[' In the summer of 1959, local boy Danny Zuko and vacationing Sandy Olsson meet at the beach and fall in love. When the summer comes to an end, Sandy—who is going back to Australia—frets that they may never meet again, but Danny tells her that their love is "only the beginning". The film moves to the start of the seniors\' term at Rydell High School. Danny, a greaser, is a member of the T-Birds, consisting of his best friend Kenickie, Doody, Putzie and Sonny. The Pink Ladies also arrive, consisting of Betty Rizzo, Janet and Marty. After her parents decided not to return to Australia, Sandy enrolls at Rydell and befriends Frenchy , who considers dropping out of school to become a beautician. Oblivious to each other\'s presence at school, Danny and Sandy tell their respective groups the accounts of events during the pair\'s brief romance. Upon learning Danny is Sandy\'s lover, Rizzo arranges for the two to reunite, but Danny is forced to maintain his bad-boy attitude in front of his friends, upsetting Sandy. Frenchy invites the girls to a sleepover, but Sandy falls ill from trying a cigarette and drinking. The T-Birds almost crash the party, but a guilty Danny leaves, followed by Rizzo, who departs to make out with Kenickie, who is actually her boyfriend. The two are disturbed by Leo, leader of the T-Birds\' rival gang, the Scorpions, and his girlfriend Cha-Cha, leading to a planned race between Kenickie and Leo. Wishing to win his way back into Sandy\'s affection, Danny turns to Coach Calhoun to get into sports, eventually becoming a runner. He reunites with Sandy and they attempt to go on a date, but their friends crash it, resulting in Kenickie and Rizzo breaking after a fight. Left alone, Frenchy is visited by a guardian angel who advises her to return to school. The school dance arrives, broadcast live on television and hosted by DJ Vince Fontaine, who flirts with Marty. Rizzo and Kenickie attempt to spite one another by bringing Leo and Cha-Cha as their dates, whilst Danny and Sandy come together. During a dance, Danny and Cha-Cha  perform together and win a dance-off. Danny tries to make it up to Sandy by taking her to a drive-in theater but ends up making several passes on her, causing Sandy to flee. Meanwhile, Rizzo fears she is pregnant after missing a period and confides to Marty, but Sonny overhears and spreads the rumour which eventually reaches Kenickie who is the potential father. The race arrives, but Kenickie is knocked out by his own car door so Danny takes up the challenge. He and Leo race until Leo crashes and leaves humiliated, with Danny as the victor. Sandy watches from afar, concluding she still loves Danny and decides to change her attitude and look to impress him. On the last day of school, whilst Principal McGee and her assistant Blanche sob about the departing class, the class celebrates their graduation at the fair on the school grounds. Rizzo discovers she is not pregnant after all and reunites with Kenickie. Danny has become a jock, but is shocked when Sandy appears dressed in leather and is seen smoking. In song, the two admit they love each other and reunite. The film ends with Danny and Sandy departing in Danny\'s car together, which then takes flight, and the pair waves goodbye to their friends as they live happily ever after.'] ['On October 6, 1970, while on holiday in Istanbul, Turkey, American college student Billy Hayes straps 2kg of hashish blocks to his chest. While attempting to board a plane back to the US with his girlfriend, Billy is arrested by Turkish police on high alert due to fear of terrorist attacks. He is strip-searched, photographed and questioned. After a while, a shadowy American  arrives, takes Billy to a police station and translates for Billy for one of the detectives. On questioning Billy tells them that he bought the hash from a taxicab driver, and offers to help the police track him down in exchange for his release. Billy goes with the police to a nearby market and points out the cab driver, but when the police go to arrest the cabbie Billy sees an opportunity and makes a run for it. He gets cornered in a building and is recaptured by the mysterious American. During his first night in holding, Billy, freezing cold, sneaks out of his cell and steals a blanket. Later that night he is rousted from his cell and brutally beaten by the chief of guards, Hamidou. He wakes a few days later in Sağmalcılar prison, surrounded by fellow western prisoners Jimmy , Max  and Erich  who help him to his feet. Jimmy tells Billy that the prison is a dangerous place for foreigners like themselves and that no-one can be trusted, not even the young children. In the ensuing weeks following his arrest, Billy attempts to gain his release through the Turkish justice system. On the advice of Max, he hires a Turkish attorney, Yesil, who has a reputation for having successfully defended another prisoner also arrested with a large quantity of hashish. Billy’s father arrives from the US and the two share an emotional reunion. The courtroom scene at Billy’s trial is disorienting to both father and son as the prosecutor rapidly hurls accusations at Billy in Turkish. As the two ask their lawyer for an explanation, Yesil reassures them the remarks were just technical and not to worry, that the judge likes him. The judge returns a verdict of 4 years in prison angering the prosecutor and devastating Billy and his father. Yesil assures them it is an excellent outcome and that Billy could have received a lifetime sentence for smuggling, a sentence the prosecutor was vehemently arguing for. Father and son retreat to a small holding area where they tearfully share their devastation. Billy is hauled off to begin his sentence. In the next several years, Billy settles into life as a prisoner in this strange and horrible place. He begins a close relationship with Erich. Erich is gay and wishes to consummate the relationship but Billy refuses. Shortly after, Erich is released. Billy actually settles into some sense of normalcy engaging in long conversations with Max, smoking the cheap and awful drugs sold in the prison by chief snitch and prison trustee Rifki and counting the days until his release. Rifki is despised by all and routinely taunts the English speaking prisoners. Eighteen months before his release, Jimmy tries to get Max and Billy to go along with an escape plan. Billy refuses essentially putting his faith in the justice system due to release him in a year and a half. Jimmy tries on his own, is caught, and is severely beaten, nearly to death. In 1974, 53 days before his original term in prison is to expire, Billy\'s sentence is overturned by the Turkish High Court in Ankara after a prosecution appeal , and he is ordered to serve at least a 30-year life term for his crime. His stay becomes a living hell: terrifying scenes of physical and mental torture follow one another culminating in Billy having a breakdown and beating to near death his fellow prisoner Rifki, biting out Rifki\'s tongue in the process. Following this breakdown he is sent to the prison\'s ward for the insane where he wanders in a daze among the other disturbed and catatonic prisoners. He meets fellow prisoner Ahmet whilst participating in the regular inmate activity of walking in a circle around a pillar. Ahmet claims to be a philosopher from Oxford University and engages him in conversation to which Billy is unresponsive. In 1975, Billy\'s girlfriend, Susan, comes to see him and is devastated at what has happened to him. She tells him that he has to escape or else he will die in there and leaves him a scrapbook with money hidden inside as "a picture of your good friend Mr. Franklin from the bank," hoping Billy can use it to help him escape. Her visit moves Billy strongly, and he begins to regain some of his senses. He says goodbye to Max, telling him not to die and to wait for Billy to come back for him. He attempts to bribe the head guard to take him to the sanitarium where there are no guards. Instead the guard takes Billy past the sanitarium to another room and attempts to rape him. With a freak stroke of luck, Billy kills the brutish and sadistic guard by pushing him on to a coat hook. He seizes the opportunity to escape by putting on a guard\'s uniform and managing to walk out of the front door. In the epilogue it is explained that on the night of October 4, 1975 he successfully crossed the border to Greece, and arrived home three weeks later.'] ['This is the story of two lads from Belfast as they stumble their way through the London gay underworld in search of "gainful employment," that is, the offering of sexual favours to older gay men in order to subsidize their respective giros. However, when one of the lads accidentally shags a punter to death, they are forced to look for \'work\' elsewhere. It is then that they discover the myth of \'The Bread in the Bed\' - a huge bed full of money. Nine dead gay guys are the result of the ensuing caper as the lads begin the search for the bed.'] ["The story begins with Samantha  breaking up with Allegra , a lesbian author who has had relationship problems in the past. Allegra meets a man named Philip  at a party, with whom she feels a connection. The next day, she meets Grace , Philip's ex-girlfriend, although Allegra does not know about it. Allegra and Philip begin seeing each other, and Philip leaves Grace for good. Allegra sees Grace outside of a movie theater and Grace cries about her boyfriend leaving her. Allegra goes on a date with Philip, but she leaves after thoughts in her mind tell her it's wrong to be with a guy. Allegra goes back and forth on dates with Philip and Grace. After several more dates, Grace shows Allegra a picture of her ex-boyfriend, and she learns that Philip and Grace were together. Philip and Grace go out for dinner, where they reveal to each other that they're seeing someone else. Meanwhile, Allegra caters at a party, which turns out to be Samantha's engagement party. Philip and Grace show up at the party, and they both discover that they have been seeing the same woman. In the end, Allegra is back with Samantha and never sees Philip and Grace again."] ["As the film begins, Geraldine ejects Joe from their bed and insists he go out on the streets to make some money for her girlfriend's abortion. This leads to Joe's various encounters with clients, including an artist who wishes to draw Joe, played by Maurice Bradell, Louis Waldon as a gymnast, and John Christian. Scenes filmed on the streets of New York City show Joe spending time with other hustlers, one of which is played by his real life brother, and teaching the tricks of the trade to the new hustler, played by Barry Brown. The film includes a scene of Joe interacting with his real life one-year-old son. Flesh concludes with Joe in bed with Geraldine Smith and Patti D'Arbanville. The women strip Joe and begin to get intimate with each other. In turn, Joe gets bored and falls asleep."] ["Francis, a successful writer of crime novels arrives in Venice were he plans to write his next work. Looking for a place to rent, he meets Judith, a real state agent. She insists on showing him an isolated house on the island of Sant'Erasmo. Francis is smitten with Judith and acquiesces to rent the property if she moves with him. Eighteen months later, Francis and Judith are blissfully married and living together in Sant'Erasmo. However happiness is not conducive for him to write. Suffering from writer's block, he roams the streets and canals of Venice in search of inspiration. His daughter Alice visits, a young slightly lost single mother actress addict, and disappears suddenly without explanation. She abandons her ten year old daughter in the care of her father. Alarmed, Francis calls on a detective friend, Anna Maria, to try to track down his daughter. Alice is found to be having a passionate love affair with Alvise, a penniless aristocrat and small-time dealer. Months pass and Francis is still suffering from writer’s block. His relationship with Judith is severely strained as she is distracted by her work demands of the peak season. He becomes jealous and begins to question Judith’s fidelity. Before they met, she had many affairs with people from both sexes. Francis decides to have her followed by Anna Maria's son. This transgression causes Judith to actually have an affair when she realizes what is happening. As their relationship deteriorates, Judith decides to leave Sant'Erasmo and moves back to Venice proper. Francis accepts the situation with trepidation, and finally manages to complete his novel."] ["Ned Kynaston  is one of the leading actors of his day, famed for his portrayal of female characters, particularly Desdemona in Othello. His loyal dresser, Maria , longs to perform on stage but is forbidden to do so by a law enacted by the Puritans prior to the return of the House of Stuart to the throne. She fulfills her desire by appearing in plays presented in a local tavern under the name Margaret Hughes. Word of her performances spread and the novelty of a woman on stage draws the attention of Sir Charles Sedley , who offers to be her patron, and eventually the attention of King Charles II  himself. Kynaston's rant against allowing women on stage is overheard by Nell Gwynn , an aspiring actress and Charles II's mistress, and she literally seduces Charles into banning men from playing female roles. As a result, Kynaston loses his lover, George Villiers , the Duke of Buckingham, and the acceptance of London society. Unable to shake the feminine characteristics he has perfected over the years, he is reduced to performing bawdy songs in drag in music halls, while Maria's career thrives, though her abilities leave much to be desired, as she bases everything she does on Kynaston's performances. When Maria is called upon to portray Desdemona for the king, she panics and implores Kynaston to coach her. Not only does he agree, but he insists on replacing company head Thomas Betterton in the role of the titular protagonist. In doing so, he discovers his ability to portray a male character, while Maria evolves from an actress of middling talent to an acclaimed theatrical star."] ['Max is a young lesbian student in Chicago who has gone ten months without having sex. She and her roommate and college professor Kia are in a coffee shop when they run into Ely, a hippieish woman with long braided hair, whom Max initially dismisses. Max and Ely do end up going to a movie together. After the movie they return to Ely\'s place and, after some flirtatious conversation, they kiss. Suddenly a call comes in from Ely\'s  partner Kate, with whom Ely has been in a long-distance relationship for more than two years, which puts a bit of a damper on things. Ely decides to cut off all her hair, ending up with a very short butch style. She runs into Max in a bookstore and Max almost does not recognize her. Kia\'s girlfriend Evy returns home. Her ex-boyfriend Junior is there. Evy\'s mother confronts her, saying that Junior told her that he had spotted Evy at a gay bar. Evy\'s mother kicks her out and Evy flees to Kia\'s place and Max invites her to live with them. Ely and her roommate Daria throw a dinner party and, after a spirited game of I Never, Max and Ely reconnect. They make plans to go out again and then begin kissing. They have several phone conversations, in the course of which Ely reveals that she\'s "sort of broken up" with Kate. They get together for a second date but they never make it out of the apartment. Max ends up trimming Ely\'s fingernails. This turns into foreplay and they have sex. Intercut with the closing credits are shots and short scenes of Max and Ely\'s burgeoning relationship.'] ["Set in the late 15th century during the reign of King Yeonsan, two male street clowns and tightrope walkers, Jangsaeng  and Gong-gil , are part of an entertainer troupe. Their manager prostitutes the beautiful Gong-gil to rich customers, and Jangsaeng is sickened by this practice. After Gong-gil kills the manager in defense of Jangsaeng, the pair flee to Seoul, where they form a new group with three other street performers. Together the group comes up with a skit mocking some members of the royal court, including the king and his new concubine Jang Noksu. After they are arrested for treason, Jangsaeng makes a deal with Choseon, who turns out to be one of the king's servants, either to make the king laugh at their skit or to be executed. They perform their skit for the king, but the three minor performers are too terrified to perform well. Gong-gil and Jangsaeng barely save themselves with one last joke at the king, who laughs and then makes them part of his court. The king falls for the effeminate Gong-gil, whom he calls to his private chambers often to perform finger puppet shows. Jangsaeng becomes jealous of this relationship. Meanwhile, the king becomes more and more unstable. He makes the clowns perform a skit depicting how his mother, the favorite concubine of the former king, was forced to take poison after being betrayed by other jealous concubines. The king then slaughters these concubines at the end of the play. Jangsaeng asks Gong-gil to leave with him and the gang at once before the king kills them too during one of his homicidal fits. Gong-gil, who initially sympathized with the king, begs the tyrant to give him his freedom but the king refuses. The king's main concubine, Jang Noksu, becomes enraged by the attention the king has been lavishing on Gong-gil. The council members try to have him killed during a hunting trip, resulting in the death of one of the members of the street performing team. Days after the hunting trip, there is a kiss between the king and Gong-gil. Then, Jang Noksu tries to have him jailed by having flyers run in Gong-gil's handwriting insulting the king severely. Jangsaeng takes the blame for the crime for which Gong-gil has been falsely accused and is imprisoned. Choseon secretly releases Jangsaeng, telling him that he should forget Gong-gil and leave the palace. But Jangsaeng ignores the advice and returns to walk on his tightrope across palace rooftops, this time openly and loudly mocking the king. The king shoots arrows at him while Gong-gil tries in vain to stop him. Jangsaeng falls and is caught, and has his eyes seared with burning iron as punishment before being thrown into prison again. Gong-gil attempts suicide, but his life is saved by the palace doctors. The king has Jangsaeng walk his tightrope blind. As Jangsaeng tells the story of his and Gong-gil's trials and tribulations while balancing on the rope, Gong-gil runs out to join him. Gong-gil asks Jangsaeng what he would like to return as in his next life and Jangsaeng replies that he would still choose to be a clown. Gong-gil answers that he too would return as nothing else but a clown. Throughout the film, the tyranny of the king and corruption of his courts is revealed. At the very end there is a popular uprising resulting in an attack on the palace, and as people storm the court, Jangsaeng and Gong-gil jump up from the rope together, and Jangsaeng tosses away his fan. The last scene is a happy one where Jangsaeng and Gong-gil appear to be reunited with their clowning troupe, including the friend who died earlier during the hunting incident. The whole company jokes, sings and dances, as they all walk away cheerfully into the distance.{{cite news}}{{cite news}}"] ['Taking place over the course of a single day, November 30, 1962, a month after the Cuban missile crisis, A Single Man is the story of George Falconer , a middle-aged English college professor living in Los Angeles. George dreams that he encounters the body of his longtime partner, Jim , at the scene of the car accident that took Jim’s life eight months earlier. After awakening, George delivers a voiceover discussing the pain and depression he has endured since Jim’s death and his intention to commit suicide that evening. George receives a phone call from his dearest friend, Charley , who projects lightheartedness despite her being equally miserable. George goes about his day putting his affairs in order and focusing on the beauty of isolated events, believing he is seeing things for the last time. Throughout, there are flashbacks to George and Jim’s sixteen-year-long relationship. During the school day George comes into contact with a student, Kenny Potter , who shows interest in George and disregards conventional boundaries of student-professor discussion. George also forms an unexpected connection with a Spanish male prostitute, Carlos . That evening George meets Charley for dinner. Though they initially reminisce and amuse themselves by dancing, Charley’s desire for a deeper relationship with George and her failure to understand his relationship with Jim angers George. George goes to a bar and discovers that Kenny has followed him. They get a round of drinks, go skinny dipping, and then return to George\'s house and continue drinking. George passes out and wakes up alone in bed with Kenny asleep in another room. George gets up and while watching Kenny discovers that he had fallen asleep holding George\'s gun, taken from the desktop, to keep George from committing suicide. George locks the gun away and in a closing voiceover explains how he has rediscovered the ability "to feel, rather than think". As he makes peace with his grief, George suffers a heart attack and dies.'] ['A mother tells her daughter a real life fairy tale of a "Princess Charming" and her Sleeping Beauty. Heather  is in love with her girlfriend Cindy  until one day Cindy "wakes up" and breaks up with Heather, saying she wants a "real prince". Heather works as a make up artist at Rolling Headstones Funeral Home in Los Angeles, "making dead rock-stars look good" for their next album covers. One day she is working on the body of musician Sno Blo . Her co-worker Vince  brings his new girlfriend to the funeral home. It is Cindy, who is moving back to Los Angeles and wants to be friends with Heather. Before Sno Blo is buried, the members of her band have a photo shoot with her at her grave side. Heather does the makeup. The photographer\'s assistant Clea  flirts with Heather and gives her her telephone number, but Heather can only think about Cindy. Cindy arrives with Vince and tries to persuade the remaining members of the band to let her be their manager. When Vince ruins the opportunity for her, she gets angry with him and tells Heather she\'ll be staying with her. When Heather gets home, she finds Cindy sleeping in her bed. She kisses Cindy to wake her up, and asks for some kind of a response. Cindy tells Heather that she can kiss her if she wants to, but not to expect anything back from her. Heather tells Cindy to get out of her bed and telephones Clea. Later, Heather practices her makeup techniques on Clea and they kiss. At the end, the narrator  is joined by Clea to finish telling the story to their daughter.'] ["Handsome Harry is the story of Harry Sweeney’s journey to find forgiveness from an old Navy friend. One day Harry  gets a call from an old Navy buddy, Kelly , who is on his deathbed. At first, Harry wants nothing to do with Kelly, but soon memories and guilt overcome him and he goes on a journey to confront his old friends. First he goes to meet Kelly in a Philadelphia hospital. Kelly asks Harry to seek forgiveness from David on his behalf. Kelly dies in the hospital the next day. Harry then goes on to meet the rest of his Navy buddies to find the truth about what actually happened the night they assaulted David together. Somebody threw an armature on David's hand that night, but Harry could not recollect who it was. In time it was revealed that Harry and David were having an affair back in the Navy. Kelly found Harry and David in a sexually compromising position in the shower. In fear of repercussion, Harry turned on David. Kelly and rest of the gang including Harry got drunk and assaulted David. It was in the end revealed that Harry was the one who dropped the armature on David, maiming him for life."] ['Cynthia , Marc  and Robert  are young friends in New York City. Marc is a struggling actor, Robert is an actor/songwriter and Cynthia is desperately trying to attract the attention of Tina Brown to break into magazine publishing. Cynthia and Marc find an apartment together in Greenwich Village. Robert is secretly in love with Marc, who\'s oblivious. Marc falls into a relationship with David , an aspiring musician who lives with his boyfriend across the alley from Marc\'s apartment. David\'s boyfriend throws him out and David moves in with Marc. Robert, trying to get over Marc, becomes interested in a man who works in a local card and gift shop . Taking Marc\'s advice to "make the grand gesture," he sends Cynthia in with a gift from him as a secret admirer. "Zola" turns down the gesture, and Marc is humiliated. Marc and Robert discover that David supports himself as a hustler and Marc breaks up with him and throws him out. Robert makes "the grand gesture" for Marc by singing a song he\'s written for him. Before Marc can respond, Cynthia, whose attempts to get through to Tina Brown have become increasingly bizarre, has a nervous breakdown. She returns to her parents\' home on Long Island. In the end, Marc and Robert visit Cynthia on Long Island. Free from the drama of his relationship with David, Marc realizes that he has feelings for Robert. Cynthia gets a call from Tina Brown\'s assistant, setting up a meeting for the following day.'] ['As well as charting the latest incarnation of the Alternative Miss World, the film studies the history of the show itself, which first took place in 1972 and has had a number of high profile celebrities both entering and judging it.'] ["Jerry  and Nick  are two best buddies whose love lives have hit rock bottom. After Nick runs into a friend who has married a beautiful, younger girl he met on a singles cruise, he decides to take a similar cruise with Jerry. Things do not go as planned though, after a vengeful travel agent books them on a cruise for gay men. During their trip, they come to learn that gay men are less objectionable than they first assumed. However, Jerry falls in love with the cruise's dance instructor Gabriella  and in order to win her over, he pretends to be gay so he can get closer to her. Meanwhile, Nick blossoms a romance with a bikini model named Inga . After an accidental affair with her mean, sex-obsessed coach Sonya , Nick must fend off Sonya who has fallen in love with him as well. In the end, Jerry wins Gabriella while Nick loses out on Inga but sees a potential relationship with her sister instead. However, he is then unwittingly  reunited with Sonya; much to his dismay and her arousal."] ["Shel , a gay party planner, agrees to organize the nuptials for straight brother Ben  to Maggie , the daughter of Maine's Governor . After Shel finds out that Ben, a campaign manager for his future father-in-law, is behind the governor's speech against gay marriage, he decides to go on strike for equal rights. Shel's strike picks up steam and eventually spreads nationwide, leaving the impending wedding vows in the hands of a tacky planner and overall, in question."] ['{{Plot}} Smith is an 18-year-old film student who identifies sexually as "undeclared" with a strong sexual appetite. He has been having strange dreams. He is going to college with his best friend, Stella, whom he has known since junior high. Smith finds a note saying that he is the "chosen son". He has a roommate, Thor, whom he lusts after, regretting that Thor is straight. Stella goes to a party with Smith, but hooks up with another girl, Lorelei. He recognizes Lorelei as one of the people in his dream. Smith notices a guy, but he is distracted when a red-haired girl from his dream vomits on his shoe. The guy vanishes, but Smith gets picked up by London, a British student. They have sex, but to Smith\'s regret she does not want to be with him except during the sex. Smith visits a nude beach, and meets a man named Hunter. They start to have sex, but Smith is disappointed to hear that Hunter is married. Stella discovers that Lorelei is not only insatiable, but also a witch with rejection issues. Stella keeps trying to dump her, but has difficulty as the witch takes over Smith\'s body, and later tries to strangle her in the washroom. Stella saves herself by spraying water on the witch, causing her to burn up. During this time, Smith continues to dream about the red-haired girl. In his dreams, they are both pursued by people wearing animal masks. Smith finds out that the girl was killed, and her head was cut off. He later meets her twin sister, who says that she was kidnapped many years ago by men wearing animal masks. He also meets the guy from the earlier party, and learns his name is Oliver. He is gay and wants to go on a date with Smith. Smith walks in on Thor and his best friend Rex wrestling in their underwear. Though they are calling each other gay, Stella explains that only straight guys can get away with that. London seduces Rex and convinces him to have a three-way with Smith for his 19th birthday. The animal-masked people finally capture Smith, London, and Smith\'s mom. They are bundled into a van to be driven to meet the head of a secret cult. Smith finds out that it is his father , and London is his half-sister. Meanwhile, Stella, Oliver, and the perpetually stoned "Messiah" hook up to pursue the van. Oliver has powers like Lorelei\'s, but uses them for good. It turns out that meeting Oliver wasn\'t chance. He was looking for Smith to protect him. The Messiah was only acting stoned. He\'s also there to protect Smith. The animal-masked people turn out to be Thor, Rex, and Hunter. They must get London and Smith to a secret underground shelter to survive the explosion of dozens of nuclear bombs. Anyone not in the cult will be annihilated, and the cult will take over the world with Smith as its leader. The Messiah tries to run the van off the road, and both vehicles scream towards a bridge that is out. Smith\'s father presses a button and the whole Earth explodes, including the cult\'s underground shelter.'] ["In 1995 Hollywood, novice screenwriter Robert Sandrich has written an autobiographical script inspired by his lover's death by AIDS-related cerebral tuberculosis. It impresses both studio executive Jeffrey Tishop and his wife Elaine, but for commercial reasons Jeffrey is willing to greenlight the project only if Robert changes his protagonist from Maurice to Maggie and shifts the focus of his plot from gay to straight people. Robert initially refuses to compromise his principles, but when Jeffrey threatens to make the film without his participation, he decides to accept the $1 million paycheck he's been offered and make the requested edits. Both Jeffrey and Elaine find themselves attracted to Robert, who becomes a frequent guest in their Malibu home and soon drifts into a sexual relationship with the manipulative producer. The connection Elaine feels to the grieving young man is more emotional and cerebral than physical and, after discovering Robert is addicted to Internet chat rooms, she tracks him down online and engages him in conversation while posing as a gay man. Using information he has revealed to her in person, she somehow manages to convince him he is communicating with his dead lover. Complications ensue when Robert reveals he's having an affair with his boss, forcing Elaine to face the truth about her seemingly perfect marriage and prompting a confrontation that leads to tragedy."] ['Wild Combination begins with interviews of Russell\'s parents discussing their youngest son\'s childhood. The film describes how Russell as a young boy is obsessed with Timothy Leary and insecure about his acne.“Wild Combination”, Interview in Shook, Retrieved December 10, 2008 Leaving Iowa for San Francisco in the late sixties, he joins a Buddhist collective and befriends Allen Ginsburg. Russell decides to move to New York in the early seventies, where he starts working as the musical director of the Kitchen and becomes part of the downtown scene of artists, sharing an apartment building with Allen Ginsburg and Richard Hell. Russell engages in nearly every music scene the city has to offer: disco at David Mancuso\'s Loft, rock at CBGB, minimal composition at the Kitchen, and Allen Ginsberg\'s poetry recitations.“Wild Combination: A Portrait of Arthur Russell ”, Interview in New York Times, Retrieved December 10, 2008 In 1978, Russell begins dating Tom Lee, whom he stays with until his AIDS-related death in 1992. Other footage shows Russell later in life, ravaged by AIDS, but still able to play his cello and sing."Wild Combination: A Portrait of Arthur Russell ", Interview in Time Out, New York, Retrieved December 12, 2008 Russell eventually succumbs to dementia and throat cancer. The film ends with Emily Russell, Arthur\'s mother, speculating that had Arthur continued to live past forty, "He would have made it, he would have gone far".“Cello Gold”, Interview in Mojo, Retrieved December 11, 2008'] ["It is spring. Randy Dean is a high school senior with poor grades, only one school friend , secret cigarette and marijuana habits and a cashier’s job at a gas station with Regina. She is pursuing a dead-end relationship with Wendy, a married woman who drops by the gas station when it pleases her. This often entails a follow-up visit from her jealous husband, Ali, who roughs Randy up and orders her to stay away from Wendy. One day Evie Roy stops in a pristine Range Rover, unsure if her tires need air. Randy recognizes her from school and talks to her for the first time. Evie is an only child living with her well-off, cultured mother, Evelyn, who has a difficult relationship with her  husband. Randy and Evie start passing notes in school and hanging out with each other, although Evie does not reveal this to her cliquish friends. They hang out in meadows, trading music  and talking. At the gas station, Randy rejects an angry Wendy, claiming she has a new girlfriend, Evie. Evie breaks up with her boyfriend after he complains of her distant attitude towards him. Later, apparently on a spur of the moment, she lends Randy a copy of Walt Whitman’s Leaves of Grass, which Randy starts to devour. Inviting Evie to her family’s small house for dinner, Randy reveals to her that she has lived with her lesbian aunt Rebecca and Rebecca's lover Vicky since Randy's mother abandoned her to devote all her time to an Operation Rescue-like group. On the front steps of Rebecca's house, they kiss for the first time. Evie records it in her diary later, apparently wondering what it all means. Randy and Evie experiment with how “out” they can be as lesbians, nervously holding hands at a local diner. Remembering Randy’s warning of how intolerant the town can be, Evie nevertheless breaks the news to her three closest friends. One girl is supportive , but the other two are hostile to the idea: one of them says, “God, Evie, if you were gonna turn gay you think you could at least choose someone who’s pretty.” Randy’s grades continue to plummet and the school warns her she will not graduate; Randy hides this information from Rebecca. When Evie’s mother leaves on a business trip, the girls take the opportunity to cook a huge meal, indulging in wine and marijuana. That night, they make love, then fall asleep in Evie’s mother’s bed. The next morning, Evelyn returns prematurely. The kitchen is a mess and used wine glasses are scattered about. Furiously searching the upstairs, she discovers the girls but does not recognize Randy as a girl until she runs past her on her way out. Meanwhile, Rebecca has learned that Randy will not be graduating high school, and she, Vicky and her ex-girlfriend Lena go to Frank’s house, where Randy had told them she would be staying the night. Rebecca threatens Frank until, panicked, he turns over Evie’s phone number. Rebecca calls, but Evie and Randy have already absconded and she is left talking to a furious Evelyn. Evie and Randy, crying, scared and accusatory, take refuge in a motel. Randy finally calls Wendy, who comes out, pays for the room and tries to comfort the girls. Ali sees her car in the parking lot, however, and comes bursting in, eventually attracting Evelyn, Rebecca, Vicky, Lena, Frank, and Evie’s three friends, who were driving past reading aloud from Rita Mae Brown’s Rubyfruit Jungle . The movie ends with Randy and Evie kissing and hugging in the open motel room doorway while everyone else argues in the background at top volume. Asked if she was aware how close the final shot was to a classic Hollywood romantic comedy, Maggenti said, {{cquote}}"] ['José, a middle age magician,is an elegant discreet homosexual who lives alone and has an occasional affair with Miguel, a young politician who finds it more convenient in Madrid\'s high society to marry than asserts his homosexuality. José is a man romantically possessed and obsessed by his childhood in Granada during the outbreak of the Spanish Civil War in the spring of 1936. Now in his fifties, José returns to Granada and relives his childhood there. A time when he fell in love with Garcia Lorca and had a youthful affair with one of Lorca\'s own lovers. Memories come flooding back to the mature José, of youthful sexual conquest, of Lorca\'s murder at the hands of Franco\'s agents, and his own early homosexual affairs. José\'s entire life is colored by his obsessions with Garcia Lorca, his unknown God, to whom the film is dedicated. José travels twice to Granada. First, he revisits a woman who is also obsessed with Garcia Lorca\'s memory, and steals a photograph of the boy with whom he had his first sexual encounter; later, José returns to Madrid, to a party in search of his youth, and meets a pianist with whom he had sexual relations many years before but now does not remember. When José returns to Madrid, he is a man tormented by his past, and in search of peace. Listening to a taped recording of Garcia Lorca\'s famous "Ode to Walt Whitman", he desires nothing more than to face the rest of his life in loneliness, although his recent lover, Miguel has returned to his bed and wants to continue their affair. José realizes that he is really all alone in their world, alone with his God.'] ['Affinity is set in Victorian England; the story of an upper-class woman, Margaret , who becomes an official "Visitor" to a woman\'s prison; however, she becomes emotionally attached to one of the inmates, Selina . As the story progresses through Selina\'s shady background, and Margaret\'s dislike of her home life; a plot to break out of the prison develops. But just what the plan is, and who calls the shots is yet to be discovered.'] ["Danilo  was about to move out of his parents' house to go live with his boyfriend, Marcos , when his mom and dad die unexpectedly in an accident. His plans for the future change and he becomes responsible for his 10&nbsp;year-old brother, Lucas . New bonds are created between these three young men. While brothers Danilo and Lucas need to learn everything they didn’t know about each other, Marcos tries to find out if there is a place for him in his boyfriend’s new family arrangement. In between video games, glasses of milk, pain and disappointment, they all need to learn how to live together."] ['Fredrik discovers synchronised swimming and recruits some friends to compete in an international competition for men.'] ['Statross is a mixed-race baron who lives in a mansion haunted by the ghost of his father, a Nazi colonel. Statross is tormented by his identity and the past of his ancestors.'] ["Destricted can be described as seven short art-house porn films. 'Impaled' by director Larry Clark shows a casting for a porn film, not with the insecure women often displayed, but instead with insecure young men. 'Balkan Erotic Epic' by director Marina Abramovic is an erotic comedy about myths from the Balkan around the sexual organs. 'House Call'  is a vintage sex scene and comes closest to pornography. 'Sync'  only exists out of very fast cuts from different porn films and plays for about two minutes. 'Hoist'  is mostly an art film. 'Death Valley' opens with a beautiful shot, but then continues with an 8-minute masturbation scene. 'We Fuck Alone'  has a doll as a main character."] ["Eric McNally  is a gay retired hockey player turned television sportscaster who lives with his partner Sam , a sports lawyer. When Sam unexpectedly becomes the legal guardian of his brother's stepson, Scot , their lives are turned upside down. Eric's unwillingness to become a parent eventually fades as Scot teaches Eric about accepting and loving your true self."] ['The film\'s plot combines several elements from these original films. Starrbooty is in the middle of a major karate fight when she receives a phone call informing her that her adopted niece Cornisha has been kidnapped. With the help of fellow crime fighter Agent Page Turner, Starrbooty learns that her arch nemesis Annaka Manners is using her billion-dollar cosmetics company as a front for kidnapping prostitutes and selling their organs on the black market. Starbooty also discovers that Annaka is actually her long-lost sister, making Cornisha Annaka\'s daughter. Page and Starrbooty go undercover as prostitutes  and in order to be convincing enough to infiltrate Annaka\'s inner sanctum, they go "all the way" . When Starrbooty finally confronts Annaka she discovers that Cornisha was in on the plot all along, and has become Annaka\'s lover. Informing them that they are actually mother and daughter, Starrbooty reveals Annaka\'s plans to double-cross Cornisha by selling her clitoris to a wealthy socialite . A final showdown between Starrbooty and Annaka leaves Annaka dead, and they are able to salvage Cornisha\'s genitals by taking Annaka\'s . Thus everyone who deserves to lives happily ever after.'] ['Cheryl is a young, African American lesbian who works in a video rental store in Philadelphia with her friend Tamara. They earn extra money by making professional home videos for people. Cheryl becomes interested in films from the 1930s and 40s which feature black actresses. She notices that these actresses are often not credited. She watches a film called Plantation Memories with a black actress who is credited simply as "The Watermelon Woman". Cheryl decides to make a documentary about the Watermelon Woman and find out more about her life. Tamara tries to set Cheryl up with her friend Yvette, but Cheryl is not interested. Cheryl meets a white woman in the store called Diana who, to Tamara\'s annoyance, flirts with Cheryl. Cheryl starts interviewing members of the public, asking them if they have heard of the Watermelon Woman. She interviews her mother who does not remember the name, but recognises a photograph of her. She tells Cheryl that she used to hear the Watermelon Woman singing in clubs in Philadelphia. Tamara\'s mother tells Cheryl to get in contact with Lee Edwards&nbsp;— a man who has done a lot of research into black films. Cheryl and Tamara go to see Lee, and he tells them about 1920s and 30s black culture in Philadelphia. He explains to them that in those days, black women usually played domestic servants. Cheryl meets her mother\'s friend Shirley, who turns out to be a lesbian. Shirley tells her that the Watermelon Woman\'s name was Fae Richards, that she was a lesbian too, and that she used to sing in clubs "for all us stone butches". She says that Fae was always with Martha Page, the white director of Plantation Memories, and that Martha was a mean and ugly woman. When Cheryl and Tamara get caught ordering video tapes under Diana\'s name, Diana takes the tapes and tells Cheryl that she will have to come to her home to collect them. Cheryl goes to Diana\'s house, stays for dinner, and watches some of the tapes with her, telling her about her project. They have sex, and Cheryl decides that although Diana is not her usual type of woman, she likes being with her. Cheryl meets cultural critic Camille Paglia who tells her about the Mammy archetype, saying that it represented a goddess figure. Cheryl goes to the CLIT archive of lesbian material, and finds photographs of Fae Richards, including one given by Fae to a June Walker. With Diana\'s help, Cheryl manages to contact Martha Page\'s sister who denies that Martha was a lesbian. As Cheryl and Diana grow closer, Tamara makes it clear that she dislikes Diana and disapproves of their relationship. She accuses Cheryl of wanting to be white, and Diana of having a fetish for black people. Cheryl telephones June Walker, learning that she was Fae\'s partner for 20 years. They arrange to meet, but June is taken to hospital and leaves a letter for Cheryl instead. In the letter she says that she is angry with Martha Page, that Martha had nothing to do with what Fae\'s life. She urges Cheryl to tell their history. Having separated from Diana, and fallen out with Tamara, Cheryl finishes her project, never managing to make further contact with June.'] ["Much of the film is without dialogue and the story is presented in flashbacks, nightmares, and fantasy sequences set to Tchaikovsky's music. As a child, the composer sees his mother die horribly, forcibly immersed in scalding water as a supposed cure for cholera, and is haunted by the scene throughout his musical career. Despite his difficulty in establishing his reputation, he attracts Madame Nadezhda von Meck as his patron. His marriage to the nymphomaniacal Antonina Miliukova is plagued by his homosexual urges and lustful desire for Count Anton Chiluvsky. The dynamics of his life lead to deteriorating mental health and the loss of von Meck's patronage, and he dies of cholera after deliberately drinking contaminated water."] ["Caramel revolves around the intersecting lives of five Lebanese women. Layale  works in a beauty salon in Beirut along with two other women, Nisrine  and Rima . Each one has a problem: Layale is stuck in a dead-end relationship with a married man; Nisrine is no longer a virgin but is set to be married and in her conservative family where pre-marital sex is not accepted; Rima is attracted to women; Jamale , a regular customer and wannabe actress, is worried about getting old; Rose , a tailoress with a shop next to the salon, is an old woman who had devoted her life to taking care of her mentally unbalanced elder sister Lili , but has found her first love. The film doesn't refer to any of the political problems or recent warfare that has troubled Lebanon. Rather, Labaki's tale paints everyday people with everyday problems."] [' The day is May 8, 1938, the day when Hitler visited Rome to meet premier Mussolini. Also on this day, as her entire family  goes to the streets to follow the great meeting and the parade, an Italian housewife  stays home looking after some domestic tasks. Her apartment building is empty but for a man  who seems repulsed by fascism , living in the building across in the complex. As this chamber drama progresses, and loneliness of each is revealed, the audience learns that this man is a radio broadcaster who has lost his job and is about to be deported to Sardinia, due to his political attitudes and his homosexuality. Unaware of this, the housewife flirts with him, as they meet by chance in the empty building. During their conversation, the rather naïve and mainstream woman is surprised by his opinions and finally shocked when she realizes his sexual orientation. Nonetheless, despite their fights and arguments, a friendship develops and they eventually make love before he is taken away by the police and her family comes back home.Review - A Special Day Channel 4.A Special Day'] ["The film opens on Rachel  and Hector's  wedding day in North London, England. Rachel's bossy mother Tess  and dazed dad Ned  are introduced. Luce,  who manages a flower shop, is the wedding florist. She also makes fast friends with Rachel's younger sister, Henrietta . However, as Rachel is walking up the aisle, her eyes meet Luce's and a connection is made. Some time later, Luce is invited to dinner with Rachel, Heck, and Coop , Heck's best friend and a perennial bachelor. Rachel suggests they fix up Luce with Coop, until Luce mentions that she's a lesbian. Heck takes this news in stride, and Coop is undeterred in his good-natured attempts to sleep with her. While Heck works long hours at his increasingly unsatisfying office job, he encourages Rachel to be friends with Luce. The two spend an evening together, visiting a football match and an arcade . At the end of the night, Luce walks Rachel back to her flat. Their goodbye grows awkward from tension, then Rachel leans forward to kiss Luce, but withdraws at the last moment and leaves. Over the next few days, Rachel continues to deny her growing attraction to Luce in an effort to remain loyal to Heck. For her part, Luce has no wish to break up a committed couple. Unable to deny what she is feeling, Rachel eventually confronts Luce directly at her flower shop. She tells Luce that a romance between them cannot happen, leaves, and abruptly returns seconds later to kiss Luce in the back of Luce's shop. Their foreplay gets interrupted by Heck, who has stopped by to pick up flowers for Rachel. He tells Luce that he has sensed the distance growing between him and Rachel and partially blames himself for not being there for her. Hearing this, Rachel runs off, later sorrowfully agreeing with Luce that they can't betray Heck. In the meantime, Heck reaches breaking point at his job and finally quits. When he returns home drunk, Rachel rashly confesses all to him without saying who her love is. Heck, who was feigning sleep, later calls Coop for support and Coop angrily confronts Luce after figuring out it was her Rachel fell in love with. Luce decides that being near Rachel without being with her is too hard. She makes plans to go on an extended trip out of the country, leaving care of her shop to her mother. When Rachel and Heck are celebrating her birthday at her parents', H tells them about Luce's trip. Heck then figures out that it was Luce who Rachel fell in love with after noticing her reaction to the news. Heck does not want to be her second choice or to live a lie so he leaves. She then confesses to her parents that she is in love with a woman and with their help, Rachel tracks down Luce as she takes a taxi to the airport. After getting stuck in traffic and Luce brushing her off on the phone, all seems lost. However, Rachel realizes Luce is in the same traffic jam and uses the lessons Luce taught her about yelling loudly to call to her. The two women reunite and kiss each other in the middle of a crowded London street. In a post credits coda, we see the characters some time later. Heck is on the plane to an unknown destination, all set to write his travel book, where he sits next to a young woman  for the 24 hour flight. There is an obvious and immediate attraction  between them. H and her young boyfriend are playing at a playground, Coop is seen holding a baby, and Luce and Rachel are still happy together."] ['Buddy, a young gay man leaves his small-town home in rural Upstate New York to make a new life in New York City.'] ["Alex and Cristina  are university students who end up living in the same building. Their friendship develops quickly, overcoming several phases, from fellowship to care and tenderness. While the two are very different, the two girls get along fine, except for the moments when a third character shows up &mdash; Sandu. Kiki’s brother is permanently tormented by an unnatural jealousy which implies an incestuous liaison between the two siblings.<ref nameLove Sick by Tudor Giurgiu |url2007-07-24 |work=Libra Film}}. Unlike other recent Romanian films, it is not a reflection on Romania's communist or post-communist history; the country is merely a background for the different relationships."] ["Rath , a Cambodian-American woman, who returns to Cambodia in order to meet her favorite Khmer singer-actress, Thida , after a series of long-distance telephone conversations. With strong help and support, Thida became godsister to Rath, who was allowed to live with her and her family in Cambodia. Their relationship began as a sisterly/best friends. Thereafter, Rath and Thida were inseparable and constantly spent time with each other. Unbeknownst to Thida, Rath had romantic feelings for her. One night, Rath forces herself onto Thida. Thida cries out and is heard by her mother. She is warned by her mother to not have any type of intimate relationship with Rath. Having realized that she has fallen in love with Rath later, they continue to find ways to see each other. Ultimately, Thida's parents find out and attempt to separate the two by marrying Thida to a man. She and Rath run off together the day of the wedding and are pursued by the enraged fiance. He confronts Rath and brandishes a gun. He takes aim and shoots Rath, killing her. Devastated by her lover's death, Thida ends her own life with a gunshot. Her parents' plea to save their daughter from suicide was done in vain. The hardship of love between two people of the same-sex is highlighted throughout the film, including conflicting parent/child views and the Cambodian societal perception. The movie ends sadly with both women dead and the arrest of the boyfriend."] ['Caligula , the young heir to the throne of the syphilis-ridden, half-mad Emperor Tiberius , thinks he has received a bad omen after a blackbird flies into his room early one morning. Shortly afterward, Macro , the head of the Praetorian Guards, appears to tell the young man that his great uncle  demands that he report at once to the Island of Capri, where Tiberius has been residing for a number of years with a close friend Nerva , a dim-witted relative Claudius , and Caligula\'s younger stepbrother Gemellus  . Fearing assassination, Caligula is afraid to leave, but his beloved sister Drusilla  convinces him to go. At Capri, Caligula finds his uncle has become depraved, showing signs of advanced venereal diseases, and embittered with Rome and politics. Tiberius enjoys watching degrading sexual shows, often including children and various freaks of nature. Caligula observes with a mixture of fascination and horror. Tensions rise when Tiberius jokingly tries to poison Caligula in front of Gemellus. After Nerva commits suicide on the prospect of Caligula\'s rule, Tiberius collapses from a stroke, leaving Macro and Caligula planning a way to hasten the latter\'s ascent to the throne. Late one night, Macro escorts all the spectators out of Tiberius\' bedchamber to allow Caligula the opportunity to murder his uncle, but when he fails, Macro finishes the deed himself by strangling Tiberius with a scarf. Caligula triumphantly removes the imperial signet from Tiberius\'s finger and suddenly realizes that Gemellus has witnessed the murder. Tiberius is buried with honors and Caligula is proclaimed the new Emperor; he in turn proclaims Drusilla his equal, to the apparent disgust of the Senate. Afterwards, Drusilla, fearful of Macro\'s influence, convinces Caligula to get rid of him. Caligula obliges by setting up a mock trial in which Gemellus is intimidated into testifying that Macro alone murdered Tiberius. With the powerful Macro gone, Caligula appoints Tiberius\'s former adviser Longinus  as his right-hand man, and pronounces the docile Senator Chaerea  as the new head of the Praetorian Guard. Drusilla endeavors to find Caligula a wife amongst the priestesses of the goddess Isis, the cult they secretly practice. Caligula only wants to marry Drusilla, but when she refuses because she is actually his sister, he spitefully marries Caesonia , a known courtesan, but only after she bears him an heir. Caligula proves to be a popular but eccentric ruler, cutting taxes and overturning all the oppressive laws that Tiberius enacted. The Senate begins to dislike the young emperor for his eccentricities and various insults directed towards them. Darker aspects of his personality begin to emerge as well; he rapes a bride and groom on their wedding day because of a minor fit of jealousy, and orders the execution of Gemellus merely to provoke a reaction from Drusilla. After he discovers Caesonia is pregnant, Caligula suffers severe fever, but Drusilla nurses him back to health. Just as he fully recovers, Caesonia bears him a daughter, Julia Drusilla, and Caligula marries her on the spot. During the celebration, Drusilla collapses in Caligula\'s arms from the same fever he\'d suffered. Soon afterwards, Caligula receives another ill omen in the guise of a black bird. He rushes to Drusilla\'s side and watches her die. Caligula has a nervous breakdown; he smashes a statue of Isis and drags Drusilla\'s body around the palace while screaming hysterically. Now in a deep depression, Caligula walks the Roman streets, disguised as a beggar; Caligula then causes a disturbance after watching an amateur performance mocking his relationship with Drusilla. After a brief stay in a city jail, Caligula proclaims himself a god and becomes determined to destroy the senatorial class, which he has come to loathe. His reign becomes a series of humiliations against the foundations of Rome; senators\' wives are forced to work in the service of the state as prostitutes, estates are confiscated, the old religion is desecrated, and he initiates an absurd war on Britain to humiliate the army; the army never actually fights in Britain, but is ordered to attack stalks of papyrus on the shores. It is obvious to the senators and the military that Caligula must be assassinated, and Longinus conspires with Chaerea to carry out the deed. Caligula wanders into his bedroom where a nervous Caesonia awaits him. The blackbird makes a final appearance, but only Caesonia is frightened of it. The next morning, after rehearsing an Egyptian play, Caligula and his family are attacked as they leave the stadium in a coup headed by Chaerea. His wife and daughter are brutally murdered and Chaerea himself stabs Caligula in the stomach. With his final breaths, he defiantly whimpers "I live!" As Caligula and his family\'s bodies are thrown down the marble steps and their blood is washed off the marble floor, Claudius is proclaimed the new Emperor.'] ["The three meet each other for the first time at Mumbai's airport and decide to find a place together. In the course of the movie, Krishna finds out that, in order to break into the local film industry, he must first win the  patronage of Don Mastana , a godfather of the Mumbai underworld who's also a film producer. Mastana is a violent man who thinks nothing of impaling a lizard with a knife or shattering the skull of a fellow crime boss for making a pass at his girlfriend. Ricardo, the serious-looking Australian, finds out the sad fate of his brother, but also manages to fall in love with Mastana's spunky moll Dolly , igniting further flames. Xerxes, who's a Parsi, is led to embrace his latent homosexuality by their gay landlord ."] ['Three prisoners escape from a chain gang, and two of them, Wayne and Harry  run away to Happy, Texas, where they pose as the gay organizers of a beauty pageant. They put on a show with the small girls of the town while hiding from the law and waiting for the opportunity to rob the local bank. Their scheme is complicated by the fact that the local sheriff  is gay, and, believing that Wayne and Harry are also gay, he is attracted to Harry.'] ["Lars  decides to leave the army after accusations of having made passes at some of his men prevent his promotion to a higher rank. Disillusioned with the army and angry at his overbearing politician mother, he joins a Neo-Nazi group, discovering only later that they practice gay-bashing. He and his violently homophobic peer Jimmy  become involved in a secret love affair, moving from hostility through grudging admiration to friendship and finally tenderness and passion. Jimmy's emotionally unstable younger brother Patrick , already jealous that newcomer Lars quickly advanced above him in the Nazi group, discovers the relationship and tells Michael , the leader of the group, about it. They beat up Lars, forcing Jimmy to do the beating; but when the group leaves, Jimmy stays with Lars and takes him to the isolated Nazi safe house they had been sharing while they renovated it. As the two are preparing to go away together, a gay man whom Jimmy had beaten severely in the movie's opening scene emerges from the dark and stabs him. The movie ends with Jimmy lying unconscious in a hospital bed and Lars holding his hand."] ['The film centers on the experiences of several teenagers at Camp Ovation, a summer theatre camp. The campers are a mishmash of youngsters from different backgrounds and dealing with different issues, but all feel most comfortable while performing. School is out, and the campers reunite as they prepare to board the buses to Camp Ovation. Shy, self-conscious Ellen Lucas happily greets her friends, recovering from an embarrassing situation where she desperately tried to land a prom date, and ended up asking her brother. Nerdy Fritzi Wagner attempts to befriend icy diva Jill Simmons, but ends up toting her luggage instead. Returning camper Jenna Malloran laments that her parents forced her to have her jaw wired shut in order to lose weight. Upon arrival to Camp Ovation, the kids settle in. Ellen converses with her friend Michael Flores, a gay teenager who was violently beaten by his classmates after showing up to his junior prom in drag. The campers are struck dumb with the arrival of Vlad Baumann, a handsome new camper who is, as a staff member marvels, "an honest-to-god straight boy." Camp Ovation puts on a new play or musical every two weeks. Vlad and Ellen bond after rehearsal one day and flirt a bit. However, soon afterwards, Vlad is seduced by the conceited Jill, who later makes cruel cracks at Ellen for her weight and her inexperience with boys. Feeling guilty, Vlad comforts Ellen and the two begin to inch towards a relationship. The camp enlists a guest counselor for the summer: composer Bert Hanley, whose play "The Children\'s Crusade" was a one-hit wonder many years ago. Frustrated with his lack of recent success, he is now a grumpy alcoholic and shows up two days late at Camp Ovation. He constantly drinks on the camp grounds and is very irritated by Vlad, who idolizes him and attempts to strike up conversation. Jill shares a cabin with Fritzi, who is still catering to her every whim. However, after Fritzi is caught washing Jill\'s underwear, Jill expresses her disgust with Fritzi and kicks her out of the cabin. The usually meek Fritzi becomes filled with borderline psychotic rage, and sabotages Jill\'s next performance in "Company" by putting Woolite in her Snapple. As Jill vomits during her musical number, Fritzi shows up in costume and takes her place mid-song. She reveals herself to be a talented and passionate actress. Michael is rooming with Vlad, on whom he has developed a crush. Vlad convinces Michael to invite his parents to his next play, although his father is incredibly unsupportive of his homosexuality. Though his mother tells him they will come, Michael notices mid-performance that they did not. Crushed, he flees the stage. He is found later by Vlad, who explains that he too has his share of problems. Though Vlad is a seemingly normal, all-American teenager, he reveals to Michael that he suffers from an acute type of OCD, for which he is medicated. Hanley is angered after hearing Vlad play one of his songs, and begins to tell the campers that theater will only make them bitter and lonely, much like himself. Vlad follows a drunken Hanley back to his room and berates him for his cruel speech. After Hanley throws up and passes out, Vlad finds a trove of music that Hanley has written over the years but not released. During a rehearsal for the camp\'s benefit performance, Vlad and the campers sing "Century Plant", one of Hanley\'s songs. Hanley\'s heart is lifted and his disposition changes. Shortly before the benefit, Michael sleeps with Dee, Ellen\'s roommate, out of frustration about Vlad. When Vlad hears of this, he immediately asks Dee if it was true. Vlad and Dee end up making out on Dee\'s bed, and Ellen walks in on them. She runs off, hurt, and refuses to talk to Vlad. The night of the benefit concert arrives, and the campers are starstruck as famed composer Stephen Sondheim is in attendance. The dressing room atmosphere is tense, and gets even more awkward when Vlad\'s girlfriend Julie shows up to see him. Meanwhile, in another act of revenge, Fritzi sabotoges Jill\'s makeup, causing her to break out in boils. Jill attacks her, injuring her, and both are unfit to go onstage. To replace her, Bert cuts the wires on Jenna\'s mouth, allowing her to sing a powerful song directed to her parents in the audience, telling them to accept her as she is. The benefit is a hit, but Vlad, Michael, and Ellen are still arguing. Vlad and Michael meet up by the lake, where Vlad strips down to gain Michael\'s attention. After being set straight by Michael, Vlad admits that he is an "attention junkie", and attempts to please everyone in order to gain their good favor. He apologizes to Michael for leading him on. Ellen arrives, and Vlad explains that he still cares about her, and that his girlfriend Julie had just broken up with him. After another apology, Ellen forgives him, and the three go swimming. During the end credits, the entire cast does an elaborate rendition of Todd Rundgren\'s "Want of a Nail".'] ['The film, starring Emma Thompson in the title role, focuses on her unusual relationship with the author Lytton Strachey, played by Jonathan Pryce, as well as with other members of the Bloomsbury Group. The film is divided into 6 chapters.  # Lytton & Carrington 1915: During the Great War, Lytton Strachey is travelling to the country and staying at Vanessa Bell\'s house. There he meets Carrington for the first time but confuses her with a boy and does not hide his disappointment. Lytton is due to face a hearing with the military due to his open opposition to the war. While taking a hike through the countryside, he tries to kiss Carrington but she refuses him. Early in the morning, she walks into his bedroom with the intent of cutting his beard off, but stops at the last minute in contemplation of him sleeping and falls in love with him. # Gertler 1916–1918: Mark Gertler tries to have sex with Carrington, but she refuses, since she thinks that he is only interested in her sexually. Gertler turns to Lytton for aid in wooing her, while trying to help him she falls more deeply in love with him and although he does not fully requite her, he does have feelings for her. While on a trip to Wales he proposes that they live together, acting on this, Carrington searches for a house and finds and refurbishes Mill House in Tidmarsh. When Gertler finds out that Carrington and Lytton are moving in together he attacks the couple. # Partridge 1918–1921: Carrington later meets and falls in love with Ralph Partdrige, who has come back from the war. On their first dinner together, Ralph expresses his rather one-sided point of views which are contrary to Lytton\'s, nevertheless the rugged man appeals to him. Lytton goes on vacation to Italy, Ralph has made very clear his intent of marrying Carrington or leaving altogether to Bolivia to run a sheep farm. Knowing that if Ralph is no longer with him, Lytton will move out of Mill House, she marries Ralph and in their honeymoon they meet with Lytton in Venice. Ralph introduces his friend Gerald Brenan to Lytton and Carrington. Brenan is planning to leave for Spain in order to improve his education and takes a liking to Carrington, which is mutual. Lytton is successful in the publication of Eminent Victorians and manages to become a man of means. The war ends. # Brenan 1921–1923: Although he tries to be loyal to his friend Ralph, Gerald and Carrington carry on an affair and have to skulk about to avoid being caught. Gerald leaves for Spain insisting that Carrington run off with him. She refuses but they continue the relationship until they get caught by Ralph, Lytton manages to avoid the break-up and secretly aids the couple to continue their affair until it ends by itself. # Ham Spray House 1924–1931: Lytton buys Ham Spray and Carrington, he and Ralph move in. Ralph now is in a relationship with Frances Marshall and Lytton is in a relationship with Roger, a younger man from Oxford, while Carrington is carrying on an affair with Beacus, a strapping seaman who has little to say and keeps trying to change Carrington to fit his fantasies but later admits that he is not attracted to her sexually. Carrington becomes pregnant by Beacus but has an abortion. Lytton takes an apartment in London where he intends to live with Roger, but it becomes clear that the relationship shall not be long-lived. # Lytton 1931–1932: Roger and Lytton break up. During a tea party Lytton suddenly becomes ill; Carrington initially is optimistic but afterwards it becomes evident that he will not recover. Carrington tries to commit suicide by locking herself in the garage with the car motor running but is rescued by Ralph. When Lytton finally dies, surrounded by Ralph, Carrington and Gerald, he states "If this is dying, I do not think very much of it." Carrington is utterly depressed but manages to keep her spirits up and convinces Ralph that she needs to be alone, once they have left, she burns all of Lytton\'s personal possessions and takes a gun and finally manages to kill herself.'] ["Paul is an upper-class young man who is about to start at a grande école, one of the system of mostly public colleges to which students are admitted based on a highly competitive process and whose graduates often gain prestigious employment. He has chosen to live with two new roommates instead of his girlfriend Agnès. As a result, with his studies, he has little time to see her. Agnès perceives cracks in their relationship when she suspects Paul's attraction to one of his new roommates, the aristocratic Louis-Arnault. Paul denies any homosexual attraction, but Agnès decides to make a bet with him: whichever of them beds Louis-Arnault first, wins. If she does, Paul must stop exploring his sexuality; if he does, she will leave him. Before the bet plays out, Paul meets Mécir, a young Arab worker, who becomes besotted with him. With Mécir, Paul goes on a journey of discovery that changes many of his ideas about class, cultural differences and sexuality."] ["In 1987, Adam , a shy, cynical goth kid, encounters Steve , an attractive Dazzle Dancer performing at Danceteria one night. The two flirt and go back to Adam's apartment to have sex, with Steve offering Adam the latter's first hit of cocaine. Unbeknownst to Steve, the cocaine is cut with baby laxative, resulting in Steve losing control of his bowels and explosively defecating all over Adam's apartment. Humiliated, Steve flees. Seventeen years later, Adam is a jaded ex-substance addict working as a New York City tour guide, while Steve has become a successful psychiatrist. By sheer coincidence the two meet when Adam accidentally stabs his dog and Steve, who dabbled in veterinary medicine, treats the animal at the hospital. Both Adam and Steve fail to recognize each other from their previous meeting. Adam and Steve strike a fast friendship and begin dating, eventually falling in love; Steve introduces Adam to his latently religious parents, while Adam introduces Steve to his disaster-prone family. Rhonda  and Michael  -- Adam and Steve's respective best friends—are initially wary of the other's friend and openly hostile toward one another, but soon themselves fall in love and begin dating. Steve's feelings for Adam grow, and eventually he confides in Michael and Rhonda that he plans to propose marriage to Adam. On the Brooklyn Bridge, however, right as Steve prepares to propose to Adam, Adam absentmindedly muses that his entire litany of substance abuse and relationship problems were sparked by his disastrous affair with an incontinent Dazzle Dancer back in 1987. In that instant, Steve realizes who Adam is; horrified at this revelation, and feeling responsible for all of Adam's problems, Steve abruptly breaks up with Adam. Adam falls into despair until Rhonda wheedles the truth about Steve's past from Michael; she and Michael reveal all to Adam. Adam angrily confronts Steve, who is apologetic but still upset and scared by feelings of responsibility for Adam's problem-filled life. Adam is still upset and prepared to give up on their relationship, but Steve apologizes more humbly and professes his love to Adam ; Adam softens and accepts. Steve moves forward with his marriage proposal. The film ends with the two marrying in an outdoor ceremony, with all their friends and family in attendance."] ["In post-war London, aimless young married bisexual, Johnny, is sent to prison forcing him to entrust his beloved Alsatian dog, Evie, to the reluctant care of his down-trodden parents and older, middle-class former-lover and best friend, Frank. After a series of visits to Johnny's parents' home, Frank bonds with the dog whose mischievous spirit reminds him of his incarcerated friend. As it becomes apparent to Frank that Johnny's father is beating the dog, who is left for days on end in a small yard, a class war erupts over Evie's welfare, exacerbated by Johnny's manipulative and antagonistic wife Megan, whose sole aim is to claim Johnny back from Frank on his forthcoming release. A set of tragi-comic relationships evolve with the dog coming to represent the hold they have over each other."] ['Phillip and Dieter nearly suffocate hiding their sexual identity in the face of puritanical small town values. Joined by a mysterious German relative, the three misfits escape to the big city searching for a place to belong.'] ['Suzuki is a high school student who aspires to become a great swimmer, however, he is the only person in the school\'s swimming team. Soon, a beautiful new swimming teacher starts work at the high school. Dozens of boys decide to join the swimming team, but when they realize that she teaches synchronized swimming , all but Suzuki and four other boys drop out. The teacher soon leaves work on maternity leave, and for some time the team is on hiatus. However, when Suzuki watches a dolphin show he decides to ask the dolphin trainer to be their coach. The dolphin trainer exploits them as free labour and has no intention of training them, and in an attempt to ditch them, leaves all his cash with them to have to practice "rhythm" using Dance Dance Revolution. When he runs out of gas, he returns to get some money and discovers that they are totally synchronized and doing well with the game. He takes them back and they continue to train. Later, while training in the sea, a tourist with a video camera films them, thinking that they are drowning, and the boys appear on TV. Seeing this, the boys who had quit rejoin, and are taught synchronized swimming by the five boys. Before the festival, the pool is drained when the water is used to fight a fire, but the neighboring girls school allows them to use their pool. The performance turns out to be a great success.'] ['Khastegi  tells the story of seven Iranian transsexuals living in Tehran.1 http://www.celluloid-dreams.com/current_slate/all_films/sex_my_life/'] ['The film opens as Leo , an openly gay man celebrating his 30th birthday, arrives home and is very unhappy to find a surprise-party organised by his roommates Darren  and Angie  in full swing. Leo has a complicated personal history with some of the guests and hides in his bedroom, feeling grumpy and old. The movie then goes into an extended flashback which explains this history. It turns out that his work colleague had encouraged Leo to attend his weekly men\'s group run by New Age type goofball Keith  whose wife is Sybil . There, Leo meets hunky Irishman Brendan  whom he develops a crush on, which he reluctantly reveals to the group. However Brendan is straight and lives with his ex-girlfriend Sally  who is later revealed to be Leo\'s high school sweetheart. A series of \'Iron John\' group exercises leads Brendan and Leo to develop a friendship. As they bond, it becomes clear that Brendan\'s curiosity towards Leo starts to grow in a sexual escalade. In the men\'s group, one of the other groupsmen become very jealous of Leo\'s "friendship" with Brendan and that he does not have that with Leo. Brendan fights with the lad over Leo. The friendship is soon to become more, as Brendan appears unexpectedly late one night at Leo\'s door and sleeps with him; after which they become something of a couple, to the consternation of one man in their men\'s group, though it encourages another, Terry ([[Con O\'Neill , to explore his sexuality. Meanwhile, flamboyant Darren has met real estate agent Jeremy , who gets a kick out of having sex in houses for sale he has been given the keys to. However, he is not interested into "couply" things, despite Darren\'s attempts. Eventually this leads to them having sex with handcuffs and blindfolds in the bedroom of the house which Sally has on the market, during which she unexpectedly returns home. Jeremy abandons Darren, who dumps him. Leo gets close once more with Sally, and ends up kissing her. Feeling guilty, he leaves in a panic, and ends up telling Brendan what happened, who goes ballistic as he still has feelings for Sally. Leo finds himself in a quandary, and decides to confess to Sally that he is the one who is seeing Brendan . He inadvertently does so while Brendan is there too, and leaves Brendan to face Sally. The film then returns to the party, where Brendan and Terry get into an argument over Leo and take it outside, where Brendan punches Terry on the nose, who crumples. Brendan asks him to go with him for a drink . Thus, Brendan starts dating; Leo\'s work colleague and Angie get together; Jeremy and Darren make up; and Leo sleeps with Sally.'] ['Emily "Jacks" Jackson, who spent her childhood in America, now lives and works in London, at British Vogue, and shares an apartment with her gay friend Peter Simon, a screenwriter. Afraid to be disappointed by a serious relationship, Jacks prefers to spend her free time with her friends and sleep with her ex-boyfriend, James, whom she doesn\'t love. Peter, who has never been in a relationship, spends too much time in his dreams and as a result cannot fall in love with a real person. It gets more complicated with the entrance of Paolo, a photography assistant for one of the photographers at Vogue. As the film develops, they come to realize their mistakes and eventually reach their happy endings.'] ['Franz BieberkopfThe name of the character was taken from the novel Berlin Alexanderplatz, which the director later adapted for television. Fassbinder frequently commented, "I am Bieberkopf". is a sweet but unsophisticated working-class homosexual who works in a carnival as "Fox, the Talking Head". He finds himself without a job when his boyfriend, Klaus, the carnival owner, is arrested for tax fraud. Now jobless, Fox visits Hedwig, his sister, who likes to drink and is in no mood or situation to provide any help. After losing the remaining money that he had, Fox turns to tricks in order to buy the lottery ticket he is convinced will bring him his fortune. Cruising in a public restroom, Fox meets an older man, Max, a sophisticated antique art dealer, who is not willing to give Fox the small amount of money he needs. Undeterred, Fox stops at a flowers shop and swindles the ten marks he needs from the overweight gay florist. With that money, Fox buys a lottery ticket as the newsagent\'s is closing. A month later, Fox is at a party where Max introduces him to his cultivated gay friends. One of them, the handsome but hypocritical Eugen shuns Fox for his proletarian manners, but quickly changes his mind when he learns that Fox has won 500,000 German marks in the lottery. The unscrupulous Eugen immediately leaves his gorgeous boyfriend, Philip, and, with no effort, entices the pudgy and unattractive Fox who he finds easy prey. They spend the night at Eugen’s apartment, starting a relationship. The next morning, Philip finds them together, but Eugen convinces Philip to step aside for some time. Later, Fox and Eugen go to a working-class gay bar and then to a posh restaurant, where they meet Eugen\'s two other friends. Eugen then takes Fox round his new factory. Later, Fox goes to a gay spa and talks to Max, who suggests investing in Eugen\'s company. Fox then takes out 100,000 marks and gives them to Eugen; they go to the factory to tell Eugen\'s father. Eugen gets evicted from his apartment for moral reasons ; he suggests that Fox buy his own apartment. They visit one and Fox buys it, then buys furniture from Max for 80,000 marks. They go clothes-shopping at Eugen\'s ex-boyfriend\'s, Philip, and again Fox pays for it all. Later, they have lunch at Eugen\'s parents\' and Fox has no table manners. He then signs a contract for the 100,000-Mark loan, which he barely understands. Fox and Eugen go to the gay bar, and find that Klaus has been released from prison; Fox lends him 30,000 marks, and Eugen is jealous. At the apartment, they throw a party, during which Philip whispers to Max that he might be living there later; the party ends abruptly when Hedwig, drunk, makes a fuss. To iron out the argument, they decide to go on holiday. At the travel agent\'s, Eugen decides on Marrakech, Morocco; Fox pays for it again. There, they pick up a local male prostitute , and go to a restaurant with him; he is not let into the hotel because he is an Arab. The hotel assistant says, however, that they have male escorts specially for the hotel. Back from the holiday, the company is bankrupt; the workers cannot be paid. Fox suggests giving his flat to Eugen, so the bank lets him take a loan to pay them. Eugen goes to the opera with Max, leaving Fox alone; Fox goes to the gay bar, throws a fit, gives 500 marks to the florist and runs off. The next day at the factory, Fox makes a mistake with some imprints; Eugen\'s father tells him off. Later, they all have dinner together and again, Fox has no table manners or savoir-vivre. Fox goes to a pub and propositions two American soldiers, but nothing happens, they just leave. He drives to the gay bar, the florist hits on him and Fox slaps him; Fox has a short heart attack. Back at the flat, he tells Eugen about the attack but his lover doesn\'t seem to care. The next day, he goes to a doctor, who gives him sedative pills. Fox breaks up with Eugen, who says he is taking the apartment to make up for the bungled imprints . At the factory the next day, he is told that the 100,000 marks from the contract was paid back in his monthly salary, he didn\'t have to work. Later he goes to the apartment and he is not let in; Eugen\'s ex-boyfriend is there. He then goes to his sister\'s, they have an argument and he goes to sleep in his car. The next day he sells his new car  for only 8000 marks. Later in the gay bar, Fox sees the American soldiers and they ask him how much he pays; he starts sobbing. Finally, he is lying on the floor in the underground; he has killed himself with the pills. Two young boys steal his money and golden watch from him. Max and Klaus see him; they leave when they see he is dead, as they do not want to be involved in his death.'] ["The film is mostly based on a series of seven loosely related stories of couples on Hampstead Heath in north London, featuring an ensemble cast. The scenes appear out of sequence and jump back and forth between one story and another. Husband and wife Jamie  and Molly  are lying on the grass, discussing footballers and multiple orgasms. Molly notices Jamie staring at a pretty girl nearby, Sophie . When he is challenged about it, he pretends he was looking at the book the girl was reading, L'Etranger by Albert Camus. Immediately seeing through his lies, Molly questions Jamie about the book, who claims it is a western about a man who eventually becomes sheriff. In order to embarrass Jamie and expose him as a liar, she then approaches Sophie to question her about the book as well. Iris  and Eddie , an older couple, meet on a park bench, and start talking about London's skyline and wondering about the couple to whom the bench is dedicated. They discover that they both come to the same bench on different days of the week. They are both widowed. In talking about their past, they also discover that, nearly fifty years before, they had met romantically at that spot and that is why they both kept coming back. They walk off to climb to higher ground, bemoaning the difficulty with climbing hills as they get older. They are bemused by the irony of meeting again, and have mixed feelings as they no longer represent an idealized partner in each other's minds. They talk about seeing each other again, but Iris also decides to visit her ex-husband's grave, now appreciating more their time together. Anna , a disturbed young woman with extreme mood swings, is crying and arguing with her boyfriend Ludo , who eventually walks off. She is then approached by a young man, Noel  who, in a confused way, asks after her welfare and tries to make her laugh. She asks to be left alone, but he sits next to her and appears to meditate. His weird behaviour interests her and they strike up a conversation, but she becomes annoyed with him. She suddenly orders him to have sex with her right away but subsequently leaves him with his pants around his knees. Noel re-appears in the film several times as he chances upon other characters. Gay life-partners Billy  and Brian  are also lying on the grass, discussing other gay men and The Good Life. Billy has trouble giving up casual sex with other men, while Brian wants him to be faithful to him. They later talk about adopting children, which Billy wants but Brian doesn't. Billy promises to give up casual sex when the two adopt children, which convinces Brian to think about it. However, seconds later Billy runs off in pursuit of an attractive man who passed them. Peter Brian Maxwell  and Sara Louise Williams  meet on a different bench. It transpires that they are married and have a seven-year old daughter, Eve , but are getting divorced from each other. However, they have mixed feelings about this because they still care for each other. Louis  meets Esther  and discusses Louis' father's funeral. Louis presents Esther with tickets for a holiday in Barbados. They discuss a variety of issues like a traditional couple, but in the end it transpires that Esther is an escort and is paid for her time with Louis. Gerry  and Julia  sit on a rug enjoying some red wine and cheese. They stumble over modern terminology for ethnic minorities and not being, or appearing to be, racist. They talk about former relationships and children and, as they are both in their early forties, Julia worries that she will no longer be able. The two are on a blind date together - Julia's first. They seem to be getting along well until Julia's attention is briefly drawn towards Louis, who passes them. Insulted by this, Gerry decides to leave abruptly."] ['Professor Grady Tripp  is a novelist who teaches creative writing at an unnamed Pittsburgh university . He is having an affair with the university chancellor, Sara Gaskell , whose husband, Walter ([[Richard Thomas , is the chairman of the English department in which Grady is a professor. Grady\'s third wife, Emily, has just left him, and he has failed to repeat the grand success of his first novel, published years earlier. He continues to labor on a second novel, but the more he tries to finish it the less able he finds himself to invent a satisfactory ending - the book runs to over two and a half thousand pages and is still far from finished. He spends his free time smoking marijuana. His students include James Leer  and Hannah Green . Hannah and James are friends and both very good writers. Hannah, who rents a room in Tripp\'s large house, is attracted to Tripp, but he does not reciprocate. James is enigmatic, quiet, dark and enjoys writing fiction more than he first lets on. During a party at the Gaskells\' house, Sara reveals to Grady that she is pregnant with his child. Grady finds James standing outside holding what he claims to be a replica gun, won by his mother at a fairground during her schooldays. However, the gun turns out to be very real, as James shoots the Gaskells\' dog when he finds it attacking Grady. James also steals a very valuable piece of Marilyn Monroe memorabilia from the house. Grady is unable to tell Sara of this incident as she is pressuring him to choose between her and Emily. As a result, Grady is forced to keep the dead dog in the trunk of his car for most of the weekend. He also allows James to follow him around, fearing that he may be depressed or even suicidal. Gradually he realizes that much of what James tells him about himself and his life is untrue, and is seemingly designed to elicit Grady\'s sympathy. Meanwhile, Grady\'s editor, Terry Crabtree , has flown into town on the pretense of attending the university\'s annual WordFest, a literary event for aspiring authors. In reality, Crabtree is there to see if Tripp has written anything worth publishing, as both men\'s careers depend on Grady\'s upcoming book. Terry arrives with a transvestite whom he met on the flight, called Antonia Sloviak . The pair apparently become intimate in a bedroom at the Gaskells\' party, but immediately afterwards Terry meets, and becomes infatuated with, James when Sloviak is unceremoniously sent home. After a night on the town, Crabtree and James semi-consciously flirt throughout the night, which eventually leads up to the two spending an intimate night together in one of Grady\'s spare rooms. Tired and confused, Grady phones Walter and reveals to him that he is in love with Walter\'s wife. Meanwhile, Walter has also made the connection between the disappearance of Marilyn Monroe memorabilia and James. The following morning the Pittsburgh Police arrive with Sara to escort James to the Chancellor\'s office to discuss the ramifications of his actions. The memorabilia is still in Grady\'s car, which has conspicuously gone missing. This car had been given to him by a friend as payment for a loan, and over the weekend Grady has come to suspect that the car was stolen. Over the course of his travel around town, Grady has been repeatedly accosted by a man claiming to be the car\'s real owner. He eventually tracks the car down, but in a dispute over its ownership the majority of his manuscript blows out of the car and is lost. The car\'s owner gives him a ride to the university with his wife, Oola, in the passenger seat, with the stolen memorabilia. Grady finally sees that making things right involves having to make difficult choices. Grady tells Oola the story behind the memorabilia and allows her to leave with it. Worried that Grady\'s choice comes at the expense of damaging James\' future, Crabtree convinces Walter not to press charges by agreeing to publish his book, "a critical exploration of the union of Joe DiMaggio and Marilyn Monroe and its function in American mythopoetics", tentatively titled The Last American Marriage. The film ends with Grady recounting the eventual fate of the main characters - Hannah graduates and becomes a magazine editor; James wasn\'t expelled, but drops out and moves to New York with Crabtree to rework his novel for publication; and Crabtree himself "goes right on being Crabtree." Grady finishes typing his new novel , then watches Sara and their child arriving home before turning back to the computer and clicking "Save."'] ['Jude , a young shipyard worker from Liverpool, enlists in the Merchant Navy and jumps ship in New Jersey hoping to find his American G.I. father, whom he has never met ("Girl", "[[Helter Skelter . Meanwhile, Lucy Carrigan  worries about her boyfriend Daniel  who is headed for service in the Vietnam War, while in Dayton, Ohio, Prudence  pines for a fellow female cheerleader . Jude meets his father , who is a janitor at Princeton University, and befriends Lucy\'s brother, the privileged and rebellious student Max ([[Joe Anderson  . Lucy receives a letter from Daniel , but when Max brings Jude home with him for Thanksgiving Jude becomes attracted to Lucy . Max drops out of school and he and Jude move into a bohemian enclave in Greenwich Village, living with aspiring singer Sadie . Meanwhile, after his younger brother is killed in the 1967 Detroit riot ("[[Let It Be , Jojo  is seen leaving home and arriving by bus in New York City . While Jojo auditions for Sadie\'s band, Max becomes a taxi driver and Jude finds work as a freelance artist. They are soon joined by Prudence, who has hitchhiked to New York and left an abusive boyfriend. When Daniel is killed in Vietnam, Lucy decides to visit Max in New York before starting college . She and Jude fall in love , while Max is drafted into the army ("[[I Want You . Prudence is attracted to Sadie, and becomes depressed when Sadie and Jojo begin a relationship. Prudence locks herself in a closet and has to be coaxed out of the closet  by her friends , then disappears after wandering off during a peace rally at which Paco , the leader of the Students for a Democratic Republic , is a speaker. At a book function for existential drug guru Doctor Robert , Jude, Lucy, Jojo, Sadie and Max drink punch laced with LSD. They embark with Doctor Robert on his "Beyond" bus  and end up stranded outside the compound of psychonaut Dr. Frank Geary. They come across a strange circus led by Mr. Kite  and are reunited with Prudence, who has become a circus performer ("Being for the Benefit of Mr. Kite!", "[[Because . Back in New York, Sadie reluctantly agrees to her manager\'s demand that she drop her backing band, leading to a bitter breakup and musical split between herself and Jojo . Max is deployed to Vietnam, leading Lucy to become increasingly involved in the anti-war movement, especially with the SDR. Jude remains comparatively apolitical but devoted to Lucy . Jude dislikes the increasing amount of time that Lucy spends with the SDR and suspects that Paco is attempting to seduce Lucy, and this puts a strain on their relationship and affects Jude\'s art . Finally, Jude storms into the SDR office and points out the hypocrisy of the group\'s actions ("[[Revolution , leading to an argument with Lucy in which she leaves him . Jude follows Lucy to an anti-war demonstration at Columbia University  but when the police start arrest the protestors , Jude tries to help Lucy but is beaten by police and arrested ("[[Helter Skelter . Having been in the United States illegally and unable to legally prove that he is the son of an American citizen, Jude is deported back to England, where he returns to his old job at the Liverpool shipyards ("A Day in the Life . Jojo continues his music, playing solo guitar in bars, while on tour  Sadie drowns her sorrow and loneliness in alcohol. Max is wounded in Vietnam and sent home, psychologically scarred and dependent on morphine . Lucy continues her activities with the SDR, but finds herself caught up as Paco leads the movement deeper and deeper into violence. She finally leaves when she discovers that Paco is making bombs, but is surrounded by constant reminders of Jude and what they had shared ("[[Blackbird . One of Paco\'s homemade bombs explodes, killing him and his confederates and destroying the SDR offices; on reading this news in the local newspaper, Jude thinks that Lucy is dead, but upon learning from Max that she is alive he arranges to return to New York legally . Jojo and Sadie, who have reconciled, put on a rooftop concert, with Prudence as a member of their band ("[[Don\'t Let Me Down . Max brings Jude to the rooftop, but the police arrive to break up the concert and Lucy down on the street cannot get through the barricade. Jude manages to remain on the roof and sings "All You Need Is Love", and the police allow the band to accompany him. Max draws Jude\'s attention to an opposite rooftop where Lucy is standing and looking at him. Lucy and Jude gaze smilingly at each other across opposite rooftops as the performance concludes .'] ["After moving to Florida, Aileen Wuornos, a female prostitute, meets Selby Wall  in a gay bar. After initial hostility and declaring that she is not gay, Aileen talks to Selby over beers. Selby takes to Aileen almost immediately, as she likes that she is very protective of her. Selby invites her to spend the night with her. They return to the house where Selby is staying . They later agree to meet at a rollerskating rink and kiss for the first time. Though their passion and emotion is clear, they have nowhere to go and Selby goes home. After being raped and brutalized by Vincent Corey, Aileen kills him in self-defense and decides to quit prostitution. She confesses her action to Selby, while Selby has been angry with her for not succeeding in supporting the two of them. Eventually, unable to pay the bills, Aileen tries to find legitimate work, but, due to her lack of qualifications and past, prospective employers reject her, and are occasionally openly hostile to her. Desperate for money, she returns to her career as a prostitute. She continues to commit several acts of murder with intent to rob her victims, each killed in a more brutal way than last. She spares one man out of pity, when the man admits he has never had sex with a prostitute, but ultimately kills another man who, instead of exploiting her, offers help. Aileen uses the money she steals from her victims to indulge herself and Selby; the two of them drink in bars and eat in fancy restaurants. However, as Selby reads in the papers about the string of murders and begins to suspect that her girlfriend may have committed them, the two have a falling out and Selby returns to Ohio on a charter bus. Aileen is eventually arrested at a biker bar and speaks to Selby one last time while in jail. Selby reveals some incriminating information over the telephone and Aileen realizes that the police are listening in. To protect her lover, Aileen admits she committed the murders alone. During Aileen's trial, Selby testifies against her. Aileen is later convicted and sentenced to death."] ["Wai-Tung Gao and Simon are a happy gay couple living in Manhattan. Wai-Tung is in his late 20s, so his Taiwanese parents are eager to see him get married and have a child. The early part of the film is madcap comedy. When Wai-Tung's parents hire a dating service, he and Simon stall for time by inventing impossible demands. Chinese opera singers are always men, so they demand an opera singer and add that she must be very tall, must have two PhD's and should speak five languages. The service actually locates a 1.75 m  Chinese woman who sings Western opera, speaks five languages and has a single PhD. She is very gracious when Wai-Tung explains his dilemma, as she, too, is hiding a relationship . At Simon's insistence, Wai-Tung decides to get married to one of his tenants, Wei-Wei, a penniless artist from mainland China in need of a green card. Besides helping out Wei-Wei, Simon and Wai-Tung hope that this will placate Wai-Tung's parents. Mr. and Mrs. Gao decide to fly in from Taiwan, bringing US$30,000 to hold a magnificent wedding ceremony for their son. Wai-Tung dares not tell his parents the truth, because his father has just recovered from a stroke; they go through with the wedding. However, the heartbreak his mother experiences at the courthouse wedding prepares the story for a shift to drama. The only way to atone for the disgraceful wedding is a magnificent wedding banquet. After the banquet, Wei-Wei seduces the drunken Wai-Tung, and becomes pregnant. Simon is extremely upset when he finds out, and his relationship with Wai-Tung begins to deteriorate. In a moment of anger, after a fight with both Simon and Wei-Wei, Wai-Tung admits the truth to his mother. She is shocked and insists that he not tell his father. The perceptive Mr. Gao sees more than he is letting on; he secretly tells Simon that he knows about their relationship, and, appreciating the considerable sacrifices he made for his biological son, takes Simon as his son as well. Simon accepts the Hongbao from Wai-Tung's father, a symbolic admission of their relationship, but Mr. Gao makes him promise not to tell anyone; without everyone trying to lie to him, he points out, he'd never have gotten a grandchild. After making an appointment to have an abortion, Wei-Wei decides to keep the baby, and asks Simon to stay together with Wai-Tung and be the baby's other father. In the final parting scene, as Wai-Tung's parents prepare to fly home, Mrs. Gao has clearly forged an emotional bond to daughter-in-law Wei-Wei. Mr. Gao accepts Simon and warmly shakes his hand. In the end, both derive some happiness from the situation, and they walk off to board the aircraft, leaving the unconventional family to sort itself out."] ['Giles De\'Ath  is a British writer who doesn\'t use or understand anything modern. One day, he forgets his keys and locks himself out of his flat. It begins to rain, so he goes to see an E. M. Forster movie but, instead, accidentally enters the wrong theatre and sees the teen flick Hotpants College II starring Ronnie Bostock . He becomes instantly infatuated with Ronnie\'s beauty and obsessed with the young actor. He goes to his movies in the cinema, buys teen magazines and cuts out pictures of him, and buys a VCR and TV in order to play rented video tapes of his movies. He lets his housekeeper come into his office less and less, so that he can do these things undisturbed. As he becomes more and more infatuated, it becomes more obvious to those around him that Giles is becoming disturbed, though they don\'t know why. His friend and agent suggests that he take a holiday. Giles sets out to meet Ronnie in Long Island, New York. He flies to Long Island and takes a train to Ronnie\'s home town where he takes a motel room for several weeks. He searches the town for Ronnie - unsuccessfully at first - but finally spots Ronnie\'s girlfriend and follows her to the supermarket. Giles rams his shopping cart "accidentally" into the girlfriend and makes up a story about his god-daughter, Abigail, being in love with Ronnie. The girlfriend, Audrey , is seemingly glad to have found a fan-base for Ronnie in England, and spends the day talking to Giles. She then tells him that she and Ronnie will invite him over at another time, and they can talk about Ronnie\'s career. Eventually Giles becomes a regular visitor at Ronnie and Audrey\'s house. Ronnie is flattered by Giles, and Giles is able to stay longer in his presence by claiming that he will write a new script for Ronnie, one that better suits his acting abilities. Audrey becomes suspicious of Giles\'s motives regarding Ronnie, and she tells Giles that she is taking Ronnie to see her parents for an extended visit. Giles is very upset, and in a last-ditch effort, he confronts Ronnie and tells him how he feels about him. He says that many artists have had younger male lovers, and that Ronnie should split up with Audrey because it is obvious to him  that it won\'t last. Ronnie rejects Giles but seems genuinely concerned for him. Giles goes back to England, and from the cinema watches Ronnie\'s next film: another Hotpants College movie.'] ["Mickael  is from a poor working class family - his father Gérard  is a taxi cab driver who lost his license and then his job as a result of a police roadblock targeting drivers under the influence. His mother Annie  works as a cleaning woman in the high school gym: After this they have a tough time financially. Not a great student, Mickael excels in judo and his life is focused on his sport and on his girlfriend Vanessa . One of Mickael's teammates Clément  is from a wealthy family: his father Louis Steiner  uses a wheelchair and his mother Mathilde  is a woman of the world and society. Louis decides to sponsor the judo team, buys them outfits, and asks Mickael to work with Clement to perfect his technique and prepare the judo team for a French championship. Mickael and Clément relate well and while Mickael is a winning player, Clément is smarter and understands the intrinsic rules of the game better. An incident occurs that forces Mickael to take the position of a wounded team mate and in doing so he must lose eight kilos to qualify for the championship team. The struggle to lose weight  places stress on both Mickael and his family and teammates. Mickael and Vanessa include Clément in their camaraderie, a situation which evolves into a ménage à trois as the three have group sex in the after hours gym. Controversially, the two male stars show their genitals. Vanessa reacts as though this is the greatest physical feeling ever, Clément is smitten, and Mickael has troubling doubts. When the three decide to try it again in a hotel room Mickael is so conflicted that he does not join the other two, only listening to their cavorting in the bathtub feeling inferior to the smarter, wealthier Clément. But on the judo side, the team plays the championship and Mickael's delicate sense of self worth is restored for a moment. It is the manner in which the trio of teenagers resolve their antics that closes the film."] ['A married 19-year-old  named Marie Allen is sent to prison, after a botched armed robbery attempt with her equally young husband, Tom . While receiving her prison physical, she finds out that she is two months pregnant. Despite the hardships she is put through under Matron Evelyn Harper , she gives birth to a healthy baby and wants to "temporarily" grant full custody to her mother. The intent is to get the baby back after she is released. However, her mother informs Marie that her callous step-father has decided that under no circumstances will he allow the baby into his house, and she uses the excuses that she\'s "too old" and "hasn\'t a penny in [her] name" as reasons why she can\'t leave him and help Marie. The prison forces her to permanently give the child up for adoption. Marie never sees her baby again. After her exposure to hardened criminals and sadistic prison guards, by the end of the film she leaves prison a hardened woman with debts to the criminals who helped get her released from jail.'] ['Together is set in one of the communes that sprang up around Stockholm in the 1970s. Loosely led by the sweet-natured Göran, who will do anything to avoid a conflict, the group spend their time arguing about left-wing politics and other questions such as whether doing the dishes is bourgeois. The commune\'s dynamics are significantly shaken when Göran\'s sister leaves her violent husband Rolf and moves in, bringing her two children Eva and Stefan. Self-declared lesbian Anna lives in the commune with her ex-husband Lasse and their son Tet , who befriends Stefan. The two play games such as "torture the Pinochet victim" where, in the spirit of equality, they take turns at being Pinochet. Eva meanwhile befriends a lonely boy across the street; his family appears conventional on the surface but proves to be even more dysfunctional than the commune of which they so openly disapprove. The children are portrayed as sidelined by everyone in the film, from the new school where they are bullied to the parents who, while genuinely loving, are too busy experimenting with their own freedom to show it. Elisabeth\'s husband Rolf makes a concerted effort to clean up his act, although not before getting drunk and arrested, leaving his children stranded on a roadside after a disastrous meal in a Chinese restaurant. Further relationship problems are found with Klas, who is desperately in love with Lasse, and between Göran and his selfish and immature girlfriend, who wants the benefits of an open relationship but not the responsibilities. The film ends on a feel-good tone set to an ABBA song, showing  all of the characters seeming to find the love they need.'] ['Sex, love, lies, bed-hopping and mistaken identities abound in this pop musical-comedy set in Madrid. The gorgeous Paula breaks up with her boyfriend Pedro in order to continue her affair with Javier. The immature Javier however, is unwilling to break up with his current girlfriend Sonia, or confess to their affair to Pedro, who happens to be his best friend.'] ['Sheryl Hoover  is an overworked mother of two children who lives in Albuquerque, New Mexico. Her brother Frank  is a gay scholar of French author Marcel Proust, temporarily living at home with the family after a suicide attempt. Her husband Richard  is striving to build a career as a motivational speaker and life coach. Dwayne , Sheryl\'s son from a previous marriage, is an unhappy sixteen year old who has taken a vow of silence until he can accomplish his dream of getting into the US Air Force Academy in order to become a test pilot. Richard\'s foul-mouthed father, Edwin , a World War II veteran recently evicted from a retirement home for using heroin, lives with the family. He is close with his seven-year-old granddaughter, Olive . When Olive learns she has qualified for the "Little Miss Sunshine" beauty contest that is being held in Redondo Beach, California in two days, she is ecstatic. However, money is tight and due to various logistical issues, the only way to make the trip is if the entire household goes. Despite Richard, Dwayne, and Frank in particular not wanting to go, they all band together to support Olive and embark upon the 800-mile road trip in their antiquated yellow Volkswagen T2 Microbus. Family tensions play out during the journey, amidst the aging van\'s increasingly troublesome mechanical problems. When the van\'s clutch breaks early in the trip, the family discovers that they must push the van until it reaches 20 miles per hour and then run and jump in. Later, the horn starts honking unceasingly, resulting in the family getting pulled over. Throughout the road trip, the family suffers numerous personal setbacks, and discover their need for each other\'s support. Richard loses an important contract that would have jump-started his motivational business and saved the family from financial ruin. Frank encounters the ex-boyfriend who, in leaving him for Frank\'s chief academic rival , precipitated his suicide attempt. Edwin dies from an apparent heroin overdose. In order to reach their destination in time, the family smuggles his body out of the hospital, , planning to make funeral arrangements after the pageant. During the final stretch of the trip, Dwayne discovers that he is color blind, and therefore can never get a pilot\'s license, which prompts him to break his silence, refusing to continue with the trip and revealing his anger and disdain for his family. He storms from the van in tears, but is calmed down by a hug from Olive and returns to the family, apologizing for the things he yelled.  After a frantic race against the clock, Olive is almost refused entrance to the pageant for arriving at the hotel four minutes late. As she gets ready, the family observes the other competitors: slender, sexualized little girls with highly styled hair, heavily made-up faces, spray tans, adult-like sexy swimsuits, and glamorous evening wear, performing highly elaborate dance, musical, and gymnastic routines with great panache. It quickly becomes apparent that Olive  is not in their league. As Olive\'s turn to perform in the talent portion of the pageant draws near, Richard and Dwayne recognize that Olive is certain to be humiliated and, wanting to spare her feelings, run to the dressing room to prevent her from performing. Sheryl, however, insists that they "let Olive be Olive", and Olive decides to go on stage. She joyfully performs the dance routine that her Grandpa Edwin had secretly choreographed for her: a burlesque performance to Rick James\' song "Super Freak", innocently oblivious to the scandalized and horrified reaction of the audience. The organizers are enraged and demand Sheryl and Richard remove Olive from the stage. Instead, one by one the members of the family join Olive on stage, dancing alongside her, and Richard prevents pageant officials from touching his daughter. The family is next seen outside the hotel\'s security office where a police officer tells them they are free to leave as long as Olive never again enters a beauty pageant in the state of California. Richard tells Olive that her grandfather would be very proud of her, and the family happily piles into the ramshackle bus and heads back to their home in Albuquerque.'] ['All her life, Isabella has suffered from motion sickness. Because of her illness she couldn\'t play much with other children. She stayed at home and learned how to cook, becoming a renowned chef as an adult. She fell in love with Toninho and they opened a restaurant together, with Isabella stuck in the kitchen and Toninho out front taking the credit. The only way for Isabella to control her motion sickness is to control her motion. She must drive, take stairs instead of elevators, lead while dancing and must be on top during sex. Toninho feels emasculated by this and has an affair with a neighbor. Isabella flees Brazil for San Francisco and her friend Monica, an African-American transsexual who spent her early years in Isabella\'s fishing community in Salvador. Despite old job offers from a number of restaurants, Isabella is unable to find a job until she takes over a cooking class at a local culinary school. Cliff, a neighbor and local television producer, smells her cooking, follows her to class and signs her to host a live cooking show, Passion Food. She makes Monica her assistant on the show. Isabella performs a sacrifice to Yemanja, a Brazilian sea goddess, to harden her heart and make her never love Toninho again. Back in Brazil, Toninho\'s restaurant is foundering without Isabella. Toninho curses Yemanja and the fishermen stop catching any fish. He figures out that Isabella has gone to Monica and follows her to San Francisco. He spots her on television and tracks her to the studio. With a group of local street musicians, Toninho sneaks into the studio and onto the set, serenading Isabella on the live broadcast. Cliff hires Toninho and the musicians for the show over Isabella\'s objections. Isabella pursues a relationship with Cliff but Toninho continues trying to win her back. Network executives offer to syndicate Isabella\'s show nationally, but only after demanding a number of changes, including firing Monica. With the restaurant closed, Toninho apologizes to Yemanja, but tells her to "stay out of [his] business" with Isabella. He quits the show and makes another attempt to win back Isabella. Isabella goes after him but has to take an elevator, and her motion sickness slows her enough to allow Toninho to depart. Isabella also quits the show rather than accept the changes demanded by the network. Isabella, with her love still gone but now wanting it returned, tries to cook another sacrifice to Yemanja but finds her cooking talent is gone. Undaunted, Monica substitutes some boxed macaroni and cheese. Isabella makes the second offering but nearly drowns. She has a vision of Yemanja, who rejects her new offering. Isabella goes to collect her things from the television studio. Toninho, sent by Monica, shows up and suggests they cook something together. As they cook, the fish return to the village waters and Yemanja returns Isabella\'s original offering along with her love for Toninho. The film closes with Toninho and Isabella operating a new restaurant as equal partners and with Cliff and Monica as a couple.'] [' In a post-apocalyptic setting, following a global war and the collapse of civilization after the Earth\'s oil supplies were nearly exhausted, barbaric anarchy has become the world\'s everyday law. Max Rockatansky, traumatised by the death of his family, roams the desert in a scarred, black supercharged V-8 Pursuit Special, scavenging for food and petrol. His only companions are an Australian Cattle Dog, and a rare functioning firearm – a sawn-off shotgun – for which ammunition is very scarce. After driving off a gang of marauders led by the unhinged biker warrior Wez, Max collects the petrol from one of their wrecked vehicles and moves on to check a nearby autogyro for fuel. The autogyro is boobytrapped, but Max overpowers the pilot hiding nearby; in exchange for his own life, the pilot tells Max about a small oil refinery nearby in the wasteland. Max arrives just as the marauders, a motley collection of cars and motorbikes, besiege the compound. Their leader, a large, muscular man with a hockey mask over his disfigured face called "The Humungus", tries to convince the settlers to surrender the facility in exchange for safe passage out of his territory. A group of settlers attempt to break out of the compound, but the marauders capture, torture, rape and kill them. Max makes a deal with the remaining survivor, mortally wounded: bring the settler back to the compound in exchange for a tank of petrol. The man dies shortly after Max returns him, and the settlers\' leader reneges on the deal; the settlers are on the verge of killing Max when the marauders return, and Humungus repeats his offer. Max offers another deal to Papagallo: he will retrieve an abandoned Mack semi-truck, capable of hauling the tanker trailer that the settlers use to store the fuel they refine, in exchange for petrol and his freedom. The settlers accept, but keep his car. Max sneaks out, joining forces with the autogyro pilot. Max drives the semi back to the compound, evading Humungus\' men. The settlers want Max to escape with the group, but Max opts to collect his petrol and leave. However, his attempt to break through the siege fails: Wez gives chase in The Humungus\'s nitrous oxide-equipped car and runs Max off of the road, wrecking his Pursuit Special and seriously wounding him. The marauders kill Max\'s dog with a crossbow and attempt to siphon the fuel from the Pursuit Special\'s tanks, but trigger an explosive booby trap that destroys the car. Max is left for dead, but the gyro pilot rescues him and flies him back to the compound. Despite his injuries, Max insists on driving the repaired truck with the fuel tanker. He leaves the compound in the now heavily armored truck, accompanied by a feral child he has befriended, and with several settlers in armored vehicles providing protection. The Humungus and most of his warriors pursue the tanker, leaving the remaining settlers free to flee the compound in a ramshackle caravan. Papagallo and the settlers defending the tanker are killed during the chase, and the gyro captain is shot down. Max and the Feral Kid find themselves alone against the marauders, who continue their pursuit. Wez boards the truck to kill the two, but a head-on collision with Humungus\' car kills both Wez and Humungus. Max loses control of the tanker, and it rolls off the road. As the injured Max carries the Feral Kid from the wrecked tanker, he sees not oil, but sand, leaking from the tank. The truck and its trailer are revealed to be a decoy, allowing the other settlers to escape with the precious fuel in oil drums inside their vehicles. With Papagallo dead, the gyro captain succeeds him as their chief and leads the settlers to the coast, where they establish the "Great Northern Tribe". Max remains alone in the desert, once again becoming a drifter, leaving the Feral Kid  reminiscing about him.'] ['Celeste Talbert, the longtime star of the popular daytime drama The Sun Also Sets, is targeted by costar Montana Moorehead; Montana connives to supplant Celeste as the show\'s star by promising sexual favors to its producer, David Seton Barnes. To make the audience hate Celeste\'s character, Montana and David come up with a last-minute plot change in which she will accidentally kill a young, destitute deaf-mute, played by the newly-cast Lori Craven. Despite the strong objections of Head Writer Rose Schwartz and Celeste herself, the scene plays out, but is interrupted by Celeste\'s recognition of Lori as her real-life niece. Network honcho Edmund Edwards sees potential in the relationship and makes Lori a regular cast member, as Celeste tries to talk her niece out of an acting career. Montana and David seek to further unnerve Celeste by bringing back Jeffrey Anderson, an actor who had been fired from The Sun Also Sets  decades before after his romantic relationship with Celeste had gone sour. Bitter at being reduced to performing dinner theater for uninterested seniors in Florida, Jeffrey relishes the chance to needle Celeste. Outwardly despising Jeffrey but perhaps still harboring some feelings for him, Celeste is horrified as he and the much-younger Lori develop a close friendship. In dramatic fashion, Celeste stops a scripted onscreen kiss between Lori and Jeffrey by revealing that Lori is actually her daughter by Jeffrey. On camera, Celeste explains that she had been responsible for getting Jeffrey fired because of the pregnancy, and had passed Lori off as her niece due to pressure from the network. Despite renewed interest in the show and Lori\'s burst of sudden fame due to this "storyline," all three actors, furious with each other, demand "They go or I go!" A decision is made by the network, and the actors head into a live episode in which they will read their lines from a teleprompter to keep secret until the last minute who will be written off. It is revealed that Lori\'s character has "brain fever" and will die; still hoping to be rid of Celeste, Montana ad-libs and suggests that a brain transplant can save her. In character, Celeste immediately plays along, offering her own brain for the operation. Touched by the sacrifice, Lori asks Celeste not to leave the show, and softens to her newfound parents. Montana is publicly ruined by Rose who, with the help of vengeful Ariel Maloney, reveals the secret that Montana was once a man named Milton Moorehead. David is horrified. Later, Celeste, Jeffrey, and Lori win soap opera awards as Milton performs dinner theater at Jeffrey\'s former venue.'] [';Yeter\'s Death Retired widower Ali Aksu , a Turkish immigrant living in the German city of Bremen, believes he has found a solution to his loneliness when he meets a Turkish prostitute, Yeter Öztürk . He offers her a monthly payment to stop working as a prostitute and move in with him. After receiving threats from two Turkish Muslims, she decides to accept his offer. Ali\'s son Nejat , a professor of German literature, does not have time to respond to the prospect of living with a woman of "easy virtue" before Ali is stricken with a heart attack. He softens to her: he learns that she sends shoes to Turkey for her 27-year-old daughter and wishes that her daughter receive an education like his. Back home from the hospital, Ali suspects that the other two may have become lovers. When his drunken demands of Yeter make her threaten to leave, he strikes her and she dies from the blow. Ali is sent to prison. Nejat travels to Istanbul to search for Yeter\'s daughter, Ayten , and assume responsibility for her education. Unable to locate her through her family, he posts flyers of Yeter throughout the area in the hopes that it will lead to the daughter. When he posts a flyer in a small German language bookstore that happens to be for sale, he finds himself charmed into buying it. ;Lotte\'s Death A plainclothes officer loses his gun on the street during a riot. A hooded figure scoops it up and is pursued on foot by a battalion of uniformed officers, barely managing to hide the contraband on a random rooftop. This is Ayten, a member of a Turkish Communist resistance group. When her cell is raided, she flees Turkey and takes up a new identity with political allies in Bremen, Germany. However, even there, she has a falling out when she is unable to pay her debts, and thus finds herself on the street with barely a euro to her name. Her mother\'s number is lost, so she lives illegally and searches for her in local shoe shops. Lotte, a university student, offers to help her with food, clothes, and a place to stay—a gesture which is not particularly welcomed by her mother, Susanne. Ayten and Lotte become lovers and Lotte decides to help Ayten search for her mother. The quest is cut short when a traffic stop exposes Ayten\'s illegal status and she attempts a claim of political asylum. Despite Susanne\'s financial support, Germany rules that Ayten has no legitimate fear of political persecution. She\'s deported and immediately imprisoned. Lotte is devastated. She travels to Turkey to try to free Ayten, but quickly realizes how little hope there is, as she is facing 15 to 20 years in jail. Susanne pleads with her to think of her future and return home. When Lotte refuses, her mother refuses to assist her further. Lotte gravitates to Nejat\'s bookstore and ends up renting a spare room from him. Finally granted a prison visit with Ayten, Lotte follows her imprisoned lover\'s request and retrieves the handgun Ayten grabbed in the riot. But Lotte\'s bag, with the gun inside, is snatched by a crew of boys that she then chases through their neighborhood. When finally she finds them in a vacant lot, one of them is inspecting the gun. She demands he return it, but he points it at her and fires, killing her instantly. ;The Edge of Heaven  Upon his release, Ali is deported to Turkey, returning to his property in Trabzon on the Black Sea coast. After her daughter\'s death, Susanne goes to Istanbul to see where her daughter had been living the past few months. She meets Nejat and reads her daughter\'s diary; she decides to take on her daughter\'s mission of freeing Ayten from prison. Susanne\'s visit to Ayten—an offer of forgiveness and support—leads the younger woman to exercise her right of repentance. As a result, she wins her freedom. Susanne asks Nejat about the story behind a Bayram they notice, learning that it commemorates Ibrahim\'s sacrifice of his son Ishmael. She comments that there is the same story in the Bible, where Abraham is asked to sacrifice his son Isaac. Nejat reminisces about being scared by the story as a child and asking his father if he would sacrifice him if God told him to. When asked by Susanne what his father\'s answer was, Nejat tells her that his father said "He would make God his enemy in order to protect me". Nejat removes the poster of Yeter from the shop\'s noticeboard. He asks Susanne to look after his shop while he is gone, and drives to Trabzon where his father is living. Susanne offers Ayten a place to stay with her at Nejat\'s house. When Nejat arrives in Trabzon, his father is out fishing, so he waits for him on the beach.'] ['Adrian LeDuc  is the owner of a revival house in Buenos Aires. Adrian is emotionally repressed, prone to suspicion and paranoia, devoted to old movies and to his mother, who resides in a nursing home, suffering from dementia. Adrian visits her frequently, holding conversations which as her illness progresses become increasingly one-sided. Adrian is a tenant in a rundown apartment building; he lives in apartment 10, although the 1 is missing from his door . Apart from his mother, the core of his emotional life is movies--specifically classic American movies and stars. Apartment Zero opens with a shot of Adrian in his theater, watching the final scene of Touch of Evil. As his theater, Cine York, loses more and more money, Adrian advertises for a roommate to share his apartment. After several unsatisfactory applicants he meets the handsome, charming, and macho American Jack Carney . Adrian is clearly attracted to Jack and Jack is clearly aware of it. Jack agrees to take the room. They quickly settle into a domestic routine, with Adrian taking over laundry and cooking duties for Jack and Jack joining Adrian for films at his cinema. They also begin to bond emotionally. In contrast to Adrian\'s standoffishness, Jack establishes relationships with several of the neighbors, a rather odd bunch. Adrian, upset and jealous, lashes out at Jack, telling him that the neighbors aren\'t to be trusted. Despite Adrian\'s jealousy Jack continues to socialize with several of them, including becoming sexually involved with a female neighbor . Claudia, the ticket seller at Adrian\'s cinema, is involved with a political committee that\'s investigating a series of murders that bear a striking resemblance to those committed by members of death squads that operated in Argentina dating back to the 1970s. Adrian learns that Jack has been lying about being employed with a local computer company and becomes paranoid that Jack is spying on him but at the same time terrified that Jack will leave him. He searches Jack\'s room and finds a number of photographs of Jack in paramilitary garb. When Jack returns, a highly agitated Adrian begs him, "If that\'s a mask, either take it off now or leave it on forever." Jack calms him but his own suspicions are aroused when he realizes that Adrian\'s been in his room. Despite being himself apolitical, Adrian allows Claudia\'s committee to use his theatre to view footage of death squad members. Adrian watches some of it and is horrified to see the same sign in the film as appeared in some of the photos of Jack he\'d found earlier. Jack, realizing that Adrian is growing more suspicious, falsifies Adrian\'s passport and prepares to leave Argentina. Unfortunately for him, the passport is expired and he can\'t leave. Jack picks up a gay man at the airport and goes to a hotel with him, where he murders him for his passport--but then makes a hash of trying to paste his own photos into the dead man\'s passport. Meanwhile, Adrian is devastated by the death of his mother. Claudia spots Jack in a death squad photo. He\'s identified as "Michael Weller" and listed as dead, but was identified only by his papers and a ring. Adrian gets drunk and creates a disturbance in his apartment, concerning his neighbors. The following morning a television report of the murder of a young man ironically leads the neighbors to think that Adrian has done something to Jack. That evening, the neighbors confront Adrian, forcing their way into his apartment and physically attacking him. Jack--unsuccessful in solving his passport problem--returns just then and soothes and tends to the badly injured Adrian. As Adrian attends his mother\'s funeral, Claudia comes to the apartment and recognizes Jack. Adrian returns to find Claudia dead at Jack\'s hands. Jack tries to charm him, telling him "let me clean up and I\'ll put the mask back on, OK?" A clearly unhinged Adrian, as terrified of losing Jack as he is horrified by the murder, helps Jack dispose of the body. On the way out they run into one of the neighbors and Jack says he\'s leaving for California in the morning. After they dump the body, Adrian suggests they really go to California together and Jack enthusiastically agrees. Back at the apartment Adrian changes his mind and goes for Jack\'s gun in the living room. Jack comes out of his room and Adrian runs back toward his. Jack realizes what\'s happening and they both go for the gun. Jack gets the upper hand and begins strangling Adrian, but can\'t go through with it and lets him up. Adrian again goes for the gun and he and Jack struggle again. With the gun pointed at him and with Adrian\'s finger on the trigger, Jack says "Do it" and the gun goes off. Some days after, Adrian is having dinner when a neighbor comes to the door seeking Jack\'s address in California. Adrian says he hasn\'t heard from him and shuts the door. He returns to the table and pours two glasses of wine, one for himself and one for Jack\'s corpse, which he has kept and sat at the table. The final scene shows Adrian\'s cinema, with a fairly large crowd--all men--pouring out--apparently the lean days are over. That\'s because the cinema is now a porn theater. And we see Adrian, who has never throughout the film gone out in public without a suit and tie , leaving the building wearing a tee-shirt and Jack\'s black leather jacket, smoking a cigarette--all just as Jack used to do.'] ["The farce is set in a gay bathhouse in Manhattan, where unsuspecting heterosexual Cleveland businessman Gaetano Proclo has taken refuge from his homicidal mobster brother-in-law, Carmine Vespucci. There Gaetano stumbles across an assortment of oddball characters, including a rabid chubby chaser, go-go boys, a squeaky-voiced detective, and Googie Gomez, a third-rate Puerto Rican entertainer with visions of Broadway glory who mistakes him for a famous producer and whom he mistakes for a man in drag. Further complications arise when Gaetano's wife Vivian tracks him down and jumps to all the wrong conclusions about his sexual preferences."] ["Albert  is the chauffeur and lover for a wealthy pianist, Sills . When Sills finds another chauffeur/lover, Albert is forced onto the streets of Los Angeles. Stella  is a real estate agent who knows Sills and Albert as repeated rental clients. She finds Albert squatting in one of her properties and she offers Albert to spend the night at her house on the couch. The next day, she goes to work, expecting Albert to move out, but instead Albert cleans her cluttered house and cooks a fantastic dinner. Without verbally acknowledging it, they agree that Albert can stay longer and perform domestic duties while Stella continues working. Albert also gets a part-time job as a valet. The next night, Stella has a date with Chris . Only when the two of them kiss does Albert realize Stella is a lesbian. Chris spends the night. In the middle of the night, Phyllis , another lover of Stella, storms into the house and finds Stella in bed with Chris. Stella apologizes to Phyllis and they do not break off their relationship. In the meantime, Albert has found a new lover, Roger , that he met at the baths. Though they continue their separate homosexual relationships, Stella and Albert find that they enjoy spending more time with each other than anyone else. Stella's parents visit one day and come under the impression that she and Albert are dating. One day, immigration agents arrive asking for Albert, who is an illegal alien from Belgium. Stella marries him to prevent his deportation. On Albert's birthday, when they are both drunk, they have sex for the first time and enjoy it. From then on, they sleep in the same bed and begin acting like a heterosexual married couple. Stella becomes pregnant and eventually tells Phyllis, who has been distraught about how infrequently she sees Stella. Phyllis becomes suicidal, so Stella and Albert break into her apartment and find her with a gun. She threatens to kill Stella and fires, but the gun is not loaded. Phyllis bursts into tears. Later the baby is born and they move into a new house. Albert begins a job as an apprentice fashion designer and Stella puts her job on hold to raise the baby. Stella becomes jealous that Albert may be having a homosexual affair with his boss, Ned . She sneaks into Albert's workplace late one evening after an office party and finds Albert naked in the shower not with Ned, but with a female model. Stella moves out of their home with the baby and threatens a divorce. Albert tries to apologize numerous times and gives one final try when Stella is showing a property to a client. When she doesn't accept him again, he drives away. She changes her mind, but before she can say anything, he crashes his motorcycle into a tree. She runs over, full of tears, but he is not seriously hurt."] ["The Gay Deceivers follows Danny and Elliot, two friends who try to get out of the draft by pretending to be gay. They're placed under surveillance by the Army and have to keep up the pretense. They move into a gay apartment building and try to blend in with the residents, all the while trying to maintain their romantic relationships with women and not get caught by the Army. The twist is that even after the pair is caught, they aren't inducted. The Army investigators assigned to watch them are themselves gay and are trying to keep straight people out of the Army."] ['Chris & Don tells the story of a romance that began on the beaches of Santa Monica in the 1950s, when Christopher Isherwood at age 48 met Don Bachardy who then was eighteen years old. Isherwood, an established author with works such as The Berlin Stories, which helped inspire much of Cabaret, helped Bachardy discover and develop his affinity for drawing and painting as he became a renowned portrait painter during the second half of the 20th century to the present. The documentary includes insight from friends, including Liza Minnelli and John Boorman, who tell of the countless struggles the two faced as one of the first openly gay couples in Hollywood. Despite the age difference, the couple endured until Isherwood succumbed to prostate cancer in 1986.'] ["China, 2007. Spring. The protagonist is a private investigator hired to spy on a man who is having an affair with another man. However, the investigator becomes entangled in a love triangle with the boyfriend of the man he's investigating and his own girlfriend."] ['When shy and introspective Mary arrives as a new student at an all-girls boarding school, she shares a dorm room with Paulie and Victoria . In contrast to the timid Mary, outspoken Paulie is full of life. For example, at one point she turns a quiet afternoon on the campus into a music-blasting dance party and spikes the punch. In an effort to break Mary out of her shell, Paulie and Tori involve her in their activities, such as running in the morning. When Mary\'s roommates learn that her mother recently died, Paulie nicknames her "Mary Brave." Mary observes the intimacy between her two roommates. Peering out a window at night, she sees them kissing on a roof. She notes the closeness of Paulie and Tori\'s relationship. At first, she thinks that they are practicing kissing in order to prepare themselves for kissing males. She then realises the nature of their romance. This also manifests itself in Paulie coming to Torie\'s rescue. For example, Paulie defends Victoria from a frustrated math teacher who unintentionally humiliates her when she does not understand a mathematical equation. Over time, Paulie and Tori become more comfortable showing affection in front of Mary. It progresses from a quick kiss on the lips in front of her to the two sharing a bed while they think Mary is sleeping. At first, Mary is shy about sharing a room with the two lovers and feels like an intruder. After a few days, she finds their kissing and murmuring comforting and familiar. When the three are running one day, Paulie comes across a hurt falcon, which she befriends. After reading up on falcons, she trains the animal and becomes obsessed with caring for it as she believes that something untoward has happened to its parents. While Paulie tends to the orphaned falcon, Mary and Tori meet some boys from the nearby boys\' school. One of the boys, Jake, flirts with Tori, asking if she will be attending her brother\'s 18th birthday party and making it clear that he is interested in her. When Mary and Tori are alone, Tori expresses disgust at the boy\'s interest in her, saying, "He liked my tits." When Mary asks if she\'ll go to the party, Tori says, "And have all those gross guys groping me? No, thanks. I\'d rather stay home and do math." One morning, Victoria\'s sister, Allison , and her friends rush into the room to wake up the older girls. Paulie is lying in Tori\'s bed, both naked. Allison and the other girls are shocked. Mary pushes Tori\'s sister out of the room and closes the door. After the younger girls leave, Tori, her head in her hands, decides at that moment to end whatever intimate relationship she had with Paulie, who claims that she loves her. Tori refuses outright, saying, \'No! You don\'t know Allison. She\'ll get hysterical and tell my dad.\' Tori then angrily tells Paulie to get out of her bed. Paulie tries to downplay the situation, and Tori tells her she does not understand, explaining that her sister will tell her parents about it. When confronted by Allison, Tori tries to extinguish her sister\'s suspicions by telling her Paulie has an unrequited crush on her and crawled into her bed. Her sister promises to "fix" the rumors about Tori and not tell their parents anything. As she walks away from this conversation, Victoria collapses into tears. In the library, Victoria explains to Mary that her family, her parents and her sister, are strongly opposed to homosexuality, and she must stop the relationship to prevent their rejection. Mary sympathizes with both of her friends, as she too feels rejected by her father, who does not bother to show up to a father/daughter dance. In the forest at night, Tori and Jake have sex against a tree. Both Mary and Paulie accidentally witness this scene and run back to their room before Tori returns. When Tori returns to the room, Paulie asks her where she\'s been and Tori says she was with a friend. Paulie lashes out at her by telling her that she saw what Tori and Jake were doing in the woods. In a very poignant moment, Tori tells Paulie that the intimacy that they had shared will never happen again but she  would always love her. Paulie degenerates into psychotic behavior over Tori\'s withdrawal from the relationship. She smashes a mirror and hurls a dish cart to the ground and begins to act out in other ways. A rejection letter from the agency that handled Paulie\'s adoption, which informs her that her birth mother denied a request from Paulie to get in touch, further sends her over the edge. Meanwhile, Victoria creates an image of heterosexuality to her friends and her sister, dating Jake Hollander ([[Luke Kirby  from a nearby all-boys school and avoiding Paulie. Paulie declares a duel to the death with Jake. Jake is not taking her seriously until he ends up on the ground, with Paulie brandishing a sword above him. She demands that he give up Tori. When he refuses, she stabs him in the leg. Mary rushes to stop her and Paulie runs off. Mary runs to Victoria\'s soccer match, where the headmistress, math teacher and fellow students are congregated. Upon reaching the group, Mary sees Paulie, sobbing from the top of a building while holding her falcon. Whispering "I rush into the secret house," a reference to Shakespeare on suicide, Paulie jumps to her death and the movie ends with the falcon flying in the background.  {{Expand section}} *Tori and Paulie have a lesbian relationship; in the novel, Paulie does not personally identify as female or lesbian. *Mouse never pretends to be a boy in the film. *The theme of masculinity is underplayed in the film, whereas, in the novel, Paulie wanting to be masculine and Mouse\'s need for a man\'s freedom are more prominent. *A major theme of the novel is "Paulie\'s crime", murder, which is entirely absent from the film. *In the book, Mary is described many times as having a spinal malformation which affects her ability to walk normally, and gives her a hunchbacked appearance.'] ['Working class Ellen  makes friends with her young son’s middle-class schoolteacher, Miss Thompson , and their growing lesbian relationship is tastefully explored as Ellen’s marriage to the clumsy factory worker, Hardy ([[Andrew Dunn , gradually falls apart. In the end Ellen finds the strength to follow her true path and her marriage is pretty much over. Because of the stifling social attitudes of the 1950s she and Hardy seem like they’ll pretend to still be together. The film closes on a happy note as Ellen catches a train away from the factory town where she lives, to spend time with Kathy.'] ["Ottar Thor is the star player of the Icelandic football team KR . He is a well liked player who causes a stir when he admits being gay to his team mates and then goes on a journey to discover himself . He soon finds himself on the bench for most of his team's matches and decides to call it quits with KR. He joins a small amateur team mainly made up of men like himself - gay guys trying to play soccer in a straight world. The director of KR, who happens to be Ottar Thor's dad, tries everything in his power to persuade Ottar to come back and play for his team, but the catch is that he needs to get himself back into the closet before playing pro football again. A struggle between father and son starts. Ottar Thor also has a son, a teenager that is not coping too well with all the attention his dad is getting, for all the wrong reasons. Ottar Thor finally gives into his father and returns to KR on the condition that KR plays one match against the gay team. His father accepts this condition, not realising that the match will take place on Gay Pride Day."] ['Alim is a young gay man. Born in Kenya and raised in Toronto, he moved to London to get away from his conservative upbringing. He faces the hardships of coming out to his mother Nuru, as well as hardships in his relationship with his boyfriend Giles. Alim has an imaginary friend  who is supposedly Cary Grant, who gives Alim advice when Alim is in trouble. Unfortunately, the advice often seems to make more trouble.'] ["Gia Carangi  is a Philadelphia native who moves to New York City to become a fashion model and immediately catches the attention of powerful agent Wilhelmina Cooper . Gia's attitude and beauty help her rise quickly to the forefront of the modeling industry, but her persistent loneliness after the death of Wilhelmina drives her to experiment with mood-altering drugs like cocaine. She becomes entangled in a passionate affair with Linda , a make-up artist. Their love affair first starts when both pose nude and make love to each other after a photo shoot. However, after a while Linda begins to worry about Gia's drug use and gives her an ultimatum: Gia chooses the drugs. Failed attempts at reconciliation with Linda and with her mother, Kathleen , drive Gia to begin abusing heroin. Although she is eventually able to break her drug habit after much effort, she has already contracted HIV from a needle containing infected blood and dies from complications from AIDS in 1986 at the age of 26."] ['Yossi  commands a company of soldiers in the snow-covered mountains near Lebanon. In secrecy, he leads a passionate romantic relationship with his second-in-command officer, Lior , who is called Jagger by everyone for his rock star-like handsomeness and his lip-syncing Mick Jagger. The pair, Yossi and Jagger, lead a loving, yet secret life together, venturing off to be alone and open with one another. One day, a colonel  arrives at the base with two female soldiers, one of whom he immediately sleeps with in the bunker. The other one, Yaeli , is very interested in Jagger, while she refuses the sexual advances of Ofir , who tries to make clear to her that Jagger is not particularly interested in her. The colonel is there to supervise a night-time ambush, of which Yossi is resentful because of the full moon, and also because he fears for his soldiers\' safety. And indeed Jagger is fatally injured that night, dying in the arms of his lover, who only now is able to articulate his love for him. At the funeral reception at Jagger\'s parents\' house, Jagger\'s mother mistakes Yaeli for his girlfriend. She laments that she knew very little about her son, including his favorite song, which only Yossi is able to tell her was "Bo" sung by Rita. The song was also sung by Ivri Lider.'] ['When young Glaswegian cook Nina Shah  returns home for her father\'s funeral after three estranged years in London, England, she begins a romantic relationship with Lisa , an old childhood friend who now owns half the late father\'s Indian restaurant, The New Taj. Together they seek to save the restaurant by winning the national "Best in the West Curry Competition" for a third time. Nina\'s mother Suman  and brother Kary , however, want to sell the place to fellow restaurateur Raj , whose chef son Sanjay  had been left at the altar by Nina. Lending the young women moral support is Nina\'s flamboyant gay friend Bobbi , and Nina\'s younger sister Priya .'] ["The film revolves around Alicia , a video artist, her live-in boyfriend Craig , a journalist and frustrated actor, and David , Alicia's best friend and a gay performance artist. Through a series of telephone calls and coffee shop conversations, Craig and Alicia split up and Craig and David take tentative steps toward a relationship.Levy, pp. 467—68"] ["Set at the Manhattan memorial service for Andre Gerard, who died of AIDS and was buried in Dallas several weeks earlier, the story focuses on his mother Katherine's inability to come to terms with his death or share her grief with Cal, the young man's lover. Her rage is directed not only at the man she never accepted and her own mother, who was less judgmental of her grandson's life, but at Andre himself as well."] ["According to the film, prisoners in the United States are incarcerated in men's or women's prisons depending on their biological sex , and not their gender identity. As a result, pre-operative trans women are incarcerated in men's prisons, and trans men in women's prisons.{{Cite web | title  Outcast Films | date  http://www.outcast-films.com/films/cu/background.html | accessdate off>{{Cite web}}"] ['Lisette Linares  is a young mother of three children, married to Chino , a bicycle messenger. Although he is always reliable as the breadwinner of the family, Chino is having an affair with the neighborhood tramp, Magdalena . One summer evening, a blackout sweeps the neighborhood, and Chino finds himself in jail after being arrested for looting. Faced now with the reality of keeping her family together with the main breadwinner in jail, Lisette, with the encouragement of her transexual sister Alexis , decides to give her dream of becoming a print model a chance. As she happens to be in the right place at the right time, Lisette lands a job as the personal assistant to a major record label producer , who is trying to sign a major Latin music group .'] ['This is the coming of age story of Nate Merritt , who stuck in bad relationships with his fiancee and mother decides to enlist in the military, although he is not sure. In the midst of all this turmoil in his life, he meets Andy Forte , a carefree gay guy, and the two immediately strike a cord and become soul mates trying to help each other through their dilemmas and troubled youths. Both men have domineering mothers and live in broken families. Nate\'s mother Deb  is a single mother who hides the real identity of the father Gene  from her son, although the alcoholic Gene still continues to live a destitute life in the vicinity in a one-room shack surviving on permanent disability cheques and doing odd jobs on the side. Andy\'s divorced mother Louise  is a former actress that had to leave everything behind to take care of Andy and Andy\'s son Travis blaming her son for her own predicament of a stay-home caretaker considering Andy an almost absent irresponsible father. Nate has to deal with Trish Huddle  a philandering fiancee, who is anxious to conceive a son from any military guy, almost guiding Nate step by step in the mechanics of a sexual ritual to achieve this. She has no qualms to have intercourse in Nate\'s own residence during his absence with other married military men to achieve having the desired boy as Nate discovers when he calls in home unexpectedly. Meanwhile Nate wants desperately to find his real father, despite grave objections from his mother. He is led to think his father is a married military man called Mark Dessau , who had a long-term relationship with Deb, Nate\'s mother. Meanwhile Andy is fighting his own demons and is constantly haunted by the memories of his first lover, a Marine . Andy is unable to get over the loss of his first love and fails in all his other intimate relationships, despite the fact his relation with the Marine, though intense, never had any chance of survival with the Marine just abandoning him to his misery. When a new guy tries to become intimate with him during a disastrous get-together scene, Andy confesses his incurable love to the Marine and refuses to go further, which prompts the guy to tell him frankly: "once a marine, always a marine". Andy is confused by his aspirations to build a future away from home, his sexual orientation and his responsibilities as a father. After meeting Nate, during a very bizarre circumstance at the residence of an amateur porn director "Uncle Sam" , who invites them to his house to shoot a pornographic scene against some monetary compensation, Nate and Andy strike out the house horrified. When Nate offers Andy help with starting his decrepit car, the two strike an immediate friendship with Andy clearly seeing in Nate a reflection of the Marine he once loved. Upon knowing about Nate\'s obsession in finding his true father, the two together, journey on a quest to find Nate\'s real father.. but also find each other and discover how to confront their true destinies. The two engage to explore their own past, present and future amidst brief flashbacks they see throughout the movie. The bond strengthens between Nate and Andy including sexual affinity between the two, awakening Nate to his own sexuality. Nate decides to confront Mark Dessau , his supposed "father", but discovers this was just an illusion. It turns out Mark went out with Nate\'s mother only after Nate had been conceived. This puts Nate into further despair and realization that his mother always deceived him. In his moment of vulnerability, his resistance is down and he easy gives in to having sex with Andy. The scene is exquisitely filmed as the camera that treats their bodies as erotic landscapes and the editing features cuts in which Nate is replaced by Andy\'s first Marine-love who went away, as Andy responds to both the real man and the man in his memory. The next morning Nate is confused but not weirded out. "There is no should or supposed to," Andy says, "What does Nate want to do?"Article by Michael D. Klemm in CinemaQueer.com: Don\'t Ask, Be All That You Can Be Confronted by Nate for a last time and upon an ultimatum to his mother that he will quit his prospective military career, Deb finally alludes to the fact that Gene is the real father. In a touching scene at Gene\'s shack, Nate\'s search is culminated with he finding a childhood photograph of himself in an album kept by Gene, with Nate being the result of a sexual relation between Gene and Deb in a drive-in movie location. The film ends vaguely at the drive-in itself with Nate searching his soul with what he has to do with his own life. It is clear he chooses the military path, despite desire and futile efforts of Andy who tries to convince Nate that the two live together as partners and to take care of Andy\'s kid Travis. The departure shots in which Andy reluctantly leaves Nate alone to decide for his destiny, is a repetition, and a deja-vu of his earlier experience with his first-Marine love, exactly as the party friend had told Andy at the beginning of the film, "once a marine, always a marine".'] ['This film focuses on Claude , a teenage girl who lives in Hell\'s Kitchen, New York City, and is the story of her sexual discovery and budding lesbianism. Claude\'s best friend is Ellen . Her plan to start a band with Ellen is subverted when Ellen begins dating Mark . Claude discovers that Luke , a gay musician who has just moved into her apartment building, has been stabbed to death. Ellen hints at the fact that she was there when Luke was killed, but Claude keeps her mouth shut in order to protect her. Claude then goes to a gay bar and meets Lucy , a pink-haired guitarist who is playing in the house band. Claude goes to Lucy\'s apartment, but freaks out and leaves, returning to her apartment to find Ellen waiting for her. They have a fight which ends with Claude screaming that she would die without Ellen. Claude goes out along with Ellen and Mark on one of their dates; Mark gives Ellen downers which make her violently ill. Claude accompanies her to the bathroom and watches her vomit, and Ellen refers to Claude as her "Knight in Shining Armor." Mark is visibly furious but manages to contain himself. Claude leaves and sees Lucy again, but again freaks out and leaves before having sex. While walking home, Mark ambushes Claude in the street and begins threatening her. Claude threatens to tell the police about Mark\'s possible involvement in Luke\'s death. Mark says "she\'s [Ellen] got you right here" and fondles Claude\'s vulva. He then kisses her and runs off. Claude goes home to find Ellen waiting for her. Claude tells her that they need to tell the police about Mark, but Ellen says she would go to jail if they knew about her involvement. Claude says she would never let that happen. Claude begins making out with Ellen, and tells her that she loves her. Ellen does not reciprocate, and leaves. The next day, Claude cleans out her room, removing all trace of Ellen. Later, the police come in and take Mark away for questioning. Ellen tells Claude that she hates her. Claude says that she knows, and that she\'s sorry. Claude then starts seeing Lucy.'] ["Bryan meets a man called Bill in a bar. They go back to Bryan's home and have unprotected sex. Later, they wake up and talk. Bryan discovers that Bill's real name is Brian, and that he is bisexual. They spend hours talking, covering topics including AIDS, sexuality, feminism, role-play and Emily Dickinson.<ref name Canby | first  Vincent Canby | title  New York Times | date http://query.nytimes.com/gst/fullpage.html?res2008-03-05 }}"] ['The preface to the story shows Episcopal priest Reverend Dr. T. Lawrence Shannon  having a "nervous breakdown" after being ostracized by his congregation for having an inappropriate relationship in Virginia with "a very young Sunday school teacher." Two years later, Shannon is a tour guide for bottom-of-the-barrel Texas company Blake Tours, is taking a group of Baptist School teachers by bus to Puerto Vallarta, Mexico. The group\'s brittle group leader is Miss Judith Fellowes , whose 17-year-old niece Charlotte Goodall  tries to seduce Shannon. Charlotte\'s aunt, described as "butch" by the other characters, accuses Shannon of trying to seduce her niece and declares that she will ruin him. In a moment of despair, Shannon shanghais the bus and occupants, and tries to prevent Fellowes from calling his boss by stranding their bus at a cheap  Costa Verde Hotel in Mismaloya on the coast. Shannon thinks that the hotel is still run by an old friend named Fred, but finds that the man died recently, and the hotel is now run by Fred\'s widow, Maxine Faulk . Maxine becomes interested in Shannon. Another woman at the hotel is Hannah Jelkes , a beautiful and chaste itinerant painter from Nantucket, who is traveling with her elderly poet grandfather . Hannah and her grandfather have run out of money, but Shannon convinces Maxine to let them have rooms. Over a long night, Shannon battles his weaknesses for both flesh and alcohol: Miss Fellowes\' niece continues to make trouble for him, and he is "at the end of his rope," just like the iguana kept tied by Maxine\'s cabana boys. Shannon suffers a breakdown, the cabana boys truss him in a hammock, and Hannah ministers to him there with poppy-seed tea and frank spiritual counsel. Hannah\'s grandfather delivers the final version of the poem he has been laboring to finish and dies. The characters try to resolve their confused lives with Shannon and Maxine deciding to run the hotel together. Hannah walks away from her last chance at love.'] ['The plot concerns two feminist groups in New York City, each voicing their concerns to the public by pirate radio. One group, led by an outspoken white lesbian, Isabel , operates "Radio Ragazza". The other group, led by a soft-spoken African-American, Honey , operates "Phoenix Radio". The local community is stimulated into action after a world-traveling political activist, Adelaide Norris , is arrested upon arriving at a New York City airport, and suspiciously dies while in police custody. Also, there is a Women\'s Army led by Hilary Hurst  and advised by Zella  that initially both Honey and Isabel refuse to join. This group, along with Norris and the radio stations, are under investigation by a callous FBI agent . Their progress is tracked by three interns (Becky Johnston, [[Pat Murphy  for a socialist newspaper run by screenwriter Ed Bowes, who go so far they get fired. The story involves several different women coming from different perspectives and attempts to show several examples of how sexism plays out, and how it can be dealt with through direct action. A famous scene is one during which two men are attacking a woman on the street and dozens of women on bicycles with whistles come to chase the men away and comfort the woman. The women in the movie have different ideas about what can and should be done, but all know that it is up to them, because the government will not take care of it. The movie shows women organizing in meetings, doing radio shows, creating art, wheatpasting, putting a condom on a penis, wrapping raw chicken at a processing plant, etc. The film portrays a world rife with violence against women, high female unemployment, and government oppression. The women in the film start to get together to make a bigger impact, by means that some would call terrorism. Ultimately, after both radio stations are suspiciously burned down, Honey and Isabel team up and broadcast "Phoenix Ragazza Radio" from stolen moving vans. They also join the Women\'s Army, which sends a group of terrorists to interrupt a broadcast of the President of the United States proposing that women be paid to do housework, followed by bombing the antenna on top of the World Trade Center to prevent additional such destructive messages from the mainstream.'] ["Madison  and her assistant Hockstetter  are astronomers who track near-Earth objects in space. They are not taken seriously by the scientific community. When they locate and track a massive asteroid on a collision course for Earth, Madison takes her findings to government scientist Covington . Initially he pays her some attention but, under pressure from Air Force General Dutton , dismisses her. In desperation she takes her research to Donovan , a former Air Force officer who was discharged under Don't ask, don't tell. Joining with Donovan's active-duty lover, Mark , the four hatch a plan to infiltrate an Air Force base that houses a massive laser weapon to destroy the asteroid. Despite resistance from Dutton and Air Force troops, the group is able to commandeer the weapon and use it to deflect the asteroid just enough so that it misses the planet. Scenes removed from the censored version include a sex scene between Donovan and Mark, a line in which Donovan tells Madison why he was discharged and a second intimate scene between Donovan and Mark. Additionally, a short scene establishing a romantic interest between Donovan and Madison was added to the end of the censored version."] ['The film is narrated by Agathe De La Boulaye as "The Artist". She is obsessed with a nightclub singer  whom she calls "The Girl". One night the girl takes the artist to the hotel where she lives and they make love. The girl, who does not usually sleep with women, tells the artist that it is "just one night" but they begin seeing each other. The girl continues to see men and the artist has a long term lover, Bu Savè , who accepts the artist\'s obsession. The artist draws and paints the girl, but gradually grows frustrated with her work. She notices a man  watching her and the girl. The man behaves aggressively and possessively towards the girl. He starts following the artist and sends threatening letters to the girl telling her to get rid of the artist. The girl refuses. The man follows the artist and tries to attack her. The artist asks advice from Bu Savè, who gives her a gun. When the artist cannot find the girl, she discovers that she has gone away with the man, who turns out to be the owner of the nightclub where the girl sings. When the man and the girl return, the artist gives the girl the gun. The artist gets beaten up by the man and his friend. Later when she goes to meet the girl at the hotel, she finds the man there, naked and asleep. She leaves. The next day she returns and tells the girl that she is leaving her. The artist puts all her energy into her painting. One day she goes back to the hotel. As she climbs the stairs, she hears gunshots. She finds the man dead and the girl with a gunshot wound to her side.'] ["Peggy Gravel , a neurotic, delusional, suburban housewife, and her overweight maid, Grizelda Brown , go on the lam after Grizelda smothers Peggy's husband, Bosley , to death. The two are arrested by a cross-dressing policeman  who gives them an ultimatum: go to jail or be exiled to Mortville, a filthy shantytown ruled by the evil Queen Carlotta  and her treasonous daughter, Princess Coo-Coo . Peggy and Grizelda choose Mortville, but still engage in lesbian prison sex. They become associates of self-hating lesbian wrestler Mole McHenry , who wants a sex change to please her lover, Muffy St. Jacques . Most of Mortville's social outcasts—criminals, nudists, and sexual deviants—conspire to overthrow Queen Carlotta, who banishes her daughter, Coo-Coo, after she elopes with a garbage collector , who is later shot to death by the guards. Coo-Coo hides in Peggy and Grizelda's house with her dead lover. When Peggy betrays Coo-Coo to the Queen's guards, Grizelda fights them, and dies when the house collapses on her. Peggy, however, joins the queen in terrorizing her subjects, even infecting them  with rabies. Eventually, Mortville's denizens, led by Mole, overthrow Queen Carlotta and execute Peggy by shooting a gun up her anus. To celebrate their freedom, the townsfolk roast Carlotta on a spit and serve her, pig-like, on a platter with an apple in her mouth."] ['Barry is a private with the 101st Airborne Division of the United States Army, stationed at Fort Campbell, Kentucky. Calpernia works as a showgirl at a transgender revue in Nashville, Tennessee when the two met in 1999. Barry\'s roommate Justin Fisher  brings Barry to the club where she performs. When Barry and Calpernia begin seeing each other regularly, Fisher begins spreading rumors on base about their relationship, which appeared to be a violation of the military\'s "don\'t ask, don\'t tell" policy about discussing the sexual orientation of military personnel. Barry faces increasing harassment and pressure, which explode into violence over Fourth of July weekend. While Calpernia performs in a pageant in Nashville, Barry is beaten to death in his sleep with a baseball bat by Calvin Glover, who had been goaded by Fisher into committing the crime. The film ends with a discussion of the aftermath.'] ['Nick Young  is a high school freshman struggling with Asperger’s Syndrome who idolizes his perfect older brother Chaz Young . His brother dies when riding his bike on the highway, a group of guys were driving recklessly. Nick\'s friends attend the funeral and help him get through his loss. Randy tells Nick how his brother spent, "his whole life trying to keep up this lie that you were a perfect family." Chaz had a secret dream, he went to a "community center" and he wanted to be a dancer.'] ["The story is based in Jakarta in Indonesia. It revolves around three main characters, Memey, Andien and Sakti, who struggle to maintain their facade of perfection in front of their arisan friends. An arisan is a meeting fraternity of upscale female socialites in Jakarta who meet regularly to share gossip and draw lots to see who takes home the money they all contribute. The main character is Meimei , an interior designer with a business of her own. Her husband has left her for an actress, and also finds out that she cannot get pregnant. When she finally finds a new love interest, Nino , it turns out that Nino is more interested in her best friend, Sakti . While another friend Andien , is a betrayed wife. Sakti is the gay character who, at the start, is in denial of his homosexual identity, and afraid of what his family and friends will think of him. Then he enters a relationship with another man , and must learn to face new challenges. The relationship between the two was complicated, but they're trying to keep it strong."] ["Two Argentine sisters, Memé and Aneta, are devastated when their mother dies in a fatal car crash. Memé, the elder, is also left lame with one badly scarred leg. The orphaned girls move to Uruguay to stay with their aunts. The sisters often argue, but they are actually very close. Memé flirts but has no luck with boys because of her injury. On their own now, Memé works as a waitress where she gets to know Andy . Returning to Montevideo, they meet Dolores , a friend of their late mother. Memé's affair with a man complicates her relationship with her sister. Then Andy invites the pair to his seaside retreat, a lighthouse where their rivalry continues."] ['Best in Show is presented as a documentary of five dogs and their owners destined to show in the Mayflower Kennel Club Dog Show, held in Philadelphia. The documentary jumps among owners as they prepare to leave for the show, arrive at the hotel, and prepare backstage before their dog takes the show, as well as post-show. The owners and their dogs include: * Gerry and Cookie Fleck , with their Norwich Terrier Winky - :A middle-class couple from Florida, who run into monetary problems and are forced to sleep in the hotel\'s storage room when they finally arrive. Throughout the film, they encounter men whom Cookie slept with during her youth. * Meg and Hamilton Swan , with their Weimaraner Beatrice - :An upper-class, stereotypical yuppie couple from Chicago, they think they are taking great care of Beatrice , going as far as taking her to a therapist after she sees Meg and Hamilton have sex. At the show, the Swans believe that Beatrice will become unnerved without her favorite toy, the "Busy Bee", and frantically search for a replacement for it before the show. * Harlan Pepper  and his Bloodhound Hubert - :Pepper\'s family has raised a variety of hounds for generations, and Harlan continues the tradition by raising bloodhounds . * Sherri Ann and Leslie Ward Cabot  with their Standard Poodle Rhapsody in White  - :A two-time past winner of the show. Sherri Ann is a luscious big-breasted blonde; the elderly Leslie is her sugar daddy. Their relationship is reminiscent of the marriage between Anna Nicole Smith and J. Howard Marshall II. Sherri Ann is primarily worried about giving Rhapsody a makeover; however, trainer Christy Cummings  makes sure the dog is truly ready for the show, while Leslie remains utterly oblivious and apathetic. Over the course of the film, Sherri Ann and Leslie\'s fake couplehood crumples, while Sherri Ann and Christy\'s romantic involvement becomes apparent. * Scott Donlan and Stefan Vanderhoof  and their Shih Tzu Miss Agnes - :A campy gay couple, they take great pride in their dog, and are confident that she will win the competition. The owners and their dogs all arrive in time for the show, which is hosted by dog expert Trevor Beckwith , and oblivious "color" commentator Buck Laughlin . During the first round, Beatrice is disqualified when Hamilton cannot control her, but the other four dogs advance to the final round. Just before the finals, Cookie dislocates her knee and insists that Gerry take over for her. Though the audience is initially awed by seeing Gerry\'s "two left feet" , ultimately Winky takes Best in Show. Afterwards, the film explores what each character is doing after the competition. Gerry and Cookie returned home to Florida and were overcome with attention after the victory. They go on to record, in amusingly bad style, songs about terriers but discover to Gerry\'s frustration that the recording engineer is yet another of Cookie\'s ex-boyfriends . Sherri Ann and Christy have entered into a partnership  and publish a magazine for lesbian owners of purebred dogs, called American Bitch. Harlan fulfills his dreams and becomes a ventriloquist, entertaining sparse crowds with a honky tonk song and dance number. Stefan and Scott are in the process of designing a calendar featuring Shih Tzu dogs appearing in scenes, with appropriate costume, from famous classic films, such as Gone with the Wind and Casablanca  Hamilton and Meg Swan seem to have given Beatrice away, allowing them to enjoy a calmer, more loving partnership as well as a new dog  that they claim enjoys watching them make love.'] ['Milk is the story of Harvey Milk , and his struggles as an American gay activist who fought for gay rights and became California\'s first openly gay elected official. The film opens with archival footage of police raiding gay bars and arresting patrons during the 1950s and 1960s, followed by Dianne Feinstein\'s November 27, 1978, announcement to the press that Milk and Moscone had been assassinated. Milk is seen recording his will throughout the film, nine days  before the assassinations. The film then flashes back to New York City in 1970, the eve of Milk\'s 40th birthday and his first meeting with his much younger lover, Scott Smith . Unsatisfied with his life and in need of a change, Milk and Smith decide to move to San Francisco in the hope of finding larger acceptance of their relationship. They open Castro Camera in the heart of Eureka Valley, a working-class neighborhood in the process of evolving into a predominantly gay neighborhood known as The Castro. Frustrated by the opposition they encounter in the once Irish-Catholic neighborhood, Milk utilizes his background as a businessman to become a gay activist, eventually becoming a mentor for Cleve Jones . Early on, Smith serves as Milk\'s campaign manager, but his frustration grows with Milk\'s devotion to politics, and he leaves him. Milk later meets Jack Lira , a sweet-natured but unbalanced young man. As with Smith, Lira cannot tolerate Milk\'s devotion to political activism, and eventually hangs himself. Milk clashes with the local gay "establishment" which he feels to be too cautious and risk-averse. After two unsuccessful political campaigns in 1973 and 1975 to become a city supervisor and a third in 1976 for the California State Assembly, Milk finally wins a seat on the San Francisco Board of Supervisors in 1977 for District 5. His victory makes him the first openly gay man to be voted into major public office in California and in the top three in the entire US. Milk subsequently meets fellow Supervisor Dan White , a Vietnam veteran and former police officer and firefighter. White, who is politically and socially conservative, has a difficult relationship with Milk, and develops a growing resentment for Milk when he opposes projects that White proposes. Milk and White forge a complex working relationship. Milk is invited to, and attends, the christening of White\'s first child, and White asks for Milk\'s assistance in preventing a psychiatric hospital from opening in White\'s district, possibly in exchange for White\'s support of Milk\'s citywide gay rights ordinance. When Milk fails to support White because of the negative effect it will have on troubled youth, White feels betrayed, and ultimately becomes the sole vote against the gay rights ordinance. Milk also launches an effort to defeat Proposition 6, an initiative on the California state ballot in November 1978. Sponsored by John Briggs , a conservative state legislator from Orange County, Proposition 6 seeks to ban gays and lesbians  from working in California\'s public schools. It is also part of a nationwide conservative movement that starts with the successful campaign headed by Anita Bryant and her organization Save Our Children in Dade County, Florida to repeal a local gay rights ordinance. On November 7, 1978, after working tirelessly against Proposition 6, Milk and his supporters rejoice in the wake of its defeat. The increasingly unstable White favors a supervisor pay raise, but does not get much support, and shortly after supporting the proposition, resigns from the Board. He later changes his mind and asks to be reinstated. Mayor Moscone  denies his request, after being lobbied by Milk. On the morning of November 27, 1978, White enters City Hall through a basement window to conceal a gun from metal detectors. He requests another meeting with Moscone, who rebuffs his request for appointment to his former seat. Enraged, White shoots Moscone in his office and then goes to meet Milk, where he guns him down, with the fatal bullet delivered execution style. The film suggests that Milk believed that White might be a closeted gay man.Edelstein D. "\'Milk\' Is Much More Than A Martyr Movie." NPR. November 26, 2008. Accessed on: January 3, 2009. The last scene is a candlelight vigil held by thousands for Milk and Moscone throughout the streets of the city. Pictures of the actual people depicted in the film, and brief summaries of their lives follow.'] ["Clare Lipkin  is a recent widow, dealing with everything from houseguest Lisabeth , to Lisabeth's libidinous ex  to family problems. She is also being haunted by the ghost of her recently deceased husband . Lisabeth's houseboy Juan  and Clare's chauffeur Frank  make a bet on which of them can seduce the other's employer first. The bisexual Frank puts up cash for the wager but if he wins he wants Juan to sleep with him. Juan wins the bet but claims that he lost and has sex with Frank anyway."] ["On a campsite at the Belgian coast - where everybody wants to live in complete freedom and forget the obligations of everyday life - Jan Bucquoy, the delegate of the Ministry of Culture, must bring culture nearer to the working class. He presents things like Bertolt Brecht's play, Mother Courage and Her Children or an interview with the famous writer Pierre Mertens, but the vacationers at this caravan park are more interested in low-brow distractions, like soccer, boxing matches or beauty contests, as well as sexual adventures and temporary romances."] ['Zack Elliot  is a successful young doctor in the Los Angeles area married to Claire , an equally successful television network executive during the early 1980s. They have been married for eight years and are generally happy in their relationship, sharing in common a love for Gilbert and Sullivan and the poetry of Rupert Brooke, to whom they were introduced by their elderly former neighbor, Winnie Bates . Intending to start a family, the couple buy a big house together. Unknown to Claire, Zack has been struggling with feelings of attraction to other men. He picks up men in his car and starts frequenting gay bars in West Hollywood on his lunch hour, although he does not follow through sexually. This changes when he meets Bart McGuire , a gay novelist who comes to see him for a medical check-up. Bart leads a fairly hedonistic single lifestyle, picking up multiple sexual partners, frequenting gay bars and clubs, occasionally taking recreational drugs. Zack and Bart are mutually but unspokenly attracted to each other and go out for lunch. A few days later, Zack calls Bart and asks him on a dinner date. He lies to Claire, saying he has to work late. At Bart\'s house, Zack and Bart talk and it becomes clear that Zack is not yet able to identify as gay, instead labeling himself "curious". That night Zack and Bart go to bed together, which is the first time Zack has ever had sex with another man. Afterwards, Zack wants to stay the night, but Bart, following his usual pattern, brushes him off. Angered, Zack leaves but returns the next day to confront Bart further about Bart\'s fear of intimacy. Bart makes plans for them to get together during the weekend. Claire, concerned about the growing distance in her marriage, goes to her boss seeking a year-long leave of absence. Instead, he promotes her and sends her to New York City on a weekend business trip. Zack takes advantage of the opportunity to spend more time with Bart, but they end up arguing. Zack calls the outline for Bart\'s new novel less than honest, and Bart confronts Zack about his own lack of honesty about his sexuality. That night in bed, Zack tells Bart that he loves him. The next morning, fearful of his own growing feelings for Zack, Bart pushes him away again. Eventually, Bart realizes that he does have feelings for Zack but that he is not ready for the level of commitment that Zack needs. He is last seen in the film back out in the bars, cruising. With Claire home from her trip, Zack tells Claire of his feelings for other men. Although she said she could handle anything he could tell her, she reacts very badly and Zack leaves the house. A few days later, an emotional Claire trashes some of Zack\'s clothes and finds a matchbook with a man\'s name and number written in it. She locates someone Zack had picked up, and they talk. She learns from him that gay people can live normal and happy lives. Claire attempts to get Zack to remain in the marriage, even claiming that she would be okay with him having affairs with other men, but Zack advises her that she must let go. Zack then tells Claire that he has a job prospect in New York City, working with cancer patients. In the end, the two agree to a divorce. The film ends a few years in the future, with the death of Winnie Bates, Zack and Claire\'s former neighbor. Zack is living in New York and in a committed relationship with another man by this time, but he returns to Los Angeles for the funeral. Claire has since gotten re-married to an Architect and has a young son named Rupert. After the funeral, Zack and Claire discuss their lives and express their own happiness and their gratitude that the other is happy. Throughout the film, Bart and Claire deliver several mini-monologues, speaking directly to the camera about aspects of their lives and their feelings about the scenes that had just played out on-screen.'] ['Between visits from his keeper, or john, a handsome male prostitute , alone in his apartment, lounges, fantasizing about worlds where he is the central character. For example, he pictures himself as a matador, a Roman slave boy and the emperor who condemns him, and the keeper of a male harem for whom another male performs a belly dance.'] ["Helena  and Sebastian  are a teenaged brother and sister who have been reunited at their home while looking after their ailing mother, Eugenia . Eugenia has been diagnosed with cancer and doesn't have long to live, and it has fallen to Helena and Sebastian to care for her in her last months, with Helena  spending her days with her mother while Sebastian goes to school and looks in on Eugenia in the evenings. Helena finds herself strongly attracted to Sebastian, but while he also has feelings for her, he's also drawn to men, most notably roughneck schoolmate Juan . As the reality of their mother's fate becomes clearer, Helena and Sebastian's confusion about love, mortality and family becomes more acute, and circumstances become even more muddled when they take in a boarder, Aurora , and Sebastian falls in with wealthy Ismael ."] ['The film takes place in a period of six days, with footage from a fictional pop group "Dessert" opening the movie, and closing during the credits. Tokyo, May 27th, 54 teenage schoolgirls commit mass suicide by throwing themselves in front of an oncoming train. Shortly after, at a hospital, two nurses commit suicide by jumping out of a window. At both locations rolls of flesh are found, with the missing skin matching removed flesh on corpses. Three detectives - Kuroda , Shibusawa , and Murata , are notified by a hacker named Kiyoko  of a link between the suicides and a website, which shows the number of suicides via red and white circles. May 28, at a high school, a group of students jump off the roof during a lunch break, due to an escalating series of events, sending the city in search of a "Suicide Club". On May 29, the suicide boom has spread all over Japan. Mitsuko  is on her way home when she gets hit by her boyfriend, Masa, who has thrown himself off a roof. Mitsuko is taken to the police station for questioning, where the police strip search Mitsuko and discover that she has a butterfly tattoo. On May 30, the police receive a call from a boy who warns that on that evening at 7:30, another mass suicide will take place at the same platform. The detectives organize a stake-out in order to prevent another mass suicide, but there is no suicide. Meanwhile, the individual and smaller-scale group suicides continue all over Japan, claiming many lives, including Kuroda\'s entire family. He gets a call from the boy who warned them about the second suicide wave, at which point, upon the conversations conclusion, Kuroda shoots himself. Meanwhile, Kiyoko is caught by a group led by a costumed man named Genesis whose hideout is a small subterranean bowling alley, where he resides with four glam-rock cohorts. During her capture, Genesis performs a song while stomping to death dogs and cats bound in white sacks. At Genesis\' lair, Kiyoko e-mails the authorities information about her whereabouts. The police arrest Genesis and it is assumed the "Suicide Club" is caught. On June 1, Mitsuko goes to her boyfriend\'s home to return his helmet, where she notices the Dessert posters on the wall and recognizes a pattern. Soon, the boy from earlier calls her to tell her there is no "Suicide Club" and to invite her to a secret concert. On June 2, Mitsuko sneaks into the backstage area, where she wanders onto a stage. She sees a group of children in the audience, who ask her a series of questions. Mitsuko impresses the children, so they take her to a room where a strip from her skin is shaved off, where the butterfly-tattoo is located. A new roll of skin ends up with the police, which detective Shibusawa recognizes as "a little bit Mitsuko". That evening he sees Mitsuko as she is standing at the Train Station. As the train pulls out of the station, the credits roll.'] ['Twilight Dancers offers a disturbing yet a humorous look at the country\'s social realities through the eyes of three macho dancers or male strippers. One of them is Dwight , young and at the peak of his trade who loses the girl he loves to a politician\'s son. Then there\'s Alfred, who at 28, is past his prime and is kicked out of the club. Finally there\'s Bert, 30, who has long since given up dancing and is now the bodyguard-driver of a corrupt businesswoman. But Bert\'s boss, Madame Loca , manipulates the events that push the three dancers to fight for survival, and to finally confront issues of love, friendship and betrayal. Adding to these conflicts are a deaf-mute wife who refuses to go back to her macho dancer husband, a director who keeps promising stardom to a male dancer named Michael , a transvestite performer who fakes being a virgin as well, a tyrannical mayor who cross-dresses at his birthday party, and a union leader who gets shot by an assassin in broad daylight. But as their club\'s manager Taurus always says, "They are only here to serve the carnal desires of men. The show has to go on." Twilight Dancers is the third movie from director Mel Chionglo about Philippine\'s macho dancer industry.'] ['The film stars Sheila McCarthy as Polly, a worker for a temporary secretarial agency. Polly serves as the narrator for the film, and there are frequent sequences portraying her whimsical fantasies. Polly lives alone, seems to have no friends and enjoys solitary bicycle rides to undertake her hobby of photography. Despite being somewhat clumsy, uneducated, socially awkward and inclined to take other\'s statements literally, all of which has led to scarce employment opportunities, Polly is placed as a secretary in a private art gallery owned by Gabrielle . Ann-Marie MacDonald plays Mary, who is Gabrielle\'s former young lover, and also a painter. Mary returns after an absence, and she and Gabrielle rekindle their former relationship despite Gabrielle\'s misgivings that she is too old and Mary too young. Polly, who\'s fallen a little bit in love with Gabrielle, is inspired to submit some of her own photographs anonymously to the gallery. She is crushed when Gabrielle dismisses her photos out of hand and calls them "simple minded". Polly temporarily quits the gallery, and goes into a depression. She returns to the gallery, and revives a little when Mary notices one of her photos. All the while, Mary and Gabrielle have been perpetrating a fraud. Gabrielle has been passing off Mary\'s work as her own. When Polly finds out, she becomes livid and tosses a cup of tea at Gabrielle. Believing she has done something unforgivable, Polly retreats to her flat in anguish. Mary and Gabrielle later visit Polly at her flat, and realize that the discarded photographs were by Polly. As the film ends, Gabrielle and Polly look at more of Polly\'s photographs and in a short fantasy sequence the three are transported together to an idyllic wooded glen, a metaphor for the beautiful world that supposedly plain and unnoticed people like Polly inhabit.'] ['The new girl in school is thrown into a topsy-turvy madhouse of high school hellcats. The cheerleaders are drag queens, the nerds are nymphomaniacs, the punks breathe fire, and the prom band is none other than queer post-punk phenomenon Triple Creme. Featuring the best of New York burlesque: including Murray Hill, Julie Atlas Muz, Tigger, and Scotty the Blue Bunny.'] ['A young farm boy from Oklahoma named Claude Hooper Bukowski ([[John Savage  heads to New York City to enter the Army and serve in the Vietnam War. In Central Park, he meets a troupe of free-spirited hippies led by George Berger , a young man who introduces him to debutante Sheila Franklin  when they crash a dinner party at her home. Inevitably, Claude is sent off to recruit training in Nevada, but Berger and his band of merry pranksters including Woof Daschund , LaFayette "Hud" Johnson , and pregnant Jeannie Ryan  follow him. Sheila flirts with an off-duty Sergeant in order to steal his uniform, which she gives to Berger. He uses it to extract Claude from the base for a last meeting with Sheila, taking his place, but while Claude is away, the unit flies out to Vietnam, taking Berger with them. The film ends with the main cast singing at Berger\'s grave, followed by scenes of a large anti-war protest outside the White House in Washington, DC.'] ['This story shows that gender and social/sexual roles can be more apparent than real, even for 19th century Dublin, Ireland. Besides the film\'s main plot of women "crossing over" to live socially as men , the opening of the film shows a scene of two male-female couples arriving noisily late at night to the hotel, but afterwards a followup scene shows that the two men had actually spent the night together in bed, with their female "dates" nowhere to be seen. Albert Nobbs  is a woman living as a man in order to find work in the harsh environment of 19th-century Ireland. After living as a male for thirty years, Albert, working as a hotel waiter, is known for his extreme dedication to his job, as well as for a very introverted personality. Albert has been secretly saving all his earnings to buy a tobacco shop to gain some measure of freedom and independence. Albert\'s steadfast focus on this is shaken by the sudden arrival of Hubert Page , a house painter hired by Mrs. Baker , the hotel owner. Albert is shocked that Hubert is to room with him while he works at the hotel. On their first night, Hubert discovers Albert\'s secret, but promises never to reveal it, much to Albert\'s relief. The next day, Hubert confesses he is also a biological woman. Hubert leaves soon after, but not before telling Albert that he has a wife named Cathleen, a dressmaker. Meanwhile, recently unemployed Joe Mackins  arrives at the hotel to repair the boiler. Flirtatious maid, Helen Dawes , is attracted to him, and they soon become lovers; Joe\'s controlling nature and alcoholism soon become apparent, however. Albert visits Hubert at his home and meets Cathleen . Albert tells Hubert the story of his/her life: born a bastard and raised in a convent before being kicked out after her well to do mother\'s death. One night, when she was fourteen, she was brutally gang raped and beaten by a group of men. Immediately afterwards, in order to to find work she hears there is a need for waiters, so she buys a suit and is hired. This is a pivotal event because she chooses to continue to work and eventually live as a man. We are never told what name she was born with -- she thinks of herself solely as "Albert". Believing Helen may be the ideal wife to run a shop with, Albert asks her to leave with him. Helen refuses, but Joe, believing that Albert will give Helen money that could help the pair emigrate to America, encourages Helen to lead him on. Helen agrees to be with Albert, who buys Helen expensive gifts to please her. Helen is uncomfortable with Albert and the arrangement that Joe forced her to make. Albert tells Helen he wants to buy a shop, though Helen only wants to leave Ireland for America. A typhoid epidemic has broken out in Dublin, and when some staff fall ill, customers avoid the hotel, causing financial problems. Albert becomes infected but soon recovers, while Helen discovers she is pregnant with Joe\'s child. Joe is terrified, fearing he will become like his abusive father. Albert goes to Hubert\'s home and learns that Cathleen died, devastating Hubert. As a tribute to her, Albert and Hubert don dresses Cathleen made and take a stroll on the beach. Though both at first are extremely uncomfortable, in this isolated environment, if only for a brief moment, Albert is free enough to embrace her real identity and sexuality. This is an important scene in the film for while Hubert does not identify himself as a woman, even in private, Albert is overcome with joy at finding that he is still a woman, reveling in the person who has been sublimated for so many years. But a stumble and fall brings her back to reality and she and Hubert redress as men and go back to their lives as before. Back at the hotel, Albert learns Helen is pregnant and offers to marry her. Helen refuses, sensing Albert does not love her, though Albert agrees with her fear that Joe will abandon her and the child and go to America alone. Later that evening, when Joe and Helen get into a loud fight, Albert intervenes. Albert physically attacks Joe when he attempts to hurt Helen in a fit of rage; Joe throws Albert against a wall, hitting Albert\'s head. Albert returns to his room, but notices that he is bleeding from one ear. He dies later that night, presumably as a result of his head injury. Mrs. Baker discovers Albert\'s hidden money and uses it to revitalize the hotel. In the following months, Joe has gone to America and Helen has given birth to a son, Albert Joseph. Mrs. Baker makes further use of Albert\'s money by hiring Hubert to paint the entire hotel. Hubert sees Helen again, who breaks down and reveals that she will be separated from her son and thrown out into the street. Hubert tells her, "We can\'t let that happen, can we?", implying that he will look after her in lieu of Albert.'] ["Julie Johnson is a bored New Jersey housewife who is unhappy with her life and decides to take a computer class at a local college. When her husband finds out and is unsupportive and verbally abusive, she decides that enough is enough and the couple separate. Inspired, her friend Claire leaves her husband, and, having nowhere to go, moves in with Julie and her son and daughter. Living together, Julie and Claire develop a relationship that is more than just a friendship. Problems arise when Julie, immersed in studies, makes new, scholarly, cultured friends and Claire doesn't mesh well with them."] ['The film tells the story of two girls, Agnes and Elin, who attend school in the small town of Åmål in Sweden. Elin is outgoing and popular, but finds her life unsatisfying and dull. Agnes, by contrast, has no real friends and is constantly depressed. Agnes has a crush on Elin, but cannot find any way to express it. Agnes\' parents worry about their daughter\'s reclusive life, and try to be reassuring. Her mother decides, against Agnes\' will, to throw a 16th birthday party for her, and Agnes is afraid no one will come. Viktoria, a girl in a wheelchair, shows up and Agnes shouts at her in front of her parents, telling her they are friends only because no one else will talk to them. Agnes, overcome with anger and depression, goes to her room and cries into her pillow shouting that she wishes she was dead, while her father tries to soothe her. Viktoria leaves and Agnes\' family eats the food made for the party. Elin arrives at Agnes\' house, mainly as an excuse to avoid going to a different party, where there will be a boy   she wants to avoid. Elin\'s older sister, Jessica, who comes with her, dares her to kiss Agnes, who is rumoured to be a lesbian. Elin fulfills the dare, and then runs out with Jessica, only to soon feel guilty for having humiliated Agnes. After becoming drunk at the other party, Elin gets sick and throws up, while Johan tries to help her and ends up professing his love to her. Elin leaves Johan and the party, only to return to Agnes\' house to apologize for how she acted earlier. And in doing so, Elin stops Agnes from attempting to commit suicide. She even manages to persuade Agnes to return with her to the other party. On the way, Elin shares her real feelings about being trapped in Åmål, and asks Agnes about being a lesbian, and believes that both of their problems could be solved by leaving Åmål and going to Stockholm. On impulse, Elin persuades Agnes to hitchhike to Stockholm, a five-hour car journey away. They find a driver who agrees to take them, believing them to be sisters who are visiting their grandmother. It is while sitting in the back seat together that they first kiss "for real". The driver sees them and, shocked at the behaviour of the two \'sisters\', orders them to leave the car. Elin discovers that she is attracted to Agnes, but is afraid to admit it. She proceeds to ignore Agnes and refuses to talk to her. Elin\'s sister Jessica sees that she is in love and pushes her to figure out who it is. To cover the fact that she is in love with Agnes, Elin lies, pretending to be in love with Johan, and loses her virginity during a short-lived relationship with him. Elin eventually admits her feelings at the end of the film, where, after a climactic scene in a school bathroom, they are forced to \'out\' their relationship to the entire school. The film ends with Elin and Agnes sitting in Elin\'s bedroom drinking chocolate milk and Elin explaining that she often adds too much chocolate until her milk is nearly black so then she must fill another glass with milk and mix it, and that her sister Jessica often gets mad that she finishes the chocolate. The film ends with Elin saying "It makes a lot of chocolate milk. But that doesn\'t matter."'] ['The last wish of the dying "Monk" is for his foster child, Harald, to find his real son, Ludvig. But the latter is currently in a Swedish prison cell. Peter and Martin - the two chefs - want to get him out and soon father and son meet for the first time in their lives. They get on from the word go, but now dad needs a liver transplant and Ludvig and Harald set about raising the wherewithal. Everything goes wrong when they try to rob a bank, though they meet Mille, who puts them onto a new trail, and Peter and Martin also make a contribution. However, soon they have the cops and the anti-terror corps on their tails.'] ['Paul is a High School football hero, the quarter back, named "best looking," and the Valedictorian. Paul however, since Kindergarten, has felt that something is sexually wrong with him. Although Paul dates girls in High School, upon going to the University of California, Berkeley, he begins to think he might be a transgender woman. He dates both men and women and in his late 20s, he finally transitions into a female, through gender reassignment surgery, and becomes Kimberly Reed, a lesbian. Paul\'s younger brother Todd also announces something about his sexuality. Kimberly Reed becomes a film maker and returns home to Montana for her high school reunion and to reconcile her relationship with her adopted brother Marc. She discovers many revelations on her journey including Marc\'s shocking blood relationship as the secret grandson of Orson Welles and Rita Hayworth. In the movie, the intense sibling rivalry and unforeseeable twists of plot and gender forces them to face serious challenges. Kimberly Reed appeared on The Oprah Winfrey Show "Transgender Transition," on February 11, 2010, to discuss her life and movie, along with her mother.  Marc McKerrow\'s biological mother, Rebecca Welles , secretly gave birth to a son on March 31, 1966, when she was 21. Orson Welles never knew about his grandson. Rita Hayworth also probably did not know about this boy. When Marc was 21, he was in a car accident that resulted in a serious, traumatic brain injury. This injury lead him to be mentally incapacitated, and require medical treatment to control violent outbursts. Rebecca Welles died at the age of 59 in 2004. It was only after Rebecca\'s death that 38-year-old Marc discovered his true lineage. Marc McKerrow died suddenly in his sleep on June 18, 2010, only four months after his sibling\'s appearance on "Oprah." His death was "...caused by complications from a nocturnal seizure" related to his car accident.http://helenair.com/news/local/obituaries/article_b2081642-7e92-11df-81a9-001cc4c03286.html'] ['Ten-year olds Mew and Tong are neighbors. Mew is a soft-featured but stubborn kid, while Tong is a more masculine, energetic boy who lives with his parents and sister, a Roman Catholic Thai family. Tong wants to befriend Mew, but the quiet boy and his outgoing neighbor are not initially close. At school, effeminate Mew is teased by several other students and harassed until Tong steps in to defend him. Tong receives injuries and now they begin a friendship. Tong apologizes to Mew for the chewing gum incident. Mew is grateful for Tong stepping in and responds that now they are even. Mew plays on his late grandpa\'s piano and is joined by his grandma, who begins to play a song. Mew asks his grandma why she liked that song and his grandma responds by telling Mew that it was played for her by his grandpa. It was a way for him to express his love to her and she explains that one day, Mew will understand the meaning of the song. Tong\'s family is going on vacation to Chiang Mai and his older sister, Tang, begs her mother to be allowed to stay on with her friends a couple days more. Tong buys Mew a present and decides to give it to Mew piece by piece in a game of Treasure Hunt, a tradition in his family. One by one, Mew finds all of the pieces except for the last one which is hidden in a tree. The tree is cut down just as Mew is about to retrieve it leaving the present Tong bought for Mew incomplete. Tong is disappointed at their misfortune, but Mew remains grateful for Tong\'s efforts. Tang calls her parents from Chiang Mai and tells them that she will be extending her stay in Chiang Mai until the 24th of December. Tang misses Tong\'s Christmas play and cannot be reached. After the Christmas play, Tong receives a phone call from his parents telling him to stay with Mew\'s grandma. Tong awakens to his parents along with Mew and Mew\'s grandma beside his bed. His parents are going to Chiang Mai to look for Tang, who may have gotten lost in the mountains. Tong devastated that his sister is missing, cries as Mew tries to comfort. Months pass and Tong\'s family decides to move to Bangkok. On the day of the move, Tong finds Mew sitting on a ledge overlooking a pier. Tong says his final words and walks away. Tong looks back to find Mew walking towards the car, as it drives away, wiping his eyes with his sleeve. Six years pass; Tong\'s father is a severe alcoholic, due to his guilt for losing his daughter. Tong has a pretty--but uptight--girlfriend, Donut. Tong and Mew are reunited during their senior year of high school at Siam Square. The musically talented Mew is the lead singer of a boy band called August. The meeting stirs up old feelings that Mew has harbored since boyhood, his love for Tong. The manager of Mew\'s band, Aod, instructs the young musicians--their songwriter Mew in particular--that they must write a song about love in order to sell more records. He assigns them a new assistant manager, June. Coincidentally, June looks just like Tong\'s missing sister, Tang. When Tong eventually meets her, he and his mother, Sunee, devise to a plan to hire June to pretend she is Tang, in hopes that it will pull Tong\'s father out of his alcoholic depression. "Tang" borrows a story from the Thai film Ruk Jung, saying she has amnesia, which is why she says a Buddhist prayer of thanks instead of Catholic Grace at the dinner table. Amazingly to Sunee, June seems to know too much of the family\'s past. Tang passes it off as her creative imagination. Mew is also the object of an unrequited crush of an obsessive neighbor girl, Ying, who is trying to use a voodoo doll and other tricks to make the boy like her. Unfortunately for her, Mew is more interested in his boyhood friend Tong, who has now become the inspiration for writing the new songs. The manager, as well as the entire band, are all impressed with Mew\'s composition. As part of the deception with "Tang," a backyard party is held in honor of her return, and Mew\'s band August provides the entertainment. Singing the new love song for the first time in public, Mew\'s eyes lock intensely with Tong\'s. June notices this. After the party, everyone has left and the two boys are left alone in the yard. They share a prolonged kiss. Unseen, Tong\'s mother Sunee accidentally witnesses this. The next day, she goes to meet Mew and firmly instructs him to stay away from her son. When Tong finds out that his mother has interfered, an argument ensues, but she has succeeded in creating a rift between the teens which persists for some time. Mew is heartbroken and loses his musical inspiration, so he quits the band. At Christmas time, as Tong and his mother are decorating their Christmas tree, he finally finds a way to show her how controlling she is. June has saved money and about the same time heads off in a bus to Chiang Mai. Whether June and Tang were the same person, we will never know. Tong goes to Siam Square for a date with Donut. Mew has rejoined the band, and they are playing nearby. Tong abandons Donut, telling her they are no longer together. He then rushes to see Mew play and is guided there by Ying, who has accepted the fact that Mew loves Tong. After the performance, Tong gives Mew his Christmas gift, the missing nose from the wooden doll that Tong gave him when they were children. Tong then says to Mew, "I can\'t be your boyfriend, but that doesn\'t mean I don\'t love you." The film ends with Mew putting the missing nose back to the wooden puppet, saying "thank you" and crying quietly.'] ["Axel  has just been dumped by his girlfriend Doro , and needs to find a new place to live. He meets Walter , a transvestite who teaches straight men how gay men think. Walter talks Axel into joining him and some friends at a gay party afterwards, and tries to convince Axel to move in with him. At the party, Axel decides instead to move in with Walter's best friend, Norbert , whose boyfriend has just left him. Later, at Axel and Doro's apartment, Norbert tries to seduce Axel while they browse old photos. Just when Norbert has shed all his clothes, Doro shows up at the door, and Axel hastily hides Norbert. Doro explains to Axel that she's expecting his child and wants to give their relationship a second chance. She is not amused to discover a naked man in the wardrobe, but Axel manages to convince her that nothing has happened. Excited about fatherhood and eager to return to Doro, Axel forgets about his new friendship with Norbert. But soon Axel discovers a downside to the pregnancy: he no longer finds Doro sexy. Despite his engagement to her, he decides to stray when he encounters Elke, a former girlfriend. They are trying to find a place to have sex when Axel bumps into Norbert again. At first Norbert is angry with him for having left without a word, but Axel claims it's only because Doro was upset. Axel convinces Norbert to lend his apartment for the tryst with Elke. A few days later at Norbert's apartment, Elke gives Axel a mind-altering drug, and leaves him sitting naked on a table. Meanwhile Doro has learned that Axel went to Norbert's apartment, and she thinks that Axel is going to have sex with Norbert. She confronts Norbert at his apartment and upon entering, she sees Axel naked and unable to speak and starts to go into labor. In the bathroom Norbert finds Elke and Norbert's not-so-gay boyfriend playing in the tub. As Norbert drives her to the hospital, he attempts to explain everything on the way. Doro forgives Norbert and they become friends, but her relationship with Axel is in question."] ["The film begins with a trot performance by various characters during the opening credits. Seok-i  anxiously awaits the arrival of his boyfriend Min-soo , who has taken leave from the military. Shortly after they reunite, they are met by Min-soo's mother , who is unaware of their relationship. Seok-i decides to stay with Min-soo and his mother at an inn when he realizes there is no way for him to get back home. The next day, after Min-soo's mother leaves for church, the couple become physically intimate back in their room. Their session is cut short, however, when Min-soo's mother returns unexpectedly early and becomes devastated by the revelation. Seok-i returns home that night. Then there is a short confession song by Min-soo for his mother, telling her that he is gay and that he will continue to love Seok-i. Sometime after the event, Seok-i is shown working at a restaurant when he is encountered by Min-soo, who is on leave again. As the two run outside, a voice-over of Min-soo's telephone conversation with his mother plays—Min-soo tells her that he will return home together with Seok-i. Meanwhile, as the voice-over ends, the couple kisses in public. The ending credits features the trot theme again by four performers in drag. Afterward, there is a brief clip of Min-soo and Seok-i at the same visiting center in the beginning of the film. As Seok-i gets ready to begin his military service, his mother is heard calling him—the two lovers look at each other in dismay as they realize another cycle of coming out."] ['Abandoned at an orphanage by his recently divorced father, Aron endures a life full of cruelty and despair, punctuated by beating from the orphanage staff and ridicule from the other boys. His only friend is his classmate Attila, who helps him discover love and gives him strength to fight back.'] ['In San Francisco, private investigator Sam Spade  and his partner Miles Archer ([[Walter Long  are approached by Ruth Wonderly  to follow a man, Floyd Thursby, who allegedly ran off with her younger sister. The two accept the assignment because the money is good, even though they disbelieve her story. Late that night, police detective Tom Polhaus  informs Spade that Archer has been shot and killed while tailing Thursby, but Spade turns down the opportunity to examine the body at the scene. As he\'s leaving, he has a brief conversation in Chinese with a man loitering in a doorway. Later, Polhaus and his superior, Lt. Dundy , visit Spade at his apartment. Thursby has been killed, and they want to know where Spade\'s been in the last few hours, &mdash; they suspect him of killing Thursby to avenge the death of his partner. With no real evidence against Spade, they leave. The next day, Spade calls on Ruth Wonderly in an attempt to find out her real reasons for hiring them. She uses several different ploys to keep Spade on the case in spite of the two murders, but Spade sees through them. Despite this, he gets only a little information from her: Thursby was her accomplice who she no longer trusted, and she feels she\'s in danger &mdash; but she won\'t tell Spade what she and Thursby were trying to pull off. Frustrated, Spade begins to leave, but then thinks better of it. He takes $500 from Wonderly, supposedly the last of her money, and goes. At the office, Spade tells his secretary, Effie  to have Archer\'s name removed from the door, and he receives a visit from a Dr. Joel Cairo , who offers Spade $5,000 if he can retrieve an enamel figurine of a black bird that he is trying to recover for the "rightful owner". Not knowing anything about this statuette, Spade plays along, overpowering Cairo when he pulls a gun and attempts to frisk him and search the office. Nevertheless, he agrees to try to recover the statuette. That night, at his apartment, Spade questions Wonderly about Cairo and the black bird. Nervous about Cairo\'s offer and afraid of losing Spade\'s help, she begins to attempt to seduce him, but is interrupted when Dundy and Polhaus arrive. Spade keeps them outside the door as they question him about his relationship with Archer\'s wife Iva , with whom Spade has been having an affair. They are about to leave when Wonderly screams, and they rush in to find her holding a gun on Cairo. Spade laughs the incident off with a preposterous story which nonetheless gets the police to leave, with Cairo in tow, allowing Spade and Wonderly to continue their interrogation. The next morning, as Wonderly sleeps in his bed, Spade lifts her key and thoroughly searches her apartment, finding nothing. Returning to his own place, Spade gets a visit from Iva Archer. Spade tries to get rid of her, but she sees Wonderly in the bedroom doorway and leaves in a huff, threatening to tell everything she knows to Lt. Dundy. Spade receives a note from Casper Gutman ([[Dudley Digges , inviting him to come and talk about the black bird. Over drinks and cigars, Spade learns the history and value of the statuette, which is encrusted with precious jewels covered over with enamel, and that Gutman is the mastermind behind the attempt to steal the bird. Spade lies to Gutman that "for the right price" he can deliver the figurine in a couple of days, and they make a deal which Gutman seals with a $1000 bill. Just then, Cairo shows up and tells Gutman privately that Spade does not have the falcon, that Captain Jacoby , whose ship La Paloma arrives from Hong Kong that night, does. Gutman then slips Spade a mickey in a celebratory drink, and retrieves his $1000. Later that night, Spade arrives back in his office, where he finds Effie asleep behind his desk. Suddenly, a man staggers in, collapses to the floor and dies &mdash; it\'s Captain Jacoby, and the suitcase he was carrying has the precious black bird in it. Spade checks the bag at a baggage check and sends himself the ticket in the mail. Called in to see the District Attorney  because of what Iva\'s been telling the police, Spade stonewalls them, and is given 24 hours to wrap up the case and bring in the real killers. Wonderly lures Spade into his apartment, where Cairo and Gutman are waiting for him with guns. Knowing that Spade has the falcon, Gutman gives him ten $1000 bills in an envelope, but Spade insists there also has to be a "fall guy" to give the police to account for the murders , and suggests Gutman\'s gunman, Wilmer Cook , as the patsy. Gutman rejects this idea, and Spade then puts forward Cairo as a candidate. Cairo counters that Spade\'s been paid and should bring forward the bird, and they all settle in to wait for the morning, when Spade says he can produce it. As Wonderly leaves to make coffee and sandwiches, Gutman accuses her of stealing one of the bills from the envelope, prompting Spade to have her strip. When he finds she doesn\'t have the bill on her, he accuses Gutman of palming it, which Gutman admits. Now having the upper hand, Spade tells Gutman that Wilmer will be the fall guy, which Cairo and Gutman discuss in a whispered conference. Goaded by Spade, Wilmer pulls his gun, Spade knocks him out &mdash; and Gutman and Cairo agree to Spade\'s proposal. After Spade calls Effie and asks her to pick up the suitcase with the falcon in the morning and bring it to them, Gutman explains to him how Wilmer killed Thursby and Jacoby. When the bag shows up, Wilmer escapes out the window while the conspirators are frantically opening it and examining the black bird. They soon determine that it is a fake &mdash; they\'ve been duped by the previous owner &mdash; and Gutman and Cairo decide to make another attempt to steal it. As they leave, Gutman takes back his $10,000 from Spade at gunpoint. Spade immediately calls Detective Polhaus and tells him to pick up Gutman, Cairo and Wilmer: he\'ll provide Wilmer\'s guns as evidence. Confronting Wonderly, Spade accuses her of killing Archer to throw suspicion on Thursby and get him out of the way. She admits it, and Spade tells her that he\'s going to turn her in for the murder, despite their love for each other. When Dundy and Polhaus show up, they reveal that Wilmer murdered Gutman and Cairo before being apprehended. Spade gives them Wilmer\'s guns, tells them that Wonderly killed Archer, and they take her away. We then learn from a newspaper article that Spade "caused a sensation at [Wonderly\'s] trial when he produced Lee Fu Gow, Chinese merchant, the only eye-witness to the Archer killing, who positively identified Miss Wonderly as the murderess." Spade goes to visit Wonderly in prison to tell her that he\'s been made Chief Investigator for the District Attorney\'s office. Spade asks the prison matron to treat Wonderly well and give her whatever she wants. When the matron asks who will pay for the special treatment, Spade tells her to send the bill to the D.A.\'s office: "I\'ll OK it."'] ["Monty, a physical education instructor at a local university, lives with his teenage brother, Bertin, whom he's raised alone. Monty's is obsessed with body building and he compulsively works out every day. Lilith, a mysterious woman, enters the brothers' lives and she pits Monty against Bertin, forcing the two brothers into conflict."] ["Set in the fictional town of Thayer, Connecticut, the story focuses on Meredith Morton , a successful Manhattan executive whose uptight, conservative demeanor is a sharp contrast to that of her boyfriend Everett  and his liberal and rambunctious family. Meredith, feeling very much an outsider during the Christmas holidays with Everett's family, opts to stay at the local inn instead of with the family and asks her sister Julie  to join her for support. Everett finds himself attracted to the more outgoing Julie. Meredith desperately tries to fit in, but her strained attempt to play charades and a clumsy effort to engage the family in a dinner table discussion about nature versus nurture and sexual orientation prove to be disastrous and Amy Stone  insults her. Distraught, Meredith attempts to drive off but crashes the car, and Everett's brother Ben  comes to comfort her. The two end up at a local bar where, after several drinks, Meredith lets down her hair, literally and figuratively, and begins to enjoy herself. She invites Amy's high school flame and local paramedic, Brad Stevenson ([[Paul Schneider , to the Stones' for Christmas breakfast. The following morning, when she awakens in Ben's bed, she incorrectly assumes their night of revelry ended with the two sleeping together. Christmas proves to be a day of accusations, recriminations, self-discoveries, and attempts to mend fences. Sybil , who originally refused Everett's request for his grandmother's ring, reconsiders her position and offers it to him; but, by now, his feelings for Meredith have shifted to her sister. In a moment of emotional confusion{{spaced ndash}}or clarity{{spaced ndash}}he asks Julie to try on the ring, and it gets stuck. When Julie and Meredith lock themselves in the bathroom to get the ring off, they assume Everett is about to propose to Meredith. The family exchanges gifts; and Meredith, oblivious to Sybil's failing health, presents each with a framed enlarged photograph of Sybil taken when she was pregnant with Amy. Everyone is touched by her gesture, and Meredith relaxes slightly; but, when Everett asks to talk to her, she demurs again and again until she blurts out that she will not marry him. He counters that he didn't plan to ask her. Meredith breaks down in front of the family. All the personality conflicts come to a head, and everyone begins the process of healing. One year later, the family reunites at the Stone house. Meredith and Ben are a couple, as are Everett and Julie and Amy and Brad. Everett's brother Thad and his partner Patrick have adopted a baby boy named Gus, and Everett's other sister, Susannah, has had her baby. Sybil, who has died, is referenced as the family gathers with family Christmas ornaments around the tree. The framed photograph of Sybil is on the wall next to the tree."] ['The film\'s title, "The Pillow Book", refers to an ancient Japanese diary, the book of observations by {{Nihongo}}, actual name believed to be {{Nihongo}}, from whence the protagonist\'s name in the film. The film is narrated by Nagiko , a Japanese born model living in Hong Kong. Nagiko seeks a lover who can match her desire for carnal pleasure with her admiration for poetry and calligraphy. The roots of this obsession lie in her youth in Kyoto, when her father  would write characters of good fortune on her face. Nagiko\'s father celebrates her birthday retelling the Japanese creation myth and writing on her flesh in beautiful calligraphy, while her aunt  reads a list of "beautiful things" from Sei Shōnagon\'s the book of observations. Nagiko\'s aunt tells her that when she is twenty-eight years old, the official book of observations will be officially 1000 years old, and that she, Nagiko, will be the same age as Sei Shōnagon when she had written the book . Nagiko also learns around this time that her father is in thrall to his publisher, "Yaji-san" , who demands sexual favors from her father in exchange for publishing his work.  The publisher arranges Nagiko\'s wedding to his young apprentice. Her husband , an expert archer, resents Nagiko\'s love for books and her desire to read, in spite of his apprenticeship. He also refuses to indulge in her desires for pleasure, refusing to write on her body. When he discovers and reads Nagiko\'s pillow book, he is extremely resentful, setting it on fire and thus setting fire to their marital home, an event which Nagiko describes to be the \'first major fire of [her] life.\' Insulted and enraged, Nagiko leaves him for good. Hiding from her husband, Nagiko moves to Hong Kong. In spite of her aversion to the practice, she learns how to type in order to find work. Outside her apartment, a group of activists regularly protest the publishing industry for the depletion of forests due to the need to make paper. After working as a secretary in the office of a Japanese fashion designer for a while, Nagiko\'s employer takes a liking to her and makes her one of his models. As a successful fashion model, Nagiko hires a maid , as she now finally has the opportunity to explore her sexual desires of being written on. However, after several affairs, she feels dissatisfied with them all: either they have great penmanship and are lousy lovers, or vice-versa. One day, at the Cafe Typo, Nagiko\'s favorite haunt, she meets Jerome , a British translator. Intrigued by his knowledge, they go to a private space where she has Jerome write on her body in various languages. In spite of her interest, Nagiko dislikes Jerome\'s handwriting and orders him out. Jerome totally shocks Nagiko, however, when he asks her to teach him, offering her to write on his body. Opening his shirt, he offers Nagiko to "Use my body like the pages of a book. Of your book!". Nagiko has never considered this aspect in her desires before: her lovers always write on her body. When she backs out and runs, Jerome laughs at her. Frightened but very intrigued by Jerome\'s suggestion, Nagiko has several one-night stands in which she experiments writing on their bodies. One of the activists, admirer Hoki , a Japanese photographer who adores her, begs Nagiko to take him as a lover. She explains she can\'t, as his skin\'s no good for writing: whenever she writes on him, the ink smears and runs. Hoki, not wanting Nagiko to keep carrying on like she is, suggests she try writing a book, offering to take it to a renowned publisher he freelances for. Nagiko likes this idea and writes her first book. Nagiko\'s book is returned, being told the book is "not worth the paper it\'s written on!". Insulted, Nagiko follows the address on the envelope to confront the publisher. Nagiko is shocked to discover that the publisher who rejected her work is in fact Yaji-san, her father\'s old publisher. What\'s more, the publisher has a young lover: Jerome. Devising a plan, Nagiko decides that she will get to the publisher through Jerome. Meeting up with Jerome again, Nagiko discovers he has learned a few more languages, and his penmanship has greatly improved. Nagiko and Jerome spend several weeks exploring this, writing on each other and making love. Nagiko soon realizes that, in Jerome, she has found the perfect lover she has been searching for: the partner with whom she can share her physical and her poetic passion, using each other\'s bodies as tablets for their art.  Nagiko tells Jerome the truth and the whole story with the publisher. Jerome comes up with an idea: Nagiko will write her book on Jerome\'s body and Jerome will take it to the publisher. Nagiko loves the idea, and writes Book 1: The Book of The Agenda, in intricate characters of black, red, and gold, on Jerome, keeping her identity anonymous. The plan is a success: Jerome sees the publisher and exhibits the book on his nude body, and the impressed publisher has his scriveners copy down the text. After telling Nagiko of the plan\'s success, Jerome tells Nagiko that he\'ll return to her as soon as the publisher, who was extremely aroused by the experience, lets him go. However, during his time with the publisher, Jerome appears to lose track of time and doesn\'t return to Nagiko. Nagiko, jealous, impatient, and angry, searches for Jerome, eventually finding him making love with the publisher. Nagiko takes this as rejection and betrayal of the worst kind, and immediately plots revenge. On two Swedish tourists , Nagiko writes Book 2: The Book of The Innocent and Book 3: The Book of the Idiot. Shortly afterwards, an old man  is running naked through the streets from the publisher\'s shop, bearing Book 4: The Book of Impotence/Old Age. Book 5: The Book of the Exhibitionist is delivered by a boorish, fat, hyperactive American . Nagiko\'s revenge is a success. Jerome is furiously jealous, and comes to Nagiko\'s home to confront her. Nagiko refuses to meet him, however, and won\'t let Jerome in. Jerome\'s outrage soon turns to desperation as he begs her to talk to him, but she won\'t. Jerome sinks into deep depression and meets with Hoki at the Cafe Typo, desperate to find a way to get Nagiko to forgive him. Hoki suggests that he "scare" Nagiko by faking suicide, similar to the fake death scene in Romeo and Juliet and gives Jerome some pills. Arriving at Nagiko\'s home while she is away, Jerome takes some of the pills, then writes a page, as if writing a book. Each time he takes some pills, he writes another page, keeping track of how many pills he takes on each page. As the pills take effect, Jerome can write no more and lies on the bed, naked, holding a copy of Sei Shōnagon\'s the book of observations. The plan is a success: when Nagiko returns home and finds Jerome, she rushes to him, eager to renew their relationship and continue their plans. However, the plan has worked too well: Jerome has overdosed on the pills and is dead. Nagiko is devastated, and realizes how much she loved him. On his dead body, Nagiko writes Book 6: The Book of the Lovers. At Jerome\'s funeral, his mother , a snobbish, upper-class woman, tells Nagiko that Jerome always loved things that were "fashionable". When she suggests that was probably why Jerome loved Nagiko, Nagiko strikes her. After the funeral, the publisher secretly exhumes Jerome\'s body from the tomb and has Jerome\'s skin, still bearing the writing, flayed and made into a grotesque pillow book of his own. Nagiko, now back in Japan, learns of the publisher\'s actions and becomes distraught and outraged. She sends a letter to the publisher, still keeping her identity a secret, demanding that particular book from the publisher\'s hands in exchange for the remaining books. The publisher, now obsessed with his mysterious writer and her work, agrees.  Nagiko, now pregnant with Jerome\'s child, writes Book 7: The Book of The Seducer on a male messenger. The writing on him is almost destroyed and undecipherable when the publisher accidentally leaves the messenger out in the rain. Book 8: The Book of Youth is delivered as a series of photographs. A young Buddhist monk  then arrives bearing Book 9: The Book of Secrets written on all his "secret" spots: in between his fingers and toes, the insides of his thighs, etc.; the book is presented in the form of riddles. When the next messenger  arrives, he is completely bare: no writing at all. The publisher and staff search for any hint of writing on the messenger\'s naked body. As the publisher dismisses him as a hoax, the man sticks out his tongue, bearing Book 10: The Book of Silence. The activists\' protests come to an end when their truck hits a young wrestler  bearing Book 11: The Book of The Betrayed, right outside the publisher\'s office. The next messenger  simply drives by the office, giving little time to copy down Book 12: The Book of False Starts. Finally, Book 13: The Book of the Dead arrives on the body of a Sumo wrestler . In the book writing on the body of the messenger, which the publisher carefully reads, Nagiko finally reveals her identity, confronting the publisher with his crimes: blackmailing and disgracing her father, "corrupting" her husband, as well as Jerome, and what he\'s done to Jerome\'s corpse. The publisher, greatly shamed and humbled by being confronted with his guilt, hands the pillow book made of Jerome\'s skin to the messenger, then has the messenger slit his throat. Upon recovering the book made out of Jerome\'s skin, Nagiko buries it under a Bonsai tree and life goes on. She has given birth to Jerome\'s child , and is shown in the epilogue writing on her child\'s face, like her father used to do when she was young, and quoting from her own pillow book. It is now Nagiko\'s 28th birthday. Nagiko\'s bi-cultural heritage plays a key role in this film. As a half-Chinese and half-Japanese woman, Nagiko navigates her dual cultures through physical and psychological exploration. Greenaway portrays this exploration subtly by mixing and switching Asian iconography.'] ['Brad Jenkins, a 40-year-old gay college professor, is still uncomfortable in his own skin. After a disagreement with mother, he storms out of his home, claiming that he is "going somewhere where [he] is more normal." A sudden car accident propels him back to his youth and into a world in which gay is "normal" and straight is not accepted. Brad has to weigh whether to remain in the past and be "normal" or attempt to return to his old life. A local jock, who had ignored him before, now dates him. However, he grows attracted to a girl— his best friend/sister-in-law in the heteronormative world. The couple attempts to deal with the pressures of being straight in a gay world. Eventually, everyone dances with people of the opposite sex at the school ball, even though they are in the homonormative world, showing Brad\'s "acceptance" of his straightness is the past and his gay self in real life. He then returns to his life as a professor and re-unites with the jock, who turns out to be the gay father of a student of Brad\'s.'] ['The film begins in the Elizabethan Age shortly before the death of Queen Elizabeth I. On her deathbed, Elizabeth promises an androgynous young nobleman named Orlando a large tract of land and a castle built on it along with a generous monetary gift which she will only bequeath to him if he consents to her command, "Do not fade. Do not wither. Do not grow old." Both he and his heirs will keep the land and inheritance forever. Orlando acquiesces and resides in splendid isolation in the castle for a couple of centuries or so during which time he dabbles in poetry and art. His attempts to befriend a celebrated poet, however, backfire when the poet writes a devastating takedown of his poetry. Orlando then travels to Constantinople as British ambassador to the Turks, but he is almost killed in a diplomatic fracas there. Waking up the next morning, however, he learns something even more startling: he has physically transformed into a woman overnight. The now \'Lady\' Orlando comes home to her estate in Middle Eastern garb, only to learn that she faces several impending lawsuits arguing that Orlando was a woman to begin with and therefore has no right to the land or any of her/his royal inheritance. The succeeding two centuries tire her out; the court case, bad luck in love and the wars of British history eventually bring her up to the 1990s with a young daughter in tow and a book in search of a publisher. The editor who judges the work as "quite good" is, ironically, portrayed by Heathcoate Williams - the same actor who denigrated her poetry as a different character 200 years earlier. Having lived a most bizarre existence, Orlando finally finds a tranquil niche within it.  {{cquote}} Also the film ends in its "present day" in order to remain true to Virginia Woolf\'s use of real-time at the end of the novel.'] ['The story is set in a boys\' grammar school in Sheffield in 1983. Crowther, Posner, Dakin, Timms, Akthar, Lockwood, Scripps, and Rudge have recently obtained the school\'s highest ever A-level scores and are hoping to enter Oxford or Cambridge, taking a seventh-term entrance exam in History. The General Studies teacher, known by staff and boys alike by his nickname "Hector" , is their favourite, and works alongside their deputy head and regular History teacher, Mrs. Lintott . The headmaster, Felix , hires an energetic young contract teacher named Irwin  to assist Hector and Mrs Lintott in preparing the boys for the Oxbridge entrance exams. Irwin\'s style is utterly different from Hector\'s and Mrs. Lintott\'s; while the older teachers emphasise cultural and factual knowledges and the quest for truth, Irwin urges the boys to put a spin on their historical analysis, to value originality above objective truth. As the plot progresses we learn that Hector habitually offers some of his students rides home on his motorcycle and surreptitiously fondles his passengers. The boys have all come to a mutual understanding on the subject and, while mildly annoyed, laugh off their teacher\'s advances and more or less willingly continue to take turns riding home on the back of his bike. This practice eventually lands Hector in trouble as he is reported to the headmaster by a lollipop lady who witnesses his action. The headmaster insists that Hector retire early, and also that Hector and Irwin share a class; when they do, the group engages in a tense discussions such as about how best to analyse the Holocaust. As part of their General Studies the class acts out scenes from romantic films and literature, and Posner ([[Samuel Barnett  sings a love song – Rodgers and Hart\'s "Bewitched, Bothered and Bewildered" – which he pointedly directs towards Dakin . Later he seeks out Irwin to discuss his attraction to Dakin. Dakin, who characterises himself as an aspiring lecher, is currently pursuing an affair with the headmaster\'s secretary, Fiona . He is not displeased by Posner\'s attention, but finds himself interested by Irwin. Gradually, Dakin\'s quest to impress Irwin on an intellectual level evolves into a flirtatious, potentially sexual pursuit of his young teacher – who, as Posner, his friend Scripps  and even Hector note, is visibly attracted to Dakin. After interviews, when the boys receive their replies through the post, it seems that they have all gained Oxbridge places, except for the group\'s gauche sportsman, Rudge . When Mrs Lintott questions him, it turns out that Rudge had already been told at interview that he has a place, due to a family connection with the college . Dakin approaches Irwin in his classroom after the celebrations and reveals that he found no record of Irwin\'s attendance at Corpus, the Oxford college he claimed as his alma mater, and Irwin confesses that he lied about his past. Dakin then, "as a thank you", invites Irwin to give him a blowjob. They make an appointment to "have a drink" on Sunday. Dakin tells Irwin that he has seen two sides to Irwin—a reckless, challenging intellectual whilst teaching but an uptight, cautious personality in real life—and he cannot reconcile them. Dakin then proceeds to the Headmaster\'s office and, by threatening to reveal Felix\'s own sexual harassment of Fiona, forces him to reinstate Hector. The boys prepare to leave the grammar school at the end of that term, and Hector agrees to give Dakin a ride home on the motorbike "for old times\' sake". However, before they leave, the headmaster runs out and stops them, saying that Hector should not take one of the boys. He suggests that Hector take Irwin instead. Dakin gladly hands the helmet to him, and the screen fades to white as they drive off, the boys waving happily and laughing. Fast forward to a few days later, as it is revealed that the bike was in an accident on the way home, possibly caused by Irwin, never before having ridden on the back of a motorbike, leaning the wrong way on a corner. Irwin was badly injured and suffered total memory loss of his conversation with Dakin; Hector did not survive. At the memorial service, the boys sing "Bye Bye Blackbird" and the headmaster gives a trite eulogy. The scene then changes abruptly to an almost empty hall with only the eight boys and Mrs. Lintott present. "Will they come to my funeral, I wonder," Mrs Lintott remarks, before recounting the futures of the eight boys. They have entered a variety of careers: Akthar a headmaster, Crowther a magistrate, Timms the owner of a dry cleaning chain who takes drugs at weekends, Dakin a tax lawyer. Lockwood , who entered the army, died as a result of friendly fire at the age of 28 while serving in the York and Lancaster Regiment . Rudge has become a builder, Scripps a journalist, and Irwin stops teaching and becomes a maker of TV history documentaries. Finally, Posner reveals he has become a teacher who followed in Hector\'s footsteps, with similar ambivalence and angst, though without "touching the boys", which is "always a struggle. But maybe that\'s why I\'m a good teacher". The film ends with a collection of moments involving Hector, leading up to the moment that a photograph of the entire class was taken at Fountains Abbey, a scene from earlier in the film. The photo spans the entire screen, and the closing credits are played over the photo.'] ['“The Gay Marriage Thing” follows Gayle and Lorre, thirtysomething college sweethearts who marked their 15th anniversary a year after the Massachusetts Supreme Court ruled a ban on same-sex marriage unconstitutional. The film includes footage of protests outside the Massachusetts State House, the churches of the Reverends Rich Wiesenbach and Carlton Smith, and the state legislature leading up to May 17, 2004, the first date same-sex couples could file for marriage licenses in Massachusetts.'] ['Daniel, 35, is haunted by a stranger who regularly breaks into his house and spies on him. One day, the stranger, a seemingly harmless middle-aged man, confronts Daniel and tells him that he is the man of his life. Daniel is shocked by the admission and tells the stranger to stay away. Daniel has a girlfriend, Sonia, whom he persecutes yet also worships. Sonia prioritizes her career before her relationship with Daniel and ignores his needs.Synopsis Films de France. Retrieved on 11 December 2010'] ['Tony , a wealthy young Londoner, hires Hugo Barrett  as his manservant. Initially, Barrett appears to take easily to his new job, and he and Tony form a quiet bond, retaining their social roles. Relationships begin shifting, however, and they change with the introduction of Susan , Tony\'s girlfriend, who seems to be suspicious of Barrett and to loathe all he represents. Barrett brings Vera , whom he presents as his sister, into Tony\'s household as a maidservant, but it emerges that Vera is actually Barrett\'s lover. Through Barrett\'s and Vera\'s games and machinations, they reverse roles with Tony and Susan; Tony becomes more and more dissipated, sinking further into what he perceives as their level, as the "master" and the "servant" exchange roles. In the final scene, Tony has become wholly dependent on Barrett and Susan is exiled permanently from the house.  It was Losey who first showed Robin Maugham\'s novelette The Servant to Bogarde in 1954. Originally separately commissioned by director Michael Anderson, Pinter stripped it of its first-person narrator, its yellow book snobbery and the arguably anti-Semitic characterisation of Barrett - oiliness, heavy lids - replacing them with an economical language that implied rather than stated the slippage of power relations away from Tony towards Barrett. Losey&#39;s other collaborations with Pinter, Accident and The Go-Between, share a resemblance to The Servant in that they offer the same savage indictment of the waning English class system,Losey, Joseph. "The Servant." UK: Studio Canal, 2007 a theme which British film-makers had not previously explored.'] ["A young lesbian couple, Stella and Lenni, go on the run after the accidental death of Lenni's mother."] ['Steven Carter  is a sixteen-year-old middle-class schoolboy: intelligent and good-looking, but unathletic and introverted. Bullied at school, misunderstood at home, his only confidant is his neighbor and best friend, Linda . Keeping his sexuality hidden from everyone else, he cruises in public toilets. He is surprised to find the school jock, John Dixon  also cruising, but John denies that he is gay. At a school dance, Steven gains a friend after he comforts Jessica , after an argument with a boyfriend, who is also his bully, Kevin . When he returns home, John follows him and confides about his own sexuality. They decide to start a relationship. Word around the school spreads about someone being gay in the school, and John fears that Steven has been telling people. In order to maintain his status in the school, John beats up Steven in front of his friends. Steven announces in front of assembly that he is gay, and looks to John for support, but he does not. In the end, John apologizes for beating him up and says he loves him, but as he is too afraid to come out, Steven breaks up with him, wishing him happiness.'] ['In the far future, the known universe is ruled by Padishah Emperor Shaddam Corrino IV . The most important substance in his galactic empire is the spice melange. The spice has many special properties, such as extending life and expanding consciousness. The most profitable of its properties is its ability to assist the Spacing Guild with folding space. The spice is vital to space travel because it allows safe interstellar travel to any part of the universe instantaneously. Sensing a potential threat to spice production, the Guild sends an emissary to demand an explanation from the Emperor, who confidentially shares his plans to destroy House Atreides. The popularity of Duke Leto Atreides  has grown, and he is suspected to be amassing a secret army using sonic weapons called Weirding Modules, making him a threat to the Emperor. Shaddam\'s plan is to give the Atreides control of the planet Arrakis , the only source of spice, and to have them ambushed there by their longtime enemies, the Harkonnens. The Navigator commands the Emperor to kill the Duke\'s son, Paul Atreides , a young man who dreams prophetic visions of his purpose. The order draws the attention of the Bene Gesserit sisterhood, as Paul is tied to their centuries-long breeding program which seeks to produce the superhuman Kwisatz Haderach. Paul is tested by the Bene Gesserit Reverend Mother Gaius Helen Mohiam . With a deadly gom jabbar at his throat, Paul is forced to place his hand in a box which subjects him to excruciating pain. He passes to Mohiam\'s satisfaction. Meanwhile, on the industrial world of Giedi Prime, the sadistic Baron Vladimir Harkonnen  tells his nephews Glossu Rabban  and Feyd-Rautha  about his plan to eliminate the Atreides by manipulating someone into betraying the Duke. The Atreides leave Caladan for Arrakis, a barren desert planet plagued by gigantic sandworms and populated by the Fremen, mysterious people who have long held a prophecy that a messiah would come to lead them to freedom. Upon arrival on Arrakis, Leto is informed by one of his right-hand men, Duncan Idaho , that the Fremen have been underestimated, as they exist in vast numbers and could prove to be powerful allies. Leto gains the trust of Fremen, but before the Duke can establish an alliance with them, the Harkonnens launch their attack. While the Atreides had anticipated a trap, they are unable to withstand the attack, supported by the Emperor\'s elite troops, the Sardaukar, and aided by a traitor within House Atreides itself, Dr. Wellington Yueh . Captured, Leto dies in a failed attempt to assassinate the Baron Harkonnen using a poison gas capsule planted in his tooth by Dr. Yueh. Leto\'s concubine Lady Jessica  and his son Paul escape into the deep desert, where they manage to join a band of Fremen. Paul emerges as Muad\'Dib, the leader the Fremen have been waiting for. Paul teaches the Fremen to use the Weirding Modules and begins targeting mining production of spice. Within two years, spice production is effectively halted. The Emperor is warned by the Spacing Guild of the situation on Arrakis. The Guild fears that Paul will consume the Water of Life. These fears are revealed to Paul in a prophetic dream; he drinks the Water of Life and enters a coma. Awaking, he is transformed and gains control of the sandworms of Arrakis. He has discovered that water kept in huge caches by the Fremen can be used to destroy the spice. Paul has also seen into space and the future; the Emperor is amassing a huge invasion fleet above Arrakis to regain control of the planet and the spice. Upon the Emperor\'s arrival at Arrakis, he executes Rabban for failing to remedy the spice situation. Paul launches a final attack against the Harkonnens and the Emperor at the capital city of Arrakeen. His Fremen warriors defeat the Emperor\'s legions of Sardaukar, while Paul\'s sister Alia  kills Baron Harkonnen. Paul faces the defeated Emperor and relieves him of power, then engages Feyd-Rautha in a duel to the death. After Paul defeats Feyd, rain falls on Arrakis. Alia declares, "And how can this be? For he is the Kwisatz Haderach!"'] ["Aaron, a married Orthodox Jewish father of four living in Jerusalem, takes over his family’s butcher shop after the recent death of his father. Ezri, a nineteen year old homeless Yeshiva student, visits the shop to use the telephone. After turning down Ezri's offer to help around the shop, he later finds Ezri asleep in the local synagogue and offers him space to stay at the shop. Aaron takes Ezri on as an apprentice and encourages his religious studies and his talent for drawing. The two men become close after Ezri invites Aaron to take a ritual bath in the outskirts of the city. Rivka, Aaron’s devoted wife, initially welcomes her husband’s apprentice into their family circle. One evening after Aaron asks Ezri to draw his portrait, Ezri makes a sexual advance, which Aaron rebuffs. Later, however they kiss and begin a sexual relationship. Rivka becomes suspicious when her husband begins to arrive late at home. Rabbi Vaisben, a family friend, warns Aaron against associating too closely with Ezri, reporting that he was expelled from his local yeshiva, but Aaron defends him. Rivka, increasingly concerned, sees them leaving the shop together late at night. Being a devout religious man, living in a Haredi community, Aaron is torn between his family and devotion to God, and the intense feelings he has for Ezri .Internet Movie Database[http://www.filmfund.org.il/page.aspx?sectionmovie&itemidOctober 2012}} Aaron is repeatedly told that Ezri is a bad influence and perhaps even cursed; local people start warning Ezri to stay away from them. Flyers begin to circulate in the neighborhood, prompting many to boycott the butcher's shop. Under increasing social, commercial and family pressure, Aaron tries to break off ties with Ezri but is unable to bring himself to do so. Confronted by Rabbi Vaiseben, Aaron is unabashed, feeling alive only now. Ezri encounters his former lover on the streets of their neighborhood, which escalates into Ezri being attacked by some locals. Aaron witnesses the attack but does not intervene. He consoles Ezri afterwards, but they both realize it is time for Ezri to leave the community. Aaron continues to be distressed by this, asking for Rivka's understanding and protection. He returns early one morning to the spot where he took a bath with Ezri. He submerges himself beneath the water for a prolonged period before the camera fades to black."] ['Secret agent Jeff Sutton arrives in Rio with $10 million dollars, and finds himself embroiled in a war between Sir Masius, a British mobster, and the megalomaniacal Sumuru. From her secret city, "Femina", Sumuru assembles an army of women with which she will conquer the world. Masius, hoping to find Femina and steal Sumuru\'s riches, tries to use Sutton as his pawn. Ultimately, Sutton leads a squadron of helicopters on an attack on Femina. Knowing she\'s beaten, she chooses to destroy Femina rather than let Masius have its wealth. Sutton barely makes it out of Femina before it self-destructs, presumably killing both Sumuru and Masius. Nevertheless, the film concludes with Sumuru aboard a ship leaving Rio, joined by a group of women who are apparently her followers.'] ['On September 30, 1975, an all-female fan club called the Disciples of James Dean meets inside a Woolworth\'s five-and-dime store in McCarthy, Texas,{{rp}} Joe is busy stocking up some new issues of Photoplay magazine; Mona arrives late due to the weather. To Juanita\'s chagrin, Sissy, Mona and Joe go up at the counter and begin singing a doo-wop tune called "Sincerely". Back in 1975, the sun is still shining; another two Disciples, Stella Mae and Edna Louise, make their way to the five-and-dime, bringing a red jacket that the club used to wear. Mona joins them and explains that the bus she was riding on broke down and had to be repaired. Looking at a group picture , she recalls the last time the Disciples, all dressed in jackets, came together. As reunion preparations continue, so does the flashback.  When Mona reveals that Dean chose her to raise his son, Juanita thinks that she is "warped and demented". Mona loses her temper when Sissy badmouths her; the latter goes outside to "cool off". Mona and Juanita leave the shop for a while, and see a window shopper, Joanne, driving in a Porsche sports car. Joanne has arrived in McCarthy thanks to an old highway sign promoting Dean\'s son at the store. The Disciples learn that she had a sex change operation{{rp}} As the reunion winds down, it appears that Jo/Joanne was the father of Mona\'s never-seen 20-year-old son, Jimmy Dean, who has stolen Joanne\'s Porsche. The Disciples make a pact to hold another one in the next twenty years. Mona refuses. She, Cissy and Joanne appear in front of the mirrors and sing "Sincerely" again. The film ends with shots of the decaying, abandoned five-and-dime store, while the song fades and the wind blows.'] ['Henry Harding MP, a British government minister on a moral crusade, hires an inexperienced young computer whizzkid, Peter Emery who works for a Christian computer company called Holy Hardware, to infiltrate the United Kingdom BDSM scene. Harding is set on putting a club called "House of Thwax" run by Mistress Tanya Cheex out of business, and is sure that Peter\'s secretly videotaped evidence of the club\'s activities will do the trick. However, the virginal Peter takes a liking to Tanya Cheex and finds himself falling for the Mistress. Amongst the locations used Layer Marney Tower in Essex plays a pivotal role for a party scene.'] ['Val Goldman and Barbara Keeley are engaged to be married, and wish to have their families meet. Val\'s father, Armand, owns The Birdcage, a South Beach drag club. His domestic partner is Albert, who appears regularly as "Starina," the show\'s star drag queen. Barbara\'s father is ultraconservative Republican Ohio Senator Kevin Keeley, who is seeking re-election as the co-founder of the "Coalition for Moral Order". Fearing their reaction if they learn the truth about Val\'s parents, Barbara tells her parents that Armand is a cultural attaché to Greece, that Albert is a housewife, and that they divide their time between Greece and Florida; she also changes the family\'s last name from Goldman to Coleman to hide their Jewish background. Kevin receives a phone call: Senator Jackson, Kevin\'s colleague and co-founder of the Coalition for Moral Order, has been found dead in the bed of an underage African-American prostitute; the event receives a large amount of coverage in the media. Louise Keeley proposes a visit to meet their new in-laws as a diversion to save Kevin\'s political career, and Barbara\'s marriage into a white, "traditional, wholesome" all-American family will give the Senator excellent PR material. Barbara phones Val in South Beach about the lies she has told her parents. Val convinces Armand to go along with the farce. Armand has the house redecorated in an austere manner, and begins remaking himself as an unassuming, conventional, heterosexual American male. He contacts Val\'s biological mother, Katherine Archer, and she agrees to join in the charade he is planning. Despite the changes to the house and Katherine\'s help, Armand realizes that Albert\'s outlandish, effeminate mannerisms will reveal the true nature of the Goldman household. Armand asks Albert not to be present for the dinner party that evening; Albert is offended and threatens to leave Armand. A compromise is reached where Albert will act as Val\'s uncle, but this soon falls apart when Albert cannot effectively pretend to be heterosexual. Another argument ensues and Albert locks himself in his bedroom. As the evening draws nearer, Agador, the Goldman\'s flamboyant gay housekeeper, has been made into a butler and chef for the evening, despite the fact that he cannot cook and never wears shoes. The Keeleys arrive at Armand\'s residence, but Katherine, who is to play Val\'s mother,  is stuck in traffic. Kevin and Louise are worried that Armand\'s nervousness is because he has heard about the Jackson scandal and is uncomfortable having the Keeleys in his house. Suddenly, Albert emerges dressed as a middle-aged mother. Armand and Val are horrified, fearing that Katherine\'s arrival will destroy the illusion. Agador has prepared nothing for dinner but a bizarre soup containing shrimp and hard-boiled eggs. Despite the many challenges facing them, Armand, Val and Barbara all act the part and interact with Albert as "Mrs. Coleman". Before dinner, Louise notices that the soup bowls depict men in homoerotic poses in a classical Greek style. Armand insists that she is mistaken and promptly fills everyone\'s bowl with the soup before the Keeleys can take a closer look. The primary topic of conversation is politics and, despite many potential pitfalls, Albert wins over the Senator with a very right-wing tirade on the moral collapse of American society. Louise is still suspicious: the dinner was terrible and Armand kept leaving the table. Kevin defends Albert as a true lady and remarks that Armand is just a "pretentious European". Val leaves a note for Katherine on the front door, informing her not to come inside, but two paparazzi photographers, hoping for a scoop, remove the note. Katherine arrives and introduces herself as "Mrs. Goldman". Kevin demands to know why there are two Mrs. Colemans; Val realizes that he cannot keep lying and pulls off Albert\'s wig, explaining to the Keeleys that while Katherine is his biological mother, Albert is his primary mother figure. Kevin and Louise are taken aback upon learning that Albert and Armand are gay Jewish nightclub owners. Louise breaks down and Kevin announces that they are leaving and demands that Barbara come with them, but the Keeleys have been followed by paparazzi and are trapped as news crews arrive. The Goldmans, Keeleys, Katherine and Agador consider the best plan of action. Val and Barbara explain why they deceived Kevin and Louise and are forgiven, but the Keeleys fear being tangled up in a scandal if spotted in a gay nightclub. Albert choreographs the Keeleys\' escape by dressing them up in drag and having them leave the club as the night\'s show ends. The plan works and none of the media crews recognize Kevin, Louise or Barbara. The group leaves South Beach with Katherine. Val and Barbara are married in an interfaith ceremony attended by their families.'] ['James is a withdrawn and secretive teenager, coming from a family with long-buried secrets. With no friends and a refusal to confide with his parents, he faces an inner battle as he comes to terms with his sexuality. Mr Sutherland, Jame\'s literature teacher, is his sole beacon of hope, believing that he may understand the trouble he faces. However, in his moment of need, Sutherland, concerned by the risks involved, fails to provide James with the support he needs. Devoid of hope, he makes an audacious decision to turn to seemingly the last person who can help, an old man he met in the public toilets.James  IMDB Plot Summary"James - a coming of age film by Connor Clements", Interview by TheSkyKid.Com'] ['Kyle  breaks up with Marc , his love interest from the first movie, accusing him of flirting with hotter men. Kyle, Tiffani  and Gwen, friends from the first movie, all become attracted to Troy , a chiseled farm boy from Troy, Illinois, who poses nude for their art class. Troy befriends and confides in them that he has slept with both girls and men, but is reluctant to embrace any gay feelings. Kyle and the girls devise a scheme in which Kyle pretends to be an ex-gay who is dating Tiffani, to overcome Troy\'s inhibitions and get him to sleep with the both of them. While Kyle and Troy start attending meetings with the campus ex-gay ministry, Marc notices Kyle becoming close with Troy and decides to try to seduce Troy himself. Troy eventually succumbs to Marc\'s advances during Gwen\'s homoerotic photo shoot, and the two fool around, but Marc cannot go through with it because he still has feelings for Kyle. Troy then overhears Gwen and Marc talking about the entire scheme. Wanting to get back at the schemers, Troy visits Tiffani and Kyle because supposedly they have an "arrangement" that lets Kyle sleep with men. They attempt a threesome, but Troy gets his revenge by goading them into performing an uncomfortable act of cunnilingus first. Gwen and Marc storm into Kyle\'s house after witnessing the debacle, and Troy scolds the group for being so sex-crazy. Troy ultimately concludes that he is bisexual  and Kyle admits he was wrong to leave Marc. The five then start scheming to out Jacob , the closeted leader of the ex-gay ministry, to his mother by tricking him to have sex with Octavio, another member of the ministry, in a portable toilet on wheels. Jacob finally comes out to his mother , and flees with Octavio. Troy takes a liking to Tiffani and they start a relationship. In the end, Marc and Kyle get back together after confessing their feelings to each other and start kissing. Gwen starts to date a girl experimentally.'] ["Father Sweeney , a gay Catholic priest living with HIV, commits suicide. His death leads local investigative journalist David Foley  to write a story that publicly identifies Sweeney as having HIV. At the local seminary, two students near ordination are expelled because one, Daniel  was seen leaving the room of the other, Niall . Niall is gay and Daniel is straight and they engaged in no sexual activity but were still expelled for the sake of appearances. Daniel returns home, where he is torn between his calling to the priesthood and his love for his ex-girlfriend Sinead . Daniel meets with Foley, who writes a follow-up article exposing a covered-up AIDS protest that Sweeney had staged at the Vatican three years earlier and Daniel's dismissal. He also alleges that cardinals close to the Pope are engaged in sexual relationships and calls on the Church to re-examine its celibacy requirement for priests. The local bishop, Michael Quinn , pressures the editor of the local paper not to run the second story. The editor acquiesces but after reading the story sends it to the Irish Times, which prints it. The next day the bishop, his aide, Foley and Daniel appear together in a live television debate. Before the broadcast, agents of the Church threaten to harm Foley's family unless he retracts his story on the air. Bishop Quinn offers to reinstate Daniel if Daniel is willing to admit he has been wrong. On-air Foley capitulates but Daniel does not, asking the bishop if he himself practices celibacy. When the bishop refuses to answer, Father Sweeney's partner, former priest Matthew Francis  confronts Quinn with Sweeney's suicide note in which Sweeney discloses that Quinn and he had had an affair. At film's end, Daniel is back at home with Sinead."] ['The film follows the relationship between Bob  and Brendan , roommates at George Washington University in Washington, DC, five years after Bob made his romantic feelings toward Brendan known. When the two reconnect at the wedding of college friends, Bob is in a serious relationship with a soap opera star Sterling Scott  while Brendan is single and re-examining his own identity.'] ["Tao is a tomboyish university student who supports her studies by writing for her uncle's racy pulp pornographic magazine Sayew, despite the fact that she has never had sex herself. The magazine is struggling financially, so Tao's uncle, Dr. Porn, tells her she needs to spice up her stories or else be sacked. After writing fantasties about her neighbors doesn't work, Tao takes the advice of her uncle and starts reaching for first-hand experience to draw on, turning to the macho magazine photographer and writer, Young Stallion. However, the sexually uncertain Tao also has fantasies about a female classmate, Mui."] ['In the local cabaret "Hannah and Her Brothers", Hana relates the story of the main character, Martin, and his journey of self-discovery through the songs of the Slovak chanteuse Hana Hegerová. The music and lyrics play and important role illustrating and commenting on the action.'] ["On an island in the Paraná Delta of Argentina, Álvaro  works as a fisherman and a reed cutter. His homosexuality and love of books make him an outsider in the small village. The brutish El Turu  captains La León, the town ferry. He views Álvaro as a threat, bullying him almost constantly. However, as the film progresses, El Turu's hidden attraction to Álvaro becomes obvious.La León | 2007 Seattle International Film Festival | Santiago Otheguy | ArgentinaProgram - Sydney Film FestivalLa León Yahoo! Movies"] ['The film begins with Hubert Minel giving a black-and-white monologue explaining how he loves his mother but can’t stand being her son; he also reveals that when he was younger things were better between them. Hubert is a 16-year-old Québécois living in suburban Montreal with his single mother, Chantale, who divorced Hubert\'s father, Richard, when he was younger. Hubert barely sees his father and this adds to the animosity between mother and son. Driving him to school one morning an argument starts about Chantale applying makeup whilst driving, the argument ends when Chantale stops the car and tells him to walk to school. At school Hubert claims to his teacher, Ms Cloutier that his mother is dead. After the teacher finds out that it is a lie, she expresses this lie as "you killed your mother". This inspires Hubert to write an essay for school titled "I killed my mother". Later in the film, Hubert\'s friend Antonin is revealed to be his boyfriend, but Hubert has not told his mother and she finds out from Antonin\'s mother, who thought she knew. Chantale, to some extent, accepts his homosexuality; however she appears hurt that her son didn\'t tell her. Hubert wants to live in his own apartment, and is happy that his mother says it is a good idea, but the next day she has changed her mind and does not allow it, she thinks he is too young. Their relationship continues to deteriorate and Hubert goes to live with his boyfriend. His father Richard invites him over however once there Richard and Chantale tell Hubert they\'ve decided to send him to a boarding school in Coaticook. Hubert is deeply angered that his father makes the decision being as Hubert only see his father at Christmas and Easter. At the Catholic boarding school Hubert meets Eric, with whom he has an affair. Eric invites Hubert to go to a nightclub with the other students, where they kiss and Hubert takes speed. He takes the Metro home, wakes his mother, and has an emotional conversation with her. The next morning, she sends Hubert back to the boarding school. Back at school, Hubert is beaten by two fellow students. Hubert runs away with the help of Antonin who has borrowed his mother\'s car. On the journey Antonin tells Hubert that he is selfish and only cares about himself. The school\'s principal calls Chantale to inform her of the developments as well revealing the note Hubert left; saying he will be "In his kingdom". The principal also begins to lecture Chantale which causes her to have an angry outburst at him, saying how he thinks he\'s better than her and who he has no right to judge a single mother. Chantale knows exactly where Hubert\'s "kingdom" is; the house he lived as a child with both his parents and indeed Hubert and Antonin are there. Chantale sits next Hubert overlooking the beach. The film ends with a home movie clip of Hubert as a child playing with his mother.'] ['A group of friends, lovers and relatives assemble for the funeral of Stuart. Devastated by Stuart\'s death, his brother-in-law, lover and best friend decide to take their lives in hand. Dan is a faithful and loving father and husband, until the day he meets Corinne. This buxom and sublime Frenchwoman seduces Dan with her honesty and hedonism, so much so that he wonders if he hasn\'t missed out on life. Nick, a homosexual restaurant owner, begins a relationship with a high-spirited young woman right after losing his lover, Stuart. When their apparently innocent relationship takes a more intimate turn, Nick is troubled by his feelings for his female comrade. Tim, carefree and charismatic, comes home after eight years abroad. Still looking for that "elusive something" that has been missing in his life, Tim finds it in a woman who works in a fashion boutique. But confronted with his future for the first time, the only thing that stands in the way is this unknown woman\'s past.'] ['After two strip club workers disappear and are found dead later on, a team of reporters unearth a mysterious tape which shows the women being followed and later murdered by the camera man. After investigating the cases further, the reporters on the team become targeted by the murderer and have other chilling tapes sent to them. The team are joined by the host of the hit television show American Crime, who assists them on their journey to uncover the true murderer, as a man was already sent to jail for the killings. With a disbelieving sheriff ignoring the case, the reporters must solve the crime themselves before they themselves are killed.'] ["Duncan Mudge  is a shy, isolated, sexually confused farm boy whose mother has recently died, leaving him under the supervision of a stern, depressed father. Duncan seems somehow to have transferred his love for the deceased mother to his favorite chicken, which he takes everywhere, even to bed. He has developed the odd habit of putting the chicken's head in his mouth -- to calm the animal, he says. Duncan also likes to dress in his late mother's clothing, much to the distress of his confused father. The small, insular band of conformist teens that comprise adolescent social life in Duncan's world initially ostracize him, then allow him in to their circle only reluctantly, and largely for their own amusement. Duncan is beset with a profound sense of grief while trying to reconcile himself to a world in which he is a sexual alien. His crush on one of the local kids, Perry , leads to a violent resolution where Duncan relinquishes that which he loves."] ['It\'s Christmas Eve and John  is asleep in a Los Angeles park. He awakens as someone is stealing his shoes, in which he keeps his money. He chases the thief but can\'t catch him. John is angered not only because those are his "lucky" sneakers but because he\'s trying to accumulate enough money for an overnight stay in a fancy hotel to celebrate his birthday, which is also Christmas. Each time John puts any money together, either by turning a trick, robbing the house of one of his regular "dates" or stealing from potential clients, it\'s taken from him either by robbery or in payback for a drug deal where he burned the dealer. Meanwhile, Donner , a fellow hustler who\'s new to the streets and has fallen for John, tries to convince John to go with him to Branson, Missouri. Donner has a relative who runs a theme park there who can get them jobs. John is initially resistant to the idea but, after some particularly bad experiences, agrees to go. John and Donner have enough money for two bus tickets to Branson but John takes one last "date" to earn money for expenses. After their sexual encounter at a motel, however, John\'s "date" turns violent, beating John unmercifully. Donner goes in search of John and finds him at the motel. Donner drags John\'s lifeless body from the bathroom to the bed and tearfully confesses that he\'s the one who stole John\'s sneakers and money in a desperate attempt to persuade John to leave town with him. The next morning, Donner dons John\'s lucky sneakers and boards the bus for Branson.'] ['Tierra Madre is based on Aidee Gonzalez’s true life, a woman living on the Mexican border towns of Tecate and Tijuana, determined to raise her children with her female partner. This narrative feature makes the strong case of the strength, the independence and the solidarity that exits among women of all ages.'] ['Alba  seduces a stranger Natasha  at a club . Alba invites Natasha to her hotel room in what seems merely a harmless sexual adventure crowning their last night in Rome. Natasha is at first reluctant - she insists she likes men and is not a lesbian. Alba says that many who experience lesbian relationships never go back to men. It is clear that Alba has done this before. However, through stories, memories and interaction with artworks in the room, the two connect tremendously, descending more and more into the depths of truth, trust, and ultimately love. The lovers eventually agree to part ways, returning to their previous lives in Russia and Spain. However, the ending of the film is ambiguous.'] ['After performing at a local club, trans women Rachel Slurr and Emma Grashun plan to party with Nacho and Chuey. When the guys tell them that they have a third friend, the girls convince their reluctant friend Bubbles Cliquot to join them. The girls drive to a warehouse where they are joined by Nacho and Chuey, along with their partner Boner. Bubbles tells her friends that Boner had recently drugged and raped her during a hook-up when he discovered she was transgender. Vowing to "finish the job", Boner, Nacho and Chuey attack the girls. Emma and Rachel are severely wounded but Bubbles is able to call her "mother" Pinky La\'Trimm and Tipper Sommore and escape. Pinky and Tipper find Bubbles outside the warehouse and head inside to rescue Rachel and Emma. Instead, they are overpowered by the men and Boner attacks Bubbles again outside. Some time later, Bubbles awakens from a coma. She learns from Pinky and Rachel that Emma and Tipper are dead. After Bubbles is discharged from the hospital, her friend Fergus trains the three surviving women in martial arts. Back at Bubbles\' apartment, Boner, Nacho and Chuey break in and overpower her again, tying her to a chair. Boner offers Bubbles a choice of ways to die but he momentarily turns his back on her. When he turns back Nacho and Chuey are unconscious and Bubbles, freed, knocks him out. A flashback reveals that Bubbles, Pinky, and Rachel set a trap for the men. Boner regains consciousness to learn that the women have placed switchblade knives in the rectal cavities of Nacho and Chuey and a gun in his own rectum, weapons that will be triggered if any of them make any sudden moves. In a series of convoluted action sequences, Nacho and Chuey each recovers his knife and battles one of the women. Rachel kills Chuey and Pinky battles Nacho until Boner recovers his gun and holds it on Bubbles. Bubbles wrestles him for the weapon and, as Pinky finishes off Nacho, Bubbles shoots Boner in the chest. Pinky and Rachel each impale Boner with their thrown knives and Bubbles wrenches a large knife out of Nacho\'s skull and splits Boner\'s head with it, finally killing him.'] ["Three high school students experience the perks and pitfalls of love in director Leste Chen's sensitive tale of friendship and yearning. As a child living in a seaside town in southern Taiwan, studious Jonathan  was asked by his concerned teacher to look after rebellious classmate Shane . Ten years later, what was once a good-natured obligation has since blossomed into a warm friendship, with Jonathan still on the academic track and Shane now finding his calling on the basketball court. Taiwan-born schoolgirl Carrie  arrives from Hong Kong to join her mother after a disagreement with her father and transfers to their school. She befriends Jonathan and convinces him to join her on a secret day-trip to Taipei and in the evening she seduces him in a sleazy hotel but Jonathan backs down clearly distraught. Eventually, her observations of his and Shane's friendship leads her to believe that he is gay and in love with his best friend. Carrie then meets Shane through Jonathan after a school day where Shane develops an interest in Carrie. Despite her initial misgivings about the boorish Shane, she eventually gives in to the troublemaker's roguish charms. She accepts his offer to become his girlfriend on the condition that he manages to enter university. Later, Shane pulls his act together and tests into University, but Jonathan, distracted by his burgeoning sexual identity crisis, does not. Shane does his best to keep his feelings for Carrie secret in order to protect the feelings of his lifelong friend. Despite all their best efforts to keep their personal feelings secret, the truth eventually emerges, forcing all three to view their relationships in an entirely new light."] ['The film stars Pascale Bussières as Camille Baker, a university literature professor at a religious college struggling with both her tenure-track career and her troubled relationship with fellow professor Martin . When a carnival subsequently comes to town, Camille is confused by her unexpected lesbian attraction to Petra , a sexy, free-spirited circus performer. The cast also includes Don McKellar, Clare Coulter, Tracy Wright and Tom Melissis.'] ["Miguel, a young man from Quezon province, leaves the Philippines for the U.S. After seven years, he returns home, and his family discovers he has had a sex change operation and is now Michelle. Her father is stunned by this development, and other hostile reactions erupt. She declares she will stay until her family accepts her. She has also caused a crisis for an old friend who was going to get married without ever admitting he was gay. Michelle's bravery makes him think again."] ['In 1950s South Africa, a land torn apart by apartheid, Amina epitomizes individuality and freedom. She runs the Location Café, a haven of fun, food and festivities open to all. Amina defines her own laws and lives on her own terms undeterred by the reproving police and the disparaging Indian community. Miriam demurely follows conventions and makes no demands on life. Her world is confined to being a doting mother to her three children and a subservient wife to her chauvinistic husband Omar. Amina has a covert business partner Jacob. By virtue of being ‘coloured’ he is not allowed to own a business. Jacob fancies a local white postmistress Madeleine but their desire to pursue a relationship is thwarted by the indignities and injustices of the prevalent laws. Omar’s sister Rehmat marries a white man against rules that forbid mixed marriages. When she needs protection from police Amina shelters her. Amina’s charm and strength of character captivate Miriam. When Amina accepts a farming job in her backyard Miriam secretly rejoices at the opportunity to connect with her. Amina notices Miriam’s inherent kindness and silent dedication and the mutual attraction between them grows. They bare their hearts to each other and their emotions get entangled. They contrive another reason to meet – driving lessons. The inescapable social distance between them makes them question their feelings but in the midst of hatred and oppression their only refuge is love. In the resplendent South African landscape with retro music strewn in the background, The World Unseen explores Miriam’s relationship with Amina and how it empowers her to make personal choices that change her world.'] [" When rock star Johnny Boz  is viciously stabbed to death with an ice pick during sex by a mysterious blonde woman, homicide detective Nick Curran  is sent to investigate. The only suspect is Catherine Tramell , a crime novelist who was the last person to be seen with Boz on the night he died. Nick and his partner, Gus Moran , visit her Pacific Heights mansion, but they find only Catherine's lesbian lover, Roxy , who sends them to Catherine's Stinson Beach house. When they ask Catherine about her relationship with Boz, she shows little emotion at hearing he is dead. Nick and Gus, along with their superiors, discover that Catherine has written a novel about a former rock star who was killed in the same way as Boz . During questioning by detectives, including Nick, at police headquarters, Catherine engages in provocative behavior, refuses to extinguish her cigarette, and re-crosses her legs — her short skirt revealing that she is not wearing underwear. Nick, who accidentally shot two tourists while high on cocaine, attends counseling sessions with police psychologist Dr. Beth Garner , with whom he has had an affair. After the interrogation, Nick goes to a bar with co-workers and is taunted by Lieutenant Marty Nilsen , an internal affairs investigator bent on making life difficult for Nick. When Beth arrives, Nick leaves with her, and has aggressive sex with her in his apartment. Nick learns that Catherine has a troubled history: Her parents were killed in a boating accident when she was an adolescent, leaving her a fortune; one of her college counselors, Noah Goldstein, was stabbed in his sleep with an ice pick when Catherine was attending UC Berkeley, and her former fiancé, boxer Manny Vasquez, was killed in the ring during a prize fight in Atlantic City. He also discovers that Catherine makes a habit of befriending murderers, including Hazel Dobkins, a woman who stabbed her husband and children for no apparent reason. During a visit to her house, Catherine taunts Nick with information that should be confidential. As a police psychologist, Beth is the only person with access to that information. When Nick confronts Beth, she admits that she handed his file to Nilsen, who threatened to discharge Nick if he could not evaluate him directly. An enraged Nick storms into Nilsen's office, assaults him, and accuses him of having sold Nick's file to Catherine. Nilsen then suspends Nick, who goes home and spends the evening drinking. Beth visits him, but after a heated argument, he throws her out. Later that night, Nilsen is found dead in his car, shot once in the head with a .38 caliber revolver. Because of their recent altercation, Nick is the prime suspect. A torrid affair between Nick and Catherine begins with the air of a cat-and-mouse game. Catherine explains that she will base her next novel's character — a cop falling for the wrong woman only to be killed by her — on Nick, while at the same time he declares his love for her and his unchanged intention to nail her for Boz's murder. A jealous Roxy tries to run Nick over with Catherine's car, but after a car chase she is killed in a crash. Her death reveals that she too has a murderous past — she killed her two brothers with a razor when she was a teenager . After Roxy's death, Catherine seems genuinely saddened, and Nick begins to doubt her guilt. Catherine later reveals that a previous lesbian encounter at college went awry when the girl, Lisa Hoberman, became obsessed with her. Nick identifies the girl as Beth Garner, who acknowledges the encounter but claims it was Catherine who became obsessed. It is also discovered that Beth's husband was killed in an unsolved drive-by shooting, shot with a .38 caliber revolver. Nick visits Catherine's house. Before Catherine comes into the room he sees on a printer the final pages of Catherine's new detective book. He quickly reads a few lines, in which the fictional detective finds his partner lying dead with his legs protruding from the doors of an elevator. Catherine comes in and explains that she has finished her book, and coldly ends the affair. Upset, Nick meets Gus, who has arranged to meet with Catherine's college roommate at a hotel to find out what really went on between Catherine and Beth. As Nick waits in the car, Gus enters the hotel elevator. As he exits the elevator a hooded figure jumps out and stabs him multiple times in the neck with an ice pick. Nick figures out there is trouble brewing and runs into the building, but he arrives too late to save Gus and finds him lying dead with his legs protruding from the doors of the elevator. Hearing the floor creak, Nick grabs Gus' gun and turns to find Beth standing in the hallway, explaining she received a message to meet Gus there. However, Nick suspects that she murdered Gus, and as Beth moves her hand in her pocket, he shoots her. With her final breath, Beth tells Nick that she loved him. A dejected Nick checks her pocket, only to find her keys. The police arrive, and in a staircase discover a blond wig, an SFPD raincoat, and an ice pick, the weapon used to murder Gus, concluding that Beth ditched the items when she heard Nick coming up. A search of Beth's apartment turns up the evidence needed to brand her as the killer of Boz, Gus, Nilsen, and presumably her own husband—the matching revolver, Catherine's novels, and photos chronicling the writer's life. At police headquarters, all the other detectives quickly piece together the story and conclude that Beth was the killer. Nick sits on his desk, confused and dejected, knowing based on Catherine's foreknowledge of the manner of Gus' death that she must actually have been the killer, and that she must have set Beth up. Nick returns to his apartment where he is met by Catherine, knowing she's the killer. She explains her reluctance to commit to him, but then the two make love. Afterward, the conversation turns toward their possible future as a couple. Nick looks wary of her, knowing that Catherine must be the killer. While talking, Nick turns his back on Catherine as she slowly reaches for something underneath the bed. He suggests their future will comprise sex and children. Catherine says she hates children and Nick then suggests their future will then just involve sex. At this, Catherine stops reaching for something under the bed, and she throws her arms around Nick, convincing him, and the two resume making love as the camera slowly pans down to show what she was reaching for under the bed: an ice pick. It implies that Catherine is the killer, and she also plans to kill Nick."] ['Not long after coming to terms with his homosexuality, 17-year-old Gerardo has broken up with his first serious boyfriend. Trying to ease his pain he has a number of casual sexual encounters in Mexico City.'] ['Once installed as king, Edward II summons his friend and lover, Piers Gaveston, to his side and showers him with gifts, titles and abiding love. Their relationship is fiery and passionate, but it is the focus of gossip and derision throughout the kingdom. Upon his return, Gaveston takes revenge on the Bishop of Winchester, who had been responsible for his banishment from England during the previous reign, by personally torturing him. Kent, Edwards’ brother, is the first to protest Gaveston\'s return. Many others feel the same way, including the Bishop of Winchester and Lord Mortimer, who is in charge of the army forces of the kingdom. Nevertheless, Edward defends his lover from his mounting enemies. A pleasure-seeker, Edward is quite distracted from affairs of state, much to the distress and anger of the court . Queen Isabella, Edward’s French wife, vainly tries everything to win him back from his lover, but she is mercilessly rejected by her husband. Love starved, Isabella turns to Gaveston, who inflames Isabella’s desire by whispering obscenities in her ear, and then mocks her responsiveness. The handsome, hedonistic and opportunistic Gaveston repels everyone except the King. His enemies join forces and threaten Edward with dethronment and exile; Edwards is forced to comply with their wishes and sends Gaveston away. The lovers\' separation is serenaded by Annie Lennox’s rendition of Cole Porter\'s "Ev\'ry Time We Say Goodbye". The queen hopes that once Gaveston is away she could reconcile with her husband, but he rejects her once again. In a last effort to regain her husband\'s affection, she allows Gaveston to return. The king and his lover resume their relationship, but their enemies are ready to strike back. Isabella and Mortimer, who becomes her lover, plan to rule the realm through Edward and Isabella\'s young son, the future Edward III. When Kent tries to save his brother, he is murdered by Isabella. The nobles are soon plotting to get rid not only of Gaveston but also the king. Mortimer, their leader, is a military man and practicing sadomasochist who takes a grim pleasure in personally torturing Gaveston and the lovers\' friend Spencer, who he addresses as "girl boy." Their torture takes place while there is a clash between the police and members of the British gay rights organization Outrage. After Gaveston and Spencer’s assassinations, Edward, who has been thrown in a dungeon, is executed by impalement on a red-hot poker. This hideous fate is presented as a nightmare from which the imprisoned King awakens. The executioner, when he does arrive, tosses away his lethal weapon and kisses the man he was sent to kill. Back in the castle, Mortimer and Isabella enjoy their triumph just briefly. The King\'s young son, Edward III, who all along has been neglected by both parents witnessing their quarrels, has donned his mother\'s earrings and lipstick and, while listening to classical music on his Walkman, walks atop a cage that imprisons his mother and Mortimer.'] ['In 1980s Europe, flamboyant and gay 16-year-old Chance Marquis shows up at an international high school in a top hat and tails, immediately attracting the attention of the "queer-hating" resident bully, among others. Through his involvement in the school newspaper, he meets an introverted photographer with a mysterious briefcase, and while practicing tennis, he befriends a catty fashionista, both of whom act as his wingmen in his new high school. He also meets the jock-next-door, with whom he forms a tentative friendship, despite the jock\'s cacophonous group of friends. The film follows Chance through a year of high school, with its attendant drama, successes, and hijinks—including sneaking into a drag bar, where Chance begins to explore his true self. Themes underscored throughout the film include facing one\'s fears as one grows into adulthood, and the barriers that people put up in order to cope with life. Chance claims to be strong with his nonchalant attitude, but when photos of him in drag show up all over school, Chance must face his own preachings of staying true to oneself.'] [' Daniel Hillard  is a talented, unemployed actor and a devoted father loved by his three children Chris , Lydia  and Natalie . However his marriage to his workaholic wife, Miranda , is increasingly strained as the uptight Miranda has grown to dislike her husband\'s immature and spontaneous behavior. Daniel hires a mobile petting zoo and throws a large birthday party for his son Chris, despite knowing his wife would not allow it. After receiving a complaint at her business from a neighbor, Miranda decides this is the last straw, and demands a divorce. Since Daniel has no steady source of income or home, Miranda gets primary custody of their children. Daniel has visitation rights limited to Saturday evenings, devastating him as he adores his children. The judge acknowledges this and agrees to consider a joint custody arrangement if Daniel can hold down a job and create a suitable home within three months. When Daniel learns that Miranda intends to hire a housekeeper, and is unwilling to let Daniel take care of the kids, he contacts Miranda by phone pretending to be an old lady. Asked his name, he looks at the newspaper and sees a headline containing the words "doubt fire", and says, "Doubtfire." Daniel uses his acting talents and enlists the help of his brother Frank , a makeup artist, and his partner Jack  to transform him into Mrs. Euphegenia Doubtfire, a 60 year old British nanny so he himself can apply for the position. Miranda is delighted with "Mrs. Doubtfire" and hires her on the spot. The two quickly begin to form a friendship, despite the children struggling to adjust to their new caretaker. Daniel, as Mrs. Doubtfire, is now able to see his kids every day, and uses this opportunity to be the firm father figure he wasn\'t before. Eventually the children begin to respond favourably to Mrs. Doubtfire\'s methods, and Miranda is able to heal her rocky relationship with them and with Daniel as well, who begins to improve himself through his alter ego by learning gourmet cooking and refurnishing his new apartment. For a while, Daniel is able to keep up the charade, despite nearly being discovered by his caseworker Mrs. Sellner , and attempting to break up his ex-wife\'s relationship with Stuart Denmeyer , her new boyfriend, who dislikes Daniel. He also realises he has trapped himself with the Mrs Doubtfire facade, as when he once again asks Miranda to take care of the children, she responds that she could never get rid of Mrs Doubtfire, as she has made their lives so much better. Daniel is discovered when Chris accidentally walks in on him using the bathroom standing up. He then explains to Lydia and Chris that he dresses as Mrs. Doubtfire only to see them every day. He also warns them not to tell their mother, as he would likely end up in jail and might never see the kids again, or Natalie, as she is too young to understand and might reveal the truth. Both children are happy to have their father back in their lives, and agree to keep the secret. Meanwhile, at the TV station where Daniel works as a shipping clerk, the station\'s CEO Jonathan Lundy  sees him clowning with toy dinosaurs on the set of a children\'s program and is impressed enough to schedule a dinner meeting to hear his ideas. Stuart plans to celebrate Miranda\'s birthday by taking the family out to the same restaurant at the same time, and Mrs. Doubtfire is also invited. Daniel tries to postpone his dinner with Lundy, but Lundy is fully booked, and Daniel realizes he cannot cancel the appointment. At the restaurant, Daniel attempts to rotate back and forth between Lundy and his family, using the restroom to change back and forth from himself to Mrs. Doubtfire. Daniel dumps cayenne pepper on Stuart\'s order of jambalaya, an ingredient that he is allergic to. He also becomes increasingly intoxicated throughout the evening and forgets to remove his costume before returning to Lundy\'s table. He covers for the mistake by explaining to Lundy that his alter ego is merely his idea for a new TV persona. Lundy is once again impressed, and agrees to develop the character into a possible television program. At that moment, Daniel notices that Stuart is choking on the pepper and, out of regret, administers the Heimlich maneuver. However, his mask tears off, revealing his true identity. Horrified and outraged at who her housekeeper really is, Miranda storms out with her children. At the later court hearing, Daniel makes an impassioned plea to the judge saying he created the disguise merely to spend time with his beloved children, but the judge gives Miranda full custody of the children while limiting Daniel to supervised visitation rights once a week, as he finds his behavior disturbing. Without Mrs. Doubtfire, the children again are withdrawn and depressed, and Miranda admits that their lives were so much better with her. However they are surprised and delighted to see Mrs. Doubtfire is the star of Lundy\'s new television program, "Euphegenia\'s House". It quickly becomes the highest-rated program in its timeslot, creating the possibility that the show will be aired nationwide. Upon realizing how unhappy the children are - and she herself is - without Mrs. Doubtfire, Miranda pays Daniel a visit on the set and tells him that she doesn\'t want to keep hurting the children over the custody issues, and that she knows the children were so much happier with Mrs. Doubtfire and therefore their father in their lives. She forgives him for his deceit, sorts things out with the courts, allowing Daniel unlimited access to the children, and the two make up. Daniel picks the kids up to spend an afternoon with them, while Miranda watches an episode of Daniel\'s show in which Mrs. Doubtfire answers a letter from another child of divorce asking for advice. She explains that no matter what type of living arrangement such children may have, love will maintain the bond of the family.'] ["The young German-Polish Jana does everything possible to give the impression of a straight acting woman. Her good-looking, bourgeois friend David and her pretence to work for a newspaper are attempts to hide her inner conflicts and her true occupation of a social worker in the low-prestigious Berlin district of Neukoelln. But there is the young German Turk Nazim, who also tries hard to keep up the appearance of straightness. Night after night he goes out with his homies, dances with girls like Jana and deals with drugs on Hermann Square. Neither his best buddy Akin nor his playmates are suspicious. Since his nocturnal encounter with a young German guy on Sonnenallee it has got more difficult for him to keep up the façade of normal life. This is the beginning of a love triangle that is dangerous for the self-understanding of all parties: because Nazim's new lover is noone else but Janas boy friend David..."] ["Eric G. Johnson wrote and directed Tweek City, a film depicting a harrowing week in the life of Bill Jensen , a young, sexually confused, half-Latino speed-dealer in San Francisco's Mission District. As the week begins, Bill picks up a bag of speed and starts walking the streets in a desperate attempt to make some money and, more importantly, escape his nightmares. Streetwalking leads to bed-hopping and Bill falls for a one-night stand just long enough to earn, and subsequently, betray her trust. When Bill wakes up from the whole affair in an excretory abyss, his friend Jerm  provides some support, however Bill fails to express what's truly bothering him. Just when Bill might open up, Jerm drags him to a punk show, takes an ill-advised stage dive and becomes incapacitated. Left alone, Bill can’t cope and he plunges into a speed-induced, downward spiral that takes him on a nocturnal journey through the streets of San Francisco, and ultimately down to Los Angeles, where he crashes his high school sweetheart's wedding. From his sleep-deprived, hallucinogenic state, Bill makes a desperate attempt to reconnect with Sharon , his first, and only, love."] ['Winnie the Pooh and his friends hear a strange noise and find a set of large, perfectly circular footprints in the Hundred Acre Wood . They jump to the conclusion that the noise and prints are from a heffalump, and Rabbit organizes an expedition to go try to catch it; a disappointed Roo is told to stay behind, as everyone believes the expedition is too dangerous for one as young as he. Roo slips out on his own in search of the heffalump, and soon finds one; a playful young four-footed creature named Heffridge Trumpler Brompet Heffalump IV , coloured lavender and having a British accent and a trunk like an elephant, but being not much larger than Roo. Roo is afraid at first, but the two quickly become friends and play. After a while, Lumpy hears his mother calling for him to come home. Roo wants Lumpy to come home with him to meet all of his friends first, and they head towards the Hundred Acre Wood. When they get to the fence, Lumpy suddenly stops; thinking that the "creatures" that live there are scary. Roo reassures him and they return to the Hundred Acre Wood, which is deserted, as everyone else is still out searching for the heffalump. Roo and Lumpy soon become great friends and find that they\'re not so different after all. While playing, the two friends hear Lumpy\'s mother calling him to come home again. Lumpy and Roo search for his mother, but she is nowhere to be seen. Lumpy uses his trunk to call to her, but doesn\'t work. After hours of searching, Lumpy assumes that they will never find her, and starts to cry. Roo sings a part of a song to Lumpy, that his mother sang to him earlier in the film; which gives Roo an idea, they could go find his mother, and see if she can help Lumpy. They soon find Kanga and the rest of the gang. Rabbit thinks that Lumpy has captured Roo, and the gang starts to chase Lumpy through the traps that were set up earlier in the film. All fails as Lumpy escapes through all the traps that they set up. Running after Lumpy, Roo gets caught in the last trap. A frightened Lumpy keeps on running, and escapes into the woods. Roo manages to get out of the trap, and runs to find Lumpy. He quickly sees that he is trapped in a giant cage. Lumpy madly tells his friend that he had broke his promise; as Roo had said before that his friends wouldn\'t be frightening. Roo makes many attempts to break the cage, but all fails to work. Roo apologizes for everything, and explains that it is all his fault. Roo looks up at the cage, and soon sees that the only way to free his friend, is to untie the rope holding the cage together. He climbs all the way to the top. He unties the rope, and frees Lumpy, who is very happy that Roo had rescued him, and Lumpy and Roo hug. Kanga, who had saw the whole thing, peeks from behind a tree, and is amazed what Roo had done. Then Rabbit, Pooh, Tigger, and Piglet come running around the corner, still thinking that Lumpy has captured Roo. They all lasso Lumpy. Roo jumps on Lumpy\'s head, and yells at them to stop, and explains to his friends that Heffalumps aren\'t scary nor are they mean. While Roo is explaining this, Lumpy starts to fall down a ditch, and sends Roo flying in the air and lands into a pile of giant logs, reaching down to 50 feet. Everyone, including Lumpy, try to save him, but nothing works. Lumpy then gets an idea, and tries to use his call to get his mother to come and save Roo. After a few tries, he finally gets his call right, and his mother comes and saves Roo. Lumpy\'s mother is very proud that he found his call, and they hug. Pooh then explains to Rabbit why the heffalump was in The Hundred Acre Wood; she was looking for her baby. Rabbit then apologizes to Lumpy for his behavior, and he forgives him. Lumpy\'s mother tells him it\'s time to go home. Lumpy says goodbye to his friend, but Roo has a better idea; He pleads to his Mom, "Just a bit longer?" and the movie is ended with Roo, and Lumpy playing together. The end credits show that Lumpy, Roo, Tigger, Rabbit, Eeyore, Piglet, and even Christopher Robin are best friends now.'] ['Clarice Starling  is pulled from her training at the FBI Academy at Quantico, Virginia, by Jack Crawford  of the Bureau\'s Behavioral Science Unit. He tasks her with interviewing Hannibal Lecter , a former psychiatrist and incarcerated cannibalistic serial killer, believing Lecter\'s insight might be useful in the pursuit of a serial killer nicknamed "Buffalo Bill" , who skins his female victims\' corpses. Starling travels to the Baltimore State Hospital for the Criminally Insane, where she is led by Dr. Frederick Chilton  to Lecter\'s solitary quarters. Although initially pleasant and courteous, Lecter grows impatient with Starling\'s attempts at "dissecting" him and rebuffs her. As she is leaving, one of the prisoners flicks semen at her. Lecter, who considers the discourtesy "unspeakably ugly", calls Starling back and tells her to seek out an old patient of his. This leads her to a storage shed where she discovers a man\'s severed head. She returns to Lecter, who tells her that the man is linked to Buffalo Bill. He offers to profile Buffalo Bill on the condition that he be transferred away from Chilton, whom he detests. When Buffalo Bill kidnaps a Senator\'s daughter, Catherine Martin, Crawford authorizes Starling to offer Lecter a fake deal promising a prison transfer if he provides information that helps find Buffalo Bill and rescue the abductee. Instead, Lecter begins a game of quid pro quo with Starling, offering comprehensive clues and insights about Buffalo Bill if Starling will give him information about her own past, something she was advised not to do. Chilton secretly records the conversation and reveals Starling\'s deal as a sham before offering to transfer Lecter in exchange for a deal of Chilton\'s own making. Lecter agrees and is flown to Memphis, Tennessee, where he reveals personal information on Buffalo Bill to federal agents. As the manhunt begins, Starling visits Lecter at his special cell in a Tennessee courthouse and confronts him with her decryption of the name he provided . Lecter refuses Starling\'s pleas for the truth and forces her to recount her traumatic childhood. She tells him how she was orphaned and relocated to a relative\'s farm, where she discovered a lamb slaughterhouse and made a failed attempt to rescue one of the lambs. Lecter gives her back the case files on Buffalo Bill after their conversation is interrupted by Chilton and the police who escort her from the building. Later that evening, Lecter kills his two guards, escapes from his cell and disappears. Starling analyzes Lecter\'s annotations to the case files and realizes that Buffalo Bill knew his first victim personally. Starling travels to the victim\'s hometown and discovers that Buffalo Bill was a tailor, with dresses and dress patterns identical to the patches of skin removed from each of his victims. She telephones Crawford to inform him that Buffalo Bill is trying to fashion a "woman suit" of real skin, but Crawford is already en route to make an arrest, having cross-referenced Lecter\'s notes with hospital archives and finding a man named Jame Gumb, who once applied unsuccessfully for a sex-change operation. Starling continues interviewing friends of Buffalo Bill\'s first victim in Ohio while Crawford leads an FBI tactical team to Gumb\'s address in Illinois. The house in Illinois is empty and Starling is led to the house of "Jack Gordon", who she realizes is actually Jame Gumb. She pursues him into his multi-room basement, where she discovers that Catherine is still alive, but trapped in a dry well. After turning off the basement lights, Gumb stalks Starling in the dark with night-vision goggles but gives his position away when he cocks his revolver; Starling turns around just in time and kills him. Some time later at her FBI Academy graduation party, Starling receives a phone call from Lecter, who is at an airport in Bimini. He assures her that he does not plan to pursue her and asks her to return the favor, which she says she cannot do. Lecter then hangs up the phone, saying that he is "having an old friend for dinner" and begins following a newly-arrived Chilton before disappearing into the crowd.'] ['The film opens with Henry Kray being interviewed by a reporter about the events about to unfold on-screen. Henry is the son of a powerful and conservative Senator from North Carolina. Senator Kray has gained a national reputation in part by attacking homosexuality. Unknown to the senator, Henry is gay. The senator plans to kick off his re-election campaign at a luncheon at Henry\'s college campus and he expects Henry to deliver his introduction. Henry\'s sexuality is something of an open secret around campus, to the extent that the campus gay activist group has created a chart of his sexual partners. The night before Senator Kray is scheduled to arrive, Henry hooks up with Anthony, a former ACT UP activist who\'s drifted away from activism. The day of the speech, Anthony is approached by a campus activist who wants to enlist his help in outing Henry. Anthony and his friend Izzie have an argument about it and Izzie  storms off. She\'s hit by the limousine transporting the senator and his wife Eunice. The senator\'s party brings her along with them and Eunice takes a shine to her. She gives Izzie a suit and invites her along for the luncheon. Henry invites Anthony as well, insisting that he sit at the dais with him. Henry introduces his father, who begins his speech. As the speech continues, Henry stands up, pulls Anthony to his feet and kisses him in full view of the national media, outing himself before the activists have the chance to. In the firestorm of controversy, the Senator and his team decide to spin the event by stressing that the Senator still loves his gay son. Meanwhile, one of the campus activists congratulates Anthony for outing Henry, and even though Henry decided to "out" himself, the bond of trust that had started to form between him and Anthony shatters. The film closes with Henry summarizing the aftermath. He and Anthony don\'t see each other. Izzie has died of AIDS. The Senator won re-election despite, or perhaps because of, the controversy.'] ['The film chronicles the experience of a gay Swedish couple, Sven  and Göran Skoogh  as they move into a new suburban neighborhood and adopt a child, beginning with their welcoming party. After meeting their new neighbors and settling into their jobs, they decide to adopt a child. Although they are married, no country is willing to let a gay couple adopt any of its children. After initially being turned down by the adoption, a Swedish orphan becomes available, which they readily agree to adopt. However, a typographical error on the papers changed the child\'s age from "15" to "1.5". When their new son Patrik  arrives, they are shocked to find him a troubled teenager with a criminal background. Hurrying to the adoption agency to rectify the error, they arrive to find there\'s nothing that can be done until the next week. Over the next few days, Sven is appalled by Patrik\'s insulting behavior, even though Göran sees the good in him. Patrik is initially afraid of both men, believing stereotypes that homosexuals are all pedophiles. Once the agency reopens, all three are told by the officials that Patrik\'s only options are living with them or returning to the foster center where he came from. After living up to his troublemaking habits, Patrik causes Sven to leave in disgust over Göran\'s unwillingness to kick Patrik out. Göran agrees to look after Patrik until the agency can find a suitable home for him. Over the next few days, Patrik reveals his talent at gardening, and Göran grows to accept him. After several weeks, the agency notifies Göran that a family has been found for Patrik, who by this time has gotten past his initial fear and contempt for his surrogate parents. Sven returns as he and Göran both realize their issues weren\'t worth ending their relationship. Patrik\'s new father arrives to pick him up, and he leaves with him. After a short time, Patrik returns, and the three then live together permanently.'] ["Mel Coplin and his wife, Nancy, live in New York, near Mel's neurotic, Jewish, adoptive parents, Ed and Pearl Coplin. Mel and Nancy have just had their first child, and Mel won't decide on a name for their son until he can discover the identity of his biological parents. After an adoption agency employee locates his biological mother's name in a database, Mel decides to meet her personally. Tina, the sexy but highly incompetent adoption agency employee, decides to accompany Mel, Nancy, and the newborn on a trip to San Diego to meet Mel's biological mother. The trip, of course, does not go as planned, and ends up becoming a tour of the United States. First, Mel is introduced to Valerie, a blond Scandinavian woman with Confederate roots whose twin daughters are at least six inches taller than Mel. They quickly realize that Valerie is not Mel's biological mother, and Tina scrambles to get the correct information from the agency database. Meanwhile, Nancy becomes jealous as Tina and Mel begin to flirt. Next, the group heads to rural Michigan with the hope of meeting the man whose name appears as the person who delivered infant Mel to the adoption agency. The man, Fritz Boudreau, turns out to be a trucker with a violent streak. However, when he discovers that Mel might be his son, he becomes instantly friendly and lets Mel drive his semi-trailer truck, which Mel immediately crashes into a Post Office building. This leads to a run-in with two ATF agents, Tony and Paul, who are gay and in a relationship with each other. It is discovered that Tony and Nancy went to high school together. Charges are dismissed, and Fritz Boudreau tells Mel that he is not Mel's father, but only handled Mel's adoption because Mel's biological parents were indisposed. Tina locates the current address of Mel's biological parents, which turns out to be in rural New Mexico. Tony and Paul surprise everyone by deciding to tag along on the trip. While Mel and Tina become close, Nancy finds herself flirting with Tony, who returns the compliment, causing friction. The trip through rural New Mexico is fraught with more problems. At last the whole crowd descends on the front porch of Mel's true biological parents, Richard and Mary Schlichting. They are asked to stay the night. While Richard and Mary are more than welcoming, Mel's biological brother Lonnie is overly rude and jealous. It is during dinner that Mel discovers that Richard and Mary had to let Mel be adopted because they were in jail for making and distributing LSD in the late 1960s. Not only that, but Richard and Mary continue to manufacture LSD, as becomes apparent when Lonnie, in an attempt to dose Mel with acid at dinner, accidentally doses Paul, the ATF agent. In his drugged state Paul tries to arrest Richard and Mary but Lonnie knocks him out with a frying pan. They attempt to escape and decide to take Mel's car, hiding their supply of acid in the trunk. Mel's adoptive parents arrive but then change their minds and decide to leave, taking the wrong car. When they change their minds again and make a blind U-turn, the two families crash. Mel's adoptive parents are arrested while his biological parents escape to Mexico. Not realizing what has happened Mel recounts the stories from dinner to Nancy and they agree to name the baby Garcia. The next day Paul explains the situation and is able to get Mel's parents released, and they are happy and reassured to hear Mel call them his parents. A montage of their relationships continues over the credits. They all still have their troubles but Mel and Nancy are happy together."] ['Pie  is a sweet girl who moves into a new college dorm room where she finds out that her new roommate Kim , is a tomboy who looks and dresses like a boy. As their friendship develops, Pie and Kim begin to wonder if the feeling they feel for one another is just an ordinary friendship or true love.'] ["Dean Seagrave  is a thirty-something graphic novelist living in L.A., and though he's found personal happiness with his hot, Argentinian boyfriend, Pablo , he can't surmount his writers' block slump following his successful debut graphic novel, Teenage Speed Freak. His life begins to unravel when his editor, Luise , gives him a final ultimatum, and Pablo, the sexy boyfriend, goes out for cigarettes one night and never comes back. Lonely, depressed, and at the end of his rope, he flies to Argentina in search of closure, but the characters he discovers there – Pablo's secretive and controlling Mother , Pablo's ex-lover Marcos , and Marcos' enigmatic sister Sofia  – conspire to prevent him from reaching Pablo."] ["Bobby Riley  is a gay man in the closet, afraid to come out to his three older brothers, even though he's over 30, makes his own money, lives on his own, and is being pressed by his more liberal sister, his boyfriend, and his lesbian beard to tell them. The death of his father and a fishing trip with his brothers provide occasions when he could tell them, but he fails. The expectations of a close-knit Irish Catholic family in Chicago are hard for him to overcome. Eventually all the family's secrets are revealed, his brothers' as well as Bobby's, and the siblings all grow closer in the process."] ["Set in 1953, the film explores the budding relationship between Billy Joe McAllister  and Bobbie Lee Hartley  , despite resistance from Hartley's family, who contend she is too young to date. One night at a jamboree, McAllister gets drunk and seems nauseous and confused when entering a makeshift whorehouse behind the gathering. It turns out that in his inebriated state, he had sex with another man, later revealed to be his sawmill boss, Dewey Barksdale . After disappearing for days, he returns to bid an enigmatic goodbye to Bobbie Lee. Overcome with guilt, Billy Joe subsequently kills himself by jumping off the bridge spanning the Tallahatchie River. In the film's final scene, Bobbie Lee meets Dewey on the bridge as she is leaving town, and he guiltily confesses to her that he was the man. She tells Barksdale, who is on his way to her house to confess to her father, that the town already suspects that she is carrying Billy Joe's baby and that it would do no good for Barksdale to confess now. Agreeing with the girl's logic, Barksdale offers Bobbie Lee a ride to the bus station, which she courteously accepts."] ["Paul , a childlike artist, becomes upset when his godson's family moves from Oregon to Japan. Paul tries to compensate for his feeling of loss with visits to the neighborhood playground. Paul's best friend Russell ([[Anthony Clark  tries to warn him what people might think if they see him hanging around their kids, but Paul doesn't quite see it that way. As Russell predicted, soon Maggie , a somewhat bigoted local mom, launches a crusade against the naive Paul, with an army of furious parents in tow."] ['Teenager Mary Cummings , who has "been born again her whole life," is about to enter her senior year at American Eagle Christian High School near Baltimore. She and her two best friends, Hilary Faye  and Veronica , have formed a girl group called the Christian Jewels. Everything seems perfect—until Mary’s "perfect Christian boyfriend" Dean Withers  tells her, as they’re swimming underwater, that he thinks he\'s gay. In her shock, Mary hits her head in the pool and has a vision in which Jesus tells her that she must do everything she can to help Dean. Hoping for a sign, Mary goes to a shooting range with Hilary Faye, who has a "spiritual solution for everything" and tells Mary  that if all else fails, Jesus could still restore their "spiritual and emotional virginity." Believing that Jesus will restore her purity, Mary sacrifices her virginity to have sex with Dean in an attempt to restore his heterosexuality. Despite Mary\'s efforts, when she comes by Dean\'s house on the morning of the first day of school, Dean\'s parents tell her that they found gay pornography under his bed and that they\'re sending him to Mercy House, a Christian treatment center. Mary tells her friends, as well as Hilary\'s brother Roland , who uses a wheelchair, about Dean\'s homosexuality, and makes them promise to keep it a secret. When they arrive at school, they see Cassandra Edelstein , the school\'s only Jewish student and a rebel who despises Hilary. In homeroom, Mary meets new student Patrick , the son of the school\'s principal, Pastor Skip Wheeler , a skateboarder who has been doing missionary work  in South America. Mary tries to put up a good front at the assembly, in which Cassandra fakes speaking in tongues in order to get under the skins of the other students. Mary soon realizes that she is pregnant from her encounter with Dean. When she goes to Planned Parenthood to confirm the pregnancy, she is seen by Roland and Cassandra. Roland reveals that he isn\'t really a Christian, unlike his fanatically religious sister. Cassandra reveals she\'s only at American Eagle after being thrown out of her old school. Roland and Cassandra bond over their shared skepticism. Mary finds out that she\'s not due to give birth until after her high school graduation and decides to hide her condition from her friends and family until then. However, she feels forsaken by Jesus and loses her faith, causing her to be ostracized by Hilary and replaced in the Christian Jewels with a previously unpopular girl, Tia , who\'s been struggling to get into the Christian Jewels for years. Later, after Pastor Skip gets word about Mary, he tells the Jewels to help Mary regain her faith, but they seem to misunderstand him and stop Mary in the street and try to exorcise her of demons instead. By Christmas, Mary is still hiding her pregnancy. Cassandra mocks her about it when they are alone in the bathroom, but when she realizes Mary\'s anguish, Cassandra changes her tone and offers her support. They cut school with Roland, and the three of them become good friends. When they run into Patrick and Hilary at the mall, Cassandra distracts Hilary  while Patrick and Mary sneak away and Patrick confesses his feelings for Mary. Pastor Skip warns his son when they\'re at home together against dating Mary, even as Pastor Skip  has been secretly dating Mary\'s mother, Lillian . A few months later, after multiple fights at school between Hilary Faye and Cassandra, Pastor Skip puts Roland, Cassandra and Mary on the school prom committee  to punish them. While working together, Patrick asks Mary to go with him to the prom as "friends," which Mary accepts. Later that day, Roland and Cassandra get their hands on a picture of a younger, much heavier, and much more awkward Hilary Faye and load it onto the desktop of every computer in the school. The next day, someone vandalizes the school with graffiti. Mary and Cassandra are initially the prime suspects, and to their shock the spray cans are found in their lockers. While searching the lockers with the Jewels looking on, Mary\'s homeroom teacher finds a sonogram of Mary\'s baby. She tries to hide it, but it drops to the ground in front of Pastor Skip\'s feet. Cassandra is expelled from school, while Mary is banned from the prom. Pastor Skip tells Lillian that he will break off their relationship if she doesn\'t send Mary to Mercy House. Lillian decides that she\'s going to send Mary away, saying that it\'s the best thing for Mary and the baby, but secretly because she doesn\'t want Skip to break up with her. Despite being banned, Cassandra and Roland scheme to go to prom and to bring Mary with them, providing her with a dress and inviting Patrick to meet them. Roland also finds that Hilary Faye charged several cans of spray paint to her credit card just hours before the attack—apparently indicating that she was the one who spray-painted the school. Hilary Faye, Tia and Veronica head to the prom. On their way in, Tia finds a credit-card receipt for the spray paint—signed by Hilary Faye. When Mary, Patrick, Cassandra and Roland arrive, Hilary attempts to have Mary and Cassandra thrown out, but Pastor Skip decides to let them stay. The four then accuse Hilary Faye of committing the vandalism herself and framing Mary and Cassandra for it as revenge for humiliating her. Hilary Faye reluctantly swears before God that she is innocent. Fed up with Hilary Faye\'s hypocrisy, Tia reveals the signed receipt. Veronica turns on her as well, calling her a "fake". As Hilary Faye flees with the others in pursuit, Dean suddenly arrives with other teenagers from Mercy House. Dean is surprised, but not upset, by Mary\'s pregnancy; he meets Patrick warmly, and Mary is similarly accepting towards Dean\'s roommate/boyfriend Mitch. Pastor Skip tries to send the new arrivals back to Mercy House, but they refuse, and Mary and her friends support them. Suddenly, Hilary crashes her van into the school\'s huge effigy of Jesus. Realizing what she has done, she breaks down in tears of regret. Cassandra shows some sympathy towards Hilary, feeling sorry for her. As paramedics arrive to the accident scene, Mary abruptly goes into labor and is taken to the hospital. In her hospital room, Mary\'s and Dean\'s friends and family crowd around the baby girl, while Pastor Skip waits outside debating whether to come in. In a voice-over, Mary tells the audience how she has returned to believing in a God who loves and helps the ones that love and help others in need.'] ["Chubby high school student and Madonna-devotee Oh Dong-ku believes herself to be a woman trapped in a man's body. Living with her abusive, alcoholic father, Dong-ku works part-time and saves her money for the sex change surgery she craves. Despite being told that she has the perfect physique for ssireum, Dong-ku has no interest in taking up sports, but when she finds out about an upcoming ssireum tournament with a large cash prize going to the winner, she changes her mind and signs up for the team."] ['{{Plot}} Randy , a 20-year-old convict, is taken to his cell. He is greeted by his new cellmate, Jake , a veteran prisoner serving a life sentence. Randy explains that he is serving 25 years for spray painting his neighbor\'s Mercedes-Benz. The next morning, Jake begins telling Randy a story about the worst sexual encounter he ever had. The story terrifies Randy, who begins to realize that Jake\'s motive may be more than just friendship. The conversation turns toward how Jake feels homosexuality is a state of mind. The breakfast bell rings and the story is interrupted, much to Randy\'s relief. Jake seems to drop the topic and return to his more friendly demeanor. However, Randy is quickly brought back to the horrible reality of his situation when Jake forces him to wear his shirt in a feminine style and to hold his hand as they go to lunch . Several months later, Randy\'s mother  visits him at the prison. Randy lies to her and says his cell mate and he are getting along well. The brief visit only highlights Randy\'s isolation, as his mother is powerless to do anything to help him. Upon returning to his cell, Randy starts writing his mother a letter. Jake tells him that his mother will give up on him and eventually stop visiting because she is so disappointed in Randy. When Randy protests, Jake tries to explain that he is just trying to make it easier for him when she abandons him. Jake then admits that he no longer writes to his mother because she doesn\'t write back any more. Back in the cell, Randy tells Jake that he likes the way Jake forces himself on him. Jake is visibly flustered and intrigued by Randy\'s admission. However, Jake recovers quickly and viciously beats Randy. Jake chastises the younger man for "playing games" and for trying to make him feel like a "fag." Moments later, Jake again prods the now bruised and bloody Randy to tell him about his "worst fuck." Randy tells Jake about his first sexual experience: he was 17 and drunk in a Tijuana strip club, and paid a stripper $35 for oral sex in a room above the dance floor. Afterwards, he saw the same stripper perform a striptease in which she revealed that she was a pre-operational transsexual. Randy then tells Jake that he "thought that was the worst it was ever going to get," insinuating that his current situation as Jake\'s sex slave is far worse. Jake appears angry and offended, but then seems guilt ridden. Again, Jake snaps out of his more tender feelings and, replacing them with cruelty, forces Randy to perform oral sex on him. Afterward, Jake makes pleasant conversation as Randy lies in the fetal position in his bunk. That night, as Jake sleeps, Randy creeps silently to his cellmate\'s bedside, preparing to stab him in the throat with a pencil as the older man sleeps. Randy hesitates and Jake wakes up. Jake doesn\'t attempt to physically restrain Randy, but instead tells him that he doesn\'t have the heart to kill a man in cold blood, and that even if he did he wouldn\'t kill him. Jake tells Randy that he is all that Randy has, that he is his protection, alluding perhaps to an even more brutal sexual slavery among other inmates were he not tied down to Jake. He sincerely tells Randy that he is his only friend. Jake then tells Randy to go back to his bed and think about all the things he will do when he is finally released. Jake then tells the now nearly tearful Randy why his mother stopped writing back; she had died and no one told him. The prison authorities had refused to let him go to his mother\'s funeral. Jake then tells Randy to make sure that he gets to see his mother\'s funeral, that it is very important to be able to say goodbye.'] ['Two best friends, Ravi and Paul, go on vacation to India where they attend an all night, eye-opening gay sex party. Surprised by the openness of their hosts and the aggressiveness of the guests, the boys fall into the steadily growing Indian gay culture. Ravi is especially bitten hard as he falls for the good looking but deeply closeted Mani. Will caste, economics and customs allow these two love birds a happy ending or will the forces of tradition and homophobia keep them apart? Fueled by flirting, erotic performances and open sex, Yours Emotionally is a revealing film about the growing Indian gay community. The camera lingers over the hot bodies of Indian men and never shirks from giving gay men a sexuality seldom seen from this part of the world. Sridhar Rangayan uses both traditional and experimental film techniques to build a story of love, compassion and truth in a society that is only now beginning to accept gay people for who they are. Source - TLA Videos http://www.tlavideo.com/details/product_details.cfm?id2&snfalse'] ["Father Greg Pilkington, newly assigned to St. Mary's parish in inner-city Liverpool, is startled to discover Father Matthew Thomas is engaged in a sexual relationship with rectory housekeeper Maria Kerrigan. Moreover, Father Thomas is a left-wing radical and an outspoken proponent of Liberation Theology, leading him to constant clashes and bickering with the Bishop—who nevertheless appreciates his abilities. While the young protagonist's personal traditional conservatism and religious beliefs are offended by the older priest's blatant disregard for his vow of celibacy, he struggles with his own homosexual urges, especially after he meets Graham at a local gay hangout and the two embark on a physical relationship. Meanwhile, student Lisa Unsworth has confided she was sexually abused by her father, who confirms her story. Both have revealed their secret in the confessional, however, so Father Greg is required to honor the sanctity of the Sacrament of Penance and not reveal what he has been told. He tries to warn her mother to keep a close watch on her, but the naive woman believes her daughter is safe while in the care of her husband. When Mrs. Unsworth discovers her husband molesting Lisa and realizes the priest knew what was happening, she lashes out at him. Adding to his torment is his arrest for having sex with Graham in a parked car. When he pleads guilty to the charge, the story is headlined on the front page of the local newspaper and, unable to face his parishioners, Father Greg relocates to a remote rural parish headed by a disapproving and unforgiving priest. Father Matthew convinces him to return to St. Mary's, and the two preside over a Mass that is disrupted by the loud protests of those opposed to Father Greg's presence on the altar. Father Matthew demands they leave the chapel. The two priests then begin to distribute the Eucharist, but the remaining parishioners ignore Father Greg and line up to receive communion from Father Matthew. Lisa finally approaches the younger priest, and the two fall into each other's arms sobbing."] ['Miriam Blaylock  is a beautiful and dangerous immortal vampire, promising specially chosen humans eternal life as her vampire lovers. As the film begins, her vampire companion is John , a talented cellist she married in 18th century France. The films opens in a night club in New York to a live performance from Bauhaus. They live together in an elegant New York townhouse posing as a wealthy couple who teach classical music. Periodically killing and feeding upon human victims allows Miriam and John to possess eternal youth—or at least that is what John was led to believe. John begins aging rapidly; he realizes that Miriam knew that this would happen and that her promise of "forever and ever" was only partially true. He will have eternal life but not eternal youth. Feeling betrayed, he seeks out the help of Dr. Sarah Roberts , who specializes in the study of premature aging, hoping she will be able to help reverse his accelerating decrepitude. Sarah assumes that John is a hypochondriac or mentally unbalanced and ignores his pleas for help. As John leaves the clinic in a rage, Sarah is horrified to see how rapidly John is aging. She tries to help, at which point John rebuffs her. In a last attempt to regain his youth, John murders and attempts to feed upon a young female violin student of Miriam\'s, whom she was grooming to be her next consort when she came of age, to no avail. As John\'s aging advances, he begs Miriam to kill him and release him from the agony of his decrepit body. Weeping, Miriam tells him that there is no release. After John collapses, Miriam carries him into the attic and places him in a coffin. There are stacks of other coffins and Miriam asks them all to "be good to him tonight." Miriam\'s former vampire lovers are doomed to suffer an eternal living death, helplessly moaning and trapped in their coffins. Sarah comes looking for John at his home but only finds Miriam. It becomes clear that the two women feel an attraction and Miriam acts upon this as she now feels alone after losing her lover and the young girl she was grooming. In a memorable scene during a piano adaption of The Flower Duet, Sarah says: "Are you making a pass at me, Mrs. Blaylock?" Miriam softly replies: "Miriam, please." They have a sexual encounter during which, without Sarah being fully aware of it, Miriam bites her arm and a blood exchange occurs in which some of Miriam\'s blood enters Sarah\'s body. Miriam attempts to initiate Sarah in the necessities of life as a vampire but Sarah is repulsed by the thought of subsisting on human blood. Still reeling from the effects of her vampiric transformation, Sarah allows Miriam to put her to bed in a guest room. Sarah\'s partner, Tom  arrives on Miriam\'s doorstep, trying to find Sarah. Miriam informs him that Sarah is in the upstairs bedroom. Sarah, starving and desperate, tries to resist the urge to kill Tom but gives in to temptation. Sarah then joins Miriam by the piano and Miriam assures her that she will soon forget what she was and come to love Miriam. As the two kiss, Sarah drives Miriam\'s ankh-knife into her throat, attempting to kill herself as she forcibly holds her mouth over Miriam\'s mouth, forcing Miriam to ingest her blood, possibly working on a hunch regarding the "blood borne metabolic aging disease" and "host" relationship she was told about affecting her blood. Miriam carries Sarah upstairs, intending to place her with her other boxed lovers. There is a rumbling and the mummies of Miriam\'s previous lovers emerge from their coffins. The mummies drive Miriam over the edge of the balcony. As she rapidly ages, the mummies fall and become dust, ostensibly providing the trapped souls with release. As the film draws to a close, a real estate agent is showing the deserted townhouse to prospective buyers. Sarah is now in London, standing on the balcony of a chic apartment tower , in the company of an attractive young man and woman. She is serenely admiring the gorgeous view as dusk falls. From a draped coffin in a storage room, Miriam repeatedly screams Sarah\'s name .'] ["Outrage argues that several American political figures have led closeted gay lives while supporting and endorsing legislation that is harmful to the gay community. The film examines mass media's reluctance to discuss issues involving gay politicians despite many comparable news stories about heterosexual politicians and scandals. Outrage describes this behavior as a form of institutionalized homophobia that has resulted in a tacit policy of self-censorship when reporting on these issues."] ['In 1950s Christchurch, New Zealand, a 14-year-old girl from a working-class family Pauline Parker  befriends the more affluent English 15-year-old Juliet Hulme  when Juliet transfers to Pauline\'s school. They bond over a shared history of severe childhood disease and isolating hospitalizations, and over time develop an intense friendship. Pauline admires Juliet\'s outspoken arrogance and beauty. Together they paint, write stories, make clay figurines, and eventually create a fantasy kingdom called Borovnia. It is the setting of the adventure novels they write together, which they hope to have published and eventually made into films in Hollywood. Over time it begins to be as real to them as the real world. Pauline\'s relationship with her mother becomes increasingly hostile and the two fight constantly. This angry atmosphere is in contrast to the peaceful intellectual life Juliet shares with her family. Pauline spends most of her time at the Hulmes\', where she feels accepted. Juliet introduces Pauline to the idea of "the Fourth World", a Heaven without Christians where music and art are celebrated. Juliet believes she will go there when she dies. Certain actors and musicians are "saints" in this afterlife. During a day trip to Port Levy, Juliet\'s parents announce that they are going away and plan to leave Juliet behind. Her fear of being left alone makes her hysterical, culminating in her first direct experience of the Fourth World, perceiving it as a land where all is beautiful and she is safe. She asks Pauline to come with her, and the world that Juliet sees becomes visible to Pauline, too. This is presented as a shared spiritual vision, a confirmation of their "Fourth World" belief, that informs the girls\' predominant reality and affects their perception of events in the everyday world. Juliet has an attack of tuberculosis and is sent to a clinic. Again her parents leave the country, leaving her alone and desperately missing Pauline. Pauline is desolate without her, and the two begin an intense correspondence, writing not only as themselves, but in the roles of the royal couple of Borovnia. During this time Pauline begins a sexual relationship with a lodger, which makes Juliet jealous. For both of them, their fantasy life becomes a useful escape when under stress in the real world, and the two engage in increasingly violent, even murderous, fantasies about people who oppress them. After four months, Juliet is released from the clinic and their relationship intensifies. Juliet\'s father blames the intensity of the relationship on Pauline and speaks to her parents, who take her to a doctor. The doctor suspects that Pauline is homosexual, and considers this a cause of her increasing anger at her mother as well as her dramatic weight loss. Juliet catches her mother carrying on an affair with one of her psychiatric clients and threatens to tell her father, but her mother tells her he knows. Shortly afterward, the two announce their intention to divorce, upsetting Juliet. Soon it is decided that the family will leave Christchurch, with Juliet being left with a relative in South Africa. She becomes increasingly hysterical at the thought of leaving Pauline, and the two girls plan to run away together. When that plan becomes impossible, the two begin to talk about murdering Pauline\'s mother, Honora, as they see her as the primary obstacle to their remaining together. As the date of Juliet\'s departure nears, it is decided that the two girls should spend the last two weeks together at Juliet\'s house. At the end of that time Pauline returns home and the two finalize plans for the murder. Honora plans a day for the three of them at Victoria Park, and the girls decide this will be the day. Juliet puts a broken piece of brick into a stocking and they go off to the park. After having tea, the three walk down the path and when Honora bends over to pick up a pink charm the girls have put there, Juliet and Pauline bludgeon her to death. In a postscript it is revealed that the next day Pauline\'s diary was found, in which the plan for the murder had been outlined. The two are tried, convicted, and sentenced to prison. It is a condition of their eventual release that they never meet again.'] ['This is the bestselling coming of age novel by Michael Chiang, a semi-fictionalized autobiography and reminiscence of lost youth and boyhood.'] ['Set in contemporary New York City, Shortbus revolves around Sofia Lin , who is married to the handsome but dimwitted Rob . She works as a couples counselor/sex therapist although she has never achieved an orgasm. She comes into contact with a couple: former child star Jamie  and former prostitute James ([[Paul Dawson , the film\'s other lead character. At the outset, James suggests to his boyfriend that they open up their relationship to sex with others. During their first consultation, Sofia snaps, slaps Jamie, and apologetically reveals her "pre-orgasmic" status. The couple suggests she attend a weekly social/artistic/sexual salon in Brooklyn called "Shortbus," which is hosted by drag performance artist Justin Bond . Sofia slowly opens up to new experiences; this includes a friendship with a dominatrix who goes by the name Severin played by Lindsay Beamish.  Sofia\'s inability to achieve orgasm begins to cause conflict with Rob, who in turn begins attending Shortbus with Sofia. James and Jamie meet a young ex-model and aspiring singer named Ceth  and the three begin a sexual relationship. Meanwhile, James and Jamie\'s life is being closely watched by their across-the-street stalker neighbor, Caleb . Caleb fears the inclusion of Ceth in James and Jamie\'s relationship might break them up and thus destroy his ability to live vicariously through them, so he attends Shortbus, where he confronts Ceth. Sofia begins to go daily to a spa with a sensory deprivation tank to meet with Severin, and the two begin to have intense conversations. Severin begins to help Sofia loosen up sexually; Sofia helps Severin achieve a deeper human connection than she had experienced before. One evening at Shortbus, Severin discusses with Sofia the idea of giving up sex work to pursue her dream of being an artist. The two then have an unplanned sexual experience, and once again Sofia is left unsatisfied. Throughout the film, James is seen making a film about himself and his relationship. It turns out to be a suicide note. He attempts to take his own life and is rescued by Caleb, who calls for help, but is too embarrassed to wait with James for the help to arrive. He writes his phone number and email address on James\' face while he is unconscious. When James wakes in the hospital, he calls Caleb. James goes to Caleb\'s home to be consoled, but does not contact Jamie or Ceth, neither of whom can understand why he wouldn\'t call them or come home. There follows an interlocking trio of scenes showing connections between the characters\' emotional problems and their sexual lives. * At Caleb\'s house, he and James have sex, and James allows Caleb to penetrate him, something he has never allowed anyone to do before. Afterward, in a dramatic revelation, James is seen in the window of Caleb\'s apartment by Jamie, who realizes in that moment that James is alive and okay. * Rob and Severin have a paid encounter where Rob asks to be beaten, something he couldn\'t ask Sofia to do. As this progresses, Severin loses control and Rob tries to comfort her. * Sofia seems to have a dream of struggling through an overgrown, wild forested area to a gentle seashore where she tries to achieve orgasm again. On failing, she screams, and in the real world the lights go off across the city, seemingly caused by the simultaneous and collective frustration of the characters. The film ends with a song by Justin Bond at Shortbus during the blackout. Sofia arrives and finds Rob with Severin and after acknowledging him sits down by herself. James and Jamie also arrive followed by Ceth and Caleb. Justin\'s song starts on a wistful note, but as it progresses it becomes more energetic and positive thanks to the arrival of the Hungry March Band. This is mirrored in the actions and emotions of the actors. Jamie and James make out on the floor, and Ceth and Caleb start to hit it off. Rob seems to find a friend, and Severin progresses from nervous anxiety to happy elation upon the arrival of the band. Sofia engages in a threesome with a couple she has seen several times before and who appear to meet her prerequisite of "just beginning to experiment sexually" , and finally achieves an orgasm, and the blackout affecting New York ends, as does the film.'] ["The film follows the lives of a group of gay friends in West Hollywood. Among the group is Dennis , a photographer who often holds the group together; Cole  a handsome, charismatic actor who &mdash; often unwittingly &mdash; ends up with other people's boyfriends; Benji , the youngest member of the group, with a penchant for gym-bodied men, who finds himself going through some bad times; Howie ([[Matt McGrath , a psychology student who is known for overthinking every situation; Patrick ([[Ben Weber , the cynic of the group; and Taylor ([[Billy Porter , who has long boasted about his long-term relationship, which has just come crashing to an end. Guiding them is restaurant owner Jack  who provides them with advice and jobs for some of them who work part time as servers at his restaurant. But when tragedy strikes, and the group's newest member, 23-year-old Kevin , attempts to fit in, their friendships are put to the test. The film also stars Nia Long, Mary McCormack and Justin Theroux, and features a cameo by Kerr Smith, who knew the director through their work on Dawson's Creek and enjoyed the script so much he asked to be a part of it."] ["Jet  is a handsome gay hustler whose sex appeal seems to know no bounds. Everyone wants to make love to him, but he is in love with no one but himself. Things change drastically when he notices what seems like a young couple in a shop, Sam  and Kana . At first sight, he falls in love with Sam and begins following the two around. Jet's friend Ching, who is also a hustler, runs a personal in a gay magazine for Jet, imploring Sam to contact Jet. At first, Jet is angry with Ching for not asking him, but his wrath subsides quickly when indeed he meets Sam again in what seems like a chance encounter, but actually is an outcome of the personal. Sam turns out to be a police officer and Jet starts to befriend Sam, hoping this will turn into a relationship. But Sam does not seem to notice Jet's intentions towards him. Unbeknownst to Jet, Sam had a homosexual affair with pop star K.S. five years earlier. At the same time, Ching had been in unrequited love with Sam  when the two were still office workers. Ching comes to his apartment shared with Jet when Jet and Sam are there, instantly recognizes Sam as Fai and is furious with Jet for stealing his beloved. Sam runs back to his apartment, but Jet pursues him. The two kisses, but they were interrupted by an unknown person at the door. Later, Sam believes the person to be his father, and unwilling to face his father's disappointment, he suicides. Jet lives on as a hustler, but receives a letter knowing that Sam has loved him."] ['A narrator explains that there is a test hidden in the SATs which measures an applicant\'s ability to fight, cheat, lie and kill. Female students who score well on this hidden test are selected to become members of the secret paramilitary group D.E.B.S. which stands for Discipline, Energy, Beauty and Strength. Focusing on one squad of D.E.B.S., composed of the team captain Amy , the tough Max , French exchange student Dominique , and the prissy and insecure Janet , all of whom faces off against a ruthless villain named Lucy in the Sky . Spoofing TV prime time shows, a listing of "previous on D.E.B.S." shows the team\'s boss Mr. Tibbs explaining that Lucy in the Sky was spotted entering the United States again. Max is frustrated knowing that for some reason Lucy keeps capturing Amy and the team has to rescue her. Amy is captured, leading to Max to take over the team to lead them to Lucy\'s hideout in a dockside warehouse. Max, Janet, and the chain-smoking Dominique make entry into Lucy\'s hideout and soon are facing off in a gun battle with Lucy\'s henchmen, led by her right-hand man Billy Skids. Meanwhile, unknown to either Lucy\'s henchmen or the D.E.B.S., Lucy and Amy are lovers and Lucy keeps capturing Amy so that the two of them can have sex, with Amy timing them to know when her colleagues will appear to "rescue" her. This time Lucy becomes frustrated over the same routine they have to go though over their secret romance each time. Amy then tells Lucy that she really loves her, and Lucy is happy. Elsewhere, Max, Janet, and Dominique defeat Lucy\'s henchmen . The three D.E.B.S. arrive at a locked door to Lucy\'s quarters where they hear Amy screaming out, leading them to try to break down the door. But Amy is not screaming in pain, but in passion as she climaxes from the sex. Lucy and Amy quickly dress where Amy tells Lucy that she can capture her again next week during the D.E.B.S. mission to Uganda. On cue from Amy, Lucy punches her out and makes her escape as Max, Janet, and Dominique arrive, none of them aware to Amy\'s secret tryst with the enemy. Amy thanks them for rescuing her... again. The four D.E.B.S. walk out of the warehouse and into the evening sunset as Janet asks Amy if that is her sweater that she\'s wearing and if she got blood or any dirt on it.'] ["The story revolves around University students and roommates Mia  and Alice , each of whom is experiencing various upheavals. Mia and Alice have just moved into a trendy apartment but are in desperate need of a housemate. Danni , Mia's girlfriend is keen to move in, but Mia fears commitment. Mia, obsessed with her favourite lecturer becomes embroiled in a war of paperwork with the University administration as she attempts to pursue him to his new department. She is hampered in her efforts to transfer by her current supervisor . To add to her woes she then breaks up with her girlfriend, Danni. Danni herself is pursuing another love interest, in part to get back at Mia. Alice, a habitual perfectionist is four years late with her thesis on 'Doris Day as Feminist Warrior.' She is looking for the perfect man but can't find anyone who fits her strict criteria. Frustrated, she falls for the most unsuitable male possible... Ari , a Classics student and part time gigolo. However she is the object of desire of a shy medical student, Michael . As the day ends and the party begins events begin to unscramble in unexpected ways. Omnia Vincit Amor... Love Conquers All."] ['Joe is an aspiring actor working as a bus boy in a high-class restaurant. His longtime girlfriend Mary works as a cosmetician for the fashion industry and largely supports him with her steady income. Joe is more concerned with expressing himself than getting a paying job, and has been unwilling to accept roles that do not live up to his artistic standard. Mary supports Joe, but urges him to accept any role to get his foot in the door. Meanwhile, his co-worker Bob lands a lucrative role on a soap opera. Bob is a classically trained actor, but is willing to overlook the quality of the material for the money. He also has a fetish for natural blonde women, leading him to date Sahara, a naive model, and then dump her after discovering that her hair is dyed. Joe swallows his artistic pride and meets with an agent, Dee Dee Taylor, who arranges for him to be an extra in a Madonna video. Mary is harassed as she walks to work each day and begins taking a self-defense and anger management class on the advice of her therapist. The instructor encourages her to express her anger, and she finds the class extremely empowering. Bob is successful in his soap opera role and begins a relationship with his costar Kelly, a "real blonde". At the Madonna video, the director treats Joe and the other extras like cattle. Joe meets Madonna\'s body double, Tina, a friendly aspiring actress, and gets himself fired for protesting an anti-Semitic statement made by the assistant director. Joe\'s firing sparks an argument between Joe and Mary. The pressure of Joe\'s career is straining their relationship, and they have not had sex in a long time. Mary\'s instructor, Doug, gives her a ride home from her class and makes a pass at her. She rebuffs him, but lies to cover up the incident to Joe. Meanwhile, Bob suffers erectile dysfunction and is unable to have sex with Kelly. She mocks his inadequacy and leaves him. Dee Dee takes pity on Joe and allows him to audition for the role of a "sexy serial killer". He reads his lines with Tina and begins to improvise his dialogue. He impresses the producers and lands the role. Tina invites him out for a drink and he resists her advances with some difficulty. Mary meets with her therapist and tells him about her experience with her self-defense instructor. He tells her that she must become comfortable with men showing their attraction to her and begins sharing his own sexual fantasies about her. She storms out of the session. Meanwhile, Bob is negotiating a longtime contract on the soap opera, but Kelly continues to taunt him on set. Bob threatens to quit the show and then forces the producer to kill off Kelly\'s character. Bob goes back to dating Sahara, with whom he is miserable. Joe breaks the big news about his role to Mary and they rejoice. Mary asks him if she is wrong for feeling angry when men hit on her. Joe supports her and threatens to beat up her therapist if he ever sees him again. They have sex for the first time in months and drift off to sleep, happy and satisfied. Mary wraps her hand around Joe\'s finger, revealing that his improvised monologue had been about his feelings for her.'] ["Francesco  and Marta  are an uptight Roman couple running a small design firm. Their marriage, once the most important thing to both of them, has lost all meaning. Francesco loses interest in Marta, prompting her to start an affair with their business partner. Then Francesco's aunt Anita, the black sheep of the family, dies in Istanbul, where Francesco goes to try to sell the property he has inherited from her as quickly as possible. The family who had managed the property under Anita's supervision and direction welcomes him with hospitality, but they are concerned about what the future holds for them. Their young son Mehmet  is particularly eager to show their handsome guest around. When Francesco discovers the property includes a derelict hamam, a Turkish bath, he instead decides to restore the hamam and reopen it to the public. During the restoration, he starts a relationship with Mehmet.Steam-Scene Meanwhile, Marta has arrived in Istanbul to get a speedy divorce from Francesco, but she is taken aback when she realizes how much Francesco has changed from his Roman self: both the hamam and Mehmet's unconditional affection were just what he needed, giving him back a purpose in life. Marta falls in love with him again, causing Rome and the divorce to lose importance for her. Francesco's unwillingness to sell the property makes him enemies, some of whom ultimately murder him. Marta decides to stay in Istanbul and run the hamam, the final scene suggesting she has turned into a second Anita."] ["In 1983 Don Robson  started a boys football team called Athletico Greenwich. Twenty years later six of the lads are still playing for the team, but things have become so much more complicated.  Cass , the team's top scorer on and off the pitch, isn't sure he's ready for fatherhood with Kate , the love of his life. Adam  still hasn't told the rest of the team he's gay. Colin  is desperate to have a threesome even though he's just started going out with the lovely Vicky . Dylan  is in love with the woman his father is about to marry. Billy  is trying to save his marriage. Johnny  is not ready to accept the fact that his father, who started the team all those years ago, is dying. Whilst it is the Sunday football team that keeps this group of friends together, this is not a film about football. This is a film about complex relationships, and how childhood friends have to change as they mature.'Channel 4 Film Review', Clare Poland, June 2006"] ["Set in Canada’s multicultural milieu, Long, an only child, has kept his homosexuality a secret from his parents. Under pressure from his father to continue the family line, Long proposes to his long-time girlfriend Vanessa, much to the chagrin of Long's swim teammate Ryan, who confronts Long about his true feelings at their next swim practice. Sensing her son's growing distress, Long's mother tells him about a painful choice she made just before she married his father."] ['The actual members of the Hong Kong National Baseball Team appear in the film as themselves, in a story set in 2004. Their isolated existence leads them to take unconventional choices in both love and friendship, and to summon great courage in the face of their lonely and disconnected existence. The story focuses on the easy-going, yet often detached, main character, Ronnie, as played by Ron Heung, and his friendships and relationships with others, both on and off the sports field.'] ['The film is about a zombie named Otto who hitched a ride to Berlin and begins to explore the city. Otto is discovered by underground filmmaker Medea Yarn, who begins to make a documentary about him with the support of her girlfriend, Hella Bent, and her brother Adolf. Medea is trying to finish Up with Dead People, the epic political-porno-zombie movie that she has been working on and convinces its star, Fritz Fritze, to allow the vulnerable Otto to stay in his guest bedroom. Otto discovers that he has a wallet that contains information about his past life, remembering details about his ex-boyfriend, Rudolf. He arranges to meet him at the schoolyard where they met, with devastating results.'] ['Jonny , an awkward painting student, is “banished” by his instructor to the remote island of Eleuthera to focus on his work and find his voice. But first he finds Romeo , a handsome, self-confident guy who shows Jonny the scenic spots… and a bit more. Romeo’s got a girlfriend, however, as well as a blustery mother who willfully ignores any clue or hint he drops to set her straight. Meanwhile, Lena , a pastor’s wife has also made her way to this distant spot to contemplate her future in relative calm. Tired of her husband spouting high-and-mighty, anti-gay rhetoric at rallies, while refusing to own up to the cruelty and contradictions in his private life, Lena has a decision to make. Children of God" is the religious expression used by Christians to refer to human divinity as being all God\'s Children. Four Bahamian individuals who set out on a journey from the frenetic energy of Nassau to the slower-paced and open Eleuthera. The year is 2004 when the Caribbean world is rocked by the emergence of Rosie O\'Donnell\'s gay family cruise ship. Actual documentary footage details the mass hysteria that divides the Caribbean as some fundamentalists lead widespread rallies. Jonny, a young obsessive-compulsive suicidal white Bahamian artist, faces losing his scholarship at a local University if he does not live up to the potential his professors believe he has. Jonny escapes from his gritty inner-city life in Nassau to the under populated and dramatic Bahamian island of Eleuthera. Here he decides to paint his \'masterpiece\' and then kill himself. Lena Mackey is an extremely conservative forty year old anti-gay activist who upon finding out that her husband is not who he represents himself to be. She believes that the only way to fix problems in her life is to limit the rights of homosexuals. She heads to Eleuthera for the purpose of galvanizing the community to oppose gay rights. When Jonny arrives he and Lena paths cross and together these two embark on a series of physical and emotional adventures that not only inspire Jonny to paint but gives him a new zest for life.'] ["The film explores the relationship problems of two couples, Kohei and Kinuko, and Manabe and Hijiri, and the solutions they try to devise as a way out. Kohei and Kinuko, despite their age differences, seem like a happy pair, but there is an insurmountable distance between them. Kohei is married to another woman, and Kinuko, though she knows he will never divorce, can't bring herself to break off the relationship and start anew. Manabe and Hijiri, meanwhile, start off happily enough, but eventually their passion begins to wane as Manabe starts looking to other women for sex. Hijiri, feeling rejected, moves into an apartment next door to Kinuko, where she plots to break up the mismatched couple to her own advantage."] ["Den, an in-the-closet TV star, and his younger disabled lover's lives are turned upside down when Den's troubled teenage son, David, whom Den never knew he had, comes into their lives. David, a 16-year-old homophobe, shows up at the doorstep of Den's Hollywood Hills home and discovers both his famous dad and his and younger lover Colin. Colin is a former dancer, now using a wheelchair. Though their relationship is secret, Den and Colin are committed to each other, something they hope will improve David's disposition, given his rocky adolescence. Their otherwise seemingly idyllic and coveted life is permanently altered, as they are forced to confront an already problematic relationship. Eventually, all three men with the help of their unconventional and extended family are compelled to join together and redefine the concept of family."] ['The Lollipop Generation tells the story of \'Georgie\', a runaway teenager played by Jena von Brücker, and the people she meets on the "...outlying streets with no name..." "The Lollipop Generation", Buenos Aires Festival Internacional de Cine Independiente catalogue, 25 Mar-5 Apr 2009 At the same time, the film serves a diaristic function, documenting the people the director has met and the cities she travelled to,Liss, Sarah, "The Lollipop Generation", Eye Weekly, 2 Apr, 2008 capturing an entire generation of underground performers.Jackson, Sharyn, "Sweeter than candy on a stick", Time Out New York, 11-17 Dec 2008'] ['First-time crook Sonny , his friend Sal , and a second accomplice attempt to rob the fictitious First Brooklyn Savings Bank. The plan immediately goes awry when the second accomplice loses his nerve shortly after Sal pulls out his gun, and Sonny is forced to let him flee the scene. In the vault, Sonny discovers that he and Sal have arrived after the daily cash pickup, and only $1,100 in cash remains in the bank. To compensate, Sonny takes a number of traveller\'s cheques, but his attempt to prevent the cheques from being traced by burning the bank\'s register in a trash can causes smoke to billow out the side of the building, alerting the business across the street to suspicious activities. Within minutes, the building is surrounded by the police. Unsure of what to do, the two robbers camp out in the bank, holding all the workers hostage. Police Detective Sergeant Eugene Moretti  calls the bank to tell Sonny that the police have arrived. Sonny warns that he and Sal have hostages and will kill them if anyone tries to come into the bank. Sal tells Sonny that he is ready to kill the hostages if necessary. Detective Moretti acts as hostage negotiator, while FBI Agent Sheldon monitors his actions. Howard, the security guard has an asthma attack, so Sonny releases him when Moretti asks for a hostage as a sign of good faith. Moretti convinces Sonny to step outside the bank to see how aggressive the police forces are. Using head teller Sylvia  as a shield, Sonny exits the bank, and begins a dialogue with Moretti that culminates in his shouting "Attica! Attica!" , and the civilian crowd starts cheering for Sonny. After realizing they cannot make a simple getaway, Sonny demands that a helicopter be landed on the roof to fly him and Sal out of the country. When they\'re informed that the asphalt roof of the bank will not support a helicopter, Sonny demands that a vehicle drive him and Sal to an airport so that they can board a jet. He also demands pizzas for the hostages  and that his wife be brought to the bank. When Sonny\'s wife, Leon Shermer , a pre-operative transsexual, arrives, he reveals to the crowd and officials one of Sonny\'s reasons for robbing the bank is to pay for Leon\'s sex reassignment surgery, and that Sonny also has a legal wife, Angie , and children. As night sets in, the lights in the bank all shut off. Sonny goes outside again and discovers that Agent Sheldon has taken command of the scene. He refuses to give Sonny any more favors, but when the bank manager, Mulvaney , goes into a diabetic shock, Agent Sheldon lets a doctor through. While the doctor is inside the bank, Sheldon convinces Leon to talk to Sonny on the phone. The two have a lengthy conversation that reveals Leon had attempted suicide to "get away from" Sonny. He had been hospitalized at the psychiatric ward of Bellevue Hospital until the police brought him to the scene. Leon turns down Sonny\'s offer to join him and Sal to wherever they take the plane. Sonny tells police listening to the phone call that Leon had nothing to do with the robbery attempt. After the phone call, the doctor asks Sonny to let Mulvaney leave and Sonny agrees. Mulvaney refuses, instead insisting he remain with his employees. The FBI calls Sonny out of the bank again. They have brought his mother to the scene. She unsuccessfully tries to persuade him to give himself up and Agent Sheldon signals that a limousine will arrive in ten minutes to take them to a waiting jet. Once back inside the bank, Sonny writes out his will, leaving money from his life insurance to Leon for his sex change and to his wife Angie. When the limousine arrives, Sonny checks it for any hidden weapons or booby traps. When he decides the car is satisfactory, he settles on Agent Murphy to drive Sonny, Sal, and the remaining hostages to Kennedy Airport. Per Sonny\'s earlier agreement, an additional hostage, Edna  is released, and the remaining hostages get into the limousine with Sonny and Sal. Sonny sits in the front next to Murphy while Sal sits behind them. Murphy repeatedly asks Sal to point his gun at the roof so Sal won\'t accidentally shoot him. As they wait on the airport tarmac for the plane to taxi into position, he again reminds Sal to aim his gun up so he doesn\'t fire by accident. Sal does so, Agent Sheldon forces Sonny\'s weapon onto the dashboard, creating a distraction which allows Murphy to pull a revolver hidden in his armrest and shoot Sal in the head. Sonny is immediately arrested and the hostages are all escorted to the terminal. The film ends with Sonny watching Sal\'s body being taken from the car on a stretcher. Subtitles reveal that Sonny was sentenced to 20 years in prison; Angie and her children subsisted on welfare; and Leon had sex reassignment surgery.'] ["Pierre  is a photojournalist from Montreal who's working on a reportage in Nicaragua. There he sees many people being executed and he takes photographs of them. Even of the death of a young child and of his mother crying. Back home in Montreal, his ten-year bisexual ménage à trois  is over. Sarah  and David  have moved out, leaving Pierre wondering why. Pierre is haunted by his experiences and memories in war, and those of his relationship with Sarah and David. The memories in his mind are most of the times shown in black and white mouvies with emotianal background-music. After some days, when he's been stalking David and Sarah with his photocamera, he meets the young deaf-mute Quentin . After a while he's able to begin a new life with Quentin."] ['Matty Dean , a young gay man, arrives in New York City by bus and immediately heads for Greenwich Village. There he falls in with drag queen La Miranda  and friends, who take him to the Stonewall Inn. There is a police raid and Mattie and La Miranda are arrested. They are bailed out by Bostonia , who is the African-American "mother" of the family of queens who hang out at the Stonewall. Bostonia is the secret lover of Vinnie , the deeply closeted mafioso who runs the Stonewall. Matty and La Miranda go back to La Miranda\'s place where she receives her draft notice. They talk all night until Matty leaves to attend a meeting of the Mattachine Society, where he meets Burt  and Ethan , who he\'d bumped into the night before while Ethan was distributing leaflets. The group is planning a picket at Independence Hall in Philadelphia. Ethan and Matty spend some time together after the meeting until Matty goes to meet La Miranda. They witness an initiation of sorts as a young man named José becomes the drag queen Camelia. After the ceremony they return to La Miranda\'s place and make love. Matty Dean spends more time with Ethan, who is a writer under a pseudonym for a homophile magazine. They flirt and become infatuated. La Miranda reports to the induction center in full drag and is ordered to go for psychological evaluation. La Miranda is terrified because of former bad experiences with psychiatrists, so Matty dons her clothes and meets with the doctor in her place, securing a rejection from military service for her as a "sexual deviant." On the subway ride home, Matty tells La Miranda he loves her. At a Mattachine meeting, Matty is disgusted by the guest speaker, a psychiatrist who discourses on the then-current disease model of homosexuality, and leaves. After the meeting Burt, Ethan and Matty argue about it on their way to meet with a reporter and photographer from the Village Voice newspaper. The group stages a "sip-in," trying to illustrate discriminatory alcohol service laws by being refused service but no one refuses to serve them until they go to the Stonewall. At the bar La Miranda and Ethan meet and Ethan treats her mockingly. La Miranda realizes that Matty hasn\'t told his Mattachine friends about her and storms out. Matty follows and they argue about La Miranda\'s refusal to conform and Matty\'s feeling the need to be with more masculine men. Matty seeks out Ethan and they begin an affair. Vinnie takes Bostonia to an isolated rooftop. He points out a clinic he calls the "Palace of Dreams" and tells her that he wants her to have sex reassignment surgery so that they can marry. Bostonia is vehemently opposed to this, declaring herself to be "a chick with a dick who ain\'t done with her dick yet." Vinnie is miserable and Bostonia reaches to comfort him, but Vinnie is terrified that someone will spot them through one of the distant windows. Following the Philadelphia picket, Ethan takes Matty to Fire Island, which Ethan describes as "heaven." "Heaven" includes such repressive features as men not being allowed to dance face-to-face, not being allowed to dance at all unless there\'s a woman on the dance floor and police performing random beach checks for "suggestive" bathing costumes. Given the choice between Ethan\'s acceptance of that sort of discrimination and La Miranda\'s defiance, Matty chooses La Miranda and they reconcile. It is the day of Judy Garland\'s death. Bostonia watches the television coverage, very depressed. To cheer her up, Vinnie takes her out in full drag in public for the first time. They have ice cream at a fancy restaurant, their open affection drawing disapproving stares from the other patrons, until asked to leave by the manager. As they wake up together the next morning, Vinnie asks Bostonia if he\'s ever told her that he loves her. She says no. Vinnie suddenly commits suicide with a bullet through the head and Bostonia becomes hysterical. Vinnie has left her a large amount of cash and scrawled "I LOVE YOU" on a mirror in lipstick. That night at the Stonewall there\'s another raid. Several of the queens are arrested, including Bostonia. As she\'s led out, the arresting officer says "Poor little faggot don\'t know whether to kill me or kiss me." Bostonia smashes him in the face, saying "I guess I made up my mind." She is attacked by other cops and other queens fight back, touching off the riots that would mark the beginning of the gay community\'s advocacy movement for its rights.'] ["Gary  is a hustler walking through the streets of New York City, looking for business. On the way, he saves a young deaf transvestite from a group of gay bashers, but regrets it afterwards because the transvestite becomes infatuated with Gary and follows him everywhere. Gary introduces the transvestite to his friends: Valentino, a former porn star, and Mary Carmen, the Latina who works as a doughnut shop waitress and is in love with Valentino, with whom she has been living for some time. Together they form a bohemian family, which includes Veronica, a still-active porn star, and Nat, a tattoo artist. Gary is also in love with Valentino, who is dying of AIDS. Through the stages of the disease, Mary Carmen and Gary argue over what kind of care he should be receiving, and who is going to supply that care. As Valentino draws near death, Mary Carmen finds out she is carrying Valentino's baby. The three take stock of themselves and their relationships with one another."] ["Hineini  chronicles the story of Izen's attempt to establish a gay-straight alliance at a Jewish high school in the Boston. The student, Shulamit Izen, enters 9th grade at The New Jewish High School  in Waltham, Massachusetts openly identifying as a lesbian. Set in an interview format, the Hineini documents Izen, her family, teachers, and other students who both support her campaign and those who oppose it. Among themes examined in the documentary is the Jewish community wrestling with the issues of pluralism and diversity."] ['The movie takes the perspective of John Lyshitski  who has spent most of his life in prison, serving three different sentences . Each of his three trials were before Judge Nelson Biederman III, who seemed to show no mercy passing down indiscriminately harsh sentences. After being released from his third sentence, John decides to take revenge on Biederman. After trying to determine when Biederman would be presiding over his next case, he discovers  that he had died three days prior to his release. He turns his attention to the judge\'s brash son, Nelson Biederman IV . At a dedication ceremony for Nelson III, John sneaks into Nelson\'s BMW, where he steals his change, spits in his coffee, and exhausts his emergency inhaler. After the ceremony, Nelson IV yells at his attorney  clearly upset about having to go through such an ordeal, demanding that they leave him be and have a Fresca ready for him upon his arrival. He drives down the road and, finding his inhaler empty, immediately panics and hyperventilates. He stops at a pharmacy and scrambles through the shelves, desperately seeking some kind of replacement for the inhaler he lost. The pharmacy owners think he\'s another junkie, seeking some kind of fix. After finding and using an inhaler, he hides behind a counter and holds up the inhaler. The storeowner, however, mistakes the inhaler for a tiny pistol which leads the owners to call the police. Nelson ends up arrested and, after turning down the idea of stepping down and serving his time, demands that the Biederman foundation do whatever they have to do to have him released. The board contemplates for a moment, considering asking the governor to get Nelson out. However, they soon realize that this is their opportunity to get rid of him, so they conspire to get him a poor defense in trial, since they are sick and tired of his stubborn attitude. With this severely inadequate legal representation, Nelson is found guilty and sentenced three to five years Rossmore State Penitentiary. John is not satisfied with Nelson just going to prison, however, so John decides to join him in prison by intentionally selling marijuana to undercover police officers. At his sentencing he pleads guilty to the same judge Nelson IV had, and asks for the same sentence  at the same prison. After negotiating with the judge and bribing a few guards, he ends up as Nelson’s cellmate, and here he pretends to be his friend, all in an attempt to give him the wrong advice on surviving life in prison. While he is in jail, John consistently gives him bad advice and informs him about the people within the prison, including Lynard, the excessively violent leader of The White Kingdom, a white-supremacy ring within the penitentiary. Somehow, Nelson gets himself out of a numerous array of jams with help from John. He soon meets gang leader Barry , a hulking, burly gay fellow who basically rushes Nelson into a relationship with him. Despite his fearsome appearance, Barry has the heart of a true romantic beating within his massive, hairy torso – he likes smooth jazz , he plies potential romantic partners with his finest toilet-made Merlot, and he has transformed his prison cell into a candle-lit, rose-bedecked passion parlor. Nelson first submits to being his partner out of fear, and although he clearly has no kind of romantic interest in him, he becomes quite fond of Barry. Nelson reaches his one-year parole hearing relatively unscathed, and actually the "top dog" in the prison. However, John will not allow his target to escape prison so easily: he drugs Nelson and writes "WHITE POWER" on his forehead and a swastika on each side of his neck. This leads to the parole board deciding that Nelson "needs" more time to be rehabilitated. Infuriated, Nelson brings John up on the act; John then confesses to putting Nelson in jail and the two get embroiled in a fight. It is here that John regrets bunking with Nelson when he realizes Nelson has nothing to lose but his will to murder, and John is the target. After an ensuing brawl, the guards set up a death match between the two. However, John and Nelson secretly conspire and inject each other with a coma-inducing drug. The guards and prisoners believe that they are dead and bury the pair outside in the graveyard. Nelson uses Barry\'s love for him to his own advantage as he gives his recently released sweetheart access to his funds to bribe off the mortician to avoid an autopsy. Barry later digs the two up, freeing them. One year later, Barry and Nelson have become life partners and set up a winery called "Baby Duck Winery" , where a critic is about to fail their wine. John shows up and forces the critic to give them a good review. Nelson, Barry and John end the film by taking a drive, and listening to "Move This" by Technotronic. During the end credits, Barry sings a song called "Shower With U"  in which he repeatedly sings "I wanna take a shower with you".'] ['Ferguson plays Crawford Mackenzie, a Scottish hairdresser who, while being filmed as part of a fly-on-the-wall documentary, is invited to the World Hairdresser International Federation annual contest. The documentary team follows Crawford to L.A. where he discovers that his invitation is to be a member of the audience rather than a competitor. He eventually weasels his way into the contest and produces the greatest creation of his career.'] ["Elena Winters , a mother and a pastor's wife, and Peyton Lombard , a well-known lesbian writer, are two different personalities. When their paths cross, they feel connected to each other and eventually fall in love."] ['Things You Can Tell Just by Looking at Her consists of five stories or vignettes, tied together loosely to envision the complexity of incomplete communications about life, family, and love. We glimpse the lives of five women, each facing problems such as loneliness, dissatisfaction, longing, and or desire. Rodrigo Garcia, in his first-time directing, assembled this film with a loaded cast of actresses who can tell you everything you need to know just by their body language and facial expressions. Their individual stories show us what “things you can tell just by looking at her”. In the film\'s prologue, Kathy  --a police detective--and her partner are investigating the apparent suicide of an unknown woman. Dr. Keener , a middle-aged doctor, attempts to care for her aging mother while coping with her own loneliness. She avoids intimacy, but also longs for it; we see both frustration and anticipation as she waits for phone calls from male colleagues. Dr. Keener decides to seek comfort or escape in Christine  who reads tarot cards. Christine’s partner Lilly  is critically ill with an unnamed disease, possibly cancer. Rebecca  is a successful bank manager who\'s "not big on regrets". After a three-year involvement with Robert --who keeps her secret from his wife--she becomes pregnant. Before Rebecca visits Dr. Keener to get an abortion, she has a fling with Walter, , a co-worker. Rose  is a single mother who is writing children’s books, and develops a sweet crush on a new dwarf neighbor , who catches Rose spying on him. Rose later experiences the shock of learning about her son\'s extensive sexual activity. Kathy\'s sister Carol Faber  is a lovely blind woman who has an active social life. Kathy is attracted to the medical examiner in the suicide case, and her story ends with him taking her out on a date. In an epilogue, Dr. Keener drops in to a bar, where she meets the male character, Walter, from previous stories . Carmen has a non-speaking role, a woman who appears in four scenes in four different stories, once walking beside Rebecca , and once in the grocery store while Rose  is shopping, and once under Christine\'s balcony , and the fourth a postmortem examination by detective Kathy  alongside Kathy\'s BF, Dr Sam . Presumably, Carmen is also Robert\'s  wife who was visited by him in San Francisco, as understood from Carol\'s  imaginative story towards the end of the film. Carol has a good detective and storytelling imagination that could qualify her to be a good writer, according to her sister, Kathy. Another conclusion involves that Robert  has taken a detective job from Carol , according to one of Carol\'s lines. This is a very loose conclusion based on the film\'s whole plot and hyperlink cinema.'] ['"Zerophilia" is a fictional condition that affects an unknown number of people with an extra "Z" chromosome. Following their first full sexual experience, zerophiliacs begin to change gender after experiencing an orgasm. Luke , a young man somewhat insecure about his masculinity, begins to exhibit zerophilia following an encounter with a woman . He meets Michelle  and experiences partial transformations when they go out together. He confides with his best friend Keenan  about his partial transformations, who in turn contacts Dr. Sydney Catchadourian . Dr. Catchadourian persuades Luke to go through a full transformation. Luke does this by masturbating, becoming female and subsequently calling herself "Luca". Luca has difficulty achieving an orgasm to change back, even with coaching from Keenan\'s girlfriend Janine . However, a visit by Michelle\'s attractive brother, Max , who flirts with "Luke\'s cousin", enables her to get sufficiently aroused to complete the transformation back to Luke. Luke is threatened by his gender transformation, his arousal by an attractive male, and the questions of sexual identity it raises; he seeks help from Sydney. She tells him that a zerophiliac can become "a-morphic" and stop changing gender only by having sex with another zerophiliac... such as herself. He reluctantly agrees to do it, but discovers afterward that she wasn\'t telling him the full truth: an a-morphic zerophiliac can still change by having sex with another zerophiliac, and Dr. Catchadourian was using Luke to change herself one last time , leaving Luca as a woman in the process. Comic tensions arise from Luke\'s efforts to keep Michelle at a distance, Max\'s defensiveness about his sister, Luca\'s half-hearted resistance to Max\'s affections, and Luke\'s confused aggression toward Max. When Michelle discovers that Luke had sex with Dr. Catchadourian, she feels betrayed. Hoping to find Michelle, Luca seeks out Max to profess deep affection for Michelle and remorse for betraying her. Max is touched by the apology, and reveals that he is actually Michelle, also a zerophiliac. They make love repeatedly, both of them changing gender each time, destined to live happily, alternately as Luca and Max, and Luke and Michelle.'] ['Robbie Levinson  and Trey McCoy  are an openly gay couple living in a suburban home near friend and next-door neighbor Kathleen Slansky . The couple plans to hold a commitment ceremony to exchange rings. Trey\'s mother, Barbara , suggests to Trey, who suggests to Robbie, that the couple consider raising a child. When Chris Boyd  arrives next-door with a moving truck with friend Alton Kachim , they disgustedly watch Trey kiss a nervous Robbie. Alton annoys Chris with his homophobic jokes, and suggests they "do something about it." Chris makes unprovoked, threatening remarks toward Robbie, telling Robbie he will "go to hell" and warns him to “watch his back." Chris is a youth pastor and the son of Pastor Boyd  who vehemently condemns homosexuality. Chris delivers Robbie his church\'s pamphlet after Kathleen refuses it and threatens retaliation should Chris get involved. Robbie subsequently learns of the church and Pastor Boyd, who is angered to learn Chris has long been estranged from his presumed daughter-in-law. While walking his Boston Terrier, Trey is brutally attacked with a baseball bat and is taken to a hospital, where he falls into a coma. Under criminal investigation, the Boyd family conspires to agree on Chris\' alibi. Robbie commits to a child, but Trey soon suffers severe brain hemorrhage and dies, having never awakened since the attack. Robbie dons himself and Trey with their commitment rings at Trey\'s viewing. The investigation is transferred to homicide Detective Esposito , who asks Robbie if he killed Trey, pointing out his insurance policy and the fact that Robbie’s were the only set of fingerprints on the bat. Robbie is arrested and given a restraining order for assaulting Chris after a failed attempt to get a surreptitiously tape-recorded confession from Chris. Esposito moves to make a case against him. Robbie enters Chris\' home and finds gay porn in his internet bookmarks. Pastor Boyd confronts Chris with a private investigator’s photographs of Chris meeting for anonymous gay sex on multiple occasions, and it is revealed that Chris was meeting one of his lovers on the night of the murder. Detective Fisher  contacts Alton, who surmises that Chris killed Trey, because he phoned his parents\' home and he was not there. Pastor Boyd confronts his son and confesses to murdering Trey. Robbie tape-records Pastor Boyd confessing to the murder and turns the tape over to Esposito. Esposito refuses to move against the pastor and confiscates the tape, but Barbara recovers it. Chris contemplates suicide, yet refuses to testify against his father; he does, however, leave Robbie his father\'s gun. Robbie, Kathleen, and Barbara conspire and execute a plan to kill Pastor Boyd in a disguised break-in to retrieve the tape-recording. With Chris\'s testimony against his dead father, Esposito reluctantly accepts the staged break-in as fact.'] ['Leo , is the eldest of four brothers. Marcel , age 10, is the youngest. With their young parents, they are a happy and close-knit family. One evening, Marcel overhears his family discussing the news that Leo is HIV-positive. They all agree to protect Marcel from the news, even though Leo wants to tell his little brother, not only that he has HIV, but that he is gay. The family continues pretending everything is fine to Marcel, but the young boy is devastated and starts behaving badly. Marcel wants the truth, but neither his parents nor his brothers can bring themselves to speak openly about it. Marcel is just on the edge of puberty and is sometimes childish and sometimes mature and sensitive. When he is excluded from a midnight ocean swim by his brothers, he follows them to the beach demanding to be included. Leo takes Marcel off to Paris so that he can visit an old boyfriend and explain both himself and his situation to his young brother. Marcel understands that Leo is very unhappy with his situation, and sees him decide to stop taking his medication. Leo cannot cope with the stress and puts Marcel on a train back home to Brittany, asking the boy to lighten the atmosphere back home.'] ['In 1977, Eddie Adams is a high school dropout who lives with his father and alcoholic mother in Torrance, California. He works at a Los Angeles nightclub owned by Maurice Rodriguez, where he is discovered by porn director Jack Horner, who auditions him by watching him having sex with Rollergirl, a porn starlet who always wears skates. After a heated argument with his mother about his girlfriend and his sexual life, Adams runs away from home and moves in with Horner at his San Fernando Valley home. After agreeing to enter the world of pornography, he gives himself the screen name "Dirk Diggler", and becomes a star because of his good looks, youthful charisma, and extraordinarily large penis. His success allows him to buy a new house, an extensive wardrobe, and a "competition orange" Chevrolet Corvette. Dirk and his best friend/fellow star Reed Rothchild are featured in a series of successful action-themed porn films. Assistant director Little Bill is married to a porn star who frequently embarrasses him by having sex with other men in public. At a New Year\'s Eve party at Jack\'s house marking the year 1980, he shoots both her and her lover, then turns the gun on himself. Jack\'s porn empire struggles after his main source of funding, the Colonel, is imprisoned for possession of child pornography. His new financier, Floyd Gondolli, insists on cutting costs by shooting on videotape, a format that Jack detests. He is also unhappy with the lack of scripts and character development in the projects Gondolli expects him to churn out as quickly as possible. One of these projects involves him and Rollergirl, riding in a limousine searching for random men for her to have sex with while a crew tapes it. When a man recognizes Rollergirl as a former high school classmate, he insults both her and Jack. They beat him and leave him bleeding and half-conscious on the street. Leading lady Amber Waves, who took Eddie under her wing when he joined Jack\'s stable of actors, finds herself in a custody battle with her former husband. The court determines she is an unfit mother due to her involvement in the porn industry, prior criminal record, and cocaine addiction. Buck Swope marries fellow porn star Jessie St. Vincent, who shortly thereafter becomes pregnant. Because of his past, Buck is denied a bank loan to open a stereo equipment store. He stops at a donut shop and finds himself in the middle of a hold up, in which the clerk, the thief and an armed customer are killed in the crossfire. Buck escapes with the money and uses it to finance his store. Dirk becomes addicted to cocaine and methamphetamine, and as a result, he finds it increasingly difficult to achieve an erection, and falls into violent mood swings. After he has a falling out with Jack during a film shoot, he and Reed decide to pursue their dream of rock and roll stardom, a move supported by Scotty, a gay boom operator who is in love with Dirk. However, they squander their money, leaving them unable to pay the recording studio for the demo tapes. Desperate for money, Dirk resorts to prostitution, but he is assaulted and robbed by a gang of thugs. Dirk, Reed, and their friend Todd attempt to scam drug dealer Rahad Jackson by selling him a half-kilo of baking soda disguised as cocaine. The sale seems to have been executed smoothly, but Todd unexpectedly tries to rob Rahad, and is killed in the ensuing gunfight. Frightened by his brush with death, Dirk tearfully reconciles with Jack. By 1984, Amber, Rollergirl, and Dirk, now living in Jack\'s house, prepare to shoot a film.'] ['Jay-Taew, Cartoon, Mot-dum and Songkram are four aging katoey  who run a boarding house for boys in provincial Thailand. After helping to cover up the mysterious deaths of "Pancake" and Num-Ning, two local teens, their spirits begin to haunt the dormitory, forcing the "girls" to try all sorts of crazy schemes to get rid of the ghosts. Eventually, they realize that the only way to do this is to help the ghosts to avenge their deaths.'] ["Although aspiring actresses Nozomi  and Rana  share a Tokyo apartment that's owned by their talent management agency, they're a world apart. Nozomi is a soft-spoken country girl from Sado Island who prides herself on being demure. City girl Rana, who grew up in a rough area of Tokyo, is more worldly, experienced and jaded. Whilst in apartment, they learn they have auditioned for the same part in a highly anticipated film called Yakuza Wives and that there will be a phone call in the morning that will reveal who wins the role. They decide to stay in for the phone call. A conversation between two actresses turns sour, bringing their hidden resentment to the surface, which pushes them into committing a series of violent acts against each other while arguing over their backgrounds, lifestyles, choices, and love lives. As they lay dying from severe injuries they inflicted on each other, their apartment phone finally rings at dawn. When it goes unanswered, it's switched to their answering machine. A male voice on the machine announces they both won the part."] ["The story takes place in Havana, Cuba in 1979. David  is a university student who meets Diego , a gay artist unhappy with the Castro regime's attitude toward the LGBT community as well as the censored conceptualization of culture. David's homophobic classmate, Miguel , plans to use David to spy on Diego, a person whom they see as aberrant and dangerous to the Communist cause; Diego, for his part, initiates the friendship with sexual intentions."] ['A counselor’s ethics demand that she maintain confidentiality, be objective and not get emotional. But for a sensitive young woman like Mansi it is difficult to remain unaffected. Her true feelings are reflected in 68 pages of her personal diary. Through these pages we see the stories of Paayal, a commercial sex worker; Nishit, an intravenous drug user; Kiran, a gay man; and Umrao, a transsexual bar dancer &mdash; stories of being marginalized and discriminated before and after becoming getting HIV. These stories have the capacity to touch, heal, change lives and hopefully bring about a better understanding of their fight to live with dignity.'] ['In London, the beautiful Venetian Carla Burin  is an intern at the front desk of an hotel. She is looking for an apartment to allow her boyfriend Matteo  to join her there. The real estate agent, Moira  happens to be a lesbian and rents her a loft with a view of the Thames, with "intimate conditions". When the hot-tempered and jealous Matteo finds a nude picture of Carla and letters from her former French lover Bernard , Carla and Matteo have a row on the phone. Angry at Mateo, Carla sleeps with Moira. Matteo, desperate, comes to London, where he finds Moira naked in Carla\'s apartment. He confronts Carla about all her past infidelities and refuses a blowjob from her before leaving. After a walk in the park, where he sees lots of sexual activity, he changes his mind. Carla shows up with a written account of her infidelities but Matteo declares he no longer needs to know.'] ['Teenager Dedee Truitt  runs away from home after her stepfather\'s funeral and moves in with her half-brother Bill , a gay teacher in a conservative, suburban community in Saint Joseph County, Indiana. Dedee seduces Bill\'s young lover, Matt , then tricks him into believing he has impregnated her. In fact, the father of her child is her ex-boyfriend Randy Cates . She and Matt elope, leaving Bill and the uptight Lucia , the sister of Bill\'s deceased partner Tom, to track them down and sort out the mess. In the meantime, Matt\'s "bit on the side," Jason Bock , attempts to blackmail Bill in order to track down Matt, claiming Bill sexually assaulted him while he was a student. Bill and Lucia find Dedee and Matt, only to discover Dedee has stolen Tom\'s ashes and is holding them for ransom. Randy also finds Dedee; they inform Matt that they are taking the ashes and moving to have the baby elsewhere. They escape but soon get into an argument that leads to Dedee accidentally shooting Randy. She and Matt escape to Canada, and Bill eventually finds them. After giving birth to Randy Jr., Dedee returns Tom\'s ashes to Bill, apologizing for her actions in the past year. After a few months in prison, she moves back in with Bill, while Matt and Jason go traveling together, and Lucia marries her old friend Carl . Eventually, Dedee decides that Randy Jr. would be better off alone with Bill  and runs away. Narrating the ending, Dedee sarcastically concludes that sex is precisely the opposite of what people should want, leading as it does to kids, disease or, worst of all, relationships. At the end of the film, the vignettes of the various caring relationships among the characters show the opposite of superficial sexual gratification.'] ['One Christmas Eve in present day Tokyo, three homeless people &mdash; {{nihongo}}, a middle-aged alcoholic, {{nihongo}}, a transwoman and former drag queen, and {{nihongo}}, a runaway girl &mdash; discover an abandoned newborn while searching in some trash. Deposited with the unnamed baby is a note asking the finder to take good care of her and a bag containing clues to the parent\'s identity. The trio sets out to find the baby\'s parents. The baby is named Kiyoko, "pure child" as she is born on Christmas Eve. Outside a cemetery, the group encounters a high-ranking yakuza man trapped under his car. The man happens to know the owner of the club Kiyoko\'s mother used to visit; he is getting married to the man\'s daughter. At the wedding, the groom tells them that the baby\'s mother is a former club member named Sachiko. He gives them Sachiko\'s address, but the party is interrupted when a maid is revealed to be a Latin American hit man in disguise, attempting to shoot the bride\'s father with a Tokarev TT-33, the hit man kidnaps Miyuki and the baby and takes them back to his home. There, Miyuki befriends the hit man\'s wife and shows her some pictures of her family. Hana searches for Miyuki and Kiyoko while Gin takes care of an old homeless man whom he finds dying in the street. The old man dies after giving Gin a little red bag. Some teenagers show up to beat Gin and the deceased old man. Meanwhile, Hana finds the girls and they go off to find a place to stay. Hana takes them to a club she used to work at. Gin, who was found by another member of the club, is also there. The trio sets out to find Sachiko\'s house. They\'re informed of the unhappy marriage Sachiko shares with her husband. The group rests at a store until they are told to leave by the shopkeeper. Hana collapses and is taken to a hospital. At the hospital, Gin finds his daughter who works as a nurse. Hana humiliates Gin in front of his daughter and storms out of the hospital. Miyuki follows with Kiyoko. Hana and Miyuki find Sachiko about to jump off a bridge. Sachiko insists that her husband got rid of the baby without her knowledge, and they return it to her. Meanwhile, Gin finds Sachiko\'s husband, who reveals that Kiyoko is actually a baby that Sachiko stole from the hospital. The chase for Sachiko and the baby begins. After an intense car chase through the city, Miyuki follows Sachiko as she escapes to the top of a building. Sachiko tries to jump off the building, but her husband comes out of his apartment  and encourages her to start a new life. Sachiko jumps off nevertheless and accidentally drops the baby off of the building. Hana jumps after Kiyoko. She catches the baby and miraculously lands safely. Hana, Miyuki, and Gin are taken to the hospital. Miyuki hands Gin his cigarettes and drops the old man\'s small red bag on the floor, revealing a winning lottery ticket. Kiyoko\'s real parents want to ask the trio to become her godparents. When a police inspector introduce them to the trio, the inspector is revealed to be Miyuki\'s father.'] ['In 1937, London music critic and composer Roderick "Rick" Fitzgerald  and his sister Pamela  fall in love with Windward House, an abandoned seaside house, during a holiday on England\'s rocky coast. They purchase it for an unusually low price from Commander Beech . Rick and Pamela meet Beech’s 20-year-old granddaughter, Stella Meredith , who lives with her grandfather in the nearby town of Biddlecombe. Stella is deeply upset by the sale because of her attachment to the house, despite it being where her mother died. The commander has forbidden Stella to enter the house. However, she gains access to Windward House through Rick, who has become infatuated with her. The Fitzgeralds\' initial enchantment with the house diminishes when they unlock an artist\'s studio where they feel an inexplicable chill. Then, just before dawn, Rick hears the eerie sobs of an unseen woman, a phenomenon that Pamela investigated whilst awaiting her brother\'s return with their Irish housekeeper, Lizzie Flynn . The superstitious Lizzie notices a peculiar draft on the stairs. Rick and Pamela must face the obvious: Windward House is haunted. When Stella comes to Windward for dinner, she senses a spirit. Rather than fearing it, she associates the calming presence with her mother. Also, the strong scent of mimosa is that of her mother\'s favorite perfume. Suddenly she dashes out towards the very cliff from which her mother Mary fell to her death seventeen years earlier. Rick catches her just before she reaches the edge. Stella professes to have no recollection of the near-fatal incident. The Fitzgeralds and the town physician, Dr. Scott , investigate. They learn that Stella\'s father, a painter, had had an affair with his model, a Spanish gypsy named Carmel. Stella\'s mother, Mary Meredith, from all accounts a beautiful and virtuous woman, found out and took Carmel to Paris, leaving her there. Subsequently Carmel returned to England, stole the infant Stella from Windward, and, during a confrontation, flung Mary Meredith off the cliff to her death. Shortly afterward, Carmel became ill and died. Rick tries to dissuade Stella from her dangerous attraction to Windward by staging a séance to convey the "message" that her mother wants her to stay away. However, the ghost takes over, communicating that it is guarding Stella. Stella becomes possessed by the spirit and begins muttering in Spanish. Distressed by Stella\'s renewed involvement with Windward, Beech sends Stella to a sanitorium run by Miss Holloway , Mary\'s friend and confidante. The Fitzgeralds visit and question Holloway, unaware that Stella is confined there. Holloway explains that after Mary\'s death, she took care of Carmel, who had contracted pneumonia and eventually died of it. Looking through the records of the previous village physician, Dr. Scott discovers that Holloway may have hastened Carmel\'s death. The doctor is then called away to care for an ailing Beech, who tells him that Stella is at the sanitorium. Rick, Pam, and Scott telephone Miss Holloway to inform her that they are on their way. Holloway deceives Stella, saying that the Fitzgeralds have invited her to live with them. Stella happily takes the train home. A deranged Holloway tells the would-be rescuers that Stella is on her way to Windward House. There Stella finds only her grandfather in the studio. He begs Stella with his last strength to get out, but she remains at his side. When a ghost manifests, the commander succumbs to a heart attack. Stella welcomes the ghost, believing it to be her mother, but the apparition frightens her, and she flees towards the cliff. Rick and Dr. Scott get there just in time to pull Stella from the crumbling cliff to safety. Back inside, the group is drawn again to the physician\'s journal, which the friendly spirit has turned to a certain page. They discover that Carmel gave birth to a child . The truth becomes clear: Carmel is Stella\'s mother. Stella\'s realization of her true parentage frees Carmel\'s spirit to leave Windward. Something evil, though, has remained. After sending everyone away, Rick confronts the spirit of Mary Meredith, telling her that they are no longer afraid of her and that she has no power over them anymore. Defeated, Mary\'s spirit departs.'] ['A sick homosexual Middle Ages literature professor decides to leave as a heritage "Blanquerna", by Ramon Llull, for a young and intelligent pupil.{{cite web}}'] ["Rachel, a beautiful young artist, is murdered at her secluded lakefront house by a group of soulless killers. Her brother Travis vows to punish her killers one by one - even if it costs him his soul. Guided by his sister's ghostly voice that commands him to take brutal revenge, Travis hunts down each of the killers and punishes them in gruesome fashion. Travis's conscience catches up with him, but his sister's voice and other circumstances push him into much more horrible circumstances than he is already in."] ["When the curtains open, viewers find themselves caught within a nightmare that strongly contrasts the dreaminess of sequences to come: a young girl's birthday party is cruelly interrupted by Josh's  loss of custody over her. He wakes in a fright and squeezes the hand of his husband  for comfort. Early on, a theme in Claire is identified here: the transcendence of love beyond social 'norms. The audience is briefly walked through the pair's daily routine. One exception emerges after the couple has lain down the following night: the appearance of Claire; their unexpected miracles, just a tiny thing inside an iridescent ear of corn. As the story progresses and Claire grows into the shape of a young woman, she enchants onlookers with her beauty and readings of fantastic poetry in various languages. Richard  is particularly entranced; and gives her his copy of Shelley's work as a token. It is in him that Claire discovers her miraculous healing powers proceeding his dive from a cliff in an attempt to win her affection. While exemplifying the nontraditional family---two men lovingly raising a child of the moon---the film celebrates the diversity of family and also addresses the grief of losing a loved one."] ['Benigno  Martin and Marco Zuluaga cross paths when they attend the same concert dance, only eventually meeting again at a private clinic where Benigno works. There, he is the personal nurse and caregiver for Alicia, a beautiful dance student who lies in a coma and with whom Benigno has become obsessed. Marco, a journalist and travel writer, is at the clinic to visit his girlfriend Lydia, a famous matador who is also comatose after being gored by a bull. As the men stand vigil over these women, the story unfolds in flashbacks, giving details of the two relationships. Marco leaves Lydia in the hospital when her previous lover informs him that they had reunited a month before Lydia\'s accident. He travels to Jordan to write a tourist guide; while there he reads in a newspaper that Lydia has died in her coma. Meanwhile, Alicia is discovered to be pregnant. Benigno, who believes his relationship with the comatose Alicia is a mutual love affair, is accused of raping her and is sent to prison in Segovia. Marco returns to Spain and begins trying to help Benigno. He finds out that Alicia had awakened during or sometime after giving birth, but the baby was stillborn. Following Benigno\'s lawyer\'s urging, he does not tell Benigno about her unexpected recovery. Desperate, Benigno ingests a large quantity of pills to try to "escape" and reunite with Alicia. He dies of an overdose. Meanwhile, Alicia has begun rehabilitation to recover her ability to walk and dance. The film ends with Marco, sitting two rows in front of Alicia at a dance concert, turning around and smiling at her for a moment, and then turning back around. The screen lists Marco y Alicia as the next act.'] ['Nia Vardalos and Toni Collette play the titular characters, whose lifelong friendship and co-obsession with musical theater have brought nothing but career dead ends. Despite this they continue their optimism, hosting a variety act at an airport lounge. After accidentally witnessing a mafia hit in Chicago, they go on the run, landing in Los Angeles. Initially working at a beauty salon, they wind up posing as drag queens and auditioning to host a drag revue at a gay club. Because they sing their own songs , they are hired, and their variety show (first entitled What a Drag  becomes a hit. Things are going smoothly but the two make a pact not to let men interfere with their life. This causes conflict when Connie falls for Jeff , the straight brother of Robert , one of their drag queen friends. As the show gets bigger, the two convince the club owner, Stanley , to convert it into a full dinner theater, and eventually their popularity threatens to expose them. On the official opening night of the dinner theater, the mob killers catch up with them, but with the help of their drag queen friends, and to great applause from the audience , Connie and Carla take them down. They ultimately confess their real identities to the audience and are accepted for who they are. Connie reveals herself to Jeff, who arrives after the chaos. He accepts her and becomes her boyfriend.  The following is a list of musicals referenced or featured in the film : * Oklahoma! - Connie and Carla perform "Oklahoma!" as young girls in their school lunchroom and in the airport lounge and "I Cain\'t Say No" during their audition at The Handlebar. * Jesus Christ Superstar - Connie and Carla perform "Superstar" in the airport lounge and "Everything\'s Alright" during their first performance at The Handlebar. * Yentl - Connie and Carla perform "Papa, Can You Hear Me?" in the airport lounge. * Cats - Connie and Carla perform "Memory" in the airport lounge. * The Rocky Horror Show - Peaches \'n\' Creme perform "The Time Warp" at The Handlebar. * Cabaret - Connie and Carla perform "Maybe This Time" at their audition at The Handlebar. * Evita - Connie and Carla perform "Don\'t Cry for Me, Argentina" at their audition at The Handlebar. * Mame - Interludes during the picture with the character Tibor seeing several performances of Mame. * South Pacific - "I\'m Gonna Wash That Man Right Outa My Hair", is part of Connie and Carla\'s performance in What a Drag  at The Handlebar. They also sing "There Is Nothing Like a Dame" at the end of the film with the rest of the main cast. * Funny Girl - Connie and Carla sing "Don\'t Rain on My Parade", part of their performance in What a Drag  at The Handlebar. * Thoroughly Modern Millie, The Producers, Say Goodnight, Gracie, Never Gonna Dance, Gypsy, Chicago, Mamma Mia!, Long Days Journey into Night, Master Harold...and the Boys, Avenue Q, Man of La Mancha, and Hairspray - Billboards for these shows are shown. * Gypsy, Rent, and Hairspray - At this point in the film, these are mentioned by Tibor, Hairspray, of which, he got a matinée ticket, though no songs from the shows are sung. The theater productions of Rent, Hairspray, and Mamma Mia! became semi-successful movie musicals shortly after this film. * Gypsy - "Let Me Entertain You" is performed by Connie, Carla, and the Belles of the Balls. * Hair - Connie says the guys should enter from the back of the house on "Good Morning, Starshine". * The Music Man - Debbie Reynolds says they should enter from the back of the house on "Seventy-Six Trombones". * Grease - Debbie Reynolds, Connie, Carla, and the Belles of the Balls sing "There Are Worse Things I Could Do". * A Chorus Line - Connie and Carla sing "What I Did for Love". * Guys and Dolls - Connie mentions "the Guys and Dolls tribute."'] ['The film explores the near true-life story of a young Chinese man , who seeks a long-term relationship with a straight friend. The friend is aware of his inclination, and is happy to befriend him, but is very reluctant to express open affection for him or to become emotionally involved.'] ['“I feel I go through life like an American tourist, doing as many towns as possible”, explains Jean, a camera man and aspiring film director. Handsome, but self-centered, childish and hedonistic, he has a complicated sex life. He is bisexual and HIV positive. During a casting session he meets Laura, a lively eighteen-year-old. Captivated by her charm, Jean soon is pursuing her and she quickly falls in love with him. They start a passionate affair. At the same time, the restless Jean pursues a relationship with Samy, a young rugby player. Samy, who has emigrated with his mother and brother from Spain, is unemployed and equally troubled. He is straight and although living with his girlfriend, Marianne, he has no qualms about his homoerotic relationship with Jean, who has a big crush on him. Jean and Laura\'s relationship is complicated by him having HIV which initially he hides from her. Only after they have had sex does he tell her. At first, Laura is furious and her mother is equally livid. However, Laura is by then deeply in love with Jean. She not only continues the relationship but refuses to use condoms as Jean wanted. Jean is also deeply troubled in accepting his disease. “Drop your illusions. Learn from your disease” suggests his friend Noria. Peaceful acceptance does not come easy for him, his life ricochets from one coupling to the next, trying to make sense of his situation. He is a damned rebel, which he defines as, " Someone marked by fate and with real dignity inside". Laura has emotional problems too, at one point she erupts at the owner of the dress shop, where she works and loses her job. Her feelings reach a boiling point in dealing with Jean’s bisexuality that includes not only Jean’s relationship with Samy but anonymous sex with multiple partners in dark cruising spots. In these sex encounters, Jean releases his self-destructive drive and finds refuge from the frustrations brought by his illness and his affairs with Laura and Samy. As Samy acquires a taste for sadomasochism and violence, he turns to Jean. He moves in with him, leaving Marianne, who angrily berates Jean. After a fight with racist skinheads, Samy finally consummates his relationship with Jean and tells him that he loves him. Laura turns increasingly angry and desperate, disappointed in her relationship with Jean. "Help me to leave you!" is her pathetic cry. Jean is emotionally closed. After a night out of drinking and partying Jean yells "I want to live" to his friends but mostly he seems in denial that he is dying. The next morning Laura finds him in bed not only with Samy but with his ex-girlfriend. Laura throws a big tantrum, from then she leaves endless, long messages on Jean’s answering machine. In some she begs for love, in others she threatens to ruin his life. Reaching breaking point, Laura threats Jean with committing suicide and tells him that he has infected her with HIV. Only then, Jean intervenes and with Laura’s mother they find psychological help for her. Jean repeatedly fails to find meaning in his life. A conversation with his mother is only painful. Returning home, he is involved in car accident. He is as reckless in his sex life as with HIV medication, which he avoids when it interferes with his drinking and partying. After sometime, Jean looks again for Laura. He finally wants to tell her that he loves her but she has overcome her turbulent relationship with him. Making peace with herself, Laura has a new boyfriend. Jean and Laura have a short conversation, they kiss tenderly and part ways. Jean finally finds peace with his HIV status and with his life.'] ["Nico and Dani are two 17-year-old friends spending the summer together at Dani's parent's beach house, while his parents are away traveling. They aim to meet girls and lose their virginity, and in the meantime they practice mutual masturbation and other sexual practices. They meet a pair of cousins, Berta and Elena. Nico is much more interested in Elena than Dani is in Berta. Nico has sex with Elena, making Dani jealous of her. Dani realizes he is in love with Nico and tells him this, causing an argument between them. Dani then goes out to get drunk and meets a gay writer friend of his father. After having dinner and sailing with him, Dani proposes that the two have sex, but runs away and returns home to Nico. The friends reconcile by the end of the summer."] ['A group of parents of fourth-grade students addresses how the school should deal with sex education. But sexuality is still an unresolved issue for many of the parents themselves. Sexo con Amor is the story of how three of these couples are ambushed by their own erotic passions. They each profess undying love to their partners while hopping enthusiastically on a merry-go-round of physical relations with one another, leading to sometimes tragic and sometimes hilarious effects.'] ['Udd and Yai are a gay couple who love cowboy movies and move from the city to a rural area to have a more intimate, rustic setting for their relationship. They buy an abandoned filling station and look to settle down. Udd then finds that Yai is having an affair with Tangmo, a local woman who has a lesbian lover, Jenny. Neither Yai nor Tangmo are aware of either of their sexual histories, but Udd discovers the affair and plans to have anal sex with his grandfather out of revenge. However, none of them know that he is a zombie, and lives with some scary spirits.'] ['The film was released in 2001 and is set in 1996, when the real team competed and won the national championships in Thailand. The two main characters, Mon and Jung, play two gay transvestites, who had been constantly overlooked by volleyball coaches because of their appearance. However, when a local team changes coaches, the new coach holds tryouts for a new team. When Mon and Jung are selected, most of the old players resign, leaving the new coach, Coach Bee, in a sticky predicament. Mon and Jung are then forced to enlist the help of other gay and transsexual friends who they used to play volleyball with in university. These new players include Wit, who hasn\'t told his fiancée he is gay, Pia, a transsexual dancer and Nong, a gay army conscript. When the competition begins, all but one player in the team are gay or transsexual. Because of their appearance on court, many of the match officials intend to ban the team, soon dubbed "The Iron Ladies", from the tournament. However, seeing how much the team is liked by the crowd soon changes many of their opinions. At the end credits of the film, the real "Iron Ladies" are shown as they were at the time of making the film.'] ["Fernando  meets Alexis , a handsome gay youth, at a party of one of his old friends and immediately falls for him. The two begin a relationship which, apart from the sex, consists mainly in Fernando telling Alexis how pastoral the city was when he left, while Alexis explains to Fernando the ins and outs of everyday robbery, violence, and shootings. Even though Fernando has come home to die, his sarcastic worldview is mellowed somewhat by his relationship with Alexis. He soon discovers that Alexis is a gang member and hitman  himself, and that members of other gangs are after him. After several assassination attempts fail because of Alexis' skillful handling of his Beretta, he is finally killed by two boys on a motorcycle. Fernando is partly responsible for this, as Alexis' weapon has been lost before the murder due to Fernando's suicidal impulses. Fernando visits Alexis' mother and gives her some money, and then walks through the streets aimlessly when he encounters Wilmar , who bears a striking resemblance to Alexis, not only in his looks but in his entire manner. He invites Wilmar for lunch and the two begin an affair, rekindling the kind of relationship he had with Alexis. Wilmar is also a killer, but it is a shocking revelation to Fernando when he finds out that Wilmar is the one who shot Alexis. He vows to kill Wilmar, but then learns it was Alexis who started the violence by killing Wilmar's brother, calling for vengeance on him by Wilmar. When Wilmar goes to say goodbye to his mother before he and Fernando leave the country together, he is killed as well. Seeing that the vicious cycle of atrocities in Medellín denies happiness, Fernando presumably commits suicide, if the last scene is taken to hint at that."] ["Melvin Udall is a misanthrope who works at home as a best-selling novelist in New York City. He suffers from obsessive-compulsive disorder which, paired with his misanthropy, alienates nearly everyone with whom he interacts. He eats breakfast at the same table in the same restaurant every day using disposable plastic utensils he brings with him due to his pathological mysophobia. He takes an interest in his waitress, Carol Connelly, the only server at the restaurant who can tolerate his behavior. One day, Melvin's neighbor, a gay artist named Simon Bishop, is assaulted and nearly killed. Melvin is forced to care for Simon's dog Verdell while Simon is hospitalized. Although he initially does not enjoy caring for the dog, Melvin becomes emotionally attached to it. He simultaneously receives more attention from Carol. When Bishop is released from the hospital, Melvin is unable to cope emotionally with returning the dog. Melvin's life is further altered when Carol decides to work closer to her home in Brooklyn so she can care for her acutely asthmatic son ([[Jesse James . Unable to adjust to another waitress, Melvin arranges to pay for her son's medical expenses if Carol agrees to continue working at her previous restaurant in Manhattan. Meanwhile, Simon's assault and rehabilitation, coupled with Verdell's preference for Melvin, causes Simon to lose his creative muse. Simon is approaching bankruptcy due to his medical bills. Simon's agent, Frank Sachs, convinces Simon to go to Baltimore and ask his estranged parents for money. Frank offers Melvin use of his car for the trip. Melvin invites Carol to accompany them on the trip to lessen the awkwardness. She reluctantly accepts the invitation, and relationships among the three develop. Once in Baltimore, Carol persuades Melvin to take her out to have dinner. Melvin's comments during the dinner greatly upset Carol, and she abruptly leaves. Upon seeing the frustrated Carol, Simon begins to sketch her and rekindles his creativity, once more feeling a desire to paint. He briefly reconnects with his parents, but is able to tell them that he'll be fine. After returning to New York City, Carol tells Melvin that she does not want him in her life anymore. She later regrets her statement and calls him to apologize. The relationship between Melvin and Carol remains complicated until Simon, whom Melvin has allowed to move in with him until he can get a new apartment, convinces Melvin to declare his love for her at her apartment in Brooklyn, where the two realize the depth of their personal connection. The film ends with Melvin and Carol walking together to buy fresh rolls at the corner bakery."] ["Men and Women follows the travels of a young homosexual man, Xiao Bo, who goes to Beijing in search of a job. There he is taken in by Qing Jie, who not only gives him a home in her apartment, but also a job in her clothing store. While she tries to set Xiao Bo with her friend A Meng, Xiao Bo resists and eventually moves out when he is assaulted by Qing Jie's husband. He moves in with his friend, Chong Chong, with whom a romantic relationship is kindled. Qing Jie, meanwhile, discovers that she may have feelings for A Meng, and decides to leave her husband."] ["Magda  is the manager of a posh resort hotel in Madrid which will be the site of a mass same-sex marriage ceremony. One of the grooms is Magda's son Miguel , who will marry his boyfriend , son of Ofelia . Nuria , a sex addict, is also on her way to attend the ceremony. Her son Narciso  will be marrying his boyfriend Hugo , whose own parents, Helena  and Hector , are less enthusiastic. Meanwhile, actress Reyes  will be attending to watch her son Rafa ([[Raul Jiminez  marry his boyfriend Jonas , the son of her gardener Jacinto ."] ['The film is set in a British independent school for boys in the late 1960s . Mick Travis  is one of three non-conformist boys among the returning class. They are watched and persecuted by the "Whips", senior boys given authority as prefects over juniors. The prefects are entitled to the services of "Scum", who are first-year boys assigned to run errands, make tea and generally act as unpaid servants. This refers to the old tradition of "fagging" which still persisted in many British independent boys\' schools. The early part of the film shows scenes in the school as the pupils return at the start of a new term. Mick Travis, the protagonist, arrives with a suitcase on his shoulder, wearing a black hat, with a black scarf across his face to hide his moustache. Stephans comments, "God, it\'s Guy Fawkes back again", hinting at the conclusion of the film. Rowntree  is the Head Whip, and he revels in his power, ordering the junior boys to "Run! Run in the corridor!" After the first evening meal, the Whips conduct some of the more mundane business of the school, signing up boys for "Confirmation class" and "VD clinic". Each boy has to lower his pants so the school nurse can inspect his genitals. These early scenes show the school\'s customs and traditions. The Headmaster  is somewhat remote from the boys and the House Masters. Arthur Lowe, as Mick\'s House Master Mr. Kemp, is told "I\'ll have to get back to you on that" when he brings things to the Headmaster\'s attention. Kemp himself is easily manipulated by the Whips into giving them a free hand in enforcing discipline. Some of the staff are shown as suffering from various perversions. For example, the chaplain , who is also the geometry master, enjoys grasping the boys\' and hurting them during class. At bedtime, Mr. Kemp sings a hymn as his wife  accompanies him on the recorder; the matron , overhearing, is driven to near orgasm. Mrs. Kemp herself enjoys walking naked through the boys\' dormitory and washroom while fondling soap, towels and other objects the boys have carelessly strewn about. One day, having sneaked off campus and into town , Mick steals a motorbike from a showroom and has an affair with a local waitress. Meanwhile, Wallace finds adolescent romance with Bobby Philips, a junior boy, whom he takes to bed. They indulge in self-inflicted ordeals, such as seeing how long they can hold a plastic bag over their faces. As the film progresses it concentrates on Mick\'s group and their clashes with the school authorities. Mick and his friends are subject to punishments, and eventually they are sentenced to corporal punishment in the form of a severe "beating"  by the Whips. The caning is administered by Rowntree in the gym with a long run-up . The three boys are left with bleeding buttocks. Mick\'s punishment is especially brutal , yet tradition demands that he shake hands when it is over and say, "Thank you". Scenes are shot through with surreal elements, such as some scenes being shot in black and white. This was not for dramatic emphasis, as people presumed, but simply because the huge windows at the college gave off obstructing light that affected the camera lenses. Another explanation given later by Lindsay Anderson is simply that the production was running out of money. At the end, in a surreal sequence, they discover a cache of automatic weapons, and revolt against the establishment. On Founders\' Day, when parents are visiting the school, they start a fire under the hall, smoke out the parents, staff and boys, and open fire on them from a rooftop. Led by the visiting General who was giving the speech, the staff and boys break open the Combined Cadet Force armoury and fire back. The Headmaster tries to stop the firefight and calls for peace. Mick\'s girl, who is on the roof with them, produces a Webley Revolver from her belt and shoots the Headmaster through the forehead. The battle continues, and the camera closes in on Mick\'s face as he keeps firing, ending the film with a blackout and an echo of gunfire with the film\'s title "if...." emblazoned in red on the screen.'] ["Shirley Templo  is a ruthless woman. Many people deal with her strong attitude only for fear of her cold stare, or her outlash. She works as a librarian in a school, and lives in a compound that is owned by her ex-husband, Benito Salvacion. Many of the Salvacion family members that live near the compound, even including her eldest daughter, Dang, plead with her to sell it so they can make a profit, and she can move to a more suitable living area. Hard-headed as she is, Shirley refuses and feels betrayed by her two daughters, Dang and Cherry, for even siding with their father who left them nearly fifteen years ago. Even more upset, she finds out that Dang will want to move out of the Philippines to Australia. Leaving her alone in the Philippines since all her children moved out, Shirley decides to move to New York City with her youngest and only son, Mark Salvacion . Mark is unaware, however, that this supposed vacation of his mother is actually a permanent visit. Upon her arrival to the States, Shirley is picked up at the airport by Noel Villanueva . Thinking he was only hired help, she rudely offers him payment for his services, but he declines. As she walks around the apartment, she notices pictures of Mark and Noel being affectionate toward each other. She then realizes that Noel is, in fact, Mark's new boyfriend. Although she was aware of Mark's homosexuality since his high school years, she gives Noel plenty of trouble and hard times. The story reflects how Shirley changes her attitudes and views from two men that become a big part of her life, and how she accepts the reality that has been presented to her. Unfortunately, unforeseen tragedies occur, and a rift between Shirley and Noel arise. But as she understands Mark's reasons for having her be around Noel all this time, she resolves her issues with him and soon embraces him as a member of her family."] ["Francis and Marie first meet Nicolas at a dinner party, where they both feign disinterest in him. Over the course of the next couple of the weeks, the three form a close friendship, meeting up regularly and even sleeping together in the same bed. However, it is clear that both Marie and Francis have an interest in Nicolas beyond friendship; Marie is visibly disappointed when she hopes to enjoy an intimate meal with Nicolas at a Vietnamese restaurant, only to see Francis and his friends there, and Francis is consumed by lust for Nicolas to the extent that he vigorously masturbates over the smell of Nicolas' clothes when left alone in his apartment. Both are led on by their interpretation of Nicolas' actions, such as eating a cherry from Francis' hand and telling Marie he loves them. Their feelings lead to competition between the two friends for Nicolas' affections, evidenced by their rivalry over the gifts they buy for his birthday. The relationship culminates in a trip to stay in the vacation home of Nicolas' mother. Marie becomes jealous when Nicolas feeds Francis a marshmallow, telling him to eat it slowly like a 'striptease', and she goes to bed early. The next morning, she wakes up alone and again observes the two frolicking together from afar. She decides to leave, at which point Francis chases after her and the two end up wrestling on the ground. Nicolas is not impressed and decides to leave, saying they can love him or leave him. On returning from the trip, they don't see Nicolas, both leaving messages on his answerphone and Marie writing him a love letter. Eventually, Francis meets Nicolas and ends up pouring out his feelings, telling him he loves him and wants to kiss him. The only response from Nicolas is to ask him 'How could you think I was gay?', leaving Francis devastated. Later, Marie catches up with Nicolas in the street, and tells him about the love letter, but implies she wrote it to a female friend. From this, Nicolas comes to the conclusion that Marie has a female lover, which she denies. As Nicolas goes to leave, claiming to have left something on the stove, she tells him the truth about the letter but this makes no difference. The film continues with Francis and Marie re-establishing their friendship and Nicolas moving away to Asia. In the final scene, they are again at a party, looking for potential lovers."] ["The film's protagonist is Harold Shand , an old-fashioned 1960s-style London gangster who in the late 1970s is aspiring to become a legitimate businessman, albeit with the financial support of the American Mafia, with a plan to redevelop the then-disused London Docklands as a venue for a future Olympic Games. The storyline weaves together events and concerns of the late 1970s, including low-level political and police corruption, Provisional Irish Republican Army  gun-running, the displacement of traditional British industry by property development, Britain's membership of the EEC  and the free market economy – the latter was strongly in the ascendant at the time the film was made, in the first year of the Thatcher government. Harold is the undisputed ruling kingpin of the London underworld, when his world is suddenly torn apart by a series of murders and exploding bombs from an unseen foe. Uncovering his enemy's identity forms much of the film's subsequent plotline. His ruthless and violent pursuit of leads only points out the small-time tawdriness of the organisation he hopes to legitimise. The story seems to hinge upon an act of betrayal by one of Harold's closest aides, the implications of which only become clear near the film's climax, when the solution to the mystery is suggested though not spelled out. He acts on the information with the same brutality that took him to the pinnacle of the London underworld in the first place, but his enemies this time follow motivations different from those of his local rivals. The American Mafia representatives, led by actor Eddie Constantine, decide to leave England because of all the killings but Harold is determined to stay and go into business with a German consortium, saying that he will become a legitimate businessman. When he leaves their hotel, he gets into his car, which he thinks is being driven by his chauffeur but in fact has been taken over by two IRA men. The car then sharply pulls out from the hotel zone. Harold realises that his girlfriend, Victoria, is not in the car and sees her in the back of another car being driven away by armed men. Harold finds himself at gunpoint from the front seat passenger . As the car speeds away Harold is silent, but in his face we see a full range of emotions; at first astonishment which gives way to anger and then a slow realization that he is powerless and finally resignation to the fact that he is moments from death."] ["Julián Torralba is a former film stuntman in Almeria, Spain. He and several of his colleagues, who once made a living in American Westerns shot in Spain, now are reduced to doing stunt shows for minuscule audiences on the decaying set built for those old Westerns. Julián wrestles with dark memories of the death of his son, also a stuntman, and with estrangement from his daughter-in-law Laura and her son Carlos. Carlos, a young boy, becomes intrigued with his late father's life and runs away to join Julián and his band of has-beens. There Carlos is initiated into the rambunctious life of these hard-drinking faux cowboys. But when Laura, a powerful executive looking for a new site for a tourist resort, learns that Carlos has joined the hated Julián, she moves to destroy even this remnant of Julián's once-proud career. Julián and the cowboys decide to fight back the only way they know how."] ["Told in a segmented fashion, the film opens as Caravaggio  dies from lead poisoning while in exile, with only his long-time deaf-dumb companion Jerusaleme ([[Spencer Leigh   by his side. Caravaggio thinks back to his life as a teenage street ruffian  who hustles and paints. While taken ill and in the care of priests, young Caravaggio catches the eye of Cardinal Del Monte . Del Monte nurtures Caravaggio's artistic and intellectual development but also appears to molest him. As an adult, Caravaggio still lives under the roof and paints with the funding of Del Monte. Caravaggio is shown employing street people, drunks and prostitutes as models for his intense, usually religious paintings . He is depicted as frequently brawling, gambling, getting drunk and is implied to sleep with both male and female models, including the male Jerusaleme and the female contortionist Pipo . In the art world, Caravaggio is regarded as vulgar and entitled due to his Vatican connections. One day, Ranuccio , a street fighter for pay, catches Caravaggio's eye as a subject and potential lover. Ranuccio also introduces Caravaggio to his girlfriend Lena , who also becomes an object of attraction and a model to the artist. When both Ranuccio and Lena are separately caught kissing Caravaggio, each displays jealousy over the artist's attentions. One day, Lena announces she is pregnant  and will become a mistress to the wealthy Scipione Borghese . Soon, she is found murdered by drowning. As the weeping Ranuccio looks on, Caravaggio and Jerusaleme clean Lena's body. Caravaggio is shown painting Lena after she dies and mournfully writhing with her nude body. Ranuccio is arrested for Lena's murder, although he claims to be innocent. Caravaggio pulls strings and goes to the Pope himself to free Ranuccio. When Ranuccio is freed, he tells Caravaggio he killed Lena so they could be together. In response, Caravaggio cuts Ranuccio's throat, killing him. Back on his deathbed, Caravaggio is shown having visions of himself as a boy and trying to refuse the last rites offered him by the priests. In keeping with Caravaggio's use of contemporary dress for his Biblical figures, Jarman intentionally includes several anachronisms in the film that don't fit with Caravaggio's life in the 16th century. In one scene, Caravaggio is in a bar lit with electric lights. Another character is seen using an electronic calculator. Car horns are heard honking outside of Caravaggio's studio and in one scene Caravaggio is seen leaning on a green truck. Cigarette smoking and the use of a manual typewriter also feature in the film."] ["Laurent  and Loli  are a thirty-ish married couple living in southern France with their young children. He is an estate agent; she is a housewife. Laurent has extramarital affairs. Loli is unaware that her husband is unfaithful. Then one day, a campervan breaks down in front of their house. The driver is Marijo , a 40s-ish butch lesbian who works as a DJ. She asks to use their phone. Loli has a blocked sink, so in exchange for using the phone, Marijo gets Loli's drain back in working order. Loli and Marijo begin an affair. Laurent is upset, but then his friend Antoine  accidentally reveals Laurent's philandering to Loli. This seems to justify her romance. Marijo moves into the house. Antoine then suggests that Laurent let Loli have her way, cease all hostility, and wait for the affair to burn out. Laurent agrees, and the household becomes a seemingly idyllic ménage à trois. But his strategy has its effect, especially after another lesbian couple, old friends of Marijo, happen by. Laurent welcomes them, but Loli becomes annoyed and jealous. Marijo decides that the situation is not really going to work. She knows that Laurent wants her to leave. While Loli is away on a trip, Marijo makes a deal with Laurent. She will break up with Loli and leave immediately, if Laurent will give her something she has wanted for years: a baby. Laurent has sex with Marijo to get her pregnant, and Marijo departs before Loli returns. Laurent tells Loli nothing, as agreed with Marijo. Laurent and Loli settle back down to their old life, but their relationship has been deeply affected. Then Loli hears from a mutual acquaintance that Marijo is living in Paris and is several months pregnant. Loli is astonished and shocked. She insists that she and Laurent go to Paris and contact Marijo. They find her working as a DJ in a lesbian dance club. Their intrusion provokes a quarrel with the club owner, who fires Marijo. Loli and Laurent take her back to their home, where she has her baby. The ménage à trois is re-established, with the two mothers caring for their children. As a final twist, a handsome man  moves into the neighbourhood and he and Laurent gaze into each other's eyes..."] ['The film is set in an Upper East Side apartment in New York City in the late 1960s. Michael , a Roman Catholic and recovering alcoholic, is preparing to host a birthday party for his friend Harold. Another of his friends, Donald , a self-described underachiever who has moved from the city, arrives and helps Michael prepare. Alan ([[Peter White , Michael\'s  old college roommate from Georgetown, calls with an urgent need to see Michael. Michael reluctantly agrees and invites him to his home. One by one, the guests arrive. Emory  is a stereotypical flamboyant interior decorator; Hank , a soon-to-be-divorced schoolteacher, and Larry , a fashion photographer, are a couple, albeit one with monogamy issues; and Bernard  is an amiable black bookstore clerk. Alan calls again to inform Michael he isn\'t coming after all, and the party continues in a festive manner. However, Alan does appear unexpectedly and throws the gathering into turmoil. "Cowboy"  – a male hustler and Emory\'s "gift" to Harold – arrives. As tensions mount, Alan assaults Emory and in the ensuing chaos Harold finally makes his grand appearance. Michael begins drinking again. As the guests become more and more intoxicated, the party moves indoors from the patio due to a sudden downpour. Michael, who believes Alan is a closeted homosexual, begins a game in which the objective is for each guest to call the one person whom he truly believes he has loved. With each call, past scars and present anxieties are revealed. Michael\'s plan to "out" Alan with the game appears to backfire when Alan calls his wife, not the male college friend Justin Stewart whom Michael had presumed to be Alan\'s lover. As the party ends and the guests depart, Michael collapses into Donald\'s arms, sobbing. When he pulls himself together, it appears his life will remain very much the same.'] ['Charles Todd "Chuck" Levine and Lawrence Arthur "Larry" Valentine (Adam Sandler and [[Kevin James  are two veteran FDNY fire fighters. Chuck is a bachelor and womanizer and Larry is a widower who tries to raise his two children. During a routine sweep of a burned building, a segment of floor collapses and Chuck almost dies. Larry eventually rescues Chuck by shielding him from the falling debris. As he and Larry are awaken at a hospital later, Chuck vows to repay his debt in any way possible. The incident prompts Larry to realize the fact that death can come for him at any moment, but he has difficulties naming his children as primary beneficiaries in his life insurance policy. One of the ways suggested for him to do so is to get married. Inspired by a newspaper article about domestic partnerships, Larry asks Chuck to enter a civil union with him. Although at first Chuck declines, he is reminded of his debt to Larry and finally agrees. Chuck and Larry become domestic partners and Chuck becomes Larry\'s primary beneficiary in the event of his death. Soon, New York City investigators arrive to inquire about their partnership, suspecting fraud. Chuck and Larry decide to enlist the help of a lawyer, Alex McDonough , who suggests that they get married. Chuck and Larry then marry in Canada and move in together. At a gay benefit costume party, the partygoers are confronted by homophobic protestors, whose leader, a minister , calls Chuck a "faggot". Chuck punches him, causing the event to be published in a newspaper. With their apparent homosexuality and marriage revealed, the pair come under fire: Chuck and Larry are heckled, while their fellow FDNY firefighters refuse to work or even play basketball alongside the couple. Their only ally is Fred G. Duncan , an angry, intimidating firefighter who comes out to a very surprised Chuck. Larry\'s effeminate son Eric  is harassed in school by a homophobic bully - but he surprises everybody by easily winning the fight. During the ordeal, the previously homophobic pair come to understand what it is like to be persecuted, and become more accepting of homosexuality. Chuck becomes romantically interested in Alex after the two spend time together, but finds himself unable to get close to her because she thinks he is gay. Meanwhile, city agent Clinton Fitzer  arrives to investigate the couple. The strain on both Larry and Chuck leads to a verbal fight and also working different shifts, although there was a petition to have Chuck and Larry thrown out of the firehouse. This prompts Larry to confront the crew about their personal embarrassments on the job that Chuck and Larry helped them overcome. After this a call goes out and before they go on the call Larry even goes as far as to say: "Oh! A fire. I hope its not a big one because the faggot who\'s been saving your sorry asses thanks to you is on another shift". After Larry\'s shift is over, Chuck and Larry reconcile their differences. The marriage soon comes under fire, as numerous women provide testimonies as to having slept with Chuck in the recent past, and the couple is called into court to defend their marriage on charges of fraud. They are defended by Alex, and their fellow firefighters arrive in support, after they realize all Chuck and Larry done for them over the years, and how they were treating Chuck and Larry. Fitzer interrogates both men, who testify that they genuinely love each other . As his final demand, Fitzer asks for the pair to kiss to prove that their relationship is physical, but before they do so, they are interrupted by Captain Phineas J. Tucker , who finally reveals that their marriage is a sham and that they are both straight. Tucker attempts to save Chuck and Larry by claiming that he would have to be arrested as well, since he knew about the fakery, but failed to report it. This prompts the other firefighters to each claim a role in the wedding in a show of solidarity. Unfortunately, with these revelations, Chuck, Larry, and other firefighters are sent to jail, but they are quickly released after negotiating a deal to provide photos for an AIDS research benefit calendar. The deal including pleading guilty to fraud, which would reduce the charges to a misdemeanor. Two months later, Duncan and Alex\'s brother, Kevin  are married in Canada at the same chapel as Chuck and Larry were. At the wedding party, Larry finally moves on after the death of his wife and talks to a new woman, while Alex tentatively agrees to a dance with Chuck. The film ends when Lance Bass sings, and little Eric tap-dances.'] ['Casey  and Zack  are living together and seem to have lost their relationship\'s "spark". Things get crazy when they both apply to "Dick Dickey\'s Drama Camp" with a raunchy horror short film and are accepted. When the boys get there, trouble hits their fragile relationship as Zack meets a gorgeous new "straight" boy Benji . Soon, Benji and Zack are paired up to perform an ultra-sexy version of The Taming of the Shrew together before Casey\'s very eyes.'] ["In the small Australian town of Yackandandah, Vince owns the local movie theatre and several other businesses, and is having trouble paying his taxes because his ex-wife got everything. The news of a new tax benefit for homosexual couples gives Vince an idea: he and best friend Ralph, a mechanic, can claim to be a couple and receive the benefits. Two complications develop: because of a careless mail delivery person, the postmaster sees their application for benefits and tells one person, and soon the whole town knows. Also, the national government is sending an investigator to make sure the men's relationship is legitimate. Vince and Ralph take lessons in passing as gay from hairdresser Eric. They also visit Sydney and spend time at a gay club. Russell, the investigator, shows up early, and so does Ralph's daughter Carla, who wants to introduce Peta, her girlfriend. It turns out that while Ralph is not homosexual, Carla is. Ralph and Vince redecorate Ralph's house and complete their interview, and they attend the local Fireman's Ball. Since Russell is there, Ralph and Vince have to continue their charade. Also, their friends from Sydney's gay club show up. Ralph makes a big speech about how his relationship with Vince is no one's business, and that their friends from out of town are normal people despite how they look. Carla is shocked by what her father has done, though Peta is pleased to learn about Ralph. Russell tells the men he was not convinced in the interview, but he believes they are good people with a special relationship and should not be treated like criminals."] ["Annecy is no tourist destination for three working-class brothers and their father, in the months after their mother has died. Marc  is deeply troubled: he tries to stiff drug dealers and then plots revenge. Christophe  is released from jail, lands a job, and must overcome various temptations in order to keep it. Olivier , nearing 18, may be falling in love with Hicham , a young man who constantly practices capoeira on the shores of the lake. Both violence and fraternity are close to the surface of most interactions. How each brother emerges from his challenge comprises the film's drama. The film discusses about how these men can form a family."] ["It's the maiden voyage of R Family Vacations, the travel company founded by Rosie and Kelli O'Donnell which specializes in gay family vacations. The cruise starts in New York, New York on July 11, 2004, and sailed along the American east coast, stopping in Key West, Florida and then Nassau, Bahamas. Five hundred families attended the cruise, including LGBT parents as well as non-LGBT people. In the film, Rosie and Kelli's family, along with several other families on the cruise are interviewed, including former Hawaiian NFL star Esera Tuaolo along with his partner and their children. Comedian Judy Gold also makes appearances. When the ship stops in the Bahamas, the cruise members are met with protests from some local Christians, though interviews show that there were many locals who didn't have a problem with LGBT people and did not agree with the action of the protesters. Despite this, the trip continued as normal to the end."] ['The story begins during a thunderstorm. The house, which is shown in the opening shot, named Prairie Blossom, is very clearly fake which lends itself to comedic value. A caller, Willene Cassidy, pays a visit to the house owner, Mrs. Gert Hammond, who is very drunk. She insists that she make herself presentable before she answers the door. This takes a very long time and she makes a bad job of putting on her makeup. In an effort to get the alcohol out of her system she makes herself vomit by putting her fingers down her throat. Finally, having retrieved her wig from the toilet, where it fell during her vomiting, she is ready to greet her visitor. Willene is shocked at the dishevelled appearance of Mrs. Hammond and insist on giving her a bath. Willene explains that her husband is a very famous country music star, Simon Cassidy, whose music is heard on the radio during the later scene and is terrible. During the course of the bath, Willene unintentionally masturbates Mrs. Hammond. It is also revealed that Mr. Hammond died and that their son "no longer exists". As the night goes on, more and more visitors appear to shelter from the storm. Among them is Chandler, widower of the incredibly wealthy Sarah Lou Phillips. The House of Phillips owns the largest girdle factory in the United States. Their popularity is such that few American women are without one. Chandler relates the story of his wife\'s death. She burned to death at a cocktail party, where there was a freak accident and her girdle caught fire. This caused burning rubber to envelop her head, and finally she fell dead into the swimming pool, her head steaming. This causes Chandler to have a bizarre sexual dysfunction. Although initially attracted to women, they would invariably prove to be owners of House of Phillips girdles. When they took off their clothes before sex, he would be reminded of the death of his wife and would not be able to maintain an erection. For this reason he had been having sex with other men, as they don\'t wear girdles that would remind him of the horrific immolation of Sarah Lou Phillips. Rather strangely, during the telling of this story, Chandler is being fellated by Sash and has no apparent erectile problems. Chandler and Sash, while in the basement, discover that Mrs. Hammond had pickled the remains of her husband and kept them in a jar. She tells of the death of her husband, who had been working one day in the grain bin and got covered with grain dust. A swarm of locusts dived on him to eat the dust and in the process devoured much of Mr. Hammond\'s body. During the course of the night, many of the guests have sex with each other in various combinations. There are a great many sex toys at Prairie Blossom. Mrs. Hammond explains that her son collected them. They would be delivered in plain brown packages which she would take to him with his morning breakfast. This causes her to wistfully repeat that he "no longer exists". One of the guests, a man named Toydy, becomes obsessed with finding the key to a locked door in the house. One of the female guests, Roo, finds the key but will not give it to Toydy unless he agrees to ejaculate in her mouth. Despite not finding her attractive, Toydy agrees and manages to stay aroused by watching Bond and Willene have sex. The final human guest at Prairie Blossom, Bing, arrives in an agitated state. He had come from the circus in a vehicle containing a toothless lion, a near-blind elephant, and a female gorilla named Medusa. He explains to the group that Medusa is extremely dangerous and is likely to kill anyone she comes across. It is revealed that Bing himself is the cause of the apes murderous tendencies. His circus-mates, having got Bing drunk, convinced him to have sex with a prostitute. Despite her being hirsute, Bing is too drunk to say no. The next morning, he awakens to the pleasant feeling of being masturbated, though to his horror, the act is being carried out by Medusa, who now has a severe crush on him. She soon realises that her feelings are not being reciprocated and becomes enraged with him, and indeed all men. However, subsequent mistreatment by a female circus-worker causes these feelings to spread to women as well. The only way to calm Medusa is by giving her bananas. Toydy, having watched Bond and Willene have sex, decides to lie to Bond in order to have sex with him. Toydy says that he has a crate of bananas and will give them to Bond if he will have sex with him. Bond considers this carefully, not having had a homosexual encounter before, but agrees on the strength that he and Willene  can use the bananas to escape the murderous primate. On discovering the deception, Bond takes it in his stride and tells Willene he had to be broken in sometime. He jokes that if things don\'t work out between himself and her, he can always try for her husband. Meanwhile, Toydy having gained the key to the locked door earlier opens it with Roo to discover Prairie Blossom\'s terrible secret. By morning, the fate of Roo and Toydy is unknown to the others. Chandler and Sash leave together, as do Bond and Willene, though Bond tells her he likes to sleep around too much to really settle down. Bing has married Medusa, though for some reason, he wore the wedding dress. Mrs. Hammond, alone with the jar containing her husband, proposes a toast to love, and pours Mr. Hammond\'s drink into his jar.MITTERNACHTSKINO - Thundercrack!'] ['Welcome to a world where mermaids dance with octopi, fire breathers rule the night, and the Statue of Liberty knows how to sing. Girls are buried up to their necks in sand while boys do back flips and dazzle dancers perform in a puppet show without strings. A circus-themed burlesque music video for Joan As Police Woman, Eternal Flame is the ultimate fire hazard.{{cite web}}'] ["After ten years, Sheldon returns from New York City to Paris, Georgia. His mother is Evelyn, a laundress who is stubborn, ornery, opinionated, mean-spirited, insulting, and inflexible. Evelyn sends a ten-year-old boy claiming to be Sheldon's son to see Sheldon. Sheldon comes home to resolve the matter. Old arguments reignite between himself, his mother, his sister, and his brother. Sheldon disputes that the boy is his son. He does not want to be a part of fatherhood or family. Then, a white man from New York arrives at Evelyn's door, claiming to be Sheldon's partner"] ["16-year old Guillermo ([[Israel Rodríguez  does not exactly hide his sexual orientation, even though his parents disapprove of it. He also seduces his English language tutor who introduces him to the pleasures of anal sex, and moves on to frequently cruise the toilets of the local mall for gay sex, getting caught once by mall security guards. As a consequence of that incident, his parents learn of his activities, and take him to a mental health therapist, who pronounces Guillermo to be mentally healthy and in no need of conversion therapy but recommends further sessions for his parents to help them accept their son's sexual identity. This short film was shown on British television network Channel 4. It is included in the gay and lesbian short film collection, Boys Briefs 2."] ['Ray  is a former NHL ice hockey player who is convicted of drug charges. After he comes back to his Newfoundland home, his wife Lillian  leaves to seek fame in Hollywood with another man. Ray is left with his daughters Rose  and Ruby .<ref namehttp://www.chartattack.com/news/78441/elliott-brood-soundtracked-film-screening-at-sundance | title13 January 2010 | firstHarper | accessdate=23 January 2010 }}'] ['The protagonist, Gustav von Aschenbach, travels to Venice for health reasons. There, he becomes obsessed with the stunning beauty of an adolescent Polish boy named Tadzio who is staying with his family at the same Grand Hôtel des Bains on the Lido as Aschenbach. While the character Aschenbach in the novella is an author, Visconti changed his profession to that of a composer. "Playing the role" of Aschenbach\'s music in the film is the music of Gustav Mahler, in particular the moving Adagietto from his Fifth Symphony, which opens and closes the film, and sections from his Third Symphony. Apart from this change, the film is relatively faithful to the book, but with added scenes where Aschenbach and a musician friend debate the degraded aesthetics of his music; again, this has direct parallels in the life and works of Mahler, especially when Aschenbach is played an extract of his own work which, in reality, is Adagietto from the fourth movement from Mahler\'s Fifth Symphony. While Aschenbach attempts to find peace and quiet, the rest of the city is being gripped by a cholera epidemic, and the city authorities do not inform the holiday-makers of the problem for fear that they will all leave. As Aschenbach and the other guests make day-trips out into the city centre it eventually dawns on them that something is seriously wrong. Aschenbach decides to leave, but in a moment of impulse decides to stay. However, he himself is dying. Rejuvenated by the presence of Tadzio—though they never actually converse—he visits the barbers who, in his words, "returns to you merely what has been lost", dyeing his grey hair black and whitening his face and reddening his lips to try to make him look younger. As he leaves the barber\'s shop the barber exclaims: "And now Sir is ready to fall in love as soon as he pleases". Aschenbach still continues to gaze at Tadzio from afar, the latter more aware that he is being gazed at. In the climactic scene, Aschenbach sees Tadzio being beaten up on the beach by an older boy. When released, Tadzio walks away from him alone towards the horizon. He suddenly turns back to look at Aschenbach, then turning away to face the sun, and stretches his arm out towards it. Aschenbach too, stretches his hand as if to reach Tadzio, and at that very moment—heightened by the crescendo in Mahler\'s Adagietto—he dies from the cholera infection. A few people notice him collapsed on his chair and alert the hotel staff . They then carry Aschenbach\'s body away.'] ["Starting from childhood attempts at illustration, young Jerome  pursues his true obsession to art school. Jerome enrolls in Strathmore, an urban college. His roommates include aspiring film maker, Vince , and closeted-gay fashion major Matthew . Jerome looks for love amongst the coeds, but is turned off by them all, before falling in love with the art model, Audrey . In his art classes, he forms a friendship with perennial loser, Bardo , who guides him through the college scene and introduces him to a failed artist, Jimmy , a belligerent drunk. As Jerome learns how the art world really works, he finds that he must adapt his vision to the reality that confronts him. The community has been wracked by a serial killer, the Strathmore Strangler, who has confounded the police. As Jerome slowly loses his idealism at art school, he finds himself In competition with a strange newcomer, Jonah  , both for Audrey's affection and for artistic recognition. In a wild attempt to win a prestigious art competition, Jerome asks for, and gets, Jimmy's paintings, all of which are of the Strangler's victims. Jerome leaves a lit cigarette in Jimmy's apartment by accident, setting a fire and burning up the apartment and Jimmy. The police arrest Jerome as the Strangler ; Audrey realizes that her true love is Jerome and that she was stupid to be in love with Jonah ; and Jerome is sent to prison. Jerome's paintings, especially one of Audrey, become prized by collectors; Vince scores a huge hit with his documentary of the Strangler called My Roommate: The Murderer. In prison, Jerome continues to paint and sells his works at high prices, not caring that people think he is the killer, while all the while Audrey is still in love with him. At the end, Audrey and Jerome share a kiss through the protective glass."] ['John Henry "Jack" Armstrong  is a financially successful and upwardly mobile executive at a biotechnology firm who, following the suicide of a colleague, Dr. Herman Schiller, is falsely accused of securities fraud by his superior, Leland Powell . Armstrong\'s assets are frozen, and he finds himself unable to maintain his quality of life. In order to make ends meet, he becomes a sperm donor, initially by acquiescing to the desires of his former fiancée, Fatima Goodrich , who had come out as a lesbian, to have a child. Although there is still unresolved bitterness and tension between them over Armstrong and Goodrich\'s prior relationship, she and her girlfriend, Alex Guerrero , offer him a substantial sum of money to impregnate them both. This leads to Goodrich goading Armstrong into establishing a business in which groups of lesbians come over to his house and pay him $10,000 each to have sex with them in order to become pregnant. One of the women who Armstrong impregnates is the daughter of a mafia boss, Don Angelo Bonasera . Armstrong\'s employers learn of his impregnation business, and they use it in their campaign to sully his image in order to deflect attention from their own criminal business activities. Conflict is also depicted in the turbulent relationship between Armstrong\'s mother and his dependent diabetic father . At the film\'s climax, Armstrong\'s situation is portrayed as a cause célèbre, with protests being held in support of or against him, and the news media interviewing people on the street with respect to his sexual activities. Armstrong is called before a committee of the United States Senate investigating his alleged securities fraud, where both his services to lesbians and his relationship to the "Bonasera crime family" are raised. Armstrong\'s situation is compared, both by cutaway scenes and by direct reference in dialogue, to the plight of Frank Wills, the security guard who discovered the break-in that led to the Watergate scandal, which brought down President Nixon. He eventually wins the case and is seen with nineteen of the children he helped his lesbian acquaintances make at the end. By the end of the film, Armstrong and Goodrich have come to terms with their lingering feelings for one another, and with the mutual attraction they share for Guerrero. They then begin a three-way polyamorous relationship, and Armstrong apparently maintains a friendship with all of the eighteen women who became pregnant by him.'] ['In the early 2030s, the world is plagued by environmental blight. The United Kingdom is ruled by a totalitarian government under the fascist Norsefire party. The party sets up concentration camps where political prisoners, homosexuals, and other unwanted populace in general are exterminated by Britain\'s new fascist regime. Evey Hammond, a young woman who works at the state-run British Television Network, is rescued from an attempted rape perpetrated by members of the secret police known as the "Fingermen" by a Guy Fawkes-masked vigilante known as "V". He leads her to a rooftop to watch his destruction of the Old Bailey. Norsefire tries to explain away the incident as a controlled demolition, claiming the building was no longer structurally sound, but V takes over the state television broadcast the same day, exposing the lie. He urges the people of Britain to rise up against the oppressive government and meet him in one year, on November 5, outside the Houses of Parliament, which he promises to destroy. Evey helps V to escape, but is knocked out in the process. V brings Evey to his lair, where she is told that she must stay in hiding until the November 5 in the following year for her own safety. Upon learning that V is killing government officials, she escapes to the home of her boss, comedian and talk show host Gordon Deitrich . In return for Evey\'s trust in him with her very safety, Deitrich reveals to her an inner sanctum in his home housing a collection of materials outlawed by the government such as subversive paintings, the Quran, and to her surprise – homoerotic photos by Robert Mapplethorpe. Deitrich explains that even though she believed she was meeting him for a date that night V saved her from the fingermen, his intentions toward her was actually a cover under which he hides his actual sexuality. Rather than be his true self in the police state they live in, he has to keep up the expected image of someone who dates young girls such as herself lest he be imprisoned like all the other undesirables. One night, Gordon satirises the government on his television show. The secret police raid Deitrich\'s home, capturing him and Evey. She is incarcerated and tortured for days for information about V. She finds solace in notes written by another prisoner, an actress named Valerie Page , who was arrested for being a lesbian. Finally, Evey is told that she will be executed immediately unless she reveals V\'s location. An exhausted but defiant Evey says she would rather die, and is released. Evey discovers that she has been in V\'s lair all along, and that her imprisonment was staged to free her from her fears. She finds out Deitrich was executed for having a copy of the Quran. The notes were real, but they were passed by Valerie to V years earlier when he was similarly imprisoned. Although Evey initially hates V for what he did to her, she realizes she now feels stronger and free in spirit. She leaves him with a promise to return before November 5. Inspector Finch, Scotland Yard\'s chief of police, learns how Norsefire came to power and about V\'s origins in the course of his investigation. Fourteen years earlier, the United States had collapsed, due to being the victim of an unleashed bio-weapon, which was secretly and deliberately utilized by the people who would become the core of the group Norsefire. It is also mentioned later on that the United States is suffering another civil war between the Midwestern states. Britain suffered in the resulting chaos. Norsefire led a reactionary purge to restore order, during which "enemies of the state" — anyone who did not meet the Party\'s standards of "purity" — frequently disappeared. The country was divided over the loss of freedom until a coordinated bio-terrorist attack upon a school, a water treatment plant and a tube station resulted in at least 80,000 deaths. The fear generated by the attack allowed Norsefire to win the next election, thereafter silencing all opposition and turning the United Kingdom into a totalitarian state under High Chancellor Adam Sutler . A cure for the virus used in the bio-terrorist attack was later unveiled by a pharmaceutical company with ties to Norsefire. Finch comes to realize that Sutler and his now security chief, Peter Creedy , engineered the catastrophe to seize power. The virus was developed through deadly experimentation on "social deviants" and political dissidents at a detention centre in Larkhill where V had been detained with Valerie Page. Unlike the rest of the doomed prisoners, V gained heightened abilities and managed to escape when the centre was destroyed. Finch realizes that a string of murders involving high profile Norsefire party members are actually V taking revenge on those involved with Larkhill. As November 5 nears, V\'s various schemes cause chaos in the UK and the population starts questioning Norsefire\'s rule. V organizes the distribution of thousands of Guy Fawkes masks. On the eve of the 5th, Evey visits V, who shows her a train in the abandoned London Underground which he has filled with explosives to destroy Parliament. He leaves it up to Evey whether to use it, believing that he is unfit to decide. V then leaves to meet Creedy, who had made a deal with V to hand over Sutler in exchange for V\'s surrender. Although Creedy executes Sutler as V watches, V still refuses to surrender and is shot multiple times by Creedy\'s bodyguards. V survives due in part to his concealed armour breastplate, and kills Creedy and his men. Mortally wounded, V returns to Evey to thank her and admits he is in love with her. V dies in her arms afterwards. As Evey places the dead V in the train, she is found by Finch. Having learned much about the corruption of the Norsefire regime, Finch allows Evey to send the train on its way. Thousands of Londoners, all wearing the Guy Fawkes masks, and unarmed, march on Parliament to watch the event. Because Sutler and Creedy are dead and unable to give orders, the military stands down in the face of a civil rebellion. Accompanied by the "1812 Overture", Parliament and Big Ben are destroyed as Evey and Finch look on. Finch asks Evey for the identity of V, to which she replies, "He was all of us."'] ['In the early twentieth century, after the death of her mother, the young Manuela is admitted to a boarding school for girls where the headmistress imposes a rigid discipline. Manuela projects all her affection onto Miss Elisabeth von Bernburg, only supervisor to show her any kindness. At boarding school, at a party where alcohol flows a little freely, Manuela creates a scandal by loudly proclaiming her love for Miss von Bernburg. Her later suicide attempt prompts the headmistress to review her methods while Elisabeth von Bernburg resigns.'] ['The film takes place mainly over two days. Following a recent break-up, Juliet makes a to-do list, which includes - item 1 - to see Julie again after 15 years. Juliet tracks Julie down in the Eastern Townships of Québec. Day 1 sees the pair reconnect as they spend the day together. However, near the end of the night, Juliet kisses Julie. Surprised, despite a similar incident in their adolescence, Julie initially rejects Juliet. However, the next day when Juliet prepares to leave, Julie won’t let her go. Day 2 sees Julie work through her feelings for Juliet. Facing the prospect of losing Juliet again, Julie finally admits to having feelings for Juliet and eventually returns Juliet’s affections.'] ['Red Doors tells the story of the Wongs, a bizarrely dysfunctional Chinese-American family living in the New York suburbs. Ed Wong  has just retired and plots to escape his mundane life. However, the tumultuous, madcap lives of his three rebellious daughters change his plans. Samantha , the eldest daughter, is a tough New York businesswoman engaged to a prominent young man . Festering beneath her controlled surface, however, is a deep-rooted resentment for being pushed onto the straight and narrow path. As she nears her thirtieth birthday, Samantha begins to reevaluate her career and love life. When she runs into an old high school flame  during a visit to her hometown, Samantha is thrust into a soul-searching journey that compels her to reexamine how she has lived her life until now. Julie , the shy middle sister, is a fourth-year medical student whose only social outlet is her weekly ballroom dance class. Julie has always been the quiet center of the Wong family storm. However, Julie’s world is turned upside down when she meets Mia Scarlett , a lesbian movie star researching her next role at the hospital, who sets Julie’s heart aflame. While Julie grapples with the difficulties of dating a celebrity, she also tries to keep her own family from falling apart. Katie , the youngest sister, is a disaffected high school senior who engages in an elaborate prank war with Simon , her longtime neighbor and nemesis. While the pranks start out innocuously, the incidents rapidly escalate to dangerous proportions until the two finally discover their own peculiar brand of emotional connection. Before Ed disappears, he decides to re-visit his history through old VHS footage of the Wong family . The stark contrast between the happier past and the colder reality of the present compel Ed to leave home. Yet, while the Wongs may no longer be able to verbally express their feelings, Ed and the daughters learn to communicate again through the stories and images from the past. The plot follows the stories of each member of the family.'] ['Victorian adventurer and sexologist Sir Richard Francis Burton ([[John Robinson , following an "unfortunate encounter" with the Fountain of Youth in 1892, is 170 years old and living in Toronto, Canada. Burton, now living and working as the chief taxidermist at a Museum of Natural History, is searching for a centerpiece display for an exhibit in his Hall of Contagion. He comes up with the idea of featuring AIDS and the Patient Zero hypothesis. Accepting the popular belief that Zero introduced the virus to North America, Burton sets out to collect video footage from those who knew Zero to support the hypothesis. When Zero\'s doctor , mother  and former airline colleague Mary , who is now with ACT UP, all refuse to demonize Zero, Burton manipulates the footage to make it appear as if they do and includes doctored photographs of Zero showing signs of Kaposi\'s sarcoma. He presents this preliminary version to the press. The ghost of Zero  materializes at a local gay bathhouse. No one can see or hear him, until Zero runs into Burton while Burton is spying on Zero\'s friend George. Zero realizes that Burton can see him, although Zero does not show up on Burton\'s video camera. The two strike a deal; Zero agrees to help Burton with his Patient Zero exhibit if Burton finds a way to make Zero appear. The two return to the museum where Burton makes a ridiculous attempt to seduce Zero to ensure his participation. Rejecting his advances, Zero examines some of the other exhibits  before finding an African green monkey, another suspected early AIDS vector. The monkey  angrily denounces Zero for scapegoating her just as he has been scapegoated. Zero turns to Burton and they make love. Under pressure from his director and the exhibit\'s drug manufacturer sponsor, Burton steals Zero\'s medical records in hopes of discovering new information. Zero and Burton examine an old blood sample of Zero\'s under a microscope and discover Miss HIV , who points out that the original study that was used to label Patient Zero as the first person to bring HIV to North America did not prove any such thing, but instead helped prove that HIV was sexually transmitted, leading to the development of safer sex practices. Under this interpretation, Zero could be lauded as a hero for his candor in participating in that original study. As Burton ponders this, an unknown fluid squirts from the eye pieces of the microscope, drenching Zero and making him appear on video. He joyously declares his innocence on tape but the effect only lasts five minutes before he fades away again. Zero angrily accuses Burton of not caring for him at all and only wanting to use him for the exhibit, then storms out. Burton fails to complete the revised Patient Zero exhibit before its scheduled opening date. The museum curator substitutes the original presentation instead over Burton\'s protests, leading to a renewed rush of press scapegoating Zero. The night after the exhibit opens, Mary and other ACT UP members break into the Hall of Contagion and trash the exhibit. Zero returns and Burton explains that he tried to stop the exhibit. Zero forgives Burton but says he wants to disappear again completely. Zero merges with his disfigured video image and, smoking a cigarette inside the video, sets off the fire alarm. The sprinklers destroy the video player and Zero vanishes. A major subplot involves George , a French teacher and former intimate of Zero\'s. George is losing his sight to cytomegalovirus and is taking a drug that is manufactured by a company that, as a member of ACT UP, George is protesting. George struggles through the film to resolve his conflicted feelings over this, his guilt over abandoning Zero during the final days of his illness and his fear that the same thing will happen to him.'] ["The Times of Harvey Milk documents the political career of Harvey Milk, who was San Francisco's first openly gay supervisor. The film documents Milk's rise from a neighborhood activist to a symbol of gay political achievement, through to his assassination in November 1978 at San Francisco's city hall, and the Dan White trial and aftermath."] ["In the upper echelons of traditional Middle Eastern society, Palestinians Reema and Omar prepare for the marriage of their daughter Tala to Hani in Jordan. But back at work in London, Tala encounters Leyla, a young British Indian woman who is dating Tala's best friend Ali. Tala sees something unique in the artless, clumsy, sensitive Leyla who secretly works to become a writer. And Tala's forthright challenges to Leyla's beliefs begins a journey of self-awareness for Leyla. As the women fall in love, Tala's own sense of duty and cultural restraint cause her to pull away from Leyla and fly back to Jordan where the preparations for an ostentatious wedding are well under way. As family members descend and the wedding day approaches, the pressure mounts until Tala finally cracks and extricates herself. Back in London, Leyla is heartbroken but learns to break free of her own self-doubt and her mother's expectations, ditching Ali and being honest with her parents about her sexuality. When Ali and Leyla's feisty sister Yasim help throw Tala and Leyla together again, Tala finds that her own preconceptions of what love can be is the final hurdle she must jump to win Leyla back."] ['In a prologue set in 1976, American epidemiologist Don Francis arrives in a village on the banks of the Ebola River in Zaire and discovers many of the residents and the doctor working with them have died from a mysterious illness later identified as Ebola hemorrhagic fever. It is his first exposure to such an epidemic, and the images of the dead he helps cremate will haunt him when he later becomes involved with HIV and AIDS research at the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. In 1981, Francis becomes aware of a growing number of deaths from unexplained sources among gay men in Los Angeles, New York City and San Francisco, and is prompted to begin an in-depth investigation of the possible causes. Working with no money, limited space, and outdated equipment, he comes in contact with politicians, numerous members of the medical community , and gay activists. Of the latter, some such as Bill Kraus support him, while others express resentment at what they see as unwanted interference in their lifestyles, especially in his attempts to close the local bathhouses. While Francis pursues his theory that AIDS is caused by a sexually transmitted virus on the model of feline leukemia, he finds his efforts are stonewalled by the CDC, which is loath to prove the disease is transmitted through blood, and competing French and American scientists, particularly Dr. Robert Gallo. These medical researchers squabble about who should receive credit for discovering the virus. Meanwhile, the death toll climbs rapidly.'] ["Pablo Quintero  is a homosexual film director whose latest work has just been released. In a party after the premiere he meets Antonio , a beautiful young man who is obsessed with him. At the end of the evening they go home together and Antonio experiences anal sex for the first time, but while Pablo considers that happening just a lusty episode and is still in love with his long-time lover Juan, the young man misunderstands his intentions and reveals his possessive behaviour as a lover. Parallel to this is told the dramatic story of Pablo's sister Tina , a struggling actress who once was a boy and changed sex to build a sexual relationship with her father, who eventually left her for another woman. Because of this, she hates men so much it is rumoured that she might be a lesbian. She also must care for her niece Ada, whose mother  is not at home, and whom she loves like a daughter. The thrills begin when a jealous Antonio tries to rape Juan and ends up throwing him off a cliff. After confronting Antonio about the death, a devastated Pablo has an accident that causes a loss of memory. The police suspect both Tina and Pablo for the murder – only a sympathetic doctor keeps them at bay. Tina decides to reveal to Pablo why she is a transsexual, and announces she has found a lover, who Pablo finds out too late is actually Antonio. Antonio holds Tina and Ada hostage in order to demand an hour alone with Pablo. A stunned and limping Pablo agrees, and experiences some tender moments with Antonio before Antonio suddenly kills himself."] ["After a police round up of street children Pixote is sent to a juvenile reformatory . The prison is a hellish school where Pixote uses glue sniffing as a means of emotional escape from the constant threats of abuse and rape. It soon becomes clear that the young criminals are only pawns in the criminal, sadistic games of the prison guards and their commander. When a boy dies of physical abuse by the guards, they frame the lover of the transgendered effeminate boy known as Lilica , for the murder. This lover then conveniently also dies, with some help from the guards. Soon after, Pixote, Lilica and her new lover Dito  find an opportunity to flee from the prison. First they stay at the apartment of Cristal , a former lover of Lilica, but when tensions arise they go to Rio for a cocaine drug deal; there, however, they get duped by a showgirl. After some time bumming around the city, Pixote and his friends go to a club for another drug deal. While there, Pixote finds the showgirl that took their drugs and stabs her. They become pimps for the prostitute Sueli who is definitely past her prime and is possibly ill from a botched abortion. The group conspires to rob her johns, but when Lilica's lover Dito falls for Sueli, Lillica leaves. The robbery scheme fails when an American john fights back  so they have to shoot him. In the ensuing fight, Pixote accidentally shoots and kills Dito as well. Pixote tries to gain comfort from Sueli, treating her as a mother figure, but she rejects him. He leaves and is seen walking down a railway line, gun in hand, away from the camera, his figure disappearing in the distance, out of the film's view."] ['Candy and her gay friend Jon are owners of financially troubled art gallery in Peoria, Illinois. After exhausting their savings, they concoct a devious scheme in order to save the gallery in this screwball comedy. They team up with a hunky con artist, the mob and a lesbian porn queen, but at the end little is left standing but their friendship.'] ['Jo is a 17-year old schoolgirl, with a domineering, forty-year-old alcoholic mother, Helen. After sustaining a fall after school, Jo meets a black sailor called Jimmy who invites her on to his ship to attend to her grazed knee. They soon start a brief relationship, after which Jimmy returns to his ship and departs. Relations between Jo and her mother become strained when her mother meets and marries a new man, Peter Smith. Feeling rejected by her mother, Jo starts a job in a shoe shop and rents a flat on her own. She meets a gay textile design student, Geoffrey Ingham, and invites him to move in with her. When Jo discovers she is pregnant by Jimmy, Geoff is supportive of her, even offering to marry her, saying at one point, "You need somebody to love you while you\'re looking for somebody to love." Helen re-appears on the scene after the failure of her relationship with Peter, who turns out to have been a selfish lout. She moves in with Jo, which causes tensions between Helen and Geoff. Geoff decides he can no longer stay at the flat and moves out, leaving Helen to care for Jo and her impending baby. Symbolic of Helen\'s disdain of Geoffrey is her return, near the end of the film, of the bassinet he gave to Jo.'] ['A trio of impoverished children living in rural Mississippi find that they must make a heart-wrenching decision between traveling down the paths taken by their doomed families and confronting the harsh realities that arise over time.'] ["Roy Applewood , after fainting on the night of his 25th anniversary, shocks his wife Irma  by revealing that he suffers from gender identity disorder and plans to transition into a woman and be renamed Ruth. While Ruth tries to keep the family together, Irma's initial reaction is to separate from her. Patty Ann , their daughter, is more accepting, but Wayne , their son, struggles with the transition. Ruth faces ostracism at church and at work. She finds understanding from her boss but not from her minister. In the end, Irma discovers that love transcends gender and the family survives."] ["Urbania follows Charlie  through a sleepless night. After an unsuccessful bout of masturbation to the sound of his upstairs neighbors having sex, he prowls the streets looking for a man he saw several months earlier. The implication is that he's had a one night stand with the man, cheating on his boyfriend Chris . This is reinforced by several phone calls Charlie places, leaving messages on Chris' answering machine. As he's walking, he has momentary flashes akin to hallucinations or waking dreams: a man's mouth; a bottle breaking; a man with a blood-stained shirt. After a series of encounters , he meets the man he's looking for. His name is Dean  and it makes no sense either that he'd trick with Charlie or that Charlie would trick with him. Dean is unabashedly racist, sexist and homophobic. Nevertheless, Charlie, pretending to be straight, buys Dean drinks and smokes a joint with him. Dean takes Charlie to a gay cruising area looking for victims, but Charlie is able to warn away the intended target. Dean is now almost incapacitated by alcohol and drugs and Charlie gets him into Dean's car and drives him to a secluded marshy area. As had been implied by Charlie's flashbacks, Dean and two of his buddies, several months earlier, had attacked Charlie and raped and murdered Chris. Charlie's purpose is finally revealed: he wants revenge. In a dreamlike conversation with Chris, Charlie relates what happened at the marshland. He pulled a knife on Dean and told him why he was there. Dean didn't remember him. Charlie forced Dean to drop his pants and was disgusted to see Dean had an erection. Charlie forced Dean to kneel and fellate the knife blade. Suddenly, Dean collapsed with an epileptic seizure. Charlie slit his throat. Chris challenges Charlie, not believing that he killed Dean. Charlie admits that he wanted to but couldn't. Instead, he drove off in Dean's car, abandoning him in the marsh. Charlie stands up from where he's been kneeling, at a makeshift memorial near where Chris was killed. He walks home and has one more hallucinatory flash. He sees himself on the street, cradling a dying Chris. He kisses Chris goodbye and passes by him. When he turns back, Chris is gone. Charlie makes it home and, finally, is able to sleep. Charlie presents aspects of his story in the form of urban legends. The film references a number of urban legends, both by having characters describe them as they're depicted and by presenting random people experiencing them."] ["A colorful family from a small Texas town must come to grips with the accidental death of the elderly family matriarch during a clandestine meeting in a seedy motel room with her much younger, married neighbor. The woman's family must deal with their own demons while preparing for what could be an embarrassing funeral."] ["In Inniston, Marc Hall  is popular and his sexuality relatively well-accepted by his classmates and later his parents. But when he decides to take his boyfriend to the prom as his date, he finds he has stepped over the line straight into the fight of his young life and sends ripples though Canada's media. From just an ordinary teenager, he becomes an icon for LGBT rights across the nation when he discovers he is battling discrimination to date whoever he wants within the spotlight of the nation's media cast center on his struggle,"] ["Don Lorenzo Borrelli  is a priest in a poor neighborhood in Naples where Mafia killings are a daily occurrence and most young people see organized crime as a way to earn respect. Don Borelli tries as best as he can to persuade the adolescents that the Camorra is at odds with Catholicism, but has to learn that nothing will change as long as their parents silently accept the Mafia supremacy. Borrelli's personal life centers on his relationship with a 13-year-old choir boy, Nunzio Pianese , who is not only strikingly handsome but also a very talented musician. Nunzio plans on becoming a priest as well, as the easy life of a priest without worries about the future appeals to him. The mobsters figure that a child molestation charge is a convenient way to get rid of the incendiary Don Lorenzo and try to get the local authorities to investigate. Meanwhile, Nunzio begins to doubt if he should stay his course or give in to the pressure to denounce Don Lorenzo."] ['The film commences on a sunny summer day in Yorkshire when Tamsin  meets Mona . The former travels on horseback and chances upon Mona, who is resting in the grass. Opposites attract as the girls come from vastly different backgrounds. The former is from an upper-middle-class family and has recently been suspended from boarding school for being a bad influence. The nature of the \'influence\' is never disclosed in the film. Mona, on the other hand, comes from a dysfunctional family, her recently-released prisoner brother, Phil , being her only living family member. Both of the girls seem to regard their lives as mundane. The new acquaintances set off together, one on horseback and the other on an engineless scooter. When Mona arrives home, she finds her brother in the pub that was once run by their mother, pouring all of the alcohol into the sink. He has undergone an extreme religious transformation during his stint in prison and regards his activity as part of his preparation for a rally for Christian converts. That night, Mona meets her lover, Ricky. They have sex in his car, after which he breaks up with her. Mona angrily turns down Ricky\'s offer to drive her home. The next day, Mona arrives at Tamsin\'s in order to escape from the rally organised by her brother. The girls begin to bond as they spend the day drinking and smoking while talking about the problems they face in their lives. Their sharing brings to light several of Tamsin\'s family secrets, such as the fact that Tamsin\'s sister, Sadie, died as a result of anorexia nervosa. The next day, Tamsin takes Mona to the place where Tamsin claims that her father is cheating on her mother with his secretary. Not only is Tamsin furious because she states that the secretary is blonde with big breasts, but also because the secretary is not very smart. Mona smashes a window of Tamsin\'s father\'s car. The girls then flee the scene, after which Mona agrees to spend the night in Tamsin\'s house. The next day Tamsin purchases an engine for Mona\'s scooter, after which they drive to a small river to swim. The girls share their first kiss while in the water, bikini-clad. The two return to Tasmin\'s house and Mona tries on dresses. When Mona tries on a long red dress, Tamsin states that it used to belong to her sister. She also tells Mona that she is beautiful. Mona dances while wearing one of the dresses in the yard while Tamsin plays a piece on her cello. Mona falls to the ground at the end of the song, and Tamsin kisses her passionately. Later that night, the two girls have sex in Tamsin\'s bed. The next day, Phil finds the girls sunbathing, Tamsin topless. She does not cover herself and merely gazes at him as he invites the girls to his rally, in which he wants to erect a large cross on the hill next to their village. The girls go and join the born-again Christians on their way up the hill. Tamsin behaves as if immediately attracted to Phil during the course of the rally. Mona and Tamsin explore Sadie\'s room and find a bag of magic mushrooms hidden inside a dollhouse. They take the psychedelic compounds together. Later that day, feeling the effects of the mushrooms, Mona and Tamsin go to a dancehall where they behave intimately, disturbing the mostly older patrons and prompting the bouncer to kick them out. They then go back to the river where they first kissed and declare their eternal love to each other, solemnly swearing that they would kill each other if one should leave the other. In the morning, Tamsin wakes by the river cold and shivering, and the girls leave to breakfast at Tamsin\'s house. Phil then arrives at Tamsin\'s house searching for Mona, whereupon Tamsin pretends to seduce him. He reacts and attempts to kiss her, but she laughs him off insultingly, sparking his fury and violence, as he grabs Tamsin by the neck in a fit of anger. He proceeds to lock Mona in her room, forbidding her to see Tamsin, where Mona draws a picture of Tamsin on the wall. Mona fakes suicide and Phil comes in to rescue her, whereupon Mona mocks Phil\'s belief in the devil and he beats her. Something in Phil snaps and he reverts to his violent behavior, kicking the born-again Christians out of the former pub, while Mona leaves the pub determined to start a new life with Tamsin. However, she arrives at Tamsin\'s and discovers that Tamsin is to return to boarding school. Mona also belatedly uncovers Tamsin\'s deception - Tamsin\'s sister, Sadie, is in fact alive, and did not die of an eating disorder; this was just a lie fed to Mona as part of Tamsin\'s idea of summer fun. Mona, feeling disgusted and dejected by the fact that she\'s been used as summer theatrics, leaves for the girls\' special spot at the river. Tamsin finds her there and tells Mona that it should have been clear from the start that their relationship was doomed. In explaining why she lied about Sadie\'s "death", Tamsin tells Mona, "I\'m a fantasist, for God\'s sake." They then slip into the water fully clothed again, re-enacting the earlier kissing scene. Mona uses this opportunity to fulfil her earlier oath, attempting to drown Tamsin, but ultimately leaving her alive, going off, instead, on her own.'] ['This movie is about a gay university student Ricky  and Mark . Ricky comes out to his family and friends, but his "fag hag" Olivia  doesn\'t seem to be convinced. Being rejected by his parents, Ricky moves in with his friend Mark. Mark in his heart is gay too, but he has not yet come out to anyone, including his girlfriend Mabel . The movie focuses on the process of Mark\'s trying to face his sexual orientation.'] ['A group of boys, evacuated during World War II from London to a coastal town, form a gang and play war games. Too young to fight in the war and afraid it will be over by the time they come of age, the group members initiate a battle with the local teenagers. Curlew, a local youth, invites an Austrian Jewish refugee with whom he has formed a close relationship to take part in the shenanigans. At first the Jewish boy, Stein, is scorned because of his "Germanic" heritage but is later allowed to join. When Stein runs off during a fight, the youths decide to give him a fake court-martial and execution, but real bullets are used by a freak mistake and Stein is killed.'] ["Ecki  lives with his parents who own a bakery in Boldrup, a  small German town near Dortmund. Football, the German national pastime, is particularly popular in this heavily industrialized region and Ecki has been an avid and successful player since his childhood days. In a decisive game, he fails to keep a ball and is then evicted from the team, with his mistake being used to cover the real reason&mdash;the revelation that he is gay that comes about when he is observed by some of his teammates kissing another man on the mouth. Ecki is defiant and immediately sets out to form his own team and beat his ex-teammates at their game. Meanwhile, he also manages to win the heart of dreamboy Sven , who becomes his first boyfriend. Training of the team is done by Karl , an ex-soccer player himself who quit the sport years ago after a stinging defeat. When the big day of the game comes, the match starts out badly for Ecki's team, but ultimately they are able to triumph over his old teammates by allowing their homophobia to turn against themselves."] ["John, an eccentric music teacher, takes in Sebastian, a younger writer, ostensibly in an effort to help him, but is really attracted to him. When Sebastian starts dating a woman and it becomes serious, John starts a fight that ultimately results in Sebastian's accidental death. John then finds the manuscript of Sebastian's surprising, unpublished book and decides to publish it as his own."] ['Anna has been rejected by her college, her girlfriend broke up with her, and her big sister is getting married. She meets Sadie, who invites her to join Clits In Action, or CA, a radical Third-wave feminist group. Anna soon gets in touch with her political side.Review of "Itty Bitty Titty Committee" by Danielle Riendeau She takes part in illegal activism with the group and becomes more aggressive in her daily life. Anna starts falling for Sadie, who has been involved for years with an older woman named Courtney. Courtney works with a more mainstream feminist organization and disagrees with the CA\'s method of creating awareness through public art, which usually involves vandalism. The group travels to take part in a gay marriage protest - instead of being for or against it, they argue that marriage is the wrong goal, as it is an institution rooted in sexism. Despite being warned by another member of the CA, Meat, that Sadie uses people, Anna shares a night of passion with her while they stay in a hotel. At the rally the next day, the outspoken Shulamith ends up nearly coming to blows with a protester. The fight is caught by a local news crew and the group\'s message is misconstrued as violent and homophobic. Meat also reveals that their website - which they considered the center of their activism - has not received hits from anyone besides themselves. CA attempts to have a meeting at Courtney\'s home, but personal conflicts come to a head. Anna believes Sadie is going to leave Courtney to be with her, but Sadie remains dependent on her partner. Meat and Shulamith announce that they\'re giving up on the group, Sadie stays behind with Courtney, and Aggie  comforts Anna, who is heartbroken over Sadie\'s rejection and the loss of the CA. They end up partying together and having a one-night stand. In the morning, Aggie has prepared breakfast and procured a flower for Anna, who only considers him a friend. Sadie arrives to talk about what happened the night before. Anna tries to explain that her night with Aggie meant nothing. He overhears and is deeply hurt. Sadie leaves and Anna finds herself truly alone. In an attempt to fix things, Anna formulates a master plan to get CA national attention. Meat and Shulamith like her idea, but insist she must make things right with Aggie. Anna apologizes, Aggie forgives her, and the four carry out the plan, without Sadie. Anna attends her sister\'s wedding, bringing joy to her family, but leaves early to execute her part of the plan - sneaking into the studio of a popular talk show with Aggie and Meat. Courtney is appearing on the show to argue about the appropriateness of a celebration over the  anniversary of the construction of the Washington Monument, which she feels is a distraction from real issues. When the host requests a live shot of the monument, the CA feeds their footage in. With the expert help of one of Shulamith\'s lovers, Calvin , and Meat\'s prowess with sculpture, a giant phallus has been erected atop the Washington Monument and is blown off with explosives. Back at the studio, Anna pulls the fire alarm and the group escapes. In the getaway car waiting for Anna, she is surprised to see Sadie, who has finally broken it off with Courtney. Sadie apologizes for her behavior, and the two agree to just be friends, but then kiss. Through text in the epilogue, it is revealed that Shulamith and Calvin volunteered to take the fall for the explosion, and received a reduced sentence because no one was hurt. Aggie started hormone therapy, started a new feminist group for men and got a girlfriend. Meat\'s sculpture appearing on TV launched her art career. Courtney took the talk show host, Marcy, out to dinner after fleeing the building together. Marcy subsequently left her husband to move in with Courtney. Anna and Sadie remain together, and Anna now attends college, where she has created a group focused on positive body image called the Itty Bitty Titty Committee.'] ['Beni, age 15, becomes enamoured with a singer from the rock "The Minks", Fögi Müller, who is ten years older than him.Toronto International Film festival http://www.ffm-montreal.org/cgi-bin/ffmfilms?ActionEN&num=9934 Fögi ensnares him with the perceived glamor of being a musician, takes him on as the band\'s \'roadie\', and at the same time seduces him. Beni unquestionably follows him, including following him into drug addiction. Beni\'s youthful innocence is destroyed in a milieu of sex, drinking and drugs, and rock-and-roll. He ends up prostituting himself to pay for Fögi\'s drug habit.'] ['Doug Hitzel, a young man, reveals that after a year of unsuccessful dating he gave in to unprotected sex in an attempt to fit in; he is then seen crying. Kenboy, another young man, explains he moved to an LA sex house with sex parties and was relieved to finally catch HIV; from then on he would not have to worry about getting it or not, or using a condom . He now runs a barebacking website, and is physically ill. A group of older men, who did not get HIV on their own volition, explain how they lost a lot of their friends and lovers to HIV, and how they do not want a relationship because they do not want their boyfriend having to bury them too. They also talk about the medication they take, and about the side-effects - namely cardiac attacks, which seem to have replaced direct death from the virus. Advertising for prevention is also exposed for being too positive and showing images of attractive men with AIDS.'] ["The film follows Pip, a street kid who's meeting life head-on in the big city. On his eighteenth birthday he receives his grandfather's Second World War memoirs on audio cassette, a gift that awakens the ghost of the long lost world. His grandfather relates the story of the day he turned eighteen, fleeing German forces through the woods of France with a dying comrade hanging on for life. In Pip's own and contemporary way, he begins to live the parallel life of his grandfather, both lost in their environments and generations. Along Pip's path he stumbles into an unlikely alliance with Clark, a gay street hustler on the make, and Jenny, an aspiring social worker who tempts Pip with feelings of love and domesticity. He also forges a small but important relationship with a local priest, in whom he confides his deepest secret: the death of his brother and the heinous act his father committed against him before his passing."] ['The translator Fariba Tabrizi  is living under the threat of the death penalty in her own country Iran after being revealed, by the vice squad, to be homosexual. With some support from a relative, Fariba is able to flee from her home country to Germany. When she is in the refugee detention centre at Frankfurt Airport her application for asylum is turned down. She lives hour by hour with the thought in mind that she may be deported. Her desperate prospects are dramatically improved by the suicide of a fellow-inmate also from Iran she assumes his identity and, as Siamak Mustafai, and using his temporary permit of sojourn, is re-located to the provinces of Swabia. Fariba knows Germany only from literature and from her work as a translator which leave her in no way prepared for the likes of Sielmingen. The contrast to a metropolis such as Teheran could scarcely be greater. At first glance her survival seems to be assured. However, in the refugee home she is obliged to uphold her male disguise in cramped quarters and she is not permitted to leave the Regional District of Esslingen. A single word wrong, any attempt at contact is allied for her with the danger of her cover being blown. The only way to escape from this predicament is by means of forged documents. To do this she is in urgent need of money. With a little help from her roommate Gasmut she comes into contact with L䣨le , the local godfather. He is instrumental in procuring an illegal, seasonal job for her in a sauerkraut processing factory right in the middle of a complex hick town coterie. Anne  is manoeuvred by her workmates into taking on a bet. She will get a bike for her son if she can manage to get a date with the refugee chap. Uwe  finds it totally out of order that Anne is so solicitous about Siamak\'s well-being. His worries are not entirely unfounded, since Anne derives some kind of pleasure from the strange foreigner. Under any other circumstances Fariba would have been only too glad to respond to Anne\'s advances, however she is afraid on account of the whole business of the Siamak facade. With great stubbornness Anne drags Siamak along to the boozy leisure activities of her little hick town clique. In the process they become dangerously close and Anne begins to get wind of Fariba\'s true identity. When Siamak\'s permit of sojourn runs out Fariba gets into arrears with the instalments for her documents. It becomes clear to her that she will never manage things on her own. She risks everything and takes Anne into her confidence. She wants at long last to be able to live as a woman again, to live out her profession, to enjoy big cities. To break away from the provinces would also be the fulfilment of a dream for Anne. She does not disappoint Fariba. Together they successfully go in for car theft. Fariba gets her new passport. The world is their oyster. Just as Fariba is changing out of her Siamak disguise Uwe and the clique turn up in Anne\'s flat. Uwe demands an explanation. The row escalates. The noisy dispute leads to Fariba\'s downfall. During the routine check on account of disturbance of the falsified passport falls into the hands of the police. The system which she believed she had outwitted takes its relentless grip. Fariba knows: this is the end, her hopes are shattered. Anne has to watch on helplessly as Fariba is put under arrest. The term "in orbit" is officially used by the UN to refer to asylum-seekers who find themselves orbiting around planet Earth because they can actually find legal domicile nowhere at all.'] ['Three unique women embark on a cross-country road trip: Jane , a lesbian lounge singer in search of a new life after breaking up with her girlfriend and getting fired; Holly , a pregnant girl who just wants to escape her brutal boyfriend; and Robin , an uptight real estate agent who has her own secrets . Robin puts an ad in the newspaper that she is looking for a traveling companion to accompany her on a cross country trip to California. Jane answers the ad and agrees to join Robin after her car gets towed during their meeting. Jane and Robin leave New York and travel through Pittsburgh to take Jane\'s friend Holly to lunch. They stumble across a knock out-fight between Holly and her abusive boyfriend, Nick, over some missing drugs. They leave him there bound to a chair with tape after Holly hits him in the head with a bat to stop him from attacking Jane. Unbeknownst to the women, without medical attention, the blow Nick received to his head turns out to be fatal, as he stumbles across the floor and dies. The three unlikely travelers then form a special friendship on their journey which sees them through ultimately tragic times. After discovering that Holly accidentally killed Nick and that she is pregnant, the three women decide to continue across country and end up in Tucson, Arizona when Robin has to be hospitalized. They decide to stay in Tucson, hoping to start a new life. However, Jane has a secret crush on Robin, Holly falls in love with and eventually confesses to a local police officer named Abe Lincoln , and Robin finds the courage to face her impending death. Shortly after Jane and Robin have a falling out over Jane telling a guy  who was interested in Robin that she has HIV, Holly is arrested by Abe. She is taken back to Pittsburgh to face the consequences of her actions. The return to Pittsburgh involves Robin and Jane making peace with each other on the courthouse\'s "Bridge of Sighs" while the Pittsburgh Police process Holly. A few months pass, in Tucson, Holly is free and with Abe and her daughter, which is celebration to all family and friends. Robin is now farther along with AIDS and is not expected to live much longer. The party asks Robin to sing the Roy Orbison song "You Got It" as she performed that song in a Star Search contest, though weak, she manages to sing with Jane backing her singing. In the final scene, Robin has died from AIDS as her wheelchair is now empty, Holly and Abe plan to stay in Arizona and become a family, while Jane hits the road to finally seek a life of her own.'] ['Opening at a Los Angeles party around Christmas, self-aware narrator Harry Lockhart  recounts the events of the film. When fleeing a botched robbery with his friend, Harry\'s friend is killed, forcing Harry to evade the police by ducking into an audition; when the script mirrors his friend\'s death, Harry impresses the producers with an outburst they mistake for method acting. Attending the intro Hollywood party before a screen test, Harry is introduced to private investigator "Gay" Perry van Shrike , who is enlisted to help Harry prepare for his acting role, and later re-encounters his childhood crush and friend Harmony Lane ; due to Harmony\'s younger sister Jenna being subject to sexual abuse, Harmony left for L.A. to become an actress and to support her sister. Concurrently, Harry also meets party host Harlan Dexter , a retired actor and millionaire who recently resolved a ten year feud over his wife\'s inheritance with his daughter, Veronica. While investigating the next day, Perry and Harry witness a vehicle and body being dumped in a lake, and are spotted by the killers; as Perry accidentally shot the corpse, they are prevented from calling the police. Returning to his hotel, Harry receives a call stating Harmony committed suicide; Harmony then appears and reveals she was mistaken for her sister, Jenna, who arrived in L.A. and stole Harmony\'s credit cards, only to then kill herself. Believing Harry to be a detective, Harmony then asks him to investigate Jenna\'s death as she thinks she was murdered. After Harmony leaves, Harry discovers the lake corpse in his bathroom, as well as a planted pistol; after he and Perry dump the corpse, it is found and identified as Veronica Dexter, whom the pair saw at the party. Perry demands Harry leave L.A. due to the lake killers identifying and framing him. However, Harry discovers Perry was hired to investigate the lake by Harmony\'s late sister, linking the cases. Attending a party where Harmony is working, the trio discover Harmony told her sister a fictional character  was her real father, prompting Jenna to come to L.A.. When Perry leaves to a stakeout for another case, Harry is threatened and beaten by the lake killers, Mr. Frying Pan  and Mustard . When taking Harry to the hospital, Harmony realizes the lake killers are heading to Perry\'s stakeout, prompting her to rescue him; when Harry is left passed out in Harmony\'s car, a Pink-Haired Girl , who is affiliated with the killers, unknowingly takes Harry to her safehouse; when Harry witnesses Mustard murdering her, Harry shoots and kills Mustard out of anger. After Harmony then disappears following a lead, Harry and Perry investigate a private health clinic owned by Harlan Dexter; Perry then realizes that Veronica Dexter was incarcerated there by Harlan so an impostor could drop her court case, before Harlan killed his daughter and crashed the body into the lake after gaining his wife\'s inheritance. After Harry and Perry are then captured, Dexter reveals he now plans to cremate his real daughter\'s corpse to remove any remaining evidence, only for Harmony to steal the van containing the coffin. Harry and Perry escape, but Harmony crashes the van, leaving Veronica\'s body hanging off an overpass. After Harmony flees and is concussed by a fall, a shootout commences that leaves Harry and Perry shot. When Harry tries to save Harmony, he falls over the overpass, grabbing onto Veronica\'s corpse; after narrowly shooting Dexter and his thugs, Harry finds Harmony, then collapses from his wounds. Awaking in the hospital, Harry finds that Perry and Harmony are fine, and the former reveals Harmony\'s sister was not murdered, but committed suicide. After Jenna escaped parental incest in Indiana, she located Dexter believing him to be her real father, only to find him having sex with Veronica\'s impostor, who was the Pink-Haired Girl; since she looked like Veronica Dexter at the time, Jenna believed Dexter to be incestuous like her real father, and, after hiring Perry to investigate, committed suicide. The film contains an epilogue where Perry confronts Harmony and Jenna\'s father, before the film closes with present-day Harry giving a monologue on how he now works for Perry.'] ['The first half of the film is told in a non-consecutive narrative format, introducing the three principal characters in turn and taking them up to the events in the convenience store. There are four chapters: "Pornography in Blue", "A Space Man", "Documentary" and "Last Scene".  Y breaks up with her boyfriend , who she believes has done little to promote her acting career, but he tries to blackmail her with a video of the two of them having sex. She turns to her boss at the store for help, but he only agrees if she will sleep with him. Later that evening, Y makes up with her boyfriend, but then discovers that her boss has also been videotaping her as she changes in the store\'s back room. Working behind the counter in the convenience store, she takes a cheque from J to pay for some beer.  J meets M while singing in a club in Thailand. They fall in love and continue seeing each other back in Korea, until one day M announces that he has to go on a trip without her. On the day of his return, J prepares a meal for the two of them at her apartment. She is overjoyed when he finally shows up, until she realizes that his parents are with him. M\'s father has found out that J is a transsexual, and demands to see her ID card as proof. When she refuses he starts to fling food at her, and J asks them all to leave. A short while later, she goes into Y\'s convenience store and uses a cheque to buy some beer. When the store\'s boss demands to see her ID, she turns in anger and smashes a bottle of beer over his head.  R carries his camcorder with him wherever he goes, videotaping everyday life. Eventually he walks into Y\'s convenience store. As he gets something to drink, the boss walks out of the back room and demands to see J\'s ID card. R begins taping the incident. J smashes the beer bottle over the boss\'s head. Y tries to comfort him, but he slips on the spilt beer and falls, banging his head against R\'s camera case. Blood flows out onto the floor, and the boss is apparently dead. J, Y and R decide to accept joint responsibility for the boss\'s death. They drag the body into the back room, clean up the blood, then leave. After getting into a fight in a bar, the trio retreat to a hotel room. Y and R have sex, while J lies curled up on the floor, remembering the time she spent with M in Thailand. Meanwhile, M gets drunk at J\'s apartment, distraught over his feelings for her. After a few days, the trio go to another bar. As they are drinking and trying to decide what to do next, several police officers come in to check IDs. The three leave without paying their bill, and are chased down a back alley by one of the officers. As they run, Y trips and falls, forcing J to wait and trip the officer, who drops his gun. She picks up the gun and points it at him as he lies on the ground, but he quickly gets the better of her. When the other two come back to help her, he begins berating them one by one, only ending when J clubs the officer over the head with the camera case. Having had enough, R decides to leave. Y and J find a hotel room, where they console each other and begin goofing around. The following day they leave on J\'s motorcycle, going to Y\'s family home. It turns out that Y has a young daughter who is being looked after by her parents, and it\'s her birthday. Y leaves a birthday cake but refuses to stay, and returns the motorcycle. J, however, is nowhere to be seen. Suddenly someone grabs the clerk\'s hair. The convenience store boss is not dead, as they had believed. He and a friend of his have taken Y and J to a private karaoke room. The friend forces Y to undress and dance while he sings karaoke. The boss again demands that J show him her ID card, but instead she pulls the police officer\'s gun out of her bag and shoots both men dead. Again the two women find a room to stay. They lie tenderly together, naked, and J tells the clerk that one day, they\'ll go away somewhere warm together. Later, the two of them are getting their hair styled in a salon when Y sees her ex-boyfriend on TV. He has now become a big star, and she throws the TV to the ground in a fit of rage.  Y meets her ex-boyfriend in a café, and she uses their sex video to blackmail him for money. She then goes with J on a spending spree, in preparation for their trip to Thailand. They return to J\'s apartment, where M has been waiting. J takes him inside to talk, leaving Y outside. Still feeling distraught, M threatens to kill himself with a bottle of pills. J pours the pills out and sweeps them into the trash, telling him that they won\'t be enough. She gives him the gun, then leaves, going into the bathroom to cry. M goes out into the street, where he sees Y in a phone booth. Mistaking her for J, he shoots her in the head and then kills himself. J comes outside to find them both dead, and she is now left alone.'] ["François Pignon, an unassuming divorced man with a teenaged son who ignores him, lives a quiet and unremarkable life. When he learns he will be fired from his job as an accountant in a rubber factory, he contemplates suicide, but his new neighbor Jean-Pierre Belone, a former industrial psychologist, dissuades him from jumping from his balcony and suggests a way to keep his position. Belone proposes that Pignon start a rumor he is homosexual by inserting his image in sexually provocative snapshots of a gay couple in a bar and anonymously mailing them to his boss, Mr. Kopel. The factory's primary product is condoms, so the gay community's support is essential, and Kopel will have to keep Pignon on the payroll to avoid charges of anti-homosexual bigotry. Pignon does not change his usual mild and self-effacing behavior and mannerisms in any way as part of his masquerade. But his supervisors and co-workers begin to regard him in a new light, seeing him as exotic rather than dull, and his life becomes unexpectedly and dramatically better. Félix Santini, a homophobic co-worker who used to harass him, is warned he could be fired for discrimination if he continues to belittle Pignon, so he begins to make friendly overtures. The company enters a float in a local gay pride parade, and Pignon is coerced into riding on it; his divorced wife and estranged son see him when the event is televised. The son is thrilled to learn his father, whom he always considered bland and boring, has a wilder side, and expresses an interest in spending more time with him. His suspicious ex-wife invites Pignon to dinner and demands an explanation. He has by this point gained enough self-confidence to tell her exactly what he thinks of her. Meanwhile, Santini's charade of friendship has developed into an obsessive attraction; his wife suspects him of having an affair when she finds a receipt for an expensive pink cashmere sweater, and leaves him when he buys Pignon chocolates. After this, Santini invites Pignon to move in with him. When Pignon turns him down, Santini snaps, a fight ensues, and Santini is institutionalized to recover from his emotional breakdown. Eventually, Pignon's ruse is discovered when Kopel catches him making love in the office to his co-worker, Mlle Bertrand. However, he has become so assertive that he keeps his job, relates to his son, patches up his relationship with Santini, cheers up Belone, and lives happily ever after."] ["When Antonia's husband Massimo is killed in a car accident, she accidentally discovers that he has been having a same-sex affair with a produce wholesaler named Michele. Although she's initially devastated by the news and hostile toward Michele, she soon develops a friendship with him and his and Massimo's circle of gay, transgender, and straight friends, among whom are a Turkish immigrant, a playwright and a boutique owner. As she gets to know these people and become a part of their lives, the new relationships dramatically transform Antonia."] ['The film stars three real-life juvenile gangsters, all aged 15, giving an accurate depiction of Chinese teenage gang-life in the Singapore suburbs. The 2003 film features two more gangsters as characters as well as a fight sequence with more affluent English-educated Singapore youths. Rather than scripting the movie or employing professional actors, Tan attempted to capture the troubled lives of his characters in realistic fashion, apparently without much prior scripting.'] [" André Maciel, a young man who works in a photocopier shop, falls in love with his neighbour Sílvia, who works in a clothes shop. In order to get closer to her he decides to buy a dress he can't afford. To pay for it he begins photocopying money, which quickly gets out of control. Once he realizes that he can get away with photocopying money, he decides to try it on a slightly larger scale. Even so, he realizes that the amount he can make by photocopying is limited and so he looks for better ways to get money. Being a guy with little education and a job as a copy machine operator, he decides that the only way out he has is to rob a bank somehow, so that he can run away with his sweetheart Silvia. The plot also has characters such as Marinês, Cardoso, Feitosa , and his mother along with Silvia's guardian / father, Antunes. The movie takes an unexpected twist when André, who does not really look like the kind of guy who could pull off a robbery, actually pulls it off and the next day he also finds out that he has won the lottery with the numbers ' 1 2 3 4 5 6'. He does all the activities with the help of his friend Cardoso. Two people die in the movie and eventually, the movie goes on to tell us the truth behind all the incidents and how they were actually masterminded by Silvia. The movie ends with Silvia writing to the man she believes is her father and telling her about the journey she had undertaken to be in Rio, the place she meets Paulo, her father."] ['Stéphanie, a transsexual prostitute  travels to a small town to care for her sick mother. She is joined by her two flatmates, an Algerian hustler and an AWOL Russian soldier. Both men fall in love with Stéphanie and she decides to have a relationship with them both.'] ["A young man is recruited into an illicit love triangle to watch a much older man’s sexual liaison, but ends up witnessing what turns out to be his murder. The next day the young man's opera diva mother, played by Dianne Wiest, informs him that his estranged father has been in Paris… until the previous night when he was murdered. Seeking help with a psychiatrist, the young man comes across an eccentric actress , who has come totally unhinged by the death of that psychiatrist, the infamous Docteur Rey. At first mistaking her for the doctor, the young man embarks on a madcap mystery, reminiscent of an Agatha Christie novel, with Paris as the backdrop."] ['The film begins as a mini-documentary of New York City\'s 1973 Gay Pride parade and rally, with a young lesbian unabashedly declaring, "being gay is a very natural thing." The action cuts to the protagonist, David , going through the ritual of being released from his vocation as a monk in a monastery. He then is seen as a public school teacher of English Literature in the New York City area, who spends his time off driving into the city to be with his "oldest friend from Schenectady," Alan  at a gay bar. One evening at the bar, David is singled out to dance by Mark , who portrays a businessman. They end up spending the night together, which at first seems like a one-night stand until David says he\'d like to see Mark again, and Mark agrees. Not long after, the pair begin a monogamous relationship, and David moves in with Mark. But when Mark wants to have sex with other men, the relationship starts to break down. He rejects the idea of modeling a gay relationship on heterosexual marriage, and he is irritated that David wants to "keep pushing this romantic thing." Mark would rather have an understanding that either of them can have sex with other men when they feel like it, but this ends up alienating them from each other. Mark refuses to say, "I love you" until David playfully wrestles with him and tells him, "Say it...again...once more for good measure." After a year, though, David realizes that the two of them are just marking time. The two go to Fire Island for a weekend in an attempt to spice up their relationship, and although David tries to please Mark by entering an orgy, he can\'t go through with it. After a fight, David temporarily moves in with his friend Alan, who gives David an objective perspective on what happened. In a later encounter with Mark at Coney Island, David finally realizes that there can\'t be a reconciliation, as Mark is more interested in sex than a romantic relationship. After a season of loneliness, David meets a divorced photographer named Jason  at the 1973 Gay Pride rally which began the film. David and Jason go to Jason\'s apartment and talk. In Jason, a divorced dad, we meet another member of the gay community, one who was living a heterosexual life prior to coming out. He still socializes with his ex-wife, who goes with him on photo shoots. On a parental visit with their toddler son  Jason tells his ex-wife that he is now seeing someone with whom he would be spending the upcoming Labor Day holiday. It appears that in Jason, David has found someone willing to pursue a romantic, committed relationship with him. Jason takes pictures of David while telling him things to say other than "cheese\', and the film ends by showing the two men together splashing naked in the surf on Cape Cod.'] [' Shinji Ikari is sent for by his estranged father, Gendo at the beginning of the film. As he wanders around the town, which has been shut down over an emergency announcement, he is caught in the crossfire between the U.N. army and the fourth Angel. Rescued by Lt. Colonel Misato Katsuragi, Shinji is brought to Tokyo-3 and NERV headquarters, where he is pressured by Gendo, NERV\'s Supreme Commander, into piloting the Evangelion Unit-01 against the Angel because the other Evangelion pilot, the mysterious Rei Ayanami, is too injured to do so. After the initial fight, Shinji is taken in by Misato as her new housemate and enrolled in high school. The film portrays Shinji\'s attempts to "settle in" with his newfound life alongside Misato, Rei, and the other characters while continuing to defend Tokyo-3 and the world from the coming Angels. The fifth Angel arrives and paralyzes Shinji with fear, who is slammed at a mountainside and nearly crushes two of his classmates, Toji Suzuhara and Kensuke Aida, who had snuck out of the shelters to get a view of the action. Misato has Toji and Kensuke take cover in Unit 01\'s entry plug before ordering Shinji to retreat, but he disobeys and destroys the fifth Angel with Unit 01\'s Progressive Knife. Misato later reprimands Shinji for disobeying her. At the film\'s climax, the sixth Angel appears and tries to drill into NERV headquarters. To motivate the despondent Shinji, Misato takes him down to the deepest level of the base and shows him a giant white entity crucified to a giant cross-like restraint: the second Angel, Lilith. Misato explains that reaching this area is the goal of the Angels and that any contact between them and Lilith would bring about the Third Impact and the end of all life on Earth. With this information and encouragement from his new friends in school, Shinji, piloting Unit 01, and Rei, piloting Unit-00, manage to destroy the Angel by sniping it using an experimental positron rifle, which requires the entire electrical power output of Japan to function. Rei is nearly killed defending Shinji in the battle, who is able to save her by dunking the damaged Unit 00 into water to cool it off and pry her entry plug out of the Eva using Unit 01\'s Progressive knife. Shinji and the normally cold Rei share an emotional moment and Rei eventually shares a warm smile with him. The final scene opens on the surface of the Moon, with what appears to be blood splashed across a large, narrow swath of it. Nine coffin-like containers are arranged in a line on the surface, five of which are open. Kaworu Nagisa awakens and rises from the fifth open container. In front of him is an unidentified white giant, in a pit surrounded by construction equipment and scaffolding, wearing a purple Seele mask. A black, horizontal, rectangular monolith appears before Kaworu, through which Seele 01 engages in a brief, cryptic conversation with Kaworu, who says that "the third one" hasn\'t changed at all and that he looks forward to meeting Shinji.'] ['Fruit Fly is a musical comedy about Bethesda, a Filipina performance artist finding home in the unlikeliest places. She moves into an artist commune in an attempt to workshop her latest piece which deals with finding her biological parents. In the process, she finds an artistic family, clues of her mother’s whereabouts, and the startling possibility that she just might be a fag-hag. Subplots include her relationship with her roommates in the artist commune, and their relationships with each other.'] [' A glamorously made-up Patrick "Kitten" Braden, pushing a baby in a pram and flirting insouciantly with construction workers, introduces her life story. Intricately plotted, the film is divided over more than 30 brief chapters. In the fictional Irish town of Tyrellin, near the border of Northern Ireland in the late 1940s, cartoon robins narrate as baby Patrick\'s mother abandons him on the doorstep of the local parochial house where his father, Father Liam, lives. He is then placed with an unloving foster mother. A young Patrick is later shown donning a dress and lipstick, which angers his foster family. However, Patrick is accepted by his close friends Charlie, Irwin, and Lawrence, as well as by Lawrence\'s father, who tells Patrick that his biological mother looked like blonde American movie star Mitzi Gaynor. The story is quickly moved ahead to Patrick\'s late teen years in the early \'70s. Patrick gets into trouble in school by writing explicit fiction imagining how he was conceived by Father Liam and Liam\'s young housekeeper Eily Bergin and by inquiring about where to get a sex change. Patrick renames himself/herself as "Kitten," also using the name Patricia. She approaches her father in confession, asking about her mother, but is rebuffed. Kitten soon runs away from home, catching a ride with a glam rock band, Billy Hatchet and the Mohawks, and striking up a flirtation with leader Billy. Billy installs the lovestruck, homeless Kitten in a trailer home where she discovers he\'s hiding guns smuggled for the Irish Republican Army. Meanwhile, Irwin has begun to work with the IRA, much to the dismay of his now-girlfriend Charlie. Kitten dismisses Irwin\'s politics as "serious, serious, serious," but after Lawrence is killed by police detonating a suspected IRA car bomb, she tosses the IRA gun cache into a lake. Billy abandons Kitten to flee the IRA, while Kitten plays crazy, so that she won\'t be shot. Kitten next journeys to London to search for her mother, but initial inquiries prove fruitless. Penniless, she finds shelter in a tiny cottage in a park, only to find that it\'s a children\'s entertainment park for The Wombles. She gets a job as a singing, dancing Womble, but immediately loses it when her sponsor and co-worker punches their boss. Forced into prostitution, she is violently attacked by her first client, saving herself from strangulation by spraying him in the eyes with Chanel No. 5 perfume. At a diner, magician Bertie Vaughan asks her what she is writing in her notebook. She explains that it\'s the story of "The Phantom Lady" who was "swallowed up" by the big city, then reveals that it\'s about the mother she is seeking. Bertie hires her to be his magician\'s assistant, exploiting her life story in a hypnosis act. The two take a romantic day trip, but Kitten explains that she\'s not really a girl when Bertie tries to kiss her. Bertie says that he already knew this. Soon, Charlie finds Bertie\'s show and takes Kitten away.  Next, Kitten goes to a club frequented by British soldiers and dances with a soldier, only to be injured when the club is bombed by the IRA. When police discover that Kitten is biologically male and Irish, she is arrested as a suspected terrorist. Beaten and prevented from sleeping, she writes a hyperbolic statement, shown in a fantasy spy film spoof sequence. The cops soften, realising that she is innocent, and release her. With no place to go, Kitten begs to stay in the police station, but is tossed to the street. Kitten is again forced to turn tricks, but is saved by one of the cops who interrogated her. He brings her to a peep show where she transforms herself into a high femme blonde. Her repentant father finds her and in a scene that mirrors their confessional scene, professes his love and tells Kitten where to find her mother. She goes to her mother\'s house posing as a telephone company market researcher and discovers a younger half-brother whose name is also Patrick. She faints upon meeting her mother, but after reviving does not reveal her true self. When Irwin is killed by the IRA, Kitten goes home to tend to a pregnant Charlie. However, the town reacts against the unwed mother and her transgender friend by firebombing the parish house. Kitten and Charlie flee to London. In the final scene, they run into Kitten\'s pregnant mother Eily and little Patrick at the doctor\'s office, where Charlie is getting post-partum care. Kitten is friendly, but still doesn\'t reveal her true identity.'] ["The picture tells of Ariel , a restaurant waiter and a young man who is torn between his devotion to traditional family ties and the desire for something different, and, of Santamaria ([[Enrique Piñeyro  an older bank employee who suddenly finds his life in complete turmoil. Santamaria is unexpectedly fired from his bank job due to the world's stock market shocks. His wife takes this event as an opportunity to get rid of him and put him out on the street. Forced to make a small living returning stolen wallets, Santamaria finds some hope in a bathroom attendant  who is waiting for her husband to be released from prison. Ariel is very much against the restraints of a future that will see him take over his elderly father's  restaurant and marry an Argentine Jewish girl . At the same time, Ariel is also attracted to a sexy co-worker, Laura , who tells him she's a lesbian."] ['Matt Travis is good-looking, popular, and his school\'s best competitive swimmer, so everyone is shocked when he inexplicably commits suicide. As the following year unfolds, each member of his family struggles to recover from the tragedy with mixed results. His mother Sandy tries to keep the lines of communication open with younger son Tim while easing her emotional pain with marijuana. Father Ben, a perfectionist who worshiped Matt as much as he ignored Tim, insists on continuing to place a meal at the dinner table for the dead boy and begins to drink heavily. Eventually, without telling his wife, he takes a leave of absence from work and spends his days lost in reverie on a park bench. Tim, always in the shadows as the smaller, unathletic, less accomplished "other brother," struggles to get through school while trying to resist the recreational drugs his best friend Kyle Dwyer is always offering him and contemplating having sex with classmate Steph Connors. Sister Penny, away at college, dutifully comes home for infrequent visits and tries to help bridge the widening gap between her surviving brother and their parents. With the passing months, new crises arise and a long-kept secret is revealed, until it is revealed that one family member was aware of Matt\'s inner turmoil and suicidal thoughts and why nothing was done to help him.'] ['The film follows Flavia , a married high school teacher, who encounters free-spirited female singer-songwriter Yip ([[Tian Yuan  and strikes up a relationship with the younger girl. Flavia is a lesbian but never can act like one because she was brought up in a society where homosexuality was not accepted. When Flavia was a teenager, she once fell in love with a girl in her class, but the relationship was forced to end when it was discovered by her parents. Flavia, heartbroken, eventually married a competent and caring businessman after she was graduated from university. Now in her 30s and married with a child, she meets Yip, a beautiful singer-songwriter. Flavia is deeply attracted to her carefree personality and bright spirit, and falls in love with Yip the way she fell for her first love in high school. She slowly dares to break out, worried about the consequences but equally about finding her true self again.'] ["Former college classmates Martha Dobie  and Karen Wright  open a private school for girls in New England. Martha's Aunt Lily , an aging actress, lives with the two of them and teaches elocution. After two years of engagement to Joe Cardin , a reputable OB/GYN, Karen finally agrees to set a wedding date. Joe is related to wealthy Amelia Tilford , whose granddaughter Mary  is a student at the school. Mary is a spoiled, conniving child who often bullies her classmates, particularly Rosalie Wells , whom she blackmails when she discovers her stealing another student's bracelet. When Mary is caught in a lie, Karen punishes her by refusing to let her attend the weekend's boat races. Furious, the young girl exacts her revenge by inventing a story about Martha and Karen being involved in a lesbian relationship, a tale based on fragments of a quarrel Mary's roommates accidentally overheard. She tells her grandmother she observed the two women kissing each other, and the woman immediately informs the other parents, who rapidly withdraw their daughters from the school, leaving Karen and Martha mystified about the sudden exodus. When one father finally explains what is happening, Karen angrily confronts Mrs. Tilford, together with Joe and Martha. Mary repeats her story and coerces Rosalie into corroborating the lie. The two women sue Mrs. Tilford for libel and slander but lose their case. When the story is circulated by the local media, the reputation of the two teachers is destroyed. Only Joe keeps in contact with them, and he offers to take them away and start a new life. However, his trust in Karen is shaken, and he asks her if the rumors are true. In the ensuing quarrel, Karen ends their engagement, claiming she needs time to think everything over. When Martha learns about the break-up, she confesses she had always felt more than friendship for Karen and, upon hearing the false accusation, had finally realized the extent of her hitherto-repressed feelings. Upon this new acknowledgment of her feelings, she breaks down, blaming herself for ruining both of the women's lives. Rosalie's mother  discovers a cache of stolen items, including the bracelet Mary used to blackmail her, among her daughter's belongings, and the two girls are questioned. Mrs. Tilford learns that the story was a fabrication and visits the two teachers. She apologizes for her actions and assures them if the court case is reopened, they not only will be cleared of all charges but will be well-compensated for the trouble she caused. Feeling the damage to their lives cannot be undone, Karen refuses to accept the apology. Afterwards, she briefly talks to Martha about their future, and suggests going somewhere far away to start a new life together. Martha tells Karen she would rather talk about it in the morning and Karen leaves the house to take a walk. In her absence, Martha hangs herself. At her funeral, Karen walks away alone, while Joe watches her from the distance."] ['{{plot}}  Cady  is the 16-year-old homeschooled daughter of zoologist parents . They have returned to the US after residing in Africa for many years. Cady is unprepared for her first day of public high school. With the help of Janis  and Damien , Cady learns about the various cliques. She is warned to avoid the school\'s most exclusive clique, the Plastics, the reigning trio of girls led by the queen bee Regina George . The Plastics take an interest in Cady, inviting her to sit with them at lunch and go shopping with them after school. Upon realizing that Cady has been accepted into the Plastics, Janis hatches a plan to get revenge on Regina, using Cady to infiltrate the Plastics. Having ingratiated herself with the Plastics per Janis\' plan, Cady learns about the "Burn Book", a top secret notebook of Regina\'s filled with vicious rumors, secrets, and gossip about all the other girls  in their class. Cady soon falls in love with Regina\'s ex-boyfriend Aaron Samuels ([[Jonathan Bennett , whom Regina successfully steals back from Cady in a fit of jealousy. Hurt and frustrated, Cady continues with Janis\' plan which involves cutting off Regina\'s "resources", which include separating her from her boyfriend Aaron, destroying her beauty, and turning Regina\'s fellow Plastics, insecure rich girl Gretchen Wieners  and sweet but ditzy Karen Smith , against her. At first, the trio\'s plans backfire, and worse, even increases Regina\'s popularity. Cady then starts pretending failure at math to get Aaron\'s attention and soon choreographs Aaron\'s breakup with Regina by confessing Regina\'s infidelity with another boy. Cady also tricks Regina into eating high-calorie nutrition bars  by claiming that they actually help one lose weight. She also turns Gretchen against Regina by making her think Regina thinks of Cady as a better friend instead of her. In her efforts to get revenge on Regina, Cady gradually loses her individual personality and remakes herself in the image of Regina. Her act soon becomes reality and she becomes as spiteful as Regina, abandoning Janis and Damien in the process and focusing more on her image. Regina strikes back, spreading the entire contents of her Burn Book around the school, inciting a riot. To avoid suspicion, Regina also inserts a fake slander of herself in the book in order to focus blame on Cady, Gretchen, and Karen. The riot is eventually quelled by Principal Duvall . Math teacher Ms. Norbury , who also appeared in the Burn Book in which Cady slandered her by saying that she sold drugs, makes the girls realize that all of them are guilty of hurting their peers. She has each girl confess and apologize to the rest of the girls. When Janis\' turn came, Regina made an insulting joke about her sexuality, to which the crowd laughs at. Janis retaliates by confessing her plan to destroy Regina with Cady\'s help and openly mocks Regina with the support of the entire school. Regina storms out, pursued by an apologetic Cady, and gets hit by a school bus in her haste. Rumors circulate that Cady intentionally pushed Regina in front of the bus. Now without friends, shunned by Aaron, and distrusted by everyone at school, even being distrusted by her own parents, Cady decides to make amends by taking full blame for the Burn Book. Though severely punished by her confession, her guilt dissolves and she returns to her old personality. As part of her punishment and her reformation, she joins the Mathletes, which Damien and Regina both described earlier as "social suicide," in their competition. There, Cady has an epiphany while competing against a very unattractive girl, realizing that even if she made fun of the girl\'s appearance it would not stop the girl from beating her. At the Spring Fling dance, Cady is elected Spring Fling Queen, but in her acceptance speech, she declares her victory is meaningless: they are all wonderful in their own way and thus the victory belongs to everyone. As a symbolic gesture, she breaks her tiara and distributes the pieces to her classmates. Cady makes up with Janis and Damien, reconciles with Aaron, and reaches a truce with the Plastics. The film ends with the Plastics disbanding by the start of the new school year: Regina joins the lacrosse team as a way to channel her anger positively, Karen becomes the school weather girl, Gretchen joins the "Cool Asians" clique and is their biggest follower, and Cady dates Aaron as well as hanging out with Damien, and Janis, who starts a relationship with Cady\'s fellow mathlete Kevin. Cady reflects that the "Girl World" she lives in is at peace.'] ['Anthony "Tick" Belrose , using the drag pseudonym of Mitzi Del Bra, is a Sydney-based drag queen who accepts an offer to perform his drag act at Lasseter\'s Hotel Casino Resort managed by a female friend named Marion  in Alice Springs, a remote town in central Australia. After persuading his friends and fellow performers, Bernadette Basinger , a recently bereaved transsexual woman, and Adam Whitely , a flamboyant and obnoxious younger drag queen who goes under the drag name Felicia Jollygoodfellow, to join him, the three set out in a large tour bus which Adam christens "Priscilla, Queen of the Desert" for a four-week run in the Australian Outback town. While on the long journey through remote lands bordering the Simpson Desert, they meet a variety of characters, including a group of friendly Australian Aborigines for whom they perform, and the less accepting attitudes of rural Australia in such towns as Coober Pedy, and are subjected to homophobic abuse and even violence, including having their tour bus vandalised with the words "AIDS fuckers go home." When the tour bus breaks down in the middle of the desert, the trio meet Bob ([[Bill Hunter , a middle-aged mechanic from a small outback town who joins them on their journey. Before they arrive at Alice Springs, Tick reveals that Marion is actually his wife, as they never divorced, and that they are in fact going there as a favour to her. Continuing their journey, Adam is almost mutilated by a homophobic gang before he is saved by Bob and Bernadette. Adam is shaken and Bernadette comforts him, allowing them to reach an understanding. Likewise, the others come to terms with the secret of Tick\'s marriage and resolve their differences. Together, they fulfill a long-held dream of Adam\'s which is to climb Kings Canyon in full drag regalia. Upon arrival at the hotel, it is revealed that Tick and Marion also have an eight-year-old son, Benjamin , whom Tick has not seen for many years. Tick is nervous about exposing his son to his drag profession and anxious about revealing his homosexuality, though he is surprised to discover that Benjamin already knows and is fully supportive of his father\'s sexuality and career. By the time their four-week stint at the resort is over, Tick and Adam head back to Sydney, taking Benjamin back with them so that Tick can get to know his son and Marion can have a long-earned break. However, Bernadette decides to remain at the resort for a while with Bob, who has decided to work at the hotel after the two of them become close.'] ["Andre Shame  is a private detective formerly of the LAPD, who left the force after failing to crack the case on drug lord Ernesto Mendoza . The investigation of Mendoza's case was a personal one for Shame, as his ex-girlfriend Angela  was caught in the middle of a love triangle with the two men. Years later, Sonny Rothmiller , Shame's ex-colleague who is now working for the DEA, tells him that the Mendoza case is being re-opened, and though he has his doubts, Shame decides the case is too intriguing to pass on, and tells Sonny to count him in. The situation gets rather complicated when Shame's old flame Angela resurfaces in his life, and he also realizes that some of his allegiances aren't what, or whom, they seem to be on the surface. Tagline: He's armed and dangerously funny."] ['Chris Cahill is a young athlete who competes unsuccessfully in the 1976 U.S. Olympic trials. She meets a more experienced track and field competitor, Tory Skinner, and their friendship evolves into a romantic relationship. Tory gives tips to Chris on how to improve as she trains for a shot at the 1980 Olympic team in the pentathlon, but their coach, Terry Tinghoff, insists on being the only one whose advice Chris follows. Anger and jealousy develop, more so when Chris begins a heterosexual relationship with Denny Stites, a swimmer.'] ["Paul Hackett , a word processor, meets Marcy Franklin  in a cafe. They converse about their common interest in Henry Miller. Marcy leaves Paul her number and informs him that she lives with a sculptor named Kiki Bridges , who makes and sells plaster of Paris paperweights resembling bagels. Later in the night, under the pretense of buying a paperweight, Paul visits Marcy, taking a cab to her apartment. On his way to visit Marcy, a $20 bill is blown out the window of the cab, leaving him with only some spare pocket change. The cab driver is furious that he can't pay, thereby beginning the first in a long series of misadventures for Paul that turn hostile through no fault of his own. At the apartment Paul meets the sculptor Kiki and Marcy. It seems that a romance might develop between Paul and Marcy but he comes across a collection of photographs and medications which imply that Marcy is severely disfigured from burns on her legs and torso. As a result of this implication, and as a result of a strained conversation with Marcy, Paul abruptly slips out of the apartment. Paul later learns that Marcy is not disfigured and the significance of his earlier discovery is left as a mystery to the viewer. Paul then attempts to go home by subway, yet the fare has increased at the stroke of midnight and he finds that his pocket change is no longer sufficient to purchase a token. He goes to a bar. The owner, Tom Schorr ([[John Heard  cannot open the cash register to help him. They exchange keys so Paul can go to Tom's place to fetch the cash register keys. On the way, he spots two burglars, Neil and Pepe , with one of Kiki's sculptures. When he returns the sculpture to the apartment, he finds Marcy has committed suicide while Kiki and a stout man named Horst  have already left to go to Club Berlin, a nightclub. Paul goes back to Tom's bar, finding Tom deeply in grief over the death of Marcy, who turns out to be Tom's girlfriend. On the way he meets two women, Julie  and Gail , both of whom apparently like him at first but turn against him later. When he goes to the nightclub Kiki and Horst patronize, a collection of punks attempt to shave his head into a Mohawk hairstyle. On the street Paul is mistaken for a burglar and is relentlessly pursued by a mob of local residents. Paul finds Tom again, but the mob  chases Paul and he ultimately seeks refuge back at the Club Berlin, where he is helped by a woman named June , also a sculptress, who protects him by pouring plaster on him in order to disguise him as a sculpture. However, she won't let him out of the plaster, which eventually hardens, trapping Paul in a position that resembles the character depicted in Edvard Munch's The Scream. The burglar duo then breaks into the Club Berlin and steals him, placing him in the back of their van. He falls from the burglar's cargo near the gate to his office as the sun is rising, and returns to work, bringing the film full circle."] ["Young David  seems to have a normal middle-class life in the suburban world outside New York City. When David's father  leaves his alcoholic wife  after 17 years, David is forced to become parent to his siblings and caregiver to his alcoholic mother. Theater coach Kenny  becomes enamoured of David. Overwhelmed by his home situation, David is weakened and falls prey to the taboo. Giving in to Kenny's advances, David becomes involved with drugs and alcohol."] ["In Los Angeles in 1976, Christopher Isherwood begins writing a memoir. The film flashes back to 1931 as Christopher prepares to leave England for Germany, against the wishes of his mother Kathleen. On the train he meets Gerald Hamilton, an English ne'er-do-well of Irish descent, who suggests that Christopher take a room at the boarding house where he lives. Upon his arrival in Berlin, Christopher meets his friend Wystan Auden, who takes him to the Cosy Corner, a seedy gay club populated by hustlers. Christopher takes up residence at Gerald's boarding house under landlady Fräulein Thurau. There he becomes fast friends with Jean Ross, an aspiring actress who sings at an underground club. He also begins a tumultuous affair with Caspar, one of the rentboys from the Cosy Corner. Their relationship continues until Caspar abruptly disappears. Christopher does not see him until many months later and is horrified to see that he has joined the Nazis. To earn a living Christopher offers English lessons. One of his students is Wilfrid Landauer, the wealthy Jewish owner of a department store. He entreats Christopher to take a political stand against Nazism but Christopher, as an artist, initially demurs. Herr Landauer's home is ransacked by the Nazis and they lead a boycott against his and other Jewish-owned businesses. Christopher last sees Wilfrid when their eyes sorrowfully meet over a bonfire of books the Nazis are burning. Heinz Neddermayer, a street sweeper whom Christopher espies from a café, enters Christopher's life and they fall in love. Frau Neddermeyer looks kindly upon Christopher but Heinz's brother Gerhardt, a Nazi sympathizer, detests him. When Frau Neddermayer enters a sanatorium for treatment of tuberculosis, Gerhardt angrily advises Heinz that Christopher and Jean are no longer welcome in his home. Bobby Gilbert, the American steel heir, whom Jean had been courting to take her to Hollywood, departs Berlin suddenly, leaving Jean bereft and pregnant. She pawns her jewellery to pay for an abortion and soon after leaves Berlin as well. With the Nazis gaining in power, Christopher and Heinz decide to leave Berlin. They travel to England where Christopher tries to secure permanent residency for Heinz. Their hopes are dashed, however, when a passport officer denies Heinz a permit to remain in the country. The couple decides to travel around Europe, avoiding a return to Nazi Germany. Several years later Jean and Christopher chance upon each other in an outdoor café in England. They reminisce and he tells her that Heinz was eventually arrested and sentenced to prison, followed by a stint in the army. Jean confides that she does not miss Berlin. The scene shifts to 1952. Christopher has returned to Berlin for the first time since 1934, to write a magazine article. He reunites with Heinz who, following the partition of the city, ended up in East Berlin. He has married and has a son named Cristoph. Heinz expresses his wish that Christopher should find a family of his own and suggests that he and his family could move to America and become Christopher's family as well. Christopher refuses to commit to the idea but promises to remain in contact with Heinz. He visits his old boarding house for a joyful reunion with Fräulein Thurau, whose home ended up being in the American sector of the city. She presents him with the dolphin clock that adorned his old room, exhorting him to look at it and remember happy times. Closing titles convey that the next year, 1953, Christopher met Don Bachardy and the two remained together until Isherwood's death. Christopher and His Kind was published in 1976 and Heinz, shocked at its frankness, never communicated with Christopher again."] ['Dorky Andy , flamboyant Nico , jock Jarod , and nerdy Griff  reunite in Fort Lauderdale for spring break. The plot revolves around a contest -- "Gays Gone Wild!" -- to see who can have sex with the most guys during the duration of spring break. The winner will be crowned "Miss Gay Gone Wild". While Andy seems to have no problem getting men to have sex with him, Nico hasn\'t been attracting men at all, which prompts a frequent fantasy sequence involving a merman . Andy is troubled, however, when he falls hard for Luis , a charmingly handsome yet innocent virgin. Jarod and Griff are also meeting a problem, as they now are a couple, and are conflicted over whether or not to enter the contest themselves. Meanwhile, a shallow trio by the name of Jasper  seem to be very anxious to win the contest by any means. In a subplot, the guys meet Perez Hilton on an airplane and Hilton pursues a young priest to the bathroom, he hits his head, turning him into a religious zealot trying to dispel the gay activities going on; he is later hit in the head again and changes back.'] ['Holden McNeil  and Banky Edwards ([[Jason Lee  are comic book artists and lifelong friends. Holden is the calmer, more reasonable of the duo; Banky, meanwhile, is the caustic and short-tempered half. Everything is going well for them until they meet Alyssa Jones  at a comic book convention in New York where they are promoting their comic Bluntman and Chronic. Holden is attracted to Alyssa, but soon learns that she is attracted to women. The two begin hanging out, and a deep friendship develops. Eventually, Holden is no longer able to contain his feelings, and confesses his love to Alyssa. She is initially angry with him, but that night, the two begin a romantic relationship. This new development worsens the tension between Holden and Banky, who dislikes and distrusts Alyssa and is bothered by her and Holden\'s relationship. Banky investigates and uncovers dirt on Alyssa\'s past, and he reports to Holden that Alyssa participated in a threesome with two guys during high school, which gave her the nickname "Finger Cuffs". Holden is deeply disturbed by this revelation, having believed that he is the first man Alyssa had ever slept with. He angrily confronts Alyssa while attending a hockey game, after he clumsily attempts baiting her into confessing. During a tearful argument, she tells Holden about her "many" youthful sexual experimentations. She apologizes for letting him believe that he was the only man she had been with. However, she refuses to apologize for her past, and Holden leaves feeling angry and confused. Later, during lunch with Jay and Silent Bob , Silent Bob reveals that he was once in a relationship similar to Holden\'s. Despite the fact that he was in love with his girlfriend, Amy, his insecurities about her adventurous sexual past caused him to sabotage the relationship and leave her. Angry at himself for letting her go, he has "spent every day since then chasing Amy, so to speak." Inspired by Silent Bob\'s story, Holden devises a plan to fix both his relationship with Alyssa and his fractured friendship with Banky. He invites them both over and tells Alyssa that he would like to get over her past and remain her boyfriend. He also tells Banky that he realizes that Banky is in love with him—kissing him passionately to prove the point. Holden suggests a threesome. Though initially appalled, Banky agrees to participate, whereas Alyssa explains to Holden that it will not save their relationship. Before leaving, she states that she loves him, but she will not be his whore. Banky also leaves the apartment, and summarily ends their friendship. One year later, both Banky and Holden are busy promoting their own respective comics at a convention in New York. It is revealed that Holden has dissolved their partnership over Bluntman and Chronic, leaving the viewer with the assumption that he sold the publishing and creative rights over to Banky . Banky smiles sadly at seeing his old friend, who silently congratulates him for his success. Banky gestures over to a booth hosted by Alyssa, and provides wordless encouragement to Holden to go talk to her. He has a brief, quietly emotional conversation with Alyssa, and gives her a copy of Chasing Amy, his new comic based on their failed relationship. After Holden leaves, Alyssa\'s new girlfriend  arrives and asks who she was talking to. A shaken misty-eyed Alyssa feigns indifference and replies, "Oh, just some guy I knew."'] ['Gray Baldwin , a family oriented and quiet bachelorette, lives a close-knit life with her brother, Sam . Their lifestyle is generally co-dependent, involving them living together, going to dance classes together, etc. Gray and Sam\'s relationship has never been thought of as strange, but once a dinner party guest mistakes the siblings as a couple, Gray and Sam decide to venture outside of one another. While discussing with each other what they can do about their single lifestyles, and how they can "hook each other up" with a significant other. Their conversation continues to the park, where Gray meets a possible girlfriend for Sam, Charlie Kelsey . Gray then introduces Charlie and Sam, and they instantly bond, agreeing to see each other again. To Gray\'s surprise, Charlie and Sam become engaged, two days after their meeting. Charlie and Sam insist they are so in love with one another, they should go to Las Vegas the following morning and elope there, inviting Gray along. Gray is a little hesitant, but agrees when Charlie says they can have a "mini bachelorette party". Gray agrees and the three make their way out to Vegas. While in Vegas, Gray takes Charlie out for a hen night, and after many drinks, the two share a drunken kiss. The next morning, Charlie does not remember anything, but Gray has not slept the whole night, due to the bond she felt with Charlie. After realisation, Gray comes to a conclusion that she is attracted to women, and is falling in love with her sister-in-law. The events that occurred in Vegas begin a beautiful journey of self-discovery, testing the relationship between two close siblings and finding happiness in lonely Manhattan.'] ["{{Expand section}} The film's plot revolves around the life of Rami, a 26-year-old homosexual, his life in Cairo, and his experiences with his friends and neighbors."] ['13 year-old Camille  is reunited with her long-lost father and has to come to terms with the fact that he is now a woman.'] ['Zahir "George" Khan is a Pakistani Muslim who has lived in England since 1937 and has been married to Ella, a British Roman Catholic of Irish descent, for 25 years, and has seven children with her: Nazir, Abdul, Tariq, Saleem, Maneer, Meenah and Sajid. The couple runs a popular fish and chips shop. George also has a first wife in Pakistan. The film starts with an arranged marriage of the eldest son to a Pakistani girl. The son, Nazir, finds himself unable to go through with the marriage. He runs out at the start of the ceremony in front of all the family and guests much to the chagrin of his father and distress of his mother. In retaliation, George disowns Nazir and tells anyone who asks about him that he is dead. The next crisis to fall on George is the discovery that the youngest son Sajid was accidentally not circumcised as is preferred in Islam . Sajid is promptly taken to hospital to get circumcised. When Ella sees the pain her son has suffered from being circumcised we get the first insight into the conflict between her clear love of her husband and her inability to stand up to him. Left alone, the other children  eat bacon and sausages, which is forbidden by Islam since they contain pork. When Meenah sees that her parents are coming back with Sajid she warns the others and they try to hide the evidence. Ella comes into the kitchen and smells it and keeps George away just long enough for them to get rid of everything. Meanwhile, marriage is still on George\'s mind, and he accepts an introduction to Mr Shah, who is looking for good Pakistani bridegrooms for his two comically ugly and overweight daughters, Nighat and Nushaaba. Despite having seen the daughters\' photographs , George still promises Mr Shah that Abdul and Tariq will marry them. George tells Ella his plans, and she openly disagrees, reminding George of what happened to Nazir, but George takes no notice, again insisting that Nazir is dead and the children have no right whatsoever to disagree with him. Sajid accidentally overhears the conversation, and during a battle with Tariq, Saleem and Meenah, he blurts it out. The arranged marriages infuriate Tariq, who is already in a relationship with a local White British girl, Stella Moorhouse, kept secret from both George and Stella\'s racist grandfather. He destroys the clothes and watches that his father traditionally buys for all his sons\' weddings, despite the others\' attempts to stop him. When George later sees the desecrated items, he assaults Maneer, ironically the only one who follows George\'s strict rules, for refusing to tell him the culprit. Ella stands in between the two, greatly angering and confusing George. She tells him that his pig ignorance has caused the alienation of his children, the reason that they are so much "trouble" to him. George, however, does not understand this clearly and only hears it as Ella calling him a pig, a terrible insult to a Muslim. His uncontrollable rage turns on her and he beats her badly. In response, the children attempt to flee to Nazir in Eccles who, as it turns out, is gay, and living with a male partner. Nazir drives back to Manchester to confront George but leaves after his mother begs him to go as George will go mad. Nazir, desperate not to see his mother hurt, only leaves after she begs him saying that she can always come to him if she needs to. George briefly sees Nazir as he drives away, but appears regretful rather than angry. George sees his world around him collapsing and resorts to very severe measures. He is losing the control and respect of his family. They see themselves as British, not Pakistani and they get increasingly frustrated with their father\'s attempt to mould them in his image. Tariq tries speaking to his father reasonably, but George does not listen, even threatening Tariq at knifepoint into obeying him. Tariq finally agrees, but hints at divorcing his ugly wife as soon as possible. Mr and Mrs Shah finally arrive with their unattractive daughters . Ella knows she has brought up her children well, but the snobby and rude Mrs Shah makes constant subtle attacks on Ella. The final straw occurs when Saleem accidentally drops his sculpture of a vagina on Mrs Shah\'s lap. Mrs Shah directly insults Ella and her sons, calling them "half breeds". Ella does not take this abuse lightly and angrily ejects the Shahs and their "inbred monstrosities" from the house. George, expectedly, puts the blame on Ella instead of Mrs Shah, but Ella stands her ground and labels George as the source of the family\'s misery. George attacks Ella once again but the children come to the defence of their mother and stop him. Now seeing that his unjust position has driven his family, even Maneer, away from him, George becomes a broken man, realising that his perceived best intentions have backfired dreadfully and he is no longer the man of the house. George quietly leaves the household and finds solace in the fish and chips shop. Despite this, Ella still sees George as her husband, someone she will remain faithful and loyal to until the end. The film ends on George and Ella having a cup of tea together, Tariq attempting to reconcile with an upset Stella, and the children playing together in the street.'] ['Paul Prentice  and Karl Foyle  were close friends during their prep school days. Paul used to defend Karl from the violent attacks of their classmates, who ridiculed Karl for being effeminate. Some years later they are reunited literally by accident, when Paul, on the motorcycle he drives as a courier, runs into the cab that Karl  is riding in. Paul is initially surprised to discover that Karl has become Kim, but asks her out to get re-acquainted. Their first date goes badly and Kim assumes that it\'s because Paul is nervous about being seen in public with her. Paul brings her flowers at her workplace  and they go out again. This date works out better and they end up back at Paul\'s place listening to music. The two continue to spend time together, with Prentice teaching Kim how to ride a motorcycle. Their next dinner date, at Kim\'s place, is disastrous. Paul, struggling to understand transgender issues, drinks too much and ends up in the courtyard outside Kim\'s apartment, exposing his penis and ranting. The police arrive and arrest him for indecent exposure. Kim places a hand on one of the officers and he arrests her for "interfering" with an officer. In the police van, one of the officers makes crude remarks about Kim and places his hand under her skirt. Prentice intervenes and is beaten by the officer. At the police station, Paul is charged with assaulting the officer. Kim, his only witness, is terrified of being in trouble and intimidated by the police into keeping silent. She flees to her sister\'s home. At Paul\'s trial on the assault charges, Kim is able to gather her courage and testify for Paul. While he is still convicted, he receives only a token fine. A reporter at the courthouse tries to buy Kim and Prentice\'s story but they refuse. They return to Kim\'s place, where Paul is surprised and delighted to discover that he and Kim are sexually as well as emotionally compatible; they make love. Paul, desperate for money following the repossession of his motorcycle, sells Kim\'s and his story to a London tabloid. With the story splashed all over the papers, Kim thinks she\'s going to be sacked from the greeting card company. Instead, her boss stands behind her. As the film draws to a close, it\'s revealed that Kim and Paul are living together and that it was Kim\'s idea for Paul to sell the story.'] ['The film centers around teen idol brothers, Harry , and Max . Harry is at the end of his career while Max is just starting his. Harry is heterosexual, whereas Max is gay and, despite his youth, has come to terms with his sexuality. During a camping trip, matters get further complicated by a partial resumption of an incestuous affair between the brothers. The fallout from this further muddles both their lives, as they attempt to understand their feelings for each other and to protect each other in a world in which everybody, including their own mother, seems to want to take advantage of them.'] ['William Lee is an exterminator who finds that his wife Joan is stealing his insecticide  to use as a drug. When Lee is arrested by the police, he begins hallucinating because of "bug powder" exposure. He believes he is a secret agent whose controller  assigns him the mission of killing Joan, who is an agent of an organization called Interzone Incorporated. Lee dismisses the bug and its instructions and kills it. He returns home to find Joan sleeping with Hank, one of his writer friends. Shortly afterwards, he accidentally kills her while attempting to shoot a drinking glass off of her head in imitation of William Tell. Having inadvertently accomplished his "mission", Lee flees to Interzone. He spends his time writing reports for his imaginary handler, and it is these documents which, at the insistence of his literary colleagues, eventually become the titular book. Whilst Lee is under the influence of assorted mind-altering substances, his typewriter, a Clark Nova, becomes a giant talking insect which tells him to find Dr. Benway, by seducing Joan Frost, who is a doppelgänger of his dead wife. After coming to the conclusion that Dr. Benway is, in fact, the secret mastermind of a narcotics operation for a drug called "black meat" which is supposedly derived from the guts of giant centipedes, Lee completes his report and flees Interzone to Annexia with Joan Frost. Stopped by the Annexian border patrol and instructed to prove that he is a writer as he claims, Lee produces a pen. As this is insufficient proof for passage he inexplicably offers a demonstration of his William Tell routine using a glass atop Joan Frost\'s head. He again misses badly and thus re-enacts the earlier killing of his wife. He is then allowed to enter Annexia.'] ['The documentary follows the life of 11 male prostututes over the course of a year, recounting their struggles to survive alcohol and drug-related addictions, abuse and stigmatization – and, their troubled pasts. Trapped in a vicious circle of prostitution and drugs, they pursue their lives, realizing their prospects for the future are dim.'] ['In 1991, Lise is 18. The Gulf War ends, USSR collapses, Nirvana gives birth in a pool and three girls create the rock band Periodink. Their first concert will be for Lise the time to get through the age of adolescence.'] ['Before Night Falls is based on the autobiography of the same name by Cuban poet and novelist Reinaldo Arenas. In the film, Arenas, who was openly gay, is born in Oriente in 1943 and raised by his single mother and her parents, who soon move the entire family to Holguín. After moving to Havana in the sixties to continue his studies, Reinaldo begins to explore his ambitions, as well as his sexuality. After receiving an honorary mention in a writing contest, Arenas is offered the chance to publish his first work. Through his work and friendships with other openly gay men , Arenas manages to find himself. The political climate in Cuba becomes increasingly dangerous, and in the early seventies Arenas is arrested for allegedly sexually assaulting minors, and for publishing abroad without official consent. In the next decade, Arenas is in and out of prison, attempting and failing to leave the country several times. In 1980, Arenas finally leaves Cuba for the US, starting a new life with his close friend and lover Lazaro Gomez Carriles. A few years later, Arenas is diagnosed with AIDS, and after spending several years suffering he dies in 1990 with the help of Lazaro.'] ['Tommy Riley  stands in boxing gear in a dingy dressing room. There is a knock at the door and a voice calls out, "Are you ready?" The film flashes back seven months. Tommy is a former boxer who almost made the 2000 U.S. Olympic boxing team as a middleweight. He works laying computer cable and earns money on the side as a sparring partner in a local gym. His lack of motivation has led his girlfriend Stephanie  to move out. Marty ([[Eddie Jones  is a former boxer, now a high school teacher and boxing trainer/manager who had previously coached a fighter to a title shot, only to have the fighter leave him just before the fight. Marty and his business partner Diane  arrive at the gym where Tommy spars to scout his sparring partner. The fighter\'s manager instructs Tommy to make his fighter look good, but after he suffers a low blow, Tommy knocks the fighter out with one punch. The manager and the gym\'s owner angrily order Tommy from the gym but Marty and Diane chase after him, inviting him to train with Marty. Tommy\'s reputation and news of his return to the ring spark interest from promoters. After training some time, Marty and Diane set up a fight so that promoters can see him in action. He wins the fight but the promoter at ringside shows no enthusiasm. Diane gives Marty a tape of Tommy\'s 1999 Olympic trial fight. Tommy was ahead after two rounds but quit before round three because of a hand injury. Marty realizes that Tommy faked his injury because of the poor coaching and abuse coming from his stepfather, who was serving as his cornerman. Marty and Tommy talk about Tommy\'s stepfather and Marty\'s former fighter. Marty tells Tommy that boxing is a team sport and that Tommy will never be alone in the ring. Tommy\'s renewed motivation as a fighter leads to a reconciliation with Stephanie. Leroy Kane , the fighter who went to the Olympics instead of Tommy, wants a "tune-up" fight before his fight for the middleweight title. His scheduled opponent is injured and Diane sets Tommy up for the bout instead. The fight is in four weeks, so Tommy and Marty go to Marty\'s cabin in the woods to train without distractions. After several days, during a rubdown following a workout, Marty touches Tommy inappropriately. Tommy reacts strongly negatively and Marty apologizes. They agree to ignore the incident but return to the city ahead of schedule. On the night of Tommy\'s fight with Kane, Tommy and Marty plan to force Kane to exhaust himself pursuing Tommy until the seventh round and then put him away. The plan works and Tommy knocks out Kane in round seven. After the fight Marty plans to take everyone out for a celebratory dinner but Bob Silver , a big-time promoter, has watched the fight and, impressed, invites them all out. Marty declines and goes home, but later that night is taken to the hospital. Tommy rushes to the hospital and finds Diane there. He asks if Marty is in the hospital because of what happened at the cabin. Diane tells him that when Marty was a fighter, people threatened to expose Marty\'s homosexuality, so he ended his career by putting his hand through a window and damaging it. He became a teacher and his influence led Diane to make herself a success. When Marty is released, Tommy moves in with him temporarily to help him recuperate. Bob summons Tommy, alone, for a meeting. Bob offers him a million dollar three-fight contract on the condition that he leave Marty. Marty, Bob says, has a "tainted rep" in the fight game and represents an "element" that boxing will never be ready for. Tommy refuses the deal if it means leaving Marty. Diane and Marty both advise Tommy to take the offer but he still refuses. Stephanie and Tommy argue about the offer and Tommy drives Stephanie away. Marty tries to alienate Tommy by ignoring him during training and becoming verbally abusive. After Marty slaps Tommy several times during a training session, Tommy attacks him, yelling that if Marty ever puts his "faggot-ass hands" on him again, he will kill him. Later that night Tommy goes to Marty\'s place to apologize and to tell him that Marty can\'t make him go away. Marty refuses to take him back. Tommy reduces himself to offering himself to Marty sexually. Marty explodes at him, furious that Tommy would think that of him after all they\'d been through. The next morning, Tommy rushes back to Marty\'s house where he and a distraught Diane find Marty\'s body. He has committed suicide by taking an overdose of sleeping pills. Tommy calls Stephanie to apologize and to tell her of Marty\'s death. The film returns to the opening scene. Tommy breaks down in tears but stops crying when, upon catching sight of a mirror, he sees the image of Marty standing behind him. He finishes dressing for the fight and, as he walks to the ring, hears Stephanie calling to him. He turns to her; they smile. He resumes his walk to the ring and the camera pulls back to reveal that he is dressed in Marty\'s old ring robe in tribute.'] ['The setting is a 1930s Eton-esque public school, where Guy Bennett  and Tommy Judd  are friends because they are both outsiders in their own ways. Bennett is openly gay. Judd is a Marxist. One day, a teacher walks in on Martineau  and a boy from another house engaged in mutual masturbation. Martineau subsequently kills himself and chaos erupts as teachers and the senior pupils try their hardest to keep the scandal away from parents and the rest of the outside world. The gay scandal however gives the army-obsessed house captain Fowler  a welcome reason to scheme against Bennett. Fowler dislikes him and Judd and wants to stop Bennett from becoming a "God" - a school title for the two top prefects. Fowler is able to intercept a love letter from Bennett to James Harcourt . Bennett agrees to be punished so as not to compromise Harcourt. On earlier occasions, he blackmailed the other "Gods" for their own "experiences" with him. Meanwhile, Judd is reluctant to become a prefect, since he feels that he cannot endorse a "system of oppression" such as this. He makes a memorable, bitter speech about how the boys oppressed by the system grow up to be the fathers who maintain it. Eventually however he agrees to become a prefect in order to prevent the hateful Fowler from becoming Head of House. This never comes about because Donald Devenish  agrees to stay at school and become a prefect if he is nominated to become a God instead of Bennett. Devastated at the loss of his cherished dream of becoming a God, Bennett comes to realize that the British class system strongly relies on outward appearance and that to be openly gay is a severe hindrance to a career as a diplomat. The film\'s epilogue states that he defected to Russia later in his life, after having been a spy for the Soviet Union. Judd died fighting in the Spanish Civil War.'] ["Spork is about a 14-year-old intersex misfit who identifies as a girl. She is unpopular, mistreated by her classmates, and very soft-spoken. Her next-door neighbor and best friend, Tootsie Roll, is planning on entering the school Dance-Off to win $236 which she would use to visit her dad in prison. During a hair-product-related dancing accident, Tootsie Roll injures her ankle and can no longer compete. Spork rises to the occasion and surprises the whole school by signing up for the Dance-Off. The film touches on many controversial issues such as racism, sexism, classism, homophobia, and gender roles on a serious level and keeps an air of comedic value. Spork is also notable for featuring young actors playing their own ages , instead of older teen actors made to look young. It is rare, but not unrealistic, that young actors are seen handling such adult themes and language. The period that the movie is based in is unclear as there are several anachronisms. For example, Spork and Tootsie Roll are listening to hip-hop songs from the early 1990s and wearing 90s fashion, while the antagonist, Betsy Byotch, and her crew are wearing 1980s garb, listening to 80s music yet they worship Britney Spears. The character of Charlie is obsessed with Justin Timberlake which is late 1990's. It is mentioned throughout that Spork and Charlie are obsessed with The Wizard of Oz, but the only difference is Spork's love for The Wiz and Charlie's love for the 1939 The Wizard of Oz."] ["Set in a strict elite British boarding school in the 1930s, the story centers on a clique of girls who idolize their enigmatic diving instructor, Miss G  . Di Radfield  has a crush on Miss G, and is the firm favourite and ringleader of her group. When a beautiful Spanish girl named Fiamma Coronna  arrives at the school, Miss G's focus is shifted away from the other girls. It becomes a triangle: Miss G gets increasingly obsessed with Fiamma, Fiamma is disturbed by Miss G and also openly disgusted by the teacher's hypocrisies and deceptions, and Di is terribly jealous and makes Fiamma's life hell. In a very telling scene in the film that clearly highlighted Miss G's deceptions, Miss G  goes to a nearby parochial town to buy some provisions. She is visibly upset by this trip and after buying her provisions and drawing the unwanted attention of some local louts, she returns to the school in, it would seem, a near panic. The bullying culminates in Di physically throwing Fiamma out of the school but, as she is unable to return to Spain as she hoped, Fiamma ends up back at the school later that night. When Fiamma is eventually found, the two girls make the first steps towards friendship, and at the following dorm party they all get a bit drunk, and Fiamma faints. Miss G takes her to her own room. Then Miss G kisses her and sexually touches her; Di witnesses this through the room door, which was left ajar, and then flees. The next morning, Fiamma is visibly upset, Miss G equally so as she runs around after her. Di is broody, and eventually tells the rest of her gang that Fiamma seduced Miss G. Fiamma presumably tells Miss G that she will report the molestation to the teachers, and horrified, Miss G realises her career will be over. She in turn manipulates Di's affection for her into anger. She says that Fiamma will make up lies about her molesting her  and plan to get her kicked out of school. Di absolutely refuses to allow this to happen. The confrontation between Di's gang and Fiamma turns ugly as Fiamma declines to answer Di's vicious questions and tries to explain what really happened, hinting at Miss G's lies and character defects. Fiamma runs into the forest as things become more violent, but the girls catch up with her and, under Di's leadership, beat her up with their fists and sticks. Fiamma starts to have an asthma attack, and the girls stop, terrified. They run to get help, and Di runs into Miss G , who says she'll stay with Fiamma, and directs Di to go get a teacher. In the forest, Miss G, alone with Fiamma, refuses to give Fiamma her inhaler and calmly watches her die. Di returns just in time to see Miss G placing the inhaler in Fiamma's lifeless hand, and that's when she realizes the truth. Later, Di tells the other girls what happened and, united, they confront Miss G. They are powerless officially, but they quit the swim team and symbolically turn in their sashes. The headmistress refuses to acknowledge the school's culpability, and seems only concerned with the school's reputation, but releases Miss G from her duties. The final scene has Di leaving the school to explore the world, as both Fiamma and Miss G had spoken of doing, whilst Miss G, fired from the school, goes to the local village and finds a small room she can live in, presumably closing herself away for the rest of her life. In a scene that perhaps allows the viewer a better understanding of Miss G's very complex personality rather than allowing him/her to simply dismiss of her as a some type of sexual predator, we see her put her few personal possessions on her bedside table. She puts one item there and then quickly removes it to make move for another item. After that, she counts the items to make sure there are only five. The viewer is then reminded that when Fiamma arrived at the school, in the dorm room, Di had told her that only five personal items could displayed on her night table at one time. The audience then realizes Miss G is as much a victim of the institutionalized setting she grew up in  as Fiamma was her victim.{{cite web}}"] ["The story follows a British journalist, Arthur Stuart , who revisits his own past while writing an article about the mysterious disappearance of a former glam-rock star, Brian Slade , for an American periodical. Slade's career had ended during backlash from a publicity stunt: he faked being murdered on-stage, after which he gradually disappeared from the public view entirely. Stuart locates and talks with people connected to Slade, trying to find out what happened to him, and recalls the glam-rock scene of the '70s in a series of vignettes, which recreate the stories of Slade, Slade's collaborator and onetime lover Curt Wild , Slade's former wife, Mandy  and others involved in their lives. The film utilizes a non-linear structure to interweave the stories of the various characters."] ["CastProduction notesOctober 2009}} Lana Turner{{Citation needed|dateParish>{{citation}} were both considered for the part of Maggie before the role went to Taylor. Production began on March 12, 1958, and by March 19, Taylor had contracted a virus which kept her off the shoot. On March 21, she canceled plans to fly with her husband Mike Todd to New York, where he was to be honored the following day by the New York Friars' Club. The plane crashed, and all passengers were killed. Beset with grief, Taylor remained off the film until April 14, 1958, at which time she returned to the set in a much thinner and weaker condition.Parish, p. 329 {{Infobox film}} Despite this, the film was highly acclaimed and though it did not win any Academy Awards, it received several nominations including Best Picture, Best Actor , Best Actress , and Best Director . The film also received nominations for Best Cinematography, Color , and Best Writing, Screenplay Based on Material from Another Medium. Burl Ives was nominated for an Oscar for Best Supporting Actor that year, and won, but it was for his role in the epic Western The Big Country. Cat may have been too controversial for the Academy voters; the film won no Oscars, and the Best Picture award went to Gigi that year."] ['{{plot}} The plot revolves around an awkward, lonely young woman named May Dove Canady , who suffered a troubled childhood due to her lazy eye. She has very few social interactions, her only "true friend" being a glass-encased doll named Suzie made by her mother and given to May for her birthday. While presenting young May with the gift, her mother tells her, "If you can\'t find a friend, make one." As an adult, May works at a veterinary hospital, assisting with surgeries. Her optometrist fixes May\'s lazy eye, first with glasses, then with a special form of contact lens. As May attempts to be more social, she sees Adam , a local mechanic, around town, they become friends. When she tells him that she\'s weird, Adam replies, "That\'s okay. I like weird." May has a fixation on his hands, which she considers to be the most attractive part of him, and they start dating. Meanwhile, May\'s lesbian colleague Polly  begins to flirt with May, while simultaneously poking fun at her for her oddness. One day while feeling especially low, May remarks that Polly has a beautiful neck. Polly then gives her pet cat Lupe to May, ostensibly because of her "bitch" landlord. One night May invites Adam to her apartment. Adam shows her a film he made for his university titled Jack and Jill. The film reveals a story of two young lovers who go on a picnic and end up eating each other. May becomes aroused by the cannibalism in the film, and during an intense make-out session, she gets carried away and bites Adam on the lip. Bleeding profusely, Adam is finally disturbed by May\'s strange personality and leaves. May feels guilty and blames her doll Suzie for encouraging her to make bad choices. She shouts at Suzie and shoves her in the cupboard. May begins working at a school for disabled children. She is especially interested in the blind children and identifies with a lonely girl named Petey David, who makes her a clay ashtray with May\'s name carved into it. May finally gives in to Polly\'s wiles and starts a short affair. After Adam stops calling her, May goes to his house and overhears him and a friend calling her a loony. Adam says he\'s glad he could get rid of May. Heartbroken, May goes to see Polly, only to find Polly with another girl named Ambrosia. Totally miserable, May returns home. When Lupe refuses to come near her, she becomes enraged and throws the clay ashtray, killing Lupe. May becomes delusional, thinking that her doll Suzie is talking to her through its glass case. May takes Suzie to school and tells the blind children that Suzie is her best friend. As the children struggle curiously to take the doll out of the glass case, it falls and shatters resulting in the kids and May cutting themselves on all the glass in the process. Carrying the now-destroyed, blood-covered Suzie, May returns home, devastated. The following day, May meets a punk boy named Blank . He is interested in her remarks that people cannot be entirely perfect, only have perfect "parts". May doesn\'t like Blank, but she likes the tattoo on his arm. They go to May\'s house and when he opens the freezer to get ice, he finds the cat\'s corpse wrapped in plastic wrap. Blank panics and calls May a freak, infuriating her; she stabs him in the head with a pair of scissors. Suddenly, she realizes that the people she had considered her friends were not friends at all; there were only parts of them that were friends. She concludes that a perfect friend can only be made of all the perfect parts of people. On Halloween night, May dresses in a homemade costume similar to Suzie\'s dress and goes to Polly\'s house, adopting a completely "normal" manner. She kills Polly with scalpels from the animal hospital. When Ambrosia arrives, May admires her legs and asks her to turn around for her. Ambrosia accepts, not without calling May a freak first and making derisive comments about her and Polly\'s previous relationship. May stabs Ambrosia with the scalpels. When May goes to Adam\'s house, she finds him with Hoop, a girl with hoop earrings. May asks Adam to touch her face. He indignantly pokes May\'s forehead, at which point May stabs Hoop in the neck. She then stabs Adam in the stomach. Back at home, May designs her "new friend", Amy, a Frankenstein-esque life-sized rag doll made from Blank\'s arms, Polly\'s neck, Adam\'s hands, Ambrosia\'s legs, Hoop\'s ears, and Lupe\'s fur to substitute for hair. The head and torso are different scraps of fabric stitched together and stuffed. Once the macabre doll is finished, May realizes that Amy can\'t see her. In a rush of misery, May gouges out her right eye, the lazy one, with the scissors. Crying in pain and bleeding, she puts her eye on Amy\'s head and begs the doll to look at her. A dying May sees her friend come to life and touch her face lovingly with Adam\'s treasured hands. May smiles, and the credits roll.'] ['* It shows Lebanese gays and lesbians passing through the conflict of sexual, religious and social identity, the war against Israel and the "Article 534" of the Lebanese Penal Code that forbids "indecent acts". Main characters featured are Youssef, dancer, Maha, a psychotherapist, Rachid, a shopworker and Faisal, a Palestinian origin Reike healer.Detailed description of main characters interviewed for the documentary The Beirut Apt'] ["Ramón is a sexually active gay man with men coming and going from his bedroom. His best friend Esperanza is a single woman who can't seem to meet or like any men unless they are gay. Some would call Esperanza a fag hag, but she simply has great taste in men, she likes them gay! They go out together to the bars and Ramon always brings a man home while Esperanza goes home to an empty bed. She doesn't mind because she knows that she has Ramón's heart. That is until Ramón meets her fellow teacher, Roberto. Their relationship endangers the precious bond these two have formed. This colorful and somewhat hyper-active film is in the style of Almodóvar. There's always plenty of on-screen action, dialogue and color to keep the eyes and ears happy. It's a tender and intimate peek into the lives of two people that one seldom sees on screen. It seems as if Madrid is teeming with gorgeous gay men, after seeing Amor de Hombre it should be a stop in every gay man's life."] ['The film begins on a beach of the peninsula town of Port Gamble. A blind resident discovers a rotting zombie washed up in the sand, who wakes up. The blind resident\'s fate is unknown. On September 25, 2003, Iranian-American girl Frida Abbas  has returned to Port Gamble, her home town after dropping out of Princeton University. She runs into her neighbor, Joe Miller at a gas station with his wife, Judy, and their teenage son, Brian. The family mistakenly refers to her as an Iraqi, much to Frida\'s confusion. Meanwhile, gay couple Tom Hunt  and Lance Murphy  arrive in Port Gamble to tell Tom\'s mother that he is gay. While Tom and Lance explore the town, many island residents appear to have been zombified, including a police officer. Frida arrives at her house and finds her dad, Ali, praying. Ali lectures Frida that she should be more proud of her Iranian heritage. Frida sneaks out of the house with her boyfriend, Derek . Tom and Lance are having dinner with Tom\'s mom, who reveals that she was bitten earlier by a bystander at the store. While showing signs of infection, she goes into the kitchen to prepare dessert and Tom admits that he is gay while his mom becomes a zombie and tries to attack Lance. Lance pins her to the wall with a fireplace poker and discovers more zombies walking towards the house. The TV news reveals that Port Gamble is experiencing a bio-terrorism attack, which turns its victims into zombies. While Frida and Derek are outside, Derek\'s face is horrifically ripped off and eaten by a zombie. Ali leaves the house to look for his daughter, while Frida escapes from a group of zombies to her abandoned and surrounded house. Judy calls for her from her barricaded home. Frida and Judy hide in the basement with Brian and Joe; Judy is bitten by a zombie while helping Frida inside. While watching the news, Joe sees that a terrorist claiming responsibility for the outbreak is wearing the same necklace as Frida. He ties Frida to a chair and asks her questions about U.S. history, much to Brian\'s disgust. Tom and Lance find Mrs. Banks (a teacher, mayoral candidate, and Mayor Burton\'s . They run into the local church where Reverend Haggis , Mayor Burton, Larry, a married couple, a local senior woman, and another churchgoer are playing bingo. At first, the church folks do not believe Tom, Lance, and Mrs. Banks, but are quickly convinced when one of the churchgoers goes outside and they hear him screaming as he is slowly killed. They immediately begin to board the windows. Reverend Haggis believes that the zombies outside are a part of the apocalypse. Back in the basement, Joe nails Frida\'s foot to the ground and begins to move a flame from a blow torch towards her face when Brian smashes a hole in his father\'s head with a hammer. Brian is able to lift the nail out of Frida\'s foot just before he is attacked and eaten by the zombified Judy. The wounded Joe watches in disbelief as his wife devours Brian. As Mayor Burton starts to show obvious signs of infection, Mrs. Banks suggests quarantining him in a room, which causes Mayor Burton to rebel against her. Tom and Lance lecture Mayor Burton, which makes Reverend Haggis decide to turn Lance and Tom into straights by drugging them and making them watch gay "erotic" films, which appears to be a method similar to the Ludovico technique. Larry and the married couple go downstairs to assist Haggis in the process, locking themselves in the basement. Mayor Burton reanimates into a zombie and bites the senior woman\'s jaw off, leaving Mrs. Banks alone with the zombie. As Lance is being drugged, Tom threatens the group with Larry\'s gun and forces them to let Mrs. Banks in. Mayor Burton enters with her. Larry and the couple quickly run out of the church with Tom, Lance, and Mrs. Banks following while Reverend Haggis attempts to talk to Burton, but is beaten half to death using his own torn-off arm. Frida makes it home to her father, who turns into a zombie and she is forced to kill him. She prepares to commit suicide with her father\'s shotgun, but hears a helicopter. She runs out of the house into a playground full of zombies and the still-living Joe Miller. In a struggle, Joe tries to handcuff Frida to a slide but Frida breaks loose from his grip and handcuffs him to the slide and runs off. Joe cries that he\'s sorry and that he was stupid. Frida says that she forgives him but refuses to release him. The zombies devour Joe. Frida soon finds Tom, Lance, and Mrs. Banks and saves them from a zombie. They leave to find the helicopter where U.S. soldiers rescue them and take them to refuge. Six months later, Port Gamble is out of quarantine and begins to be repopulated. Mrs. Banks is now mayor of the town and Frida is running her deceased dad\'s diner. Tom and Lance visit her and propose that she stay with them in New York. She declines but promises that she will visit them soon. Tom and Lance leave the island while Larry and the married couple enjoy a meal at Frida\'s diner. The film ends with shots of a wall of remembrance and Mayor Banks putting a flower next to a picture of Burton.'] [' We see the principal students auditioning alongside less successful applicants. In the drama department, Montgomery forgets his lines while auditioning, and Doris\'s nerves aren\'t helped by the presence of her pushy mother, who insists Doris should sing in her audition. In the music department, Bruno\'s father  and uncle help haul Bruno\'s keyboards and equipment from their taxicabs to the audition. Bruno\'s electronics horrify the conservative music teacher, Mr Shorofsky. In the dance department, Lisa has been dancing since she was a little girl. Coco is sure she\'ll get in, thanks to a combination of all-around talent . Leroy isn\'t there for himself but to take part in a dance routine with an auditioning friend, but the dance teachers are rather more impressed by his talents than hers. After attempting to audition for both the music and dance departments, Ralph succeeds with his audition for the drama department.  Students learn on the first day of classes that academics are weighed equally with performance. Leroy clashes with Mrs. Sherwood in English class. Doris is overwhelmed by the energy and spontaneity in the lunchroom and flees, meeting Montgomery. As the year progresses, Coco tries to convince Bruno to book performing gigs with her. Doris and Montgomery become friends, and Doris worries that she\'s too ordinary against the colorful personalities of the other students. Leroy and Mrs. Sherwood continue to clash over Leroy\'s refusal to do homework . Bruno and his father argue over Bruno\'s reluctance to play his music publicly. Coco tells Bruno of her belief that she\'s "doing my last dance on this dark little planet" so it has to be spectacular. Miss Berg warns Lisa she is not working hard enough. Graduating senior Michael  wins a prestigious scholarship and tells Doris that the William Morris Agency wants to send him out for auditions for television pilots.  New student Hilary van Doren  joins the school, and she and Coco clash over Leroy. Hilary seduces him. Bruno and Mr. Shorofsky debate the merits of traditional orchestras versus synthesized instruments. As an acting exercise, students have to divulge a painful memory. Ralph tells of learning about the death of Freddie Prinze. Doris relates her humiliation at being forced by her stage mother to sing at a child\'s birthday party. Montgomery discusses discovering his homosexuality, in the process coming out to the school, for which he is teased by Ralph wearing The Rocky Horror Picture Show-style drag. Bruno\'s father plays Bruno\'s music (the title song [[Fame  outside the school, inspiring the student body to dance in the streets. Miss Berg drops Lisa from the dance program, and Lisa, after seemingly considering suicide, instead drops her dance clothes on the subway tracks and declares "F**k it, if I can\'t dance I\'ll change to the drama department."  Ralph and Doris discover their mutual attraction, but their growing intimacy leaves Montgomery feeling excluded. Hilary brings Leroy home to shock her father and stepmother. Ralph\'s young sister is attacked by a junkie and Ralph lashes out at his mother\'s attempts to comfort the child by taking her to the local Catholic church, instead of to a doctor. Doris also begins to question her Jewish upbringing, changing her name to "Dominique DuPont". She and Ralph attend a screening of The Rocky Horror Picture Show at the 8th Street Playhouse, and during the "Time Warp" Doris rips off her blouse and joins the stage show. She becomes giddy the next day as she realizes that as an actress she can put on any personality she wants, but is sobered upon running into Michael, struggling as an actor and waiting tables.  Ralph follows in the footsteps of his idol Freddie Prinze and performs stand-up comedy at Catch a Rising Star and garners some initial success. He falls into a hard-party lifestyle and strains his relationship with Doris. Given a prime spot at a comedy club, he bombs after clashing with both Doris and Montgomery over his new lifestyle. Disgusted with himself, he believes his career is over, but Montgomery comforts him by telling him that bombing is part of the entertainment business. Hilary is offered a spot with the San Francisco Ballet and, to take it, has an abortion. Coco is approached in a diner by a porno filmmaker  claiming to be a director. She goes to his apartment for a "screen test" and he convinces her to undress in front of the camera. Leroy is offered a spot in Alvin Ailey\'s dance company, but to be accepted he must graduate. He finds Mrs. Sherwood outside her husband\'s hospital room and lashes out at her. She lashes back and, chagrined, he comforts her. At graduation, the student body performs the finalé, "I Sing the Body Electric". The opening lines are sung by Lisa, Coco, and Montgomery.'] ['The film begins on August 6, 1990, the day after the final show of the Blond Ambition Tour in Nice. Madonna cleans up her hotel room while, in a voice-over, she explains that she is not as emotional as the rest of her group over the end of the tour. She has already grieved, she says, but it will hit her later and she hopes she will be in a safe place when it happens. In a flashback to April 1990, the tour is about to kick off in Japan. Everything is a mess; there are sound problems and Madonna did not realize that the tour is during the rainy season in Japan. Because it is cold and wet, Madonna and the dancers scrap their costumes for warmer attire. In a voice-over, Madonna confesses that the only thing keeping her from "slashing my wrists" is the thought of returning to North America and performing the show as it is meant to be. In America, Madonna meets the families of her dancers. One dancer, Oliver, sees his father for the first time in several years, while Madonna talks with her father, Silvio "Tony" Ciccone, on the phone. Though she insists that she can get him tickets, he is reluctant to impose. The Blond Ambition tour stops in Los Angeles, where sound problems abound. Despite reassurances, Madonna focuses on the technical problems and yells at her manager, Freddy DeMann, for allowing so many people from the music industry, who appeared bored by her performance, in the front rows. Though then-boyfriend Warren Beatty tries to console her, he is distracted by the cameras and walks away laughing. Madonna parties with several celebrities, including Dick Tracy co-stars Al Pacino and Mandy Patinkin, and Olivia Newton-John. Kevin Costner offends Madonna by calling her show "neat". Madonna pretends to gag after he leaves. Despite the lively atmosphere, Beatty still seems bothered by the cameras\' presence. During her stay in Washington, D.C., Madonna attends the premiere of Dick Tracy with Beatty, with whom she co-starred. In another voice-over, she describes a dream that she had the night before: Mikhail Gorbachev came to her show and she thought about how jealous Beatty would be that she met him first. She declares it "a good dream". On the final night of the show in Toronto, Madonna is informed that plainclothes officers are prepared to arrest her if she performs the simulated masturbation scene at the end of "Like a Virgin". Madonna refuses to change her show, stating, "Last time I was on tour, Sean [Penn] was in jail. I guess it\'s my turn." Freddy DeMann bets that the threat of arrest will only make Madonna go further and no one takes his bet. According to a news report, Toronto police decide not to arrest the singer, claiming that no threats were made. The Blond Ambition tour goes to Madonna\'s hometown of Detroit. In a voice-over, Madonna expresses the difficulty she has going back home, especially since fame seems to change one\'s loved ones. At the end of "Holiday", Madonna calls her father on stage and sings "Happy Birthday to You". Backstage, Tony and his wife, Joan, compliment Madonna  on the show, though Tony expresses his displeasure at some of the more "burlesque" aspects. Madonna and Christopher wait for their older brother, Martin, to show up while they discuss his substance abuse problems. By the time Martin arrives, Christopher has left and Madonna has gone to bed. Madonna reunites with her "childhood idol", Moira McFarland-Messana. Moira gives Madonna a painting she made entitled "Madonna and Child", and asks Madonna to be the godmother to her unborn child. Before leaving Detroit, Madonna visits her mother\'s grave as "Promise to Try" plays in the background. It is the first time she has visited her mother\'s grave since she was a little girl. Madonna lies down beside her mother\'s grave as Christopher watches and Madonna whispers that, "I\'m going to fit in right here. They\'re going to bury me sideways." As the tour continues, Madonna\'s throat problems worsen while Beatty becomes more fed up with the cameras. During a throat examination in Madonna\'s hotel room, Beatty chastises her for the documentary, telling her the atmosphere is driving everyone insane. Madonna ignores Beatty, and when she declines to have the rest of her examination done off camera, Beatty starts laughing, saying, "She doesn\'t want to live off-camera, much less talk... What point is there of existing off-camera?" Due to Madonna\'s throat problems she cancels some of her shows. In New York, Madonna\'s doctor instructs her not to talk and she finds herself isolated in her apartment with only her assistant, Melissa, as contact to the outside world. Everything seems to fall apart and she loses contact with the dancers. Star reports that Madonna dumped Beatty for one of her dancers, Oliver Crumes. The other dancers torment him and Madonna chastises them. Sharon, a make-up artist, is drugged and sodomized while partying. In a prayer circle before the final show in New York, Madonna attempts to pull everyone back together. The third leg of the tour kicks off in Europe with everyone in better spirits. Madonna and the dancers visit Chanel in Paris, fool around at Melissa\'s birthday party and imitate Madonna\'s 1984 "Like a Virgin" music video. As the tour nears Italy, the Pope attempts to have it banned, forcing Madonna to cancel one show. Sandra Bernhard appears to cheer up Madonna. Sandra asks who would really blow her away if she could meet them and Madonna replies, "That guy who\'s in all of Pedro Almodóvar\'s films - Antonio Banderas." When Almodóvar throws a party in Madrid and invites the future Evita co-stars, Madonna spends a week thinking up ways to seduce Banderas. It turns out that he is married, ending Madonna\'s two-year crush. While Madonna works in her hotel room, voice-overs from her family, friends, and co-workers describe the star. Though she is happier now than she was on her last tour, Sandra Bernhard does not think that she takes enough time to enjoy her successes. Others describe her in unflattering terms. Luis Camacho says, "I just feel like she\'s a little girl lost in the storm sometimes. You know, there\'s just a whole whirlwind of things going on around her, and sometimes she gets caught up in it." As the tour winds down, the group plays a game of Truth or Dare?. Madonna is asked, "Who has been the love of your life for your whole life? Your biggest love?" Madonna replies without hesitation, "Sean. Sean." Madonna invites her dancers, one-by-one, to join her in bed, where she imparts words of wisdom to each. While the show\'s closing act, "Keep It Together", plays, a montage of Madonna saying good-bye to her dancers is shown. The film ends with a clip of Madonna telling director Alek Keshishian to go away and, "Cut it, Alek! Cut it, Goddamnit!"'] ["Max  is a promiscuous gay man living in 1930s Berlin. He is at odds with his wealthy family because of his homosexuality. One evening, much to the resentment of his boyfriend, Rudy , Max brings home a handsome SA man . Unfortunately, he does so on the Night of the Long Knives, when Hitler ordered the assassination of upper echelon SA corps. The Sturmabteilung man is discovered and killed by SS men in Max and Rudy's apartment, and the two have to flee Berlin. Max's Uncle Freddie  has organised new papers for Max, but Max refuses to leave his boyfriend behind. As a result, Max and Rudy are found and arrested by the Gestapo and put on a train headed for Dachau. On the train, Rudy is brutally beaten to death by the guards. As Rudy calls out to Max when he is taken away, Max lies to the guards, denying he is gay. In the camp, Max falls in love with Horst , who shows him the dignity that lies in acknowledging one's beliefs."] ['The film tells the story of record producer Joe Meek, the songwriter-producer behind the 1960s hits "Have I the Right?", "Just Like Eddie" and "Johnny Remember Me". The film charts Meek\'s initial success with the multi-million selling record, "Telstar", his homosexuality which was illegal in the UK at the time, and his struggles with debt, paranoia and depression, which culminated in the killing of his landlady Violet Shenton and himself, on 3 February 1967.'] ['After fleeing West Germany following a prison break which involved the fatal shooting of a correctional officer, the desperate and fast-moving fugitive RAF members speed across the border as fast as they can and get an offer from the state security officer, Erwin Hull, to remain in the GDR. The Stasi is shown to be somewhat reluctant to take in Marxist-Leninists who espouse a more militant and individualistic view than the republic\'s own Soviet-inspired ideology, but ultimately the GDR officials apparently consider it more important to keep fellow travelers safe than to prosecute them for vigilantism and murder. The Stasi leaders thus eventually offer to create new identities for Vogt and the rest so that they can start a new life in the East. The two women, Friederike Adebach  and Vogt, accept the offer, but the men refuse on the grounds of not wanting to retire their battle against the imperialist system with armed force; later, they are seen being killed during their next attack. Hull\'s relationship with Rita as her case officer, a friend, and an adviser, meanwhile occupies a large place in the film, platonic though it is. The film then proceeds to detail Rita\'s new life, for which she rehearsed a fictitious "legend" or backstory that becomes her new "truth"; assumedly this is where the English translation "The Legend of Rita" comes from. Once the "legend" is constructed, Rita is given a job at a Volkseigener Betrieb clothing factory. There she appalls her colleagues — unlike them, for example, Rita takes socialist "solidarity" collections for projects in third world countries seriously. Her type of genuine leftist idealism is dismissed as naïve and troublesome in the Soviet-style state, and she is unpopular. But then when Rita\'s horrendously depressed co-worker Tatjana, a fellow outcast who displays the same desperation towards state socialism that Rita had harbored towards capitalism, develop a mutual friendship, it bonds them closely and even sees them experimenting with intimacy. Then a television announcement from West Germany stops Rita short at a birthday party one night — the West German authorities continue to broadcast her as a wanted fugitive, and a co-worker recognizes her from the broadcast the next day and threatens to tell who she is. In response, the Stasi promptly remove her from her workplace and "legend", allowing her only a brief, painful separation from Tatjana. Her next residence and workplace, "Legend Number 2", is a children\'s day care center. While on vacation by the Baltic Sea, she gets to know and falls in love with a student, Jochen. Despite her cautiousness, it becomes ever more difficult for her to maintain her façade and hide her past. Shortly before her decision to travel with him to the Soviet Union, she reveals her tale to him. Suddenly, out noticing a choir performing, Rita sees Friederike Adebach again amongst the choir\'s participants; she is suffering under the new identity she\'d taken, and bears it only with resignation — the same resignation and sadness seen on the faces of most other GDR nationals in the film; in this way, Friederike is seen to have become "one of them". Rita and Friederike\'s reunion is sullen and they part unceremoniously. Throughout, the privations of the GDR are shown as drab, grey, dull and wooden to the viewer, but Rita is noticeably smiling and joyous, in extreme  contrast to every person around her. For Rita the GDR has the romantic, happy aura that had been lacking in her angry expressions and attitude towards capitalism in the beginning of the film, and that radical left romanticism is also part of the reason why she displays such profound disappointment at the end of the film when Die Wende occurs that no one except her had ever seemed to have any hope for socialism as an "experiment". In 1989/90 the GDR collapses; secret-service powers are disbanded in the GDR and the Stasi\'s weapons are confiscated; Erwin Hull informs Rita that he can no longer protect her; Tatjana is arrested by the People\'s Police for harboring a terrorist; and it is rapidly only a question of time before Rita\'s true legend is exposed. Rita is furious at the people who had promised to help her, sees that she has no way out given that terrorism now "has no borders", and tries in an attempted stealth move to speed across a backwoods border checkpoint by motorbike, during which an East German guard pierces her with several automatic rifle bullets, thereby completing the betrayal Rita had hoped would never come. Rita and her comrades are shown as having failed in their revolutionary communist mission against injustice, and also for the self-proclaimed communist states of Eastern Europe to have ultimately had the same disregard for human rights as leftist radicals claim the system of capitalism has. The last moment of the film flashes a line of text: "THAT\'S EXACTLY HOW IT WAS. MORE OR LESS."'] ["Paul, Matt and Will, three best friends decide to go on holiday together. Paul  brings his lover Ben, but their five-year relationship is unstable owing to Paul's continued moodiness over the death of his brother Mark; Matt brings Owen, with whom he wants a lifelong relationship but whose boisterous personality doesn't suit him; and Will brings Adam, a 20-year old one-night stand. Mark's lover also comes along for some sense of closure."] ['The action centres on several themes firstly a homosexual murder investigation involving one of the central characters  and his relationship with his girlfriend . The second narrative involves a gay punk  and a soul boy  in a relationship, which is the source of the narrative conflict as they face double prejudice of racism and homophobia, in both West Indian and white British communities. Ultimately, The film is a love story that could be seen as an allegory for racial and class unity, as their love transcends class and race barriers.'] ['The once-successful steel mills of Sheffield, South Yorkshire, have shut down and most of the employees have been laid off. Former steel workers Gary "Gaz" Schofield and Dave Horsefall have resorted to stealing scrap metal from the abandoned mills to sell. Gaz is facing trouble from his ex-wife, Mandy, over child support payments that he\'s failed to make since losing his job. Gaz\'s son, Nathan, loves his father but wishes they could do more "normal stuff" in their time together. One day, Gaz spots a crowd of women lined up outside a local club to see a Chippendale\'s striptease act. He gets the idea to form his own strip tease group using local men in hopes of making enough money to pay off his child support obligations. The first to join the group is Lomper, a security guard at Harrison\'s, the steel mill where Dave and Gaz once worked. After finally being laid off, Lomper attempts to commit suicide, but is rescued by Dave who convinces him to join the group. Next they recruit Gerald Cooper, a former manager at the plant, who has been hiding from his wife the fact that he\'s been laid off. Gaz and Dave see Gerald and his wife, Linda, at a dance class and recruit him to teach them some actual dance moves. The four men hold an open audition to recruit more members and settle on Horse, an older man who is nevertheless a good dancer, and Guy, who can\'t dance but proves to be well-endowed when he exposes himself to the four men, and even Nathan. When they are approached by local women who have heard of their show, Gaz declares that their show will be better than the Chippendales dancers because they\'ll go "the Full Monty" and remove all their clothes. With not much left to lose, and a sold-out show, the men decide to go for it for one night. Dave, having re-gained his confidence with help from his wife, Jean, joins the rest of the group minutes before they go on stage. However, Gaz himself refuses to do it because there are men in the audience, even when Nathan, who has secretly come, tells him that his ex-wife was there. Nathan later forces his hand and Gaz, proud of his son, performs in front of the audience and Mandy who seems to see him in a new light. The film ends with the group on stage in front of a packed house, stripping to Tom Jones\' version of You Can Leave Your Hat On .'] ['The President of the United States  nominates Robert A. Leffingwell  as United States Secretary of State. The second-term President, who is ill, has chosen him because he does not believe that Vice President Harley Hudson &mdash;whom both he and others usually ignore&mdash;will successfully continue the administration\'s foreign policy should he die. Leffingwell\'s nomination is controversial within the United States Senate which, using its advice and consent powers, must either approve or reject the appointment. Both the President\'s party, the majority, and the minority are divided. Majority Leader Bob Munson , the senior senator from Michigan, loyally supports the nominee despite his doubts, as do the hard working Majority Whip Stanley Danta  of Connecticut and womanizer Lafe Smith  of Rhode Island. Demagogic peace advocate Fred Van Ackerman  of Wyoming is especially supportive. Although also of the majority party, President pro tempore and "curmudgeon" Seabright "Seeb" Cooley  of South Carolina dislikes Leffingwell for both personal and professional reasons, and leads the opposition. The Senate Foreign Relations Committee appoints a subcommittee, chaired by majority member Brigham Anderson ([[Don Murray  of Utah, to evaluate the nominee. The young and devoted family man is undecided on Leffingwell. Cooley dramatically introduces a surprise witness, Herbert Gelman . The minor Treasury clerk testifies that he was briefly in a Communist cell with Leffingwell and two others at the University of Chicago. Leffingwell denies the charge and effectively questions Gelman\'s credibility, but later tells the President that he had committed perjury and that Gelman was essentially correct. He asks the President to withdraw his nomination, but he refuses. Cooley identifies another member of the cell, senior Treasury official Hardiman Fletcher. He forces him to confess to Anderson, who tells Munson. Despite personal lobbying by the President, the subcommittee chairman insists that the White House withdraw the nomination due to Leffingwell\'s perjury or he will subpoena Fletcher to testify. The President angrily refuses but the majority leader admits that the White House will soon have to nominate another candidate. Anderson delays his committee\'s report on Leffingwell but the President sends Fletcher out of the country, angering the senator. Anderson and his wife  receive anonymous phone calls from Van Ackerman\'s men warning that, unless the subcommittee reports favorably on Leffingwell, information about what happened with "Ray" in Hawaii will appear. A worried Anderson visits a fellow Army veteran, Ray Shaff, in New York. Shaff admits that he sold evidence of a past homosexual relationship between the two. Hudson, Anderson\'s friend Smith, and others attempt to counsel the troubled chairman but, unable to reconcile his duty and his secret, Anderson commits suicide. The President denies to Munson and Hudson knowing about the blackmail. He tells the majority leader that he is dying and that Leffingwell\'s confirmation is vital. Munson criticizes Cooley for opposing the nominee but not exposing Fletcher, forcing Anderson to bear the pressure alone. Anderson\'s death, nonetheless, permits the subcommittee and the Foreign Relations Committee to proceed with the nomination. Both report favorably to the full Senate. In the Senate Chamber Cooley apologizes for his "vindictiveness". While he will vote against Leffingwell and his "alien voice", the senator will not ask others to follow. Munson, moved by Cooley\'s action, cites the "tragic circumstances" surrounding the confirmation. Although the majority leader will vote for Leffingwell, he will permit a conscience vote from others. Hudson\'s quorum call and the majority leader\'s refusal to yield the floor prevent Van Ackerman from speaking, and Munson asks for the "Yeas and Nays", ending debate. The majority leader tells the senator that were it not for the Andersons\' privacy the Senate would censure and expel him. Van Ackerman angrily leaves the chamber before the vote. Munson\'s side is slightly ahead until Smith unexpectedly votes against Leffingwell and the majority leader prepares for the Vice President to break the tie in the nominee\'s favor. Secret Service agents enter the chamber and Hudson receives a message from the Senate Chaplain. He announces that he will not break the tie, causing the nomination to fail, and that the President has died during the vote. As he leaves with the Secret Service, Hudson tells Munson that he wants to choose his own Secretary of State. The film ends as Munson makes a motion to adjourn due to the former president\'s death.'] ['Gerald Tilson, a finance executive, finds himself thrown out by his wife when she discovers women\'s underwear in their flat; in fact the clothes belong to him. He takes lodgings with Monica, who gradually discovers his alter ego, "Geraldine". A subplot deals with his boss\' plan to defraud their Japanese clients, and how the couple thwart it.'] ['David  is a well-known artist who is blocked. He decides to take a job as a waiter to try to find inspiration. His friend and roommate Shannon , a pre-op male-to-female transsexual, stumbles across the Main St. Diner, owned by Matt  and Violet , who are looking for a waiter. David gets hired and quickly becomes close with the couple although they don\'t know of his standing in the art community and are surprised to learn that he\'s gay. David\'s friend Kryla , a columnist for the Winnipeg Tribune, tracks David down at the diner against his wishes. An annoyed David demands that she write up the diner in her column, which she does. The diner\'s business picks up considerably. Shannon, whose sex reassignment surgery has been repeatedly delayed because of her HIV-positive status, begins to become ill. David has a painting installed and Kryla gets his photo in the paper. Matt and Violet see the photo and realize that he\'s famous. David and Matt start hanging out. Matt, who had tried his hand at drawing comic books, pesters David to show him his paintings but David resists. Matt confesses that he had once fallen in love with another man in college although he hadn\'t acted on it. David, finding himself drawn to Matt, paints him nude . He tells Matt that there\'s a painting he needs to see. Matt comes to David\'s place and sees the painting. He becomes aroused and the two begin an affair. David paints two more portraits of Matt, who still doesn\'t actually pose. Kryla and Shannon hail them as his best work and entreat him to exhibit them but Matt, nervous about how Violet would react, makes him promise not to. Each also tells the other that he loves him. They keep the relationship secret, though, especially in the face of the vehement disapproval Kryla expresses to David at the idea of his sleeping with a married man. Kryla soon discovers the affair when she walks in on David and Matt having sex. A panicked Matt tells David that he lied about loving him and flees. In the aftermath of the affair, Shannon convinces David to break his promise and exhibit the paintings. He does so under the title "Straightman." When Matt learns of the show he confronts David, first threatening to destroy the paintings and then offering himself again sexually. David contemptuously dismisses him. Matt tells Violet about the paintings and about the affair and admits that he is in love with David. She demands a divorce. Shannon, who has grown progressively more ill, decides to take her life. As she dies, David runs into Kryla at a bar and they have a bitter fight. Violet attends the opening but merely tells David that the paintings are very good. As she\'s leaving Matt arrives and she refuses to give him another chance. After the opening Matt again approaches David who also rebuffs him. At film\'s end, Violet sells the Main St. Diner and Matt has left town. David has also decided to leave. He and Kryla reconcile.'] ['The film starts with Monti Ward , a male prostitute, dead in a jacuzzi. Then in a voice over, Monti describes the circumstances that led to his fate. Jürgen Anger , a writer from Europe, is in California researching a book on gay prostitution and pornographic scene in Hollywood. While touring on the Santa Monica Boulevard, he meets Monti hustling on the street and develops a crush on him. Throughout the movie we discover various facets of Monti, including committing a hit and run, crippling a fellow hustler named Eigil . Jürgen unsuccessfully follows the devastatingly handsome rent-boy. As Jurgen continues his pursuit of the young man, the film follows Monti through his typical routine of various sordid and bizarre encounters with hustlers, johns and pornographers.'] ['Dark Smith  is an alienated, 18-year-old man struggling with daily life, fluctuating romantic status with his bisexual, polyamorous girlfriend Mel  and conflicting feelings for a shy gay classmate, Montgomery . The day starts off normally enough with Dark meeting up with his friends which include the intelligent Dingbat , Montgomery, Mel and her purple-haired, acid-tongued lesbian lover Lucifer  for breakfast at their local coffeehouse hangout, The Hole. Various mentions of a party at Jujyfruit\'s along with plans for a drug-fueled game of kick the can are made and the film segues into portions of the goings-on of the lives of the other characters in the film. As all of these plot lines develop, the story progresses towards the oft-mentioned party at Jujyfruit\'s house. A bacchanalian orgy of excess, drinking and drugs. Here the film descends from the innocuous and normal beginning with natural lighting and balanced visuals to very sureal, sharply contrasted and/or colored lighting, and seemingly hallucinatory visions and surrealistic visuals and events as well as chaotic and improbable happenings and reaches a chaotic finale where some of the issues come to a head. Dark and Mel argue about her desire to have an open relationship and Dark\'s desire for commitment. Zero and Zoe are ambushed by the Atari Gang on their way to Jujyfruit\'s house and their car, belonging to Zero\'s mother, is stolen while they are left helpless on the side of the road. Egg and Bart, separately watching the same televangelist , both decide the world is too messed up to live in and they commit suicide to reach heaven. Ducky receives word of his sister\'s death and attempts to drown himself in a swimming pool, but is saved by Dark and Dingbat. Bart\'s drug dealer Handjob is beaten to death by Elvis for selling them cut drugs, and Dark, covered in blood from his proximity to it, returns home, where Montgomery, who claims that he escaped from aliens that had abducted him during the game of kick the can, comes to Dark\'s window and asks if he can come in. The pair discuss their mutual attraction for one another and Montgomery asks Dark if he can spend the night. Dark agrees but makes Montgomery promise he will never leave him. They are seen in a momentary loving embrace before Montgomery begins uncontrollably coughing. As Dark shakes him to try to get him to stop, Montgomery explodes in a shower of flesh and blood and a cockroach-like alien who had apparently been using him as a host, turns to Dark and says, "I\'m outta here," before crawling out the window, leaving Dark covered in blood and staring at the camera while the credits begin to roll.'] [' At an awards dinner, Eve Harrington &nbsp;— the newest and brightest star on Broadway&nbsp;— is being presented the Sarah Siddons Award for her breakout performance as Cora in Footsteps on the Ceiling. Theatre critic Addison DeWitt  observes the proceedings and, in a sardonic voiceover, recalls how Eve\'s star rose as quickly as it did. The film flashes back a year. Margo Channing  is one of the biggest stars on Broadway, but despite her success she is bemoaning her age, having just turned forty and knowing what that will mean for her career. After a performance one night, Margo\'s close friend Karen Richards , wife of the play\'s author Lloyd Richards , meets besotted fan Eve Harrington in the cold alley outside the stage door. Recognizing her from having passed her many times in the alley , Karen takes her backstage to meet Margo. Eve tells the group gathered in Margo\'s dressing room&nbsp;— Karen and Lloyd, Margo\'s boyfriend Bill Sampson , a director who is eight years her junior, and Margo\'s maid Birdie &nbsp;— that she followed Margo\'s last theatrical tour to New York after seeing her in a play in San Francisco. She tells a moving and involving story of a difficult life, including losing her young husband in the recent war. She is becomingly humble and flattering in her idolization of Margo. In response, Margo quickly befriends Eve, moves her into her home, and takes her on as her assistant, leaving Birdie, who instinctively dislikes Eve, feeling put out.  While maintaining a seamless outward appearance of humility and of a desire only to serve, Eve is gradually shown to be working to supplant Margo, scheming to become her understudy behind her back  and conspiring with an unsuspecting Karen to cause Margo to miss a performance. Eve, knowing in advance that she will be the one appearing that night, invites the city\'s theatre critics to attend that evening\'s performance, which is a triumph for her. Eve tries to seduce Bill, but he rejects her. Following a scathing newspaper column by Addison, Margo and Bill reconcile, dine with the Richardses, and decide to marry. That same night at the restaurant, Eve blackmails Karen into telling Lloyd to give her the part of Cora, by threatening to tell Margo of Karen\'s role in Margo\'s missed performance. Before Karen can talk with Lloyd, Margo announces to everyone\'s surprise that she does not wish to play Cora and would prefer to continue in Aged in Wood. Eve secures the role and attempts to climb higher by using Addison, who is beginning to doubt her. Just before the premiere of her play at the Shubert in New Haven, Eve presents Addison with her next plan: to marry Lloyd, who, she claims, has come to her professing his love and his eagerness to leave his wife for her. Now, Eve exults, Lloyd will write brilliant plays showcasing her. Addison is infuriated that Eve has attempted to use him and reveals that he knows that her back story is all lies. Her real name is Gertrude Slojinski, and she is no war widow, no orphan, no follower of Margo\'s tour. Before meeting Margo, she had been paid to leave town over her affair with her boss, a brewer in Wisconsin. Addison blackmails Eve, informing her that she will not be marrying Lloyd or anyone else; in exchange for Addison\'s silence, she now "belongs" to him. The film returns to the opening scene in which Eve, now a shining Broadway star headed for Hollywood, is presented with her award. In her speech, she thanks Margo and Bill and Lloyd and Karen with characteristic effusion, while all four stare back at her coldly. After the awards ceremony, Eve hands her award to Addison, skips a party in her honor, and returns home alone, where she encounters a young fan—a high-school girl—who has slipped into her apartment and fallen asleep. The young girl professes her adoration and begins at once to insinuate herself into Eve\'s life, offering to pack Eve\'s trunk for Hollywood and being accepted. "Phoebe" , as she calls herself, answers the door to find Addison returning with Eve\'s award. In a revealing moment, the young girl flirts daringly with the older man. Addison hands over the award to Phoebe and leaves without entering. Phoebe then lies to Eve, telling her it was only a cab driver who dropped off the award. While Eve rests in the other room, Phoebe dons Eve\'s elegant costume robe and poses in front of a multi-paned mirror, holding the award as if it were a crown. The mirrors transform Phoebe into multiple images of herself, and she bows regally, as if accepting the award to thunderous applause, while triumphant music plays.'] ['Joe Gideon is a theatre director and choreographer trying to balance work on his latest Broadway musical with editing a Hollywood film he has directed. He is a workaholic who chain-smokes cigarettes and "chain-sleeps" with his dancers. Without a daily dose of Vivaldi, Visine, Alka-Seltzer, Dexedrine and sex, he wouldn\'t have the energy to keep up the biggest "show" of all — his life. His girlfriend Katie Jagger, his ex-wife Audrey Paris, and daughter Michelle try to pull him back from the brink, but it is too late for his exhausted body and stress-ravaged heart. Decades of overwork and constant stress have gotten to Gideon. In his imagination, he flirts with an angel of death named Angelique. Gideon\'s condition gets progressively worse. He is rushed to a hospital with chest pains after a particularly stressful script rehearsal  and admitted with severe attacks of angina. Joe brushes off his symptoms, and attempts to leave to go back to rehearsal, but he collapses in the doctor\'s office and is ordered to stay in the hospital for three to four weeks to rest his heart and recover from his exhaustion. The show is postponed, but Gideon continues his antics from the hospital bed. Champagne flows, endless strings of women frolic around his hospital room and the cigarettes are always lit. Cardiogram readings don\'t show any improvement - Gideon is playing with death. As the paltry reviews for his feature film  come in, Gideon has a massive coronary and is taken straight to coronary artery bypass surgery. The backers for the Broadway show must decide now whether it\'s time to pack up or replace Gideon as the director. Their matter-of-fact money-oriented negotiations with the insurers are juxtaposed with graphic scenes of  open heart surgery. The producers realize that the best way to recoup their money and make a profit, is to bet on Gideon dying — which would bring in a profit of over USD$500,000. Meanwhile, elements from Gideon\'s past life are staged in dazzling dream sequences of musical numbers he directs from his hospital bed while on life support. Realizing his death is imminent, his mortality unconquerable, Gideon has another heart attack. In the glittery finale, he goes through the five stages of death — anger, denial, bargaining, depression and acceptance - featured in the stand-up routine he has been editing. As death closes in on Gideon, the fantasy episodes become more hallucinatory and extravagant and in a final epilogue that is set up as a truly monumental live variety show featuring everyone from his past, Gideon himself takes center stage.'] ["The story takes place in and around Paris, France in 1931. The story told is one of a love triangle between the Millers and Anaïs Nin . She is in a stable relationship with Hugo , but longs for more out of life. When Anaïs Nin first meets Henry Miller , she sees in him a rough man from New York. He has a talent for literature and is working on his first book. Nin sees Henry and his wife June  as having a liberating, bohemian lifestyle that she is drawn to. Nin becomes involved in the couple's tormented relationship, having an affair with Henry and also pursuing June. Ultimately, Nin helps Henry to publish his novel, Tropic of Cancer, but catalyzes the Millers' separation, while she returns to her husband Hugo."] ['The story may not be linear and exhibits several instances of temporal disruption. A dark-haired woman  escapes her own murder, surviving a car accident on Mulholland Drive. Injured and in shock, she descends into Los Angeles and sneaks into an apartment which an older, red-headed woman has just vacated. An aspiring actress named Betty Elms  arrives at the same apartment and finds the dark-haired woman confused, not knowing her own name. The dark-haired woman assumes the name "Rita" after seeing a poster for the film Gilda , starring Rita Hayworth. To help Rita remember her identity, Betty looks in Rita\'s purse, where she finds a large amount of money and an unusual blue key. In a diner called Winkies, a man tells his companion about a nightmare in which he dreamt there was a horrible figure behind the diner. When they investigate, the figure appears, causing the man with the nightmare to collapse in fright. A Hollywood director named Adam Kesher  has his film commandeered by apparent mobsters, who insist he cast an unknown actress named Camilla Rhodes  as the lead in his film. After he resists, he returns home to find his wife having an affair and is thrown out of his house. He later learns that his bank has closed his line of credit and he is broke. He agrees to meet a mysterious figure called The Cowboy, who urges him to cast Camilla Rhodes for his own good. Later, a bungling hit man  attempts to steal a book full of phone numbers and leaves three people dead. Trying to learn more about Rita\'s accident, Betty and Rita go to Winkies and are served by a waitress named Diane, which causes Rita to remember the name "Diane Selwyn". They find Diane Selwyn in the phone book and call her, but she does not answer. Betty goes to an audition, where her performance is highly praised. A casting agent takes her to the set of a film called The Sylvia North Story, directed by Adam, where Camilla Rhodes gives an audition and Adam declares, "This is the girl." Betty flees before she can meet Adam, saying that she needs to meet a friend. Betty and Rita go to Diane Selwyn\'s apartment and break in when no one answers the door. In the bedroom they find the body of a woman who has been dead for several days. Terrified, they return to their apartment, where Rita disguises herself with a blonde wig. The two women have sex that night and awake at 2 a.m., when Rita insists they go to an eerie theater called Club Silencio. On stage, a man explains in several languages that everything is an illusion; a woman begins singing then collapses, although her vocals continue. Betty finds a blue box in her purse that matches Rita\'s key. Upon returning to the apartment, Rita retrieves the key and finds that Betty has disappeared. Rita unlocks the box, and it falls to the floor with a thump. The older red-headed woman investigates the sound, but nothing is there. The Cowboy appears in the doorway of Diane Selwyn\'s bedroom saying, "Hey, pretty girl. Time to wake up." Diane Selwyn  wakes up in her bed. She looks exactly like Betty, but is portrayed as a failed actress driven into a deep depression by her unrequited love for Camilla Rhodes . On Camilla\'s invitation, Diane attends a party at Adam\'s house on Mulholland Drive. Her limousine stops before they reach the house and Camilla escorts her using a shortcut. Adam appears to be in love with Camilla. Over dinner, Diane states that she came to Hollywood when her aunt died, and she met Camilla at an audition for The Sylvia North Story. Another woman  kisses Camilla and they turn and smile at Diane. Adam and Camilla prepare to make an important announcement, and dissolve into laughter and kiss while Diane watches, crying. Diane meets with the hit man at Winkies, where she gives him Camilla\'s photo and a large amount of money, and they are served by a waitress named Betty. The hit man tells Diane that when the job is done, she will find a blue key. Diane asks what, if anything, the key opens, but the hit man just laughs. Diane looks up and sees the man who had the nightmare standing at the counter. Back at her apartment, with the key on a table in front of her, she is terrorized by hallucinations. She runs screaming to her bed, where she shoots herself. A woman at the club whispers "Silencio".'] ["The story of eight male friends who spend the three major holiday weekends of one summer - Memorial Day, the Fourth of July, and Labor Day - together at a house in upstate New York. The house belongs to Gregory, a successful Broadway choreographer now approaching middle age, who fears he is losing his creativity; and his twenty-something lover, Bobby, a legal assistant who happens to be blind. Each of the guests at their house is connected to Gregory’s work in one way or another - Arthur and longtime partner Perry are business consultants; John Jeckyll, a sour and promiscuous Englishman, is a dance accompanist; die-hard musical theater fanatic Buzz Hauser is a costume designer and the most stereotypically gay man in the group. Only John's summer lover, Ramon, and John's twin brother James are outside the circle of friends. But Ramon is outgoing and eventually makes a place for himself in the group, and James is such a gentle soul that he is quickly welcomed. Infidelity, flirtations, soul-searching, AIDS, truth-telling and skinny-dipping mix monumental questions about life and death with a wacky dress rehearsal for Swan Lake performed in drag."] ['The film follows the story of Jamie, a struggling butch lesbian actress who gets cast as a man in a film. The main plot is a romantic comedy between Jamie\'s male alter-ego, "Male Jamie," and Jill, a heterosexual woman on set. The film\'s subplots include Jamie\'s bisexual roommate Lola and her cat actor Howard, Lola\'s abrasive butch German girlfriend Andi, and Jamie\'s gay Asian friend David.<ref name67&id=15594 GayWired.com - Outfest Days Eight & Nine]'] ['The film opens on a graffiti-covered wall with Encolpio ([[Martin Potter  lamenting the loss of his lover Gitone ([[Max Born  to Ascilto . Vowing to win him back, he learns at the Thermae that Ascilto sold Gitone to the actor Vernacchio . At the theatre, he discovers Vernacchio and Gitone performing in a lewd play based on the "emperor\'s miracle": a slave\'s hand is axed off and replaced with a gold one. Encolpio storms the stage and reclaims Gitone. On their return to Encolpio\'s home in the Insula Felicles, a Roman tenement building, they walk through the vast Roman brothel known as the Lupanare, observing numerous sensual scenes. They fall asleep after making love at Encolpio\'s place. Ascilto sneaks into the room, waking Encolpio with a whiplash. Since both share the tenement room, Encolpio proposes they divide up their property and separate. Ascilto mockingly suggests they split Gitone in half. Encolpio is driven to suicidal despair, however, when Gitone decides to leave with Ascilto. At that moment, an earthquake destroys the tenement. Encolpio meets the poet Eumolpus at the art museum. The elderly poet blames current corruption on the mania for money and invites his young friend to a banquet held at the villa of Trimalchio , a wealthy freeman, and his wife Fortunata . Eumolpus\'s declamation of poetry is met with catcalls and thrown food. While Fortunata performs a frantic dance, the bored Trimalchio turns his attention to two very young boys. Scandalized, Fortunata berates her husband who attacks her then has her covered in gizzards and gravy. Fancying himself a poet, Trimalchio recites one of his finer poems whereupon Eumolpo accuses him of stealing verses from Lucretius. Enraged, Trimalchio orders the poet to be tortured by his slaves in the villa\'s huge kitchen furnace. The guests are then invited to visit Trimalchio\'s tomb where he enacts his own death in an ostentatious ceremony. The story of the Matron of Ephesus is recounted, the first of the stories within a story in the film.Bondanella, 260 Encolpio finally leaves the villa, helping the limping, beaten Eumolpo to drink water from a pool in a tilled field. In return for his kindness, Eumolpo bequeaths the spirit of poetry to his young friend. Encolpio, Gitone, and Ascilto are imprisoned on the pirate ship of Lichas, a middle-aged merchant in the emperor\'s service. Lichas selects Encolpio for a Greco-Roman wrestling match and quickly subdues him. Smitten by his beauty, Lichas takes Encolpio as his spouse in a wedding ceremony blessed by his wife, Trifena. The seasons pass. Rebel soldiers under the new Caesar overthrow Caesar, the boy emperor, who is forced to kill himself. Later, the soldiers board the ship and behead Lichas under Trifena\'s satisfied gaze. Violent political discord is evoked in a montage sequence of Roman armies on the march. To escape the new emperor, the owner of a patrician villa sets his slaves free and commits suicide with his wife. That night, Encolpio and Ascilto discover the abandoned villa and make love with an African slave girl who has stayed behind. Fleeing the villa when soldiers on horseback arrived in the courtyard to burn the patrician corpses, the two friends reach a desert. Ascilto placates a nymphomaniac\'s demands in a covered wagon while Encolpio waits outside, listening to the woman\'s servant discuss a hermaphrodite demi-god reputed to possess healing powers at the Temple of Ceres. With the aid of a mercenary, they kill two men and kidnap the hermaphrodite in the hope of obtaining a ransom. Once exposed to the desert sun, however, the hermaphrodite sickens and dies of thirst. Enraged, the mercenary tries to murder his two companions but is overpowered and killed. Captured by soldiers, Encolpio is released in a labyrinth and forced to play Theseus to a gladiator\'s Minotaur for the amusement of spectators at the festival of Momus, the God of Laughter. When the gladiator spares Encolpio\'s life because of his well-spoken words of mercy, the festival rewards the young man with Ariadne, a sensual woman with whom he must copulate as the crowd looks on. Impotent, Encolpio is publicly humiliated by Ariadne. Eumolpo offers to take him to the Garden of Delights where prostitutes are said to effect a cure for his impotence but the treatment - gentle whipping of the buttocks - fails miserably. In the second of the stories within a story in the film, the owner of the Garden of Delights narrates the tale of Enotea to Encolpio. For having rejected his advances, a sorcerer curses a beautiful young woman: she must spend her days kindling fires for the village\'s hearths from her genitalia. Inspired, Encolpio and Ascilto hire a boatman to take them to Enotea\'s home. Greeted by an old woman who has him drink a potion, Encolpio falls under a spell where his sexual prowess is restored to him by Enotea in the form of an Earth Mother figure and sorceress. When Ascilto is murdered in a field by the boatman, Encolpio decides to join Eumolpo\'s ship bound for North Africa. But Eumolpo has died in the meantime, leaving as his heirs all those willing to eat his corpse. Encolpio hasn\'t the stomach for this last and bitter mockery but is nonetheless invited by the captain to board the ship. In a voice-over, Encolpio explains that he set sail with the captain and his crew. His words end in mid-sentence, however, as a distant island appears on the horizon and the film then abruptly cuts to frescoes of the film\'s characters on a crumbling wall.'] ["After a series of murders in Los Angeles's gay community, heterosexual police Sgt. Benson  is assigned to go undercover as half of a gay couple with Officer Kerwin , a Records Clerk. Everyone in the Department knows he is gay although he thinks he's closeted. The pair discover an earlier murder and learn that both victims appeared in the same gay magazine. Each had received a call from a hoarse-voiced man asking them to model for him, only to turn up dead soon after. Benson models for the magazine and is approached by the same hoarse-voiced man; but, when another model turns up dead, the man is cleared as a suspect. Benson grows close to Jill, the photographer of his shoot, and plans a weekend getaway with her. Kerwin suspects her of the murders, but his superiors put it down to jealousy. Kerwin uncovers evidence implicating Jill; but, when the police move to apprehend her, they discover her corpse. Her death unknown to Benson, he arrives for his rendezvous with Jill; and Kerwin races to his aid. Jill's killer, a closeted man whom Jill and one of the victims were blackmailing, admits to Benson that he killed Jill and two of the men but insists that Jill killed her partner in crime. Realizing that Kerwin is outside, the killer fires on Kerwin who returns fire. Kerwin is wounded, but the other man is killed."] ["The Cantones are a bourgeois family who own a pasta factory in Lecce in the conservative Southern Italy. One of the two sons, Tommaso , returns from his studies in Rome and hopes to make the most of a family reunion to reveal his homosexuality. Tommaso discusses his plans with his elder brother, Antonio , and also tells him about his desire to break away from the family business to become a writer in Rome. During a dinner with the Brunetti family, with whom the Cantones are in business, just as Tommaso is about to share his news, Antonio interrupts and reveals to everyone that he himself is homosexual. Mr Cantone , the brothers' father, takes the news badly and is admitted to hospital. Rejecting Antonio, Mr Cantone decides to place Tommaso in charge of the family business. Tommaso changes his mind about revealing his homosexuality, as he thinks it could kill his father, and accepts. Life is made more difficult for Tommaso when his boyfriend, Marco , decides to visit him at his family home along with various other friends from Rome."] ['An unknown future. A boy confesses to the murder of another in an all-boy juvenile detention facility. The story follows two detectives trying to uncover the case. Sexual tension and explosive violence drive the story which delivers some weird and fascinating visuals.'] ['Monique  is a French au pair who goes to work for Jean  and her husband Bill . She takes time to care for the children before getting to know husband and wife intimately. Bill soon notices his wife has becomes more sexually aroused. After Bill sleeps with Monique, he comes home one day to discover the two women in bed together.'] ["Sydney , age 24, is a woman who has her whole life mapped out in front of her. Living with longtime boyfriend James, and working her way up at the respected high-art photography magazine Frame, Syd has desires and frustrations that seem typical and manageable. But when a crack in her ceiling springs a leak and Syd finds herself knocking on the door of her upstairs neighbor, a chance meeting suddenly takes her on a new path. Opening the door to an uncharted world for Syd is Lucy Berliner, a renowned photographer, enchanting, elusive, and curiously retired. Now 40, Lucy lives with her once glamorous, heroin-addicted German girlfriend Greta, and plays host to a collection of hard-living party kids. Before Syd's caught her breath, she's caught Lucy's fascination and is drawn into the center of Lucy's strangely alluring life upstairs. Syd mentions Lucy to her bosses  but they remain uninterested until they realise exactly who Lucy is. At a lunch, Lucy agrees to work for the magazine as long as Syd is her editor. Soon a working relationship develops between the two and a project is underway which promises a second chance for Lucy's career. But as Syd and Lucy's collaboration draws them closer together, their working relationship turns sexual and the lines between love and professionalism suddenly blur. As Syd slowly discovers the darker truths of Lucy's life on the edge, she is forced to confront her own hunger for recognition and the uncertain rewards of public esteem."] ["A homeless schizophrenic , thinks he's an alien zombie sent to earth. Roaming the streets of Los Angeles in search of dead bodies, he tries to bring the dead back to life by engaging in homosexual sex."] ['Evie Harris  is a washed-up, alcoholic, aging C-List actress (star of kinetoscope, stage, television, and film in such works as the TV special "Christmas Evie," vaudeville-era appearances promoting \'Dr. Vim\'s Miracle Elixir,\' "Court TV: Celebrities Who Kill," [[Tabitha . She lives in a tackily out-of-style bungalow with Coco , a homely, lonely, doormat of a spinster who carries a torch for the handsome young doctor who performed her abortion years ago. Evie\'s life is turned upside-down by the arrival of a new roommate, Varla Simonds , the voracious, starry-eyed daughter of Evie\'s rival, late actress Marla Simonds . Evie acts very competitive around Varla, especially as she recognizes the growing chemistry between the young up-and-comer and her sweet, handsome and microscopically endowed son and "ambulance chasing" lawyer, Stevie . When Varla snags a plum starring role in commercials for "Bizzy Gal dinners," tensions and jealousies amongst the three women reach a boiling point and treachery soon rears its ugly head.'] ['In June 1983, in Dutchess County, New York, Sebastian Cole joins his mother, stepfather, and sister for dinner where Hank, Sebastian\'s stepfather, drops a bomb: he announces that he is having a sex change operation. Sebastian\'s sister, Jessica, leaves immediately for California, and his mother, Joan, takes him back to England. Eight months later, Sebastian is back in New York, knocking on Hank\'s door. Hank  takes Sebastian in and supports him over the next few months of high school. Sebastian\'s "adventures" are mostly self-destructive.'] ['In 1957 suburban Connecticut, Cathy Whitaker , appears to be the perfect wife, mother, and homemaker. Cathy is married to Frank , a successful executive at Magnatech, a company selling television advertising. One evening Cathy receives a phone call from the local police who are holding her husband. He says it\'s all a mix up but they won\'t let him leave alone. Cathy is preparing for her annual party with her best friend, Eleanor Fine . One day Cathy spies an unknown black man walking through her yard. He turns out to be Raymond Deagan , the son of Cathy\'s late gardener. Frank finds himself forced to stay late at the office, swamped with work. One evening, however, he enters an underground bar filled with single men. One night when Frank is working late, Cathy decides to bring his dinner to him at the office. She walks in on him passionately kissing another man. Frank confesses having had "problems" as a young man, and agrees to sign up for conversion therapy. His relationship with Cathy is irreparably strained, however; and he turns to alcohol. Meanwhile, Cathy starts becoming better acquainted with Raymond. One night, after a party, Frank attempts to make love to Cathy. He is unable to become aroused and strikes Cathy when she tries to console him. Cathy finds herself completely unable to comprehend the destruction of her marriage. As she sees her once-idyllic world begin to fall apart, she turns to Raymond for comfort. He takes her on a ride to his part of the town where she meets other black people. At a gas station, they are sighted together by one of Cathy\'s neighbors, who immediately tells everyone. The town is soon ablaze with gossip about the two of them. After her husband comes home furious, Cathy unwillingly breaks off her blossoming friendship with Raymond. Over Christmas, Cathy takes her family on a vacation to Miami to take their minds off of things. At the hotel, Frank has another sexual encounter with a young man. Unable to suppress his desires, he seeks a divorce from Cathy. Cathy is later informed by their maid Sybil  that Raymond\'s daughter was attacked by three white boys. Cathy comes to their home to find them packing up and moving to Baltimore. Now that Cathy is to be single, she presents the opportunity for them to be together. Raymond declines. "I\'ve learned my lesson about mixing the two worlds," he says. In the last scene, Cathy goes to the train station to see off Raymond and say her silent goodbye to him.'] ['A group of junkies, alcoholics and drag queens lead dead-end lives, an existence of drugs, crime and violence in a working class Brooklyn neighborhood.'] [' The first part of the film begins with a narrator called The Scientist  making cryptic comments about humanity. The film proper opens with Inspector Warren finding the corpse of a male transvestite named Patrick/Patricia, who has committed suicide. Wanting to know more about cross-dressing, Warren seeks out Dr. Alton, who narrates for him the story of Glen/Glenda. However, at several points Alton appears to address the viewer rather than Inspector Warren, and the unclear role of the Scientist as narrator makes things even more confusing. Glen is shown studying women\'s clothes in a shop window. Dr. Alton points out that men\'s clothes are dull and restrictive, whereas women can adorn themselves with attractive clothing. Glen reads about sex change operations in a newspaper, then meets with Barbara, his girlfriend, who asks if Glen\'s secret problem is another woman. The film then cuts to the infamous shot of the Scientist shouting "Pull the string!" as bison stampede onscreen. It is not clear what this is meant to mean; perhaps that Glen should act as puppeteer, controlling his own life instead of letting others dictate it. Another transvestite friend of his, John, tells Glen how cross-dressing ended his marriage. A bizarre dream sequence, containing some BDSM vignettes full of flagellation and bondage, reminiscent of the fetish films of Irving Klaw, follows. Glen then decides to tell Barbara the truth. She offers her an angora sweater as a sign of acceptance.'] ['Thymian Henning , the innocent, naive daughter of pharmacist Robert Henning , is puzzled when their housekeeper, Elisabeth , leaves suddenly on the day of Thymian\'s confirmation. It turns out that her father got Elisabeth pregnant. Elisabeth\'s body is brought to the pharmacy later that day, an apparent suicide by drowning, upsetting Thymian. Thymian\'s father\'s assistant Meinert , promises to explain it all to her late that night, but instead takes advantage of her; she gives birth to an illegitimate child.{{Cite book}} Though Thymian refuses to name the baby\'s father, the relatives find out from her diary. They decide that the best solution is for her to marry Meinert. When she refuses because she does not love him, they give the baby to a midwife and send her to a strict reformatory for wayward girls run by a tyrannical woman  and her tall, bald assistant . Meanwhile, Thymian\'s friend, Count Osdorff , is cast off and left penniless by his rich uncle, also Count Osdorff , after he proves unsuccessful at every school and trade. Thymian begs her friend to persuade her father to take her back, but Thymian\'s father has married his new housekeeper, Meta , and Meta wants no rivals. Rebelling against the reformatory\'s rigid discipline, Thymian and her friend Erika  escape with Osdorff\'s help. When Thymian goes to see her baby, she is told the child has just died. After despondently wandering the streets, she re-unites with Erika, who is working in a small, upper-class brothel. With no skills, Thymian also becomes a prostitute. By chance, Thymian runs into her father, Meta and Meinert in a nightclub. Her father is shocked when he realizes what she has become, but Meta and Meinhert take him away. Three years later, her father dies. With the expectation of inheriting a large amount of money, she decides to start a new life. The others suggest she obtain a new identity by marrying Osdorff. After thinking about it, he agrees. At the lawyer\'s office, Meinhert buys Thymian\'s interest in the pharmacy, making her rich. However, when she learns that Meinhert is throwing the widow and her two children out on the street, Thymian gives Meta the money so that her young half-sister will not suffer her fate. Osdorff, who had been counting on the money to rebuild a life for himself too, throws himself out the window to his death when she tells him what she has done. The uncle, grief-stricken, decides to make amends by taking care of Thymian. He introduces her to his cousin as his niece, Countess Osdorff. In a strange twist of fate, she is invited to become a director of the same reformatory where she herself was once held. When an old friend is brought before the directors as an "especially difficult case", Thymian denounces the school and its "blessings" and takes her away. Count Osdorff has the last word as he is leaving: "A little more love and no-one would be lost in this world."'] ['Taking place in the Southern United States during the early 1900s to mid-1930s, the movie tells the life of a poor African American woman, Celie Harris , whose abuse begins when she is young. By the time she is fourteen, she has already had two children by her father . He takes them away from her at childbirth and forces the young Celie  to marry a wealthy young local widower Albert Johnson, known to her only as "Mister" , who treats her like a slave. Albert makes her clean up his disorderly household and take care of his unruly children. Albert beats her often, intimidating Celie into submission and near silence. Celie\'s sister Nettie  comes to live with them, and there is a brief period of happiness as the sisters spend time together and Nettie begins to teach Celie how to read. This is short-lived, however; after Nettie refuses Albert\'s predatory affections once too often, he kicks her out. Before being run off by Albert, Nettie promises to write to Celie. Albert\'s old flame, the jazz singer Shug Avery , for whom Albert has carried a torch for many years, comes to live with him and Celie. Delirious with sickness, Shug initially regards Celie  as "ugly" on their first meeting. Despite this, they eventually become close friends and Shug helps Celie raise her self-confidence. Shug and Celie also enter into an affair .{{cite news}} Celie also finds strength in Sofia , who marries Albert\'s son Harpo . Sofia has also suffered abuse from the men in her family, but unlike Celie, she refuses to tolerate it. This high-spiritedness proves to be her downfall, however, as a rude remark to the town mayor\'s wife and a retaliatory punch to the mayor himself ends with Sofia beaten and jailed. Nettie, meanwhile, has been living with missionaries in Africa and writing to Celie often. Unbeknownst to her, Albert confiscates Nettie\'s letters, telling Celie that she will never hear from her sister again. During a visit from Shug and her new husband, Grady, Celie and Shug discover many years\' worth of Nettie\'s correspondence. Reconnecting with her sister and the assurance that she is still alive helps give Celie the strength to stand up to Albert. She almost slits his throat while shaving him, but is stopped by Shug. During a family dinner, Sofia is shown to be prematurely aged and permanently disfigured due to the severe beatings she received in jail, and demoralized into an almost catatonic state. During that time, Celie finally asserts herself, excoriating Albert and his father. Shug informs Albert that she and Grady are leaving, and that Celie and Harpo\'s girlfriend Squeak  are coming with them. Despite Albert\'s attempts to verbally abuse Celie into submission, she stands up to him by mentioning that he kept Nettie away from her because Nettie was the only one who really loved her. Before she leaves him permanently, she tells him that until he does the right thing, everything he does will go wrong. After seeing Celie stand up for herself, Sofia returns to her normal self, laughing hysterically at a dumbfounded and embarrassed Albert. She also encourages Celie not to follow in her own footsteps, as Celie holds a knife to Albert\'s throat. In Tennessee, Celie opens a haberdashery selling "one size fits all" slacks. Upon the death of her father, she learns that he was, in fact, her stepfather, and that she has inherited a house and shop from her real father. She opens her second slack shop next to her home named Miss Celie\'s Pants, while Harpo and Sofia reconcile. Meanwhile, Albert is feeling the effects of Celie\'s words. His fields and home languish into almost nonexistence as he slips into alcohol-fueled idleness, spending most of his time at Harpo\'s speakeasy. At one point, his father is seen suggesting that he find a new wife, but Albert casually grabs his father by the arm and turns him off his property. Years of guilt finally catch up with him, with the knowledge that he has been a horrible person most of his life, especially to Celie. In a sudden act of kindness unknown to her, Albert takes all the money he has saved over the years, goes down to the immigration office, and arranges a family reunion with Nettie for Celie. Her children, Adam and Olivia, who were raised in Africa, are also reunited with her. Albert looks on from a distance, and Shug smiles at him because he finally did the right thing. Nettie and Celie play their childhood clapping game as the sun sets.'] ['The three intercut stories that comprise Poison are: * Hero: Seven-year-old Richie shoots his father and then flies away. The story is told in the style of an episode of a tabloid television news magazine. * Horror: Told in the style of a "psychotropic horror film" of the mid-1960s, Horror is about a scientist who isolates the "elixir of human sexuality" and, after drinking it, is transformed into a hideous murdering leper. * Homo: The story of a prisoner, John Broom, who finds himself attracted to another prisoner, Jack Bolton, whom he had known and seen humiliated as a youth in a juvenile facility. It is an adaptation of part of Genet\'s The Miracle of the Rose.'] ['{{Plot|date"Farewell My Concubine Study Notes">{{cite web}} In 1977, the year after the end of the Cultural Revolution, two men in Beijing Opera costumes, one in a female role, the other as a stage king, enter the performance hall and are greeted by a voice off camera—they haven\'t performed in twenty-two years—and a single spot light falls on them. The beginning scene, now shot in sepia, cuts to 1924, near the end of the period when the warlords ruled China. Farewell My Concubine is about the story of Dieyi and Xiaolou and how their lives are lived and affected with the Japanese invasion of China in the 1930s, the surrender of the Japanese in World War II, and in the end, the victory of the Communists in 1949. In this scene a woman walks hurriedly with a small child in her arms through a crowded Chinese market. A man, recognizing her, tries to speak to her but she roughly pushes him off as he shouts,"Whore!" A crowd is watching a troupe of boys from a Beijing opera training school perform for coins in the street, supervised by their aging director, Master Guan. One of the boys, Laizi, tries to run away, and the crowd is insulted. The leader, a possible warlord, begins pushing around Master Guan. One of the troupe, Shitou , distracts the crowd by breaking a brick on his head. The crowd cheers, but Shitou is later punished for pulling such a stunt. The mother takes the boy to the troupe house but Master Guan refuses him because of a birth defect, a superfluous finger. Throughout the scene the audience can hear a peddler calling out his skill as a knife sharpener. The mother goes and gets a sharp knife and cuts off the extra finger. She signs the contract with his thumb print in blood and leaves after giving him her robe. Shitou welcomes him as "Douzi" [Bean]. The two boys soon become good friends. A few years later. Laizi, craving freedom and candied crab apples, and Douzi escape, but return after seeing a performance by an opera master that makes Laizi weep and ask how they became stars, and how much they had to endure to become stars. Inspired, Laizi and Douzi return to the troupe, only to find Master Guan beating Shitou for allowing the escape. In the meantime, Laizi hides to quickly stuff his mouth the rest of the crab apples. Douzi walks to the beating bench to accept his punishment. Master Guan begins to beat him mercilessly, but Douzi never screams though Shitou begs him to say he is sorry. Shitou charges the master but the assistant yells for the master to come: Laizi had hanged himself. Douzi attaches himself to Shitou and is trained to play Dan  roles. He practices the monologue "Dreaming of the World Outside the Nunnery," but when he is to say, "I am by nature a girl, not a boy" he instead says "I am by nature a boy..." The monologue comes from the kunqu "The Record of an Evil Sea," kuhai  being a Buddhist term for a life of sorrow. Shitou learns the jing, a painted-face male lead. For punishment Xiaolou gets a stick and forces it into Douzi\'s mouth,{{cite news}} causing his mouth to bleed. The agent begins to leave with the future of the troupe at risk. Soon enough, after he has gargled enough of his blood, a soft whisper of, "I am by nature a girl... not a boy" spills out. He had gotten his line right and everyone cheered with happiness and a sense of relief.http://www.illuminatedlantern.com/cinema/review/archives/farewell_my_concubine.php. A while later, Douzi and Shitou perform for the Eunuch Zhang, who admired their performance and summon the boys for an audience. Shitou admires a beautiful sword in Zhang\'s collection, stating that if he were emperor, Douzi would be his queen. Douzi says that one day he hopes to give Shitou a sword like that. The boys are told Douzi is to meet Zhang alone, where he is given the sword. Douzi walks in on the old man in a lascivious embrace with a young girl. Douzi is afraid as the man eyes him up and down. He wishes to find Shitou because,"I have to pee." The old man brings a glass dragon jar, tells him to pee, stares in lusty amazement at the boy\'s body, and reaches for him. Douzi tries to flee, but Zhang pushes him to the ground. Hours later he emerges, and Shitou cannot get him to say a word. It is clear that Douzi had been traumatized. On their way home, Douzi spies a baby abandoned in the street. Master Guan urges Douzi to leave the baby, saying "we each have our own fate, or yuanfen," but Douzi takes him in and eventually Master Guan trains him. Douzi and Shitou become stars of Beijing opera and take on the stage names Cheng Dieyi and Duan Xiaolou. The adult Dieyi is in love with Xiaolou, but the sexual aspects of his affection are not returned. When they become a hit in Beijing, a patron, Yuan Shiqing, slowly courts Dieyi. Xiaolou, in the meantime, takes a liking to Juxian, a headstrong courtesan at the upscale House of Flowers. .{{citation needed}} Xiaolou intervenes when a mob of drunk men harass Juxian and conjures up a ruse to get the men to leave her alone, saying that they are announcing their engagement. Juxian later buys her freedom and, deceiving him into thinking she was thrown out, pressures Xiaolou to keep his word. When Xiaolou announces his engagement to Juxian, Dieyi and Xiaolou have a falling out. Dieyi calls her "Pan Jinlian", a "dragon lady" from the novel Golden Lotus. Dieyi takes up with Master Yuan, who gives him Zhang\'s sword. Master Guan shames them into re-forming the troupe. The complex relationship between these three characters is then tested in the succession of political upheavals that encompass China from the onset of the Second Sino-Japanese War. The film also follows the fates of Na Kun, who turns his theater troupe over to the new government after 1949, and the abandoned baby, who is trained in the female roles. He is called "Xiao Si", or "Little Fourth Brother." They go through Japanese Occupation, Kuomintang administration\'s of the mainland, the Communist revolution in 1949, the People\'s Liberation Army\'s entrance of the city, and the Cultural Revolution\'s attack of the "feudal" traditional opera.  "Xiao Si" and Douzi have an argument about "Xiao Si" training and punishment at the end of which "Xiao Si" threatens revenge. On the eve of the Cultural Revolution, Shitou and Juxian are seen burning now contraband literature and clothing. After a few drinks, they rekindle their relationship. The next scene shifts to Shitou being questioned by the Communist Party on a few unpatriotic words he said years ago and overheard by their manager. "Xiao Si" is seen in the background seemingly in a position of power. The Beijing opera troupe is taken out for questioning and offered a chance to repent. Under duress, Shitou confesses that Douzi performed for the Japanese and may have had a relationship with Yuan Shiqing. Douzi, enraged, tells the mob that Juxian was a prostitute. Shitou is forced to admit that he married a prostitute but swears that he doesn\'t love her and will never see her again for the sake of his life. Juxian is crushed to hear his words and, when given the chance to visit her, he finds her hanged. She has committed suicide from a broken heart. "Xiao Si" is seen in a gym practicing Concubine Yu\'s role, happy over having usurped Douzi\'s position. Communist cadre catch him in the act. His fate is unclear. The film then jumps back to the first scene of their reunion in 1977. Douzi and Shitou are practicing Farewell My Concubine. Their relationship seems to have mended since the tribunal and suicide of Shitou\'s wife. They exchange a smile and Shitou begins with the line that gave Douzi trouble forty years ago. Douzi makes the same error of finishing the line with "I am not a girl". Shitou corrects him and they continue practicing. Douzi then commits suicide by sword in the same manner as in the play. Farewell My Concubine won the Palme d\'Or at the Cannes Film Festival , as well as Best Foreign Language Film at the Golden Globes  and from the Los Angeles Film Critics Association . Gong Li won a Best Supporting Actress award from the New York Film Critics Circle .'] ['The story of community in the Deep South that is forced to deal with the struggles of ignorance, hypocrisy and oppression,{{citation}}'] ['It\'s My Party chronicles a two-day party hosted by Nick Stark  who, having been diagnosed with progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy, will fall into a state of mental lapse lasting for months until his death. He decides instead to host a party for his family and friends, at the end of which he will commit suicide by taking Seconal. "You won\'t leave me, will you?" Nick asks his estranged lover, Brandon Theis , shortly after revealing to him the results of his last blood test for HIV. "I don\'t want to die alone." In spite of Brandon\'s protestations, the two soon find the love they had shared for many years in ruins. One year after their breakup, Nick is confronted with a ravaged immune system and a CT Scan and lab values which, along with his worsening forgetfulness, clinches the diagnosis of Progressive Multifocal Leukoencephalopathy  -- a condition he has seen claim his friends and one which he vows will not take him. Due to the aggressive nature of the disease, he has only a few days of conscious life remaining. His plan, he announces to family and "extended family," is to voluntarily end his life himself before the disease renders him unrecognizable to those he loves and he, in turn, is unable to recognize them. Uninvited to the farewell party, Brandon\'s presence is greeted with jeers from those who see him as having abandoned Nick in his time of greatest need.'] ["Harry went to Manila with his friend James to exact vengeance on his abusive father who used to pimp him and killed his mother. He ended up working as a Macho dancer in a gay club and became involved with a gay writer and a hooker. When he set out to look for his father to avenge his mother's death, he found him dying of AIDS in a shack in squatter's area and told him that his mother was alive after all. He looked for his mother and got reunited with her who taught him to forgive his father. His father eventually dies."] ['Eight intellectual friends - four men and four women from the Department of History at the Université de Montréal - prepare to have dinner together. The ensuing conversations range from their professional lives to politics, but primarily concern their sexual exploits. The group has plans to gather at a secluded house for dinner. While the four men prepare the food and reflect on their promiscuity, the four women discuss their own affairs at a nearby gym. At the dinner table, conflicts soon arise when Dominique reveals that she herself has had affairs with two of the men there, one of whom is married to Louise .'] ['A man is robbed while making a call in a phone booth. Staggering in the middle of the road from the beating by the thieves, he is then struck by a car driving by a woman named Oom. Feeling sorry for him, Oom brings the man to her apartment and gives him shelter. The man, it turns out, has developed amnesia. Based the name on a pendant the man is wearing – his only possession – Oom names him Tan. A doctor\'s examination reveals that Tan is uninjured except that he can\'t remember anything about his life prior to being struck by Oom\'s car. Tan is given a journal and urged to free associate in an effort to recall his past life. Oom is experiencing trouble in her own life. She has recently broken up with her domineering boyfriend, Krit, whom she still sees at her workplace, where she is a creative director for an advertising agency. Oom is also had motherhood thrust upon her, since she is caring for her nephew, the son of her dead sister. Initially, having Tan around adds stress to the situation, and when Tan reorganizes her stacks of magazines, and interferes in her disciplining of Ohm, she is angry. But Tan proves useful around the apartment. He is looked up to as a father figure by Ohm. And for Oom, he builds up the self esteem and confidence she lost in her relationship with Krit. Tan seems to instinctively know things about feminimity, such as what dress Oom should wear and what shade of lipstick is appropriate. As a family unit with Oom and Ohm, Tan goes to an amusement park and defends Oom after he gets in trouble for fighting in school, with the result being Tan getting punched by the other boy\'s father. While visions of his past nag him, Tan seems perfectly happy with Oom and Ohm, especially after he becomes romantically involved with Oom. "I don\'t want to remember anymore. I want to be like this with you here, forever," he tells Oom one night as they watch the sunset from a ledge outside her apartment. Eventually the memories of the past catch up with Tan. Taking some numbers he wrote in his journal, he retraces his steps to the scene of the car accident, and eventually finds the numbers are an address to a house. The home belongs to a man whom Tan had a homosexual relationship with, but since the man is married to a woman and has a family, he must keep the relationship secret. Meanwhile, the police call Oom. They have some items recovered from the thieves who attacked Tan on the night he was struck by her car. Among the items is a mobile phone. The police have already called the number, and Tan\'s friends from Phuket on their way to Bangkok to claim the phone and find out more about their missing friend. The friends, it turns out, are all katoey dancers in a transvestite cabaret, where Tan was the star attraction.'] ['A young journalist, David Katz, who writes for a hip-hop magazine called "Mic Check", starts following a music mogul around as part of a story and over time incorrectly starts to think he is part of that world, which leads to him writing an article for a gossip newspaper that starts a rivalry between the producer and his most famous rapper.'] ["Jared , arrives in Los Angeles at 19 years of age. He left his small town in Georgia seeking a different life. When he arrives in L.A., he rents a room in a youth hostel that's furnished with bunk beds and already has one occupant, a male prostitute who needs to use their room to have sex with his clients some times. Jared of course doesn't like this arrangement but it's all he has at the moment. Jared finally lands a job as a sitter and caregiver to the blind Mrs. Haines . He is hired by her son Matthew ([[Steve Tyler , who is a movie executive, because he wants someone to spend time with his mother so he won't have to. Jared meets Robert  at the hostel. Robert is an openly gay teen who soon shows his attraction to Jared. Robert is very comfortable being gay, which leaves Jared feeling the opposite about his own sexual orientation. The film takes a further twist when Matthew asks Jared to move in with his mother, Mrs. Haines, so that he can also look after her at night. Because of the living situation at the hostel with his prostitute room mate, Jared agrees to move into Mrs. Haines' home. Soon after Jared moving in, it doesn't take long before Matthew gets Jared drunk and the two have sex. After Matthew decides not to give Jared a telephone message from Robert, and after Matthew fails to mention anything about his lover at home, Andrew , to Jared, Jared is faced with a difficult decision. Should he continue his relationship with Matthew or should he leave, ultimately being either homeless and jobless again?"] ['The film opens with Kate Collins  walking up to a house. She knocks and a woman answers the door. Kate explains that although she doesn\'t know her she has a long story to explain. The story begins with the death of her grandfather, Edmund Collins. The movie then goes on to show how all the family members found out about the death, and how they came together for the funeral. As the Collins family joins their widowed mother/grandmother, Charlotte Collins , the family\'s dysfunctions and idiosyncrasies come to light. Kate\'s father, Daniel Collins , is an "obscure foreign film" actor whose career peaked at age 8 when he appeared in a peanut butter commercial. Kate\'s uncle, Skip Collins , is an overly hormonal father of overly hormonal twin sons  who managed to run their mother out of their family. Kate\'s aunt, Lucy Collins , and her girlfriend Judy Arnolds  are both criticised throughout the movie because of their relationship. Most of this criticism comes from Kate\'s other aunt, Alice Collins . The bossy, intimidating Alice has managed to both raise her three children and drive her husband into submissive silence, because of her persistent talking and badgering. Once they all arrive at the only family home Kate is told by Charlotte that her grandfather wished for her to give the eulogy at the funeral. After a family dinner that goes south when Lucy and Judy announce that they are getting married, tired of the family feuding, Charlotte tries to commit suicide by overdosing on a medication. While the family sits in the waiting room they run into Samantha  a nurse at the hospital who is also an old friend of Alice\'s. After having her stomach pumped and after rejoining the family, she tries again by jumping out of a moving van on a bridge and although she does not die, she is seriously injured and spends the remainder of the movie in a wheelchair. During the film, Kate continually tries to come up with a eulogy while dealing with a previous romance with Ryan, from whom she ran away after being caught by Ryan\'s mother who came home while Ryan and Kate were having sex. Kate gets reacquainted with Ryan  and their relationship reignites. At Edmund\'s will reading, it is revealed that Edmund has three families that don\'t know about each other. This explains Edmund\'s inability to keep names and number of children straight over the years before also dropping the bomb that he was up to his "prostate in debt". Kate is tasked with finding and telling the other two families of Edmund\'s demise. Ultimately, per Edmund\'s will, he is placed in a casket and floated out on a local lake in a boat. Ted and Fred, having previously filled the casket with gasoline, start shooting fiery arrows from a bow at the casket. During this time Kate finally gives her eulogy. One of the arrows eventually hits the casket and a moment later the casket, completely unexpectedly, explodes in a fiery explosion and completely demolishes the boat, body, and casket in a splintery mess. The movie ends with Kate talking to the woman from the beginning of the film. The woman explains she is not actually the person she was looking for but rather her neighbor.'] ['Maxi  is a 12-year-old effeminate gay boy who lives in the slums with his father and brothers who are petty thieves. The story primarily revolves around the conflict between his love for handsome young police officer Victor , and his family\'s illegal livelihood. Neo-realist in orientation, the film is a tale of lost innocence and redemption amidst the poverty of Manila\'s slums. Maxi behaves like a girl, wearing clips in his hair and bangles on his wrists and even wearing lipstick. He is teased by neighbors and former school friends. His sexuality is, however, fully accepted by his two brothers and by his father. One night he is accosted by two men who attempt to molest him, but is saved by the appearance of Victor. Victor does not have a girlfriend, and his sexuality is never revealed. He rebuffs Maxi\'s advances, only affectionately stoking Maxi\'s head even when the boy steals a kiss. After Maxi\'s father is killed by Victor\'s boss, Maxi resists Victor\'s attempts to renew their friendship. The closing scene shows Maxi walking past Victor who has parked by the roadside on Maxi\'s way to school. He ignores Victor as he passes him, hesitates momentarily as he crosses the road, then goes on his way. This last scene is a homage to the final scene of "The Third Man".'] ["The story follows relationship between Walt , a gay store clerk, and two younger Mexican boys, Johnny  and Roberto Pepper . Walt and his female friend  convince them to come over for dinner, but Johnny and Pepper have to return to their cheap hotel because another friend is locked out. Walt makes his first pass at Johnny by offering him $15 to sleep with him. Johnny refuses and runs to his hotel room, leaving Pepper locked out with nowhere to spend the night but Walt's. Settling for second best, Walt lies down next to Pepper and allows him on top for sex. However, he does not give up on trying to win over Johnny. The film progresses from there into not always clearly defined relationships, unbalanced by age, language, race, sexuality, and money."] ["Naive countryman Chou T'ien-Tsai goes to Taipei to meet an internet friend face-to-face. Being a romantic, and believing in 'true love' , he is sorely disappointed when his friend suggests they have sex with no love. T'ien instead goes to a bar and runs into his ex-classmate Yu and in the process meets the 'Number One Playboy' Bai Tie Nan, who is notorious for one night stands. T'ien very quickly develops a liking towards Bai. After the night at the bar and becoming roommates with Yu, T'ien gets a job as a pool attendant and has several run-ins with Bai, who seems to like T'ien mutually. Scenes with Bai and his psychologist show that Bai has a problem kissing people. After being advised to practice kissing a mirror and then a dummy, both of which fail to help him, he tries to kiss his longtime friend, but can't bring himself to do it. One night, T'ien shows up at Bai's doorstep and they end up having sex consensually. True to his nature, Bai disappears the next day, leaving his friend to turn up at his house and explain to T-ien that 'he hopes you don't misunderstand'. T'ien, hurt and unknowing of the entire story behind Bai's intimacy issues, leaves a message saying that 'this kind of misunderstanding won't happen again'. T'ien prepares to leave his roommate's dwelling and return to his own home. In the meantime, T'ien's friends corner Bai. They asked Bai to tell them the truth Bai is very resistant to tell the story, so his best friend decides to share instead. As a young boy, Bai was told by a fortune teller that he is cursed and that anything that he loves will be doomed. A lifetime of self-fulfilling this prophecy is what led Bai to become a serial one-night stander and lose his ability to love. Falling in love with T'ien caught Bai off guard and, as a result, they both suffered. After a silent prayer for a second chance, he sees T'ien heading up an escalator. His first attempt to apologize fails, and T'ien literally runs away. He nearly gets run down by a scooter, but Bai saves him and they make up. The ending credits include a short segment on the three supporting cast members and their somewhat stereotyped views upon gay fashion. The film was the highest grossing fiction film in Taiwan in 2004."] ['Sylvia Scarlett and her father, Henry, flee France one step ahead of the police. Henry, while employed as a bookkeeper for a lace factory, was discovered to be an embezzler. While on the channel ferry, they meet a "gentleman adventurer", Jimmy Monkley, who partners with them in his con games.'] ["Saturn in Opposition is the story of a group of very close friends in Rome and how they cope with the sudden death of one of their members. The original group, who have been together for many years, are two straight couples, Antonio and Angelica and Roberto and Neval; and a gay former couple, Davide and Sergio. Relatively new additions to the group are Davide's current lover Lorenzo and Lorenzo's friend Roberta. Early in the movie a final member is added to the group: Paolo, an acquaintance of Lorenzo and Roberta. Although the members of the group love each other and spend much time together, there are tensions both within the group and within the three couples who make up the group. Antonio and Angelica seem to be a perfect couple, but their two young children are clearly dysfunctional, and Antonio is carrying on a secret affair with a florist. Roberto feels like an outsider, because while Neval is a core member of the group he is not. And although Davide and Lorenzo look like the epitome of a beautiful, affluent gay couple, Paolo's entry into the group stirs up hidden currents of competition and infidelity that begin to test the relationship. During a dinner party in Davide's apartment, Lorenzo without warning suffers an aneurism and falls into a coma from which he does not recover. His friends are deeply shaken by his death; problems that have until then been hidden begin to emerge and threaten to destroy the group; and Davide almost commits suicide. They all finally convene at Davide's idyllic retreat in the mountains overlooking the sea, and slowly the wounds begin to heal."] ['Skin & Bone is an episodic account of three Los Angeles-area hustlers, Harry, Billy and Dean, and Ghislaine, their pimp. Ghislaine  constantly drives the streets of Los Angeles arranging client appointments. She relies on Harry , the most experienced member of her stable, to train new recruits, including Billy  and Dean . Harry services both male and female clients and always acts as a top; many male clients hire him to beat them. He fantasizes about a woman  he once knew. He has convinced himself that he is not a prostitute but an "actor" providing "fantasies." In his unsuccessful pursuit of an acting career, Harry goes on a casting call for a cop movie. The casting director asks if he will do nudity, implying a casting couch scenario. Harry says he\'s an artist and loses the role. Billy, though experienced, is still somewhat goofy and absent-minded. He sometimes helps Harry with scenes and Harry tries to convince him too that he is an actor and not a prostitute. On several occasions, Billy picks up men only to discover that the man is not actually his client. In one case he and the man fall in love and they plan to get Billy out of the business and start a life together. Shortly thereafter, Billy mistakes a man  for a client in a public restroom and that man stabs him to death. Dean is Ghislaine\'s most recent recruit. While training him, Harry again tries to impart the notion that their job is just acting. Following his training and first successful trick , Dean is humiliated when two women force him to start and stop masturbating seemingly at random. Dean then performs as a "nude cleaner" for a client. He learns that the client is an ex-Marine who was paralyzed in combat and still longs for the boy with whom he fell in love, who was killed. The client is still able to achieve an erection and Dean has sex with him. Harry is at an appointment with a regular, a uniform fetishist called "The General" . Usually Harry beats him, but unknown to Harry, the client has arranged for something different with Ghislaine. After showing Harry a picture of himself in which he closely resembles Harry, the General orders Harry to strip. When Harry hesitates, the General attacks him from behind, binds his hands with tape and rapes him. Harry asks his acting agent to set up an "interview" with another casting director. He lets the man fuck him. Later at Dean\'s place, Harry finds Dean sitting alone burning himself with a cigarette. Dean tells Harry he ran away from home after his father had him arrested at age 14 for stealing a candy bar. Dean was put in a cell with several men who took turns raping him. After allowing himself to be used by the casting director, Harry gets a small role as a cop in the film for which he had previously been rejected. On-set he impresses the producers and they offer him a part in a TV series. Ghislaine sends Harry to the local morgue with $2,500 to bribe an attendant . Harry sees Billy\'s body and realizes that Ghislaine is acquiring it for a client. He confronts Ghislaine, accusing her of arranging Billy\'s murder, and tells her he wants to quit and take Dean with him. Ghislaine agrees, if Harry and Dean perform one final scene. The scene is a cop/prisoner scenario which begins with the cop beating the prisoner then the prisoner overpowering the cop, binding and beating and finally shooting him. Harry plays the cop and Dean the prisoner. Bound and gagged, Harry sees Ghislaine switching his gun  for another gun, but fails to convey the danger to Dean. As Ghislaine and the client watch and the client tapes the scene, Dean pulls the trigger and kills Harry. Harry meets "Lovely Girl," who asks him how he feels being dead. Six months later, Dean is living on the streets. Ghislaine finds him and convinces him to return to work.'] ['The movie is about the difficult relations between two young girls, students in the Conservatoire de Musique classique de Lyon.'] ['Terence Stamp plays a mysterious figure who appears in the lives of a typical bourgeois Italian family. He engages in sexual affairs with all members of the household: the devoutly religious maid, the sensitive son, the sexually repressed mother, the timid daughter and, finally, the tormented father. The stranger gives unstintingly of himself, asking nothing in return. Then one day he leaves, as suddenly and mysteriously as he came. The subsequent void created forces each family member to confront what was previously concealed by the trappings of bourgeois life. The mother seeks sexual encounters with young men, the son leaves the family home to become an artist, the daughter sinks into a catatonic state and the father strips himself of all material effects, handing his factory over to its workers, removing his clothes at a railway station and wandering naked into the wilderness. The maid returns to the rural village where she was born and is seen to perform miracles.'] ['Teenage lovers Jordan White  and Amy Blue  pick up a handsome drifter named Xavier Red  while driving home from a club. Jordan gives Xavier the nickname "X". A late-night stop at a convenience store leaves the three on the run when X accidentally kills the store\'s owner . The trio hides in a motel to avoid arrest. While Jordan and Amy have sex in the bath tub, X learns from the local television news program that the store owner\'s wife  disemboweled her children with a machete before committing suicide, thus, he concludes, removing any possibility of the trio being caught by the police. Later that evening, Amy has sex with X, even though they do not get along. Eventually Jordan finds out, and things become tense as the two men develop a lingering sexual attraction for one another. As the trio journeys across small-town USA, they continue to get into violent situations due to people either claiming to be Amy\'s previous lovers or mistaking her for such. The FBI has a meeting and declares it will find Amy and kill her . She is mistakenly identified by a fast food window clerk as "Sunshine" and later by a character played by Parker Posey as "Kitten". Jordan, Amy and X spend the night in an abandoned barn, where they engage in a threesome. While Amy goes to urinate, Jordan and X are attacked by a trio of neo-Nazis, one of whom had previously mistaken Amy for his ex-girlfriend "Bambi". The gang proceeds to beat up X and then hold Jordan down as the aforementioned neo-Nazi ties up and rapes Amy on top of an American flag. The group finally severs Jordan\'s penis with pruning shears and forces it into his mouth. After Amy breaks free, she kills the neo-Nazis with the shears and escapes with X, leaving Jordan for dead. The film ends with Amy and X driving aimlessly on the road. X is eating Doritos and offers Amy some, but receives no response. Amy simply smokes a cigarette and continues driving as the film fades to the end credits.'] ["In Asheville, Grace , an airport car-rental agent living with her mother , quits her job and embarks on a long-delayed quest: facing the legal barriers that keep her from finding the son she gave up for adoption when she was a teenager. Across the state in Kure Beach, Mark , a young man obsessed with saving loggerhead sea turtles, meets George ([[Michael Kelly , a friendly motel owner with some secrets of his own, who offers him a place to stay. In the center of the state is the small town of Eden, where a minister's wife  struggles to confront her conservative husband  over their estrangement from their son. The film also stars Robin Weigert, Ann Owens Pierce, Valerie Watkins, Trevor Gagnon, Kelly Mizell, Craig Walker, Michael Esper and Joanne Pankow. Irish singer-songwriter and composer Mark Geary wrote the original score as well as two songs for the film. The music of singer/songwriter Patty Griffin is also featured prominently, and sonaBLAST! Records released the soundtrack. Loggerheads was filmed on location primarily in Wilmington, North Carolina in May, 2004."] ['Abandoned by his American lover, a poor, gay teenager from the mountains is forced to support himself and his family by entering into the underground urban world of male strippers, prostitution, illegal drugs, sexual exploitation and slavery, as well police oppression, corruption and murder. His only real friend is a successful selal bahagia'] ['Maïté  is the devoted young wife of Vincent , who is serving 7 years in prison for an unspecified crime. She brings Vincent clean clothes, and puts money in his canteen account. She and Vincent obviously still need each other sexually, and it is difficult for both of them to be separated. One day Maïté is approached by a young man named Jean , who says his brother is also incarcerated for 7 years. They quickly embark on a sexual relationship, but Maïté is cold and unresponsive. She has a good relationship with her neighbour, Djamila, who has a small son, Julien. Maïté looks after him frequently whilst Djamila is at work, and the two are close. Eventually Maïté discovers that Jean is in fact a guard at her husband\'s prison. The affair takes a turn when Vincent finds out; instead of stopping them, he insists Jean tape their meetings. He advises Jean how to move Maïté emotionally and sexually, however, Jean tells him "she is empty". As Jean falls in love with Maïté, she tries to distance herself from both of them. However as Jean leaves to take up a post in Lille, Vincent attempts suicide and in final scene she is seen walking confidently into the prison to visit him once again.'] ["A neurotic businessman  tries to improve his sex life with his wife  by encouraging her to have a threesome involving another woman. Fortunately, she likes the idea. Unfortunately, she decides that she doesn't need her husband to have fun with ladies. In fact... she ends up preferring them."] ['The film is set in Bristol . Cal  is an 18-year-old closeted gay gang member who has nothing in his life except drugs, sex, random acts of violence and a secret that he keeps hidden from his mates. An online hookup for sex with a stranger, Scott , ends in him assaulting and abandoning Scott out in the countryside. This temporarily satisfies but fails to dampen his unspoken desires for his best mate, Jonno . Nessa , their twisted, foul-mouthed and controlling, de facto gang leader who harbours much hatred towards everyone for losing a child at the age of 14, suspects that there is something going on between them but she can\'t put her finger on it. Jonno, putty in Nessa\'s hands, can\'t express his own deep rooted and unrequited attachment to Cal. Manipulating situations that bring her closer to having her suspicions confirmed, Nessa sets out about dividing loyalties and encouraging conflict. For no good reason an innocent student, Olivier , falls victim to one of her plans and is mugged on her orders by the gang. Cal steps in to restrain them and creates a distraction allowing Olivier to run free. Ignoring Nessa\'s screams of contempt, he chases after him and offers him a lift by way of an apology. Fearing that the fall-out from Nessa for his actions will be harsh, Cal persuades Olivier to help him out. Seizing the moral high ground and sensing that there was something more to Cal\'s Good Samaritan act, Olivier allows Cal to stay with him for a few days. Acting on his own attraction to Cal, Olivier seduces him and in doing so, exposes Cal to new emotions and a tenderness that he has never experienced before. Soon, the boys are overtaken by the embrace of the first flush of love. Cal and Olivier\'s relationship progress, but Olivier is warned by Scott, who happens to be one of his professors, to be wary of Cal. Scott gives Olivier his phone number and tells Olivier to contact him if he is ever in need of help. Nessa can\'t contain her rage for Cal\'s disloyalty to the gang and sets about hunting him down, intent on destroying him once and for all. With her gang in tow and Jonno tightly wound up, she kidnaps Olivier, taunting Cal with video messages via her mobile phone, to come and save his boyfriend. Arriving at the abandoned factory where they are all waiting for him, Cal squares up to Nessa and tells her that she needs to let Olivier go. He also says that he is equally hurt by the child she lost, as he was the father. Meanwhile, Jonno and the other gang members begin to destroy Cal\'s car before they turn toward him. As the showdown unfolds, Nessa loses all control of events and Jonno explodes in act of sexual aggression by raping Cal and leaving everyone traumatised. Shocked by what she has witnessed, Nessa realises she will now never be able to break the bond between Cal and Olivier while she and the other gang members flee. Olivier then contacts Scott for help and he rescues them and tends to Cal\'s wounds. As the film ends Cal sends Scott a video of the man being beat up in the opening scenes of the movie, with the message "Sorry". That man turns out to be Scott\'s husband  who is still in a coma at the hospital. Cal throws away his phone, before joining hands and boarding a train with Olivier, severing his last remaining link to the gang and his old life.'] ["Soundless Wind Chime centers around a new immigrant to Hong Kong from China, Ricky , who works as a delivery boy while living with his prostitute aunt . He is pickpocketed by a Swiss thief, Pascal  who is in an abusive relationship with his con artist boyfriend . Deciding to leave him, Pascal has a chance encounter with Ricky and the two begin a romantic relationship. The couple struggles through good times and bad, forcing them to determine if their relationship is based on love or dependence on one another. Several years later, Ricky searches Switzerland for signs of Pascal, eventually encountering Ueli , a timid antique store owner who looks the same as Pascal, but who has a vastly different personality. As Ricky and Ueli's relationship deepens, the truth of Pascal and Ricky's relationship is unraveled as the film progresses through glimpses of the present and the past."] [' A 50-year-old business man Léopold  arrives home with 20-year-old Franz , whom he has just met. Franz is not quite sure why he agreed to come home with Léopold as he is supposed to be meeting his fiancée Anna, but he accepts drinks from Léopold and they begin to get to know each other. Franz tells Léopold that he is not sure whether or not he loves Anna, that he does not really enjoy sex with her, finding more pleasure in books, theatre and life in general. Léopold asks him if he has ever slept with a man. Franz says he has not, but describes a dream where a man comes into his bedroom in an overcoat and has sex with him. Léopold says that although he once lived with a woman for seven years, he has always found sex with men more exciting. They kiss, and Léopold tells Franz to get undressed and into bed. He then appears beside the bed in an overcoat ready to re-enact Franz\'s dream.  Six months later, Franz is living happily with Léopold. He stays at home while Léopold goes on business trips. When Léopold returns, Franz tends to his every need and has become very passive. Léopold has become very domineering. The two men spend a great deal of time arguing and Franz worries about Léopold leaving him, but they still have a satisfying physical relationship. One night, a melancholy Léopold confesses that he believes he has driven one of his customers to commit suicide. Franz, unsure how to comfort Léopold, seduces him, and they perform the role-play from their first night together, this time with roles reversed.  Franz and Léopold are still enjoying sex together but the animosity between them is growing. Franz threatens to leave, but does not go through with it. When Léopold is away on business, Franz is bored and depressed. He finds a gun and imagines shooting himself. One day his ex-fiancée Anna  visits. She sees how unhappy he is and tells him that she still loves him and wants to be with him. They kiss, and Franz acts out the "man in overcoat" sequence with her.  Franz and Anna have been sleeping together in Léopold\'s apartment for two days. She has convinced him to leave and happily talks about the children they will have together. Although he still loves Léopold, Franz agrees that he should leave. Léopold returns from work early and finds them packing. When Anna tells him that Franz is leaving, Léopold just laughs and tells Franz to get them some coffee. Léopold\'s ex-girlfriend Véra  arrives and Léopold introduces her, explaining that she is a male-to-female transsexual. Véra is still in love with Léopold. He then tells them that Véra used to like being tied up, and that Franz likes it too. Franz, angry at being humiliated by the older man, says they are leaving, but Anna wants to stay. Léopold wants them all to have fun together. Léopold starts ordering the two women about. They are excited and start getting him whatever he wants. Franz is disgusted. Léopold tells him that although he does not need Franz, Franz needs him. When Léopold and the women go to the bedroom. Franz goes to join them but changes his mind. He fantasises about murdering Léopold. In the bedroom, Véra realises that the others do not need her and leaves them to it. She finds Franz lying on the floor crying. She tells him that she is Léopold\'s "creature", that after he stopped desiring her, she had a sex change operation for him. This worked for a while but Léopold eventually left Véra. Franz tells her that she is still beautiful and despite the fact that they both love Léopold, she suggests that they get together. Franz tells her that it is too late. He has taken some poison and is dying. He says that he is Léopold\'s creature too. Franz dies. When Véra tells Léopold, he seems unconcerned. Anna is shocked and upset to lose the father of her future children, but when Léopold tells her to get back into bed, she does. Léopold asks Véra to join them in bed, telling her that although he does not need her, she needs him.'] ['The story revolves around a young high-school teacher, Philipp Klahrmann, who during his first day at work collides with a fellow teacher, Tanja, in one of the school\'s corridors. As Phillip insists on making sure the Tanja is okay, there is an obvious connection between the two that is much more than a simple friendly co-worker relationship. As a result of the brief accident in the hallway, Philipp ensures Tanja is okay and later on takes Tanja out for a drink. A romance quickly develops between the two. That same night, back at Tanja\'s apartment, the two engage in a frank discussion. Tanja reveals that they attended the same university and that she had a crush, as did most of her female classmates, on Philipp who was at that time "going steady" with another classmate. Eventually, the two partake in their first physical display of affection, and after sleeping together Philipp bluntly asks if Tanja would want him as her husband. Philipp\'s character develops and the audience often questions his sexuality and witnesses his allure to both sexes, first when a girl, possibly a student, though it is never said turns down the advances of another man and immediately flirts with Philipp in a theatre by putting her hand on his leg. Later scenes include Philipp being hit on by many men and also continually being perceived as a pretty face. The audience follows Tanja and Philipp on the development of their relationship, which seems believably comfortable despite some question-provoking scenes. Once such scene includes Philipp getting extremely worked up as a group of men on a train gang up on a presumably gay gentleman. Philipp jumps into the mix, and has punches thrown his way, without fighting too much, himself. While one cannot say for certain if Philipp gets involved in the fight because it is simply the right thing to do, or whether of not Philipp feels some form of increased sensitivity towards homosexual discrimination, the scene cues to the audience that there may be something more to Philipp\'s personal identity/values that he has not displayed before. Another scene along the same lines as this is a scene where Phillip comes home to find Tanja\'s old friend, Jakob, at their apartment. The tension between the two men is blatantly obvious. As a flamboyant male figure, Jakob makes Philipp very uncomfortable and the audience senses the two men have met before, but are not yet filled in as to the details of their previous history. After Jakob leaves the apartment, Tanja accuses Philipp of being rude towards her guest, she has not picked up on the connection between the men. The film then takes a prominent twist when Philipp, without Tanja\'s presence, is dragged into a gay bar, where a party is evidently taking place. It is not said whether Philipp was intentionally hanging around a gay bar, but can be hypothesized that Philipp\'s encounter with Jakob may have motivated his decision to hang around this location. While at the bar, an intentionally loud and flamboyant party is taking place, most patrons at the bar are in costume and many are in drag. Philipp is cautious, but proceeds further into the bar, taking a seat near an older male character who senses his hestitation in this setting and says, "Don\'t be scared. Everyone is at first. Be Brave." This quote signifies the idea that while Philipp may not be outwardly homosexual, others around him may sense his true identity. The use of disguises especially facial disguises and coverings is important in this scene. A young, shy man dressed in a black and white jester\'s costume watches Philipp from a distance, they have some sort of connection. Later, the audience learns that this man, named Matthias, has taken an interest in being more than friends with Philipp. Phillip is speechless when he meets Matthias and realizes he has been waiting for this man his entire life. A very intoxicated Philipp is returned home that night by two male figures, one of which being Matthias, yet the viewer is unaware if anything happened physically between the two because the only scene regarding this question includes Matthias shutting the door behind himself as he leaves Philipp\'s apartment to catch up with the other male character. Matthias exhibits a youthful joy as he leaves Philipp\'s apartment. It should be noted that Philipp had this private apartment to himself, as the East German government issued apartments to independents. He often would stay at Tanja\'s flat, but still had this apartment as they would not be issued a new one fitting for two people until officially married. This allows Philipp a private atmosphere where he can entertain, male guests without Tanja knowing. Time passes and eventually Matthias meets Philipp again, apparently just by chance, and quickly invites him to his birthday party that same evening. After struggling some with his conscience, Philipp ends up sneaking out at night after Tanja falls asleep, and returns to the bar where they first met, the location of the party. Philipp is ushered by the proprietor to the private party which is evidently waiting for Philipp in order to begin. Here we see how open Matthias is about his sexuality, desires for Philipp and that he is not afraid to show his affection in front of his family and friends. Philipp is introduced to Matthias\' family at the dinner "Yes, this is him." The night ends with the two men alone, talking about their relationship, and Philipp lies to Matthias when he is asked whether or not he has a lover. Philipp then asks Matthias if he wants to have a family and kids someday, to which Matthias replies "No. I know I can\'t anyways." The audience has to question whether this is referring to Matthias being physically incapable of reproducing, but can be assumed he is simply acknowledging he is homosexual and would not have a relationship with a women in order to procreate. Eventually, the two sleep together, and Philipp is left in a tough situation having to return home to Tanja who is extremely worried by her significant other\'s mysterious night away  Another scene with hidden meaning takes place when Tanja and Philipp listen to a gentleman do a stack-up singing act. The man sings the following lyrics: :"My mother does not call me by my name, :My mother is dead. :My father does not call me by my name, :My father is far away. :God does not call me by my name, :God thought up a real mean act. :He plays the role of the cur in it, :He howls all night long. :I drove him away with a stick, :He should leave me in peace. :Oh heart of mine, :Rest a while. :When God has abandoned me rest a while :When my body is stretched out :Patiently :Rest a while :Rest a while :Rest a while without God :Rest a while." This song is very meaningful when compared to the topic of homosexuality, as Philipp may very well relate to the idea that he has been abandoned by both his mother and father, and even God, after making the realization that he is homosexual in a very judgmental world . By saying that he "howls all night long" [...] and that he "should leave me in peace" reiterates the idea that one\'s sexual identity is not something that is easily forgotten, nor easily avoidable. This scene reflects the idea that while Philipp may acknowledge that being homosexual isolates him from powerful sources of support and love, God himself has committed a "mean act" and until he can be loved and accepted for who he is, there is nothing to do but rest and let it be. Philipp\'s relationship with Tanja rapidly deteriorates, as he becomes increasingly standoffish and avoids all communication over his personal thoughts with Tanja. Little by little the audience witnesses Philipp become aware of his homosexual preferences, and obvious struggles with his identity, despite the fact that Tanja may need him now more than ever, as she is assumedly pregnant. It is proven apparent that Philipp has been in denial about his homosexuality when he seeks out Jakob to discuss the previous history they have together. The audience learns that Philipp\'s parents can be held responsible for getting Jakob transferred out of the school the boys were attending, all because of their sexual relationship. This is the very first time that Philipp\'s "gay prehistory" is blatantly discussed in the film. This idea is further complicated by the fact that Philipp\'s mother disapproves—even downright hates—the sexual preferences of her son and goes out of her way to remind him of that throughout the entire film. Unsurprisingly, Philipp is eventually forced to come out to Tanja, after he and Matthias embrace during the intermission of an opera that Philipp is attending with Tanja. The hug shared by the two men clearly suggests a bond much deeper than friends, and, as it turns out, Mathias intentionally came to the opera looking for Philipp after failing to find him at his apartment. Matthias is distraught upon learning that Philipp is married and runs out of the opera house in obvious anguish and immeasurable grief. Over the next few weeks Philipp searches for Matthias, until one night he finds him at a bar with another man - one of Philipp\'s students. Matthias, obviously still very hurt, pushes Philipp away, despite how difficult doing so may be. Philipp then goes to the bar where he and Matthias first met and becomes aggressive towards an older gay gentleman. After pushing the man to the ground and being spared of getting kicked out of the bar when the old man claims it was a simple misunderstanding, Philipp cries to himself over his personal struggles. As he calms down, the gentleman shares his personal battle being a homosexual in a heterosexual-dominated world. The old man admits to being forced to separate from the love of his life and when punished for his homosexual relationship by being sentenced to an isolation cell at Gestapo HQ in Berlin. The old man concludes his story by admitting that "everyone is alone [and that] Everyone is afraid." In a speech designed to please the SED and DEFA, the older gay man explains how the communists helped him through his struggle. It seems as though the gentleman had been facing problems for his entire life due to his sexual orientation, and that Philipp better stand up and fight through it in order to make any progress towards obtaining happiness within himself. The film ends with a scene in the classroom, as the head-teacher - who obviously has discovered Philipp\'s sexual orientation - says that she and a group of teachers need to observe his class to see if he is still suitable to teach. Philipp is quiet for a long time, thus prompting the head-teacher to say \'Kollege Klahrmann!\' to which Klahrmann simply replies \'Ja\'. Freihof claims that this single utterance signifies the recognition, by Philipp, of his sexual orientation and everything attendant with it. The film closes with a shot of Philipp leaving his apartment block on his bicycle, while the audience is left to ponder the fact that he no longer is together with his wife, Tanja, and that the man he truly loves, Matthias, was actually the character in the opening scene of the movie, who was being taken care of after an attempted-suicide due to the pressures of being homosexual in a prejudiced society.'] ['!Women Art Revolution explores the "secret history" of feminist art, through conversations, observations, archival footage, and works of visionary artists, historians, curators and critics. Starting from its roots in 1960s antiwar and civil rights protests, the film details major developments in feminist art through the 1970s and explores how the tenacity and courage of these pioneering artists resulted in what is now widely regarded as the most significant art movement of the late 20th century. For more than forty years, filmmaker Lynn Hershman Leeson  has collected a plethora of interviews with her contemporaries—and shaped them into an intimate portrayal of their fight to break down barriers facing women both in the art world and society at large. With a score by Sleater-Kinney’s Carrie Brownstein, !W.A.R. features Miranda July, The Guerilla Girls, Yvonne Rainer, Judy Chicago, Marina Abramovic, Yoko Ono, Cindy Sherman, Barbara Kruger, B. Ruby Rich, Ingrid Sischy, Carolee Schneemann, Miriam Schapiro and Marcia Tucker.'] ['Chris  is a dancer dying of AIDS. Before his assisted suicide he shares a last meal with his lover Val .<ref name Brennan | first  Overview | publisher  http://www.allmovie.com/cg/avg.dll?p1:134096 | accessdate =2008-01-22 }}'] ['Rusty is a young designer with a successful business and a great boyfriend. After losing one important client and facing a lawsuit from another, Rusty gets picked up by Denny, a sexy hustler and crystal meth addict who takes Rusty to dark places Rusty never knew existed. Rusty must choose between returning to his old life and joining Denny in his.'] ['The film, which is violent and sexually graphic, is a high-speed coming of age story which centers on three young men dreaming of an escape from their provincial surroundings by means of a motocross career: young motocross racing champion Rien , another racer who thinks he has the goods, Hans , and the son of a Bible thumping Calvinist, the mechanic Eef . Their only escapes are alcohol, drugs, and weekend visits to a local disco nightclub. When they run into a young seductress , her homosexual brother, national motocross champion Witkamp  and the national press that follows in his wake, their futures change drastically.'] ['The patriarch of a seemingly normal nuclear family returns home one day with a small white rat. The animal soon has an adverse effect on his wife and children, influencing them into enacting their darkest, most hidden desires. The son loudly announces his homosexuality and begins throwing wild orgies, the daughter deliberately flirts with death and practices sadomasochism on her boyfriend , while the mother seduces her son so she can "cure" him of his orientation. After the father eventually kills and devours the offending rat, he turns into one himself; when his family discover this, they band together and brutally slay him.'] ["All Over the Guy is about Eli  and Tom . The film is told mostly in flashback, with Eli recounting his side to Esther , an HIV clinic worker as he waits for test results and Tom to a guy he meets at an Alcoholics Anonymous meeting. Tom is the adult child of emotionally distant alcoholic WASP parents who never quite accepted his sexual orientation. Eli's parents are both Jewish psychiatrists who raised him to be emotionally open but ended up making him neurotic. Tom and Eli are set up on a blind date by their best friends, Jackie  and Brett , who think they would be a perfect match. They're both looking for 'The One', but don't recognize it when they find it. On the date, a boring evening is broken up only by an amusing diatribe by Tom against the movie In & Out. A few days later they run into each other at a flea market and hit it off, winding up back at Eli's place where Tom spends the night. The next morning Tom says that it was a mistake. Jackie and Brett decide to try again to set them up, and the two men start to develop a relationship. Tom's fear of becoming emotionally close coupled with Eli's own insecurities makes it difficult for them to maintain, but Jackie and Brett get engaged which forces Tom and Eli together. They disguise their unease behind petty arguments over meaningless details of grammar and pronunciation but are finally able to push past the pettiness and make love. Eli tells Tom he loves him and Tom, terrified, lashes out at him the next day and drives him away. The flashbacks end here on the day of Brett and Jackie's wedding. Esther tries to teach Eli to be more understanding of Tom's emotional needs. The AA member tries to sexually assault Tom, and when he tells Jackie she upbraids him for throwing Eli away for daring to fall for him. At the reception, Eli and Tom come to realize that they have to overcome their families' dysfunction and their own fears."] ["Lou falls in love with her best friend Sassafras who doesn't know. In order to bring their careers as performance artists forward they move to San Francisco where they get into the BDSM scene. Soon they start a princess/daddy role-play: Lou plays out a Sea Captain Daddy role and Sass takes on a brat princess."] ['By issuing same-sex marriage licenses, San Francisco Mayor Gavin Newsom uproots the status quo, attempts to change the way the nation looks at life, love, and marriage. From the first frame of the film, even before the press is aware, this film crew is with Mayor Gavin Newsom’s senior staff as the nation’s first same-sex couple exchange their vows and ignite a controversial civil rights topic. The story continues on the streets, in the courtrooms, and on the steps of City Hall, where same-sex couples clash with church groups who declare that their sexual and romantic desires are sinful. The film focuses on the compelling, human rights struggles surrounding same-sex marriage and captures the elation and despair of couples and families who are fighting for equal rights. This film made the independent film festival circuit, winning multiple awards, and is scheduled for a wider release in the United States in 2008.'] ['The film opens with a montage tracing the building\'s history, as wealthy expatriate and Egyptian residents give way, after the 1952 coup that overthrew King Farouk and eventually resulted in the installation of Gamal Abdel Nasser as President of Egypt, to new families, and as the rooftop storage rooms are converted into living space for lower-class families. The rooftop community, effectively a slum neighborhood, is symbolic of the urbanization of Egypt and of the burgeoning population growth in its large cities in recent decades, especially among the poor and working classes. In the faded apartments of the main floors and on the building\'s teeming roof, the films\'s principal characters are introduced: *Zaki Pasha el Dessouki  &ndash; a wealthy and elderly foreign-educated engineer who spends most of his time pursuing women and who maintains an office in the Yacoubian, he personifies the ruling class prior to the Revolution: cosmopolitan, cultured, western in outlook, and not particularly observant of Islam *Taha el Shazli  &ndash; the son of the building doorman, he excelled in school and hoped to be admitted to the Police Academy but found that his father\'s profession, considered too lowly by the generals conducting his character interview, was an obstacle to admission; disaffected, he enrolls at the University and eventually joins a militant Islamist organization modeled upon the Jamaa Islamya *Buthayna el Sayed  &ndash; initially Taha\'s childhood sweetheart, she is forced to find a job to help support her family after her father dies and is disillusioned to find that her male employer expects sexual favors from her and her female coworkers in exchange for additional money and gifts on the side, and that her mother expects her to preserve her virginity while not refusing her boss\'s sexual advances outright; embittered, she eventually comes to use her beauty as a tool to advance her own interests but finds herself falling in love with Zaki Bey el Dessouki, whom she\'d been planning with Malak to swindle out of his apartment *Malak  &ndash; a shirtmaker and petty schemer seeking to open a shop on the Yacoubian\'s roof and then to insinuate himself into one of the more posh apartments downstairs *Hatim Rasheed  &ndash; the son of an Egyptian father who was a noted legal scholar and a French mother, he is the editor of Le Caire, a French language daily newspaper; more attention is paid to his private life, for he is a fairly open homosexual in a society which either looks the other way or openly condemns such behavior and inclinations *Hagg Muhammad Azzam  &ndash; one of Egypt\'s wealthiest men and a migrant to Cairo from the countryside, in the space of thirty years he has gone from shoeshiner to self-made millionaire; he seeks an acceptable and legal outlet for his  resurgent libido in a secret, second marriage to an attractive young widow, and also realizes his goal of serving in the People\'s Assembly , but comes face to face with the enormous corruption, graft, and bribery of contemporary Egyptian politics. *Christine  &ndash; a world-weary chanteuse who advises Zaki Bey on his love life and whose poignant singing of European songs like "La Vie en Rose" punctuates the film. The stories of each of the primary characters are intertwined, at times colliding or converging with one another. Together, they give a biting condemnation of a nation that has squandered its promise and which has been forced to compromise its own principles, resulting in a corrupt and undemocratic political system dominated by a single party (the fictitious "Patriotic Party", a thinly-veiled version of Egypt\'s [[National Democratic Party . The unlikely pairing of the elderly roué and the disillusioned young girl that ends the film provides a closing grace note that can be seen as a ray of hope against the death and unhappiness that has befallen the other characters.'] ["Upper-middle class Mathieu, is spending his summer vacation on the French coast before beginning studies in the fall to become an architect. His mother is deeply depressed because of the death of his baby brother from cancer, and is cared for by her sister, while Mathieu and his moody younger sister cannot get along. Then he meets Cedric at the beach, who is attractive and obviously looking for a boyfriend. The boys embark on a romance, and Mathieu's sudden secrecy and long hours away from home invite the curiosity of both his sister and aunt. A parallel plotline focuses on Mathieu eighteen months later, as he recovers from the shock of their separation. After having tried to commit suicide, Mathieu's psychiatrist sends him back to the small seaside town to learn how to deal with what happened. The film ends on a hopeful note when Mathieu looks up Pierre, another former boyfriend of Cedric's living in the seaside town, and they overcome past tensions to discover that they understand each other."] ["The film is about Abhiroop Sen , a Delhi-based transgender documentary filmmaker, whose bisexual lover is the cinematographer  of the film. They visit Kolkata to make a documentary on the life of the real-life legendary jatra actor Chapal Bhaduri, who in his heyday was known as 'Chapal Rani', noted for his portrayal of female roles on the stage at a time when women did not perform on stage."] ["April's Shower begins with a group of people gathered for a wedding shower for April. At first, it seems to be a normal gathering for such an occasion but, as time goes on, secrets and stories begin to be revealed. Alex  is a chef and a maid of honor at April's wedding. She ultimately reveals her true feelings which ends up taking an effect on everybody at the shower."] ["Zach  is an aspiring artist living in San Pedro, California, who has put off his dreams of going to art school in order to work and help his older sister Jeanne , his disabled father, and his five-year-old nephew Cody . Working as a short-order cook to make ends meet, Zach escapes during his free time to paint, draw murals, surf, and hang out with his best friend Gabe ([[Ross Thomas , as well as with his on-again, off-again girlfriend Tori . When Gabe’s older brother Shaun ([[Brad Rowe  comes back home from Los Angeles for a few weeks, Zach and Shaun develop a close friendship as they go surfing together. Shaun, who is a published writer, encourages Zach to take control of his life and pursue his ambition of going to CalArts, a large university of the arts. One night after drinking Zach and Shaun share a kiss, however Zach is not prepared to give in to his feelings immediately. Nevertheless, their friendship soon develops into a romance, while at the same time Shaun builds a strong bond with Cody. When Jeanne learns that Zach has been spending time with Shaun, she warns Zach that Shaun is gay and to keep Cody away from him. Though his sister is reluctant to accept that Zach himself might be gay, both Gabe and Tori are supportive. Zach and Shaun's relationship is then strained by his sense of obligation to support his family versus his relationship with Shaun and his desire to pursue his own dreams. Zach is confused as to what he really wants. Shaun secretly submits Zach's art school application, and Zach is eventually accepted on full scholarship. When Jeanne's boyfriend Alan  gets a job in Portland, requiring her to move and leave Cody behind with Zach, Zach is forced to decide between putting others first and neglecting his own dreams—as he has always done—and fighting for what he truly wants, both for himself and Cody. He finally discovers that affirming his love for Shaun and going forward with his art career ends up providing the best solution to his dilemma. The film ends with a scene of Zach, Shaun, and Cody playing together on the beach as a family."] ['Four kathoey—Mod, Som, Kam-pang and Wa-wa—move from a rural town to attend St. Mary\'s High School in Bangkok. Once there they try to join the school\'s cheerleading team, only to be rejected because of their sexuality. Instead they join the school\'s struggling rugby team, making friends with the other team members after they score a number of tries in an important game. Toey, another kathoey from the boys hometown, comes to Bangkok with the idea of forming a new cheerleading team, which they name "The Queen". From the start the boys have to face a number of problems, but with the help of their friends on the rugby team they manage to get to the finals of the national cheerleading competition.'] ['Maple Palm focuses on a lesbian couple, Nicole  and Amy , who have been living together for fifteen years. Nicole is an illegal immigrant from Canada who has no protection under the law, since same-sex marriages are not recognized by the United States.'] ['Corky , an ex-con who has just finished a five-year jail sentence, arrives at an apartment building to start work as a painter and plumber. On her way up to the apartment, she encounters the couple who live next-door, Violet  and Caesar . After Caesar has gone out, Violet flirts with Corky and asks her to help retrieve an earring that has fallen down her sink. After Corky extracts the earring, Violet admits she lost it on purpose in order to get closer to Corky, and starts to seduce her. They are interrupted by the arrival of Caesar and Corky goes back to work. When she leaves for the day, Violet follows her to her truck. They go to Corky\'s apartment and have sex. The next morning, Violet tells Corky that Caesar is a money launderer for the Mafia and they have been together for five years. Later, Violet overhears Caesar and his Mafia associates beating and torturing Shelly , a man who has been skimming money from the business. Upset by the violence and cruelty, Violet seeks solace from Corky. She tells Corky that she wants to make a new life for herself, but that she needs her help. Knowing that Caesar will find the nearly $2 million Shelly took and count it in their apartment, the two women hatch a scheme to steal the money. Corky, already wary of Violet\'s intentions, is unsure whether to trust her. Shelly is shot and killed by Johnnie , the son of Mafia boss Gino Marzonne , and Caesar returns to the apartment with a bag of bloody money. Angry at Johnnie for killing Shelly in a fit of rage and splattering blood everywhere, Caesar proceeds to wash, iron and hang the money to dry. Violet explains to Corky that Caesar and Johnnie hate each other, and that Gino and Johnnie will be coming to pick up the money from Caesar. The plan is as follows: When Caesar has finished counting the money, Violet will get him a drink to relax him before he showers. Corky will be next-door, waiting until she hears Caesar turn on the shower. When he does, Violet will drop the bottle of Scotch that is for Gino and tell Caesar that she is going to buy more. As she leaves the apartment, she will let Corky in, who will steal the money from a briefcase and leave. Violet will then return with the Scotch and tell Caesar that she just saw Johnnie leaving, but that Gino was not with him. Suspicious, Caesar will check the briefcase, find the money gone, and assume Johnnie has taken it. Corky and Violet think Caesar will be forced to skip town because Gino will assume he has been robbed by Caesar, not his son. Everything goes as planned until Caesar finds the money gone. He realizes that if he runs, Gino will think he took the money. He decides he has to get the money back from Johnnie. Panicking, Violet threatens to leave. Caesar pulls out his gun and forces her to stay, thinking that maybe she and Johnnie have stolen the money and framed him. Corky waits next-door with the money while Gino and Johnnie arrive. After watching Johnnie flirt with Violet and taunt him, Caesar pulls out a gun and tells Gino that his son stole the money. In an angry panic, he kills them both. He tells Violet that they have to find the money, dispose of the bodies, and pretend Gino and Johnnie never arrived, lest their Mafia pals find the money or men missing. Unable to find the money at Johnnie\'s apartment, Caesar telephones Mickey , a Mafia friend, telling him that Gino has yet to arrive. After discovering Corky and Violet stole the money, Caesar ties them up, gags them, threatens to torture them, and demands to know where it is. When Mickey arrives to see what is going on, Caesar tells him Gino was in a car accident and Mickey leaves for the hospital. Corky tells Caesar where she has hidden the money, and he goes next-door to find it. Violet escapes and makes a phone call to Mickey, telling him that Caesar stole the money and forced her to keep quiet. In the meantime, Corky tries to stop Caesar from taking the money, but he beats her to the ground. Just as he is about to kill her, Violet arrives and pulls a gun on Caesar, telling him that Mickey is on his way and that he should run while he can. Caesar tells Violet that he knows she will not shoot him, to which she replies, "Caesar, you don\'t know shit", before killing him. Later, Mickey, who believes Violet\'s story, tells her that he will find Caesar, and that there is no need to involve the police. Mickey wants Violet to be his girlfriend, but she tells him that she needs a clean break—which she makes by driving off hand-in-hand with Corky.'] ["Joey Davis  is an unemployed former child star who supports himself as a hustler in Los Angeles. Joey uses sex to get his landlady to reduce his rent, then seduces Sally Todd , a former Hollywood starlet. Sally tries to help Joey revive his career but her status as a mediocre ex-actress proves to be quite useless. Sally's psychotic daughter Jessica  further complicates the relationship between Sally and the cynical, emotionally-numb Joey."] ["Shinjuku Boys introduces three onnabes who work as hosts at the New Marilyn Club in Tokyo. Onnabes are women who live as men and have girlfriends, although they don't usually identify as lesbians. As the film follows them at home and on the job, all three talk frankly to the camera about their gender-bending lives, revealing their views about women, sex, transvestitism and lesbianism. Alternating with these illuminating interviews are fabulous sequences shot inside the Club, patronized almost exclusively by heterosexual women who have become disappointed with real men. They often have relationships with them but the underlying fear is whether such a relationship can withstand the pressures on a woman to get married and have children."] ['James Ballard , a film producer, and his wife, Catherine , are in an open marriage. The couple engage in various infidelities, but between them have only unenthusiastic sex. Their arousal is heightened by discussing the intimate details of their extramarital sex. While driving home from work late one night, Ballard\'s car collides head-on with another, killing its male passenger. While trapped in the fused wreckage, the driver, Dr. Helen Remington , wife of the killed passenger, exposes a breast to Ballard when she pulls off the shoulder harness of her seat belt. While recovering, Ballard meets Remington again, as well as a man named Vaughan , who takes a keen interest in the brace holding Ballard\'s shattered leg together and photographs it. While leaving the hospital, Remington and Ballard begin an affair, one primarily fueled by their shared experience of the car crash . In an attempt to make some sense of why they are so aroused by their car wreck, they go to see one of Vaughan\'s cult meetings/performance pieces, an actual recreation of the car crash that killed James Dean with authentic cars and stunt drivers. When Transport Ministry officials break up the event Ballard flees with Remington and Vaughan. Ballard becomes one of Vaughan\'s followers who fetishise car accidents, obsessively watching car safety test videos and photographing traffic accident sites. Ballard drives Vaughan\'s Lincoln convertible around the city while Vaughan picks up and uses street prostitutes, and later Ballard\'s wife. In turn, Ballard has a dalliance with one of the other group members, Gabrielle , a beautiful woman whose legs are clad in restrictive steel braces, and who has a vulva-like scar on the back of one of her thighs, which is used as a substitute for a vagina by Ballard. The film\'s sexual couplings in  cars are not restricted to heterosexual experiences. While watching videos of car crashes, Remington becomes extremely aroused and gropes the crotches of both Ballard and Gabrielle, suggesting an imminent ménage à trois. In fact, Vaughan and Ballard eventually turn towards each other and have a homosexual encounter while later, Gabrielle and Remington have a lesbian affair. Though Vaughan claims at first that he is interested in the "reshaping of the human body by modern technology," in fact his project is to live out the philosophy that the car crash is a "fertilising rather than a destructive event, mediating the sexuality of those who have died with an intensity that\'s impossible in any other form." The film\'s climax begins with Vaughan\'s death and ends with Ballard being involved in another semi-deliberate car accident, this one involving his wife. Their fetish for car crashes has, ironically enough, had a strengthening effect on the Ballards\' marriage. As he caresses her bruised body in the grass median near the accident, Ballard and his wife display much more affection for each other than they had previously, ending with Ballard lamenting, "Maybe next time" possibly implying that the logical end result of their extreme fetish is death.'] ['The drama depicts a young woman, Asia, falling in love with a young artist and lesbian, Eloise, and discovering her sexuality. Scenes of Asia hospitalized and in a coma are interspersed through the movie. As the film unfolds we discover their love story and the tragic accident leading up to her hospitalization.'] ['New York attorney William Boyals has escaped the Louisiana bayou of his childhood, but he must return to investigate the death of a childhood friend who, like Boyals himself, was both black and gay.'] ['The film makes use of archive footage and interviews with John Waters, Patti Smith, Iggy Pop, Gus Van Sant, Genesis Breyer P-Orridge, Sonic Youth, Laurie Anderson, Amiri Baraka, Jello Biafra, and David Cronenberg. The film looks at the life of a man whose works attacked conservative ideals, spawned countercultural movements, and influenced 20th century culture. The film is narrated by Peter Weller, with a soundtrack by Patti Smith and Sonic Youth.http://www.oscilloscope.net/films/film/38/William-S-Burroughs-A-Man-Within'] ["As Magdalena's  15th birthday approaches, her working-class family prepares for the important Quinceañera, a lavish coming-of-age celebration. To help with expenses Magdalena is forced to wear a hand-me-down party dress and abandon her dream of arriving in a Hummer limousine. But when her father discovers she is pregnant and refuses to believe the incredible truth &mdash; she is still a virgin &mdash; Magdalena moves in with her elderly Uncle Tomas  and black sheep cousin Carlos . Her newfound family is soon put to the test when an unexpected crisis threatens to tear them apart, and Magdalena learns what it truly means to come of age."] ['Petra von Kant  is a prominent fashion designer based in Bremen. The film is almost totally restricted to her apartment\'s bedroom, decorated by a huge reproduction of Poussin\'s Midas and Bacchus  depicting naked and partially clothed men. The room also contains numerous life-size mannequins for her work, though only her assistant Marlene  is shown using them. Petra\'s marriages have ended in death or divorce. Her first husband, Pierre, was a great love, who died in a car accident while Petra was pregnant; the second began the same way, but ended in disgust. Petra lives with Marlene, another designer, whom she treats as a slave, and reveals her sadistic side by making codependent relationships. Von Kant is shown being awoken by Marlene. She proceeds to begin her day and get dressed while her assistant attends to her. Von Kant makes a phone call to her mother, makes demands of Marlene , and dons a brown wig just before she receives a visitor. Petra talks to Sidonie , her cousin, about her male relationships. Meanwhile, Marlene does the work and acts as hostess. Karin Thimm , Sidonie\'s friend, joins the women. Karin newly returned to Germany after residing in Sydney for five years, is a desirable, 23-year-old woman. Petra is immediately attracted to Karin, and at this first meeting, suggests Karin becomes a model. Karin agrees to return the following day, but Sidonie has to leave and Karin follows her. Petra quickly falls madly in love with Karin. The next day, with Marlene showing clearer signs of frustration, but still typing, Petra, now wearing a larger and dark wig, offers to support Karin while she trains to be a model. Karin\'s husband has remained in Sydney, though Petra is only momentarily put off by this revelation. The women soon show their incompatibility. Petra had a happy childhood, and came from a home where the good things in life were always stressed. Karin\'s father was a toolmaker, and she always felt neglected by her parents. Petra loved mathematics and algebra at school, but Karin could never understand arithmetic and the point of substituting letters for numbers. Petra has a daughter, whom she rarely sees, but reassures herself that her daughter is at the best possible boarding school. Karin\'s parents are now both dead. Her father killed Karin\'s mother, then hanged himself. She says people reject her when they find out about her history, but Petra now admits to a great affection for her, even stronger after having heard her family history. Petra orders Marlene to get a bottle of Sekt. Karin goes into more details about her parents death. Her father was made redundant because of his age, though it is clear he was probably alcoholic, and the deaths occurred when he was in a drunken stupor. Karin feels she has drifted in her life, her husband in Sydney treated her as a slave, and offered no reprieve from her past, but Petra insists this is about to change. Marlene returns with the bottle of Sekt in a tumbler, silently returns to her typing, and the other two women toast each other. Petra promises to make Karin a great model. Marlene, previously hidden by a curtain, stops typing and glares at Petra. While listening to a record, Petra says life is predestined, people are brutal and hard and everyone is replaceable. Petra, discovering the expense of Karin\'s hotel, suggests she move in with her. Marlene resumes her typing, but after Karin agrees to move in with Petra, she is ordered to bring more Sekt. While Petra admits to being in love with Karin, Karin herself can only say she likes Petra. Six months or so pass. Petra, resplendent in a red wig, is getting dressed, while Karin is in bed reading a colour magazine. Petra cancels a flight to Madrid over the telephone, a habit which Karin thinks is pointless, and Petra orders Marlene to find her shoes. Karin thinks Marlene is strange, but Petra reassures her that Marlene loves her. Karin can still not say she loves Petra. Karin\'s own capacity for cruelty emerges, while both women have already started drinking. The previous night Karin had been out until 6am, and admits to having been with a man, though she keeps changing her precise story; Petra is jealous and shouts at Marlene. Freddy, Karin\'s husband, telephones from Zurich. It emerges they have been in contact by letter, and Karin is no longer planning on gaining a divorce, rather she is rejoining her husband. Petra calls her a "rotten little whore", and Karin responds that being with Petra is less strenuous than walking the streets. She asks Petra to book a flight to Frankfurt, where she is to meet her husband, and asks for 500DM from Petra, though Petra freely gives her twice that. Marlene drives Karin to the airport; Petra is now too drunk to drive. On Petra\'s birthday, the bedroom is almost empty. Petra, lying on the floor and now wearing a blond wig, is drinking heavily while assuming her object of love and hate, Karin, will phone. Her daughter Gaby  arrives. Petra tells her little; Gaby admits to being in love with a young man, though it is so far unrequited. Sidonie appears with a birthday present: a doll with a blond hair like Karin\'s. She admits to knowing Karin is in Bremen that day. Petra\'s mother Valerie  is subjected to abuse in her turn. Petra accuses her of being a whore, who never worked and lived off her husband. Petra tramples on the china tea service Marlene had brought in; she insists on an ability to smash anything she has bought. She insists she is not crazy about Karin, but loved her. She claims Karin\'s little finger is worth all of them put together. Her mother, previously unaware of Karin, is shocked at the thought of her daughter being in love with another woman. Petra rejects Sidonie and hopes not to see her again, but Sidonie stays. Later, Petra lies in bed sans wig, her natural auburn hair on display. She is apologetic to her mother, and realizes she wanted to possess Karin rather than love her. Karin rings from Paris, offering the chance that they will perhaps meet again. Petra turns to Marlene, after her mother has left, and admits she has to apologize to her for many things. It will be different from now on, Petra will share her life with Marlene. But Marlene, who has satisfied her personal masochistic desire in submitting to Petra, packs her small suitcase leaves and takes the doll with her.'] ['Emily Hollander  is the subject of a lesbian obsession at the hands of Andrea Glassen , her next-door neighbor. As Emily begins dating detective Bob Luffrono , Andrea overflows with jealousy, spying on Hollander through her own window.'] ['George is released from prison after 14 years of incarceration for a murder he committed in his small Greek village. He spends his first night out in a cheap downtown hotel in Athens. There he meets Strella, a young transsexual prostitute. They spend the night together and soon they fall in love. But the past is catching up with George. With Strella on his side he will have to find a new way out.'] ['The film centers on Manuela, a nurse who oversees donor organ transplants in Ramón y Cajal Hospital in Madrid and single mother to Esteban, a teenager who wants to be a writer. On his seventeenth birthday, Esteban is hit by a car and killed while chasing after actress Huma Rojo for her autograph following a performance of A Streetcar Named Desire, in which she portrays Blanche DuBois. Manuela has to agree with her colleagues at work that her son\'s heart be transplanted to a man in A Coruña. After traveling after her son\'s heart, Manuela quits her job and journeys to Barcelona, where she hopes to find her son\'s father, Lola, a transvestite she kept secret from her son, just as she never told Lola they had a son. In Barcelona, Manuela reunites with her old friend Agrado, a warm and witty transsexual prostitute. She also meets and becomes deeply involved with several characters: Rosa, a young nun who works in a shelter for battered prostitutes and is pregnant by Lola; Rosa\'s mother; Huma Rojo, the actress her son had admired; and the drug-addicted Nina Cruz, Huma\'s co-star and lover. Her life becomes entwined with theirs as she cares for Rosa during her pregnancy and works for Huma as her personal assistant and even acts in the play as an understudy for Nina during one of her drug abuse crises. On her way to the hospital, Rosa asks the taxi to stop at a park where she spots her father\'s dog, Sapic, and then her own father, who suffers from Alzheimer\'s; he does not recognize Rosa and asks for her age and height, but Sapic is cleverer and knows Rosa. Rosa dies giving birth to her son, and Lola and Manuela finally reunite at Rosa\'s funeral. Lola , who is dying from AIDS, talks about how she always wanted a son, and Manuela tells her about her own Esteban and how he died in a car accident. Manuela then adopts Esteban, Rosa\'s child, and stays with him at Rosa\'s parents\' house. The father does not understand who Manuela is, and Rosa\'s mother says it\'s the new cook, who is living here with her son. Rosa\'s father then asks Manuela her age and height. Manuela introduces Esteban  to Lola and gives her a picture of their own Esteban. Rosa\'s mother spots them from the street and then confronts Manuela about letting strangers see the baby. Manuela tells her that Lola is Esteban\'s father; Rosa\'s mother is appalled and says: "That is the monster that killed my daughter?!" Manuela flees back to Madrid with Esteban; she cannot take living at Rosa\'s house any longer, since the grandmother is afraid that she will contract AIDS from the baby. She writes a letter to Huma and Agrado saying that she is leaving and once again is sorry for not saying goodbye, like she did years before. Two years later, Manuela returns with Esteban to an AIDS convention, telling Huma and Agrado, who now run a stage show together, that Esteban had been a miracle by not inheriting the virus. She then says she is returning to stay with Esteban\'s grandparents. When asking Huma about Nina, she becomes melancholic and leaves. Agrado tells Manuela that Nina went back to her town, got married, and had a fat, ugly baby boy. Almodóvar dedicates his film "To all actresses who have played actresses. To all women who act. To men who act and become women. To all the people who want to be mothers. To my mother." Almodovar recreates the accident scene from John Cassavetes\' Opening Night as the epicenter of the dramatic conflict.'] ['Beverly Sutphin  appears to be a typical suburban housewife living with her dentist husband Eugene  and their children, Misty  and Chip  in the suburbs of Baltimore. Behind her chipper façade, however, she is a serial killer, murdering people over the smallest criticism, insult or slight. The film opens with the Sutphin family having breakfast and Beverly attentively taking care of family\'s needs until two police officers arrive to question the family about the mail threats and obscene phone calls to a fellow resident of the area, Dottie Hinkle. After a brief interview the family members and the police leave the house to begin their day, except Beverly who goes to the upstairs master bedroom and makes obscene phone calls by changing her voice to Dottie, revealing herself as the predator who has been bothering her. The reason for this is that Dottie stole a parking space from Beverly at the mall. Beverly\'s friend and neighbor, Rosemary Ackerman enters the house and surprises her as she finishes her prank call. This is so she can lend Beverly her sewing supplies and materials, including a pair of scissors. The first murder she is known to commit occurs after Beverly attends a PTA where Mr. Stubbins , Chip\'s high school math teacher, criticizes her son\'s morbid fascination with violent horror films and further questions the strength of family unit as well as recommending therapy for Chip. She runs him over with her car, killing him. A woman smoking marijuana witnesses the incident. The following morning, Beverly\'s husband, Eugene is called into the office by Betty Sterner. Misty is upset when she gets stood up by a date, Carl Pageant , proclaiming her desire to kill him. Beverly cautions Misty about using words she doesn\'t mean and subsequently sees the police investigating her trash cans and her car. Beverly skillfully deflects the cops\' questions before her husband asks the cops to leave. Later, seeing Carl with another girl  at a local indoor swap meet, Beverly impales him in a men\'s restroom with a fireplace poker that Rosemary, who came along, had purchased. Again a miscreant, a pervert, looking through a hole in one of the stalls, witnesses Beverly hiding in a toilet stall following the murder. Among the first to suspect Beverly\'s crimes is her neighbor, Dottie Hinkle, the person to whom she had been making obscene phone calls and sending threatening letters. After both coincidentally meet at Rosemary\'s house one afternoon, Beverly asks Rosemary a question in a similar tone of voice she used in her calls to Dottie, making Dottie realize the person harassing her is Beverly. After being interviewed by the police at his dental office, Beverly\'s husband Eugene uncovers disturbing items hidden under their mattress, including an autographed beefcake photo of Richard Speck , an audiotape of Ted Bundy (voice of [[John Waters , and a scrapbook filled with newspaper clippings of Jonestown and Charles Manson. After realizing her mother\'s role in Carl\'s death, Misty visits the video store where her brother works and announces to Chip and his friends, "Our mother is Charles Manson." That evening over dinner, Beverly\'s son comments that his friend Scotty thinks that she is the killer. Beverly dismisses this, but promptly gets up from the table and leaves. A moment later, the family hears Beverly\'s car driving away and set off in pursuit, thinking she is going to kill Scotty. Beverly\'s husband and children go to Scotty\'s house and break in only to find him alive and masturbating to a pornographic movie. The police barge in as well, to Scotty\'s further embarrassment. Beverly, in fact, is going to kill the Sterners and after some very skillful driving evades the police car following her. Upon arriving at the Sterners\' house, she spies on the Sterners who are having a chicken dinner, angering her as Beverly is an avid bird watcher. This, in concert with the fact that Betty called Eugene into the office on a Saturday morning as well as disregarding her husband\'s advice about not eating sweets , makes Beverly decide they must die. Beverly promptly sneaks into the house via the upstairs window in the bedroom and hides under the bed. When Betty opens the closet, Beverly stabs her in the stomach with scissors. When Ralph runs upstairs, he finds his wife dead and Beverly unsuccessfully tries to throw the same pair of scissors at him and kill him. Ralph runs outside calling for help and Beverly topples an air conditioner onto him, killing him. When the Sutphins go to church that Sunday , they hear a news report on the car radio naming Beverly as the suspect in two more murders — Betty  and Ralph Sterner . The family silently come to the conclusion that Beverly is indeed the murderer. When they arrive at church, they are met with suspicion and fear by the other congregants. The church\'s message board announces that the day\'s sermon is "Capital Punishment & You". The church service ends in pandemonium when a suspicious sound causes everyone, except Beverly, to panic and flee the church, including the minister. Police detectives confirm that Beverly\'s fingerprints match those at the Sterner crime scene and attempt to arrest her, but she manages to escape. She hides at the video rental store where her son works. She overhears a customer named Mrs. Jensen bickering with Chip over paying a fee for failing to rewind a videotape. After renting the film version of Annie, Mrs. Jensen calls Chip a "son of a psycho". Beverly sneaks out and follows Mrs. Jensen home, where Mrs. Jensen begins to watch the opening credits of Annie and sing along to "Tomorrow", then bludgeons her to death with a leg of lamb. She then notices one of Chip\'s friends, Scotty , spying from a window and begins chasing him. She tries to stab him with a knife through the car\'s convertible roof while yelling at him, "Wear your seat belt! It\'s the law!" Scotty drives off, but Beverly carjacks a passing van and follows him to Hammerjack\'s, where an all-girl band named Camel Lips ([[L7  is playing. Scotty tries to escape by running on stage, but Beverly causes a light fixture to fall on him and sets him on fire using a cigarette lighter and an aerosol can onstage in front of the deranged crowd listening to the band. Her family arrives and the police arrest Beverly, while the crowd cheer in support for "Serial Mom", as Beverly has been named by the media. Her trial becomes a national sensation. Having already been dubbed "Serial Mom", a TV movie about the case starring Suzanne Somers is planned. Chip hires an agent to manage the family\'s media appearances, while Misty and her new boyfriend, a reporter for The Baltimore Sun, sell merchandise about their mother\'s trial outside the courthouse. During opening arguments, Beverly notices that a member of the jury  is wearing white shoes after Labor Day, a fashion faux pas, during the whole trial. When Beverly brings this to the attention of her own attorney, he dismisses the comment, and claims that Beverly is not guilty by reason of insanity. She asks that her lawyer be fired and that she be permitted to represent herself. The judge reluctantly agrees and the trial begins. Beverly proves to be quite formidable defending herself at trial. When Dottie Hinkle testifies that Beverly is her prank phone caller, Beverly\'s courtroom antics cause Dottie to explode in a cursing fit, destroying her credibility and the judge holds her in contempt of court. When Rosemary Ackerman takes the stand, Beverly destroys her credibility by revealing that it was Ackerman\'s magazine which was the source for the nuisance letters to Dottie Hinkle, Ackerman\'s firepoker , which was used to kill Carl Pageant, and Ackerman\'s scissors  that were found at the Sterner murder scene. Beverly gets Ackerman to admit she doesn\'t recycle, which provokes exaggerated disgust from the jury. During the testimony of Marvin Pickles , who had seen her through a peephole in the restroom stall with the poker just before Carl\'s murder, Beverly fans her legs, sexually arousing the man and confusing him into to saying he had lied and never saw Beverly in the stall. Lu-Ann Hodges, the stoner who saw Beverly\'s car drive over Mr. Stubbins is discredited by her intoxicated demeanor, only recalling a blue car rather than a blue station wagon. Beverly questions Detective Gracey about the merits of judging her by her reading materials, which he obtained by searching her garbage, bolstering her own argument by displaying a porno magazine, Chicks with Dicks, which she claims was found in the detective\'s trash by her garbage man friends . During the second detective\'s testimony, the entire courtroom is starstruck and distracted from crucial evidence by the sudden appearance of Suzanne Somers, who would be portraying Beverly as the heroine of a television movie. When the verdict is read and Beverly is found not guilty on all charges, she laughs and announces "Oh, I\'m coming home!" to her family, who are clearly stunned and unnerved by her acquittal, they vow to "Never get on her nerves". During the post-trial interviews, Beverly follows the juror wearing white shoes to a pay phone in a conveniently empty ladies\' room. After lecturing the juror on the folly of wearing white after Labor Day and refusing to accept her apologies, Beverly kills the juror by striking her in the head hard with the payphone receiver. She joins her family just as Somers wants to have a picture taken with Beverly, who doesn\'t want to. Beverly gets increasingly angry at Somers\' insistence before yelling at her "Suzanne Somers! This is my bad side!" At that moment someone discovers the juror\'s body and begins screaming. Somers realizes what Beverly\'s family already knows: that the woman Somers pretentiously labeled a "feminist heroine" is indeed "Serial Mom". The film ends with a close-in on Beverly\'s face, as her lips quiver into a small but diabolical smile and a screen appears displaying the message that Beverly "refused to cooperate" with the making of the film, further playing on the premise of the film\'s reality.'] ["Tom  and Dan  meet in a bar and then proceed to Tom's apartment together. While there, Dan realizes that he had been in that same apartment before. Five years earlier, Dan and Tom had a one night stand there. According to Tom, that encounter with Dan was his first and only homosexual experience. Some years later, Tom's wife is found to be HIV positive. Despondent after receiving this diagnosis from her doctor, Tom's wife drives through a red traffic light and is killed in an ensuing collision. Subsequent to these events, medical tests reveal that Tom is also HIV positive. Tom blames himself for passing HIV on to his wife and, in turn, he blames Dan for passing the virus on to him. Reasoning that Dan, ultimately, is to blame for his wife's death, Tom devises a plan to exact revenge. He holds Dan hostage, keeping him bound and gagged to a chair in his apartment. He draws blood from Dan in order to conduct a test to determine Dan's HIV status. If Dan's test results are positive for HIV, Tom vows to kill Dan. If the results are negative, Tom agrees to release Dan unharmed. In the end, Tom returns to the apartment and lets Dan go. As Dan is leaving, Tom asks him when he had last been tested. A few moments later, he reveals that Dan's test was, in fact, positive. He decided to let Dan go because he realized that his positive status was the result of his choices which he couldn't blame on anyone else. The screen fades with Dan standing in Tom's doorway, in shock, and Tom resigned to his fate."] ["As a favor to his hippy sister who has gone off to India, Pedro, a gay dentist, has agreed to look after his nine-year-old nephew, Bernardo. Bernardo’s father is dead and the boy and his uncle have not had much to do with each other until now. Originally, the boy was to stay with Pedro for a few days, but six weeks have passed with no word from the boy's mother. His nephew’s presence forces Pedro to take a break from his otherwise extremely active sex life. In fact, Pedro was beginning to tire of the superficial nature of his many relationships. Even his boyfriend, Manuel, who suddenly pays Pedro a visit and who shares his penchant for leather and latex, is not really the man with whom he wants to spend the rest of his life, despite of the fact that they express love for each other. Then, all at once, an entirely different set of problems crops up. For one there’s Doña Teresa, Bernardo’s paternal grandmother, who one day darkens Pedro’s door and puts the emotional screws on him. Worse still, however, is the news that Bernardo’s mother has been arrested in India for drug smuggling. She may be facing a prison sentence of thirty years, so the embassy informs Pedro. Pedro is just as shocked at this news as Bernardo; nevertheless, he realizes that he is now responsible for the boy. Without further ado, he decides to rise to the challenge this represents. There suddenly seem to be so many things to organize – such as repairs to the house and finding a school for the boy – that Pedro hardly misses the life he used to lead. Gradually, however, he succeeds in rekindling his sex life – albeit in a less excessive form. Then Doña Teresa puts in another appearance, this time demanding custody of Bernardo. But Pedro is ready to fight for the boy’s welfare. After illegally obtaining his medical history  and hiring a private investigator who obtains pictures of Pedro on a night out in a gay club, and threatening him with both, he ends up letting her put Bernardo in a boarding school. When his grandmother goes to visit him later on revealing Pedro's HIV status , Bernardo reveals that he already knew from his mother, and that his mother was HIV positive as well. She then reveals that he is in the hospital with pneumonia. He then tells her that he hates her and that it's her fault that he's currently in the hospital, because he wasn't there to care for him. Three years pass, during which several letters go back and forth between Bernardo, Pedro, his mother and his grandmother. We then see Bernardo and two of his friends, a boy and girl, at a funeral, and a casket being lowered, although it is not immediately revealed whose funeral this is. Shortly after, a cab pulls up with Pedro inside, out of the hospital and healthy, and he expresses lament at the passing of Bernardo's grandmother. After a brief conversation, Bernardo returns to his two friends, kisses both, and parts from them, leaving the viewer to wonder whether or not he's romantically involved with one of them. Bernardo then returns to his uncle and they ride away together in the cab."] ['Jerri Blank , a 46-year-old former high school dropout and self-described "junkie whore", is released from prison and returns to her childhood home. She discovers her mother has died, her father, Guy , has remarried to the hateful Sara Blank , and she has an arrogant half-brother Derrick ([[Joseph Cross . To make matters worse, her father is in a "stress-induced coma". Taking the suggestion of the family doctor  literally, Jerri decides to pick her life back up where she left it, beginning her high school all over again as a freshman at Flatpoint High. Jerri joins Chuck Noblet\'s  science fair team, the Fig Neutrons, along with her new friends, Megawatti Sucarnaputri   and Tammi Littlenut . Noblet is not pleased to learn that Principal Onyx Blackman  has hired a ringer for their team, Roger Beekman , to ensure that Flatpoint wins, and so Noblet creates a second team. As she struggles to fit in and make her teammates proud, Jerri discovers that though the faces may have changed, the hassles of high school are just the same.'] ["{{plot|dateContinuity This film continues the subplot that explores Strachey's past in the armed services, started in Third Man Out."] ['The story is set and filmed on Thamesmead, a working class area of South East London dominated by post-war council estates.{{cite news}} Jamie , a teen who is infatuated with his classmate, Ste, has to deal with his single mother Sandra , who is pre-occupied with ambitious plans to run her own pub and with an ever-changing string of lovers, the latest of whom is Tony , a neo-hippie. Sandra finds herself at odds with Leah , a sassy and rude neighbour who has been expelled from school, does several drugs, and constantly listens and sings along to her mother\'s Cass Elliot records. While Jamie\'s homosexuality remains concealed, his introvert nature and dislike of football are reason enough for his classmates to bully him at every opportunity. Ste , who is living together with his drug-dealing brother and abusive, alcoholic father in the flat next door, is one night beaten by his brother so badly that Sandra takes pity and lets him sleep over. In the absence of a third bed, Ste has to make do with sleeping \'top-to-toe\' with Jamie. On the second night they share a bed: after a massage and a minor conversation, the boys soon change sleeping arrangements and Jamie kisses Ste for the first time. The next morning, Ste panics and leaves before Jamie awakens, avoiding him for days. Jamie works up the nerve to steal a Gay Times from a newsagent, apparently starting to accept his sexuality and affection for Ste. Jamie finally spots Ste at a nearby party and confronts him; they prepare to leave together. The party ends badly, with Sandra taking vengeance on Leah for gossiping, who then threatens to \'spill the beans\' about Ste and Jamie and confesses to having covered up for Ste in front of his father and brother. Ste reacts poorly, angrily rejecting Jamie and running away. Slowly, Ste accepts Jamie\'s love and their relationship begins to develop as they visit a gay pub together. Sandra follows them and discovers their secret, and the film reaches its climax as a bad trip by Leah  precipitates Sandra\'s breakup with Tony; the news of Sandra\'s new job comes out; and Sandra confronts Ste and Jamie. Sandra comes to accept her son\'s relationship. The film ends with the two boys slow-dancing in the courtyard of their council flats to the Cass Elliot song "Dream a Little Dream of Me", while a guarding Sandra dances defiantly at their side with Leah as the local residents look on; some of them shocked, some of them enjoying the moment themselves.'] ["Marcos comes to Madrid to live with his aunt and uncle and work in their restaurant. He dreams of opening a restaurant of his own one day and of finding love. Love he finds in Daniel, a struggling young actor. The two quickly fall into a torrid relationship and Marcos moves in with Daniel. Their love is symbolized by a poster of Boy George that Marcos gives to Daniel, to commemorate where they first kissed . One night the couple is at a karaoke bar and, while they sing a duet, Marcos is injured by a falling disco ball. When he awakens the next day, he is no longer in love with Daniel and has even seemingly become straight. Although he tries for a short time to maintain a relationship with Daniel, eventually he moves back in with his family. He meets Marisol, a Dominican immigrant, and they fall in love. Desperate to win Marcos back, Daniel hatches a crazy scheme. He'll dress as a woman and win Marcos away from Marisol. His plan, inevitably, backfires and Daniel is humiliated. The film ends several years in the future. Marcos and Daniel run into each other at an airport and catch up. Marcos has opened his own restaurant and he and Marisol are married with several children. Daniel has become a movie star and has also gotten a happy romantic ending, pointing out his new love - Boy George ."] ['Pablo is a struggling poet who is living with HIV in Buenos Aires. Over the course of a year he deals with issues relating to his health, his family, his search for love and his developing involvement with leather fetishism. The year culminates with the publication of his diary in the form of a novel, Un Año sin amor.'] ['A Jewish doctor, Daniel Hirsh  and a young woman, Alex Greville  are both involved in a love triangle with contemporary sculptor Bob Elkin . Not only are Hirsh and Greville aware that Elkin is seeing the other but they know one another through mutual friends. Despite this, they are willing to put up with the situation through fear of losing Elkin, who switches freely between them. For Greville, the relationship is bound up with a growing disillusionment about her life, failed marriage and uneasy childhood. For Hirsh, it represents an escape from the repressed nature of his Jewish upbringing. Both realise the lack of permanence about their situation and it is only when Elkin decides to leave the country that they both come face to face . Despite their opposed situations, both come to realize that it is time to move on.'] ["Reena is a young Indian American lesbian who lives and works in New York. Her sister Sarita, who is happily married, discovers that she is infertile. Reena offers to be a surrogate mother for her sister's baby, hoping to improve her relationship with their mother, who disapproves of Reena's sexual orientation. Sarita and her husband accept Reena's offer but Sarita begins to have second thoughts. After Reena becomes pregnant, her relationship with her girlfriend Lisa suffers. When the baby is born, Reena and Lisa are reunited, as are Reena's family.{{cite book}}"] ['The movie is set around a small group of characters experiencing relationships which build and crumble before the viewers eyes. The title of the film refers to the belief, expressed by several of characters, that the goldfish retains a memory of something for only three seconds. Tom, one of the principal characters in the film, draws comparisons between this and the human tendency to jump from one relationship to the next, "forgetting" the pain that any previous one might have caused. The film shows complexities involved in straight, gay, lesbian, and bisexual relationships. Writer/director Liz Gill says the film was influenced by the work of directors Robert Altman and Richard Linklater, particularly Linklater\'s film Slacker.'] ['Violet  is forty, fabulous, and the ultimate fag hag. Fed up with up with being single, she decides to distance herself from her gay friends in order to find a straight boyfriend.'] ['The older Paul Verlaine meets the dead Arthur Rimbaud\'s sister, Isabelle, in a café in Paris. Isabelle and her mother want Verlaine to hand over any copies he may still have of Rimbaud\'s poems so that they can burn them; they fear the lewdness of his writings. Verlaine reflects on the wild relationship he had had with Rimbaud, beginning when the teenaged Rimbaud had sent his poetry to Verlaine from his home in the provinces in 1871. Verlaine, instantly fascinated, impulsively invites him to his rich father-in-law\'s home in Paris, where he lives with his young, pregnant wife. The wild, eccentric Rimbaud displays no sense of manners or decency whatever, scandalising Verlaine\'s pretentious, bourgeois in-laws. Verlaine is seduced by the 16-year-old Rimbaud\'s physical body as well as by the unique originality of his mind. The staid respectability of married, heterosexual life and easy, middle class surroundings had been stifling Verlaine\'s admittedly sybaritic literary talent. His taking up with Rimbaud is as much a rebellion and a liberation as it is a giving in to self-indulgence and masochism. Rimbaud acts as sadistically to Verlaine as does Verlaine to his young wife, whom he eventually deserts. A violent, itinerant relationship ensues between the two poets, the sad climax of which arrives in Brussels when a drunken and enraged Verlaine shoots and wounds Rimbaud and is sentenced to prison for sodomy and attempted murder. In prison, Verlaine converts to Christianity, to his erstwhile lover\'s disgust. Upon release he meets Rimbaud in Germany, vainly and mistakenly seeking to revive the relationship. The two men part, however, never to meet again. Bitterly renouncing literature in any form, Rimbaud travels the world alone, finally settling in Abyssinia  to run a "trading post". There he has a mistress and possibly a young boy-lover. A tumor in his right knee forces him back to France where his leg is amputated. Nevertheless, the cancer spreads and he dies at the age of 37. When he dies, the image of one of his most famous poems, Le Dormeur du val, appears. During her conversation with Verlaine, Isabelle Rimbaud asserts that her brother had accepted confession from a priest right before he died, showing Christian penitence, which is why only the censored versions of his poetry should survive. Verlaine pretends to agree but tears up her card after she leaves. Later, Verlaine, drinking absinthe , sees a vision of the sixteen-year-old Rimbaud, returned from some transcendent realm to express the love and respect Verlaine has thus posthumously earned. The film ends with the young Rimbaud walking alone on a mountain range, Verlaine proclaiming that they were both happy together, and Rimbaud claiming to have finally found eternity.'] ['Barbara Covett  teaches history at a comprehensive school in London. A lonely old spinster, Barbara\'s only "intimate relationship" is with herself by means of a diary. When a new, younger teacher, Sheba Hart , starts at the school, Barbara feels drawn to her and believes that she "may be the one". Barbara discovers that Sheba is having an affair with a student, Steven Connolly ([[Andrew Simpson , and confronts her. When Sheba asks her not to tell the school administration until Christmas so that she can be with her family, Barbara explains she has no intention of telling, as long as she ends the relationship. However, Sheba does not end the affair with Steven, causing Barbara to taunt her emotionally and draw her down, leading her to end the affair with Steven. In months passing, Barbara\'s grasp on Sheba slowly starts to take hold, with Barbara manipulating and emotionally blackmailing her, causing her attentions to be divided between her family and Barbara. When Barbara\'s cat dies and Sheba\'s loyalties are easily divided, Sheba\'s husband Richard shouts in anger that her friend is being an evident pain and that his wife is being twisted by Barbara. Alone and feeling betrayed, Barbara seeks revenge by revealing Sheba\'s affair to a fellow teacher who comes to her asking her if Sheba is interested in him. The fellow teacher spreads the "playground rumour" to Steven\'s mother. Mrs. Connolly then comes to Sheba\'s home and hits Sheba. Afterwards, Sheba and her husband Richard bitterly argue. In Barbara\'s voice-over, she reveals she is glad that they are arguing, knowing that Sheba will come to her for comfort, which had been Barbara\'s plan to start with. The next day, the media, as well as the school administration, are alerted, and Sheba\'s affair and her life are turned upside down by the collapse of her marriage, the destroyed relationship with her children and the loss of her job. Barbara is fired from the school after denying to the headmaster that she knew of the relationship; he confronts her with a copy of a restraining order taken out against Barbara by another fellow teacher whom she had previously befriended. Sheba ends up moving into Barbara\'s house, believing that the affair became known because Steven confessed it to his mother, but Sheba soon finds Barbara\'s diary and learns that it was Barbara who leaked the story of the affair, on account of the rather sexual attraction Barbara seems to have for her. When Barbara returns from a shopping round, she is confronted by a furious Sheba, who strikes her in anger. Barbara says she has done her a favour by getting her out of a hopeless marriage. The two of them continue to shout and fight with one another, and Sheba claims that Barbara never really liked her, but in fact manipulated her for her own personal needs. Sheba runs outside with Barbara\'s journal, to streams of reporters and photographers. She shouts at them in a deluded fashion, but becomes hemmed in by a crush of reporters and photographers, at which point Barbara rescues her. Sheba\'s emotions spent, she quietly tells Barbara that she had initiated the friendship because she had liked her  and they could have been friends. Barbara says she needs more than a friend. Sheba leaves Barbara, placing the journal on the table. Sheba returns to her family home. Richard answers the door. The two face one another silently for several moments, and then Richard allows her to enter. Sheba is sentenced to 10 months, and the last scene is Barbara meeting another younger woman who is reading a newspaper reporting the Sheba Hart affair. Barbara says she used to know Sheba, but then downplays the relationship by acting as if they hardly knew each other. Barbara quickly introduces herself, and the other woman introduces herself as Annabel. The pair continue to talk. Barbara mentions attending a classical concert and invites Annabel to join her.'] ['The movie, set in Bangor, Maine, is based on some of Verow\'s experiences in Maine. Joe , 18 year old high school senior lives with his single mother and his older sister Teresa , who works in a convenience store. They live in a notorious estate called the "Capehart Projects". Joe dreams of moving away from town for attending an arts school. Joe is attracted to men and has a crush on his friend Andrew , a football player in his high school. Upon the encouragement of Joe\'s friend Kris  and Andrew\'s friend Mandy , they explore their mutual attraction for each other and fall further in love. Kris and Mandy also experiment sex together. During one of his first sexual encounters with Andrew, Joe also admits to Andrew having been gang-raped by three older men, after witnessing his older friend Tim being raped by the same men at the warehouse he works in. Meanwhile Joe is determined to leave town to pursue arts and design studies at a college in Rhode Island, particularly after his sister leaves to Los Angeles having robbed the convenience store she has been working in for years to arrange for her airline ticket. Joe has a fling with the French language teacher in a bathroom and then blackmails him to get good grades, and to get the crucial recommendation he needs, as his passport to arts school. Joe also befriends an elderly disabled artist named Victor  who hires him as a model and a house boy. Joe actually moves in with Victor in his loft above the local opera house. For securing his services and occasional sexual favors, Victor provides Joe with recommendation and help to be accepted to an arts school, and decides to commit suicide with an overdose of drugs leaving all his money and possessions to Joe to fulfill his dreams. Andrew sinks into further trouble, theft and heavy drinking, while he\'s trying to reconcile with his own sexuality and what he wants to do with the rest of his life, and how can he keep Joe who is determined to go away. During their escapades to nearby Styxx gay venue, Joe happens to recognize his childhood friend Tim , now a gay man, but Tim shoves him off. Joe also recognizes one of his tormenters at the club and decides to get even with the help of Andrew, but insisting beforehand to make him realize that he was the boy the man had raped. The film ends with Joe and Andrew contemplating on what they need to do with their lives.'] ['One week before her vaginoplasty, Sabrina \'Bree\' Osbourne  receives a phone call from Toby Wilkins , a 17-year-old jailed in New York City. He asks for Stanley Schupak , claiming to be his son. Bree was previously unaware she had a son; she now wants to break with her past and renounce him. However, Bree\'s therapist  refuses permission for her operation if she does not face up to her past. Bree flies from Los Angeles to New York to bail Toby out of jail. Toby is a small-time drug user and male hustler. His mother committed suicide, after which he was raised by his stepfather, whom he does not want to see again. Bree pretends to be a Christian missionary and persuades Toby to ride with her back to the West Coast, secretly planning to leave him at his stepfather\'s along the way. When they arrive in the fictional town of Callicoon, Kentucky{{cite web}} it turns out that Toby\'s stepfather molested him as a child, and so this plan fails. Toby and Bree continue to Los Angeles together. They also stop by a house where a group of transsexuals are hosting a gender pride gathering. During the trip when Bree has to urinate, Toby accidentally discovers that Bree is transsexual. He is open-minded about it, but is angry that Bree had not told him. After their car and money are stolen by a "peyote shaman" hitchhiker , Toby makes some money by prostituting himself to a truck driver. To Bree he pretends that he got the money from selling some drugs he had taken along for his own use. They get a ride with a kindly rancher Calvin Many Goats ([[Graham Greene  to Bree\'s parents\' house in Phoenix, Arizona. Here they find her conservative and self-centred mother Elizabeth , her Jewish father Murray , and her rebellious and sarcastic sister Sydney . Elizabeth disapproves of Bree\'s transsexuality , but is excited to find out she has a grandson. She is kind to Toby and invites him to stay and live with them. Toby likes the luxury and kindness, but hesitates because he doesn\'t like how disrespectful they are to Bree. Realizing he has feelings for Bree, he proposes to have sex with her, saying that he will marry her if she wants. Bree realizes she must tell Toby the truth, that she was his real father. Toby is angry that Bree had not disclosed this earlier. Overnight he steals money from the house and disappears. Bree returns to L.A. She has a completely successful surgery, but isn\'t happy because she feels she messed up with Toby. The therapist visits her in recovery and Bree cries on her shoulder. Some months later Toby has bleached his hair and become an actor in gay pornography films in L.A. Bree is vibrant, happy, and enjoying her job as a waitress at the restaurant where she was formerly washing-up. The film ends with Toby showing up at Bree\'s door, and the two reconciled.'] ["1987 Oklahoma: Danielle Edmondston  is a troubled and promiscuous high school student. She argues with her mother, Sue-Ann , who is about to marry a Mormon, Ray , and amidst the chaos she befriends Clarke Walters , a shy, gay classmate. Together, they flee in a car owned by Clarke's homophobic father, Joseph , and embark on a road trip to Fresno, where Danielle expects to find her birth father, Danny Briggs. Meanwhile, Sue-Ann and Clarke's mother, Peggy , chase after them. Joseph breaks into Danielle's house in an attempt to find Clarke, only to find that the entire family is gone in vacation, besides Danielle, who has already left with Clarke. Joseph is then arrested for breaking into the house. He calls Peggy to bail him out, only to find out that Peggy refuses to let him out and that she will not allow him to harm Clarke for being homosexual anymore. Joseph, aggravated, has to stay in the cell until a judge can see him. On the way, Danielle and Clarke pick up a hitch-hiker named Joel , who after they stop for rest, has sex with Clarke. Clarke awakens the next morning to find that he is gone, leaving him heartbroken. Clarke blames Danielle for this. After seemingly moving on and getting back in the car, it breaks down on the side of he road. Clarke and Danielle continue on foot, trying to rent a car, only to find Joseph has been released from prison and has reported their credit card stolen. Desperate for money, the two enter a bar and Danielle enters a stripping contest. After she is booed profusely, Clarke realizes that it is a biker gay bar. Danielle tells him he must strip instead. Clarke is cheered as he dances, but is caught by Joseph who enters during this. Danielle collects the prize money, but they are both taken in Joseph's other car. Clarke provokes his father into pulling the car over to attack him, while he tells Danielle to flee. Danielle manages to make it to a bus station, upset having to had leave Clarke behind. She finds her father's  house, where she is met by her mother, who asks her to leave. Danielle manages to make it to her father, who rejects her, revealing he has a young daughter. Sad, Danielle goes home, later learning that Clarke's father has sent him to military school. Danielle enters the talent show and sings Don't Cry Out Loud by Melissa Manchester, who is Clarke's favorite singer. As she breaks down singing, Clarke enters dressed in a military uniform. They finish the song together and get into Danielle's car. Clarke reveals that his mother let him out of military school and that his father is now in an apartment alone. Danielle, with a less rebellious attitude, and Clarke, now no longer afraid to be himself, drive off into the sunset."] ['The plot is concerned with six teenagers, four of whom are gay men, the other two a "traditional" lesbian couple. The plot is spliced with segments of other material and occasional tangents not central to the plot, but it mainly follows a linear structure. Araki has constructed the film in 15 parts, which is described in the opening titles. The film details the lives and romances of the six characters, before ultimately culminating at a climax at which there is an epilogue-like reaction from five of the characters before the film ends and the blue font credits appear.'] ["A loner gunman named Maek is assigned to kidnap a police informant named Iht, but Maek has a change of heart when he takes Iht to the 'hit house'. Maek is ordered to kill Iht, but because he only kills scum and has discovered that Iht isn't bad, he refuses, turning the gun on the enforcers who had hired him to murder Iht. A gun battle ensues during which Maek is wounded, but Iht grabs Maek's gun and shoots their way out of the mobsters' headquarters. The two men then escape on Maek's motorcycle. Maek tells Iht to leave at gun point but he won't and takes Maek back to his rooftop hide-out. There, over a period of time, Iht tends to Maek's wound and finds himself attracted to him. In fact, Maek is also attracted to Iht, but keeps it hidden, while Iht cares for his former would-be killer with great tenderness. While giving Maek a bath one day, Iht kisses him on the mouth. Maek reciprocates and the two men engage in a passionate sexual experience. The next day, however, a conflicted Maek demands that Iht go away and leave him alone. Iht returns home to his fiancee, Sai, but is no longer interested in continuing a relationship with her. Iht spends his days pining over Maek, and tracks down Maek's brother, Mhok, and their mother. Mhok is HIV positive, as the result of sexual abuse by his and Maek's stepfather, and their mother is dying of AIDS. Maek remains elusive, hiding from Iht when he visits the hideout, but leaving signs that he's there so Iht will return. Though Maek avoids making contact with Iht, eventually he goes to visit his mother and brother, and Iht corners him at the entrance to the building, declaring his love for Maek and stressing how much he misses him. They kiss passionately. They are unfortunately covertly observed by Sai, Iht's live-in fiancee. Maek's dream is to take his mother and brother away from Bangkok to the mountains of Mae Hong Son Province. But after Maek's mother overhears that Mhok has prostituted himself to survive after contracting AIDS from his stepfather, she commits suicide by hanging herself. The brothers take her down, and as they are rushing her from the apartment, she is killed by a gunshot fired by an unseen sniper. The bullet is presumably intended for Maek. Maek's former mobster employers are gunning for him and Iht. Maek decides to hunt them down first, and he succeeds in killing them. After Mohk informs Iht what Maek is doing, Iht goes to the capo's house to try to stop Maek, but he is too late and misses Maek by a second. Iht is injured when the capo's wife shoots at a clock that shatters in Iht's face. Maek, meanwhile meets his brother at the railway station to leave Bangkok for good. But before he can board the train, he is apprehended by the police and taken away. Mhok breaks down. He's the sole witness to his brother being apprehended. Years pass by. Iht visits Maek in prison and reveals that he was left blind in the final gunbattle with Maek's ex-boss. Mhok commits suicide while at a Hospice of Watphrabahtnamphu in Lopburi because he no longer has the energy to fight his disease. Eventually, Maek is released from prison, and Iht meets him. But before the two men can leave to start their life together, Maek is shot dead by a single bullet fired by an unseen assassin. A bewildered, blind Iht collapses over his lover's corpse, swearing his love for him again and again. Iht eventually regains his sight, and is finally able to view on his mobile phone a video recorded by Maek himself many years before, admitting that all along, he had loved Iht and that he would love him to his last breath."] ['{{Plot}} Grace Beasley has been content with life as a housewife in Chicago. One morning, Grace wins tickets to a concert by her favorite singer, Victor Fox. Grace is ecstatic, but when she tells her husband, Max, he tells her that he is leaving her. Grace has lunch with her outspoken daughter-in-law, Maudey, only to learn that Grace\'s son, Andrew, has also walked out on her. Grace attends Victor\'s concert, only to learn that Victor has been delayed and the concert will be rescheduled. Heartbroken, Grace stops at the grocery store, only to hear the PA announces that Victor has been found murdered in an underground parking garage. The crime is linked to the Cross Bow Killer. Maudy picks up Grace and, by coincidence, they visit the same bar that Victor did just before he was killed. The bartender shares Victor\'s last words with them, "A life lived in fear is not much fun." Inspired, Grace decides to attend Victor\'s funeral in England. In Victor\'s home town, Grace has tea with Victor\'s family, who tell her that Victor\'s vale, Dirk Simpson, is spreading lies that he and Victor had been lovers. Grace then meets Dirk, who reveals Victor as a gay teenager whose family disowned him. Grace and Dirk develop a bond based on their experiences. They plot to secretly change Victor\'s burial clothing to a pink robe which he often wore. Grace and Dirk then leave for Chicago to track down the Cross Bow Killer. In Chicago, Maudey contributes to the plot with a handgun. In their quest, the trio encounters a group of homeless people, who have also had friends murdered. The police arrest Grace, Maudey, and Dirk in the parking garage for suspicious behavior. They are bailed out by Max and Andrew. Dirk eventually realizes that the Cross Bow Killer targets anyone who sings. Grace, Maudey, and Dirk return to the parking garage and meet the killer. They flee and are trapped on a bridge. Dirk is wounded by the killer\'s arrow. Maudey throws her cell phone at the killer and he falls to his death. At the hospital, Grace tells Max that she is no longer willing to base their marriage on unconditional love. Max is not sure if he can change, but he respects her decision. In the end, they are lauded on Sally Jesse Raphael\'s talk show for having tracked down the killer. Dirk announces that he is turning Victor\'s home into a halfway house for gay youths. Maudey reports that a cell phone company is having her sponsor their new line of phones. Max appears in the audience and asks Grace to sing for him. Celebrity Barry Manilow walks on stage and joins Grace in a song.'] ['{{Plot}} Ali Willis  and Lisa Connelly  visit Bobby Kent  and Marty Puccio  at a sandwich shop where they work. Bobby slams Marty\'s head against a refrigerator. Marty, Bobby, Ali, and Lisa all go out on a double date. While Ali performs oral sex on Bobby, Lisa and Marty have sex and enter into a relationship. Lisa later confesses that she "loves him and would do anything for him." Lisa takes a pregnancy test and learns she is pregnant, most likely with Marty\'s child. However, prior to this, Bobby had burst into the bedroom, interrupting Marty and Lisa having sex, and beaten up Marty with the words, "I\'m next...". Although it isn\'t shown, Lisa tells her friends that she was raped by Bobby, while Marty was unconscious. She now fears the child might be his. Bobby\'s verbal abuse and cruelty worsens, culminating in an incident where Ali initially agrees to a consensual sexual encounter with him, but withdraws her consent after Bobby puts on a video of gay pornography. Bobby then rapes her. Lisa eventually proposes that the friends murder Bobby, in part to defend Marty, who has a homoerotic relationship with Bobby and is a frequent victim of emotional and physical abuse at the hands of Bobby. Ali recruits her new boyfriend, Donny , and the two of them drive to a rehabilitation center to pick up Ali\'s friend, Heather . Meanwhile Lisa recruits her cousin, Derek , to help. After some drug use, video games, and sex between Donny, Heather, and Ali, the wayward teens make their first attempt, centered on luring Bobby into another sexual encounter with Ali. The idea is for Ali to shoot him during the encounter, but she backs out and passes the gun to Lisa, who is hiding in the room, while Bobby is distracted. While Ali and Bobby are having sex, Lisa takes out the gun and aims at Bobby\'s head, but she backs out when she realizes that the gun can be traced back to them because it belongs to her mother. This failed attempt does not dampen Lisa\'s determination, as she repeatedly tells the others that she wants Bobby dead. Realizing they need help, they hire a supposed "hitman" . The "hitman" refuses to help because he believes their plan will backfire easily; he says if they can come up with a better plan, he will assist them. As the story progresses, it becomes comically apparent that the "hitman" is just a tough-talking adolescent. Initially, much of the group dismisses the entire idea as a lark, but because Lisa is so adamant, eventually they all decide to go through with it. They come up with another plan - luring Bobby to a canal, where they plan to kill him. They go to the hitman with the new plan; when he asks for justification, Ali and Lisa tell him that Bobby raped them, and they relay details about his mistreatment of Marty. The hitman agrees someone like that deserves to die and says he will help them. Derek initially thinks they are simply going to size Bobby up, but Lisa makes it clear to him that she plans to see Bobby dead. It becomes apparent that while Lisa, Marty and the hitman are serious about carrying out the murder, the other teenagers are indifferent. As the teenagers arrive at the swamp, the hitman tells them what to do: Ali is to coax Bobby near the edge of the swamp away from the group. If Bobby does not suspect any trouble, Heather is to give the group a signal by going up to them and asking if there are any alligators in the canal. Donny and Marty are then supposed to attack Bobby when they hear Heather\'s signal. Lisa, Derek, and the hitman are waiting nearby to make sure Bobby does not escape. After the plan is set, Heather goes up to Ali and Bobby, and nervously asks about alligators in the canal. Bobby sarcastically tells her to go skinny-dipping to find out. After Heather mentions alligators again, Donny runs up behind Bobby and stabs him in the back of the neck. Shocked by the realness of the violence, Ali, Heather, and Derek run back to Ali\'s car, with Heather panicking in the backseat. When Bobby calls to Marty for help, Marty responds by running up and stabbing him in the abdomen. Bobby pleads with Marty, begging him for forgiveness shortly before Donny stabs him multiple times. Bobby tries to escape, but falls in front of Ali\'s car, where Marty finishes him by slitting his throat, followed by the hitman bludgeoning him with a baseball bat. Lisa witnesses it all, shocked but never turning away. Finally, the hitman drags Derek out of the car and demands his assistance in dumping the body in the swamp, to which he reluctantly agrees. They are shocked when Bobby flinches; they still decide to dump him in the canal, believing his wounds are fatal and that alligators will destroy any evidence. Ali, Heather, and Derek plan on going home, but the hitman stops them, stating they have to plan their alibi, and they drive to North Beach to talk it over. At the beach, Marty realizes he left his knife sheath at the canal, and the hitman states they have to go back anyway because they forgot to cover the tire marks on the sand. Marty, the hitman, and Ali go to retrieve the sheath, and while there they check up on the corpse, which is now being eaten by crabs. The three then rejoin the others at North Beach. The hitman says Marty will be the first suspect since he is Bobby\'s best friend. Everyone is aware that there are serious consequences for what they\'ve done; however Lisa, Derek, Ali, and Heather do not believe they did anything wrong since they did not directly participate in Bobby\'s actual death. The hitman threatens to murder anyone who reports details of the crime to the police. Their commitment eventually unravels, however, as Derek and then Lisa reveal what they\'ve done to others, while Ali phones in an anonymous tip, alerting the media to Bobby\'s death. Lisa calls Marty to tell him that people know Bobby is dead; he becomes upset and accuses Lisa of telling someone about what happened, although Lisa falsely insists she didn\'t. Lisa accuses Ali of ratting them out and tells her they have to hide, but Ali refuses. Lisa\'s mother overhears this conversation. The hitman then sees a news story about Bobby\'s death and realizes someone talked. Ali hides out in her house; due to her hysteria, her parents do not believe her when she says she\'s been involved in a murder. Lisa eventually calls the hitman and speaks to his younger brother, who says the hitman, whose real name is Derek Kaufman, is not a hitman at all. He tells Lisa that his brother has already been arrested for the murder, and suggests that Lisa and her friends turn themselves in. Eventually, all the teenagers do just that, with the exception of Marty. A few evenings later, police officers show up at Marty\'s home; he is asleep when they come into his room to arrest him. We later see the group in court wearing prison jumpsuits; Lisa is visibly pregnant by this time. When Heather asks if Lisa will even be let out to have the baby, an argument ensues and Marty reveals that his lawyer told him that Heather and Derek ratted them all out to lighten their sentences. When the hitman, knowing what Marty\'s talking about, begins to threaten Derek, Lisa tells him to back off. When Donny says he didn\'t do anything, Marty reminds him that he stabbed Bobby. Marty and Donny begin to argue, with the entire court taking notice as they inadvertently admit during the argument that they are responsible for Bobby\'s death. At the end of the film, subtitles show the prison sentences that the teenagers received: Donny, Lisa and the hitman  receive life sentences while Heather only got 7 years and Derek got 11 due to having problems with mental health, and Ali got 40 years while Marty is sentenced to death by the electric chair.'] ['The film opens in a villa in Madrid, Spain, where Diego, the archetypical Spanish Don Juan, is in bed with a beautiful woman – who, we learn shortly, is not his wife, but someone else\'s. The couple are caught by her husband, Garcia, who "is not in Barcelona", as they previously thought. Diego, with considerable panache, fights Garcia and his five brothers with swords. During the fight, Diego\'s mute servant Paco  reads a letter  from Diego\'s father requesting that Diego return to California. Diego and Paco escape by jumping from a high wall directly into a waiting carriage. Diego and Paco arrive in Los Angeles, where they are met by Diego\'s childhood friend Esteban , who has become Capitán of the local guard. We also learn that Esteban has married Florinda , for whom the men competed when they were boys. Esteban delivers the sad news that Diego\'s father was killed in a riding accident, when his horse was frightened by a turtle. Esteban is acting Alcalde in the senior de la Vega\'s stead until a new one can be chosen by the Dons  of the area. At the meeting of the Dons, each introduces himself and where he resides. Each Don\'s surname is that of a well-known city in California, but none of the surnames and place names match, with amusing results: * Don Diego from San Fernando * Don Francisco from San Jose * Don Fernando from San Diego * Don Jose from San Bernardino * Don Luis Obispo from Bakersfield, who wears an ascot Esteban is elected Alcalde via an obviously fixed election, and gives his inaugural speech to the assembled peasants in the village plaza. He is interrupted mid-speech by Charlotte Taylor-Wilson, a wealthy political activist from Boston. She and Diego meet, and despite their political differences, there is an immediate attraction. Relaxing at the de la Vega villa, Diego receives an invitation to a masked ball to celebrate Esteban\'s election. He is also given his inheritance, which turns out to be Zorro\'s cape, hat and sword. A note from his father tells Diego the truth: his father was Zorro. Diego decides that it is the perfect costume for the ball. On the way to the ball, Diego witnesses a peasant being robbed by a criminal. Giving chase, Diego confronts and defeats the highwayman, and returns the money to the peasant, instructing him to spread the news that El Zorro has returned. At the ball, Diego  dances with Florinda while the old peasant informs the people outside that Zorro has indeed returned. At the same time, we learn that the robber was in fact Velasquez, the area\'s tax collector, who reports the theft to Alcalde Esteban – and points out Diego. A duel ensues, and Diego escapes by again jumping from a high wall, but injures his right foot in the process. Unable to walk without a noticeable limp, he hobbles away. Esteban and Velasquez plan to use the injury to track Zorro down. Later that night, a drunk Florinda attempts to seduce Diego in his bedroom, but Esteban arrives to speak about the events of the evening. Esteban begins to suspect that Diego is Zorro, but Diego is able to convince him that his foot is not injured. Esteban leaves, satisfied. A reign of terror begins, including wholesale torture and increased taxation. Diego is frustrated that, because of his injury, he cannot fulfill his destiny as Zorro. Enter Diego\'s decidedly gay twin brother Ramon, who joined the Royal Navy and adopted the pseudonym Bunny Wigglesworth. Diego brings Bunny up to date on what has been happening, and Bunny agrees to stand in as Zorro – using a whip instead of a sword, and with gaily colorful costumes. Zorro continues to elude capture, much to the anger of Esteban and the Dons. Esteban hatches a plan to lure Zorro to the Alcalde\'s residence by throwing another ball to show off Florinda\'s expensive new necklace. Seeing through the plan, Diego arrives, dressed as Zorro – and so do the rest of the Dons and male party guests, telling Esteban that a mysterious servant instructed them to dress as Zorro. Adding to the confusion, Bunny appears in drag, masquerading as \'Margarita\' Wigglesworth, Diego\'s cousin from Santa Barbara. Esteban is smitten and calls her \'Wiggy\'. Bunny succeeds in spilling a drink on Florinda, and in the resulting attempts to clean her dress, makes off with the necklace. Bunny then returns to the Royal Navy, informing Diego that Charlotte Taylor-Wilson is in love with Zorro. Diego and Charlotte confess their love for each other at the plaza, but they are seen by an operative of Esteban\'s. Esteban has her arrested and sentenced to death to again lure Zorro to capture. At the last moment, Diego surrenders to Esteban in order to save Charlotte. Zorro is immediately sentenced to death. Seconds before Diego is to be shot, Bunny returns to free his brother, and with Charlotte\'s aid they finally incite the peasants to rebellion. Esteban\'s own guards rebel as well, and at the end even Florinda turns against her husband. Esteban is defeated, and Diego and Charlotte ride off, planning their wedding.'] ['Famed playwright Sidney Bruhl debuts the latest in a series of Broadway flops and returns to his opulent Long Island home and his sympathetic but sick wife, Myra. Although their financial situation is not dire, Sidney is hungry for a hit. They are starting to feel the limit of his wife\'s fortune, so he shares with her a plan. He has received a manuscript written by one of his students that he considers near perfection. Clifford Anderson recently attended one of Sidney\'s writing workshops and now asks for his input on his play "Deathtrap." Myra\'s weak heart is not improved when her husband does not rule out eliminating Clifford and producing the play as his own. He invites Clifford to their secluded Long Island home to discuss it. Clifford arrives by train. Myra tries desperately over the course of an evening to convince Sidney to work with Clifford as equal partners, but to no avail. Sidney attacks Clifford, strangling him with a chain. Sidney removes the body but still has to convince Myra to conspire with him. She reveals nothing when they receive an unexpected visit from the psychic Helga Ten Dorp, a minor celebrity who is staying with the Bruhls\' neighbors. But Helga senses pain and death in the house; before she leaves she warns Sidney about a man in boots who will attack him. As she prepares for bed, Myra is managing to come to terms with Sidney\'s diabolical deed. All is calm until Clifford bursts through the bedroom window and beats Sidney with a log. Clifford chases Myra through the house until her heart gives out; she collapses and dies. Sidney calmly descends the stairs, uninjured, and sidles unperturbed to Clifford\'s side. They exchange a few words about what to do with Myra\'s body, then exchange a passionate kiss. Clifford moves in with Sydney. The two work together at a partner\'s desk, Sidney suffering from writer\'s block but Clifford busily typing page after page of a new play that he keeps suspiciously under lock and key. While Clifford is out grocery shopping, Sidney breaks the lock and is horrified to discover that Clifford is using the true story of Myra\'s murder as the basis of a play called "Deathtrap." Unashamed, Clifford offers to share the work and the credit. Sidney demurs until Clifford insists he\'s prepared to leave him and write the play without him. A few days later, Helga stops by, ostensibly for candles in anticipation of a predicted thunderstorm. Almost immediately after meeting Clifford, she warns Sidney that Clifford is the man in boots. Sidney doublecrosses Clifford by asking him to arm himself with an axe to demonstrate a bit of stage business, then producing a gun to dispose of Clifford and "Deathtrap." But Clifford has loaded the bullets into a different gun, and he secures Sidney to a chair with manacles, unaware they were once the property of Harry Houdini. Sidney easily releases himself, grabs a crossbow and fells Clifford with a single arrow. Before Sidney can dispose of the body the storm hits with full force, plunging him into darkness. A flash of lightning illuminates the living room and a fleeting figure scurries through. It is Helga, aware of the mortal danger at the house. Sidney finds a knife while Helga grabs a gun. Clifford regains consciousness and trips Helga. The gun goes flying and a struggle for it ensues that ... ... culminates on a stage with actors before a full house, where "Clifford" stabs "Sidney" and both die, leaving "Helga" victorious. The opening night audience erupts in thunderous applause, and at the back of the house stands Helga Ten Dorp, now the happy author of a hit Broadway play called "Deathtrap."'] ["During his murder spree, Jeffrey Dahmer  conducts sadistic experiments on his victims before he murders them. He killed one man this way in Bath, Ohio and sixteen men in the metropolitan area of Milwaukee, Wisconsin. At the same time, he rationalizes his crimes with the divorce of his parents and his emotionally isolated childhood. Nevertheless, he can't stop inviting more and more young men from bars and clubs to his home, where he kills them. Only when the young Rodney  escapes from Dahmer's apartment are the authorities able to arrest him."] ['Gerard Reve , an alcoholic, bisexual novelist, leaves Amsterdam to deliver a lecture at the Vlissingen Literary Society. There, he becomes sexually involved with its attractive treasurer, Christine Halslag , who is alternately described as a witch, black widow, Delilah and the Devil. The Virgin Mary appears to him in visions to show that he is targeted as her fourth victim. Mary says, "Anyone given a warning must listen to it." Gerard listens and his life is spared. He passes on the warning to Herman, Christine\'s other lover, who ignores it, thinking that Gerard is trying to scare him off so that he can have Christine for himself. The movie ends with Herman\'s death, Christine\'s selection of a fifth victim and Gerard\'s future uncertain.'] ["The film suggests Nijinsky was driven into madness by both his consuming ambition and self-enforced heterosexuality, the latter prompted by his romantic involvement with Romola de Pulszky, a society girl who joins impresario Sergei Diaghilev's Ballets Russes specifically to seduce Nijinsky. After a series of misunderstandings with Diaghilev, who is both his domineering mentor and possessive lover, Nijinsky succumbs to Romola's charms and marries her, after which his gradual decline from artistic moodiness to complete lunacy begins."] ["The film revolves around the relationship between two high school students, Yoo Shi-eun ([[Lee Young-jin  and Min Hyo-shin . As the two girls become romantically involved, their taboo friendship causes them to be marginalized by the other students. Unable to cope with the social pressures of having a lover of the same gender, Shi-Eun tries to distance herself from the increasingly dependent Hyo-shin. Hyo-shin reacts poorly to Shi-eun's changed attitude, viewing it as both a betrayal and rejection. Hyo-shin consequently commits suicide by jumping off of the school roof. It is also heavily implied that she was pregnant at the time of death, the father being literature teacher Mr. Goh. The plot unfurls in a nonlinear fashion, often from the perspective of fellow student Soh Min-ah . Min-ah grows increasingly invested in Shi-eun and Hyo-shin when she finds a diary kept between the two alienated girls. This diary allows her disturbing insights to the nature of the relationship and pulls her deeper into a strange chain of events around the school. After Hyo-shin's death, supernatural occurrences start to terrorize all of the students that condemned the relationship. It is later revealed that Hyo-shin's spirit is malevolently haunting the school through the remnants she left behind in the diary."] ['A failed playwright, Henry Harrison, develops an odd mentor relationship with Louis Ives, a troubled, cross-dressing, aspiring writer to whom Henry sublets a room in his New York apartment. Henry teaches Louis the art of being an "extra man," accompanying and entertaining wealthy older women in their fanciful social lives. Along the way, Louis encounters an environmentally conscious co-worker, Mary Powell, and a jealous, eccentric neighbor, Gershon.'] ["Karen Silkwood , a worker at the Kerr-McGee Cimarron Fuel Fabrication Site , shares a ramshackle house with two co-workers, her boyfriend Drew Stephens  and her lesbian friend Dolly Pelliker . She makes plutonium fuel rods for nuclear reactors, where she deals with the threat of exposure to radiation. She has become a union activist, concerned that corporate practices may adversely affect the health of workers. She is also engaged in a conflict with her former common-law husband in an effort to have more time with their three children. Because the plant has fallen behind on a major contract, employees are required to work long hours of overtime. She believes that managers are falsifying safety reports and cutting corners wherever possible, risking the welfare of the personnel. Karen approaches the union with her concerns and becomes active in lobbying for safeguards. She travels to Washington, D.C. to testify before the Atomic Energy Commission. She interacts with union officials who appear to be more interested in the publicity she is generating than her welfare and that of her co-workers. When Silkwood and other workers become contaminated by radiation, plant officials try to blame her for the incident. When she discovers that negatives of photographs of faulty fuel rods have been retouched and records of inadequate safety measures have been altered, she decides to conduct an investigation of her own. Complications arise in her personal life when Angela, a funeral parlor beautician, joins the household as Dolly's lover. Unable to deal with Silkwood's obsession with gathering evidence, her lover Drew moves out. Once she feels she has gathered sufficient documentation, Silkwood contacts a reporter from the New York Times and arranges a nighttime meeting. In the film's final moments, the scene fades out as Silkwood, on her way to the meeting, sees approaching headlights in her rear-view mirror, which draw up so close that they blind her and make her unable to watch the road ahead. The scene fades in on the aftermath of her fatal one-car crash, and the viewer is left to decide whether the crash was an accident."] ["Blue collar Johnnie Maher has emigrated from Ireland to The Bronx, where he works as a construction worker by day and parties with his friends at night, gathering at a pub owned by his Uncle Trump to drink and sing or at someone's apartment to play cards and snort cocaine. He also suffers from nightmares from earlier traumatic experiences. Although he has a girlfriend, he explores his sexuality, dons makeup and a feather boa and begins to spend time in Manhattan gay bars catering to S&M/bisexual lifestyles, where he meets a young hustler named Christian, and the two become romantically involved. As his troubles accumulate, he loses his job and his girlfriend, he still has to face his demons and earlier child abuse."] ['Soyo  is a quiet, conscientious sixth form student. Although he doesn’t enjoy school, he attends dutifully, without a word of complaint. And then, one day, he discovers inline skating. A complete beginner, he practices at first in a hidden corner of the park. Here, he meets a group of wild skaters and immediately, one skater, Mogi , catches his eye. His adventurous jumps and breathtaking loops defy all laws of gravity. Mogi is without doubt the star of the group. His stunts, his style and the cool way he executes even the most daring of figures are unrivalled. Mogi’s girlfriend, Hanjoo , invites Soyo to join their team and he accepts enthusiastically.<ref name2006 Programme: Tae-Poong-Tae-Yang|urlBerlinale}} No sooner does he become a member of the skaters than his life changes completely. The loneliness Soyo sometimes felt simply disappears – as does his quiet existence. He soon makes enormous progress as a skater. Soyo’s life becomes faster and more exciting, and Mogi and Hanjoo turn out to be the kind of friends he always dreamed of having. The team are busy preparing for the world championships, in which Mogi is to take part. But then, disaster strikes. The film crew with whom Mogi is working on a commercial shoot is particularly condescending to him. He allows himself to be goaded into performing a particularly dangerous jump that ends in a bad accident. All at once, the whole team is completely absorbed with trying to scrape the money together to pay off their looming debts, and Mogi appears to have lost all interest in skating. Soyo’s faith in his new friends dwindles and the once-successful team threatens to fall apart.'] ['Luster takes place over a weekend in Los Angeles.  Jackson wakes up in the aftermath of an orgy and heads to his job at his friend Sam\'s alternative record store. At the store he gets a call from Sonny Spike. On his way out the door, Jackson runs into customer Derek, who professes his love at first sight. Jackson meets Sonny at his hotel and Sonny asks him to write the lyrics for Sonny\'s next album. Stoked, Jackson stops back at his house where he finds his cousin Jed in the shower, which immediately inspires thoughts of incest. Jackson and Jed head back to the store, just in time to head out to a book signing by Kurt Domain with Sam . At the book signing, Jackson runs into Billy, who he\'d met at last night\'s orgy. Jackson professes his love at first sight for Billy, who agrees to have coffee but flatly informs Jackson he won\'t have sex with him. The author spots Jed, and, taking him as his muse, writes a piece on Jed\'s body.  Jackson, inspired by Jed, writes several poems. Meanwhile, Jed is in the desert, serving as muse to yet a third artist, Alyssa. A bloodied Billy calls Jackson at the record store. Jackson picks him up and takes him home. Billy explains that his ex-lover sexually tortured him. Leaving Billy to sleep, Jackson gives his poems to Sonny, who thinks they\'re great but changes the sex of the subjects to female. Jed returns to Jackson\'s place and crawls into bed next to Billy. Jackson goes back to work, where Derek is waiting for him. Derek again professes his love. Jackson explains he doesn\'t feel the same but they kiss anyway. Jackson drives Derek home. Alyssa takes her photos of Jed to a gallery and lands a showing in New York City. Billy wakes up next to Jed and engages in some sexual torture of his own. Sonny decides he must meet Jackson\'s inspiration and sends a private investigator to get him. The P.I. finds Billy and brings him to Sonny. It was Sonny who had tortured Billy previously. Billy tells Sonny that he tortured someone that morning and realized that he hated it and that he wants to enslave himself to Sonny. Sam visits his mother and surprises her with the news that he\'s paid off her mortgage. Jackson returns home and finds Jed handcuffed in the shower.  Sam, Jackson and Jed go on a bar crawl through the city. Jackson runs into Sonny and Billy in the restroom of one bar and beats Billy up for what he did to Jed. Sonny gets turned on by it. When Jackson leaves the bar, Sam and Jed are arguing over Sam\'s unrequited love for someone. Sam drops Jackson and Jed off at Jackson\'s and gives Jed a videotape to give to Jackson. Jed goes inside and he and Jackson make love.  Jackson takes Jed to the airport for his flight back to Iowa. Jed tells him about the tape. Jackson returns home to find Alyssa and her girlfriend Sandra, who tell him that Sam has killed himself. On the tape, Sam says he\'s in love with Jackson. He knows he\'ll never be able to be with Jackson the way he wants to and that he has a lot of pain because of that. Distraught, Jackson runs all the way to Derek\'s place before the tape even ends. He has Derek reassure him that Derek loves him. Jackson strips naked and tells Derek "I\'m all yours." Jackson says he doesn\'t know if he loves Derek but he does think Derek\'s pretty special, and special is "pretty fuckin\' good."'] ['The film opens in medias res, with 22-year-old AIDS activist Pedro Zamora in his New York City hotel room in 1994, getting ready for an appearance on CBS. His contact calls him to ask why he has not arrived at the studio, but Zamora, disoriented, does not know who she is. Hotel security subsequently finds him lying unconscious on the floor. In flashback, 21-year-old Zamora is in Miami, Florida, where his family emigrated from Cuba. After making an audition tape for MTV\'s reality television series, The Real World: San Francisco, he is interviewed by producers. He tells him that if he is cast, he will not change his name to "Peter", nor hide his HIV status. He says that it does not matter if he dies of AIDS, as it is more important that he speak out about the disease. He is eventually cast, and meets his housemates when he moves into the house. As the housemates get to know one another, Judd Winick, who was informed by the producers that he would be living with someone with AIDS, is nervous about which of his housemates has it. Zamora tells the others about his HIV/AIDS status by showing them his scrap book as an AIDS educator. Housemate Rachel Campos, who is uncomfortable, feels it is Pedro\'s responsibility to ease her concerns, and that she is being made the villain. Housemate David "Puck" Rainey, meanwhile, makes derogatory jokes about Zamora and his homosexuality. Zamora spends time with Sean Sasser, and becomes friends with Pam and Judd, his roommates. Rainey alienates the rest of the cast with his behavior, and when Zamora threatens to move out if Rainey stays, the others evict Rainey. Zamora continues his work, speaking publicly despite protesters, though he continues to get sicker. Despite Winick\'s attempts to be reassuring, Zamora laments that he is only going to get worse. When one of the producers asks him if he wants to stop taping or be sent home, Zamora insists that he promise him that they continue filming until the end. In 1994, the unconscious Zamora is brought to St. Vincent\'s Hospital in New York. He is told that his sister, Mily, will be arriving to see him. When a staffperson asks him if he wishes her to remove the anklet his has on his left ankle, he refuses. In an interview, Mily Zamora calls her brother a "miracle", as her mother, who had already had several children, had had an operation to prevent further pregnancies prior to his conception. In flashback, the young Zamora is taken to a priest of Santería, who adorns him with flowers, and ties a chain to his ankle to keep him symbolically tied to Earth. Later the family is torn in half during the Mariel Boat Lift, because the four eldest children are of military age, and are not permitted to leave. They insist to their parents that they leave with Zamora, Mily, and younger brother Jesus. The family settles in Miami. Zamora\'s mother, Zoraida, grows close to her children, but the separation from her older children makes life difficult for her. When he is 13, his mother dies of cancer. Zamora does not openly grieve, but decides to become a doctor. By the time he is a young man, Mily is troubled by the secretive nature of the time he spends with his "friends". After rummaging through his belongings, and finding letters, she discovers that he is gay, leading to a confrontation. In 1994, Mily is at Saint Vincent\'s, and is told that her brother may have toxoplasmosis, a parasitic infection common to AIDS patients, but that it may be the more serious PML. Further tests must be conducted to make a determination. In flashback, Zamora is an outgoing teenager who easily finds suitors. He does not practice safe sex, because the only education he receives on AIDS presents it as something that afflicts only prostitutes and drug addicts. When he is 17, he volunteers to give blood at a high school blood drive, and discovers he has HIV. Mily is devastated when she finds out. He goes into denial, but months before he graduates high school, he comes down with shingles, and comes to the conclusion that he has no future. After educating himself, however, he decides to dedicate his life to becoming an AIDS educator, speaking at schools, and doing radio shows. In an interview, Zamora\'s boyfriend, Sean Sasser, talks about how he tested positive while at culinary college, and later met Zamora at a gay and lesbian march in Washington, D.C. As they get to know one another, they feel a mutual attraction. Sasser tells Zamora that he should look him up if he ever visits San Francisco. When Zamora eventually does move to San Francisco six months later as part of The Real World, they begin to date, though Zamora is reluctant to be open about his sexuality in public, having been subject to homophobia in Miami. Nonetheless, the two fall in love, and Sasser asks Zamora if he will stay in the city after filming ends. The two exchange wedding vows in a ceremony in the Real World house. In 1994, Winick visits Zamora at Saint Vincent\'s, and tells him that Zamora\'s agent asked him if he would substitute at his lecture. Winick suggests postponing the lecture, but Zamora insists that he stand in. After Zamora undergoes a brain biopsy, Mily expresses enthusiasm that he will appear on TV, but he tells her that he will not be making any more appearances. He is transferred to a Miami hospital, where his loved ones are told that he has PML, and that he does not have much time left. Sasser insists that they try all available treatments, including an experimental one that would likely be painful. Zamora\'s family oppose the treatment, and wish to take him home. Zamora also decides against the treatment, and asks to be taken home, where his family try to bar Sasser from seeing him. As his condition deteriorates, and his story makes the news, he confronts his sister over his family\'s exclusion of Sasser. After they view a videotape of the wedding ceremony, they have a change of heart, and welcome Sasser back into the fold. Zamora gets a phone call from President Bill Clinton, who thanks him for his work, and who facilitates the reunion of his older brothers and sisters, who have been allowed to leave Cuba to join the family in Miami. As the family is now reunited, the bedridden Zamora sees a vision of his mother at his bedside. He passes away on November 11, 1994. Footage of Pedro Zamora and Sean Sasser\'s real-life commitment ceremony from The Real World is shown, over which title cards describe what happened to the others in the story.'] ["Yolanda, a cabaret singer, brings heroin to her lover. When he drops dead after taking it, the singer knows she is in trouble. Desperate to escape the police, she recalls a visit by nuns from a local convent that claimed to be admirers. The Mother Superior, a fan of Yolanda, had promised to provide help if required. When Yolanda arrives at the convent, the Mother Superior rapturously greets her. The mission of the order, called the Humbled Redeemers, is to offer shelter and redemption to fallen women. Once a bustling haven for prostitutes, drug addicts and murderers those days are long gone and now Yolanda is the only guest at the convent. Therefore, her arrival is interpreted as a divine blessing in a critical moment. The convent is in disrepair and the Order is facing serious financial hardships. Their prime financial supporter, the vain and greedy Marquise has decided to discontinue the convent's annuity under the pretense of economizing. She feels less affinity with the sisters than did her recently deceased husband, who set up the fund in gratitude. The convent had taken in their wayward daughter, Virginia, who subsequently became a nun and ran off to Africa, only to be eaten by cannibals. The religious order of the Humiliated Redeemers is headless since the Mother General is dying. Lost in the midst of the huge deserted and crumbling convent live the six religious members of the community: the mother Superior, four other nuns and the chaplain. To reinforce their vows of humility, the Mother Superior has given the other nuns repulsive new names: Sister Manure, Sister Damned, Sister Snake and Sister Rat of the Sewers. The Mother Superior explains the rationale of their excessive humility: “man will not be saved until he realizes he is the worst being in all creation.” For her, sinners are worthy of gratitude because they are the reason God dies and is resurrected. With few opportunities for spiritual ministry, the nuns have begun to indulge in their own idiosyncratic pursuits in order to pass the time. The nurturing Sister Damned compulsively cleans the convent and coddles all the animals under her care, including an overgrown pet tiger that she treats like a son, playing the bongos for him. The ascetic Sister Manure is consumed by thoughts of penitence and corporal self-sacrifice and cooks between LSD hallucinations. She murdered somebody and as the mother superior lied under oath to save her from jail, she is very devoted to her. The overcurious Sister Sewer Rat gardens and secretly, under the pen name Concha Torres, writes lurid novels about the wayward souls who visit the convent. She smuggles the novels out of the convent through her sister's periodic visits. The unassuming Sister Snake with the help of the priest, tailors seasonal fashion collections for dressing the statues of the Virgin Mary. Her piety is a cover up for her romantic love for the chain-smoking chaplain. The mother Superior is a heavy drug user and a lesbian, whose charitable work is a means of meeting needy young women. She admits, “from admiring them so much I have become one of them”. Determined to win the trust of the enigmatic and emotionally detached Yolanda, the Mother Superior offers her the best accommodations – the lavish room that belong before to Virginia. Yolanda mingles with the other nuns and spends her time reading the diary of her deceased boyfriend finding out how their relationship really was. The Mother Superior soon falls passionately in love with her. Together, they consume coke and heroin until Yolanda decides both should come off the drugs. Withdrawal for Yolanda is like a painful catharsis, but for the Mother Superior it confirms her very sinful nature. Yolanda keeps the Mother Superior at arm’s length and strikes a friendship with Sister Rat. The Mother Superior has to face both Yolanda’s rejection and the threats of closure. She fails to blackmail the Marquise with a letter revealing information about Virginia. Undiscouraged, she then prepares to resort to drug trafficking to maintain the independence of her convent. In spite of these trials, the Sisters decide to celebrate the Mother Superior's birthday. The Marquise and nuns from other convents come to the party. During the celebrations, Yolanda, accompanied by the sisters, sings in honor of the Mother Superior. The Marquise manages to get a letter that coming from Africa has informed her about a long lost grandson that has been raised by the Apes. Because Yolanda and Sister Rat helped her to obtain the letter, she is very grateful to them. At the end of the party, the new Mother General, the highest authority in their order, announces the dissolution of the convent. Sister Damned decides to return to her native village and leaves her tiger to Sister Snake and the Priest. They are in love and want to start a family with the tiger as their son. Sister Rat and Yolanda go to live with the Marquise. Only Sister Manure is left to console the Mother Superior from the terrible heartbreak Yolanda’s desertion has caused."] ['Frédérique is a rich and beautiful woman who picks up a female street artist called "Why". It is December and they go to her villa in Saint Tropez, which is inhabited by a couple of odd gay men. Both women fall for the local architect Paul Thomas. However Why says that she is not interested in him, so Frédérique invites him to move into the villa.'] ['Young surfer Jesse has always been in the shadow of his older brother Victor, who tried to become a champion surfer and failed. Jesse, his friends — Nathan, Andy and Scotty — and his brother Fergus , along with Deb and Leah, all go on a camping-surfing trip to a remote beach, but when Victor shows up tragedy hits. Things get competitive and in a severe accident Andy is seriously injured while Victor is killed. After the funeral, Fergus and Jesse bond on a night under the stars, and the film ends on a happier note, with Jesse as a competitor in a junior surf comp.'] ['{{plot}} At the home of John Rutka and Eddie Santin, Rutka is apparently shot by an unknown assailant. Later, private eye Donald Strachey arrives at the Albany Medical Center to meet with a client. While there, he sees his partner, Tim Callahan, who is escorting his boss, a prominent New York state senator who is there for a photo op with the comatose Catholic Bishop McFee whose diocese consists of, among others, St. Michael\'s Catholic Church. Strachey is approached by Santin, who reveals that the client that approached him is none other than Rutka, who Strachey despises for his activities outing prominent local closeted homophobes. Despite attempts by Rutka and Santin to convince Strachey to help find out who shot John, Donald declines the assignment. That night, a man determinedly barges into Rutka\'s hospital room unauthorized, only to find that Rutka has already checked out. Rutka visits Strachey\'s home, but he remains unmoved, until Rutka offers him a $5,000 retainer. Strachey relunctantly accepts the job, mostly because of recent money troubles stemming from a home renovation bearing on his mind. Timmy, who has an even stronger distaste for Rutka\'s tactics, objects at first, but also agrees that they can\'t afford to pick and choose their clients in their current financial situation. The next morning, Rutka shows Strachey his attic, where he keeps his various files on both his past and prospective outing targets. One of them is Bruno Slinger, a prominent state politician who has voted against gay rights in the past, on whom Rutka has a file which includes photographic evidence of his sexual involvement with men. Suddenly, a fire breaks out at Ruka\'s house, which Strachey puts out and then investigates. As the case progresses, Strachey becomes convinced that Rutka and Santin are staging the various criminal incidents themselves, thanks in part to the assertion by Detective Sean "Bub" Bailey that Rutka has a long history of deception. Finally, Strachey decides that he can no longer continue with the case and informs Rutka that he will return the unused portion of the retainer. The next morning, a news program reports that Rutka was killed hours after Strachey severed ties with him and the investigation. Santin calls them, expression indignation that Strachey refused to believe that the death threats against Rutka were genuine. Strachey expresses remorse, and then goes back with Santin to the attic to retrieve all of Rutka\'s files for safekeeping. With John officially dead, Strachey\'s search for Rutka\'s would-be assassin is now a murder investigation. He asks Santin who the next target might have been, but Santin only knows that it might have been one of three people—Slinger, local children\'s show host Ronnie Linklater, and a mysterious third possibility identified only in Rutka\'s records as "Ultimate Hypocritical Asshole". Donald finds a plastic mud flap, torn off of an unidentified person\'s car. Later, he comes across initials for three persons who received substantial payments from Rutka—N.Z., H.G., and D.R. Through local sex worker Dik Steel, he obtains the identity of the first - Nathan Zenck, who runs a fancy hotel -- and spies on his guests\' sexual rendezvous through hidden video cameras. Strachey confronts Zenck, who mentions that Bruno Slinger is sexually connected to Ronnie Linklater and reveals that the second initials are undoubtedly those of Howie Glade, who owns a lower quality motel. The third initials remain unknown, but after interrogating Glade, Strachey finds out that Linklater was previously involved in sexual liaisons every Wednesday night with an unknown man  who was injured and possibly killed by a fallen ceiling mirror weeks ago; Glade was unable to find out the man\'s identity, but manages to get the license plates to his car. Strachey manages to trace the plates to a used car dealer named Art Murphy, who refuses to cooperate with the investigation, threatening to bludgeon Donald until he retreats. At the couple\'s home, Timmy is attacked by the man who visited Rutka\'s hospital room earlier. Strachey arrives in time to drive him away, but Timmy is hospitalized. Timmy recovers, but the experience shakes Donald enough to consider abandoning the case, until Timmy, who has had a change of heart about Rutka, convinces him to press on. Next, Strachey interviews Linklater in his studio dressing room, but the kids show host denies that either he or Slinger had any involvement in Rutka\'s death, and refuses to reveal the identity of the man the motel mirror fell on. However, after Donald\'s talk with Ronnie, he gets the impression the man survived the accident. As Strachey leaves the studio, the man who attacked Tim ambushes Donald, knocking him unconscious. When he wakes, he is greeted by the man\'s boss -- Slinger, who also denies involvement in Rutka\'s murder and demands that he hands over the file Rutka had on Bruno. Slinger allows Strachey to leave unharmed, but the P.I. can\'t get any answers from the Congressman, who says that Ronnie never told him the identify of the man injured in the motel fall. Strachey gets a slight lead from the exchange, learning that Linklater and Rutka were both involved in St. Michaels\' choir. Back at the hospital, Tim is ready to be discharged, but the couple come across Art Murphy and his wife, visiting Bishop McFee. At Strachey\'s behest, Tim finds out that McFee is Murphy\'s brother-in-law and that he was the man that drove the car every Wednesday—and was sexually involved with Linklater, explaining the true nature of the accident that had put McFee into a coma until now. Tim then uses his connections in the seminary to ask St. Michael\'s local priest, Father Morgan, who would have been the parish priest when John Rutka was in the church choir. Morgan excuses himself, heading out the back way, but the authorities are there waiting for him. Strachey, who had been holding onto the car flap, identifies it as part of the car McFee drove on Wednesdays, and now driven by Morgan. Morgan is arrested, not only for his part in covering up McFee\'s history of sex crimes, but also for the apparent murder of John Rutka. Scandal hits Morgan, McFee and the entire parish. Come Saturday, Strachey, Tim, Eddie, John\'s sister Ann, and other friends are attending John Rutka\'s funeral. Eddie graciously offers Donald the remaining fee for his work in solving Rutka\'s murder and gives the couple a business card to send the bill to. Strachey looks at the name and figures out the last of the trio of mysterious initials - David Resuto, the Rutka family lawyer. Strachey immediately grills Ann as to why Resuto would be getting $14,000, the largest of the payments made out to anyone in Rutka\'s financial ledger. Ann reluctantly explains that the payments were for a life insurance policy—and the beneficiary is Eddie. The private eye, suspicious of the payments after being told earlier that Santin was removed from Rutka\'s will, follows him to the airport and catches up to him. As he confronts Eddie, he is shocked to see a very alive John Rutka standing next to him. John explains his elaborate plan to fake his death, frame Father Morgan for a fake murder, expose McFee as a pedophile , and use the insurance money to start up a network of cheap drugs for AIDS patients in Mexico. He knew that the controversy of outing has faded as acceptance of people based on sexual orientation is rising. Rutka reveals that Eddie initially believed his lover was dead, and that John was the one who planted the mud flap where Strachey could find it. Donald is outraged at the deception, until Rutka reveals that he too was a victim of McFee\'s molestation, starting when John was only 9. Donald protests that regardless of the sex abuse cover-up, Morgan will go to prison for a murder that he did not commit. Rutka agrees that Strachey can tell the authorities that he saw him still alive, and exonerate him for that part of his sentence. Donald wavers from his determination to turn Rutka in for his crimes, but before he allows the couple to leave the country, he follows-up on a throwaway comment Rutka made earlier. Rutka reveals that he had a file on Strachey, a former Sergeant in the U.S. military, who had to leave the service with an honorable discharge when his sexual orientation was revealed—at the expense of the lieutenant he was caught in bed with, who received a much more severe punishment as the scapegoat of the two. Rutka is allowed to leave the country. Donald and Timmy realize how much insight on the complexities of life—and people—this experience has given them, and they conclude that life is not as black and white as both of them previously thought. This doesn\'t stop them from toasting their new perspective—and their now finished fireplace—by performing the one act of absolute good they are still sure of—the destruction of Rutka\'s file on Strachey.'] ['Hansel Schmidt  is a philosophical East German "slip of a girly boy" who loves rock music, and is stuck in East Berlin until he meets Luther Robinson , an American soldier. Luther falls in love with Hansel and the two decide to marry. This plan will allow Hansel to leave communist East Germany for the capitalist West. However, in order to be married, the couple must consist of a man and a woman. Hansel\'s mother, Hedwig , gives her child her name and passport and finds a doctor to perform a sex change. The operation is botched, however, leaving Hansel – now Hedwig – with a dysfunctional one-inch mound of flesh between her legs, the eponymous "Angry Inch". Hedwig goes to live in Junction City, Kansas as Luther\'s wife. On their first wedding anniversary, Luther leaves Hedwig for a man. That same day, it is announced that the Berlin Wall has fallen and Germany will reunite, meaning as material gains go, Hedwig\'s sacrifices have been for nothing. Hedwig recovers from the separation by forming a rock band composed of Korean-born Army wives . Hedwig befriends a shy and misunderstood Christian teenager, Tommy Speck , with whom she writes some songs. Hedwig falls in love with Tommy, and believes he is her "other half". Hedwig gives him the stage name "Tommy Gnosis" , but he later leaves her and goes on to become a wildly successful rock star with the songs Hedwig wrote alone and with him. "Internationally ignored" Hedwig and her band of Eastern Europeans, the Angry Inch, are forced to support themselves by playing coffee bars and strip mall dives. Throughout the film, these gigs are performed at a chain seafood restaurant called Bilgewater\'s. Hedwig is following Tommy\'s tour in order to pursue a copyright lawsuit. She tells unsuspecting diners her life story. Throughout the film, Hedwig refers to Aristophanes\' speech in Plato\'s Symposium. This myth, retold by Hedwig in the song "The Origin of Love", explains that human beings were once round, two-faced, four-armed, and four-legged beings. Angry gods split these early humans in two, leaving the separated people with a lifelong yearning for their other half. Near the end of the film, Hedwig is down and out. While working as a streetwalker, she finally meets Gnosis and they reconcile. After paparazzi burst onto the scene, Hedwig becomes famous and Gnosis\' popularity suffers. Reunited with her band, Hedwig performs at Times Square Bilgewater\'s culminating in a violent removal of her drag. We enter the final chapter of the film, one that seems to take place in a non-real space, perhaps Hedwig\'s mind. Now in male form, Hedwig discovers him/herself alone in front of Tommy on a huge stage. He sings to her, pleading forgiveness and saying goodbye; she realizes that she created her "other half" from within herself. Hedwig then finds him/herself in white heavenly space with her band and an audience all dressed in white. Hedwig gives Yitzhak her blonde wig and sings a song of triumph and solidarity with "all the misfits and losers" of the world. A brief animated sequence symbolizing the union of the separated Platonic halves leads to the final shot: Hedwig walking naked down a dark alley and into the street.'] ['The film explores the lives of the characters Felice Schragenheim , a Jewish woman who assumed a false name and who belongs to an underground organization, and Lilly Wust , a married mother of four children, unsatisfied with her husband . Felice takes the initiative in the love affair. Lilly, fascinated with the strength of Felice and her friends, realizes that she can give her love more fully to a cosmopolitan woman than a man. The film features both erotic encounters and sentimental love poems , and during one love scene a poetic line emerges in which Lilly is an Aimée to Felice as Jaguar. Then one day Lilly’s husband gets leave from the front and arrives home, only to find Felice and Lilly in bed. Although he then hoped merely to punish her for her indiscretion so that his marriage would return to normal, Lilly surprises him by asking for a divorce. He later dies at the front. Felice and her friends stop seeing Lilly for the sake of their own survival. On one occasion, Lilly erupts in anger over Felice’s unexplained absence for days, so Felice shares her secret that she is Jewish. After the 20 July Plot, Lilly’s friends fear for their lives and arrange to flee Germany before they are rounded up. Felice prefers to take her chances in order to enjoy the love of her life, though unfortunately not for long, as Felice is captured by the Gestapo. She is sent to the Theresienstadt concentration camp from where the two still manage to correspond, but all contact is lost by the end of 1944. The story has two bookends. When the film begins in 1997, an 83-year-old Lilly  is taking up residence in a dilapidated flat that once served as an underground hideout. Lilly’s German maid Ilse , who was rounded up during 1945, is already a tenant. Lilly and Ilse reminisce as the film ends. Lilly, though saddened by the tragedy that she caused her friends and lovers, is unable to imagine how her life could have been any different, given her obsessive live-for-today-for-tomorrow-we-die mood, common among besieged Berliners. Lilly Wust lived in Berlin until her death on 31 March 2006. The tagline of the film is "Love Transcends Death".'] ["Two queens have a fight: Bibbo, a Bollywood fashion designer: loud, raucous and vitriolic. Shabbo, a dancer: soft, sensuous, and equally malicious! Two fading queens in their late thirties - passionate, desperate and devastating. Call them sisters or mother & daughter their bonding is unique a bonding that is as shifty as their flights of fancy. One moment they would be bitchy and clawing at each other like alley cats, but the next moment they would reach out to each other as only two sensitive caring human beings can sharing their innermost secrets well, almost all. It is one of those lazy days when queens can spend endless hours bitching about everybody in town and each other too. Just then in enters Samir - a handsome hunk whom Bibbo claims to be her driver. Only Bibbo doesn't have a car! Samir, an aspiring actor, is being towed around the film party circuit by Bibbo. The moment Shabbo sets her eyes on the hunk, she goes all out to charm and seduce him, right under Bibbo's hawk eyes! Such audacity! Surely Shabbo has to pay for it with tears. Bibbo has discovered Shabbo's dark secret and would not hesitate in using it as a vile weapon to hit back. Bibbo can be evil personified! Thrown into this crazy milieu is Shabbo's apprentice - a young pesky teenager Mandy, just about peeping out of his closet... a western closet - who says he is 'gay'! Mandy too has set his eyes on Samir and uses sly snaky ways to lure him - be it moving his butt seductively in front of Samir or taking a sneak peek at him in the shower. So who will finally win Samir - Bibbo, Shabbo, or Mandy? Does Samir have a say in all this? No! Because, as they say - Queens always have the last say'!The Pink Mirror IMDb page"] ['Alfred Byrne is a closeted homosexual bus conductor in 1963 Dublin. His sister tries to find him a suitable woman, but his real passion is putting on amateur theater productions of Oscar Wilde plays. The film deals with his struggle, temptation, and friendships, and how they are affected by his homosexuality.'] ['Solek  and his family live in Nazi Germany. On the eve of Solek\'s bar mitzvah, Kristallnacht occurs, and his sister is killed by Nazis. The Perel family  moves to Łódź, Poland, where they will be safe - for the moment. But less than a year later, World War II begins when Germany invades Poland. Isaak and Solek flee toward eastern Poland, which has been invaded by the Soviet Union.  The brothers are separated, and Solek is placed in a Soviet orphanage in Grodno with other Polish refugee children. Solek lives in the orphanage for two years, where he joins the Komsomol and receives Communist indoctrination. Being a teenager, he has a romantic interest in Inna, the pretty young woman instructor. He even climbs outside the building to look in her bedroom window. One scene features a Russian version of the German Communist song Dem Morgenrot Entgegen  before mail call, where Solek receives a letter from his parents who have been re-settled in a ghetto. Then, with the crash of a bomb, Germany invades the Soviet Union. The orphanage is evacuated, but Solek is left behind, to be found by German soldiers. Solek gets rid of his identity papers, and tells the Germans he is "Josef Peters", a Volksdeutsche  from a Baltic German family from Latvia. He also says that he is alone because his parents were killed by the Soviets after the German invasion. The soldiers believe him. He speaks German and Russian, and becomes their interpreter. When the unit captures Yakov Dzhugashvili, the son of Soviet dictator Joseph Stalin, they declare "Jupp" to be their "good-luck charm", and adopt him as an auxiliary. He accompanies the unit for several weeks, and sees all the horrors of war, including murdered civilians, as the Germans seek to crush Soviet resistance. Nonetheless, Solek is still in danger. He cannot let anyone see him bathing, because his circumcised penis would expose "Jupp" as a Jew. Robert, one of the soldiers, is a homosexual, and sneaks in on "Jupp" when he finally manages a private bath. Solek rejects Robert\'s sexual overture, but both of them have secrets the Nazis would kill them for, and they become friends. Then a bizarre combat incident occurs. Robert is killed and Solek, left alone, tries to get to the Soviet lines. As he crosses a bridge, the unit charges across behind him, and the Soviet troops there, surrender. "Jupp" is hailed as a hero. The company commander decides that such a fine young German should be properly educated. He is childless himself, so he tells "Jupp" that he will adopt him and that "Jupp" will be sent to the elite Hitler Youth Academy in Berlin.  He is escorted for much of the trip by Rosemarie, a middle-aged female Nazi official. Rosemarie thinks "Jupp" resembles Hitler, and observes that he even has the same birthday. On the train, she seduces "Jupp", and as they have sex, cries out "Mein Führer!" At the school, "Peters" is introduced to the other boys as a heroic combat veteran. The problem of concealing his circumcision continues, and Solek uses string and rubber bands in various painful ways to simulate a foreskin. He evades a medical examination by pretending to have a violent toothache. Girls from the Hitler Youth serve meals at the Academy. Leni, one of these girls, becomes infatuated with "Jupp", but he dares not take advantage - Leni is a fervent Nazi and even speaks of wanting to kill Jews. Leni strongly hints that she would happily bear "Jupp"\'s child, but after a particularly venomous anti-Jewish remark he refuses any intimacy. She calls him a Schlappschwanz , and they break off. A less serious threat is the visit to the Academy of a Nazi "expert" in racial pseudoscience, who claims particular skill in detecting Jews. The Nazi selects "Jupp" as his subject for a demonstration, and carefully measures his head and face. He then calculates "Jupp"\'s anthropometric indexes, and pronounces him of "pure Aryan stock". After several months without seeing Leni, Solek visits her mother, who does not sympathize with the Nazis. She tells him Leni is pregnant and intends to "give the child to the Führer", in the Lebensborn program. Solek realizes that the child\'s father is his best friend and classmate Gerd. When Leni\'s mother presses Josef on his identity, he breaks down and confesses that he is a Jew; she promises not to betray him. Leni never finds out. Solek\'s pretense is nearly exposed when the Gestapo investigates "Jupp"\'s supposed parentage. He is summoned to Gestapo offices, but cannot show a Certificate of Racial Purity, which he claims is in Grodno. The Gestapo official says he will send for it, and then rants about how the war will be won by Hitler\'s Wunderwaffen . As Solek leaves, the building is destroyed by Allied bombs. Solek\'s relief is tempered by Gerd\'s death in the bombing. As Soviet troops close in on Berlin, the Hitler Youth at the school are sent to the front. There Solek manages to surrender. His captors refuse to believe that he is a Jew. "If you\'re a Jew, why don\'t you look like this? Look!" demands a Soviet officer as he shows Solek photos of murdered Jews from the death camps they had liberated. They are about to have Solek shot by an elderly Communist political prisoner  when Solek\'s brother Isaak, just released from a concentration camp, identifies Solek and saves him. Before leaving the camp, Isaak tells Solek to never reveal his story to anyone, saying it would never be believed. He is released shortly thereafter and emigrates to the British Mandate of Palestine, the future state of Israel, where he embraces his Jewish heritage. The films ends with the real Solomon Perel, as an old man, singing a jewish folk song from the Zohar book, concerning brotherhood, unity and fellowship.'] ['A high school guidance counselor, Sam Lombardo, is accused of rape by two female students, Kelly Van Ryan and Suzie Toller, and hires lawyer Kenneth Bowden to defend him. At trial, Suzie admits that she and Kelly had made the whole thing up to get revenge on Lombardo: Suzie for him leaving her in jail and Kelly for him having an affair with her wealthy socialite mother, Sandra. Kelly\'s mother is humiliated by the scandal, and Lombardo and Bowden negotiate a hefty settlement for defamation. It is revealed that Lombardo and the two girls had been working and sleeping together, and planned to split the money. Police detective Ray Duquette tells both Kelly and Suzie that Lombardo transferred the money to an off-shore account. Suzie starts to panic and goes to Kelly for help; Kelly assures Suzie that they can trust each other, but separately tells Lombardo over the phone that they may have to get rid of her. Suzie overhears this and attacks Kelly in the pool. Both girls fight, but eventually end up having sex in the pool, all witnessed by Duquette. A few nights later, Kelly and Lombardo take an intoxicated Suzie to the beach. Lombardo is seen raising a bottle, and then Suzie is heard screaming. After wrapping the body in plastic, they throw it in the trunk of the car and drive out to the swamp, where Lombardo disposes of it. Suzie is reported missing by her family the next day and Duquette and his partner, Gloria, are called in. Suzie\'s blood and teeth are later found on the beach and her car is found at the bus terminal. After seeing his continued investigation, his superior insists that he drop the case. Regardless, he goes to Kelly\'s house to confront her. When he arrives, Kelly tries to seduce him and then she appears to attack him, shooting him in the arm, leaving him no choice but to kill her in self-defense. No charges are filed against Duquette, but he is fired and loses his pension. Later, it is revealed that Lombardo and Duquette had been working together the entire time. Although Lombardo is not pleased that Duquette killed Kelly instead of framing her as originally planned, Duquette insists that it leaves fewer loose ends. The two agree to go fishing on Lombardo\'s sailboat the following day. Once they are at sea, Lombardo knocks Duquette overboard, but he is able to climb back aboard and attack Lombardo. However, he is shot in the leg with a spear by Suzie, who is still alive. She shoots and kills Duquette as revenge for killing her friend, Davie, years before. Suzie then poisons Lombardo with a drink she poured for him and knocks him overboard, leaving him to drown. It is then revealed that Suzie had planned the whole thing in order to get all the money and revenge on both Lombardo and Duquette: Lombardo for leaving her in jail and Duquette for killing her friend Davie. Suzie had discovered that Lombardo and Kelly were sleeping together, and used it to her advantage. As for Kelly\'s death, she had not attacked Duquette as he had claimed. In reality, when she tried to escape the guest house when he entered, he punched her to incapacitate her then broke into the gun case and shot her twice with his gun. He then used her hand to shoot himself in the shoulder with her gun. Bowden meets with Suzie and tells her how the money had been divided. She kisses him on the cheek and as she walks off, Bowden tells her to "be good."'] ["Two pairs of friends, Matteo and Francesca & Shary and Diego, decide to spend the summer together in a beach house at the foot of Mount Circeo. Matteo, a psychologist, is married to Francesca with whom he has a five year old girl, Elena. Diego and Shary have a less stable relationship, having a son together, David, who attends college in the United States. David comes to Italy for the first time in five years to spend time with his family and celebrate his birthday. Upon David's arrival, he and Matteo begin to develop feelings for each other. Only Leonard, Shary's brother, who has returned from his travels around the world to spend some time with the two pairs, seems to sense what is happening. The balance of Matteo's marriage begins to crack, and the growing tension seems to corrode the two families. While the rest of the household is out preparing for David's birthday party, Matteo goes to David's bedroom, and they have sex. When Francesca arrives back, she has no keys and enters the house through a patio door into David's room where she finds the two men having sex. She runs out, and Matteo runs after her. She dashes around a corner and into the street where she is hit and killed by a car. Later, Matteo, Shary, Diego, and David are having supper. Shary, inexplicably, asks Matteo accusingly where he was at the time of the accident, and the movie ends as he begins to cry."] ["As he is about to die, Porter's life flashes before him in the form of a musical production staged by the archangel Gabriel in the Indiana theater where the composer first performed on stage. From the start, Linda is aware of Cole's gay feelings, but her love for and devotion to him are strong enough for her to overlook his romantic flings outside their marriage. After a while, she can no longer ignore the innuendos in his songs and their relationship grows strained. Cole is photographed in an amorous embrace with another man in the rest room of a gay nightclub, and both he and Linda are blackmailed into paying a heavy settlement to suppress publication of the pictures. When he shrugs off the blackmail, she finally goes to Paris, leaving him bereft. Not until he is injured in a horseback riding accident that seriously cripples him does she return to his side, willing to forgive but still finding it difficult to cope with his extramarital affairs. Eventually she is diagnosed with emphysema, and as she prepares herself and her husband for her impending death, she attempts to forge a relationship between him and her interior decorator so he'll have a companion following her death, which deeply affects him. The eventual amputation of his right leg adds to his deep depression, affecting his creative output. Porter becomes increasingly reclusive, as well as becoming more dependent on alcohol.{{cite news}}"] ['Raquela, a Filipino transsexual prostitute dreams of making a new life in Paris. She becomes an internet porn star and meets Valerie, an Icelandic transsexual, and Michael, the owner of the website she works for.{{cite web}}'] ["The film follows two young friends, Kiran , a Hindu, and Delilah , a Catholic, from their first meeting as young children to young adulthood, when they realize their love for each other. At first, Kiran is asked to write love letters to Delilah for Rajan  a teenage boy who also has a long-standing crush on Delilah. Kiran does so as it allows her to express her love to Delilah without having to be ostracized by her family, friends and culture. Eventually Delilah discovers the truth behind the letters and poetry, and admits her mutual love to Kiran. This begins a delicate love affair, despite social taboos against homosexuality. Their blossoming love affair is dampened severely when Rajan discovers Kiran and Delilah stealing a moment of intimacy in the jungle. He proceeds to inform Amma , Delilah's mother, of what he  witnessed. Amma confronts Delilah, who reveals her love for Kiran. In response, Amma arranged Delilah's marriage with a suitor who recently visited intent on seeking a bride. Delilah reluctantly consents to the marriage."] ['Carlos  is a 21-year old who finds himself married to Camila , his 18-year old girlfriend after dating for five years and discovering that she is pregnant. Carlos decides to pursue married life since, he thinks, people marry every day and thus everything will work out fine. He gets a job to support his new family but does not realize the seriousness of his decisions until he discovers that his new boss  is having an affair with his secretary, Lucy , and Monica, his attractive new co-worker  is attempting to seduce him. To complicate things even more, Camila\'s father does not approve of the decision that she and Carlos made. Carlos struggles to defend himself against his father-in-law and from peer-pressure to be unfaithful to his wife. The title of the film derives from Carlos\' co-workers theory that -in Mexico\'s demographics- every man is "entitled" to seven women and a homosexual.'] ['The film opens with J. Edgar Hoover  in his office during his later years. He asks that a writer  be let in, so that he may tell the story of the origin of the FBI for the sake of the public. Hoover explains that the story begins in 1919, when A. Mitchell Palmer was Attorney General and Hoover\'s boss at the Justice Department. Palmer suffers an assassination attempt, but is unharmed when the bomb explodes earlier than intended. Hoover recalls that the police handling of the crime scene was primitive, and that it was that night that he recognized the importance of criminal science. Later, Hoover visits his mother , and tells her that Palmer has put him in charge of a new anti-radical division, and that he has already begun compiling a list of suspected radicals. He leaves to meet Helen Gandy , who has just started as a secretary at the Justice Department. Hoover takes Gandy to the Library of Congress, and shows her the card catalog system he devised. He muses about how easy it would be to solve crimes if every citizen were as easily identifiable as the books in the library. When Hoover attempts to kiss her, she recoils. Hoover gets down on his knees and asks her to marry him, citing her organization and education, but his request is once again denied. However, Gandy agrees to become his personal secretary. Despite his close monitoring of suspected foreign radicals, Hoover finds that the Department of Labor refuses to deport anyone without clear evidence of a crime; however, Anthony Caminetti the commissioner general of immigration dislikes the prominent anarchist Emma Goldman. Hoover arranges to discredit her marriage and make her eligible for deportation, setting a precedent of deportation for radical conspiracy. After several Justice Department raids of suspected radical groups, many leading to deportation, Palmer loses his job as Attorney General. Under a subsequent Attorney General, Harlan F. Stone, Hoover is made director of the Justice Department\'s Bureau of Investigation. He is introduced to Clyde Tolson , a recently graduated lawyer, and takes his business card. Later, while reviewing job applications with Helen Gandy, Hoover asks if Tolson had applied. Gandy says he had, and Hoover interviews and hires Tolson. The Bureau pursues a string of gangster and bank robbery crimes across the Midwest, including the high profile John Dillinger, with general success. When the Lindbergh kidnapping captures national attention, President Hoover asks the Bureau to investigate. Hoover employs several novel techniques, including the monitoring of registration numbers on ransom bills, and expert analysis of the kidnapper\'s handwriting. The birth of the FBI Crime Lab is seen as a product of Hoover\'s determination to analyze the homemade wooden ladder left at the crime scene. When the monitored bills begin showing up in New York City, the investigators find a filling station attendant who wrote down the license plate number of the man who gave him the bill. This leads to the arrest, and eventual conviction, of Bruno Hauptmann for the kidnapping and murder of the Lindbergh child. After going to a Shirley Temple movie with Hoover\'s mother, Hoover and Tolson decide to go out to a club. When Ginger Rogers asks Hoover if he ever wishes he had someone to keep him warm at night, he responds that he has dedicated his life to the bureau. Ginger\'s mother asks Hoover to dance and he becomes agitated, saying that he and Tolson must leave, as they have a lot of work to do in the morning. When he gets home he shares his dislike of dancing with girls with his mother, and she tells him she would rather have a dead son than a "daffodil" for a son. She then insists on teaching him to dance, and they dance in her bedroom. Soon after, Hoover and Tolson go on a vacation to the horse races. That evening, Hoover tells Tolson that he cares deeply for him, and Tolson returns the feeling by stating that he loves Hoover. However, Hoover claims to be considering marriage to a young woman twenty years his junior, Dorothy Lamour, he has been seeing in New York City, provoking outrage from Tolson. Tolson accuses Hoover making a fool out of him and then begins throwing insults at Hoover, and consequently they begin throwing punches at each other and cause grave damage to the hotel room in the process; they eventually end up fighting on the floor. The fight ends when Tolson gets an upper hand over Hoover, and suddenly kisses him. Hoover demands that it must never happen again; Tolson says that it won\'t, and attempts to leave. Hoover apologizes and begs him to stay, but Tolson only says that if Hoover ever mentioned another woman again, their friendship would be over. He then leaves, with Hoover professing love for him moments after. Years later, Hoover feels his strength begin to decline. He requires daily visits by a doctor, and Tolson suffers a stroke which leaves him in a severely weakened state. An attempt by Hoover to blackmail Martin Luther King, Jr. into declining his Nobel Peace Prize proves ineffective, and Martin Luther King, Jr. accepts the prize. Hoover eventually begins to consider his mortality and tells Helen Gandy to destroy his secret files if he were to die to prevent Nixon from possessing them. When Tolson appeals to Hoover to retire when Hoover comes to visit him, Hoover refuses, claiming that Richard Nixon is going to destroy the bureau he has created. Tolson then accuses Hoover of exaggerating his involvement in many of the bureau\'s actions. Upon Hoover\'s death, Helen Gandy is seen destroying stacks of files, assumed to be Hoover\'s rumored "personal and confidential" files as Nixon does a eulogy on television for Hoover.'] ['A famous painter named Claude Zoret falls in love with one of his models, Michael, and for a time the two live happily as partners. Zoret is considerably older than Michael, and as they age, Michael begins to drift from him, although Zoret is completely blind to this. When a bankrupt countess comes to Zoret to have a portrait made — with the real intent of seducing him and swindling his money — she finds Michael to be more receptive to her advances. At her lead, the two quickly become a couple and she immediately begins using Michael to steal from Zoret. When Zoret discovers what has been going on, he is crushed and his work suffers terribly. Michael sells the painting of himself that Zoret made and gave to him as a gift, and steals and sells the sketches Zoret made of their time in Algiers, where they first fell in love. Zoret begins work on his masterpiece: a large-scale painting of a man lying on a beach, using Algiers as a background, depicting "a man who has lost everything", as one character put it on first sight of the work. After completing the painting, Zoret falls ill. Charles Switt sits beside Zoret on his deathbed. Switt had always loved Zoret, and has stayed with him throughout, never criticizing Michael for fear of hurting his unrequited love. Switt sends a message to Michael, telling him that Zoret is dying and to come at once, but the Countess prevents him from getting it. Zoret\'s last words, which also serve as the prologue to the film, are "Now I can die in peace, for I have seen true love."'] ["Four friends each receive phone calls to meet a fifth friend for lunch at MK Restaurant, a popular hot pot chain in Bangkok. The friends are: * Pom, a reporter for a women's magazine. * Nim, a sexual dysfunction telephone-hotline counselor. * Fai, the stingy owner of a beauty salon. * Pat, the fiancee of a retired Japanese man. They are called to the restaurant by Pang, who announces that she is planning to marry Kong, her boyfriend of three months. The four friends are surprised by the news and think maybe it is too sudden. Then Kong joins the five women for their meal. His well-groomed appearance is met with approval, but when Kong starts offering tips on how to cook the meal, and presents a pair of earrings that he picked out to Pom for her birthday , eyebrows are raised. The four women later meet at Fyne's beauty salon and voice their suspicions that Kong might be gay, and not just a metrosexual male. Pom reveals that she spotted Kong earlier at a male model beauty pageant she was covering, and she saw him embracing another man backstage. To confirm their belief, they need advice. So Pat arranges a meeting with her brother, Bee, who's a flight attendant for Thai Airways International. Bee puts together a checklist, which includes various physical attributes as well as biological and sociological backgrounds that could indicate whether a man is gay. A series of comic scenarios then occur as the four women investigate Kong and watch for any telltale signs."] ["The Hotel New Hampshire is narrated by John Berry  and opens in flashback to the time when his parents met and fell in love while working summer jobs at a New England hotel around World War II. They are brought together by Freud , a European refugee who travels with a performing bear. In the 1950s, Win Berry  and his wife  have five children, John , Franny , Frank , Lilly , and Egg . The Berrys decide to open a hotel near the prep school that John, Franny, and Frank attend; they call it the Hotel New Hampshire. John loses his virginity to the hotel waitress. Frank comes out to Franny and John; Franny is raped by big man on campus Chip Dove  and his buddies, and is rescued by Junior Jones  and other black members of the school football team; John confesses that he's in love with Franny; the family dog, Sorrow, dies and Frank has him stuffed. Sorrow's reappearance at Christmas causes Berry grandfather Iowa Bob  to suffer a fatal heart attack. A letter arrives from Austria. It's Freud, inviting the Berrys to move to Vienna and run Freud's gasthaus. The family flies to Europe; tragically, the plane carrying Mrs. Berry and Egg explodes, killing them. In Vienna, the family moves into the gasthaus and renames it Hotel New Hampshire. An upper floor houses prostitutes and the basement is occupied by radicals of various political stripes. Assisting Freud, who has gone blind, is Susie the Bear , a young lesbian who lives her life almost completely in a bear costume. One of the radicals, Ernst, resembles Chipper Dove  and Franny becomes infatuated with him. Susie and John, who are both in love with Franny, try to keep her away from him. Susie is initially successful in seducing Franny but soon she ends up with Ernst. Lilly, who is a dwarf, begins writing a novel called Trying to Grow. One of the radicals, Miss Miscarriage , grows very fond of the family, and especially of Lilly. She invites John to her flat and sleeps with him, then warns him to get the family out of Vienna. For her trouble, another of the radicals murders her. Back at the hotel, John and the rest of the family are caught up in the radicals' plan to blow up the Vienna State Opera with a car bomb. The blind Freud, to spare the family, volunteers to drive with one of the radicals. As he leaves, the Berrys attack the remaining radicals and Freud detonates the bomb right outside the hotel. Ernst is killed and Win is blinded in the explosion. Hailed as heroes by the Austrians, the Berry family decides to return home. Lilly's novel is published and the interest in the Berry's story leads to a biopic, written by Lilly and starring Franny as herself. The Berrys are in New York City when John and Susie run into Chipper Dove on the streets. They lure him to their hotel suite and take their revenge upon him, including apparently having Susie sodomize him while she's in her bear costume, until Franny calls it off. Meanwhile, John's love for Franny has not abated. She finally calls him over to her room and, in hopes of getting him over it once and for all, has sex with him for almost a day. Franny's Hollywood career is beginning to take off, with Frank acting as her agent and with Junior Jones back in the picture, but Lilly's writing career has stalled. Her second novel is not well received and, depressed and suffering from writer's block, she takes her own life. As the film draws to a close, John is staying with his father at the latest Hotel New Hampshire, which stands empty. Susie comes to stay with them and she and John become involved. Win heartily approves because, as he puts it, every hotel needs a bear."] ["The film tells of two very different men who share a Brazilian prison cell: Valentin Arregui , who is imprisoned  due to his activities on behalf of a leftist revolutionary group, and Luis Molina  a homosexual in prison for having sex with an underage boy. Molina passes the time by recounting memories from one of his favorite films, a wartime romantic thriller that's also a Nazi propaganda film. He weaves the characters into a narrative meant to comfort Arregui and distract him from the harsh realities of political imprisonment and the separation from the woman he cares about. Arregui allows Molina to penetrate some of his defensive self and opens up. Despite Arregui occasionally snapping at Molina over his rather shallow views of political cinema, an unlikely friendship develops between the two. As the story develops, it becomes clear that Arregui is being poisoned by his jailers to provide Molina with a chance to befriend him, and that Molina is spying on Arregui on behalf of the Brazilian secret police. Molina has namely been promised a parole if he succeeds in obtaining information that will allow the secret police to find the revolutionary group's members. However, Molina falls in love with Arregui, and Arregui responds after a fashion, culminating in a physical consummation of their love on Molina's last night in prison. Molina is granted parole in the hopes Arregui will reveal information about his contacts when he knows Molina will be out of prison. Arregui provides Molina with a telephone number and message for his comrades. Molina at first refuses to take the number, fearing the consequences of treason, but he relents, and he and Arregui bid farewell with a kiss. In the final scenes Molina calls the telephone number, and a meeting is arranged with the revolutionary group. But the secret police have had Molina under surveillance, and a gun battle ensues, with the revolutionaries, assuming Molina has betrayed them, shooting him. As he wanders the streets wounded, the policemen catch up with him and demand that he disclose the telephone number in exchange for them taking him to the hospital for treatment, but Molina refuses and succumbs to his wounds. On the orders of the homophobic police chief , the policemen dump Molina's body in a rubbish pit and fabricate a story about his death and involvement with the revolutionary group. Meanwhile, back in the prison Arregui is being treated after being tortured once again. As the doctor administers him morphine to help him sleep, risking his job in the process, Arregui escapes into a dream where he is on a tropical island with the woman he loves. Although not made explicit, it is implied that he dies from his wounds."] ['The film centers on Etienne , who lives in Rouen with his mother and grandmother and intends to take part in the national figure skating championship. For his 16th birthday, his grandmother gives him a digital camcorder as a present, which he starts to use immediately . Etienne films anything and everything around him &mdash; his family, his teacher Laurent , Ludovic , his best friend, himself figure skating, the sea, steep cliffs. As for Ludovic and his geography teacher, it soon becomes apparent that his obsession with them is grounded in more than just artistic pursuits. Etienne\'s burgeoning homosexual tendencies become more and more clear both to him and the audience over the course of the movie. Even though Etienne is determined to make this year "the year of love", the year when everything turns around for him, things do not go as well as anticipated. He makes a blunder in his figure skating performance and only achieves second place. And when he starts, very carefully, to talk to Ludovic about the possibility of two men being in love, Ludovic runs away. In the final minutes of the film, the purpose of Etienne\'s video diary gets clear: Feeling he has failed in what he set out to do and being deeply hurt by Ludovic\'s resentment, Etienne decides to jump from the cliff and leave the camcorder  behind to explain to his family what he went through. Luckily, a stranger walks by at that moment and notices the boy close to the cliff and his camera nearby. The final scene shows the stranger and Etienne in bed after sex, with Etienne seeming truly happy for the first time.'] ['Set in a Danish all-boys boarding school, one of the boys, Bo , develops a special relationship with the headmaster\'s young son Kim . In the beginning of the film the headmaster is trying to get funding for a new gym for the school. The boarding school is likely a Christian one, as they have school prayer and the teachers keep referring to good Christian morals. In another plotline, a troubled student is expelled for displaying pornographic posters. Some of the students decide to protest this by walking-out of classes. The boy is eventually allowed to return to school so that he may graduate. At the year-end graduation ceremony, the boys present to the entire school and their families a short film they made by themselves based on the commandment "Love thy neighbor".'] ['On Christmas Eve, 1989, aspiring filmmaker Mark Cohen, and his roommate, Roger Davis, learn that the rent previously waived by their former friend and landlord, Benjamin “Benny” Coffin III, is due. At the same time, their former roommate Tom Collins shows up and gets mugged in an alleyway. Meanwhile, Mark and Roger meet with Benny, who tells them he plans to evict the homeless from the nearby lot and build a cyber studio in its place. He offers them free rent if they can get Maureen, Mark\'s ex-girlfriend, to cancel her protest against his plans, but they refuse. A street drummer and drag queen, Angel, finds Collins in the alleyway and helps him up. They bond once they find out they both have AIDS. Later that night, Roger, who is HIV-positive and an ex-druggie, tries to compose his one last great song. He\'s then visited by his downstairs neighbour, Mimi, an exotic dancer and heroin addict, who flirts with him. The next day, Mark and Roger are visited by Collins and Angel, who arrive bearing gifts. They invite Mark and Roger to attend Life Support, a local AIDS support group meeting. Roger turns them down, while Mark heads off to help fix Maureen\'s sound equipment for the protest. He runs into Joanne, Maureen\'s new girlfriend, who bonds with him as they discuss Maureen\'s promiscuity. Afterwards, Mark arrives, slightly late, at the Life Support meeting. That night, after Mimi finishes dancing, she returns home and flirts with Roger. Roger, whose ex-girlfriend killed herself after learning she was HIV-positive, rebukes her advances and throws her out. The next day, he arrives at another Life Support meeting, much to the joy of his friends. Later, they attend Maureen\'s protest, while Benny has the police on standby. A riot ensues, which Mark films and sells the footage to Buzzline, a local news program. At the Life Cafe after the show, Benny criticizes the groups\' Bohemian lifestyle, to which they respond with a joyous celebration of it. During the commotion, Mimi and Roger both learn that the other is HIV-positive. Roger and Mimi express their interest in each other outside the cafe. On New Years Day, the group finds that Benny has had them padlocked from their apartment, but Angel solves the problem by breaking the lock with a garbage can. To support himself, Mark takes a job at Buzzline. After another fight, Maureen proposes to Joanne; the relationship quickly ends when Maureen flirts with another woman at the commitment ceremony. After being persuaded by Mimi, his ex-girlfriend, Benny gives the group back their apartment. Roger quickly grows distrustful of Mimi, and their relationship ends. Meanwhile, Angel\'s condition gets worse and he dies in Collins\' arms. At Angel\'s funeral, the group goes their separate ways after a bitter argument. Roger sells his guitar, buys a car, and moves to Santa Fe. He returns once he realizes he still loves Mimi. Meanwhile, Mark quits his job at Buzzline to pursue his own film. On Christmas Eve, 1990, Mark and Roger reunite with Collins, who reveals he has reprogrammed an ATM to dispense cash when someone inputs A-N-G-E-L. However, Joanne and Maureen find Mimi on the streets, near death. Mimi and Roger reconcile and he sings the song he has written over the past year. Mimi appears to die, but suddenly awakens. She tells them that she was heading to the light, but Angel told her to go back. As Mark\'s documentary is shown for the first time, the friends all reaffirm that there is "no day but today".'] ["This episodic story is set in São Paulo's notorious prison Carandiru, one of Latin America's largest and most violent prison systems. Dr. Drauzio Varella arrives at the prison as a volunteer to test the prisoners for the deadly HIV infection. Seeing the disease, overcrowding and rampant circulation of drugs, the Doctor realizes much of the prison is controlled by the inmates. They decorate their cells and have an established pecking order. The strong inhabit messy individual suites and the weak are jammed together, as many as sixteen sharing a {{convert}} cell. Several narratives develop in the film: the attempted murder of Peixeira, the solitary confinement of Chico and the romance between Lady Di and No Way. Dr. Varella establishes a routine and comes to see the prisoners as survivors. The movie ends with a violent prison riot that historically took place on October 2, 1992. The repression of the riot became known as the Carandiru Massacre."] ["Flag Wars is a look inside the conflicts that surface when black working-class families are faced with an influx of white gay homebuyers to their Columbus, Ohio neighborhood. Filmed over four years, Flag Wars’ “as-it-is-happening” cinéma vérité style captures the emotions and honesty of unguarded moments as tensions mount between neighbors. The story begins with Nina, a lesbian real estate agent who lives and works in the neighborhood and is at the center of the changes taking place. The changes include having areas of the neighborhood designated a Historic District , an increase in code enforcement complaints, and efforts to reduce low-income housing in the community. Code enforcement is complaint driven and neighborhood resident Linda Mitchell believes the new residents moving in on her block are responsible for the code and zoning citations that have landed her in Judge Pfeiffer's Environmental Court. Linda suffers from cirrhosis of the liver and lives on disability insurance. She refuses to address the zoning violations and her limited resources prevent her from making repairs to her home. This puts her in jeopardy of arrest. Baba, a Yoruba priest and plumber, is the founder of the community gallery in the neighborhood, which occupies the bottom two floors of his three-story house. The name and address sign that he hangs above his porch is now in violation of Historic Code because it is carved in an African-relief style. Baba is also prosecuted in court before Judge Pfeiffer and faces fines and possible arrest for refusing to remove his sign. Jim, a working-class gay man, works two jobs to buy a boarded up Victorian house in Olde Towne East. He risks his financial future when he purchases and begins renovations on the house using credit cards."] ['Three very different siblings: Hans-Jörg a librarian who is a sex addict; Werner a politician in a troubled marriage with a son who enjoys to discredit his father; Martin who is now Agnes after having a gender reassignment operation. Agnes works as a dancer and is suffering from unrequited love.'] [" The film features interviews with sex reassignment surgeon Dr. Leo Wollman and various transsexuals. Between the interviews, there are re-enactments or dramatizations of the interviewees' experiences, such as one woman who didn't wait long enough after surgery before she took a man home, and her new vagina started to bleed because it hadn't been given enough time to heal after the surgery. The film was released on DVD in 2006."] ['The lives of the inhabitants of El Callejón de los Milagros, in downtown Mexico City, are as closely knitted as the threads of a rug. Fifty-something Don Ru owns a small "cantina" where all the men spend afternoons playing domino. He\'s tired of his longtime marriage with Eusebia and has recently discovered new feelings inside his heart. It does not matter if these feelings are not aimed to a young lady but to a young clerk after all, as one of the characters says, "it\'s platonic love". Don Ru\'s son Chava does not like what he sees and almost kills his father\'s lover. Running away from Don Ru\'s anger, Chava escapes to the USA with his friend Abel who is deeply in love with beautiful Alma, the daughter of Doña Cata, a tarot reader with bad luck in love. Susanita, the ugly landlady looking for love; Guicho, Don Ru\'s cynical employee, Maru, Don Fidel, Doña Flor, Zacarias and mean Jose Luis complete the cast of characters of this complex portrait of lives.'] ["When young history professor Russ is called upon by his sister to execute their late mother's estate, he is reunited with boyhood friend Mike, and with his father, the charismatic leader of a New Age cult. While exploring his memories, Russ wanders into a warehouse where hundreds of names are listed on the walls. As he sleeps that night, he dreams of a stone cudgel and awakens to find a cudgel in his motel room; the town drunk warns him that it is an instrument of sacrifice. A young liquor store clerk enlists him to help find her brother, whom she believes has been taken by the cult. Russ's aunt, who has been living in an asylum, tells him that his mother left a message hidden in her house. Looking for answers in the warehouse, Russ is taken on an unbelievable journey through the small town's ancient, subterranean origins. When he escapes, he and Mike find the girl's brother murdered. Russ begins to believe preparations are underway for a mass sacrifice, and engages the attentions of a seductress in order to obtain information. He is raped and arrested for murder on the eve of the May Festival. The stakes are raised when Russ discovers that the cult intends to take over the world by raising anthropomorphic creatures from the sea. The film ends with Russ and his best friend/lover being held by the cult, as Russ' father orders him to choose between the man he loves and the life he has been called to lead in his father's church."] ['Mary Griffith  is a devout Christian who raises her children with the conservative teachings of the Presbyterian Church. However, when her son Bobby  confides to his older brother that he may be gay, life changes for the entire family after Mary learns about his secret. Bobby\'s father and siblings slowly come to terms with his homosexuality, but Mary believes that God can "cure" him. She takes him to a psychiatrist and persuades Bobby to pray harder and seek solace in Church activities in hopes of changing him. Desperate for his mother\'s approval, Bobby does what is asked of him, but through it all, the Church\'s disapproval of homosexuality and his mother\'s attempts to suppress his growing behaviors in public causes him to grow increasingly withdrawn and depressed. Stricken with guilt, Bobby moves away with his cousin, hoping that some day, his mother will accept him. He moves to Oregon, giving up on his hopes of defeating homosexuality. He finds a boyfriend, David ([[Scott Bailey , at a gay bar. However, Mary makes it clear that she still does not want her son to continue as he is. Despite meeting David\'s parents, who assure them that things will change, Bobby continues thinking of his mother\'s words, and also sees David with another man. Finally, Bobby\'s subsequent depression and self-loathing intensifies as he blames himself for not being the "perfect" son, and one night, he free falls off a freeway bridge into the path of an oncoming eighteen-wheeler truck, which kills him instantly. The family receives the horrible news the following day, and is devastated. Faced with their tragedy, Mary begins to question herself and her Church\'s interpretation of the Scripture. Through her long and emotional journey, Mary slowly reaches out to the gay community and discovers unexpected support from a very unlikely source. She becomes acquainted with a local gay reverend, who convinces her to attend a meeting of Parents, Families and Friends of Lesbians and Gays . It is there that she realizes that she knew Bobby was different from conception and that his true value was in his heart. {{cquote}} She becomes an advocate for gay rights and eventually gives a speech in a town council meeting in support of a local "gay day". She urges people to think before they say, voice, or support homophobia because "a child is listening". The measure is rejected, but she and her family travel to San Francisco with fellow PFLAG members and walk in a gay pride parade, during which she sees another young man just like Bobby observing the parade. She walks over and hugs him, finally coming to terms with her son\'s death and vowing to work hard for the rights of gays and lesbians.<ref namehttp://www.mylifetime.com/on-tv/movies/prayers-bobby |titleMyLifetime.com |accessdate = 2009-01-10 }}'] ["Set in London in 1938, the film focuses on highly successful and extremely popular theatre actress Julia Lambert, whose gradual disillusionment with her career as she approaches middle age has prompted her to ask her husband, stage director Michael Gosselyn, and his financial backer, Dolly de Vries, to close her current production to allow her time to travel abroad. They convince her to remain with the play throughout the summer, and Michael introduces her to Tom Fennel, an enterprising American who confesses his deep appreciation of her work. Seeking the passion missing from her marriage, and anxious to fill the void left when her close friend Lord Charles suggested they part ways to avoid scandalous gossip, Julia embarks on a passionate affair with the young man and begins to support him so he may enjoy the glamorous lifestyle to which she has introduced him. Their relationship revives her, sparking a distinct change in her personality. Always hovering in the background and offering counsel is the spirit of her mentor, Jimmie Langton, the theatrical manager who gave Julia her start and made her a star, while flesh-and-blood Evie serves as her personal maid, dresser, and confidante. Michael suggests they invite Tom to spend time at their country estate, where he can become better acquainted with their son Roger. At a party there Tom meets aspiring actress Avice Crichton, and when Julia sees him flirting with the pretty young woman she becomes jealous and anxious and angrily confronts him. He slowly reveals himself to be a callous, social-climbing, gold-digging gigolo, and Julia is shattered when their affair comes to an end. Avice, now romantically involved with Tom, asks him to bring Julia to see her perform in a play in the hope the actress will convince her husband to cast her in a supporting role in Julia's upcoming new project. The play is dreadful and Avice is not much better. Backstage, Julia compliments her even worse co-star and barely acknowledges Avice, although she promises to tell Michael about her. Afterwards, she forces Tom to admit he loves Avice, then - although her heart is broken by his admission - she assures him she will insist the ingenue be cast in her next play. When Julia's performance in her current play begins to suffer due to her personal discontent, Michael closes the production and Julia visits her mother and Aunt Carrie in Jersey, where Lord Charles comes to visit her. Julia suggests a romantic tryst, and he gently tells her that he's gay. Meanwhile, back in London, Avice auditions for Michael and, although Julia resents her, she is given the role. Julia returns home to begin rehearsals for the new play. Shortly after, she learns from her son that Avice has been one of Michael's casual trysts. Still, she is uncharacteristically solicitous toward the girl, making suggestions that place her in the spotlight and insisting her own wardrobe be drab to allow Avice to shine. What her director and fellow cast members don't realize is there's a method to her seeming madness - Julia has planned her sweet revenge for the opening night performance, during which she successfully affirms her position as London theatre's foremost diva."] ['The plot centres on the handsome Belgian sailor Georges Querelle ([[Brad Davis , who is also a thief and murderer. When his ship, the Vengeur, arrives in Brest, he visits the Feria, a bar and brothel for sailors run by the madame Lysiane , whose lover Robert is Querelle\'s brother. Querelle has a love/hate relationship with his brother; when they meet at La Feria, they embrace, but also punch one another slowly and repeatedly in the belly. Lysiane\'s husband Nono  tends bar and manages La Feria\'s underhanded affairs with the assistance of his friend, the corrupt police captain Mario. Querelle makes a deal to sell opium to Nono, and murders his accomplice Vic. After delivering the drugs, Querelle announces that he wants to sleep with Lysiane. He knows that this means he will have to throw dice with Nono, who, as Lysiane\'s husband, has the privilege of playing a game of chance with all of her prospective lovers. If Nono loses, the suitor is allowed to proceed with his affair. If the suitor loses, however, he must submit to anal sex with Nono first. "That way, I can say my wife only sleeps with assholes," Nono says. Querelle deliberately loses the game, allowing himself to be sodomized by Nono. When Nono gloats about Querelle\'s "loss" to Robert, who won his dice game, the brothers end up in a violent fight. Later, Querelle becomes Lysiane\'s lover, and also has sex with Mario. Luckily for Querelle, a construction worker called Gil murders his coworker Theo, who had been harassing and sexually assaulting him. Gil is also considered to be the murderer of Vic. Gil hides from the police in an abandoned prison, and Roger, who is in love with Gil, establishes contact between Querelle and Gil in the hopes that Querelle can help Gil flee. Querelle falls in love with Gil, who closely resembles his brother . Gil returns his affections, but Querelle betrays Gil by tipping off the police. Querelle had cleverly arranged it so that his murder of Vic is also blamed on Gil. In parallel there is a plot line concerning Querelle\'s superior, Lieutenant Seblon , who is in love with Querelle, and constantly tries to prove his manliness to him. Seblon is aware that Querelle murdered Vic, but chooses to protect him. Near the end of the film, Seblon reveals his love and concern to a drunken Querelle, and they kiss and embrace before returning to Le Vengeur.'] ['James Sanchez is a 29-year-old gay man who feels he has reached a dead end in his life. While his best friend Roxy, an actress-turned-activist, struggles to show him there is life beyond the glitz of the disco ball, his other friend, Brandon works on getting James to socialize. Feeling out of place in the world and caught between his Hispanic-American heritage and his homosexuality, James grows, realizing that life is in the journey, not the destination. Throughout his long journey to find a partner, James dates many different guys, many of whom he meets in gay bars. He attempts to find a man online, which leads him to Mike. They go on a date, which seems to be "perfect," but Mike never calls back. Throughout his relationship troubles, James also deals with his parents, who try to be much too accepting , a lack of a job, a lack of inspiration for his talents as an actor and his lack of confidence to approach the man to whom he crushes on, the hot and sexy coffee barista in the cafe down the street. After going through friendship troubles, all too depressing moments and losing his apartment\'s electricity, he struggles his way back into life by getting an acting job and perhaps finding the man of his dreams.'] ['Skinny-dipping, hot summer kisses and an unexpected secret in a drama comedy about a group of gay Indian men.'] ['Val, a young, middle-class woman with a strong desire for sex, finds herself destitute after an abusive boyfriend runs off with all her money, and begins to earn a living as a high-class call girl but finds herself enjoying this life more than she could have hoped - or feared.From the description of the book at Amazon USA'] ["Jeroen  reminisces about the time in 1944 when he  and other boys were sent to the countryside by their parents to escape the war. The city suffers from food shortages, with more food available in the country. He stays with an eel fisher's family, but despite the abundance of food, he is plagued by homesickness. Jeroen and his friend Jan go to the ocean and see an American plane in the water; Jan tries to go under but claims there are too many eels and comes up with a big cut on his upper right thigh. Things change when the village is liberated by Canadian troops. Jeroen meets Walt Cook , a Canadian soldier in his early 20s, who befriends him. Jeroen revels in the attention the soldier showers on him, at first treating him like a little brother and eventually their relationship becomes sexual. His foster parents are aware of the closeness between Jeroen and the soldier, but it is unclear in the film whether they are aware of the sexual nature of the relationship. After a few more days, Walt's troop are ordered to move and Walt leaves without saying goodbye to Jeroen. Jeroen hears about it from his foster sisters that they are leaving and he rushes to the soldiers home, but finds that they have already left. Jeroen is lying awake in his bed and notices that the scarecrow that posed as Walt when his foster family took pictures, and races outside to get it but when he touches it his hand is badly hurt and his taken inside by his foster dad. The next morning his hosted dad is burning the scarecrow and notices the sunglasses that Walt left on the wire. Jeroen is heartbroken, having only a photo to remind him of the soldier which turns out to be ruined in the rain. After the war is over, he returns to his family back in Amsterdam, where he decides to go to America later in his life. The film ends with grown-up Jeroen affectionately recalling the story and trying to express it as a ballet dance. While rehearsing the dance, his assistant hands him an envelope. He opens the envelope to find an enlargement of the only photo of him and the foster family and also a further enlargement of the soldier's dog tag with his identification. He realizes that he can now find his lost soldier after all this time. In the novel, Walt's name is Walter P. Narbutus."] ['The story concerns a hapless civil servant  who gets more than he bargained for when he moves into an apartment with a gay fashion student  and finds himself on the catwalk. The film sets out to explore the difficulties faced by young people in keeping their identities in a fast moving culture of drugs and clubs.'] ['Baran  is a young Kurd who was sent to Hamburg after his parents, who had helped Kurdish rebels, were betrayed and subsequently killed by the Turkish militia. Now that Baran is 16, he is no longer allowed to stay in Germany and faces the bleak prospect of getting deported back. Baran meets Chernor , an African boy who has the same problem and trafficks drugs to make some money. Chernor is openly gay and their friendship has sexual overtones from the beginning. Baran also has very little interest in girls, even though a marriage might solve his immigration-related legal trouble. Things get even more complicated when Baran spots the traitor of his family and wants to kill him. However, the man pleads for his life and Baran spares him. After this act of forgiveness, Cherno and Baran have sex together for the first time, making it clear to Baran that his interest in Cherno goes beyond friendship. Finally, both Cherno and Baran, who had made a desperate attempt to free Cherno, are arrested by the police.'] ['Arvid, a bank teller, is dumped by his girlfriend for being too boring and dull. Hoping to put some excitement in his life, Arvid helps stop a robbery at the bank. The wife of the would-be bank robber tracks Arvid down and tells him her husband was robbing the bank only so he could pay for medical treatments so they could have a child. The title is a reference to an axiom Arvid\'s brother tells him: "In China, they eat dogs"; which makes him realize that there is no such thing as moral absolutism, and that whether something is right or wrong depends on the situation. Because of his revelation, he comes to sympathize with the bank robber. Imagining he can help the couple and prove himself to be a dangerous outlaw all at once, Arvid plots a robbery of his own bank with the help of his brother Harald and some fellow wannabe criminals.'] ["The film tells a tale of six central characters, their failures, obsessions and darkest desires. Set in an army post, it tells the story of Maj. Weldon Penderton  and his wife Leonora . Other central characters are Lt. Col. Morris Langdon  and his sick wife Alison , the Langdons' houseboy Anacleto  and a mysterious soldier, Pvt. Williams . The story begins at an Army base in the 1940s. Maj. Penderton assigns Pvt. Williams to a private house call instead of his usual duty, which is maintaining the stables. Meanwhile we are introduced to Maj. Penderton's wife, Leonora, who is about to go horseback riding with Lt. Col. Langdon. From the first scene with Leonora the viewer is aware of her extramarital affair with Langdon, as well as her strong bond with her horse, Firebird. Also a point made in the film is Williams's strong bond with all the horses in the stable. On one of their rides, Langdon and Leonora witness Pvt. Williams riding nude. Leonora and Penderton have an argument that same night which Williams witnesses through a window of their home, which develops into Williams spying on them from outside at first, then breaking into the house and watching Leonora sleep at night. As the nights continue Williams starts to sift through her feminine things, and caresses her lingerie. Penderton takes Leonora's horse and rides wildly into the woods, but he falls off and is dragged a distance by the horse. He then beats the horse. Pvt. Williams while riding naked comes to the horse and brings him back to the stable to tend the horse's wounds. Penderton becomes infatuated with Williams and starts to follow him around the camp. Upon finding out about her horse, Leonora interrupts her own party and repeatedly strikes her husband in the face with her riding crop. Alison Langdon, the wife of Lt. Col. Langdon, is recovering from having sliced off her nipples with a pair of pruning shears, the apparent result of depression following the death of her newborn child. Alison's only bond is with her effeminate Filipino houseboy. Alison, being very aware of her husband's adulterous behavior, decides to divorce him, but is then forced into an asylum by her husband as she tries to leave him. Langdon falsely tells Leonora and Penderton that Alison was going insane. Soon, Penderton is informed that Alison died of a heart attack, but in truth she committed suicide. One night Penderton looks out of his window to find Williams outside his house. He thinks that Williams has picked up his subtle signals and is coming to see him, but instead watches Williams enter his wife's room. He then enters his wife's room and shoots Williams."] ['Based on the book Disco Bloodbath, by James St. James, the film opens with Michael Alig as a small-town outcast who lived with his mom before moving to New York. Michael learns the New York party scene from James St. James, who teaches him the "rules of fabulousness", which mostly revolve around attracting as much attention to oneself as possible. Despite James\' warning, Alig hosts a party at Limelight, a local club which is owned by Peter Gatien, and soon becomes the hottest club in New York, with Alig at the head. Alig is named "King of the Club Kids" and goes on a cross country journey in search of more club kids. Alig and James pick up Angel Melendez, Gitsie, and Brooke. Soon after meeting, Gitsie becomes Alig\'s new girlfriend. However, after Michael descends further into drug abuse, his life starts to spiral out of control, eventually culminating in his involvement in the murder of Angel. Gitsie and Michael decide to go to rehab and treat it as a "Second Honeymoon", leaving James behind. James then begins to write his "Great American Novel" published as Disco Bloodbath and later as Party Monster.'] ['John "Griff" Griffith, an average college student, is active in his fraternity and lives in the frat house. He has a bunk bed in the room he shares with his best friend Todd Bently, Doogie and his pledge Stewy. Another of his fraternity brothers, Pete Bradley, has moved out of the frat house and into a house he shares with other students. Griff and Pete have a secret sexual relationship, but Griff\'s close-knit fraternity life puts a strain on it. Griff is satisfied with the arrangement, but Pete is not. Pete wants them to date as a romantic couple, and one night he gets Griff to agree to go on a date with him. Griff is annoyed to discover that Pete has tricked him into meeting at a gay coffeehouse. He runs into Sam, an out, loud, and proud activist, who is passing out flyers for a "community action patrol" to help prevent gay bashing. The juxtaposition of "closeted" and "out" gay people heightens the drama and serves as comic relief at the same time. The "date" ends with Griff telling Pete that he wants no part of the lifestyle displayed by the coffeehouse\'s clientele. They both leave and separate in anger with Pete walking up a dark alley and Griff getting into his Jeep. Griff then notices a black truck, going up the alley after Pete. The next day Griff and his fraternity brothers are amazed to find out that Pete has been viciously attacked and is comatose in the local hospital. Griff is obviously shocked and disoriented, but the others are concerned about the negative impact on their upcoming rush week of having a gay member of their fraternity. At a special "house meeting" Buchanan, the head of the house, tells the others that there is a criminal investigation of Pete\'s attack. The response of some of the fraternity brothers is anything but sympathetic to Pete. When Griff and Todd go to the hospital to see about Pete, they are questioned by Detective Horne, who is investigating the attack, but Griff is silent about being with Pete that night because he would be outing himself at the same time. His deep love for Pete is apparent moments before when he breaks down silently in a stall in the men\'s room. The tragic situation completely changes Griff: he drifts along in a daze, ignoring his friends, classwork, and fraternity responsibilities. He goes to the coffeehouse, the hospital, the place where Pete was attacked, and Pete\'s home. At the coffeehouse he sees Denetra, an African-American fellow student, and his need to talk with a sympathetic listener motivates him to become friends with her. Griff\'s continued preoccupation over Pete causes him to forget what he needs to do for the rush party: make sure that the house is well-stocked with alcohol and contact a sorority to invite them to the party. An emotional confrontation between the head of the house and Griff has Todd decide to take a time out with his troubled friend. They drive up into the mountains for the night, and the next morning, Griff admits to Todd that he has never been so sure of anything as his love for Pete. He then voices his disgust for the way he treated Pete just before he was attacked. Because his failure to give important information to the police was another way he betrayed Pete, he and Todd go right to the police station so that Griff can tell Detective Horne that he was with Pete just before he was attacked and that he saw a black truck going up the alley after him. When Griff and Todd get back to the frat house they see Doogie\'s friend Smitty there with his black truck. Griff realizes that that was the truck that followed Pete, and Todd remembers that Doogie and Stewy were with Smitty the night Pete was attacked. They were Pete\'s attackers. Stewy admits to the attack when Griff confronts Doogie in the game room. A surprised Denetra walks by the frat house while the police escort Doogie and Stewy out in handcuffs. There is nothing left for Griff to do but move out of the fraternity house and into Pete\'s place. Griff is called when Pete comes out of his coma. When he is alone with Pete Griff promises him that what happened will never happen again, and he tells Pete he needs his help in figuring things out as they make their life together. When Pete has fully recovered he and Griff double-date with Todd and Heather at a football game. As couples they appear detached from the fraternity group that is barbecuing near the stadium. Denetra drives up with her date Loretta, whom Heather knows from her English class, and they all go to the game together. In the final scene, which follows during the course of the credits, Pete is shown reading in bed with Griff playfully joining him: Pete\'s dream becomes a reality.'] ["Troy  and Duke  have attended dozens of funerals for friends who have died of AIDS. Many of them were unable to afford the prohibitively expensive drugs they needed to stay alive. With their own funds running low, Troy and Duke decide to stage a series of robberies, stealing supplies of the life-saving drugs. Their heists are so successful that they're soon able to begin distributing medications throughout the community."] ['Teenager Kristian moves to a new neighborhood and makes friends with two boys in his new school: Henrik, an independent loner, and Patrick, leader of a gang. Later on, Kristian is startled to find Patrick is having an affair with the captain of a soccer team and this leads him to explore his own feelings.'] ["The story is that of a conniving countess  coming between a gay sculptor, Claude Zoret , and his bisexual model and lover, Mikaël , ultimately leading to Zoret's death in a raging storm at the base of a statue of Mikaël as the mythological Icarus."] ['Jack is a normal teenager going through puberty. His parents get divorced and his world starts to fall apart. While on a fishing trip with his father, he finds out that his father is in live-in relationship with a man. He is bullied at school because of this. His best friend is Max , whose mother is being beaten by his father. He has a crush on one of his friends, Maggie, whose father is also gay. In the end, Jack learns to accept his father and the fact that he is gay.'] ["Set in London in the early nineties, the film portrays the bitter-sweet lifestyles of a young gay couple in a fiery open relationship. Mark is an acerbic drag queen with a sharp tongue, who finds it difficult to accept his much better-looking partner's highly-promiscuous lifestyle of non-stop clubbing and cruising. Worse still, Mark is HIV positive and his partner is negative. Both of them are struggling to come to terms with Mark's deteriorating condition. Nowadays, Mark prefers to stay at home when not performing - working on his own panel of embroidery for an AIDS quilt memorial project. Simon however, prefers to turn a blind eye to the situation and continues to cruise London's gay bars at night looking for action. Mark dies early on in the story and Simon becomes the focus of the story as he buries his feelings and continues his torrid sex life. At first, It seems that he's totally unaffected by his lover's death. But when Mark comes back to haunt him his life suddenly gets a lot more complex! Especially as he's the only one who can see him. It turns out that Mark has actually come back to help his partner to accept his true feelings and to encourage him to reassess his reckless lifestyle. A lifestyle that he is sure will never bring him the happiness he seeks. Eventually, Mark gets through to him and Simon breaks down and weeps for the very first time. Mark's work is done and he can leave his one-time lover to move on with his life."] ['Set in China in the 1980s or 1990s, the film tells the story of Li Ming, a young orphan of the Tangshan earthquake, who leaves to study at the home of a renowned botanist. A secretive man and commanding father, he lives on an island that he has transformed into a luxurious garden. Anxious to share this solitary life, his daughter, An, welcomes with joy the arrival of the female student. Soon their friendship develops into a sensual, but forbidden attraction. Incapable of separating themselves, Ming and An create a dangerous arrangement to be able to continue spending their lives together: Ming marries An\'s brother, who is a PLA soldier and cannot bring his wife with him. However, An and Ming\'s relationship is discovered by the botanist who gets a heart attack when he finds out. Before he dies, he tells police that it was his daughter and daughter-in-law\'s homosexuality "disease" that killed him. Thus, An and Ming are sentenced to death by a court and executed.'] ['The movie starts at a family dinner where Saša , a discontent Belgrade Law School student who is still living with her parents, informs them about her decision to follow her boyfriend Stefan  to Canada since he had already accepted a job offer to coach water polo there. The parents who thought the young couple were about to announce their intention to get married can hardly hide their shock and disappointment at the unexpected turn of events. Saša\'s father Miloš , a conservative judge, is particularly not happy with the fact that she\'s leaving her studies. Saša also tells them that she\'s moving in with Stefan right away, even before her visa application is processed. The young couple then leaves the dinner in a bit of a huff. While driving back to Stefan\'s apartment, they get into a car accident. Luckily both survive: Saša only with scratches and Stefan with minor head and leg injuries that require hospitalization. In the hospital Saša meets Stefan\'s sister Lana , a charming Paris-based photographer who\'s come to Belgrade in order to take care of her injured brother. While Saša gets released from the hospital the same day she wakes up, Stefan is being held for a few more weeks. While he recovers, his sister Lana seems to have forgotten the original intention of her arrival to Serbia, and spends all her time with Saša. Saša, who initially finds Lana to be very irritating, is being slowly seduced by her, and goes through the path of anger, denial, acceptance and outing in the time span of only few days. Her parents, busy with their own separation and divorce, don\'t notice their daughter\'s love life confusion right away - more precisely, they have to be told so. Both of them react very differently. Mother , who has just realized that life should not be wasted in compromises but should be lived to the fullest, is very happy that her daughter has finally found her true love. On the other hand, Saša\'s father, who tries to keep his family together at all costs, becomes very unstable and angry after hearing these news, which for him represent the last drop. While this movie supports the gay right to love and to be loved freely and openly, in the same time it condemns a homosexual and every other kind of pedophilia by showing how deep is the trauma that a sexual abuse at the young age has left on Saša\'s father. Releasing all his suppressed anger, he has Lana followed and arrested for one night on a traffic violation account, which results in Lana\'s change of spirit - from a joyful but a little superficial and inconsiderate girl she becomes a crushed pessimist, decided to escape the troublesome situation. She confronts Stefan and breaks up with Saša by telling her that "it was a nice dream" and that "she wishes for her to fall in love again", suggesting that she herself could not love again. She leaves for Paris, and things eventually work out for Stefan, who splits for Canada with a nurse from the hospital, and for Saša\'s mother too, who moves to Vienna with her new husband and her little stepdaughter. Saša\'s father dies on, so to say, the consequences of his bogus heart condition and Saša is left completely alone to stand still in a world where everybody else seems to be going places, even though in different directions. A viewer is being left with a distinct feeling of "plots behind the plot", i.e. there are several stories from the life of the protagonists, which are implied to but not quite revealed. Those are for example: the story about Stefan\'s and Lana\'s childhood and their relationship in general; the story about Saša\'s father\'s youth and marriage; the relationship between Saša\'s father and his assistant; and the most important - what has happened that night in prison and why has Lana decided to drop the fight so quickly. Although it may sound as a disadvantage of the scenario, it actually complements it .'] ['In 1963, Ennis Del Mar  and Jack Twist  are hired by Joe Aguirre  to herd his sheep through the summer in Wyoming. After a night of heavy drinking, Jack makes a sexual pass at Ennis, who is initially apprehensive but then succumbs to Jack\'s advances. Although he warns Jack that it was a one-time incident, they develop a sexual and emotional relationship. Shortly after learning their summer together is being cut short, they briefly fight, and each is bloodied. After Jack and Ennis part ways, Ennis marries his longtime fiancée Alma Beers  and fathers two children. Jack returns the next summer, but Aguirre, who witnessed Jack and Ennis on the mountain, does not re-hire him. Jack meets, marries and starts a family with rodeo rider Lureen Newsome . After four years, Jack visits Ennis. Upon meeting the two kiss passionately, which Alma accidentally witnesses. Jack broaches the subject of creating a life together on a small ranch, but Ennis, haunted by a childhood memory of the torture and murder of a man suspected of homosexual behavior, refuses. He is also unwilling to abandon his family. Ennis and Jack continue to meet for infrequent fishing trips. The marriages of both men deteriorate. Alma and Ennis eventually divorce. Ennis sees his family regularly until Alma finally reveals her knowledge of the nature of his relationship with Jack by making homophobic remarks which incites a violent argument. Ennis subsequently severs his ties with Alma. Lureen abandons her rodeo days and becomes a businesswoman with her father and expects Jack to work in sales. Hearing about Ennis\'s divorce, Jack drives to Wyoming hoping they can live together, but Ennis refuses to move away from his children. Jack finds solace with male prostitutes in Mexico. Ennis meets and has a brief romantic relationship with a waitress, Cassie Cartwright . Jack and Lureen meet and befriend another couple, Randall and Lashawn Malone, and it is implied that Jack and Randall begin an affair behind their wives\' backs. At the end of a fishing trip, Ennis attempts to push back their next meeting. An argument erupts over Jack\'s frustration at seeing Ennis so infrequently and Ennis blames Jack for being the cause of his own conflicted emotions. Jack attempts to hold him and there is a brief struggle, but they end up locked in an embrace. A flashback of Ennis saying goodbye to Jack during their summer on Brokeback Mountain fades back to Jack watching Ennis drive away. Sometime later, a postcard Ennis sends to Jack is returned stamped "Deceased". In a telephone conversation, Lureen tells Ennis that Jack died when a tire he was changing exploded; while listening, Ennis imagines Jack being beaten to death by a gang. Jack\'s actual fate is left "deliberately ambiguous".{{cite journal}} Lureen tells Ennis that Jack wanted to have his ashes scattered on Brokeback Mountain, but she does not know where it is. Ennis travels to meet with Jack\'s mother and father , where he offers to take Jack\'s ashes – but the father refuses, preferring to have them interred in a family plot. In Jack\'s childhood bedroom, Ennis finds the bloodstained shirt he thought he lost on Brokeback Mountain, realizing that Jack kept it hanging with the bloodstained shirt Jack himself wore during that fight. Ennis holds them up to his face, breathing in their scent and silently weeping. Jack\'s mother allows him to keep the shirts. Later, 19-year-old Alma Jr.  arrives at her father\'s trailer with the news that she is engaged. She asks Ennis for his blessing and invites him to the wedding. Ennis asks her if her fiancé really loves her, and she answers "yes". After Alma\'s departure, Ennis goes to his closet. Hanging on a nail pounded into the door are the shirts, with a postcard of Brokeback Mountain tacked above. Now Jack\'s shirt is tucked inside of Ennis\'s. Ennis fastens the top button of Jack\'s shirt, and with tears in his eyes mutters, "Jack, I swear..." while straightening the postcard, before closing the door and walking away.'] ["Omar Ali is a young man living in 1980s London. His father, Hussein, is a Pakistani journalist who lives in London but hates Britain and its international politics. His dissatisfaction with the world and a family tragedy has caused his alcoholism to take over, so that Omar has to take care of him. By contrast, Omar's paternal uncle Nasser is a successful entrepreneur and an active member of the London Pakistani community. Omar's father asks his uncle to give him a job and, after working for a brief time as a car washer in one of his uncle's garages, he is assigned the task of running a run-down laundrette and turning it into a profitable business. At Nasser's, Omar meets a few other members of the Pakistani community: Tania, Nasser's daughter and possibly a future bride; and Salim, who traffics drugs and hires him to deliver them from the airport. While driving Salim and his wife home that night, the three of them get attacked by a group of right-wing extremists shouting racist slogans. Among them, Omar recognizes an old friend of his, Johnny. Omar asks Johnny to resume their friendship. Johnny decides to help with the laundrette and they resume a romantic relationship which  had been interrupted after school. Running out of money, Omar and Johnny sell one of Salim's drug deliveries to make cash for the laundrette redecoration. The laundrette becomes a success. At the opening day, Nasser visits the store with his mistress, Rachel. They dance together in the laundrette while Omar and Johnny are having sex in the back room. Omar and Johnny are almost caught by Nasser, but Omar claims they were sleeping. Tania confronts Rachel about having an affair with her father, Nasser. Nasser and Rachel leave the laundrette and fight in the road; Rachel storms off because she feels humiliated by Tania and her presence. Later in the film, she falls ill with a skin rash apparently caused by a ritual curse from Nasser's wife, and Rachel decides to leave him. Omar, while drunk, proposes to Tania. She agrees on the condition that Omar gathers money. Omar's father also stops by, late in the night, and appeals to Johnny to persuade Omar to go to college because he is unhappy with his son running a laundrette. Omar decides to take over two laundrettes owned by a friend of Nasser, with the help of Salim. Salim drives Johnny and Omar to view one of the properties, and he expresses his dislike of the British non-working punks . Salim attempts to run over the group of punks who had previously attacked Omar's car and injures one of them. The group of working class punks decides to wait for Salim around the laundrette. While the punks circle the laundrette, Tania drops by and tells Johnny she is leaving and asks if he will come with her. He refuses Tania by revealing his relationship with Omar, and she departs. When Salim enters the laundrette, the punks trash his car. Upon noticing their destruction, he runs out of the laundrette and is then ambushed and attacked. He is beaten and bloodied until Johnny decides to save him, despite their mutual dislike. The punks turn their attention to attacking Johnny instead for supporting the Pakistani community, and beat him savagely until he is saved by Omar. The film cuts to Nasser visiting Omar's father, and their discussion about Omar's future. Nasser sees Tania at a train platform while she is running away, and he shouts to her but she disappears. Omar proceeds to clean up Johnny's wounds, and the two bond. The film ends with them playfully splashing each other with water from a sink while topless, implying they are continuing their relationship."] ["In New York City during the middle of a hot summer, body parts of men are showing up in the Hudson River. The police suspect it to be the work of a serial killer who is picking up homosexual men at West Village bars like the Eagle's Nest, the Ramrod, and the Cock Pit, then taking them to cheap rooming houses or motels, tying them up and stabbing them to death. Officer Steve Burns , who resembles the victims, is sent deep undercover into the urban world of gay S&M and leather bars in the Meatpacking District in order to track down the killer. He rents an apartment in the area and befriends a neighbor, Ted Bailey  a struggling young gay playwright. Burns's undercover work takes a toll on his relationship with his girlfriend Nancy , due to both his refusal to tell her the details of his current assignment and Burns building a close friendship with Ted, who himself is having relationship issues with his jealous and overbearing dancer boyfriend Gregory. Burns mistakenly compels the police to interrogate a waiter, Skip Lee , who is intimidated and beaten to coerce a confession before police discover Skip's fingerprints don't match the killer's. Burns is disturbed by this police brutality, and comes to believe that the police are motivated by homophobia. Outraged, and exhausted by his undercover assignment, he almost quits his job. However, Burns is convinced by his boss  to continue with the investigation. Following a new lead, Burns investigates Columbia University students who studied with one of the previous victims, a college professor. At the film's conclusion, Burns thinks that he has found the serial killer, a gay music student who attacks him with a knife in Morningside Park. Burns brings the man into custody, but shortly afterward Ted's mutilated body is found. The police dismiss the murder as a lover's quarrel turned violent and put out an arrest warrant for Gregory, whom Ted had earlier described to Steve as controlling and possessive. With the police under the impression that the murders have been solved, Burns moves back in with Nancy. In an ambiguous finale, Burns begins shaving his beard in the bathroom while Nancy secretly inspects clothes that he left on a chair: a leather peaked cap, aviator frames, and a leather jacket that all look very similar to the outfit the killer wore. Burns, meanwhile, wipes off his shaving cream and looks directly at the camera."] ['Foxfire is narrated by Maddie Wirtz, a high school senior living a rather normal life in the suburbs of Portland, Oregon. Maddie is in control of her life, with a boyfriend, and plans to go to art school. One day in science class, the students are watching the teacher Mr. Buttinger try to make Rita Faldes dissect a frog. A mysterious and beautiful leather jacket-clad "new student" stands up to Mr. Buttinger and releases Rita\'s frog. When Mr. Buttinger sentences them both to detention, the drifter reveals that she\'s not a new student after all, and escapes through the same window as the frog. Later, in the girls\' restroom, the drifter and some other girls are listening to Rita describe Mr. Buttinger\'s untoward advances. When the drifter says the only way to stop the teacher is to stick together, the only girls to stay are Rita, Violet, and Maddie. When detention time comes, Mr. Buttinger indeed begins his advances toward Rita, but is startled by Violet\'s entry. When Maddie and the drifter come in soon after, he realizes the situation is becoming serious. The girls confront the teacher about his abuse, and they become involved in a physical altercation, which ends when the ordinarily shy Rita slams his face against a lab bench and tells him "if you ever put your hands on me again, I\'m gonna snip your little nuts off with my toenail clippers." At this point Goldie Goldberg walks in, and joins the assault by declaring "this is great; Buttinger is such a fuck." The girls run from the school and then decide to go home. At Maddie\'s house, Maddie is surprised by a knock at the window, which turns out to be the stranger from the earlier assault, there to return Maddie\'s dropped address book. The girl tells Maddie she\'s a drifter who got kicked out of school "for thinking for herself." Maddie agrees to let her sleep on the floor. The next morning, Maddie catches up with the girl on a bridge. The girl tells Maddie her name is "Legs", and brings Maddie\'s art supplies up onto the bridge. Maddie, who is afraid of heights, can\'t join her. A truck startles Legs, who drops the art portfolio over the edge of the bridge. Legs climbs over the edge of the bridge to retrieve the bag, which deeply impresses Maddie. As they part, Maddie tells Legs of an abandoned house up the river where Legs could stay. At school, the girls are called in to the principal\'s office, where their claims of sexual harassment fall on deaf ears, and they are suspended for three weeks. The girls are escorted off campus, and Maddie is not allowed to retrieve her art school portfolio. Instead of going home with the news of their suspension, they all decide to go to the abandoned house up the river. There they meet Legs, who suggests they break into the school to get Maddie\'s portfolio. The girls sneak into the high school through a vent, and go into the art room. While the other girls are busy collecting Maddie\'s work, Goldie is put off by an unflattering Polaroid, and moves into a side room to smoke a joint. She throws her match into a pile of oily rags, starting a fire, and setting off the sprinklers. The girls have to escape the police who come to investigate, and eventually reconvene at the house. Back at the house, Legs decides to commemorate the night by giving herself a tattoo of a flame on her breast. One by one, the other girls ask Legs to give them the same tattoo. This act dictates the final bond that tie the girls together. However, things start to go terribly wrong. First, Maddie is threatened by a group of jocks who dislike the idea of the girls reporting their abusive teacher, since he is also the coach of their football team. During an attempt to "teach her" a lesson, she is rescued by the rest of the group and they steal Dana\'s  car, with Legs driving. Eventually, after running into some cops on patrol, they continue their run after Legs refuses to stop, leading to an accident which in turn leads to Legs being put in a correctional facility. The girls continue on, but aren\'t as close-knit anymore. Goldie gives in to the pressure and runs away from home. Maddie somehow finds her and brings her back to the abandoned house. After Legs gets out, she returns to the "hang out", and is shocked to see Goldie\'s state. She, together with Maddie, go to Goldie\'s  parents home, demanding 10 grand for rehabilitation purposes for Goldie. When her father refuses, Legs threatens him with his own gun and takes him hostage to the house, where they tie him to a chair and pressure him for the money. Goldie, oblivious to this, is startled to see her dad and calls out to him in surprise. This however, surprises Rita, who accidentally shoots Goldie\'s father in the chest. Chaos ensues, but the girls keep calm and decide to take him to the hospital. Rita drives the others while Maddie and Legs stay back. The scene towards the end of the film centers around Legs and her relationship with Maddie. Legs is done with her current circumstances and surroundings and is shown walking the highway again, looking for a ride. It is this same highway upon where Maddie almost lost her art portfolio. Maddie finds Legs and calls out to her in an attempt to make her stay. Legs is hesitant, but holds to her decision to leave. Upon Maddie\'s disappointment, Legs asks her to come along. After thinking for a while about her future, Maddie decides to stay but assures Legs that she will never forget her. Legs, hopeful that Maddie will choose to come along, is slightly overwhelmed, but understands and reciprocates, by telling Maddie she will always be in her heart. As Legs\' boards the truck that stopped, Maddie watches it disappear down the road and walks over to climb the bridge (in the same way that Legs did, thus conquering her fear of heights. In a voice-over, we hear that Maddie has graduated high school, got accepted into art school, and has traveled half way around the world, stopping at airports and bus stops along the way. She has not seen Legs again, but she meets the others once in a while, and they get together to reminisce about the past.'] ["Gabriel , an office temp by day and aspiring Broadway composer by night, becomes smitten with Mark , a go-go dancer, in a gay bar with whom he makes eye contact. The two meet again in the subway that very night, and go back to Gabriel's place to have sex. They're thwarted in the attempt, however, first by Gabriel's aspiring actress friend Katherine , who is obsessed with her role in an adaptation of Salomé set in a women's prison, and then by Gabriel's roommate Rich , who returns home with his girlfriend Judy , with similar  plans for the apartment. Gabriel and Rich argue over which of them should get to use the apartment that night, and decide to settle the matter with a coin toss. When Gabriel loses the coin toss and he and Mark have to leave, Gabriel seeks out his friend Perry  to request the use of Perry's place. Unfortunately, as Perry escorts Gabriel and Mark there, they run into Perry's ex-boyfriend . Perry and his ex tearfully reconcile and they go back to Perry's, frustrating Gabriel and Mark yet again. The two then decide to hit a gay club for some dancing. There, a malicious drag queen  corners Gabriel in the restroom. She badmouths Mark to Gabriel, telling him of the time they tricked{{spaced ndash}}which sounds very much like how Gabriel and Mark met{{spaced ndash}}and how Mark left abruptly after climaxing, leaving her with a fake phone number to boot. Crushed by this news, Gabriel decides to take off. Mark follows Gabriel back to Gabe and Rich's apartment to talk{{spaced ndash}}and also because he's left his house keys there. They go in to look for the keys and try to talk things out while Judy mediates topless. Mark asserts that while he did indeed trick once with Miss Coco, it was actually the latter who tried to take advantage of him by secretly videotaping their encounter without Mark's consent. Gabriel accepts this story but still doesn't trust Mark, so Mark angrily leaves. Judy then finds Mark's keys, and Gabriel chases after Mark with them down into the New York subway system. Just when it seems that Mark is gone forever, he reappears; he and Gabriel made a connection after all. Having reconciled, they decide to get something to eat but{{spaced ndash}}in yet another turn of events{{spaced ndash}}run into Katherine and some of her theatre friends at a diner, where Katherine proceeds to monopolize the conversation. Gabriel finally blows up at her, and Katherine, humiliated, melts down and leaves in a huff. Gabriel chases after her and apologizes; they smooth things over and Katherine and Company depart. As the new morning dawns, Mark gives Gabriel his phone number, they kiss, and Mark heads home. Gabriel calls the number on a nearby payphone, and is relieved to learn that it's Mark's actual number. While they never found a spot to trick, Mark and Gabriel instead formed a budding relationship beyond the simple one-night-stand they'd first been trying for."] ["Atafeh  is the teenage daughter of a wealthy Iranian family in Tehran. She and her best friend, the orphaned Shireen  attend illicit parties and experiment with sex, drinking, and drugs. Atafeh's brother Mehran  is a recovering drug addict who becomes increasingly religious and obsessed with Shireen, coinciding with the collapse of his once-strong relationship with his sister. The heads of the family are the Hakimi parents, Firouz and Azar, who reminisce on their youth and what has become and what will become of their family."] ['Roommates and pals John Roth ([[Josh Hamilton  and Moe Curley  start an adult internet site named InterconX where Jordan Nash  is one of their stars. John has recently gone through a disastrous break-up with his fiancé, and is now obsessed with a woman named Angel, who lives her life on 24 hour webcam. A handful of people whose lives revolve around internet relationships at an adult web site become entangled in person in this comedy/drama.'] ["Andrea Dowd , a single parent, is struggling to raise her ten-year-old son, Joshua . Andrea's concerned about Joshua's interests. Instead of wanting to be on the school wrestling team, Joshua strives to be on the cheerleading squad. When students are told to come to school dressed as an influential role model, Joshua chooses Maria von Trapp. The film explores Andrea's internal battle of wanting her son to be normal, and embracing his individuality and accepting him how he is.Official Website/StoryFandango"] [" Lilies is set in a Quebec prison in 1952. Jean Bilodeau , the local bishop, is brought to the prison to hear the confession of Simon Doucet , a dying inmate. But Doucet in fact has a very different revelation for Bilodeau: he has enlisted his fellow inmates to stage a play set in 1912, when Bilodeau and Doucet were childhood friends.  Most of the film consists of the play within the film, presented by the inmates for Bilodeau and Doucet. Because it is taking place within a prison, the female roles are portrayed by the male prisoners. The young Bilodeau and Simon are performed by younger inmates . The play dramatizes a period during Bilodeau and Simon's childhood in Roberval, Quebec, when they were both coming to terms with their homosexuality. Simon has a romantic relationship with Vallier , while Bilodeau remains repressed and tries desperately to convince Simon to join the seminary with him. All three are involved in a school play dramatizing the martyrdom of Saint Sebastian, with Simon in the lead role. The St. Sebastian play's homoerotic undertones contribute to Bilodeau's sexual awakening, which involves an unrequited love for Simon. Bilodeau recognizes the nature of the relationship between Simon and Vallier, and confronts them one afternoon after the rehearsal of the St. Sebastian play. Simon and Vallier attack and subdue Bilodeau, so that Simon can engage him in a derisively passionate kiss. In the middle of the kiss, Vallier's mother, the Countess de Tilly  enters the arena, forcing Simon to break off the kiss and flee. Vallier's mother  is unperturbed at what she has seen, and has Vallier escort her to the arrival of a Parisian aristocrat arriving in a hot air balloon. Simon's father is also at the arrival, where Vallier's mother unwittingly reveals to him that she saw his son passionately kissing Bilodeau. In a rage, Mr. Doucet finds Simon and brutally beats him, to the point where he must find medical attention for his wounds. He chooses to see a Parisian doctor staying at the hotel in town , and he meets Lydie-Anne , a young Parisian baroness. Because of the beating, Simon renounces his love for Vallier and appears to fall in love with Lydie-Ann, eventually becoming engaged to her. However, Vallier's mother, encourages Vallier to attend the engagement party and declare his love for Simon. At the party, it becomes apparent that Simon never stopped loving Vallier and was only using Lydie-Ann to pass as heterosexual. Because her feelings are hurt, Lydie-Ann reveals to Vallier's mother that her estranged husband is living happily in Paris with a new wife and child. She also tells her that she came to Roberval on the recommendation of Vallier's father, and while he mentioned structures and the landscape of the town, he never once spoke of the wife or child he left behind there. After the party, Simon and Vallier meet for one last romantic encounter. Afterwards, Vallier's mother says that she will be going to Paris, and invites Simon and Vallier to see her off. Instead, she leads them to a place in the woods, where she lies down in a shallow grave and has Vallier strangle her to death. Bilodeau witnesses the murder, and is spurred to confess his love for Simon. When rejected, he sets fire to the room where Vallier and Simon are staying and locks the door, so that they cannot escape. Because there are no windows and no other way to ventilate the space, the two young men are soon overcome by the smoke and heat. Bilodeau is remorseful and returns in time to drag Simon to safety, but leaves Vallier in the room. Bilodeau falsely tells the policemen who have arrived on the scene that Vallier is already dead, so they do not go back to save him, and he perishes in the flames.  The play reveals that Vallier's murder is the crime for which Simon Doucet was falsely arrested and convicted. Thus, the play was designed not as Doucet's confession of his sins, but a ploy to extract a confession of guilt from Bilodeau. As a result, Bilodeau asks Doucet to kill him, but Doucet refuses."] ['Set amidst Chicago\'s swing music revival of the late 1990s, Oscar Novak , an aspiring architect and his business partner, Peter Steinberg , have just landed a career-making opportunity with a Chicago tycoon Charles Newman  who has chosen them to compete for the design of a multimillion dollar cultural center. In a ploy for publicity, Newman has pitched Oscar and Peter in a neck-and-neck competition with their archrivals and former colleagues, the hugely successful  Decker and Strauss. In a comic twist Oscar is mistaken for a gay man when meeting with Charles Newman . Under the mistaken impression that Oscar is homosexual, and therefore a safe companion for his girlfriend Amy , he asks Oscar to keep an eye on her for him and make sure that she doesn\'t talk to his wife. Oscar falls for Amy virtually on sight, but she thinks he\'s gay. He is forced to maintain the charade to avoid getting into trouble with Newman, and losing the commission. Matters become complicated when a news article about Oscar and Peter\'s homosexual status is published in the Business paper, leaving Oscar in the increasingly frustrating position of having to fend off advances from various gay men while convincing his friends and family that he is simply pretending to be gay; Amy even sets him up on a date with her ex-boyfriend, football player Kevin Cartwright, but Oscar manages to defuse the situation by saying that he\'s in love with someone else. Despite the embarrassing misconceptions, Oscar forms a close bond with Amy as they continue to spend time together-to the extent that Amy moves in with him after she is kicked out of her apartment-Amy sharing various personal stories with Oscar. At the final presentation for the cultural center, Oscar and Peter receive the commission, but Oscar is simultaneously told that he has won the award for Gay Professional Man of the Year, with Newman deciding that he will reveal his decision after the ceremony. After an awkward meeting between Amy and Newman\'s wife at the party, she and Oscar go to a bar, but Amy leaves in frustration after she nearly kisses him, prompting a brief argument between her and Oscar where Oscar states that her relationship with Newman has no future, with the only reason they haven\'t argued after over a year being that Newman doesn\'t care enough to fight with her, while Amy counters that Oscar is hardly in a position to give her advice on romance, having simply been playing it safe by spending time with her as he hasn\'t been on a date since she met him. After spending the day alone, Oscar attends the award ceremony for Gay Professional Man of the Year. Although he initially continues his charade, while looking out at the people before him, he instead makes a passionate speech about how he admires all the men and women here who were able to tell the truth to their families about how they feel, ending the speech by "coming out of the closet" as he admits that he\'s straight and in love with Amy; even if he simultaneously destroys any hope of being with her by doing so, he felt that everyone in the room deserves the same kind of honesty that they have given their own families. As he is applauded for having the courage to admit the truth, he runs after Amy, only for her to punch him and Newman before walking out of the theatre in a rage, leaving Peter to accept a date with Kevin. However, as Oscar sits in a restaurant where he and Amy ate together on the night they met, Amy comes to see him, admitting that she loves him too, followed by their first kiss. In a post-credit sequence, Newman\'s wife convinces him to go with Oscar and Peter\'s design despite his own claims to go with the other firm, revealing that she knew about him and Amy and informing him bluntly that Oscar and Peter did the better job.'] ["16-year-old Sebastian  has nice parents and a great circle of friends, is doing well in school, has good looks, and leads a happy life -- or at least that is what everyone thinks. Secretly, he has been brooding for some time over the fact that he is in love with his best friend, the rather hunky Ulf . One evening, after some playful frolicking around with Ulf, Sebastian plants a kiss on Ulf's lips, not exactly to the latter's delight. Being sexually rejected in this way throws Sebastian into an even deeper depression about his sexuality. He refuses to discuss these issues with his parents and only after a long talk with a female friend of his, who is also in love with Ulf and guesses correctly what Sebastian's problem could be, he opens up to his family and friends, only to find that it is not all that problematic to them. Even the coming out to Ulf, which he anticipated to be very painful, turns out to be not so bad and actually takes a comical turn when Ulf admits to having had a homosexual experience himself some time ago. In the end, basically nothing has changed, except that Sebastian no longer has to waste energy guarding his secret and can instead concentrate on being happy, having fun with his friends, and perhaps finding a real boyfriend someday."] ['An elderly woman, Fern ([[Jeanette Miller , wakes up her girlfriend Irma . As they get ready to go to a bridge game, a young girl  skateboards down a desert road. Irma makes a lime Jell-O dessert, which Fern is rude about. As Irma drives down the road on their way to the game, Fern berates her for driving too fast. They start arguing and their truck hits the young girl on the skateboard. Fern gets out of the truck, announces that the girl is dead, and starts shouting at Irma, insisting that she get out and have a look. Irma locks the truck doors. Fern continues shouting and starts smashing the truck headlights, while Irma refuses to speak or open the doors. Fern threatens to end their 45-year relationship, and when she receives no answer, she takes her ring from her ring finger, throws it at the truck, and walks off down the road. After some time, Irma opens the truck windows and smiles to herself.'] ['Howl explores the life and works of 20th century American poet, Allen Ginsberg. Constructed in a nonlinear fashion, the film juxtaposes historical events with a variety of cinematic techniques. It reconstructs the early life of Ginsberg during the 1940s and 1950s . It also re-enacts Ginsberg\'s debut performance of "Howl" at the Six Gallery Reading on October 7, 1955 in black-and-white. ‘Howl’ filmmakers talk youth culture, James Franco The reading was the first important public manifestation of the Beat Generation and helped to herald the West Coast literary revolution that became known as the San Francisco Renaissance.The readings by the other four Six Gallery poets are not recreated in the film. In addition, parts of the poem are interpreted through animated sequences. Finally, these events are juxtaposed with color images of the 1957 obscenity trial of San Francisco poet and City Lights Bookstore co-founder, Lawrence Ferlinghetti who was the first person to publish "Howl" in Howl and Other Poems.'] ['Walter Kranz , a former revolutionary poet is lost for new ideas and penniless. Fortunately he can obtain a cheque from nymphomaniac Irmgart von Witzleben  who wants to be threatened by a gun. Walter fires and disappears. Some more obscure things happen but in the end everybody is back on stage.'] ['Ace, a wannabe rock star, is on his way to a concert of the band Guitar Wolf when space aliens invade the Earth. As a result the dead rise to their feet in the countryside setting of Asahi, Japan, with an appetite for flesh. Enlisting the help of his rock \'n roll blood brother Guitar Wolf, Ace and the members of the band get entangled in many misadventures with crazy rock managers in very tight shorts, transsexuals, naked women shooting guns in the shower, and bloodthirsty zombies ready to tear them apart. Leather jackets, loud over-modulated music, laser guitar picks, motorcycles, guns, muscle cars, and fire abound. Guitar Wolf, a Japanese trio signed to Matador Records in the US—and self-proclaimed coolest rock band in the world—star as the well-coiffed heroes. It is also a love story, between Ace and Tobio, a trans woman. The music, in a garage punk vein, plays an important role in the film. It features music from Greg Cartwright of Reigning Sound and The Oblivians. His 1997 song "Twice as Deep" by Greg Oblivian & the Tip Tops is featured. This film is similar to another movie by a Spanish punk group, La matanza caníbal de los garrulos lisérgicos produced by Siniestro Total'] ['The opening shot is a panorama of Los Angeles, revealing a city where all of the buildings and inhabitants are some form of commercial branding: birds in the form of Bentley logos, Microsoft\'s butterfly, pedestrians in the shape of the AIM icon, overhead highway signs mounted on Atlantic Records logos, etc. The major characters are revealed in an Altman-esque tableau. The Pringles mascot  pulls into a restaurant\'s parking lot and propositions an Esso Girl waitress  who is on a smoking break. Two Michelin Man cops in a parked cruiser (voiced by [[Bob Stephenson  are introduced as they debate the morality of keeping animals in zoos. Across town, Bob\'s Big Boy  and Haribo  are on a tour at the zoo led by a flamboyantly gay Mr. Clean . As the cops order lunch, a call comes in over the radio about a criminal on the loose in a red delivery truck. Both cops spy Ronald McDonald  in the truck and give chase. The pursuit quickly veers out of control, as innocent bystanders are imperiled. The kids at the zoo have finished their visit and are back on the school bus. Their bus gets caught up in the chase when Ronald McDonald\'s truck tips over right in front of the Pizza Hut where Esso Girl is waiting on the Original Pringles mascot and the Pringles Hot & Spicy mascot as they have lunch together. Several guns and biological weapons spill out of the back of Ronald McDonald\'s truck, tempting Big Boy and Haribo to steal them for sale on the black market. Ronald McDonald takes Big Boy hostage and runs inside the Pizza Hut. Once inside, Big Boy bites Ronald McDonald and runs for cover behind the counter with Esso Girl. Enraged, Ronald McDonald opens fire, giving the police the excuse to start firing on him, and he kills one of the police officers. As the gun battle explodes in to the streets, a low rumbling can be heard across the entire city. A giant earthquake splits the streets of the city open, meanwhile Big Boy and Esso Girl escape out the back and steal a cop car. While running from the police on a stolen motorcycle, Ronald McDonald falls into one of the crevasses . As he tries to pull himself out, he is run over by Esso Girl & Big Boy\'s car. The duo barely escape the city. As they near the Hollywood sign, it falls apart, sending the giant letters crashing on to the highway in front of them. While evading one of them, they veer off the highway  and down a hill. Their car crashes into a tree American Century Investments, and oil erupts in the rifts around town, flooding Los Angeles with crude oil. The hill Esso Girl and Big Boy are on, splits in two, revealing a giant North Face logo. Eventually, the land crumbles around them, swallowed by the sea, leaving them on a tiny island together  as the film closes by zooming out to reveal that the entire Universe is made up of even more logos. After the credits, a bald, toothless Ronald McDonald, menacingly laughs and says "I\'m lovin\' it".'] ['The story begins with Nicolas at ten years old and dreading the school ski trip. Nicolas was worried that he wouldn\'t fit in with the other boys. His overprotective father decides to take Nicolas by himself instead of going with the group. En route, Nicolas and his father pass the aftermath of an apparently fatal car accident. Seeing police ahead while the traffic had stopped, Nicolas\' father becomes nervous and conceals all loose items within the car in the trunk – and we see that Nicolas\' travel bag is next to several matching briefcases. Nicolas subsequently forgets his bag in his father\'s car, increasing his awkwardness. He is befriended by Hodkann, another pupil. One of Nicolas main fears is wetting his bed, and the situation gets worse when he gets a bed just above Hodkann. At night Nicolas tries to stay awake but falls asleep, waking up from a wet dream but believing he has wet his pants. He leaves his bed to clean his clothes and while returning he discovers it snowing outside. Nicolas goes outside into the freezing cold and ends up locked out, and in desperation curls up inside the car of his ski instructor, Patrick. Before he drifts off to sleep he sees a van driving away. He is found in the morning by Patrick and is taken in to a study with a fever. Later that day he goes to a café while the other boys are skiing. While in the café, police come looking for René, a young boy who is missing. That night while sleeping he has a nightmare. He dreams that he is at a theme park with Hodkann and Patrick and that he goes on a giant caterpillar while his little brother is looked after by another seemingly friendly man. Once he is on the caterpillar he sees his brother being walked to a white van by the stranger. Later he is found outside the park after having one of his organs taken. The dream is poignant because Nicolas, months before, had not been allowed to go on a similar ride because it would have meant leaving one of the brothers with a stranger. After declining the strangers offer to watch the brother, Nicolas\' father explained what sometimes happens to children in public places when their parents lose sight of them. At the end of the story Nicolas finds that his father was not in an accident as he had day dreamed, but rather that his father was a "monster" and possibly abused children. . The movie ends with Nicolas being driven to his mothers home by Patrick, with the fate of his father and the friendship between Nicolas and Hodkann left to the viewers imagination.'] ["Teams from all across Germany descend on a quiet camping ground for a week of training leading up to a final rowing competition. The plot follows the members of the RSC rowing club from southern Germany as they train for the regatta. The boys are excited by the prospects of camping with a female rowing team from Berlin. However, by a stroke of fate, the Berlin girls' team cancels and is replaced by Queerschlag , a gay youth rowing team, and these boys are out proud and camp it up to their full potential. Amidst the sometimes tense interactions between the members of his team and those of Queerschlag, Tobi  is himself forced to confront his long-time feelings for his friend and team-mate Achim , who is already romantically involved with his girlfriend Sandra . Spurned by Achim, Tobi is devastated, but is partly consoled by his new friendship with Queerschlag member Leo . The tension between the members of the two teams culminates in a scene set to the backdrop of a summer storm, during which Leo confronts Tobi about his homosexuality in front of his fellow team-mates. Tobi denies being gay, and, in an attempt to defend him, one of his team-mates tells Tobi's girlfriend Anke  to tell the rest of his team-mates so. Anke, the only person to whom Tobi has confided his secret, remains silent. Ultimately, Tobi comes out to his fellow team-mates and his rowing team, who seem to accept Tobi no matter what, and they go on to compete with Queerschlag in the final regatta."] ["The story revolves around two Parisian girls, Nathalie , a stripper at a bar, and Sandrine , a bartender, who conspire to climb the social ladder of Paris when they start living together. Both girls get fired from their jobs after the club owner offers Sandrine a choice, to have sex with a paying client or be sacked. Nathalie after finishing her shift defends and dissuades Sandrine from accepting the offer and both girls are fired. Sandrine after falling behind on her rent is sure that the landlord will kick her out especially since she is unemployed but Nathalie offers to share her apartment with Sandrine for a while. The girls decide to climb the corporate ladder by exploiting their sex appeal and manage to get jobs as secretaries in a banking corporation with Nathalie being sent to HQ and Sandrine being sent to Human Resource Department. Their aim, to seduce their bosses and get promoted, which Sandrine accomplishes over the second in command Monsieur Delacroix after becoming his secretary. Much ambiguity surrounds Nathalie at this point in the film. Meet Christophe, the CEO's son and future heir to the banking corporation. He is very handsome and the final target for both girls to seduce but his reputation is devastating. Having gone through many women, Christophe is ruthless and seemingly emotionless yet having the capability to seduce any woman and make her fall madly in love with him. This resulted in previous romances ending with their suicide. Yet Sandrine still is determined to conquer him even after receiving a warning from Nathalie. Over time Sandrine, through absenteeism and reduced attention towards Delacroix, convinces him to have Nathalie transferred to his office as an assistant secretary to Sandrine since she feels overworked. The result, a threesome that evening in the office which Christophe and his sister interrupt. After being covertly disciplined, Delacroix will retain his job title and continue to work for the company but officially, on paper  he has been fired. After the situation, Christophe takes Nathalie and Sandrine to a private restaurant where it is revealed that Nathalie has been Christophe's secret lover all the time both girls had been working at the bank. After flaunting his wealth, Christophe reveals his plan, to marry Sandrine with a formal wedding to convince his dying father that he is a reformed man and thus will gain complete control over the corporation. Sandrine will divorce after with a healthy settlement. Nathalie enraged by the situation does not resist in hope that Christophe loves her, even obeying his command for her and Sandrine to go to the toilets and start making love before awaiting Christophe turning it into a threesome. Later on Sandrine is invited to Christophe's chateau for an evening of dinner with him and his sister and an incestual threesome. The evening is interrupted by Nathalie, who still believes blindly that Christophe loves her deep down. After being rejected and having a stone thrown at her head by Christophe, Nathalie succumbs to madness. The wedding is carried out at a later date and during the wedding night Sandrine and Christophe walk together through his château as a general orgy ensues. She is then carried off by guards upon hearing the news that Christophe's father has died and left him the entire corporation. She is carried off to the cellars to be gang raped by a bunch of guests whilst Christophe and his sister engage in sexual intercourse. Later on in the evening when the events have settled down, Sandrine is thrown out in front of the main door and told by Christophe that the divorce may take several weeks. Nathalie appears with a jerry can full of petrol which she pours over herself and holds a lighter in the air. Christophe dismisses her only to be shot several times by Nathalie in her rage. She is jailed and Sandrine becomes the heir to the corporation. Years later when Sandrine is entering her limousine on the streets of Paris she recognises Nathalie, who has since married her jail guard and had a child. Nathalie and Sandrine walk over to each other and kiss each other on the cheek."] ["Su-min is an orphan who, having turned 18, is required to leave his orphanage. Unable to pay for university, he heads for Seoul where he works various jobs to pay for computer classes. One of those jobs is driving drunks home from bars. After losing his factory job, Su-min ends up taking a job at a host bar. Initially the boss of this host bar is reluctant to take him on, as he knows from experience that openly gay hosts will often leave when they become romantically involved with one of their clients. Having given up on love, Su-min believes that this won't happen to him, until one day a man from his past enters the host bar. That man, Jae-min, is a former driving client, who has fallen in love with Su-min. Su-min refuses his advances, and accepts him as a client only once, and threatens to kill him if he hires him again. Jae-min is undeterred, and after several weeks go by, Su-min gives in. They are very happy in their relationship until Jae-min's mother discovers them together. She orders Jae-min to marry the woman he's been dating halfheartedly. Su-min is angry. With another man from the host bar, they kidnap Jae-min one night and take him to a shallow grave in the forest. Su-min watches passively as his colleague throws dirt on Jae-min, but eventually moves to stop the plan. His colleague already depressed over a two-timing girlfriend, whacks Su-min with the shovel and leaves the two there in the grave. Jae-min later awakens and takes Su-min to the car and they crash a tree while going back. As dawn breaks in, the two of them start to awake at the same time cops show up at the scene but inside, without paying attention to the cops, Su-min and Jae-min silently reconcile."] ['Murder, homosexuality, nymphomania, and sadism are among the themes of this black comedy focusing on a brother and sister who become involved with a young, sexy, amoral drifter with a mysterious past. Kath is a lonely middle-aged woman living in the London suburbs with her ageing father Kemp, referred to as Da Da or the Da Da. When she meets the attractive Sloane sunbathing on a tombstone in the cemetery near her home, she invites him to become a lodger. Soon after he accepts her offer, Kath seduces him. Her closeted brother Ed makes him the chauffeur  of his pink 1959 Pontiac Parisienne convertible. Kemp, recognizing Sloane as the man who killed his boss years before, stabs him in the leg with a gardening tool. Sloane takes delight in playing brother against sister and tormenting the elderly man. He gets Kath pregnant and a jealous Ed warns him to stay away from her. When Sloane murders Kemp to protect his secret, they blackmail him by threatening to report him to the police unless he agrees to participate in a ménage à trois in which he becomes not only a sexual partner but their prisoner as well.'] ['Madrid, Roberto Orbea  is a member of the Spanish communist party. He is married to Carmen , and he has been elected as Deputy in the first democratic elections in Spain. But his enemies, the fascist, know his double life. Roberto likes boys, and they hire Juanito  to seduce the politician. They fall in love...'] ["Sexilia  is a pop star and sex addict; Riza is the gay son of the Emperor of Tiran . Both are strolling around Madrid’s flea market, aiming to pick up lovers. Sexilia takes five men for an orgy, where she is the only woman. In the hope of curing her nymphomania and her fear of the sun, she is undergoing psychotherapy. However, her psychoanalyst, Susana, is far more interested in sleeping with Sexila’s father, Doctor de la Peña, a gynecologist specializing in artificial insemination. As the doctor is frigid, Susana does not have a chance with him. One of Doctor de la Peña patient's is Princess Toraya, the ex-wife of the former Emperor of Tiran. Flicking through a magazine, Toraya discovers that her stepson Riza Nero is also in town. Thanks to treatment by Sexilia’s father, Toraya is now fertile for the first time in her life. Since the emperor’s sperm is currently unavailable to her, she will settle for that of his son, Riza, whom, she attempts to track down. In Madrid, Riza is living incognito, constantly wearing a wig and dark glasses. He gets involved first with Fabio, a young junkie transvestite. Later he meets Sadec on the street and the two go to Sadec’s place for a tryst. Ironically, Sadec is a member of a group of terrorists looking for Riza, but fails to recognize him in disguise. When Riza realizes that Sadec is also from Tiran, he decides to change his hair and clothes in order to protect his anonymity. With Fabio’s help, Riza transforms his appearance to a punk. Sexilia and Riza, who knew each other when they were children, meet again, when Riza, disguised as “Johnny”, is performing as the lead singer with a punk band in the absence of one of their regulars. That night, they fall in love but do not sleep together. The two opt for a chaste relationship since each wants this relationship to be “different.” Making time in her busy schedule for her laundry, Sexilia meets Queti, a young woman who works in a dry-cleaner owned by her father. Her mother skipped out on her father a few weeks earlier and the father, who takes Vitapens to stimulate his sex drive and potency, pretends to mistake Queti for her mother and binds her to the bed and rapes her on alternate days, despite the fact that Queti regularly laces his tea with a libido-suppressing chemical called Benzamuro. In search of consolation, Queti dresses up in the clothes of her role model Sexilia. One day Sexilia spots Queti in the street wearing one of her outfits and confronts her. They become friends. Queti tells Sexilia about the problem with her father and Sexilia tells her that she cannot stop thinking about Riza. Sexilia and Riza mutual adoration has “cured” Riza’s compulsive homosexuality and Sexilia’s nymphomania. Queti and Sexilia hatch a plan: they agree to swap identities so that Queti can escape her father’s sexual abuse and take on the role of Sexilia for real. This would allow Sexilia to escape with her lover Riza. However, Toraya finally catches up with Riza and seduces him. When Sexilia goes to Riza’s hotel, she finds Toraya and Riza together. Riza tries to convince her that sex with Toraya was only practice for the real thing with her, but Sexilia is distraught. The knowledge of Riza’s infidelity drives Sexilia to her psychoanalyst. Under therapy, Sexilia discovers that Toraya was responsible for both her childhood traumas and her nymphomania in the same incident that made Riza gay. Rejected by her father, she had had sex with a group of boys on the beach, while Riza looked on. Sexilia meets up with Queti, who after plastic surgery has taken her place. Queti persuades Sexilia to give Riza another chance. Sadec, who has a highly developed sense of smell and has fallen head over heels in love with Riza, is looking for him everywhere. Sadec’s roommates, Islamic extremists, plan to kidnap Riza. Queti warns Sexilia and Riza of the danger and, when Toraya and the Islamic extremists arrive at the airport, Riza and Sexilia are already on the plane bound for Contadora, a tropical island. Back in Madrid, Queti, now Sexilia’s look-alike, sleeps with the latter’s father, whom she has always fancied, while he believing her to be Sexilia, achieves his aim of truly loving his daughter. At the airport Sadec and his companions, having lost Riza, kidnap Toraya. On the airplane Riza and Sexilia make love for the first time."] ['The film is set in Singapore\'s Chinatown. It is narrated by Jen Fan, owner of a successful restaurant. Her signature dish is "Chicken Rice"-in fact she is rather well known for it. Jen has three sons. Daniel and Harry are gay, and Jen is determined the youngest, Leo, does not go the same way. She enlists the help of her friend Kim-Chui, who owns a nearby restaurant. He is less successful than Jen, but is in love with her. Leo has become her life, she is pinning all her hopes of grandchildren on him. She and Kim-Chui hatch a plan that involves bringing Sabine, a female French exchange student, to stay at Jen\'s house. When Sabine arrives, Leo predictably shows little interest in her. It is painfully clear to all except Jen that Leo is in love with his best friend "Batman". Sabine is very laid- back and mystical in her outlook, and the family warm to her. It is she who ultimately helps Jen come to terms with her life. When "Batman" suddenly announces that he is leaving Singapore, Jen finally realises the truth from Leo\'s grief-stricken face, and strikes him in fury. As he leaves the house, she falls down the stairs chasing him, injuring her ankle. Some time later Jen, persuaded by Sabine, attends Harry\'s birthday party. There she meets many of Harry\'s gay friends, and she finds them delightful and fun. Another obstacle she must overcome is news of Daniel\'s impending gay marriage, she is horrified and cannot accept it. The film ends with Jen finally realising how wonderful her sons are, despite being gay. She may also consider a future with the ever-loyal Kim-Chui but this is left open.'] ['The Pakistani punkers The Kominas have arrived at the last stop of their first USA tour and are celebrating with tourmates. Also appearing are the author Michael Muhammad Knight , Koroush , Sena  and Marwan . They incite a riot of young hijabi girls at the largest Muslim gathering in North America after Sena takes the stage. The film then travels with The Kominas accompanied by Michael Muhammad Knight, their guru, to Pakistan, where they bring punk to the streets of Lahore and elsewhere in Pakistan. Michael also begins to reconcile his fundamentalist past with the rebel he has now become.'] ['Romain, a gay 31-year-old fashion photographer, finds out he is terminally ill and has only three months to live. He rejects the treatment for his metastasized tumor that might offer him a slim  chance of survival. Romain exhibits both a selfish and a recklessness behavior. He realizes that his good looks give him a certain amount of leeway and he tests the forbearance of the people who care for him. He chases away his lover Sasha and delights in antagonizing his sister. The only person in whom he confides about his illness is his grandmother Laura.'] ['Young, beautiful and intelligent, Trevor Holden  is in a stalemate. Entangled in an unhealthy relationship with Darrell , a self-destructive heroin addict, and trapped at a low-paying job, Trevor finds scant comfort in Los Angeles\' vapid party scene, where conversation rarely rises above inquiries like "So, are you an actor?" Worse still, he and his two best friends - roommate Andie  and singer Jake  - are being pulled apart by boredom and discontent. At the hospital for his boyfriend\'s latest overdose, Trevor finds a potential new beginning in Ephram , a medical intern with ambition, a warm demeanor and strikingly good looks. After they spend a romantic evening together, Trevor seems poised to make some changes. He begins by ending his relationship with Darrell and then strives to reconnect with Andie and Jake. But what should be a joyous event - a party celebrating a negative HIV test - results in Andie secretly discovering she is HIV positive because of a drunken hookup. Later on, Trevor gets into a fight with Darrell at the party, which is overheard by the guests and causes a rift between Trevor and Ephram. Trevor is devastated by the tragic death of Darrell after an overdose. Ephram informs Trevor of Darrell\'s death and seeks to comfort him in the aftermath. After being offered a job in New York City, Ephram confesses his love for Trevor and suggests he abandon his life in Los Angeles and come live with him. Andie, reeling from her frightening revelation, seeks comfort in Trevor and pleads with him to not leave. Trevor is torn between pursuing the love of his life or staying to assist a dear friend in need. Trevor remains committed to bettering his life, but realizes that some people are too precious to abandon.'] ["Entre Nous tells the story of two young married women in the 1950s who don't recognise how unfulfilled they have been in their marriages until they meet each other. In the preliminary scenes, set in 1942, Lena , a pretty 18 year old, has been arrested and brought to an internment camp for Jews in the Pyrenees. The camp is guarded by members of the French Foreign Legion, and one of them, Michel , writes her a note warning her she may be deported to a German Nazi camp, and offers her marriage as a means of escape. She accepts. During the marriage ceremony she discovers that he too is Jewish; she's dismayed to learn that she won't have the protection of a gentile name. But she has no choice and they hasten to the Italian border. By 1952, the hardworking Michel has got himself his own garage in Lyon, and they have two small daughters. Lena meets Madeleine , at a school pageant. Madeleine, who comes from a moderately wealthy family, was an art student in 1942, and had married a fellow student who was killed in a street skirmish between the students and the collaborationist police. A widow at 19, Madeleine drifted into marriage with an actor/black marketeer, Costa , and now has a son at the school. The two women become inseparable. They develop an intimacy that is based partly on their boredom with their domestic situations. Michel and Lena's marriage is fractious, although there are moments of happiness with their two young daughters, and the film is primarily about Lena leaving her husband. At the end of the film, she and Madeleine , are about to open a dress shop in Paris.Pauline Kael State of the Art ISBN 0-7145-2869-2. This synopsis derives from p.133-135"] ['Steven Jay Russell  is on his deathbed, recalling the events of his life. He spent his early adult years in Virginia Beach as a police officer. He plays the organ at church, has unenthusiastic sex with his wife, Debbie , and spends his off hours searching for his biological mother, who gave him up as a child. Steven locates his biological mother, but she rejects him without explanation. After a car crash, Steven leaves his family and previous life behind , and explores the world as his true self – a gay man. He moves to Miami, finds a boyfriend , and lives a luxurious lifestyle. To keep himself and his boyfriend in the style to which they have become accustomed, Steven becomes a con man. Steven is caught and sent to prison, where he falls in love with inmate Phillip Morris . Steven cannot bear to be separated from Phillip. After being released, he helps get Phillip freed from prison by posing as a lawyer, then attains wealth by fraudulently acquiring a position as chief financial officer of a large company. Steven eventually gets caught embezzling from the company, and goes back to prison. Phillip is also sent to jail as an accomplice, and angrily tells Steven he never wants to see him again. Months later, Phillip learns from another inmate that Steven is dying of AIDS. Heartbroken, Phillip calls Steven while he is in the infirmary and confesses that while he is still upset with Steven for lying to him, he still loves him. Phillip is later told that Steven has died. Sometime later, Phillip is taken to meet with his lawyer and finds Steven waiting for him. Steven describes how he faked having AIDS and dying in order to see Phillip again, and promises to never lie to him again. He runs one last con to break Phillip out of jail, only to be caught when he runs into an old coworker. The end of the movie explains that the real-life Phillip Morris was released from jail in 2006, but Steven is still imprisoned, on 23-hour lockup, only having one free hour a day to shower and exercise. The last scene shows Steven laughing joyfully while running across the prison yard, guards in pursuit, in another attempt to be with Phillip.'] ["The film begins as Marcia , a frumpy and overweight salesgirl who seems to lead a banal and dreary existence, goes to work one day. As she walks she catches the eye of a feisty butch punk woman named Mao  who tells Marcia she wants to seduce her. Marcia tells Mao that she's not a lesbian, but Mao is relentless. With the help of her friend Lenin , Mao manages to talk Marcia into getting into a cab that the two lesbian women then immediately car-jack. They take Marcia to the coast to see the ocean—which she has never seen before—before ending up at Lenin's Aunt Blanca's  house. Lenin has not seen Aunt Blanca for nine years, and they discover Blanca rents out rooms to two lodgers. Blanca proves fascinating to Lenin and the two begin redeveloping a connection. Lenin confesses that she has not spoken to her mother in three years. When they are alone Mao makes love to Marcia, then leaves her alone. We learn that Marcia is quite lonely since her boyfriend recently dumped her. She feels abandoned by everyone. Marcia, Mao, Lenin, and Blanca all affect each other in unexpected ways, and as a consequence, develop new relationships that each of the women had lacked in their lives."] ['The flop musical "Funny Boy"  opens – and closes . Afterward, Leo Bloom  arrives at the office of the show\'s washed up producer, Max Bialystock . Max has hired Leo Bloom as his accountant. While studying Max\'s books, Leo inadvertently inspires Max to gain more money with a flop than a hit by putting on a show that is certain to fail at the box office after collecting an excessive amount of money from their backers and cleverly changing their accounts, leaving them with $2,000,000 to spend. At first, Leo refuses to participate. Max, who cannot change the books himself, attempts to coax Leo into the scheme , but Leo still refuses and returns to his old accounting firm, Whitehall & Marks. After being chastised by Mr. Marks , Leo fantasizes about being a Broadway producer . Realizing that he wants to get into the world and take this risk, Leo quits his job and, with Max, forms Bialystock & Bloom. Max and Leo search for "the worst play ever written" and discover Springtime for Hitler, written by an ex-Nazi named Franz Liebkind . They are coerced into performing Adolf Hitler\'s favorite tune and swearing the sacred "Siegfried Oath" in order to gain Liebkind\'s signature for Broadway rights to the musical . They solicit a flamboyant gay director, Roger De Bris   and his faithful theatrical companion, Carmen Ghia , to direct and choreograph the play. Roger initially refuses saying that the musical is far too dark and gritty and that Broadway needs to be more "gay" . He is talked into it, however, after being enticed by Max and Leo, who tell him that if he directs the play, he is certain to win a Tony. Then, Ulla , a beautiful Swedish woman, appears at their office for casting despite there being no auditions. Max insists on hiring her as their secretary and auditioning her . To gain the finances for the musical Max has dalliances with every old lady across town . Max and Leo return to the office to discover that Ulla has redecorated it to be entirely white. After Max leaves, Leo laments about Ulla and the dangers of sex straying him from his work, but the attraction between them nevertheless culminates in a kiss between Leo and Ulla . Later, at the auditions for the role of Hitler, Franz becomes angered at a performer\'s rendition of Hitler\'s favorite German song. Franz storms the stage and sings the song the correct way . Max hires Franz to play Hitler. On opening night, as the cast and crew prepare to go on stage, Leo wishes everyone "good luck", to which the players are horrified. They explain to Leo that it is in fact "bad luck" to say "good luck" on opening night and that the correct phrase is to say "break a leg" . Franz leaves to prepare and, in his rush, literally breaks his leg. Max enlists Roger to perform the role in his place, and Roger accepts. As the show opens, the audience is horrified and begins to walk out until Roger steps on stage as Hitler. Because his performance is so flamboyant, the audience misinterprets the play as an anti-Nazi parody and a mockery of Hitler rather than Franz\'s original vision . As a result, the show is a success and the IRS will be keeping tabs on Max and Leo. After the show, an angry Franz starts trying to shoot the producers for, despite his show being a hit, making a fool out of Hitler. However, the police arrest him after hearing the shots, but not before he breaks his other leg while trying to escape. Max, too, gets arrested for his tax fraud. Leo hides away from the police, and Ulla finds him hanging on a coat hanging rod; then, they escape to Rio de Janeiro , but they return to stand up for Max in court when Leo realizes that Max is the one person who has ever shown him any degree of respect . The judge sentences them both to five years at Sing Sing, but they and Franz are pardoned by the Governor after writing a musical in prison ("[[Prisoners of Love . At the end, they go on to become successful Broadway producers.'] ['The film follows a group of intergalactic homosexual black men from the planet Anus, who discover the presence of female creatures on planet Earth. Using rayguns, they proceed to eliminate females one by one from Earth, eliciting gratitude from the previously oppressed male population. Before leaving the planet, they leave behind a "Gay Ambassador" to educate the Earthlings about their new way of life.'] ["One never forgets his first love as we are reminded by the film opening sentence 'Love is so short and forgetting is so long' quotation from a poem by Pablo Neruda and as the poster of the movie reminds us: Only art can turn pain into beauty. Shy and closeted and nerdy young artist Danny  is befriended by golden boy swimming champion Carter  when family circumstances bring them together for a night. Danny helps the troubled Carter in school, while the brash and sexy yet troubled Carter works hard to hide his drug problems, history of seizures and the painful relationship he has with his unsympathetic, recovering alcoholic father. Their blossoming relationship brings Danny out of his shell, awakening both his passion for art and burgeoning gay sexuality. Watercolors is framed by scenes of Danny as an adult. He's a successful artist, but his boyfriend is bothered that he can't seem to get over his high school crush. He argues that a live person can't compete with a glorified memory, showing that the lasting memory of a first love is potentially toxic."] ['The small Maritime island town of Wilby is preparing for its annual fair as a scandal threatens to rock its very foundation: the local newspaper is about to publish details and names of men caught during a police raid at Wilby Watch, the one remaining undeveloped area on the island.{{Citation needed}} The scandal will force the characters to reevaluate their lives and come to terms with their own secrets and lies.{{Citation needed}}'] ['The film opens with Mr. McFarland  driving erratically down a residential street on the way to drop off his son, John ([[John Robinson . John notices damage to the car and realizes that his father is drunk, so John instructs him to move to the passenger seat and let him drive. The camera then follows students as they walk down the hallways, talk to friends, and go to class. Many characters are shown in long tracking shots that do not turn away. Alex  and Eric  are shown being bullied at school by the so-called jocks, one of whom diverts a teacher and then throws a spitball at Alex during science class. Later, Alex and Eric are shown at home ordering weapons from a website and receiving a rifle in the mail. While Alex is taking a shower, Eric gets in with him. He claims that he has never kissed anyone before, and the two kiss. The two are later shown formulating an attack plan. The next day, Alex and Eric prepare for the shooting, then make their way to school in silence in Alex\'s car. After arriving at school, Alex and Eric encounter John outside and tell him to leave, as some "heavy shit\'s about to go down". Realizing what is about to happen, John attempts to warn others not to enter the school, to little effect. The two gunmen then enter the school, and after their plans to blow up parts of the school with propane bombs fail, begin shooting indiscriminately. Elias  photographs them entering the library where they open fire, shooting several students, including Michelle and presumably Elias. Realizing that the gunfire is real, students now begin to panic, while teachers attempt to quickly evacuate everyone. The two boys separate, continuing their killing spree. Alex enters the bathroom where Brittany, Jordan and Nicole are, presumably shooting all three. Mr. Luce, cornered by Eric in a hallway, begs Eric to lower his weapon and talk to him, but Eric yells, "I ain\'t putting shit down!" and fires at him. He does speak to Mr. Luce, however; while he is doing so, he turns around suddenly to see Benny approaching him. Eric shoots and presumably kills Benny. Eric turns back to Luce and warns him not to bully kids like Alex and himself. He then agrees to let the man go, only to gun him down seconds later. Alex enters the cafeteria and sits down . Eric meets up with him, and they have a brief conversation, which ends when Alex shoots Eric in mid-sentence. Alex then leaves the cafeteria, showing no emotion over shooting Eric, and discovers Carrie and Nathan in a freezer. He tauntingly recites "Eeny, meeny, miny, moe" to them to decide whom he should kill first. The film ends without resolution; the last shot is similar to the first, a cloudy blue sky.'] ["Noah Nichols  and his ARC: Alex Kirby , Ricky Davis , and Chance Counter , retreat to Martha's Vineyard for Noah's intimate marriage to Wade Robinson . While Alex's hubby, Trey , video chats from home to babysit their newly adopted Ethiopian child, Chance brings his husband, Eddie , and Ricky is accompanied by the 19-year old Brandon  for some lighthearted fling-dating. But as the four couples hole up and attend separate bachelor parties, each relationship begins to unravel. Alex's pill-popping throughout the weekend, compiled with surprise drop-ins from Noah's boss, Brandy  and rapper Baby Gat , don't help Noah and Wade work through last-minute jitters."] ['The film opens with John  regaining consciousness in a restroom stall at "The Red Party." He stares at himself in the mirror and flashes back to when he was a small-town cop from Illinois who moved to Los Angeles, hoping to find a more welcoming environment. He temporarily moves in with his cousin Tad , who is living with his suddenly ex-boyfriend Gill  and Tad\'s new boyfriend Julian . Tad is a filmmaker, shooting a documentary on circuit parties and Julian DJs at the parties. Gill takes John to a party in the Hollywood hills, where he meets Hector , a hustler who is battling mounting insecurities over his looks and age. John and Hector forge a friendship and Hector introduces John to the world of circuit parties and illicit drugs. One of Tad\'s subjects is Bobby , an exotic dancer and model who performs at circuit parties . Bobby is HIV-positive but asymptomatic. Tad records Bobby\'s performance at a club. Also performing at the club, as a comedian, is Nina , who coincidentally is a friend of John\'s. She is living out of her car so John invites her and her cat to stay with him in his new trailer. Tad shows his footage of Bobby to Gino , who is an investor, to secure the funding to finish the film. Gino is involved in a number of business ventures, including running circuit parties with his wife Louise ([[Nancy Allen , distributing drugs and buying viatical settlements, including Bobby\'s. Gino offers Tad half the money he needs. After viewing the footage Gino angrily confronts Bobby, who remarks that Gino gambled by buying his insurance policy and lost. John follows Hector deeper into circuit scene, using a variety of drugs including Special K, GHB, cocaine, crystal meth and, suffering from body dysmorphia despite being in terrific physical shape, anabolic steroids. Gill has grown tired of Tad and Julian living with him and gives them a deadline for moving out. Initially he agrees to let them stay until after the White Party so Julian can earn rent money and Tad can finish his film but then decides he wants them out sooner. Desperate, Tad returns to Gino for more financing. Gino refuses. Louise, growing more disgusted with Gino, later secretly gives Tad the money. Gino becomes obsessed with Bobby and plans to kill him. He offers to pay Hector to sleep with Bobby and slip Bobby poisoned drugs. John begins working security for Gino\'s parties . One such party is The Red Party, where John runs into a drag queen who remembers him from his small town days. This reminder of his past nearly sends John over the edge, leading to the drug binge which lands him on the stall floor. Gill and Nina realize John is in trouble but are not able to help him. John goes so far as to prostitute himself, joining Hector for a scene in which they have sex while a client watches. John, disgusted with himself, argues with Hector and refuses to take his cut of the fee. Eventually Nina moves out after John, in a drug-induced rage, attacks her cat. John tries to seduce Gill, who refuses him because of his heavy partying and drug abuse. John reduces his partying and drug use and goes to Gill for a job with his landscaping business. He and Gill also pursue a romantic relationship, but John, having stopped his steroid use, can\'t perform sexually because his body feels "soft." He returns to Hector for more "juice." It is the weekend of the annual Palm Springs White Party. Gino has provided Hector, who has become more terrified about losing his youth and looks, with the poisoned drugs. Tad is going to the party to record the last footage he needs to complete his documentary, including Bobby\'s farewell performance. Julian is DJing. John is going to supervise security. He and Hector travel by limousine and they reconcile. After giving John his headphones to listen to a song, Hector confesses that he loves him. Gino and Louise are also at the party and amidst the chaos Louise leaves him. After Bobby\'s farewell performance, Hector goes to his room and they have sex for most of the night. When they\'re spent, Bobby says to Hector, "you saved my life tonight." Hector replies, "More than you\'ll ever know" and ingests the poisoned drugs. He dies, on his 30th birthday. The next morning, Bobby discovers that Hector is dead. John, on his way to find Hector, runs into Gino outside the room, who says how sorry he is about Bobby\'s death, but trails off when Bobby walks out of the room. John looks in and sees Hector\'s body. He realizes Gino is involved and starts to attacks him, then, shattered by grief, runs off weeping. Six months later, John and Gill , Nina, Tad, Bobby, Louise and others gather for the premiere of Tad\'s documentary.'] ["Lianna  is the wife of a college professor teaching film and media at a University in a small to midsized town in New Jersey, and the mother of two children. In an attempt to give her husband more freedom - at his request - and cure her boredom in being a housewife, she takes a child psychology class with her friend Sandy. Becoming more involved in the class and interacting with the female professor, she realizes she has a crush on the instructor, Ruth. Ruth invites Lianna over to her home for dinner and they talk into the night, Lianna explaining that she was a graduate student at one time who married the professor. They eventually sleep together and begin an affair, complicated by Lianna's husband's affair with one of his students. Lianna expresses interest in leaving her husband for Ruth, but Ruth backs away, warning Lianna that living with another woman would jeopardize her career as a child psychologist - and she has a partner in another city. Lianna leaves her husband after a particularly ugly fight to live alone for the first time in years. Lianna visits a lesbian bar and attempts to connect with other lesbians through a string of affairs to explore her new identity. The film explores her loneliness, her changing relationships with her children, and her new relationship with Sandy, who is shocked at Lianna's revelations at first, but slowly begins to accept it and support Lianna."] ['Max Bialystock  is a washed-up, aging Broadway producer who ekes out a living romancing lascivious wealthy elderly women in exchange for money for his next play. Nebbishy accountant Leo Bloom  arrives at Bialystock\'s office to do his books and discovers there is a two thousand dollar overcharge in the accounts of Bialystock\'s last play, because he raised more money than he needed. Bialystock persuades Bloom to hide the relatively minor fraud; and, while shuffling numbers, Bloom has a revelation—that a producer could make a lot more money with a flop than a hit—a scheme which Bialystock immediately puts into action. They will over-sell shares again, but on a much larger scale and produce a play that will close on opening night. No one audits the books of a play presumed to have lost money, thus avoiding a pay-out and leaving the duo free to flee to Rio de Janeiro with the profits. Leo is afraid such a criminal venture will fail and they will go to prison; but Max eventually convinces him that his drab existence is no better than prison. After reading many bad plays, the partners find the obvious choice for their scheme: Springtime for Hitler: A Gay Romp with Adolf and Eva at Berchtesgaden. It is "a love letter to Hitler" written in total sincerity by deranged ex-Nazi Franz Liebkind , whose name is German for "Frank Lovechild". They persuade him to sign over the stage rights, telling him they want to show the world "the true Hitler, the Hitler with a song in his heart." To guarantee that the show is a flop, they hire Roger De Bris , a director whose plays "close on the first day of rehearsal". The part of Hitler goes to a charismatic but only semi-coherent, flower power hippie named Lorenzo St. DuBois, aka L.S.D. , who can barely remember his own name and had mistakenly wandered into their theater during the casting call. After Bialystock sells 25,000 percent of the play to his regular investors , they are sure they are on their way to Rio. The result of all of this is a cheerfully upbeat and utterly tasteless musical play purporting to be about the happy home life of a brutal dictator. It opens with a lavish production of the title song, "Springtime For Hitler", which celebrates Nazi Germany crushing Europe . Unfortunately for Bialystock and Bloom, their attempt backfires as, after initial dumbfounded disbelief, the audience finds L.S.D.\'s beatnik-like portrayal  to be hilarious and misinterpret the production as a satire. Springtime For Hitler is declared a smash-hit, which means, of course, the investors will be expecting a larger financial return than can be paid out. As the stunned partners turn on each other, they are confronted by a gun-wielding Franz Liebkind, who is enraged by L.S.D.\'s portrayal of Hitler. He says they have broken the "Siegfried Oath", which they took in a deleted earlier scene. In desperation, the three band together and blow up the theater to end the production. They are injured, arrested, and tried. In spite of Leo\'s impassioned statement praising Max, the jury finds them "incredibly guilty" and they go to prison. They have apparently not learned their lesson, though, as the film ends with them rehearsing a new Franz Liebkind musical starring their fellow inmates, called "Prisoners of Love". Leo Bloom continues to oversell shares of the play to the other prisoners and even to the warden, while Max, during rehearsal, dances to the song with the prisoners singing it. The song is performed while the credits are shown.'] ["A psychological drama about love, longing, homosexual desire and psychological turmoil—i.e., the perils of puberty. Ito is a shy boy in the top class at secondary school. He feels attracted to his classmate and best friend Yoshida, who is not aware of Ito's intimate feelings. They spend much time with Kanbara, whose comic actions hide his sensitive nature. Aihara  is new at school and remains aloof with her cool attitude. No one knows that at her previous school she was raped and is now in therapy. Meanwhile Yoshida, who is currently involved with the insecure Shimizu, is interested in Aihara, the mysterious new girl. It is obvious that each teen is hiding behind a wall which they must break through during this tough process of maturation."] ['Back in France, master sergeant Galoup  remembers the time in the desert, where he led his men under the command of Bruno Forestier . His life had routine duties, such as supervising the physical exercise of his men. One day, his troop is joined by Gilles Sentain , whose physical beauty, social skills, and fortitude make Galoup envious. Repressed homosexual feelings of Galoup are suggested. When Sentain helps another soldier, violating previous orders by Galoup, the sergeant sees a chance to destroy him. As a punishment, he drives Sentain out into the desert to make him walk back to the base. But Sentain does not return because Galoup has tampered with his compass, and the soldier is lost without it. Even though Sentain is later found and rescued by a group of Djiboutis, Galoup is sent back to France by his commander for a court martial. It ends his career in the Foreign Legion. The final scene, a metaphoric dance, suggests his suicide.'] [":Note: The story of Exotica is not told in chronological order and important information is often revealed only late in the film. The following synopsis does not reflect the viewer's actual experience of the events as they unfold. Exotica presents a disparate group of characters whose lives are interconnected through the Exotica nightclub. Christina  is an exotic dancer at Exotica, owned by Zoe . Eric  is the club's DJ and Christina's former boyfriend, and is involved in a complex relationship with Zoe. Francis  is a customer who comes in nightly and always has Christina -- dressed in a schoolgirl uniform -- give him a private dance , which seems to inspire Eric's jealousy. Francis hires a teenaged girl  to babysit each night while he attends the nightclub. But Francis has no child and the girl waits in an empty house each night until her employer returns. In his professional life, Francis is a tax auditor for Revenue Canada, and Thomas  is a latent-gay pet store owner whose books of account Francis is auditing pursuant to a suspicion of Thomas running an illegal import business with revenues of $200,000 per year. Francis is eventually banned from the club when Eric manipulates him into touching Christina during one of her dances . Around the same time, Francis discovers illegal activities in Thomas' financial records, and forces Thomas to get involved in his conflict with Eric -- and we eventually learn that Francis' obsession with Christina has much more complex roots than it first appears. The film's final scene, set many years before the others, shows that the death of Francis' daughter and the discovery of her body is central to the lives of the main characters."] ['Working class cockney teenagers Dot  and biker Reggie  get married. Their marriage soon turns sour. During an unsuccessful honeymoon at a holiday camp Reggie becomes alienated from the brassy and self-absorbed Dot. Afterwards, they begin to live increasingly separate lives as Reggie becomes more involved with his biker friends, especially the eccentric Pete . Reggie also loses interest in having sex with Dot. When Reggie\'s grandfather dies, Dot merely complains that his support for his bereaved grandmother  has stopped them visiting the cinema. Her boorish behaviour at the funeral and her refusal to move in with Reggie\'s grandmother leads to a major argument. She leaves and Reggie stays with his gran, who will not leave her own house. He brings in Pete, who has been forced to leave his lodgings, to stay as a lodger with her. The two share a bed at her house. Meanwhile Dot shows an interest in Brian , another biker. The following day Pete and Reggie drive to the seaside. Reggie wants them to chat up a couple of girls, but Pete shows no interest. Reggie intends to return to Dot. Dot herself has already hatched a plan to get him back by pretending to be pregnant. Dot is sitting with Brian when she tells Reggie of her "pregnancy". Believing he can\'t be the father, Reggie accuses Brian and the two fight. Reggie knocks out Brian. Dot visits Reggie\'s gran\'s house and learns that he is sharing a bed with Pete. She taunts them, calling them "queers". Reggie is disturbed by this, and asks Pete to deny that he is homosexual, but Pete avoids answering. The bikers organise a race from London to Edinburgh and back in which Reggie, Pete and Brian all take part. Dot rides with Brian. When Brian\'s bike breaks down, Reggie carries Dot on his. Dot admits she is not pregnant. The two start to rekindle their relationship. When they get back, Pete manages to separate Reggie from Dot, taking him to the pub. They come back to their room drunk. When Pete passes out, Reggie sits up thinking. The following morning he decides to return to Dot. Pete gets upset, and says he can\'t understand why Reggie would want to return to Dot, since they get on so much better. He says they should go to America together. Reggie says that he needs a woman. He returns to Dot, but discovers her in bed with Brian. In despair, he meets up with Pete and says he wishes to leave for America as soon as possible. Pete says he can get them passage working on a ship. While Pete is arranging things, he leaves Reggie in a pub, which turns out to be a gay bar. Reggie realises that the clientele are gay when one starts chatting him up. When Pete walks in they all recognise him and Reggie suddenly understands that Pete too is gay. He leaves.'] ["When the young Iris Murdoch meets fellow student John Bayley at the University of Oxford, he is a naive virgin easily flummoxed by her libertine spirit, arch personality, and obvious artistic talent. Decades later, little has changed and the couple keeps house, with John doting on his more famous wife. When Iris begins experiencing forgetfulness and dementia, however, the devoted John struggles with hopelessness and frustration to become her caretaker, as his wife's mind deteriorates from the ravages of Alzheimer's disease."] ['The film is set during the 1984–1985 UK miners\' strike, and centres on the character of 11-year-old Billy Elliot , his love of dance and his hope to become a professional ballet dancer. Billy lives with his widowed father, Jackie ([[Gary Lewis , and older brother, Tony , both coal miners out on strike, and also his invalid Nan , who once aspired to be a professional dancer in Durham. Jackie takes Billy to the Sports Centre to learn boxing, but Billy dislikes the sport. He happens upon a ballet class that is using the gym while their usual basement studio in the Sports Centre is temporarily being used as a soup kitchen for the striking miners. Unknown to Jackie, Billy joins the ballet class. When Jackie discovers this, he forbids Billy to take any more ballet. But, passionate about dancing, Billy secretly continues lessons with his dance teacher Sandra Wilkinson\'s  help. Mrs. Wilkinson believes Billy is talented enough to study at the Royal Ballet School in London, but due to Tony\'s arrest during a skirmish between police and striking miners, Billy misses the audition. Mrs. Wilkinson tells Jackie about the missed opportunity, but fearing that Billy will be considered a "poof", both Jackie and Tony are outraged at the prospect of Billy becoming a professional ballet dancer. Over Christmas, Billy learns his best friend, Michael is gay. Although Billy is not, he is supportive of his friend. Later, Jackie catches Billy dancing in the gym and realises his son is truly gifted; he will do whatever it takes to help Billy attain his dream. Jackie attempts to cross the picket line to pay for the trip to London, but Tony blocks him. Instead, his fellow miners and the neighbourhood raise some money,and Jackie sells Billy\'s mum\'s jewelry to cover the cost and Jackie takes him to London to audition for the Royal Ballet School. Though highly nervous, Billy performs well, but he punches another boy in his frustration at the audition and the fear that he has ruined his chance of attaining his dream. He is sternly rebuked by the review board. Seemingly rejected, Billy returns home with his father. Sometime later, he receives a letter accepting him to the Royal Ballet School, and he leaves home to attend. The film\'s final scene is set fourteen years later : the mature Billy (dancer/actor [[Adam Cooper  takes the stage to perform the lead in Matthew Bourne\'s Swan Lake, as Jackie, Tony, and Michael watch in the audience.'] ['Private Investigator Donald Strachey is under the impression he is tailing an unfaithful housewife for evidence that she is cheating on her husband, but it turns out that the "housewife" is actually an undercover cop who promptly arrests him. After six hours of questioning the cop, Officer Gina Santer, and Detective \'Bub\' Bailey let him go, but instruct him to turn over any information he obtains on the client that claimed Santer was his wife. Most of the info on file at Strachey Investigations about this mystery client is fake. Meanwhile, at the home of Dorothy \'Dot\' Fisher and her partner Edith Strong, Dorothy chases out a vandal after he breaks into their home and spray paints homophobic graffiti on their wall. The next day, Andrew McWhirter, close friend of Fisher and Strong—and Timmy Callhan\'s former boyfriend—introduce Donald and Timmy to the lesbian couple after a contentious school board meeting at which Dorothy, a guidance counselor at the school, is placed on paid leave due to objections from a homophobic parent whose gay son Derek has been counseled by Fisher. The two are invited by the middle-aged women and houseguest Andrew back to their home in Hollis, but the socialization is interrupted when the returning vandal throws a brick through the window. Strachey chases him back to his car, but the license plate is obscured by mud. The following day, Kenny gives Don pictures he obtained of the mysterious "client", and his e-mail address, the one piece of info he offered about himself that is at least a marginal lead. With no other pressing cases, Strachey returns to Hollis, investigating motives for the vandalism. Dorothy suspects the homophobic Joey Deems, who attends the school he works at, but his father Carl tells Donald that he believes the motive is more likely a resentful backlash against Fisher\'s decision not to sell her house to Millipond Realty, who wants to build a large mall along Moon Road, the street the Deems, Dot & Edith, and other residents, who all received offers on their properties, live on. Strachey manages to discover a connection between Millipond and Colter Investigations, a rival P.I. firm. That night, after an abortive attempt by Andrew to seduce Donald, close to the Fisher home, a fire breaks out inside their barn. Upon investigation, Donald also discovers a body in the barn, which later turns out to be that of Leo Colter, the head of the aforementioned P.I. firm. Strachey sneaks into the Colter offices and purloins some sensitive files. Later, he exchanges the faux client\'s e-mail address for a copy of the autopsy report on Colter\'s body, courtesy of Bailey. In Hollis, a distraught Derek visits Dorothy in a desperate plea for help, but his father Jonas arrives, and informs Fisher she can now expect to have her position with the school fully terminated. Donald discusses the results of the autopsy report with Dorothy and warns her that he suspects foul play, and that Dorothy may have to contend with even more than the loss of her job and the barrage of vandalism and arson. Strachey\'s visit is cut short by a call from Kenny, who has been tailing Santer as part of his field experience requirements. He discovers that Santer has been having coffee with the same mysterious "client" that hired Donald to track her under false pretenses. Donald returns to Albany in time to observe both participants in the coffee date going their separate ways. Kenny manages to stick with Santer, but Strachey\'s attempts to tail the mystery man are derailed by one of his former disgruntled clients. Coming up with a Plan B, Donald joins Kenny at Sturgis Development, which was Santer\'s destination. She is working undercover, investigating allegations of fraud. She tells him his mystery client\'s name—Peter Garritty, who is also in the real estate business. Sensing that things aren\'t adding up, Donald interrupts a lunch date between Tim and his former flame, outright accusing Andrew of being involved in the shady dealings he\'s uncovered. A defensive McWhirter denies knowing Garritty, and shoots back that Donald is still pissed for the pass Andrew made earlier. Tim, who was unaware of the incident until now, runs out of his office, but Donald assures him that the attraction—and "action" the previous night—weren\'t mutual, and that he doesn\'t even trust McWhirter, let alone like him. Back in Hollis, Strachey presses Dorothy on the lack of records about "Edith Strong" before 1972. Later, Strachey talks to "Edith" alone; she breaks down and confesses the details of her past to him. Her birth name was Laura Whitaker. As a young woman, she, like Dorothy, was an activist. During an attempt to protest the Vietnam War, a planned bombing of an empty courthouse went terribly wrong, accidentally killing a close friend of Laura\'s. Furthermore, Edith/Laura knows that Joey Deems has been vandalizing her and Dorothy\'s home—because she asked him to do it. Not too long ago, a man called her and threatened to expose her to the police and Dorothy if she failed to convince her stubborn partner to sell their home. Later, Edith finds out that Dorothy has already known about her past as Laura for some time now, and it changed nothing as far as Dot\'s feelings for her or their relationship was concerned. Dot suddenly yells for help, letting Strachey know that Andrew has apparently been kidnapped, as per a video clip e-mailed to her showing him being held hostage and ending with a demand for a $500,000 ransom. Strachey, with Santer\'s assistance, arranges for Sturgis to buy out Dot and Edith\'s home at the steeply overvalued price of half a million dollars, which would enable the couple to meet the ransom demand. Strachey then breaks into Garritty\'s office, uncovering a much broader conspiracy that is appearing to link all the players he has met so far in some way, one centered on various parties outmaneuvering each other until the winner is able to cash in on the lucrative deal to sell all the properties along Moon Road—a deal worth a total of $40 million—but his research is interrupted by Garritty\'s arrival. Strachey surprises Garritty and persuades him to answer many of his questions, but this is also interrupted—by gunshots fired by an unknown assailant. Garritty uses the distraction to evade further interrogation by the P.I. After another session with Carl Deems in which he is more forthcoming about his frustration with Fisher\'s resistance to the Moon Road real estate deal, blocking his ambition to sell his own property, Donald discovers Carl\'s clearly closeted son Joey being intimate with his openly gay classmate Derek. Joey confesses to vandalizing Dorothy\'s house, but truthfully denies being involved with the later fire, let alone Colter\'s murder. Game time arrives. As the midnight deadline for the ransom money approaches, Santer arrives at Dot and Edith\'s place with the money in cash, courtesy of Sturgis. Strachey catches Santer off guard, tricking her into admitting  that she plans to cut him out the profitable real estate deal. Garritty emerges from hiding amongst the bushes, objecting to the ad hoc ruse, after which Santer reveals herself as an undercover cop. Strachey then confronts her with his knowledge of her attempt on Garritty\'s life hours earlier, as well as her murdering of Colter. The P.I. then exposes Andrew\'s collusion with Garritty as well, having unearthed that the kidnapping was entirely staged, leading McWhirter, who is also hiding nearby, to show himself. The greedy Santer and Garritty, both armed, shoot each other, leaving McWhirter to take the cash. Strachey chases him into the barn and confronts him for hurting Dot and Edith—he was the mystery blackmailer. McWhirter gets the drop on Strachey and is about to shoot him, but Dot is close by, and hits him from behind with a softball bat. The next day Donald finally breaks through to Jonas by showing him autopsy pictures of teen suicides, warning him that Derek could wind up the same way without his help. Strachey gives him a card for The Trevor Project, which Jonas rejected as a recruiting tool for homosexuals when Dot referred Derek to it earlier, but now accepts as a valid source of psychological assistance, leading him and his son to reconcile and likely avoiding the fate Donald warned of. Back home, as Donald and Tim put this latest case behind them, they discuss Dot\'s reinstatement to her position at the school and a plea bargain that should make it so the worst Edith will have to endure is a year of house arrest, which she will get through fine with Dot by her side.  The setting for much of this film, Hollis, is a fictional town presumably located 20–25 miles from Albany. In the original novel the movie was adapted from, Moon Road was located in West Albany . Hollis is meant to be a modern-day rural town that is meant to hold onto the conservative social conditions , combined with the sense of declining population and industry actually found in reality in West Albany which was ripe for the investment deal that made up the bulk of the premise the story\'s plot hinges on.'] ['Eddie and Michael are best friends on the brink of adulthood. They are both gay, but hold diametrically opposed outlooks on life. Eddie likes watching old movies on video with his mum. Michael likes video games and the street. They are total opposites that argue like an old married couple. Leaving behind the grim, oppressive reality of Liverpool , they stumble into the bizarre fantasy world of a transvestite nightclub called The Fruit Machine, run by "Annabelle". There, they witness a brutal gangland murder by Echo that transforms their quest for adventure into a run for their lives. Alone and afraid, yet hopeful, they wind up in Brighton with Vincent and Eve at Wonderland, where their path is strewn with manipulation, deceit and murder.'] ["Irene, a housewife , becomes bored while her husband and son are absent on a weekend fishing trip. She becomes attracted to Billy , a man she met when he trimmed a tree in her neighborhood. She accidentally becomes trapped in his trailer which arrives at Lake Consequence hours later. Discovered by his bisexual girlfriend, Grace , and then Billy, they agree to drive her into town so she can catch a bus home. Chinese New Year is in full swing and she is seduced by Billy during the celebrations at a Chinese nightclub and bath house. As Irene develops an erotic relationship with Billy, repressed images of her teenage experience return. Confronted by her own sexuality and her forgotten past, and jealous of Billy's attentions to Grace, Irene flees after starting a fire. However Billy chases her and drives her home, where her husband and child have yet to return. Feeling grief and self-loathing, Irene hesitates to return to her family. Billy lectures her on her responsibilities as wife, helps her to dress and disappears before they return that night."] ["The film begins with Alfie Elkins  ending a relationship with a married woman  and getting the woman from another of his affairs, Gilda , pregnant. The film then follows his life for a few years, documenting events that lead to the character's emotional growth, starting with the birth of his son. Alfie has a health check in case of hereditary diseases, but his inability to commit to the child's mother leads to her marrying a bus conductor . The health check reveals Alfie has tubercular shadows on his lungs, and this, combined with being banned from seeing his son, leads him to have a brief breakdown. Alfie then spends time in a convalescent home. Here he meets Harry , who confronts him about his delusion that he is doing no harm, and Harry's wife , whom he gets pregnant in a one-night stand. Later on in the film, the ensuing abortion is a turning point for the character, and the only time other than his passing out/breakdown where he exhibits real emotion—breaking down in tears at the sight of the aborted foetus. In the meantime, he meets Ruby , who is an older, voluptuous, affluent and promiscuous American, while freelancing taking holiday photos of tourists near the Tower of London. Later, as a car-hire chauffeur, he picks up a young hitchhiker, Annie  from Sheffield, looking to make a fresh start in London, who moves in with him. She proves preoccupied with a love left behind, scrubbing Alfie's floor, doing his laundry, and preparing his meals to compensate. He grows resentful of the relationship and drives her out with an angry outburst, too late regretting what he has just done. Near the film's close, Alfie decides to change his non-committal ways and settle down, albeit with the rich Ruby. The day he chooses to suggest this to her, he finds a younger man in her bed, leaving him disheartened at the film's end and wondering “What's it all about? You know what I mean.” The film is unusual in that it has no opening credits and the end credits feature photos of the principal actors, as well as of the main technical crew, including director Lewis Gilbert and cameraman Otto Heller."] ['Carmelo, is 30 years old and extremely shy. He finds it difficult to reveal his innermost feelings to Verónica his coworker. When Verónica announces that she is engaged to be married to a rich and handsome man, Carmello is heartbroken. In an odd twist of fate Verónica sees Carmelo at a gay rally, and assumes that he is gay. Carmelo doesn\'t correct this impression and finds the ruse as a way to open up to her. Verónica soon falls for Carmelo, and leaves her fiance for her "gay" boy friend, who then reveals his real orientation.'] ['Iva and Marija, who are a lesbian couple, rent an apartment in Zagreb in a building that seems to be quiet and a safe environment for their love. But as time passes by, the atmosphere in the house gets more and more aggressive. Elder Olga is dominating the house. Other tenants include her calm husband and her grown-up son Daniel , the prostitute Lidija, an abused housewife, a widower keeping the corpse of his newly deceased wife, a gynecologist performing abortions in one flat of the house and an ex-soldier who regularly plays martial music at night. The characters are meant to display the madness of the post war Croatian society. The conservative religious father of Marija is secretly tracing his daughter and pays Lidija to try to seduce Iva, which fails. After Olga finds out that Iva and Marija are lesbians, the situation escalates in rape, murder and kidnapping.'] ['In 1931 Berlin, American artist Sally Bowles  performs at the Kit Kat Klub. A new arrival in the city, Brian Roberts ([[Michael York , moves into Sally\'s boarding house. A reserved English academic and writer, Brian gives English lessons to earn a living while completing his doctorate in Philosophy. Sally unsuccessfully tries to seduce Brian and suspects he may be gay. Brian tells Sally that on three previous occasions he has tried to have physical relationships with women, all of which have failed. The unlikely pair become friends, and Brian is witness to Sally\'s anarchic, bohemian life in the last days of the German Weimar Republic. Later in the film, Sally and Brian become lovers despite their earlier reservations, and Brian and Sally conclude with irony that his previous failures with women were because they were "the wrong three girls." Sally befriends Maximilian von Heune , a rich playboy baron who takes her and Brian to his country estate. It becomes ambiguous which of the duo Max is seducing, epitomized by a scene in which the three dance intimately together in a wine-induced reverie. After a sexual experience with Brian, Max loses interest in the two, and departs for Argentina. When Sally triumphantly tells Brian that she slept with Max, Brian begins to laugh and reveals that he slept with Max as well. After the ensuing argument, Brian storms off and picks a fight with a group of Nazis, who beat him senseless. Brian and Sally make up in their rooming house, where Sally reveals that Max left them an envelope of money. Later on, Sally finds out that she\'s pregnant and is unsure whether Brian or Max is the father. Brian offers to marry her and take her back to his university life in Cambridge. After a scene that strongly hints Sally prefers the life of a singer to the life of a mother and housewife, she proceeds with an abortion. When Brian confronts her, she shares her fears and the two reach an understanding. The film ends with Brian departing for England by train, and Sally continuing her life in Berlin, singing "Cabaret" to a highly appreciative audience.  {{original research}} A subplot concerns Fritz Wendel , a German Jew passing as a Christian. Fritz eventually reveals his true religious background when he falls for Natalia Landauer , a wealthy German Jewish heiress. Although they marry, the audience are left wondering what their fate will be. The Nazis\' violent rise is a powerful, ever-present undercurrent in the film. Though explicit evidence of their actions is only sporadically presented, their progress can be tracked through the characters\' changing actions and attitudes. While in the beginning of the film National Socialist members are sometimes harassed and even kicked out of the Kit Kat Klub, a scene midway through the film shows everyday Germans rising in song to rally around National Socialism, and the final shot of the film shows the cabaret\'s audience is dominated by Nazi party members. While he does not play a role in the main plot or subplot, the "Emcee"  serves in the role of storyteller throughout the film, acting as a sort of voyeur in the circus atmosphere. His surface demeanor is one of benevolence and hospitality , but when the floor show gets underway, he exposes the audience to the seedy world of the Cabaret. His intermittent songs in the Kit Kat Klub are risque and pointedly mock the Nazis. In a scene when Sally experiences delirium, the Emcee is seen holding her breasts - the significance of this is never explained, and it is not clear if it is memory or fantasy. The rise of the National Socialist movement and their increasing influence on German society is dramatically demonstrated in the beer garden scene: A boy — only his face seen — sings to the seated guests what first seems an innocent lyrical song about the beauties of nature. This gradually becomes the strident "Tomorrow Belongs to Me" as the camera shifts to show that the boy is wearing a brown Hitler Youth uniform and lifts his hand in the Nazi salute. One by one, nearly all guests in the beer garden get up and voluntarily join in the singing and saluting. The oldest gentleman among them, however, obviously feels differently, and does not share the common exaltation; he obviously has grown wise enough not to join the chorus and turns away uneasily. Max and Brian flee the beer garden after the show of grass roots solidarity, realising that the Nazis will be difficult to "control" now. Earlier in the film the NSDAP enjoyed relative favor with the main characters, due to their strong opposition to Communism, which was a natural risk to the trio\'s increasingly lavish lifestyle. Although the songs throughout the film allude to and advance the narrative, every song except "Tomorrow Belongs to Me" is executed in the context of a Kit Kat Klub performance. The voice heard on the radio reading the news throughout the film in German was that of associate producer Harold Nebenzal, whose father Seymour Nebenzahl made such notable Weimar films such as M , Testament of Dr. Mabuse , and Threepenny Opera .'] ['We first see Malik Williams , Kristen Connor , and Remy, , at the opening freshman pep rally and as they are decorating their rooms. Malik and Kristen meet in the elevator, with Kristen shielding her purse and Malik seeing this and resenting it. There is a montage of each putting up pictures and posters in their rooms. Track star Malik goes to his first practice unprepared, and is chastised severely by the coach. Kristen meets her roommate, Monet , a black girl, and attends a fraternity rush party. Monet and Malik attend a party with other black students, hosted by Fudge , a black nationalist. Remy, who is Fudge\'s roommate, is upset at the loud rap music being played late into the night. He calls security, who breaks up the party. Fudge is upset that they don\'t tell the room down the hall to stop their loud "hillbilly" music. Kristen, while walking home, meets Taryn , a junior lesbian student who warns Kristen about walking alone late at night and invites her to a student group. Malik\'s roommate, Wayne, is then introduced, with Malik angry about his filthy bed area. The next day, Fudge points out the self-segregation of the various ethnic groups on campus. We then see Malik\'s first class, with Professor Maurice Phipps . In the class, Malik\'s and Kristen\'s names  are called out for having financial problems, embarrassing them. They go to the financial aid office, where Kristen is told she needs a job, and Malik learns that his scholarship is partial, not full. He talks to the coach, who agrees to help him out if he keeps his grades up and works extra hard on the field. Fudge returns to his room with his friend Dreads , and plays his music loud, disrupting Remy\'s studying. When Remy complains, Fudge mocks and threatens him, causing Remy to move out. Later, Remy is beaten by Malik at a video game, then rejects an offer of pool from Wayne and David Isaacs, Remy\'s new Jewish roommate. Kristen is then shown getting drunk and leaving with frat boy Billy, retreating back to his frat room. After Billy initiates sex without a condom, Kristen changes her mind in the middle of the consensual act. She fights him off, running out crying. Monet returns to their room and finds Kristen crying in her bed. When Billy calls, Monet refuses give the phone to Kristen, and Billy insults her racially. Angered, she turns to Fudge, who recruits his friends to confront him at the frat party. Fudge and Dreads pull Billy outside, threatening him and forcing him to apologize. The security guards arrive and the black students leave. Kristen attends Taryn\'s student group on harmony between different groups. Malik borrows a copy of the autobiography of Frederick Douglass. After telling Fudge he only needs it for a class, Fudge kicks him out, telling him to read it for himself and not for school. That evening, Remy is reading alone outside when he is asked out for a drink by Scott Moss, a white supremacist. He also meets Scott\'s friends: Erik, James, and Knocko. Professor Phipps challenges his class  to determine who they are for themselves and not let others categorize them. Kristen talks about her rape with Taryn, with Taryn encouraging her to report it and attempting to console her. Malik confronts Phipps about a paper he graded, arguing he should have a better grade. When Phipps shows him the various spelling and grammar errors, Malik calls him a sellout. Phipps angrily responds that the world owes Malik nothing and he must work for his own good. Malik is then shown racing in a relay, losing ground to another runner. When his teammates confront him, he responds with Fudge\'s ideology. He walks away and flirts with fellow runner Deja. Remy is in Scott\'s room with James, Erik, and Knocko. The room is decorated with Swastikas and Nazi paraphernalia. Scott expresses his racist beliefs, and Remy is slowly being convinced. Deja is shown helping Malik with his essay and Kristen is shown realizing her attraction to Taryn. Phipps then criticizes Kristen\'s bland paper, telling her that only writing the facts is fine for journalism, but not for a political science course. Phipps tells her that her purpose at college is to think for herself. Phipps then talks with Malik about his much improved paper. Remy is shown working in a class, surrounded by students of other races. He removes his hat, showing he has shaved his head and is wearing an Iron Cross necklace. Wayne asks Kristen for a flier for their group, confronting her when she says the anti-sexism group is for women, flirting with her as well. On Halloween, Monet attends a party with Dreads, Kristen attends a rape awareness rally with Taryn, and Remy and the other neo-Nazis attack an interracial couple. Kristen asks to spend the night with Taryn. Taryn rebuffs her, saying she wants Kristen to be sure about it. While stretching on the track, Malik continues spouting Fudge\'s ideology to Deja, saying he hates feeling like a thoroughbred. Deja rebuffs him, saying he has opportunities that people would do anything for and he should take them. The stretching and running is then intercut in a montage with a love scene, showing they have started dating. Kristen is also going on a date with Wayne. Scott shows Remy his gun collection and Remy talks about his abusive, survivalist father. Kristen is shown walking holding hands with Taryn. A montage love sequence is shown with Kristen where she sleeps with Wayne, but fantasizes about Taryn. While Malik and Deja talk, Remy approaches, condemning Malik\'s Black Panther shirt and calling him a racial slur. Malik, angered, goes to Remy\'s room and confronts him. Remy backs down from a fight, with Malik insulting him and leaving. Remy trashes the room, contemplating suicide. After David returns, he confronts Remy about the mess. Remy starts beating David and Malik intervenes. Remy pulls his Glock 9mm, threatening the two and leaving. Malik runs after him, only to be stopped by security guards asking for ID. Resisting, he is arrested, letting Remy escape. Malik then moves in with Fudge and the rest of his friends. Malik, Fudge, and Phipps have a discussion on race, knowledge, and "the system". Phipps says that he must play the game of life to win, because no one wants to hear excuses. Kristen begins organizing a peace festival to calm down the students after Remy\'s actions. Meanwhile, Scott chastises Remy for dropping out of school, arguing that the white community needs more successful members and that he is betraying his race. After Knocko calls out a racial slur, Fudge, Malik, Dreads, and another black student start a gang fight with the white power skinheads, beating them. Later, Deja confronts Malik on his intentions of dropping out and fighting for no good reason. Malik is becoming more and more angry about racial issues. Scott says that Remy\'s posturing means nothing, and only actions do. He then shows Remy a sniper rifle and challenges him to action. We then see Malik and Deja walking at the Peace Fest, with Malik saying he wouldn\'t drop out because he\'d lose her. Remy has moved to the rooftop of a building with the sniper rifle and prepares. Erik stands lookout while the other racist skinheads attack a gay couple to distract security. Remy is obviously having trouble with doing this, but acquiesces when pushed by Scott. He opens fire on the Peace Fest, causing a riot. An unnamed student is killed, and Deja is shot in the stomach. She collapses in Malik\'s arms. After Phipps tries to help, Malik goes crazy and attacks Remy, meeting him on the stairs and beating him severely and nearly choking him to death before security intervenes and beats him. Security confronts Remy as he tries to leave. Remy pulls his pistol again. Remy apologizes to the police and shoots himself in the head, killing himself. Malik returns and finds that Deja has died, and he collapses into Phipps\' arms, crying. The racist skinheads are shown mourning Remy\'s death when they see a TV news report of the university shooting. Knocko, Erik, and James then begin celebrating his actions, chanting, "white power". Scott quietly sits back and for a brief moment seems to smile. Malik and Phipps discuss his future away from the university, with Phipps saying he trusts Malik\'s judgment. The final scene shows Malik and Kristen meeting at a memorial. Kristen feels guilty about the deaths because she started the festival. Malik assuages her guilt.'] ['Félix, a young gay man of Arab descent, living in Dieppe, is currently unemployed and HIV positive. While cleaning out the apartment of his recent deceased mother, he discovers that the father he never knew is living in Marseilles. Félix decides to hitchhike south to meet him, promising to see his lover Daniel there five days later. Carrying with him only a small bag, his HIV medication and a rainbow kite, Félix takes to the road. He witnesses a racist attack and is beaten up by one of the assailants. He is unable, however, to bring himself to report it to the police. Later, Félix encounters a series of people who form an alternative family for him: a young gay man studying art, who Félix teaches to draw, a lone old widow, who shelters him in her house, a handsome railroad worker, with whom he has a brief sexual encounter, a mother of three children by three different fathers, and a kind, middle aged fisherman. As he calls each of these characters "brother", "cousin", "grandmother" and the like, he gradually constructs a sort of family and new understandings of life through this odyssey, no matter whether he actually meets his "true" father at the end of the story. Félix is haunted by the racist crime he witnessed, in which he learns, the victim died, and in his inability to do anything about it. Stopping at a hotel, he sees the police arresting the murderer. When he arrives at Marseilles, Felix decides not to see his father and goes instead on a romantic holiday to Tunisia with his lover.'] ["Antoine, a successful French civil engineer, travels to Tangiers to supervise the construction of buildings for a large media center. His real motivation, however, is to seek out his first love from thirty years before, Cécile. Having discovered that Cécile lives in Tangiers, he begins anonymously sending her roses every day at the radio station where she hosts a French-Arabic program, but she is uninterested in her secret admirer. Cécile, who married a man shortly after ending her relationship with Antoine, only to divorce later, is currently married to a younger man, Nathan, a Moroccan Jewish physician. Antoine has literally counted the days  since he last saw Cécile and has spent years tracking her down. He has come to Morocco expressly to make her fall back in love with him. He has never married and in his obsession to win Cécile’s heart he recruits the help of Nabila, his Moroccan assistant, to investigate the possibility of using witchcraft. Antoine and Cécile eventually cross paths in a supermarket when Antoine walks into a plate glass window, injuring his nose, and Nathan, who is with Cécile, rushes over to administer first aid. Around the time Antoine arrives in Tangier, Cécile and Nathan’s son, Sami, who lives in Paris, arrives for a visit with his live-in girlfriend, Nadia, and Saïd, her 9-year-old son by another man. Sami often leaves them alone in order to visit with his Moroccan boyfriend Bilal, who briefly lived in Paris and is now looking after a villa for its absent owners. Bilal more or less accepts Sami’s ambivalence and they restart their affair. Nadia, meanwhile, hopes to reconnect with her identical twin sister, Aïcha, a conservative observant Muslim who works in a McDonald’s, but Aicha is reluctant to see her and after many efforts Nadia manages only a brief glimpse at her sister from afar. When Nadia's addiction to prescriptions pills is exposed by Nathan, Sami decides that is time to return to Paris. Cécile, who is cold and formal, has buried her youthful dreams, coping with life in a state of mild exasperation. Her marriage is less than blissful. Nathan, whose career has stalled, has had several affairs. Eventually Cécile, encouraged by Rachel, a friend and coworker, accepts Antoine's advances, initially proposing a brief fling, rather than his preference for them to grow old together. They make love and Antoine is closer to reaching his goal just when he was losing all hope. However, shortly thereafter, Antoine is involved in a serious accident, trapped in a collapse at the construction site where he works and is hospitalized with a coma. Cécile visits him constantly at the hospital. Cécile and Nathan separate. He moves to Casablanca accepting a new job. It is suggested that he has started a relationship with Aïcha. Bilal is ambivalent about accepting Samis’s offer to visit him in Paris. Months later during one of Cécile’s hospital visits, Antoine wakes up from his coma, and their hands join."] ['Francesca "Frankie" Sutton  is a Los Angeles bank teller who witnesses a robbery. Shortly after the incident, the bank fires Frankie after the police uncover a connection between her and Darnell, one of the robbers. Frankie reluctantly gets a job at a janitorial company where her friends Lita "Stoney" Newsome , Cleopatra "Cleo" Sims , and Tisean "T.T." Williams  already work. Stoney\'s brother Stevie is wrongfully gunned down by the police after they mistake him for one of the men involved in the previous robbery. The incident prompts Cleo to suggest that they rob a bank themselves. While Frankie is happy to go along with the plan, T.T. is initially opposed the idea. However, when an accident at work leads to her toddler being taken away by social services, T.T. commits to the plot as well. The four women embark on a series of bank robberies, which are investigated by LAPD detective Strode . The women stash the money in an air vent at one of their work sites. However, when they show up for work another day, they realize that their boss, Luther , has discovered the money and fled. The women track down Luther and find him at a motel with a woman. When they confront Luther he is killed by T.T. when he pulls a gun on Cleo. Afterwards, Cleo takes the woman\'s drivers license to prevent her from contacting the police. With their money gone, the girls rob another bank, which happens to be the same bank where Keith , Stoney\'s lover, works. Before they make it out of the bank, Strode and his partner arrive and order them to drop their weapons, but as they do, a bank security guard shoots Tisean. Stoney and Cleo open fire at the security guard and carry Tisean to the getaway car with Frankie behind the wheel. As Tisean dies in Stoney’s arms en route to a hospital, the three women decide to split up. Cleo is the second of the girls to be killed after the police catches up to her. The police catch up to Frankie and order her to surrender. However, Frankie pulls a gun on Strode and tries to run away, but is shot and killed by an officer. Stoney, in the meantime, boards a bus heading to Mexico, but she painfully witnesses the killing of Frankie. Strode spots Stoney on the bus, but lets her go considering she already has been through enough. After cutting her hair in a small motel where she has taken refuge, she calls Keith but doesn\'t say anything. While she doesn\'t tell him where she is, she assures him that she is all right and thanks him. The movie ends with her driving through the mountains.'] ["The film takes place in and around Cape Town and a nearby township, Khayelitsha. The film centers around two black 14-year-old friends, Madiba  and Sipho . One day, as they are playing alongside the railroad tracks, they find a dead body. With him they find a gun with one bullet and a video camera. Sipho takes the gun and Madiba takes the camera, which he puts inside a wooden toy camera to make it seem a not-working toy. Sipho seems to harmlessly joke about the gun at first, but begins spending more time in Cape Town, robbing parking meters and paying for glue to sniff. He eventually starts living in abandoned places in Cape Town with a group of thugs. Madiba films the world around him, finding beauty in both Khayelitsha and Cape Town. He tries many filming techniques and is skilled, but finds his videos very personal and does not normally let other people see them. While in Cape Town, he meets and forges an unlikely friendship with a white Cape Town girl, Estelle  from a rich family, who gets into conflict with her racist father about this. Sipho uses the gun to rob people. Madiba disapproves and does not want any of the stolen money, but still considers him his friend. One of Sipho's robberies goes wrong and he is killed. In the end Madiba and Estelle run off and take a train together"] ['The film is set in the 1950s in a large country residence, as a family and its servants are preparing for Christmas, when the master of the house is discovered dead in his bed, with a dagger stuck into his back. The murderer must be one of the eight women in the house at the time, and in the course of the investigations each has a tale to tell and secrets to hide. The scene opens with Suzon returning from school for Christmas break, finding her mother Gaby, her younger sister Catherine, and her wheelchair-bound grandmother Mamy in the living room, where most of the action of the film takes place. Their conversation drifts to the subject of the patriarch of the family, and Catherine leads the first song of the film, "Papa t\'es plus dans le coup" . The singing wakes up Suzon and Catherine\'s aunt Augustine, who picks arguments with the rest of the family and the two servants , eventually returning upstairs, threatening to commit suicide. Mamy jumps out of her wheelchair, trying to stop her, haphazardly explaining her ability to walk as a "Christmas miracle." Augustine is eventually calmed down, and she sings her song of longing, "Message personnel" . The maid takes the tray upstairs, finds Marcel\'s stabbed body, and screams. Catherine goes up to see what happened and locks the door. The others finally go up to Marcel\'s room to see him stabbed in the back. Catherine tells the others that they should not disturb the room until the police arrive so they re-lock the door. Realizing that the dogs have not barked the night before, it seems clear that the murderer was one of the women in the house. Attempting to call the authorities, they find that the phoneline has been cut, and they will have to go in person to the police station. However, the women are distracted by the announcement that someone is roaming in the garden, who for some reason, the guard dogs are not chasing. The person turns out to be Marcel\'s sister Pierrette, a nightclub singer who is also rumoured to be a streetwalker, and has not been allowed to the house before, due to Gaby\'s dislike for her. When questioned, she claims she received a mysterious phone call, telling her that her brother was dead; she also sings "A quoi sert de vivre libre" , commenting on her sexual freedom. It is realized that she has been to the house before, as the dogs did not bark and she knew immediately which room belonged to her brother, making her the eighth potential killer. The women try to start the car, and find that it has been sabotaged, cutting them off from help due to the snowstorm outside, until they can hitchhike to town when the weather clears. The women spend their time trying to find the murderer amongst them. It is discovered that Suzon in fact returned the night before, to tell her father in secret that she was pregnant. She sings a song to Catherine, "Mon Amour, Mon Ami" , about her lover however, she has in fact been abused by her father. We later find out that, unknown to everyone involved excluding Gaby, Suzon is not his child, and is actually the child of Gaby\'s first great love. Gaby reveals that he was killed not long after her conception and that every time she looks at Suzon, she is reminded of her love for him. Suspicion then swings to Madame Chanel, the housekeeper, whose actions the night before seem suspicious; it is revealed that she has been having an affair with Pierrette, who went to see her brother that night to ask for money to pay off her debts. When some members of the family react in outrage to the fact that she is a lesbian, Madame Chanel retreats to the kitchen, and sings "Pour ne pas vivre seul" . In the meantime we find out that Mamy, Suzon\'s and Catherine\'s "old and sick" grandmother, not only can walk but also possesses some valuable shares that could have saved Marcel from his bankruptcy. Out of greed she lied that her shares have been stolen by someone who knew where she was hiding them. The spotlight moves to Louise, the maid, who is found out to be Marcel\'s mistress. She declares, however, affection for Gaby, but also expresses disappointment in her for her weakness and indecision. She sings "Pile ou Face" , and removes the symbols of her servitude, her maid\'s cap and apron, asserting herself as an equal to the other women. Gaby sings "Toi Jamais" , about Marcel, saying that he never paid enough attention to her, while other men did; it is revealed that she had an affair with his business partner, the same man who has been having an affair with Pierrette. The two women get into a fight that turns into a make-out session on the living room floor, which the others walk in on. Eventually, Madame Chanel discovers the solution to the mystery but is silenced by a gunshot; she is not hit but goes mute with fear, but Catherine takes the lead, revealing that she had hidden in her father\'s closet, and had seen the other women all talk to Marcel the night before, and explains the mystery: Marcel had faked his own death, with her help, to see what was really going on in his house. She claims that he is now free of the other women\'s clutches, and rushes into his bedroom, only to see him shoot himself in the head, in absolute despair. Mamy ends the film with the song "Il n\'y a pas d\'amour heureux" .'] ['Billy Collier ([[Sean Hayes  is an aspiring photographer in Los Angeles who has had little artistic success and much romantic frustration. He comes up with the idea of recreating iconic screen kisses from Hollywood movies  using drag queens in the female roles. While out for coffee with his roommate Georgiana , he meets Gabriel ([[Brad Rowe , the server. That night at a party, Billy\'s friend Perry  agrees to finance Billy\'s Screen Kiss project and Billy serendipitously runs into Gabriel. Billy recruits him to model and the two develop a friendship . Billy quickly becomes infatuated with Gabriel, but cannot figure out if Gabriel is really straight; Gabriel does little to help, continually sending ambiguous signals. At Perry\'s invitation, the two attend an exhibit by photographer Rex Webster, who tries to poach Gabriel as a model . Webster offers to take Gabriel to Catalina Island for an underwear ad shoot, sparking Billy\'s jealousy. Back at Gabriel\'s place, Billy and Gabriel seem to be getting closer but their rapport is interrupted by a phone call from Gabriel\'s girlfriend Natalie. Billy shoots his first setup with Gabriel, the Lancaster-Kerr kiss. Following the shoot, Gabriel tells Billy that his relationship with Natalie is over. Billy mentions the Kinsey scale, on which Billy describes himself as a "perfect six," but Gabriel admits he does not know where on the scale he falls. Back at Billy\'s apartment, they continue to talk and drink and Gabriel asks if he can spend the night on the couch. Billy suggests that Gabriel sleep in his bed , to which Gabriel eventually agrees. When the two are in bed, Billy makes tentative overtures, to which Gabriel seems to respond initially; however, Gabriel suddenly pulls away, after which Billy apologizes and gets up to sleep on the couch. Gabriel gets the underwear modeling job and goes to Catalina. Billy follows after him to Catalina with Georgiana, who, on the rebound from her boyfriend, Andrew , hooks up with drug-addled island resident "Gundy" . Billy crashes Rex Webster\'s  underwear shoot looking for Gabriel, but does not find him. Billy eventually tracks Gabriel down at Rex\'s party later that night and the two talk on the beach. Billy relates to Gabriel how confused he was when he came out, saying, "I swore to myself that if I could ever be there for somebody, I would, so that that person wouldn\'t have to go through all the shit I went through. What I\'m trying to say is, if you\'re having problems figuring out where you stand, even if you\'re not sure of what you\'re supposed to want-" Abruptly, however, before Billy can finish, one of Gabriel\'s fellow male models walks up to them. Billy instantly realizes that the two of them are in some kind of relationship with each other and Gabriel tells Billy straightforwardly, "Billy, I\'m pretty sure what I\'m supposed to want." Gabriel tries to soften the blow, but Billy rebuffs him. Billy feels hurt and even wonders if Gabriel used him to get his modeling career off the ground. Later, Perry tries to console Billy, telling him that a few years earlier Perry had similarly fallen for someone who did not return his affections; Perry confesses that that man was Billy. The next morning, Georgiana has ditched Gundy. Billy and Georgiana then head back home. The movie ends with the opening of Billy\'s "Hollywood Screen Kiss" series exhibition in Los Angeles, which includes his photos of Gabriel. The exhibit appears to be very successful and Billy receives many congratulations from various visitors. Perry shows Billy a magazine with an underwear ad featuring Gabriel and suggests that Billy give him a call. Billy demurs, saying he needs some time away. Toward the end of the night, after his friends have gone, Billy meets a handsome young man named Joshua  who enthusiastically admires Billy\'s photographic work. It is suggested that along with his newfound artistic success, Billy may at last find romantic fulfillment as well. The film is punctuated with Billy\'s fantasy sequences of himself and Gabriel in pastiches of romantic film scenes, including the aforementioned From Here to Eternity and the films of Fred Astaire. Billy carries a Polaroid camera with him everywhere, and his reminiscences are illustrated with Polaroid photographs. The film in fact opens with such a monologue, with Billy relying on a series of Polaroids while relating how he grew up gay "in a small town in Indiana, where there\'s plenty of corn, fast cars, and straights. Lots and lots of straights. I mean, a lot." Billy\'s opening narrative demonstrates his awareness that he is in a film and breaking the fourth wall. Several scenes in the movie are backed up by classic songs of bygone times sung by notable and lesser known divas; these are lip-synced by more or less the same troupe of drag queens, a running gag throughout the film.'] ['A group of high school seniors decide to create a secret society and have fun cruising around campus, pulling pranks and having poker parties in an abandoned boiler room. However, the circle decides to escalate things, by cheating on an exam. They all get "A"\'s, but Mr. Spencer Runcie is convinced that they cheated, but just cannot prove it. The circle of friends and every other student who got an "A" are sent before an honor committee, where someone does name one name: Frazier, who is expelled. Although Runcie will not say who the rat is, the circle suspects that it is the nerdy Faulkner. His roommate and fellow circle member, Alex, who has been helping Faulkner impress a girl, Tess, with some love letters, assures his fellow circle members that Faulkner is not the rat. However, one of the circle members is convinced that Faulker is the rat, and when Faulkner is found in the river and dies soon afterwards, Alex is convinced that he was murdered by someone in the circle. His suspicions are rejected by the administration, until the police get involved, and one circle member, Jetson Harlow, is arrested, but later released. When the circle learns that Smitty was the rat, they decide to kidnap Smitty and force him to confess to the murder. Smitty does so, and confesses to having dressed up as a lady and having some type of sexual relationship with Runcie. Smitty killed Faulkner because he was convinced that Faulkner knew that he was the rat, and told Runcie about it after the fact. Runcie is wounded in a fight between him and Smitty, and the police arrive in time to arrest Smitty, and to take Runcie to the hospital. Having been able to avoid being expelled for cheating, the remaining circle of friends graduate.'] ['Olivia arrives at a finishing school and falls in love with headmistress Mlle. Julie. Mlle. Julie feels the same, but tries to suppress her desire.{{cite book}}'] ["The movie takes place in late 1920s Berlin. It opens with Paul being questioned by police about a note he had written. The scene then fades out, and the movie shows what happened. Paul, a shy virgin who is tired of being alone and heartbroken, is friends with an openly gay boy, Guenther. Paul is staying at Guenther's parents'  country home, along with his sister Hilde, over the weekend. Paul is madly in love with Hilde, although she has no interest in committing to a relationship with him. Guenther invites some people over to have an all night party, filled with alcohol, music, and sex. It is one of their last parties, since Paul and Guenther have made a suicide pact. Guenther and his sister Hilde clearly have feelings for the same boy, which complicates the brother-sister relationship. Guenther, Paul and Hilde go through a series of couplings, conversation and partying before proceeding to their parents' apartment in the city. There the drama ends with gun shots. The question is what actually happened. The film is based on a true story, the so-called Steglitz student tragedy."] ["Janosch  has problems at school and despises the lifestyle of his bourgeois mother. He runs away from home, to his friend Koma , who he had met at a holiday camp. Koma is an Oi! skinhead . He is a particular sort of skinhead who has little political motivations, preferring a lifestyle of partying and binge drinking, and whose musical tastes are a synthesis of skinhead and punk rock music. Koma's girlfriend is pregnant, and wants him to change his ways. She blows up his secret hideaway with dynamite, but this only infuriates Koma, who blames this on the punks he had gotten into a fight with previously. Meanwhile, Janosch meets Zottel , a punk who earns a living with small circus acts at wealthy people's parties. The two fall in love, but their happiness is cut short when Koma attacks Zottel and kills him. In a fit of fury, Janosch grabs a brick and slays Koma."] ['The film follows several attendees of the annual White Party in Miami, Florida. The major subjects are: * Tone, a 21 year-old from Dallas, Texas. Tone has attended several previous circuit parties and has gotten in trouble with out of control recreational drug usage. His stated goal is to become a biology teacher but despite having enough college credits to be a senior he has no major. His roommate Scott is very concerned about his drug use and has delivered an ultimatum: if he "fucks up" at the White Party he\'ll be thrown out of the house and out of his roommates\' lives. * Brandon, a 23 year-old UCLA student who\'s never been to a circuit party before. He\'s a friend of Tone\'s and they travel to the party together. Brandon is very firm in his decision not to use drugs at the party and worries that he will be ostracized at the party for his decision. *Floridians Jon, Jason and Tod. Jon is 19 years old. Jason is in his early 20s. Todd is in his mid-30s and has been out for just two and a half years and believes that he\'s "living out [the] adolescence" that as a closeted young gay person he couldn\'t. Jon and Todd have been dating for two years. Before they dated, Tod and Jason dated. Initially there was tension between Jason and Jon but now they\'re best friends. The only reason Jon agreed to attend was that Todd promised that Jon would be the focus of all of Todd\'s attention.  Brandon loses track of Tone, who\'s unconcerned as he seeks out his "circuit friends." Brandon meets Greg, his boyfriend Jeff, and some of his friends and they shop for party outfits. Greg and his group think Brandon is cool, but Brandon initially thinks Greg is a "typical shallow circuit type." As he gets to know them better he realizes that Greg  is deeper than he first thought. Jon and Todd tell of their traumatic experience with the illegal party drug GHB at a previous party. After taking a normal dose, both of them stopped breathing within 30 minutes and were hospitalized on respirators for several days.  Tone is staying sober and not having fun. He meets his friend Matt, who feeds him GHB, rationalizing that if he\'s the one dosing Tone then Matt can control and monitor his usage. Jon catches Todd "fucking around" with another man and breaks up with him on the spot. Despite having observed Jon and Todd\'s bad reactions to GHB, Jason decides to take some. He ends up passed out and Jon and Todd take care of him. Brandon stays true to his decision to stay off drugs. His fears of ostracism prove to be unfounded.  Following their return home, Jon and Todd no longer speak. Several months after the party, Brandon has met a boyfriend and brought him home to meet his mother. Tone continued to party and do drugs until he suffered a mild stroke at age 22. Scott nursed him back to health. Tone entered a rehab center and as of the release date of the film remained clean and sober.'] [" La Mujer De Mi Hermano  could be considered in a category of films that critic Alissa Quart calls 'hyperlink movies', in which multiple stories take place, each affecting the other in ways that characters are unaware of, all the while using radically different aesthetic and cinematic techniques to define the mise en scène of each storyline."] ['England, 1908: Emily Ivory  is a wealthy young woman who lives with her Aunt Agnes  at Ivory\'s End, a large country house. At 22, as her aunt constantly reminds her, she is verging on spinsterhood. She meets her brother\'s best friend, Cedric Trilling , when the two come home from university. Aunt Agnes wants the two to fall in love: Cedric, however, is a pompous bore who is overly fond of quoting Homer on all sorts of not-quite-appropriate occasions; also, he\'s a repressed homosexual. When Emily\'s aunt sees the sparks failing to fly, she whisks everyone off to Italy, then India, hoping the romantic locations will bring on love. Emily\'s eye, however, soon wanders to the family\'s new manservant, George , a sturdy peasant who, earlier in the film, had the effrontery to fling off all his clothes and save her life when she was drowning in a pond. Now, Emily can\'t seem to forget his tall, manly frame and his "ripping set of unmentionables." . With George, Emily achieves carnal fulfillment, true love, and, eventually, motherhood and marriage. Although the upper-class characters disapprove of the alliance, nobody is more scandalised than George\'s father, who keeps reminding his son that he\'s "the scum of the earth." When Emily becomes pregnant, she suggests giving the child to George\'s father; George, appalled, begs her to sell it to pirates, abandon it on a mountain, or let it be raised by wolves instead. Cedric, too, finds love with Edward , Emily\'s handsome, cheerful twit of a brother. In that era, it was "the love that dare not speak its name"; however, during Emily\'s wedding scene, Edward takes Cedric\'s arm and shouts "WE LOVE EACH OTHER!" in church. Even Aunt Agnes meets someone special - an expatriate Englishman  who owns a tea plantation in India. At the end of the film, despite class differences, sexual taboos, and age prejudice, everyone seems likely to lead happy, sexually fulfilled lives ever after.'] ["The story centers around four gay friends who have recently graduated from San Torum High School.http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Main/AnotherGayMovie Andy  is an awkward, sex-crazed character who frequently masturbates with his mother's fruits and vegetables. Jarod ([[Jonathan Chase  is a handsome and fit jock who is quite insecure. Griff  is a nerdy, well-dressed guy who is secretly in love with his best friend. Nico  is the most flamboyant, outgoing, and effeminate of the group. The four of them decide to make a pact to have sex by the end of the summer. Each boy proceeds to pursue sex in different ways, with both tragic and comedic results. Nico tries to secure an online date with a man named Ryder ([[Matthew Rush , but ends up with Muffler's grandfather . Andy pursues his long-time crush, his math teacher, Mr. Puckov , but fails; he instead ends up going threesome with Angel , a male stripper, and Beau , a baseball pitcher. Jarod seeks out fellow jocks, including Beau, but ends up dumping him in order to have sex with Griff, who tries to earn the affection of Angel; it starts out successfully, but then Griff chooses Jarod as his true love. Much of the humor comes from how awkward each boy is at romance and how naive they are about sex. Each plot backfires horribly, until the boys finally begin to change their attitudes towards sex at the end of the film."] ["It is 1963 and John Lennon flies to Barcelona with The Beatles' manager Brian Epstein for a weekend of relaxation for John. On the flight over they meet air hostess Marianne. John flirts with her and gives her their hotel telephone number. John asks Brian about gay sex and says that he thinks about it sometimes, but is put off by the thought that it would be painful. They play cards and Brian tells John he is surprised that he brought that up, that he feels awkward about it, that the situation between them is hopeless. John tells him that he finds Brian charming but does not want to have sex with him. He is angry at the thought that everyone they know thinks they are having a sexual relationship. He goes to bed and receives a telephone call from his wife, Cynthia. She says that she misses him, and John says that he misses their son, Julian. John and Brian go to a gay bar and meet a Spanish man named Quinones. John invites him back to the hotel where the three of them have drinks. Quinones is gay but married. After some friendly conversation he leaves early. Brian is angry with John, calling Quinones a fascist, and saying that nothing matters because he cannot have the one thing he wants. He goes to bed and confides in Miguel, the hotel boy. He asks Miguel for oral sex but then says he is only joking. Later he talks to his mother on the telephone. The pair look around Barcelona and John takes photographs of Brian. They discuss, among other things, John’s relationship with Cynthia, which he does not like to talk to Brian about. John has a bath and plays the harmonica. Brian enters and sits on the bath. John asks him to scrub his back with a flannel, which Brian starts doing. John starts kissing Brian, who quickly undresses and gets into the bath. They kiss a little more, then John abruptly gets out of the bath and leaves the room. Brian finds him smoking in bed. John says he is not angry but can not put into words what he is thinking. The telephone rings, it is Marianne. John tells her to come up. Brian is angry, saying that he is tired of making allowances for people. Marianne arrives and Brian leaves. Marianne asks John why Brian is upset, and they argue. She says that she can see they care about each other but she thinks John torments Brian. She has brought a new Little Richard record, which they dance to. John asks Brian about his first time in Barcelona. Brian says he was sent there by his mother a couple of years previously following an incident where he had been robbed and blackmailed by a man he met for sex. Following the trial, Brian was forced to see a psychiatrist and his mother sent him to Spain. Two months later he met the Beatles. Brian tries to get John to promise to meet him in Barcelona in 10 years, no matter what they are doing. John agrees to at least remember the arrangement. Later, Brian lies awake in bed with John sleeping next to him. Brian remembers a time when he took John to his “special place”, the roof of his family’s shop and told John how special the time they spent together was to him. Later, Brian and John plan to go to a bull fight, and John hopes he will not be too squeamish for it."] ['Eyal is an agent in Mossad, the Israeli security service. He is a hitman who targets enemies of Israel. His wife has recently committed suicide, and the agency decides that he needs to take on a less challenging assignment: to find an aging Nazi war criminal and get him "before God does". In order to track down the old man, Eyal poses as a tour guide and befriends the Nazi\'s adult grandchildren, Axel and Pia. Pia lives on a kibbutz, an Israeli commune. Her brother Axel visits her in order to convince Pia to return to Germany for their father\'s seventieth birthday. It is later revealed that Pia\'s estrangement with her parents began when she discovered that they were hiding her grandfather. She shares this information with Axel. Although he has a job to perform, Eyal truly befriends Axel and Pia. Axel and Pia are decent people who demonstrate that most Germans have gotten beyond the hatred that led to the Holocaust. They spend time together and Eyal enjoys himself, even if he would not openly admit so. His friendship with Axel allows him to display some humanity, letting down his tough-guy machismo. Eyal and Axel even take a mud bath by the Dead Sea, showering off together in the nude afterward. When the three are at dinner one night in a Tel Aviv restaurant, Axel speaks privately to the Palestinian waiter, Rafik, and finds out where the best club in town is. Later that evening, Axel, Pia, and Eyal arrive at the club. Eyal is shocked to discover that it is a gay club. He sees Axel dancing with Rafik and is taken aback. Eyal is initially disgusted and disappointed to discover that Axel is gay. He asks to be removed from the assignment, not attempting to hide his homophobia as the reason. His boss, Menachem, insists that Eyal finish the mission. Eyal visits Germany and comes to realize that Axel\'s orientation is unimportant. During the visit, Eyal defends a group of Axel\'s transsexual friends from attackers and, in doing so, reveals that he is fluent in German. He tells Axel that his parents were German, leaving out that most of the Jews in his mother\'s region of Germany had been killed by Axel\'s grandfather. Later during the visit, Eyal runs into Menachem, whose family was also killed by the grandfather\'s Nazi activities. Axel invites Eyal to his father\'s birthday party. The guests are uncomfortable about Eyal\'s nationality and religion, but still polite. After the cake is brought out, Axel\'s parents surprise the guests by bringing out Axel\'s aged grandfather. Axel angrily confronts his mother and goes to Eyal\'s room, only to find a folder full of information on Axel\'s family. Meanwhile, Eyal meets with Menachem and tells him that they can easily take the grandfather and bring him to Israel to be tried for his war crimes. Menachem reveals that they are the only two on this mission, and the aim is to kill the grandfather. Eyal is clearly conflicted, but takes the case of poisons that Menachem gives him. Eyal arrives at Axel\'s house and enters the grandfather\'s room, unbeknownst to all but Axel. Axel sneaks up behind Eyal and watches as he fills a syringe with poison, doing nothing to intervene. Ultimately, though, Eyal is unable to fulfill the task. He leaves, and Axel tenderly caresses his grandfather\'s face before turning off his oxygen tank, killing him. He goes to Eyal\'s room, where Eyal tells him that the suicide note his wife wrote told him that he kills everything that comes near him. Eyal says that he doesn\'t want to kill anymore and breaks down in Axel\'s arms. The story jumps ahead 2 years. Eyal and Pia are married with a child named Tom and living on the Kibbutz. Eyal and Axel remain good friends.'] ["In this 10-minute film short, Algie Allmore is given only one year to prove that he's the man to marry Harry Lyons' daughter."] ["La Cucina is a brief slice of life that is set in present day Los Angeles, on a hot summer evening in a West Hollywood apartment building. An intimate character study, it focuses on 3 couples and their very different relationships over food & wine. A young writer, Lily  goes on an emotional rollercoaster with the much older  and sophisticated Michael . They navigate through a web of exploration on marriage, cheating, babies, and entrapment. In the kitchen above, the very pregnant Shelly  is terrified that becoming a mother will drive away her husband and has turned for advice to her lesbian friend Jude , sure that this magnificent cook who has been in a long-term relationship has it all figured out. It is revealed that Shelly has her own secrets that fuel her fear and Jude's relationship may not be exactly as it appears. They struggle through—fighting, laughing, crying, cooking & eating—trying to work out what really makes relationships work."] ['Detective Catherine Palmer  is on the trail of an elusive serial killer. During her investigation she meets Vickie Kittrie , who belongs to an exclusive club of women who engage in secret sessions of bondage and S&M. Matters become even more complicated when Palmer finds herself attracted to Kittrie, leading to a brief lesbian encounter. Palmer soon learns that each victim belonged to this club of prominent, sexually experimental women. In order to catch the killer, Catherine must trust Vickie to guide her through the dangerous and illicit underground.'] ["The film is about two teenage runaways, Nicky Marotta  from a poor family and Pamela Pearl  from a rich family, living in New York City. After escaping from a hospital , Nicky and Pamela link up with sympathetic disc jockey Johnny LaGuardia . The two girls form an underground punk rock band, The Sleez Sisters, and become a hit with the city's disillusioned youth after broadcasting their volatile songs and speeches on LaGuardia's radio station. The climax of the film features all the fans of The Sleez Sisters congregating in the streets of New York's Times Square for a rooftop concert."] ['Emmanuel  is a gay hustler living with his lover, the filmmaker Omar  outside Paris. After a quarrel between the two, Emmanuel is left brokenhearted to fend for himself as Omar makes his way to Manhattan. The film separately follows the two men, discovering how their heartbreak gives way to fresh outlooks and doleful acceptance.'] ['The film follows Joan Rivers for 14 months, mostly during the 76th year of her life.<ref nameA Comic’s Life and Times: Enter Talking or Mocking|url16 May 2012|newspaper10 June 2010}} The film made an effort to "[peel] away the mask" and expose the "struggles, sacrifices and joy of living life as a ground breaking female performer."'] ['Mick  and Kev  spend a late afternoon near railroad tracks by the seaside where Mick teaches Kev how to "shotgun" beer for reasons then unknown to the viewer. He observes that Kev is "a bit of a wuss" after he fails to replicate the proper shotgunning technique and calls for Kev to come sit close to him for a test of courage, the knife game, which involves stabbing a knife between outstretched fingers at an ever-faster rate. The game is usually played with one person\'s hand at a time and as a gesture of what may be seen as self-sacrifice, Mick puts his hand over Kev\'s in order to shield Kev\'s hand from the brunt of an injury should it occur. When a train speeds by them, Mick accidentally cuts Kev and himself very slightly with the knife. They clasp each other\'s hands tightly and Mick, who suddenly seems very insecure and in need of affection is lovingly embraced by Kev, who perhaps has known all along why Mick brought him here. A single screen of credits appears, then the film ends with a brief shot of the two in silhouette, standing apart, watching the sun set over the ocean.'] ["Two childhood friends are reunited after many years and discover their feelings for one another have taken a new turn in this drama, the first feature film from writer and director Adaora Nwandu. Raymond , known to his friends as Rag, was born in England to parents who were expatriates from the West Indies, and as a child his best mate was Tagbo , or Tag for short, whose folks were émigrés from Nigeria. When Rag was sent to live with foster parents, he and Tag lost touch with one another, and went on to live different lives as adults—Rag has left behind a girlfriend and child in the North of England to move to London, where he's ended up on the wrong side of law, while Tag has graduated with honors from law school and is looking for work while dating Olivia , a white political activist. By chance, Rag and Tag meet again one day, and despite their differences they soon become fast friends again. Rag and Tag seem to understand one another on a level others do not, and when Tag brings Rag along for a business trip to Nigeria, their friendship moves to the next level and they become lovers. ~ Mark Deming, All Movie Guide"] ["A short film with no spoken dialogue, Boy Meets Boy depicts the relationship between Min-soo  and Seok-i ([[Lee Hyun-Jin . The two come face-to-face in a bus after Min-soo drops a roll of film, which rolls to Seok-i's foot.Seok-i then picks it up and Min-soo sets out to retrieve it,there is an instant spark through their silent gazes and then electrric chemistry is visible . Min-soo gets off the bus after it arrives at a stop, expecting Seok-i to have followed behind.However he is disappointed to find out that he was not being followed by anyone. A fairy  appears and gives Min-soo advice on love through a song. It is revealed through flashbacks that Seok-i has in fact been following Min-soo with the intention of giving him back his camera, which was stolen when Seok-i and his friends mugged him. As Seok-i walks away, Min-soo runs after him and they embrace."] ['Belgian teenager, Angela , who is skilled at drawing, meets, and subsequently falls in love, with an attractive Japanese DJ. Encouraged by him, she goes to Japan to work at an exclusive club for rich businessmen, who like to meet with young blonde women. From the start, the film is surreal with unique characters, clear and sharp cinematography, and slow panning camera work. Manga drawings are also used to enhance the plot and ambiance. Angela seeks work at the aforementioned club and, after having been begrudgingly let in, she is met with derision by the other girls working there. However, despite having spurned some of the other girls, she soon proves to be a favourite among the patrons by pretending to be a Lolita-style 15-year-old to please the businessmen. The plot has a sinister undertone of the possibility of murder of a girl, Larissa, whom Angela has replaced. As the film goes on, we learn Larissa was possibly murdered, not by Japanese men in search of sick sexual fantasy fulfillment, but at the envious and jealous hands of her workmates. In the last scenes we learn Larissa lives and, furthermore, this is when Angela is heralded with the contract to be a Manga artist.'] ["The film tells the story of Imri, who at 19 goes to live in Tel Aviv, but dreams of moving to Japan. Through his relationships and encounters and in diverse cinematic tools, we are introduced to the young man's life. An exploration of living in the exotic city of Tel Aviv is presented through a hero who is himself in the midst of exploring his own choice of an exotic place. A unique correlation is formed between the hero's misconception of Japan and ours of him. The movie was constructed by both improvised and pre-scripted scenes, as required by the nature of each scene."] ["Gay actor Martin Kurath  who is in prison develops a friendship with Thomas Manzoni , the 15-year-old son of the prison warden . The two fall in love and they both yearn for Kurath's release. This triggers intense indignation in their surroundings. After Kurath is released a year later, Thomas accompanied by Kurath, tells his parents he is a homosexual. His father tells him to leave and never return. Kurath and Thomas move in together and Thomas enrolls in school. Thomas' father, however, then has him arrested and condemned to a brutal reformatory. Kurath obtains a fake passport and poses as a psychology doctoral candidate and helps Thomas escape with him to Germany. They are betrayed by a German homosexual friend of Kurath's who insists, in Kurath's absence, that Thomas become his lover in order to obtain a German residency permit. Thomas does so, but then refuses to sleep with the betrayer, is kicked out and prostitutes himself. Broken by these experiences, he voluntarily returns to the reformatory. When he reaches 21 and is released, he is so psychologically damaged that, despite reunion with Kurath, he attempts suicide and is committed to a psychiatric hospital. He escapes and the film ends with a TV announcement that the police are looking for him and that the public should, if approaching him, treat him gently, as he is very depressed and confused."] ['With the slogan "If you could go back... what would you say to the one you loved", Ciao  tells the story of two men who form an unlikely bond when a mutual friend named Mark  dies unexpectedly in a car crash in Dallas Mark\'s best friend Jeff  is left with the task of going through Mark\'s stuff and informing relatives and friends of his death. While going through Mark\'s e-mails to let people know about his passing, Jeff discovers that Mark had been corresponding with an Italian man named Andrea , who has already planned a trip to fly to Dallas and to visit Mark for the first time without knowing he has actually died. Jeff invites Andrea to come to Texas anyway and stay with him for two days at his place. Ciao portrays these two days where the two bereaved friends one from Dallas and the other from Italy meet and talk mostly about Mark and the impact he had on both of them in a close, personal and frank manner. Through these intimate conversations, the two men form a rapport that grows, and they are soon drawn together both by their connection with the deceased Mark, and by a growing intimacy with each other. Andrea has to leave at the end of his 2-day stay, but invites Jeff to come to Italy for a visit at some later date.'] ["Art student Perry  befriends an elderly homeless man named Bruce Nugent ([[Roger Robinson , who turns out to have been an important figure in the Harlem Renaissance. Through recalling his friendships with other important Harlem Renaissance figures Langston Hughes , Aaron Douglas, Wallace Thurman and Zora Neale Hurston, Bruce chronicles some of the challenges he faced as a young, black, gay writer in the 1920s. Perry discovers that the challenges of homophobia and racism he faces in the early 21st century closely parallel Bruce's."] ['The film presents life of a number of individuals who live in London\'s Soho area in their quest for their "Mr. Right". One of the highlights of the film is when all the characters gather for an excruciatingly awkward and hilarious dinner party at which wine and secrets are spilled.Frameline: Films - Mr. Right *Harry  is a TV producer but dreams to get way. He loves Alex , an aspiring yet insecure actor who also works as a caterer. Meanwhile Alex is struggling to create an identity for himself and decides to live independently through monetary help from his brother despite Harry wanting him back *Tom ([[David Morris  is a successful art dealer who is in a precarious relationship with Lars , a handsome sometime-model. Tom finds excuses for Lars\' flings so long as Lars doesn\'t leave him. Meanwhile Lars has this attraction to Harry and can\'t get over his feelings *William  a divorced former rugby player finds it difficult very difficult to parent his nine-year-old daughter Georgie while trying to get on a new relationship with Lawrence , a striving soap actor. Their relationship is complicated as Georgie is intent on sabotaging his relationship. *Louise , a fag hag, is dating Paul , but suspects Paul is gay. Paul is slowly but surely getting drawn into the gay scene, despite visibly and verbally protesting every step of the way. By the end of the film three months later, the characters are still striving to make new paths for themselves. Harry is appealing for Alex, now in a small studio residence to return, but the latter turns him gently down despite having feelings for him. Things are much better between William and Lawrence as Georgie becomes more accepting of their relationship. Things have soured between Lars and William. Devastated Lars catches Harry while the latter has just packed to leave everything behind for his long-planned trip away from his dreaded work. Meanwhile Paul is getting more and more into the gay scene despite putting a brave face that he is still straight.'] ["{{Plot}} The story starts out with the regular lives of three friends - Dave ([[Barry Watson , Adam , and Doofer  - who are head Social Committee in a frat house called KOK . The KOK are known for throwing heavy parties and socially discriminating the members of the sorority DOG  who regularly protest the actions of the KOK. The three are then falsely accused of stealing money from the fraternity, which goes towards the end of the year 'KOK-tail Cruise' at the end of the semester, which guarantees them a spot at a very high paying company no matter how low their IQ is. Dave and his friends are kicked out of the house as a result. The three realize that the proof they need to prove their innocence is on a video tape still in the KOK house. In order to infiltrate the house, the three follow Doofer's plan of dressing up as women  to get inside. They are however unsuccessful as someone else has moved into their room, one that develops a crush on Adina . Then they are thrown out of the house when they are mistaken for being members of 'DOG'. Thrown onto the DOG's doorstep, they are immediately accepted by the group for being 'plus-sized' girls. Since there is free room and board to those who pledge for the first semester at DOG, they decide to pledge to hide out for a while. While the boys deal with the hardships of being women, they are subjugated to all kinds of abuse from a fellow sorority, the 'Tri-Pis' . They also have to figure out a way of getting the tape back. While Adina  tries to seduce a fellow KOK brother Jimmy to get the tape, Daisy  is falling for the DOG president Leah. Daisy  and Leah meet on the first night when Daisy gets up in the middle of the night to take a shower thinking he/she will be alone and he can shower as a man. His/her relationship gets in the way of Adam/Adina's attempt to get the tape back. The DOG's end up on the KOK - Tail Cruise after they win the powder puff football game against the tri pi's which includes a ticket on the ship. While on the ship Dave/Daisy needs to get out of his/her dress so he can meet with John Claus and get a job in his company. While he/she is going to get out of his/her dress, he/she walks by Leah who asks Daisy to dance with her. During their dance, Leah tells Daisy that she knows it is hard for Daisy to accept a lesbian relationship and she says it is hard for her too, but she is willing to commit if Daisy is. They start kissing and then Daisy tells Leah that she has decided to move back to Minnesota. The movie reaches its climax when the guys' true identity are revealed to the KOKs and DOGs, before they reveal that they were indeed innocent of stealing the money and the perpetrator  is punished. The DOGs finally get revenge on the Tri-Pi's as well as the boys  get reinstated into KOK. Dave makes things up with Leah as Dave and not Daisy, and the KOK try to make themselves better men. Adam is instated as president, and many of the KOK guys are now dating the DOG girls while the Cruel Tri-Pi's are still floating out in the ocean in a raft they were put on when the DOG's kicked them off the KOK cruise.http://themoviespoiler.com/Spoilers/sororityboys.html"] ["Marc has inherited the house of his late aunt on the Côte d'Azur and takes the family there on for their summer holiday, leaving their home in Paris. Charly, who has never had a girlfriend, is thought to be gay by his parents and Martin, who is gay, is also staying with them. Béatrix's lover Mathieu arrives in the village and manages to sneak opportunities to be with her. When Martin goes out one night to the local gay cruising area - an old fort on a nearby hillside - Charly follows him and meets Didier. After realising he isn't gay he calls Didier for help when the hot water stops working. Didier then meets Marc and they realise how much they missed each other from when Marc used to visit the area in his youth. Throughout everyone eats lots of fruits de mer, especially Sea Violets. At the end everyone sings a song called 'Fruits de Mer', each with their preferred partner."] ['In 1952, Ed Wood is struggling to join the film industry. Upon hearing of an announcement in Variety that producer George Weiss is trying to purchase Christine Jorgensen\'s life story, Ed is inspired to meet Weiss in person. Weiss explains that Varietys announcement was a news leak, and it is impossible to purchase Jorgensen\'s rights. The producer decides to \'fictionalize\' the film titled I Changed My Sex!, and "do it without the shemale". One day, Ed meets his longtime idol Béla Lugosi, after spotting him trying out a casket. Ed drives Béla home and the two become friends. Later, Ed decides to star Béla in the film and convinces Weiss that he is perfect to direct I Changed My Sex! because he is a transvestite. Ed and Weiss argue over the film\'s title: Weiss has already had the poster printed, which Ed changes to Glen or Glenda. The shoot finishes on Glen or Glenda, and Ed is enthusiastic that he starred, directed, wrote and produced his own film just like his hero Orson Welles did when he made Citizen Kane. Glen or Glenda is released to critical and financial failure. Ed is unsuccessful in getting a job at Warner Bros., a producer there tells him Glen or Glenda is the worst film he has ever seen, but Ed\'s girlfriend, Dolores Fuller, tells him that he is not "studio material", and that he should find independent backers for his next film, Bride of the Monster. Ed is unsuccessful in finding money for Bride of the Monster, but is introduced to the psychic The Amazing Criswell. At a bar, Ed meets Loretta King, who he thinks has enough money to fund Bride of the Monster. Filming begins, but is halted. Ed convinces meat packing industry tycoon Don McCoy to take over funding the film. McCoy does so, but on the condition that the film ends with a giant nuclear explosion, and that his son Tony, who "is a little slow", is the leading man. The filming of Bride of the Monster finishes, but Dolores and Ed break up after the wrap party, because of Ed\'s circle of friends and transvestism. Also, Béla, who is revealed to be highly depressed and a morphine addict, attempts to conduct a double suicide with Ed, but is talked out of it. Béla checks himself into rehab, and Ed finds love when he meets Kathy O\'Hara, who is visiting her father at the same hospital. Ed takes her on a date and reveals to her his transvestism, which she accepts. Ed begins to shoot a film with Béla outside his home. When Ed and company attend the premiere for Bride of the Monster, an angry mob chases them out of the theater. Sometime later, Béla dies leaving Ed without a star. Ed convinces a church leader named Reynolds that funding Ed\'s script for "Grave Robbers from Outer Space" would result in a box office success, and generate enough money for Reynolds\' dream project . Dr. Tom Mason, Kathy\'s chiropractor, is chosen to be Béla\'s stand-in. However, Ed and the Baptists begin having conflicts over the title and content of the script which they want to have changed to Plan 9 from Outer Space along with Ed\'s B movie directing style, his casting decisions and his transvestism. This causes a distressed Ed to leave the set and immediately take a taxi to the nearest bar, where he encounters his idol Orson Welles. Welles tells Ed that "visions are worth fighting for", and filming for Plan 9 finishes with Ed taking action against his producers. The film ends with the premiere of Plan 9, and Ed and Kathy taking off to Las Vegas, Nevada to get married.'] ['Sandusky, Ohio, 1984: Eric Hunter is a Eurythmics-obsessed, musically driven teenager coming to terms with his sexual identity. When Eric and his best friend, Maggie, accept summer jobs in food service at the local amusement park, they befriend their lesbian manager, Angie, and a gay college student named Rod. Sparks fly between the two boys, even as Maggie waits patiently in the wings for Eric\'s affections. Eric and Rod eventually go on a date, but then Rod promptly heads back to Ohio State. The encounter leaves Eric to have mixed feelings, but he is now more sure of his sexuality. After beginning his senior year of high school, Eric starts to change up his appearance by letting Maggie dye the top half of his hair blonde, and wearing more effeminate clothes. This raises eyebrows with his loving parents, but Eric learns that his mom is going to get a job to help send him to study music in New York. While at a party with Maggie, several guys from their school call Eric gay slurs that cause him to leave. Later that night, Eric ventures out to the local gay disco "The Universal", a hopping joint run by none other than his old boss, Angie, who tells him not to worry about what everyone else thinks. He dances with a guy who takes him out to his car where the guy gives Eric a rim job, but then leaves shortly afterwards. Stung by a meaningless sexual experience, he calls Rod, who at first seems happy to hear from him, but them tells Eric that he probably shouldn\'t call him anymore. Eric then goes to Maggie\'s house where he finally tells her that he is gay. Maggie does not seem to be that surprised since she suspected Eric\'s relationship with Rod, but she comforts him nevertheless. Eric starts visiting the bar frequently, where he feels accepted by Angie and her close circle of friends. While waiting to meet up with Maggie one night, Eric clicks with a local college student named Jonathan. When Maggie finally comes to the club, she is heckled by Angie\'s friends for being Eric\'s "fag hag", and leaves. He follows Maggie, but she is really upset at Eric for previously leading her on. Eric goes back to the club to find Jonathan, only to discover that he is already gone. He goes to the Ohio State dorms in hopes of finding him, but decides to find Rod instead. They go back to Rod\'s room where they end up having sex for the first time. Eric is shown to be uncomfortable during it, and leaves after Rod falls asleep. When Eric goes home, he is ambushed by his mother, Bonnie, about his recent behavior and appearance, and says that people are getting the wrong idea about him. Eric leaves, and goes to see Angie. While at her house, Angie explains to Eric that it\'s difficult to accept yourself for who you really are, and that he should give himself some time. He reconciles with Maggie in order to have a normal heterosexual relationship, but quickly realizes that it was a mistake after sleeping together. Crestfallen at his rejection and his willingness to toy with her affections, Maggie ends the friendship. After she leaves, Eric\'s mother confronts him about a pair of matches she found in his clothes that were from the bar. He quickly denies ever going to the Universal, and leaves. When Eric finally comes home, he finds his mother playing on the piano. He comes out to her; feeling a weight being lifted off his shoulders. The film ends with Eric going back to the bar just as Angie begins to sing.'] ["In 1984, in Kiev, schoolteacher Andrej Romanovich Evilenko  is dismissed from his position after attempting to molest a student. Driven by his psychopathic urges and embittered by the collapse of the Soviet Union, Evilenko begins to rape, kill and cannibalize women and children. It is hinted throughout the movie that Evilenko somehow gained the power to psychically influence his victims, which accounts for their lack of resistance and his continuous evasion of the authorities. Vadim Timurouvic Lesiev , a magistrate and family man, is assigned to catch the serial killer. For years, Evilenko eludes Lesiev and psychiatrist Aron Richter , who is assigned to profile the killer. Richter eventually finds Evilenko with a little girl and manages to break Evilenko's hypnotic hold on her, but is killed by Evilenko in retaliation; the girl, while it appears to Evilenko that she is run over by a train, escapes alive. Almost eight years later, Lesiev finally captures Evilenko, who by now has killed 55 people, mostly children and young women. On 22 May 1992, Evilenko goes to court and, on 14 February 1994, he is finally executed. Before his execution, several governments have expressed interest in Evilenko's psychic abilities and asked for extradition of Evilenko – alive – but were denied."] ["The story involves an unusual love triangle: a straight gigolo , his lesbian best friend , and her former lover, an attractive bisexual woman . Lynch is desperate to win Fenn back and Baldwin volunteers to break Fenn's heart to convince her that heterosexual relationships are inferior to lesbian ones. The hope is that the disaster will cause her to return to Lynch. Neither counts on Baldwin having feelings for Fenn nor expects her to discover the trick."] ['The city of Athens is at war with a terrifying gigantic moussaka accidentally produced when an ordinary serving is hit by a ray from an alien space ship.'] ['Due to an administrative error two male college students, the shy and intellectual Eddy  and the All-American jock Stuart , end up with a female roommate. The university thought that Alex  was a man  and thus the three students are forced to live with each other until the university can move Alex to a female residence hall. Alex falls in love and tries unsuccessfully to seduce Eddy; Stuart is in love with Alex, and Eddy falls in love with Stuart. The trio become good friends and scare off anyone who tries to seduce the other. Eventually, Alex, Stuart and Eddy agree to have an actual threesome that seems to destroy the friendship, and raises the possibility that Alex might have become pregnant. After the threesome, they start to drift apart. Three weeks later the semester ends and Alex moves to an apartment. The next year Eddy gets a single dorm with no roommates and the three continue to drift apart. Eddy  eventually finds a boyfriend, Stuart finds happiness in a monogamous relationship with a woman, and Alex remains single. While they drifted apart, only to see each other for lunch occasionally, they do not seem to regret the friendship they had while in college.'] ["Lester Burnham  is a middle-aged magazine writer who despises his job. His wife, Carolyn , is an ambitious real-estate broker; their sixteen-year-old daughter, Jane , abhors her parents and has low self-esteem. The Burnhams' new neighbors are retired United States Marine Corps Colonel Frank Fitts ([[Chris Cooper  and his introverted wife, Barbara ; their teenage son, Ricky , is a secret marijuana smoker and drug dealer whom the colonel subjects to a strict disciplinarian lifestyle. Ricky, who had been forced into a military academy and mental hospital, spends time recording his surroundings with a camcorder; he keeps dozens of taped videos in his bedroom. Lester becomes infatuated with Jane's cheerleader friend, Angela Hayes , after seeing her perform a half-time dance routine at a high school basketball game. He begins to have sexual fantasies about Angela, during which red rose petals are a recurring motif. Carolyn begins an affair with a business rival, Buddy Kane . When Lester is about to be laid off his job, he blackmails his boss for $60,000 and quits, taking employment serving fast food. He buys his dream car  and starts working out after he overhears Angela tell Jane that she would find him sexually attractive if he improved his physique. He begins smoking marijuana bought from Ricky and flirts with Angela whenever she visits Jane. Jane becomes involved with Ricky and they bond over what Ricky considers the most beautiful imagery he has filmed: a plastic bag dancing in the wind."] ['After entering a local "drag queen of the year" contest in New York City, Noxeema Jackson  and Vida Boheme  win a trip to Hollywood to take part in an even bigger, national drag queen contest. Before they depart, Vida persuades Noxeema to take along the inexperienced \'drag princess\' Chi-Chi Rodriguez  as their protégé . To do this, they trade in their airplane tickets for cash and buy a stylish but old Cadillac convertible with money given to them by John Jacob Jingleheimer Schmidt . The three of them set off for Los Angeles by car, carrying with them an iconic photo of Julie Newmar  that Vida purloined from a restaurant wall. While on the road they are pulled over by the racist, homophobic Sheriff Dollard , who tries to force himself onto Vida. He discovers Vida is not biologically female and, in the commotion, Dollard falls backwards and is knocked unconscious. The trio think he is dead, and they hurry off and leave him behind. As they recover from the incident at a rest stop, their car breaks down. A young man, Bobby Ray  from the nearby small town of Snydersville, happens by and gives them a ride, where they take refuge in a bed and breakfast owned by Carol Ann  and her abusive car repairman husband, Virgil . The drag queens become stranded in the town for the weekend as they wait for the replacement part for their car to arrive. While there, they are confronted by the town\'s small-mindedness, though it focuses not on their Genderqueer identities, but rather on their status as females, which addresses the social difficulties faced by those who are not white heterosexual males. Chi-Chi is harassed by a group of roughnecks, but is saved by Bobby Ray. The drag queens are ecstatic to find vintage fashions from the 1960s in the town\'s clothing store and give the town\'s female residents  a make-over. Following their make-over, the group is abused by the same roughnecks that attempted to attack Chi-Chi. Fed up, Noxeema handles the situation in a typically New York manner and teaches their ringleader a lesson in manners. Vida, Noxeema, and Chi-Chi do what they can to be positive, and they set out to improve the lives of the townspeople, including offering assistance in organizing the annual "Strawberry Social" event. Meanwhile, Sheriff Dollard is ridiculed by his colleagues, who believe he was beat up by a girl. He goes in search of the drag queens. Vida, meanwhile, becomes acutely aware of Carol Ann\'s abuse at the hands of her husband Virgil and, shortly thereafter, the three queens overhear Virgil giving Carol Ann another beating. Vida decides to intervene and beats up Virgil before throwing him out of the house. The next day, Virgil runs into Sheriff Dollard at a bar and the two realize that the newcomers to town are the same people Dollard has been searching for. They head back to Snydersville, and Dollard demands that the townspeople turn over the drag queens. However, the townspeople, who now realize the biological gender of their new friends, begin to protect them. One by one they step up and confront Dollard, each one claiming to be a drag queen (in similar fashion as in the film [[Spartacus . Dollard is humiliated and flees. The Strawberry Social commences with everyone dressed in vibrant red outfits for the party. Shortly after, Carol Ann repairs their car and the three queens are finally able to leave Snydersville, though they are now slightly saddened to leave behind their new friends. Carol Ann reveals to Vida that she knew Vida was a drag queen all along due to her Adam\'s Apple, which cisgender women do not have. In honor of their friendship, Vida gives Carol Ann the photo of Julie Newmar that has accompanied the queens on their trip. The trio eventually makes it to Los Angeles where Chi-Chi, after having received many tips from Vida and Noxeema during their ordeal, wins the title of Drag Queen of the Year. Fittingly, the crown is presented by Julie Newmar herself.'] ['The Lion in Winter is set during Christmas 1183, at King Henry II\'s château and primary residence in Chinon, Anjou, within the Angevin Empire of medieval France. Henry wants his youngest son Prince John  to inherit his throne, while his estranged wife Queen Eleanor of Aquitaine  favours their oldest surviving son Prince Richard the Lionheart  as heir. Meanwhile, King Philip II of France, the son and successor of Louis VII of France, Eleanor\'s ex-husband, has given his half-sister Alais, who is currently Henry\'s mistress, to the future heir, and demands either a wedding or the return of her dowry.  As a ruse, Henry agrees to give Alais to Richard and make him heir-apparent. He makes a side deal with Eleanor for her freedom in return for Aquitaine, to be given to John. When the deal is revealed at the wedding, Richard refuses to go through with the ceremony. Having believed Henry\'s intentions, John, at the direction of middle brother Prince Geoffrey, Duke of Brittany , plots with Philip to make war on England. Henry and Phillip meet to discuss terms, but Henry soon learns that Phillip has been plotting with John and Geoffrey, and that he and Richard were once lovers. Henry dismisses all three sons as unsuitable, and locks them in the dungeon. He makes plans to travel to Rome for an annulment, so that he can have new sons with Alais, but she says he will never be able to release his sons from prison or they will be a threat to his future children. Henry sees that she is right and condemns them to death, but cannot bring himself to kill them, instead letting them escape. He and Eleanor go back to hoping for the future, with Eleanor going back on the barge to prison, laughing it off with Henry before she leaves. Although the background and the eventual destinies of the characters are historically accurate, The Lion in Winter is fictional; none of the dialogue or action is historical. Although there was a Christmas court at Caen in 1182, there was no Christmas Court at Chinon in 1183. In reality, Henry had many mistresses and many illegitimate children; the "Rosamund" mentioned in the film was his mistress until she died. The article on the Revolt of 1173–1174 describes the historical events leading to the play\'s events. As a matter of historical record, Richard the Lionheart succeeded Henry II, and was followed by John.'] ["This film is set in Goa between 1986 and 1994. Nikhil Kapoor  is the state all round swimming champion. His father Navin Kapoor  has raised his son to be a sports man, a dream that he never achieved for himself. His elder sister Anamika  teaches in a primary school and loves him dearly. His mother Anita Rosario Kapoor  adores him and from her he inherited his artistic side to his personality. After Nikhil is diagnosed with HIV his life falls apart. He is removed from the swimming team and his parents throw him out of their house. One day he is arrested because he is HIV positive. He is kept in forced isolation by law as the Goa Public Health Act allowed the government to isolate HIV positive people. His parents desert him and his friends move away. The only two people who stand by him are his sister Anamika and his friend Nigel. Despite facing threats from the community, Anamika and Nigel are able to secure his release with the help of a lawyer. Nikhil is unable to find a job at first, but then becomes a music teacher. Anamika and Nigel start an AIDS assistance organization called Positive People. As Nikhil develops AIDS he is reconciled with his mother and finally his father. After Nikhil's death, his parents begin to treat Nigel like a son."] ['The story opens in the 1950s, after the Korean War; it has been more than a decade since James Whale, director of Frankenstein and Bride of Frankenstein, has retired. He lives with his long-time housemaid, Hanna, who loyally cares for him but disapproves of his homosexuality. Whale has suffered a series of strokes that have left him fragile and tormented by memories: growing up as a poor outcast, his tragic World War I service, and the filming of The Bride of Frankenstein. Whale slips into his past, and indulges in his fantasies, reminiscing about gay pool parties and also tormenting a starstruck fan who comes to interview him. Whale battles depression, at times contemplating suicide, as he realizes his life, his attractiveness, and his health are slipping away. Whale befriends his young, handsome gardener and former Marine, Clayton Boone and the two begin a sometimes uneasy friendship as Boone poses for Whale\'s sketches. The two men bond while discussing their lives and dealing with Whale\'s spells of disorientation and weakness from the strokes. Boone, impressed with Whale\'s fame, watches The Bride of Frankenstein on TV as his friends mock the movie, his friendship with Whale, and Whale\'s intentions. Boone assures Whale that he is straight and receives assurance from Whale that there is no sexual interest, but Boone storms out when Whale graphically discusses his sexual history. Boone later returns with the agreement that no such "locker room" discussions occur again. Boone is invited to escort Whale to a party hosted by George Cukor for Princess Margaret. There, a photo op has been arranged for Whale with "his Monsters": Boris Karloff and Elsa Lanchester from "ancient" movie fame. This event exacerbates his depression. A sudden rain storm becomes an excuse to leave. Back at Whale\'s home, Boone needs a dry change of clothes. Whale can only find a sweater, so Boone wears a towel wrapped around his waist. Whale decides to try to sketch Boone one more time. After some minutes, he shows his sketches to Boone, disclosing that he has lost his ability to draw. Boone drops his towel to pose nude. Whale uses the opportunity to make a sexual advance on Boone. Boone becomes enraged and attacks Whale, who confesses that this had been his plan and begs Boone to kill him to relieve him of his suffering. Boone refuses, puts Whale to bed, then sleeps downstairs. The next morning, Hanna is alarmed when she can\'t find Whale, prompting a search by Boone and Hanna. Boone finds Whale floating dead in the pool, as a distraught Hanna runs out clutching a suicide note. Boone and Hanna agree that Boone should disappear from the scene to avoid a scandal. The film closes roughly a decade later as Boone and his young son, Michael, watch The Bride of Frankenstein on television. The son is skeptical of the claim that his father knew Whale, but Clayton produces a sketch of the Frankenstein monster drawn by Whale, and signed, "To Clayton. Friend?" "Friend?", being a plea from the original misfit, Frankenstein\'s monster, and disclosing Whale\'s true intentions.'] ['Barcelona is the scenario for eleven entwined stories sharing the same characters. The movie deals with a variety of intimate relationships, portraying characters who have to experience intense emotions which cannot be materialised in caresses. Connections explored include several different family and romantic relationships across different genders, ages and generations. A recurring theme is the irony of how difficult communication can be, even when there is close contact. Partial expression, instincts vs. emotions and physical communication all play a part.'] ["25-year-old Gypsy Vale  and 18-year-old Clive Webb  are two goths living in Sandusky, Ohio. Gypsy's parents, Ray ([[John Doe  and Velvet , once were in a band together, and Gypsy now aspires to be a famous singer, like her idol, Stevie Nicks. She is hesitant, because of the disappearance of her mother, to leave her father alone in Sandusky to pursue her dreams. While checking updates on a Stevie Nicks fansite, Clive discovers the Night of a Thousand Stevies event in New York. After a long and heated discussion with Gypsy, she reveals that her mother didn't just disappear, or die: she left to follow her dream of becoming a famous singer. Despite this, Clive finally convinces Gypsy to go to New York. Along the way, Gypsy and Clive encounter a diverse host of characters and obstacles. They miss the auditions for the Night of a Thousand Stevies, and Gypsy learns that her mother committed suicide four years earlier. The sympathetic Mistress of Ceremonies, also her mother's best friend when she was in New York, allows Gypsy to perform a song she wrote for her mother at the end of the show. In the end, Gypsy stays in New York to pursue her musical aspirations like her mother, and Clive returns to Sandusky to finish high school but plans to come back to New York after he graduates."] ['The film\'s storyline has a young man rearing his head in Montreal\'s club milieu, claiming not to remember a thing about his past or who he is. Discovered by local drag diva Sheena Hershey  and scenestress Scarlet VJ , this young amnesiac is soon dubbed "Sean" and taken under wing by the club-junkie duo. Hoping to jar his memory, they take him on a tour of Montreal\'s club scene, introducing him to various characters along the way; Touma\'s cast includes numerous authentic night life figures, among them drag fixtures Mado and Madame Simone. The press kit describes it this way: "Saved by the Belles" stars fags and hags, blonde bimbos, label whores, sugar daddies, club kids, biceps builders, leathers and feathers, funky junkies, freaks and geeks, sex addicts, chupa chicks, lube monsters, pimply pimps, weight watchers, nympho virgins, mingle singles, glowstick ravers, cheap strippers, wannabe actors, guestlist leftovers, glittery debutantes, kinky grannies, impotent hustlers, baggy-eyed scenesters, size queen cupids, self-taught porn stars, air miles jetsetters, showgirls, smoking players, bendable bisexuals and mama\'s toys.Matthew Hays in Montreal Mirror article: "Night and the City"'] ['Jordan  owns a cinema in Italy, named Splendor. Chantal  is his wife and cashier. Luigi  is the projectionist. This film is about the cinema and the films that are shown on the screen. But people stop going to films...'] ['The film touches on race relations, incest, drugs, and growing up gay in the American South. A recent New York City transplant, Sequan Greene  has been sent to live in Alabama after the recent death of his mother. He is brutally raped by his cousin Michael Wilis . It becomes clear that Michael also is gay - a victim as well as a victimizer. He says, "I can’t be a faggot ...You’re the faggot. You’re my faggot." Sequan is also bullied and beaten up at school. Sequan soon finds a friend in Lori Anderson , the girlfriend of drug dealer/basketball player Ahmed Robins . Lori is the town\'s "bad girl" who has a heart of gold. Although she freebases, snorts coke throughout the school day, steals guns and sleeps with the town basketball star, she is immediately taken by admiration of Sequan and his brazen nonconformity. Despite Sequan’s unwillingness, Lori manages to befriend him, bringing him out of his shell and eventually introducing him to both moonshine and her gay brother, Jake .'] ['Maggie  has recently moved out on her own, and has started a relationship with another woman, Kim . However, Maggie\'s mother Lila  and brother, who are forced to move into her loft sublet with her, are unaware that she is a lesbian. Maggie\'s freedom is compromised, and she believes she must keep her blossoming affair a secret. However, the clandestine romance introduces Maggie\'s family to a host of new experiences, many of which are "better than chocolate". The cast also includes Ann-Marie MacDonald as Frances, the owner of a lesbian bookstore where Maggie works, and Peter Outerbridge as Judy, a trans woman with a crush on Frances.'] [' Amateur tennis star Guy Haines  wants to divorce his vulgar and unfaithful wife Miriam , so he can marry the elegant and beautiful Anne Morton , daughter of a senator . While on a train to meet Miriam, Haines meets Bruno Anthony , a forward stranger who recognizes Guy from gossip items in the newspapers that detail his marital problems. During lunch in Bruno\'s compartment, Bruno tells Guy about his idea for the perfect "Criss-cross" murder: he will kill Miriam and in exchange, Guy will kill Bruno\'s father. Since both are strangers, otherwise unconnected, there is no identifiable motive for the crimes, Bruno contends, hence no suspicion. Guy hurriedly leaves the compartment but leaves Bruno thinking he has agreed to the deal. Guy accidentally leaves his cigarette lighter behind, a gift from Anne to Guy, which Bruno pockets. Bruno heads to Guy\'s hometown of Metcalf and follows Miriam and her two beaux to an amusement park, where he briefly illuminates her face with Guy\'s lighter, then strangles her to death. Guy\'s problems begin when his alibi — an inebriated college professor on the same train as Guy — cannot remember their meeting. But they increase exponentially when Bruno makes repeated appearances into Guy\'s life as he seeks to remind Guy that he is now obliged to kill Bruno\'s father, according to the bargain he thinks they struck on the train.  Bruno sends Guy the keys to his house, a map to his father\'s room, and a pistol. Soon after, Bruno appears at a party at Senator Morton\'s house and hobnobs with the guests, much to Guy\'s apprehension and Anne\'s increasing suspicion. He demonstrates how to strangle someone while preventing them from screaming: with his hands around his "assistant\'s" neck Bruno looks up and sees Anne\'s younger sister Barbara . Her eyeglasses and resemblance to Miriam trigger a flashback for Bruno to Miriam\'s murder, and he loses control of himself and begins to strangle his subject. After a moment he faints, and the frightened party guests pull him off the hysterical woman. Young Barbara rushes to her sister and tells her, "His hands were on her neck, but he was strangling me." Anne puts together the facts of the crime and confronts Guy, who finally admits the truth. Guy finally agrees to Bruno\'s plan over the telephone and creeps into Bruno\'s home at night. When he reaches the father\'s room he tries to warn the older man of Bruno\'s intentions, but finds Bruno waiting for him instead, now aware that Guy\'s sudden change of heart suggests betrayal. Bruno tells Guy that because he will not complete his end of the bargain, he should be blamed for the murder which "belongs" to him — so he will frame Guy for the murder of Miriam.  Anne visits Bruno\'s house to tell his mother  that her son is responsible for the death of a woman, but she does not believe Anne and fails to understand how dangerous her son is. Bruno overhears the conversation and lets Anne know that he has the lighter and plans to plant it at the scene of the crime during the night to implicate Guy. Anne reports back to Guy and the two devise a plan for Guy to beat Bruno to the scene of the crime after he finishes a tennis match that would be too suspicious for him to cancel. Guy wins the tennis match but takes much longer than expected; likewise, Bruno is delayed when he drops Guy\'s lighter down a storm drain and must force his fingertips down the drain to recover it. Guy arrives at the park while Bruno is still waiting for sunset. The two men struggle on the carousel, which spins out of control and crashes after its operator is accidentally hit by a bullet from the police meant for the fleeing Guy. Bruno, mortally wounded in the crash, manages to tell the police of Guy\'s guilt, but the lighter is found clutched in Bruno\'s hand, finally exonerating Guy. An amusement park employee who remembered Bruno\'s previous visit confirms that Bruno was in fact the murderer. Reunited with Anne on a train home, Guy is asked by a friendly clergyman seated near them if he is Guy Haines. Starting to reply, Guy, remembering this is the way Bruno started their fatal conversation, stops himself and quickly leaves the club car with Anne, leaving the man perplexed.'] ["A married man is having an affair with another man. After some time apart, the two men spend a night together in a family vacation home in Taal, Batangas. Together in such close quarters, the two are left with nothing to do but to confront the realities of their relationship. The movie opens with William , a doctor, driving up to Tagaytay City to meet his secret lover JP , a handsome young fellow in his mid-twenties. While driving, William had been engaged in a cell phone conversation with his wife, who was asking when he will return home. William made up an alibi saying that he has an unexpected appointment in Tagaytay and will probably be back in Manila the next day. On the other hand, JP was waiting in a public viewing park of the Taal Volcano to join William in his Tagaytay escapade. JP is a local boatman and tour guide in Taal, Batangas and William’s secret lover for a year now. Although it was not specifically reiterated in the movie, listening to their dialogue, one will learn that the two men obviously met during one of William and his wife’s visits to Taal Volcano. If William has a wife, JP has a girlfriend. The two did not see each other for two months partly because William is very busy being a Makati physician and partly because he is a family man. JP, on the other hand, had spent two months secretly waiting for William while keeping himself busy with his boating job and his girlfriend. Deep inside, the two lovers missed each other. When they reach the rest house, William cooks pasta and they eat and drink wine together. It is to be, however, the last night that the two lovers will be together as William is scheduled to leave for Australia. William wants to call it quits but doesn't know how to break the news to JP, who is already emotionally attached to him although they really didn't have an agreement that they are indeed a couple. The tension starts when William tells JP that he's leaving the country. Several scenes and dialogue lead up to the climax as JP is reluctant to accept the fact that it was the end of their relationship. The two men had spent the night talking about their past including happy and unforgettable memories while browsing their pictures. The night has been a beautiful night. Their intimacy is renewed and they make love as pleasurable as ever. But as the daybreak comes, William remains firm to his decision, leaving for Australia and ending his relationship with JP. The movie ends as William is driving back to Manila again and JP, alone in the nocturnal Tagaytay rest house, is numbed to the truth that their relationship is doomed in just one night."] ['Main cast"wikitable" ! Actor ! Role |- | Yoshikazu Kotani|| Kairo Aoi |- | Atsumi Kanno || Sora Amakami |- | Yuuki Kawakubo || Ichiyō Mizuki |- | Kazunori Tani || Riku Hanazono |- |}  {{Main}} The story has been adapted into a manga by shōjo manga artist, Kaim Tachibana. The manga is also entitled Boys Love.'] ['Introspective artist Blake is buckling under the weight of fame, professional obligations and a mounting feeling of isolation. Dwarfed by towering trees, Blake slowly makes his way through dense woods. He scrambles down an embankment to a fresh spring and undresses for a short swim. The next morning he returns to his house, an elegant, if neglected, stone mansion. Many people are looking for Blake—his friends, his managers and record label, even a private detective—but he does not want to be found. In the haze of his final hours, Blake will spend most of his time by himself. He avoids the people who are living in his house, who approach him only when they want something, be it money or help with a song. He hides from one concerned friend and turns away another. He visits politely with a stranger from the Yellow Pages sales department, and he ducks into an underground rock club. He wanders through the woods and later plays a new song, one last rock and roll blowout. Finally, alone in the greenhouse, Blake takes his own life. A spectre of the musician, naked, slowly climbs out of his dead body and up the wall.'] ['Sixteen-year-old Tru has been raised in San Francisco by two lesbian mothers and two gay fathers. When one of her mothers gets a well-paid job in a multi-cultural but more conservative suburb in Southern California, Tru and her mothers relocate. When Tru first starts at her new school, teachers welcome her but a group of male football jocks and their female friends bully her and say she looks like a "dyke." One of the footballers, Lodell, changes his mind about her and they start dating, but the relationship never becomes sexual. When they attend The Marvelous Wonderettes musical, Lodell flirts with a man. Tru\'s fathers suggest that Lodell is gay, and when Tru questions him he finally, reluctantly admits that he is a closeted homosexual. She tells him that she "doesn\'t want to be his Katie Holmes" but agrees to be his beard so he can continue to be accepted at school. Tru begins to spend time with Lodell\'s best friend, fellow footballer Manuel, but when he bullies openly-gay classmate Walter, Tru defends Walter and they become friends. They try to establish a Gay Straight Alliance and although a conservative teacher and a closeted English teacher refuse to support the group, the school drama teacher agrees to be the faculty sponsor. The first meeting is successful, with several people attending a long discussion on same-sex marriage in California, but during football practice at the same time, the coach calls the players "ladies," rants that "kids can\'t even say prayers in class, but the fags...get their own club!" He then asks his team if they want to "put a little muscles into these plays or go meet [their] boyfriends at the Gay Scouts of America," to which they answer that they want to "play ball." At the end of the Gay Straight Alliance meeting Tru meets a gay-rights supporter, hipster-geek senior Trevor. She initially thinks he\'s gay, but they quickly form an intimate relationship. Trevor, raised by his uncle, a gay fiction author, is open-minded about Tru\'s family arrangement. Later, Tru discovers that Lodell and Walter are sexually involved, and she ends her faux-relationship with Lodell. When Lodell and his teammates destroy a Gay Straight Alliance banner, Trevor sends out a mass coming out e-mail from Lodell\'s account. Tru is upset by this but eventually forgives him. Tru\'s mothers have a small backyard commitment ceremony attended by teachers and other locals. Lodell arrives to announce that he has left another faux-relationship, and he has the opportunity to reconcile with Walter and meet David Kopay. Manuel arrives with his football coach and punches Lodell for not revealing his sexuality. He refuses to accept homosexuality, but promises to continue being a friend to Lodell. Lodell performs a self-penned song, the school principical dances with Trevor\'s uncle, and the closeted English teacher is advised by friend and fellow teacher Ms. Maple  to be open about his sexuality. In the short final scene, Lodell comes out to his mother and grandmother and introduces Walter as his boyfriend.'] ['Set in 1934 Paris, the film opens with Richard Di Nardo, a young hustler, emerging from the bed of gay middle-aged Carroll Todd, aka Toddy; Richard dresses, takes money from Toddy\'s wallet and leaves Toddy\'s apartment. Going about his day, Toddy, a performer at Chez Lui in Paris, sees Labisse, the club owner, auditioning a frail, impoverished soprano, Victoria Grant. After the audition, Labisse drily writes her off, and she responds by sustaining a pitch to shatter his wine glass using resonant frequency. That night, Richard comes to Chez Lui as part of a straight foursome and Toddy incites a brawl by insulting Richard and the women in his group. Labisse fires Toddy and bans him from the club. Walking home, he spots Victoria dining at a restaurant, and she invites him to join her. As neither of them can pay for the meal, she dumps a cockroach in her salad to avoid paying their check, but it escapes and the whole place breaks out in havoc. The duo run out through the rain to Toddy\'s, and he invites her to stay when she finds that the rain has shrunken her cheap clothes. The next morning Richard shows up to collect his things. Victoria, who is wearing his clothes, hides in Toddy\'s closet. When she thinks that Richard might harm Toddy, she ambushes Richard and literally kicks him out. Witnessing this, Toddy is struck with the inspiration of passing Victoria off as a man  and presenting her to Andre Cassell, the most successful agent in Paris, as a female impersonator. Cassell accepts her as Count Victor Grazinski, a gay Polish female impersonator and Toddy\'s new boyfriend. Cassell gets her an initial nightclub show and invites a collection of club owners to the opening. Among the guests is King Marchand, an owner of multiple clubs in Chicago, who is in league with the mob. King attends with his ditzy moll Norma Cassidy and burly bodyguard Bernstein, aka Squash. Victor is a hit, and King is smitten, but devastated and incredulous when she is "revealed" as a man at the end of her act. King is convinced that "Victor" is not a man. After a quarrel with Norma and his subsequent failure with her later that night, King sends her back to America. Determined to get the truth of Victor\'s gender, King sneaks into Victoria and Toddy\'s suite and confirms his suspicion when he spies her getting into the bath. He keeps his knowledge secret and invites Victoria, Toddy, and Cassell to Chez Lui, where Toddy is now welcomed due to Victor\'s status as a big star. Another fight breaks out and Squash and Toddy are arrested with the bulk of the club clientelle, but King and Victoria escape, leading them to get together. Squash returns to the suite and catches King with Victoria in bed. King tries to explain, but soon receives a shocker himself - Squash reveals himself to be gay. Meanwhile, Labisse hires a P.I., Charles Bovin, to investigate Victor. Victoria and King live together for awhile, but keeping up the public act of Victoria being a man strains the relationship and King ends it. Back in Chicago, Norma tells King\'s club partner Sal Andretti , that King is having a gay affair with Victor. At the same time that Victoria has decided to give up the persona of Victor in order to be with King, Sal arrives and demands that King transfer his share of the empire to Sal for a small portion of its worth. Squash tells Victoria what\'s happening, and she interrupts the paperwork signing to show Norma that she is really a woman, and prevent King from having to lose his stake. That night at the club Cassell tells Toddy and Victoria that Labisse has lodged a complaint against him and "Victor" for perpetrating a fraud. The Inspector confirms to Labisse that the performer is a man and Labisse is an idiot. In the end, Victoria joins King in the club as her real self. King is stunned, as moments earlier, the announcer had said that Victor is going to perform. It is revealed that Toddy is masquerading as Victor. After an intentionally disastrous, but hilarious performance, Toddy claims that this is his last performance. The film ends with King, Squash, Victoria, Cassell and the public applauding enthusiastically.'] ['The film tells the story of Orton and Halliwell in flashback, framed by sequences of Lahr researching the book upon which the film is based with Orton\'s literary agent, Peggy Ramsay. Orton and Halliwell\'s relationship is traced from its beginnings at the Royal Academy of Dramatic Arts. Orton starts out as the uneducated youth to Halliwell\'s older faux-sophisticate. As the relationship progresses, however, Orton grows increasingly confident in his talent while Halliwell\'s writing stagnates. They fall into a parody of a traditional married couple, with Orton as the "husband" and Halliwell as the long-suffering and increasingly ignored "wife" . Orton is commissioned to write a screenplay for The Beatles and Halliwell gets carried away in preparing for a meeting with the "Fab Four", but in the end Orton is taken away for a meeting on his own. Finally, a despondent Halliwell kills Orton and commits suicide.'] ["Akemi is a housewife who discovers her husband has been cheating on her. She makes the acquaintance of a prostitute who hopes to become a manga artist. Another hopeful manga artist, Kyoko, also makes ends meet by working as a part-time prostitute. Akemi moves in with Kyoko and tolerating the practise of her profession while the two come to an understanding of each other's lives.{{Amg movie}}"] ["Miguel  is a young fisherman of Cabo Blanco, a village in northern Peru with specific traditions regarding death. He is married to Mariela , who is pregnant with their first son, but he also has a secret affair with a man, Santiago . Santiago accidentally drowns at sea, and his ghost returns to ask Miguel to find his body, in order to bury it with their village's rituals. Miguel is forced to deal with the consequences of their actions and accept who he really is, even at the risk of losing the people that he loves."] ["Giovanna  and her husband Filippo  have settled into life. They both have jobs that make them unhappy. She works as an accountant. He works the graveyard shift because he is too weak to ask his boss for a daytime slot. They argue about money, sex, time and work... There is a subtle sense that this is a marriage whose love is dwindling fast. Perhaps they are only going through the motions for the sake of their kids One morning, the two of them are walking home and cross paths with an elderly man . He is suffering from transient global amnesia, remembering nothing about himself and his current situation, although recalling random episodes from his remote past. And despite Giovanna's protests, Filippo brings him back to their home for the night so that he can take him to the police the next morning in the hopes of unraveling the mystery. As complications ensue, that one night stretches to a few days. The old man experiences strange episodes, flashbacks of sorts, that reveal clues to his mysterious past. His actions lead to a meeting between Giovanna and Lorenzo . Lorenzo lives across the street from Giovanna and their apartment windows face each other. The sexual tension between the two is quite palpable as they have both been secretly watching and lusting after each other from their dimly lit windows. Giovanna and Lorenzo's instant friendship swiftly moves to flirtation and then to a passionate kiss. However, Lorenzo's job is transferring him to another city very soon and Giovanna is put in an awkward spot having to make a very quick decision. Her heart tells her she should act on her feelings. Her mind tells her to be responsible. Nevertheless, the two of them puzzle over the mystery of the old man as they try to come to terms with their feelings for one another. The only thing the old man seems to remember is the name Simone, so Giovanna and her family take to calling him this. Giovanna takes Simone's suit to be cleaned and discovers a love letter in the jacket pocket addressed to him from a certain Davide Veroli. The next morning, Simone disappears, so Giovanna sets out to trace Davide Veroli as a means of identifying Simone and at this point also of tracing him. A meeting is arranged between them. When Giovanna comes face to face with the old Davide Veroli, it turns out he is the old man they called Simone. Simone, in fact, had been the man Davide had loved when he was young. Davide had been forced to kill him to prevent him from giving the Nazis information on many children that would then be transferred into a working camp. He was given many honors after this, but he lost his only love. After remembering who he was, he had gone back home, although without mentioning anything to the family that had given him a roof the previous days. Nonetheless, they became very good friends. Davide helped her make some big decisions in her life, like pursuing her dream to work in a bakery and having the strength to end her marriage."] ["In the harsh post-war years' Catalan countryside, Dionís, a bird dealer, is attacked by a man in a hooded cape while leading his horse drawn wagon through a darkened forest. The assailant kills Dionís, leads the blindfolded horse to a cliff's edge then pushes the wagon with Dionís and his son, Culet, off the cliff. Andreu, an 11-year-old boy, discovers the wreckage of the fallen cart. Culet is still alive but manages to say a single word before dying: Pitorliua, the name that villagers have given to a ghost believed to haunt a cave. The falangist mayor of the town suspects that Farriol, Andreu’s father, is involved in the deaths of Dionis and his son. Farriol, who was Dionís’s business partner dealing with birds, is an easy target for incrimination due to his suspicious background as a supporter of the Second Spanish Republic, which was repressed by the Francoist Spain. Years before, the mayor and Farriol were rivals vying for the love of Florència, Andreu’s mother, who ultimately chose Farriol as her husband, cementing the major resentment against both of them. Fearing for his life, Farriol decides to flee and cross the border into France. Florència has to work in a factory in Vic so Andreu is sent to live with his paternal relatives in a house full of women and children. Àvia, Andreu’s old grandmother and Ció, a widower aunt who has a son a few years older than Andreu, work looking after the country home of the richest family of the region, the Manuben. There is also a younger aunt, Enriqueta, who is being pressured into marrying an older neighbour she does not love. The grim household is completed by Andreu’s orphan cousin Núria, a maimed but beautiful girl around his age, who lost a hand while playing with a grenade. Soon Andreu begins to unearth his family’s dark secrets. His aunt, Enriqueta, is the talk of the village because she is carrying on a secret affair with a civil guard. The precocious and lively Núria is engaging in sexual games with her alcoholic school teacher. Andreu befriends an older boy who he first spots bathing naked in a river in the forest. The boy is a tuberculosis patient in a nearby monastery, who imagines he has angels' wings. Andreu helps him by setting aside some food for him. Farriol, as Andreu accidentally discovers, has not really left for France but is hiding in the farmhouse attic. Núria and Andreu become frequent companions roaming the mysterious forest together. She has a crush on him and tries a sex game, but he rejects her sexual advances. When the mayor orders a search of the farmhouse, Farriol is found and sent to prison. Farriol furtively tells Andreu to convince Florència to ask for help from the influential Mrs. Manubens. Florència pays her a visit. Because the rich lady is childless and has a weakness for children Florència takes Andreu with her. Mrs. Manubens reluctantly writes a letter to the mayor interceding on behalf of Farriol. However, the mayor tries to take sexual advantage of Florència instead. Andreu slowly discovers that his mother has a secret of her own. In her youth she was a close friend of Pitorliua, the ghost of the legend, who was actually a delicate young man. Visiting his burial place, Andreu and Núria encounter Pauletta, Dionís’s half-demented widow. Pauletta tells them that Pitorliua was the homosexual lover of the only brother of Mrs. Manubens and because of this he was castrated. She implies that Farriol had something to do with it. Exploring the cave where Pitorliua was castrated Andreu and Núria discover the names of the culprits on the wall: Dionís and Farriol. Andreu confronts his mother and Florència confesses that Dionís and Farriol were paid by Mrs. Manubens to scare Pitorliua off, but things went too far. Farriol is condemned to death. Before he is executed Florència and Andreu visit him in jail to say goodbye. He tells his son not to forget his ideals. After Farriol’s funeral Pauletta spitefully reveals to Florència and Andreu that Farriol was the killer of her husband and son following orders from Mrs. Manubens. Dionís tried to blackmail her and Mrs. Manubens first got rid of Dionís and then of Farriol. The rich lady bought Farriol’s silence in exchange for providing an excellent education for Andreu. Andreu begins to reject his family full of lies and deceptions. Instead of running away with Núria as they originally planned, he ultimately accepts to be educated at the expense of Mrs. Manubens. Florència comes to see him at the boarding school, but Andreu has not forgiven his parents. When a classmate asks him who was the woman who came to see him he just answers that it was a woman from his village."] [" At Appleyard College, a girls' private school, near the town of Woodend, Victoria, Australia, the students are dressing on the morning of St. Valentine's Day, 1900. Miranda , Irma , Marion , Rosamund , waifish Sara , and outsider Edith  read poetry and Valentine's Day cards. The group prepares for a picnic to a local geological formation known as Hanging Rock, accompanied by the mathematics mistress Miss Greta McCraw  and the young and beautiful Mademoiselle de Poitiers . On the authority of the stern headmistress Mrs. Appleyard ([[Rachel Roberts , jittery teacher Miss Lumley  advises Sara that she is not allowed to attend. Driven by buggy operator Ben Hussey , the party pass through and arrive at the Rock by mid-afternoon. After a meal, Mr. Hussey notes his watch has stopped at the stroke of twelve, as has the watch of Miss McGraw. With permission from Mlle. de Poitiers, Miranda, Marion and Irma decide to explore Hanging Rock and take measurements, with Edith allowed to follow. The group is observed several minutes later by a young Englishman, Michael Fitzhubert , who is lunching at the Rock with his uncle Colonel Fitzhubert , aunt Mrs. Fitzhubert , and valet Albert . At the top of Hanging Rock, the group lies on the ground, apparently dazed by the sun. Miss McCraw, still at the base of the Rock, stares up. Miranda, Marion, and Irma awake and move, as if in a dream, into a recess in the rock face. Edith screams and flees down the Rock. The distraught and hysterical party eventually returns to the College, where Mlle. de Poitiers explains to Mrs. Appleyard that Miss McGraw has been left behind. Sara notes the absence of Miranda; and Mr. Hussy explains to Mrs. Appleyard that Miranda, Irma, Marion, and Miss McGraw went missing. A search party, led by Sgt. Bumpher  and Constable Jones  of the local police, finds nothing, although Edith reveals that she witnessed Miss McGraw climbing the Rock without her skirt. Michael Fitzhubert is questioned and reveals he watched the schoolgirls but can provide no clues as to their whereabouts. Michael becomes obsessed with finding Miranda; and, with Albert, he conducts another search of Hanging Rock. Despite Albert's protests, Michael decides to remain overnight and begins climbing again the next day, leaving a trail of paper. When Albert follows the markers, he finds a nearly delirious Michael. Just before leaving on a buggy with a local doctor, Michael passes to Albert a fragment of lace from a dress. Albert returns to Hanging Rock and discovers Irma, unconscious but alive. The residents of Woodend become restless as news of the discovery spreads. At the Fitzhubert home, Irma is treated for dehydration and exposure, and tells the police and Mlle. de Poitiers she has no memory of what happened. A servant notes that Irma's corset is missing but is advised by Mrs. Fitzhubert that it is not important. Michael befriends the recovered Irma but alienates her when he demands to know what happened on the Rock. Mrs. Appleyard advises Miss Lumley that several parents have withdrawn their children from the school. Before leaving for Europe, Irma visits her classmates a final time; but they become hysterical and demand to know what happened to their missing friends. Mlle. de Poitiers intervenes; and, as Irma flees, she also notices that Sara has been strapped to a wall by Mrs. Appleyard to correct her posture. That night, Miss Lumley gives notice to a drunken Mrs. Appleyard that she is resigning. Mrs. Appleyard tells Sara that, as her guardian has not paid her tuition, Sara must return to the orphanage. The next day, Mrs. Appleyard lies to Mademoiselle de Poitiers and claims that Sara's guardian collected her early that morning. The next day, Sara's body is found in the greenhouse by Mr. Whitehead, the school gardener. Believing Sara committed suicide by leaping from her bedroom window, Whitehead confronts Mrs. Appleyard, who is calm in full mourning dress with her possessions packed. Michael tells Albert he has decided to travel north, with Albert revealing he had a dream in which his lost sister Sara visited him. During a flashback to the picnic scene, Sgt. Bumpher states in a voice over that the body of Mrs. Appleyard was found at the base of Hanging Rock and that the search for the missing school girls and their mistress continued sporadically for several years without success."] ["On her journey, filmmaker Ellen Spiro visits memorable landmarks, events and characters, including Mardi Gras, Gay Pride in Atlanta, the Gay rodeo, Dollywood, Miss Miller's Eternal Love and Care Pet Cemetery, and the Short Mountain Radical Faerie sanctuary. Interviews with gay men and lesbians throughout the film demonstrate the wide range of Southern lives, from Rita, a retired military officer, now a drag queen in New Orleans, to Iris, a black lesbian living in a bus in the Ozarks. The subjects in Greetings From Out Here address the impact of AIDS in the rural South, the politics of being gay in the South, and the relationship between the gay and civil rights movements."] ["Manga and Sory are two young men in love with each other. Manga tells his widowed mother of the relationship, and Sory tells his father. Both parents forbid their sons to see each other again. Sory marries and has a child. Manga's mother turns to witchcraft to cure her son, and he unsuccessfully undergoes a lengthy form of aversion therapy. He meets and becomes engaged to a white woman called Oumou. Both men try to make their heterosexual relationships work but are ultimately drawn back to each other. Manga's mother eventually gives her blessing to the pair and the end of the film sees Sory and Manga driving off together towards an uncertain future."] ["The film is similar in some ways to Seth Michael Donsky's 1996 film Twisted made prior to Tierney's film. Like in Donsky's film, the plot of Oliver Twist is updated to the present day, and moved out of the London poor house onto the streets of Toronto. In addition, the tale is told not from Oliver's point of view, but rather that of Dodge . The prosaically beautiful Oliver  falls into the hands of down-and-out young men. Dodge takes Oliver under his wing and instructs him in the unforgiving arts of drug abuse and prostitution. Oliver develops a crush on Dodge and views him as his boyfriend, complicating their friendship. Dodge does not reciprocate his feelings, and reacts angrily to Oliver's kisses and other signs of affection. As Oliver's innocence dissolves, both young men confront their demons and ultimately it is Dodge who finds he cannot escape his past. Dodge is found by his abusive brother around the same time the young mens care taker commits suicide, sending Dodge into a violent rage at the films conclusion."] ['In 1922, 18-year-old Salvador Dalí  arrives at university in Madrid. The Residencia de Estudiantes, or Students\' Residence, is a modern environment which encourages Spain\'s brightest young minds. Salvador, who is determined to become a great artist, soon catches the attention of the Resi\'s social elite — poet Federico García Lorca  and aspiring filmmaker Luis Buñuel . Together they form the nucleus of the most modern group in Madrid. Their private lives become increasingly complex as Federico ignores the advances of devoted friend and writer Magdalena , and Salvador himself feels the pull of García Lorca\'s magnetism. Luis, becoming increasingly isolated by the duo\'s closeness, decides to move to Paris to fulfil his own artistic ambitions. Meanwhile, Salvador and Federico leave Madrid to spend the summer at the seaside village of Cadaques, at the home of Dalí\'s family. Federico finds himself acceptedAccording to Ian Gibson, Lorca was "utterly at home with his hosts and by now hopelessly involved with Salvador" into the Dalí family as he and Salvador grow closer until, one night, their friendship becomes romantic.http://www.ariafilms.co.uk/projects/LittleAshes.pdf Even as they draw closer, their relationship appears doomed. Luis visits them at university and becomes more suspicious and appalled by their apparent closeness. Dalí finds García Lorca\'s obsession with him more than he is prepared to handle and moves to Paris. Consumed by the high society and decadence, Dalí is soon entangled with Gala , a married woman with a penchant for celebrities. When García Lorca visits, he finds his friend is a changed man, in his life and his politics.'] ['A successful barrister, Melville Farr  has a thriving London practice. He is on course to become a Queen\'s Counsel and people are already talking of him being appointed a judge. He is apparently happily married to his wife, Laura . Farr is approached by "Boy" Barrett , a younger working class man with whom Farr shared a romantic but asexual relationship. Farr rebuffs the approach, thinking Barrett wants to blackmail him about their relationship. What Farr does not know is that Barrett himself has fallen prey to blackmailers who know of their relationship. The blackmailers have a picture of Farr and Barrett in a vehicle together, in which Barrett is crying. Barrett has been trying to reach Farr to appeal for help since Barrett  has stolen £2,000 from his employers to pay the blackmail and the police are now onto him. With Farr intentionally avoiding him, Barrett is soon picked up by the police, who in turn discover why he was being blackmailed. Knowing it will be only a matter of time before he is forced to reveal Farr\'s identity as the other man, Barrett hangs himself in a police cell. After discovering the truth of what happened to Barrett, Farr takes on the blackmail ring and recruits a friend of Barrett\'s to investigate for him. The friend identifies a gay hairdresser who has also been victimized by the ring, but the hairdresser refuses to divulge who his tormentors are. However, when the hairdresser is visited by one of the blackmailers, he suffers a heart attack. Prior to his death, he manages to phone Farr\'s house to leave a mumbled message referring to another victim of the ring. Farr contacts this victim, a famous actor, who refuses to help him, instead preferring, along with other victims, to acquiesce to the blackmail in hopes of keeping their secret. Laura finds out about Barrett\'s death and confronts her husband, demanding he tell her the truth. In a heated argument, it turns out that before their marriage Farr had had a relationship with another man who subsequently killed himself when the relationship ended. He had told Laura about this before they married and promised that he no longer had such urges, but on learning of this new affair, Laura decides to leave him. The blackmailers vandalise Farr\'s property, painting "FARR IS QUEER" on his garage doors. Farr resolves to help the police catch them and promises to give evidence in court, despite knowing that the ensuing press coverage will certainly destroy his career. Working with the police, Farr succeeds in ensnaring the blackmailers, who are arrested. He is then surprised to find his wife still at home. He tells her he prefers her to go ahead and leave so she will not have to face the brutal ugliness that will befall him during the trial. But he lets her know he will welcome her return when the ordeal is over. She tells him that she believes she has found the strength to do so. Farr then burns the picture that originally incriminated him.'] ["In the movie, Lan Yu , played by Liu Ye, a poor architecture student from northern China desperately needed money.  It is the late 1980s. Meeting an acquaintance, Li Zheng , who suggested to Lan Yu that the youth turn to prostitution, supposedly for one night only, to remedy his financial situation. Naively, Lan Yu agreed. That night, he arrived at Li’s bar and pool hall to meet his John. While there, Li introduced him to a successful businessman and international trader named Chen Handong .  Lan Yu is evidently smitten for he left with the older man rather than the man he was to meet. The night they spent together was not only a sexual, but also an emotional awakening, for the boy. While Lan Yu immediately fell in love with Chen Handong, the older man, who was very closeted, wanted no emotional relationship, only sex. He tried his best to avoid any attachment whatsoever with the youth, instead he showered Lan Yu with money and expensive gifts. His efforts to turn Lan Yu’s love for him into a dependent, loveless relationship failed until Lan Yu discovered Chen in the middle of the seduction of a young college athlete. Crushed, Lan Yu left Chen's apartment. They would not meet again until June 4, 1989, when Chen went looking for Lan Yu, fearing for the youth's safety amid the army’s Tiananmen Square crackdown. Finding Lan Yu disheveled and distraught, the incident reunited the two and opened a new chapter in their relationship. Although Chen Handong still could not commit totally to Lan Yu, he now gave the youth time and attention as well as money, a car, and an expensive villa in the Beijing suburbs. None of the material things were what Lan Yu really wanted although he now accepted them. Chen now lived, somewhat surreptitiously, with Lan Yu and that was all that mattered to the latter. Unfortunately, Chen Handong, being the only son of a top government bureaucrat, was under increasing pressure to marry. After a whirlwind courtship, Chen Handong married Jingping , a translator who helped him negotiate a successful business deal with the Russians. Upon this marriage, Lan Yu moved out of the villa  and Chen Handong and he lost all contact. Shortly thereafter, Chen Handong and Jingping divorced. A chance meeting at the airport and Lan Yu’s invitation to a home-cooked meal reunited the pair. Finally, Chen Handong reciprocated the love and commitment Lan Yu had so freely given and the two were truly a couple. But, Chen Handong’s company, perhaps because of the Russian deal, had aroused government suspicion. An investigation of charges of smuggling and money-laundering started. With his father dead and no longer able to protect him, Chen Handong faced a long prison term, if not execution. Lan Yu took his savings and the proceeds of the sale of his villa and all of Chen’s other gifts and raised enough funds to get Chen Handong out of legal and financial trouble. Unfortunately, just as he realized that the younger man was truly his beloved and his destiny, Lan Yu is killed in a traffic accident. Three years later, Chen Handong is still grief-stricken and that is how the film begins with his thinking back on the past and what might have been."] ['Luke is a restless and reckless drifter and Jon is a relatively timid and pessimistic movie critic. Both are gay and HIV positive. After an unconventional meeting, and after Luke kills a homophobic police officer, they go on a road trip with the motto "Fuck everything."'] ["Best friends{{spaced ndash}}one a straight woman, Abbie, the other a gay man, Robert{{spaced ndash}}who decide to have a child together. Five years later, Abbie falls in love with a heterosexual man and wants to move away with him and Robert's little boy Sam, and a nasty custody battle ensues."] ['After getting dumped by his girlfriend Tiffani von der Sloot , University of Arizona student Caleb Peterson  commiserates with his roommate Kyle , who notes that while he has trouble getting the men he wants, he could get any woman because he\'s gay. Later at a party, Gwen Anderson  dumps her boyfriend after he comes out to her. Caleb sees her and becomes infatuated and meets Marc Everhard , with whom Kyle is infatuated. Marc, meanwhile, sees Caleb and is instantly attracted. Kyle comes up with a crazy scheme. He tells Gwen that Caleb is gay so she\'ll set him up with Marc. Kyle figures that Caleb can use Marc to get to Gwen, while Kyle uses Caleb to get to Marc. Also, Tiffani lives next door to Gwen and Marc so seeing Caleb date Marc would make her crazy. Caleb and Marc go out on a date then go back to Marc\'s place to watch a movie. Marc tries to put the moves on Caleb, who\'s unresponsive. Suddenly Gwen, who\'s stuck at a friend\'s house and bored, calls. She talks to Caleb, relaxing and seducing him verbally while Marc takes advantage by performing oral sex on him. Gwen hangs up to come home and Marc masturbates next to Caleb. Caleb, feeling confused and insecure, leaves. He passes Gwen on her way home and she seduces him again, this time physically. Caleb goes home and goes to bed. The next morning, Marc calls Caleb and leaves a message. Kyle overhears it and realizes that Marc and Caleb had sex. As Kyle storms into his room, Marc calls back. After the call Caleb goes to Kyle and tells him he\'s invited Gwen and Marc to dinner to clear everything up. Caleb also tells Kyle that he knows Kyle has feelings for him and that, if Caleb were at all gay, he\'d love Kyle. Gwen and Marc come over for dinner and Caleb is chagrined to see that Kyle\'s invited Caleb\'s family as well. Kyle convinces Gwen to "pretend" to be Caleb\'s date and Marc to "pretend" to be his. Dinner is going well, if a little awkwardly, until Tiffani inexplicably crashes the party. Gwen takes it upon herself to out Caleb to his parents . His parents take it quite well and everyone ends up in a bizarre group hug. After Caleb\'s family and Tiffani leave, Gwen verbally attacks Kyle, thinking he\'s trying to steal Marc from Caleb. Caleb convinces Marc to talk to Kyle and Gwen figures out the entire scheme, which she thinks is the sweetest thing anyone\'s ever done for her in light of the lengths to which Caleb went to sleep with her. Marc goes to talk to Kyle and tells Kyle that he loved him all along . In a post-credits scene, Marc and Kyle finally get together.'] ["Set in a small town of Stillwater, Minnesota, Erik  is an adolescent loner with a vain and selfish workaholic mother, Gail  who hardly spends time with him. Dexter  is his neighbor who lives behind Erik, who contracted HIV through a blood transfusion. Initially, Erik is put off by Dexter, but the two soon become good friends despite their differences. Erik seeks a family in Dexter and his congenial mother, Linda , due to his strained relationship with Gail, but keeps the friendship a secret from her, knowing that she won't approve. Gail discovers the friendship one night after Linda comes over to ask Erik about something Dexter ate in the boys' quest to find a natural cure for his disease. She is furious and warns Linda to keep Dexter away, showing that not only is she selfish and neglectful, but also a bigot. Linda, who resents Gail because of her ways, refuses to listen and encourages the friendship. When the boys read an article in a tabloid about a doctor in distant New Orleans who claims to have found a cure for AIDS, they set out on their own down the Mississippi River in the hope of finding a means of saving Dexter's life. Initially, the boys start taking a boat down the river with a bunch of degenerates, but eventually steal their money  and try to hitchhike the rest of the way. When the boatmen find that their money has been stolen, they locate the kids at a bus station and proceed to chase them until they reach a dead end in a dilapidated building. Erik draws a switchblade, causing one of the men to draw a knife as well. Dexter suddenly grabs the knife from Erik, and cuts his hand to cause himself to bleed. He threatens the boatman with his blood, saying that he has AIDS and could easily transfer the disease to him . Dexter then chases the boatmen off, threatening them with his bleeding hand. Once the two men are gone, Dexter realizes what he has done in directly exposing his blood to the outside environment. He suddenly feels sick, so Erik helps to escort him back to the bus station. Realizing that their journey must end if Dexter is to be treated, Erik resorts to calling Linda to have her pick the boys up when they arrive on the bus in Stillwater. Once they return, Dexter spends the rest of his time in the hospital. Erik stays with Linda, knowing that not only will Gail be angry, but she will not let him visit Dexter in the hospital. Dexter and Erik prank the doctors three times that Dexter's dead. But when the third doctor arrives to check him, Dexter really is dead. While driving Erik home, Linda notices a mother holding her young child while crossing the street. With the child serving as a reminder of Dexter, she pulls over and breaks down crying. Erik apologizes to her, saying that he should have tried harder to find a cure. Linda, taken aback by his comment, embraces Erik, explaining that he was the happiest thing in Dexter's difficult life. Upon arrival at home, they are confronted by a furious Gail. When Gail starts to hit Erik, Linda quickly intervenes and asks to talk to her privately. Once inside Linda's home, Gail's anger backfires when Linda pins her against the door and angrily and tearfully tells her about Dexter's death and that Erik is going to the funeral. She ends with threatening to kill Gail if she ever hits Erik again. Gail sadly complies. At the funeral, Erik places one of his shoes in the coffin and takes one of Dexter's to let sail down the river . This way, the shoes represent the boys' souls and their will to live."] ['Redl is an ambitious military officer in pre-World War I Austria whose career path is set early on. Redl\'s mother wants to restore her family\'s past glory through her son, and Redl soon wins favor everywhere for his talent, drive and loyalty to the Empire\'s ideal: tolerance for all and devotion to the Crown. In military school, he\'s forced to inform on Kubinyi, a student who\'s the source of a practical joke; though he beats himself up for being a Judas, he soon realizes that to rise in the ranks he must overcome his peasant background and hide his homosexuality by ingratiating himself with his superiors. Kubinyi is a Hungarian nobleman,and together the two slowly climb the ladder of career-officers. While Kubinyi slowly falls prey to the national aspirations of a Hapsburg-free Hungary, Redl remains faithful to his benefactor, to his raison d\'etre. Redl feverishly defends his King and country by working to uncover the various nationalistic movements that threaten the Empire\'s solidarity. In time, he becomes Chief of Military Intelligence for the Austro-Hungarian empire. His superiors find the perfect servant in Redl. His loyalty to the crown is steadfast, but the parvenus around the aging Emperor sense that Redl is their worst enemy. Nationalism is just one of the many diseases gnawing away at the Empire. The self-interest and greed of the nobles-in-waiting prove to be an even greater danger. As head of counter-intelligence, Redl soon sniffs out the bloody dagger; Austrian and Hungarian aristocrats are planning a coup d\'etát with the help of Tsarist Russia. Waiting to catch the guilty conspirators, Redl is caught instead. Though he professes to hate politics and politicians, Redl also can\'t avoid them. When the leader for whom Redl is supposedly spying among the officer corps, draws up a list of who can\'t be exposed for traitorous activities , he tells Redl that he must find a double of himself, a Ukrainian. His hidden homosexuality becomes known to the court and he is put into a compromising position. Public disgrace with discharge from the service or take the \'more honorable\' position of scapegoat that he, Colonel Redl, conspired with the Russians. Disloyalty to himself or disloyalty to the Emperor and Empire---to his new-found father and family? A cruel choice that Redl is forced to make. Now certain that he will be exposed, Redl surrenders to fate, quoting to his wife from Montaigne: "It\'s no sin to be involved. It\'s a sin to remain involved." He is put under house arrest and commits suicide with a pistol.'] ['Wanda is a dominatrix who runs a gallery in Hamburg. She lures men and women of all types into her sadomasochistic world where audiences pay for the privilege of seeing her humiliate her slaves. "And when she is eventually gunned down, not by her American female lover whom she turns into an assistant-Mistress and not by her older tender shoe-fetishist motherly concerned lover either, but by — of all people — her husband , the supreme joy on her face is absolutely ineffable."'] ["Set on the bleak motorways of Lancashire, Butterfly Kiss tells the story of Eunice , a lesbian serial killer, and Miriam , a naive, innocent and lonely young girl who falls under her spell. Miriam runs away from home and meets Eunice, who soon completely dominates her, leading her into sex and murder. At a truckstop, Eunice first offers the unwilling Miriam to a trucker for sex, then rescues her in mid-rape by murdering the driver. When the hitchhiking duo are picked up by another licentious male, Miriam returns to their motel room to find Eunice and their benefactor having rough sex in the shower. Mistaking the consensual sex with the rape from which Eunice earlier rescued her, Miriam returns the favor by beating their benefactor to death with the hand-held showerhead, to Eunice's delight. Eunice finally brings Miriam to the ocean, where she has Miriam assist her in a watery suicide. Miriam is arrested and ends up in an insane asylum, still innocently unaware of the gravity of her offenses."] ['The film opens as a psychological thriller – IRA foot soldier Fergus  and a unit of other IRA fighters, including a woman named Jude  and led by Maguire , kidnap Jody , a black British soldier. The IRA demands the release of other jailed IRA members, threatening to execute Jody in three days if their demands are not met. While the amiable Fergus guards Jody, they develop a bond – much to the chagrin of the other IRA men. During this time, Jody tells Fergus the story about the Scorpion and the Frog. Jody persuades Fergus to make sure his girlfriend, Dil , will be all right after Jody has been killed. The deadline set by Jody\'s captors passes and Jody is to be executed. Fergus takes Jody into the woods to carry out the sentence. However, Jody knows that Fergus is no murderer at heart, and makes a break for it. Sure enough, Fergus cannot bring himself to shoot the fleeing Jody in the back, but Jody is instead accidentally run over and killed by British armoured personnel carriers as they suddenly move in to assault the IRA safehouse. With his IRA companions seemingly dead after the attack, Fergus hides from the main body of the IRA in London, where he takes a job as a day labourer, using the alias "Jimmy". While in London, Fergus meets Jody\'s attractive girlfriend Dil at a hair salon. Later they talk in a bar, where the next evening he sees her singing "The Crying Game". Fergus still suffers from guilt about Jody\'s death and sees him in his dreams bowling a cricket ball to him. He continues to pursue Dil, protecting her from an obsessive suitor and gradually falling in love with her. Later, when he is about to make love to her in her apartment, he discovers that she is in fact a pre-op transwoman. His initial reaction is of revulsion. Rushing to the bathroom to throw up, he accidentally hits Dil in the face, leaving her with a nosebleed. He then leaves the apartment. A few days later, Fergus leaves Dil a note, and the two make up. Despite everything, Dil is still attracted to him. Around the same time, Jude unexpectedly reappears in Fergus\' apartment. She tells him that the IRA has tried and convicted him in absentia. She forces him to agree to help with a new mission to aid in assassinating a well-known official. She also off-handedly mentions that she knows about Fergus and Dil, warning him that the IRA will kill him if Fergus does not co-operate. Fergus, however, cannot overcome his feelings for Dil, and continues wooing her. Fergus shields her from possible retribution by giving her a haircut and male clothes, as a disguise. The night before the IRA mission is to be carried out, Dil gets heavily drunk and Fergus has to escort her to her apartment, where Dil asks for Fergus to stay with her. Fergus complies, then admits to Dil that he had an indirect hand in her former boyfriend\'s death. Dil, drunk, appears not to have understood, but in the morning, before Fergus wakes up, Dil ties him to the bed. Dil unwittingly prevents Fergus from joining the other IRA members and completing the planned assassination. Holding Fergus at gunpoint, Dil forces him to tell Dil that he loves her and will never leave her. Dil unties him, saying that, even if he is lying, it is still nice to hear his words. Dil then breaks down in tears. A vengeful Jude then enters their room with a gun, seeking to kill Fergus for missing the assassination. Dil takes several shots at Jude, hitting her, whilst stating that she is aware that Jude was complicit in Jody\'s death and that Jude used her sexuality to trick him. Dil finally kills Jude with a shot in the neck. Dil then points the gun at Fergus, but lowers her hand, saying that she cannot kill him, because Jody will not allow her to. Fergus prevents Dil from shooting herself, and tells her to hide out in the club for a while. When Dil is gone, he wipes Dil\'s fingerprints off the gun and allows himself to be arrested in place of Dil. The epilogue takes place a few months later – Fergus, in prison, is visited by Dil. Dil, after talking with Fergus about plans once he gets out of jail, asks him why he took the fall for her in the first place. Fergus responds, "As a man once said, it\'s in my nature." He then tells her the story of the Scorpion and the Frog.'] ["Unaware of her co-worker's sexuality, Annie tries to seduce Ron. After learning she's pregnant, she moves in with him despite her discovery that he is gay and living with a boyfriend Nick. Together, the trio navigates their way through a minefield of romantic difficulties while discovering the true meaning of love."] ["On the Downlow is a love story set in Little Village, Chicago, between Angel  and Isaac , two warmly human, supportive, sensitive young men. Their affection to each other is shown in a long kiss in a dark alley in Chicago, and later on, in a musical sequence in the film. Isaac also questions his sexuality in a long confession with a priest in the church. Angel, in order to be with his secret lover Isaac gives up his allegiance to his former Latin Kings gang and pledges to Isaac's Southside Chicago's Two Six gang led by Reaper  after a cruel initiation beating. Although the film uses names of actual gangs in the area, the introduction to the film says there is no direct relation to the actual gang names used. When Reaper is later informed that Angel is an ex-gang member of the rival Latin Kings gang, he decides that Isaac should kill him. Issac desperately tries to arrange for him and Angel to escape Chicago but the inevitable happens and the gang captures Angel. When Isaac refuses to execute Angel, Reaper does the job. Isaac then kills Reaper and then commits suicide."] ["Museulmo High School, situated somewhere in South Korea, may not be your typical high school. One of the students there is named “Poor Girl” . She walks around with a stuffed doll draped around her back, which she calls “Poverty.” As her name implies she is as poor as poor can get. She lives with her mother  in a one room building. Her mother is chronically ill and buried in debt. To help pay for her mother’s bills, Poor Girl has turned to prostitution to support her family. Because of this, she carries a heavy burden of guilt and shame. So much so that she has attempted suicide. Her only friend seems to be her doll “Poverty.” That is until she meets a new client. The new client is a cross-dresser , who's looking for a girl to play sisters with. Poor Girl is able to share some of her problems with her new found friend. In the meantime, she dreams about dating her classmate Anthony . Anthony comes from a rich background. His  parents are diplomats from Switzerland. He has everything a teenager can possibly wish for: good looks, expensive cars and suits. Anthony goes through life enjoying his superficial ways… until he meets Double Eyes . Double Eyes is the sibling of Anthony’s classmate Cyclops  who is a bit of an outcast at Museulmo High school. As his name indicates, he has only one eye. His days at Museulmo High School are filled with loneliness and being the object of pranks and jokes. While waiting for his sister Double Eyes at a restaurant, Cyclops is spotted by Anthony and his two friends. One of Anthony’s friends asks Cyclops, “Does your sister have a third eye?” Anthony and his friends laugh among themselves… until they see Cyclops’s sibling named Double Eyes. Double Eyes is beautiful and his classmates are in shock. Anthony immediately falls in love with Double Eyes. Unfortunately there is a secret with Double Eyes… As the lives of these students progress at Museulmo there is another problem that soon starts to emerge. Students, who have never shown any interest in education, suddenly become immersed in studying and preparing for their college entrance exams. They even give up dating! It's up to these classmates to find out what is really going on at Museulmo High and prepare for their graduation."] ['Skin Deep tells the story of an award winning director, Alex Koyama , who is in the process of making a film about the tattoo industry, and the love and obsession that can arise in the "skin art" culture. Conflict develops between Koyama and her lesbian lover / assistant, Montana  when Koyama hires a new production assistant, Chris , who is transgender and quickly becomes obsessed with Koyama.<ref namehttp://www.onf-nfb.gc.ca/eng/collection/film/?idSkin Deep|work9 June 2009}}<ref name0111211|title=Skin Deep}}'] ["Old Joy tells the story of two friends, Kurt  and Mark , as they reunite for a weekend camping trip in the Cascade mountain range and Bagby Hot Springs, east of Portland, Oregon. The film is a story of friendship, loss and alienation. For Mark, the weekend outing offers a respite from the pressure of his imminent fatherhood; for Kurt, it is another chapter in a life lived on the edge--of maturity, and poverty. Tagging along for the ride is Lucy, Mark's mixed breed dog , who simply enjoys the adventure, and is not burdened with the regrets of her two human companions."] ["Set in Colorado, the story takes place in 1985 during the rise of the AIDS panic. McClain Evans is a gay high school student, constantly the target of bullying in his town. Karen O'Neil is a woman haunted by the death of her pro-boxer fiance, Mark Corey. After a five-year absence, she returns to her family, who runs a successful martial arts school. When McClain is attacked by three local teens, his mother, Annie, asks Karen to teach her son martial arts so that he can defend himself. Karen's family is fearful of anti-gay retaliation, so Karen is forced to secretly teach McClain at night. When word of this reaches her family, and the small-town community, violence erupts, and family and friendship are challenged, forcing Karen to reveal her own dark and tragic secret to those she loves most."] ['At Christmas 1958 in Hungary, the body of Éva Szalánczky, an apparent murder victim, is recovered from a forest. In hospital, Livia Horváth, bandaged around her neck is recuperating, and is told that she will be unable to live her life as before; the reason is not made explicit. The lesbian Éva, already known to the authorities for her private life, begins a new job as a journalist at The Truth, a weekly periodical, and meets the married Livia when the two women share an office. The attraction is immediate, but Livia is initially resistant. Late at night, while kissing in darkness on a park bench, the women are discovered by a policeman, who warns Livia that her husband and employer will be informed if she is found in the same uncompromising position again. Éva is arrested, but soon released. At a collective farm, Éva finds the authorities have blocked an attempt at a more democratic way of organising their cooperative venture. Her understanding editor, a supporter of the short-lived government of the recently executed Imre Nagy, refuses to publish the article, and she resigns before she is sacked. Éva and Livia have a brief affair. The previously mild Dönci Horváth, an army officer, shoots his wife while she in the bath after her confession of love for Éva. Livia survives and her husband is imprisoned for the offence. At the hospital, Livia rejects Éva, who then journeys to the countryside. At night, Éva is challenged to stop walking by border guards, but is shot dead when she fails to do.'] ["Keng , is a soldier assigned to a post in a small city in rural Thailand. The troops' main duties, it seems, is to investigate the mysterious slaying of cattle at local farms. While in the field one day, Keng meets Tong . Later, Keng sees Tong riding in a truck in town. The two men have made a connection and embark on a romance, taking trips in the countryside. Then one night, the country boy wanders off into the dark. The film's narrative abruptly shifts to a different story, about a soldier  sent alone into the woods to find a lost villager. In the woods, the soldier encounters the spirit of a tiger shaman , who taunts and bedevils the soldier, causing him to run through the woods and become lost and isolated himself."] ["Ben  and Arthur  are a homosexual couple eagerly awaiting the legalization of gay marriage in Hawaii so that they may travel there for their dream wedding. After a news bulletin that a judge has made a ruling that will allow gay weddings to take place, the men purchase plane tickets and prepare to depart; however, before they leave, they discover that a challenge to the judge's ruling has resulted in a suspension of gay marriage in Hawaii, pending further judicial review. Ben takes advantage of the delay to inform Arthur that he is actually already married to a woman named Tammy , whom he wed out of societal pressure before he came to terms with his homosexuality and from whom he has been separated since before he and Arthur met. Arthur becomes angry, but decides to stay with Ben anyway. Shortly thereafter, Ben contacts Tammy, finally comes out to her, and asks her for a divorce. After the disappointment of their near-wedding, Ben and Arthur resume their daily life, working in a small diner in Los Angeles, where Ben is a dishwasher and Arthur is a waiter. Although Ben—a former nurse who quit to pursue a music career—enjoys the manual labor and hours, Arthur has grown impatient with servitude and putting up with needy customers. One night, Arthur decides to quit and go back to college, so that he can earn an MBA and open up his own sex shop. Although the loss of income to the household means that Ben will have to quit and return to being a nurse, he agrees to do so in order to help Arthur pursue his dream. To finance his education, Arthur tracks down his estranged brother, Victor , whom he hasn't spoken to for seven years. Victor is a religious fanatic who believes that Arthur's homosexuality is a sign of demonic possession, although Victor himself appears to be flamboyantly gay-- even greeting Arthur in a pink, feathered bathrobe. Although Victor lashes out at Arthur for his failure to turn straight, he nonetheless offers to give Arthur money for college if he will bring Ben by the apartment and allow him to evangelize. While Arthur considers Victor's offer, he and Ben hire an attorney  to consult for advice on getting married. Despite Ben's still being legally married to Tammy, the attorney counsels them to travel to Vermont, be wed in a civil union, and then return to California and attempt to be recognized as members of a domestic partnership. The two take her advice, and are wed in a private ceremony in Vermont. Suspicious of Arthur's lack of response to his monetary offer, Victor hires a private investigator to tail Ben and Arthur. The PI tells Victor about the men's marriage and their attempts to get their union recognized in California. In response, Victor follows the attorney home one evening and shoots her to death in her apartment's parking garage. At the same time, Tammy arrives at Arthur's apartment and tries to force Ben to take her back at gunpoint, but Ben successfully disarms her and throws her out. Following their attorney's death, Ben and Arthur agree to come to Victor's apartment. Rather than evangelize, Victor and another congregant from his church, Stan , lash out at the couple with homophobic insults and slurs. When Ben and Arthur leave, Victor and Stan start making plans to exorcise the couple by feeding them Holy Water that Stan has cooked in his kitchen. The plot fails, and Ben and Arthur leave town to enjoy a honeymoon in Hawaii and allow the tension with Victor to blow over. In Ben and Arthur's absence, Victor is summoned to church by his priest, Father Rabin . Rabin informs him that he is being excommunicated because the congregation does not want the relative of a homosexual attending church services, fearful that he will bring them bad karma and negative energy. A dejected Victor reaches out to Stan for help, who helps Victor come to an agreement with Father Rabin that Victor will be permitted to rejoin the church if he successfully murders Ben and Arthur. To this end, they hire a hitman named Scott , whom Father Rabin has apparently used to kill homosexuals in the past. When Ben and Arthur return from Hawaii, Ben is gay bashed by Victor and Scott; the attack fails to kill him, and Ben is hospitalized. Suspecting his brother's involvement, Arthur breaks into Victor's apartment and taps his phone. After intercepting a call implicating Victor and Father Rabin, Arthur goes to Victor's church, chloroforms Father Rabin, and then murders him by burning the church down with Rabin still inside. After Ben has sufficiently recovered, Arthur takes him back home to their apartment. Deciding that the next attempt on the men's lives must be more drastic, Victor and Scott go Ben and Arthur's apartment with guns; at the last minute, Victor tells Scott that he wants to kill them himself and sends him away. Victor rings the apartment's doorbell, and when Ben answers, he fatally shoots him. He then forces Arthur to strip naked at gunpoint and performs an impromptu baptism in the bathtub. While Victor contemplates what he's done, Arthur slips away and gets the gun that Ben had earlier confiscated from Tammy. Dressed in a bathrobe and briefs, a hysterical Arthur—reenacting one of the final scenes of Scarface-- propositions Victor while holding him at gunpoint, accusing him of lashing out to try to combat his own repressed homosexuality. When Arthur fires a warning shot, Victor pulls out his own gun and shoots Arthur in the chest and back several times. In turn, Arthur manages to fire off a single shot which hits Victor in the forehead and instantly kills him, before Arthur dies of his own wounds."] ["Claire of the Moon is set in the 1990s in the Pacific Northwest. Claire Jabrowski , a famous heterosexual author, decides to attend a retreat for all-female writers. Claire's roommate at the retreat is Dr. Noel Benedict, author of a book called The Naked Truth. The movie culminates in a sexual encounter between the two authors.<ref nameA Therapist And a Satirist Fall in Love |url9F0CE3DD1F3DF935A25757C0A965958260 |lastJanet |authorlinkThe New York Times |date2007-02-09 }}"] ['By Hook or by Crook chronicles the tale of two unlikely friends who commit petty crimes as they search for a path to understanding themselves and the outside world. Silas Howard plays Shy, a butch  who leaves his small town after the death of his father, and heads to the big city to live a life of crime. Along the way, he encounters Valentine, a quirky adoptee in search of his birth mother. Shy and Valentine, both born female, consider themselves men, and refer to themselves using male pronouns. An immediate kinship is sparked and they become partners in crime. Suffering money troubles, emotional problems, and physical confrontations, the duo face their issues head on and learn to trust each other and support each other in pursuit of their goals.'] ["Young and handsome Sergio  works the night shift as a trash collector in Lisbon. He is uninterested in his pretty female co-worker Fatima, who displays an avid interest in him, so instead Sergio roams the city. Eventually Sergio becomes fascinated with a sleek motorcycle and its arrogant owner - a young man totally indifferent to Sergio. Sergio's surfacing desires unleash his darkest impulses, sending him down a dangerous path of violence, depravity, and degradation."] ['The film is about a gay couple, Jørgen and Jacob, who live in a happy partnership. One day Jacob asks Jørgen to marry him, and he happily accepts. But then Jacob falls in love with the woman Caroline, who happens to be married to Tom - Jørgens brother! Jacob is torn, because he wants both Jørgen and Caroline. When he gets Caroline pregnant, he decides to marry her, but in the church, just before the "I do", he changes his mind.'] ["Prey for Rock & Roll is set in the Los Angeles club scene of the late 1980s and follows the story of Jacki  and her all-girl punk rock band, Clam Dandy. On the verge of turning 40, Jacki decides that if the band's one last shot at the big time is unsuccessful, she will give up her dreams of stardom. Along the way, the women are rocked by personal tragedies that threaten to break up the band before they can get their last shot at success."] ['As the film opens, Kermit, Miss Piggy, and their friends are graduating from Danhurst College and are performing in a variety show, Manhattan Melodies, on campus. Kermit believes that there is "something missing" from the script, but his friends suggest that the group take the show to Broadway. Miss Piggy, in particular, hopes to make enough money to marry Kermit as he has promised. Kermit and the others are so confident in the show that they anticipate becoming instant stars. First they start with New York producer Martin Price  who wants them to pay him the money for the show. Just then Martin\'s secretary Nancy  comes in with an elderly woman and two police officers where the elderly woman identifies Price as con artist Murray Plotsky. Plotsky tries to use Camilla the Chicken and Gonzo as hostages to get out only to be subdued by Animal and Camilla. The Muppets try other theatrical producers with no success. As the months pass and the group runs out of money, its members are forced to get jobs throughout the United States. Scooter gets a job as a house manager at a movie theater in Cleveland, Ohio where he finds the Swedish Chef as the popcorn server and Lew Zealand as a dedicated viewer of a 3-D movie. Fozzie joins some other bears in hibernating within the forests of Maine where has a hard time hibernating. Dr. Teeth and the Electric Mayhem have a gig in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania performing in a retirement home. Kermit stays in New York to work on the script and gets a job at a diner befriending the owner Pete  and his daughter Jenny , a waitress and aspiring fashion designer. Also working at the restaurant are Rizzo the Rat who secures employment for the other rats Tatooey, Masterson, Chester, and Yolanda. Later that night, Kermit climbs to the top of the Empire State Building and shouts from the top that he and his friends will soon be on Broadway. Unknown to Kermit, Miss Piggy also stayed behind. Kermit and Rizzo try to find a way to promote Kermit\'s play. First Kermit enters the Winesop Theatrical Agency to see producer Leonard Winesop . Pretending to be a fellow producer, he bluffs his way through an imprompt meeting praising the play , but Winesop discards the unread script soon after Kermit leaves the room. Then Kermit tries to get his picture on the wall of other famous people who dined at Sardi\'s Restaurant, ending up replacing a picture of Liza Minnelli. The rats assist Kermit by creating a whispering campaign amongst patrons. However, Liza eventually enters and ends up asking Vincent Sardi, Jr. why her portrait was taken down. One of the rats ends up giving themselves away by causing havoc when a waiter discovers Minnelli\'s portrait near the table where Kermit was sitting. This causes Kermit and the rats to be ejected from the restaurant. While in Central Park, Jenny comforts Kermit with his loss in the first two attempts. Miss Piggy, jealous of Jenny and Kermit\'s friendship, secretly spies on them before a purse snatcher  steals her purse causing her to borrow some skates from a roller skater . When Miss Piggy catches up to the purse snatcher, a police officer  arrests the purse snatcher just as Kermit and Jenny catch up with her. While Kermit and Miss Piggy argue about Kermit\'s relationship with Jenny, the roller skater unsuccessfully tries to reclaim his skates from Miss Piggy who then makes up with Kermit. After a ride around Central Park with Kermit, Miss Piggy also takes a job as a waitress at the same diner as Kermit. Kermit reads more letters from his friends while the rats handle a customer  that Miss Piggy was with. The letters from Kermit reveal that Gonzo and Camilla are in Michigan trying to make a successful water act. Rowlf is in Delaware working at a dog kennel where Mr. Skeffington  leaves his dog for the weekend. Another letter that Kermit got was from Bernard Crawford, a Broadway producer who is interested in producing Kermit\'s play. Kermit meets with Ronnie Crawford  who is willing to fund Manhattan Melodies in order to prove himself to his father, Bernard . In his excitement over having finally sold the play, Kermit fails to notice a "Don\'t Walk" sign and is hit by a car when making his way back to the restaurant. When Ronnie comes to the diner to bring up his father\'s approval to Miss Piggy, Jenny, and Pete, Miss Piggy has Pete send a telegram to the rest of Kermit\'s friends informing them to get to New York as quickly as they can. Fozzie ends up bringing the bears with him, Gonzo brings along some chickens, Rowlf brings along some dogs, Scooter brings Swedish Chef and Lew Zealand along, and the Electric Mayhem bring Dr. Bunsen Honeydew, Beaker, and Beauregard along. Kermit awakens in the hospital with no memory of his name, friends, or past. His doctor  tells Kermit to find a new life for himself. As "Phil," he finds a job at Mad Ave Advertising with fellow frogs Bill, Gil, and Jill while his friends, Jenny and Ronnie search the city for him ahead of the show\'s opening at the Biltmore Theater. After Kermit visits the diner with the frogs and plays the Manhattan Melodies theme \'Together Again\' with a spoon and glasses of water, his friends recognize him. Miss Piggy restores his memory with a punch after Kermit mocks the idea of romance between a pig and a frog. Kermit realizes that what the script needs is more "frogs and dogs and bears and chickens and whatever", not less, and adds the cast members\' many friends from around the country to the show as supernumeraries. With the expanded cast and Jenny\'s costumes, Manhattan Melodies is successful. On opening night, Piggy substitutes a real minister  for Gonzo in the wedding scene finale where the other Muppet characters, many of the characters from Sesame Street, and Uncle Traveling Matt from Fraggle Rock attend. Kermit is surprised, but willingly says "I do" and he and Miss Piggy happily wed.'] ['The core plot begins with the kidnapping of Patrick, the son of a wealthy industrialist. Sexual and romantic engtanglements push the drama forward. At the film\'s climax, Gudrun delivers a soliloquy on the importance of personal life in revolution. She puts particular emphasis on the breaking of heterosexual and possessive sexual norms, urging her comrades to join "The Homosexual Intifada". The pressure of Gudrun\'s controlling personality causes the group to break up. Most of the urban guerrillas escape into the night. In the dénouement, the characters are visited some time later. Several have found happiness in the homosexual relationships established during their revolutionary activities. Che has become a terrorist trainer in the Middle East. Patrick escapes with Clyde, where they embark on a spree of bank robberies. This action is reminiscent of Patty Hearst\'s actions with the SLA. Gudrun and Holger settle down and have a child named Ulrike , whom Gudrun believes could embody the next generation of the Red Army Faction.'] ['* 1986 - Thomás is born with his eyes closed, and he does not open them for several weeks following the birth. Julieta, his mother, is unconcerned, believing that when Thomás is ready and wants to open his eyes, he will. These events instill a strong belief in free will in young Thomás. One day, seemingly out of nowhere, Thomás opens his eyes, apparently to look directly at his five-year-old brother Francisco. * 1992 - Julieta is a wife and a loving mother, working in a hospital emergency department. Her free-spirited youngest son, Thomás, is the product of her marriage to her second husband Alexandre. Pedro, her first husband and father of her eldest son Francisco, lives in Argentina. Pedro and Julieta remain good friends. During childhood, Francisco and Thomás are very close, perhaps too close according to Pedro, with whom they spend a summer in Buenos Aires. * 2008 - Years later, when Francisco is 27 and Thomás 22, Julieta dies. The brothers become lovers and an unusual love story ensues.http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1440741/'] ['A diverse group of couples, lesbians, gays and straights, all frequent a local bar and struggle to accept each others lifestyles.'] ["Wealthy La Bessiere  tries to strike up an acquaintance with disillusioned nightclub singer Amy Jolly  on a ship bound for Morocco. Though polite, she later tears up and tosses away his calling card. They meet again at the nightclub where she is the headliner. Also in the audience is appreciative ladies man, Legionnaire Private Tom Brown . During her first performance, after kissing a woman in the audience, Amy slips Tom her key. He takes her up on her offer that night, and they become acquainted. He discovers that she has become embittered with life and men, but, as they talk, she finds herself coming to like him. Unwilling to risk heartbreak once again, she asks him to leave before anything serious happens. On the street, Tom encounters Legionnaire Adjutant Caesar's wife . It is clear that she has a past clandestine relationship with him, which she desires intensely to maintain. Her husband, Tom's commanding officer, watches undetected from the shadows, as Tom rejects her. Meanwhile, Amy changes her mind and seeks Tom out. Madame Caesar then hires two street ruffians to attack the couple. Tom manages to seriously wound both, while he and Amy escape unscathed. The next day, Tom is brought before Adjutant Caesar on the charge of injuring two allegedly harmless natives. Amy clears him, but Caesar makes him aware that he knows about Tom's involvement with his wife. Tom is ordered to leave for Amalfi Pass with a detachment commanded by Caesar. He suspects that Caesar intends to rid himself of his romantic rival. That night, Tom overhears La Bessiere, who has been courting Amy all along, offer to marry her. Though he has fallen in love with her himself, Tom decides that she would be better off with a rich man than with a poor Legionnaire. When Tom hides the depth of his feelings for her before his departure, Amy eventually accepts La Bessiere's proposal. On the march to Amalfi Pass, the detachment runs into a machine gun nest. Caesar orders Tom to deal with it, then decides to accompany him. Caesar is killed by the enemy. Later, at their engagement party, La Bessiere and Amy learn that what's left of Tom's detachment has returned. Frantic, Amy rushes outside, but learns that Tom was wounded and left behind to recuperate in a hospital. She informs La Bessiere that she must go to Tom that very night; wanting only her happiness, he drives her there. She finds that he has not been injured at all. Because he feigned being wounded to avoid returning, he has been assigned to a new unit, which is about to march away into the desert. Amy is torn, but when she sees a handful of native women stubbornly following the Legionnaires they love, she joins them."] ['In 1920s Los Angeles, single mother Christine Collins  returns home late from work to discover her nine-year-old son, Walter , is missing. The Reverend Gustav Briegleb  publicizes Christine\'s plight and rails against the Los Angeles Police Department  for its incompetence, corruption, and the extrajudicial punishment meted out by its "Gun Squad", led by Chief James E. Davis . Several months after Walter\'s disappearance, the LAPD tells Christine that he has been found alive. Believing the positive publicity will negate recent criticism of the department, the LAPD organizes a public reunion. Although "Walter"  claims he is Christine\'s son, she says he is not. Captain J. J. Jones , the head of the LAPD\'s Juvenile Division, insists the boy is Walter and pressures Christine into taking him home "on a trial basis". After Christine confronts Jones with physical discrepancies between "Walter" and her son, Jones arranges for a medical doctor to visit her. He tells Christine that "Walter" is shorter than before his disappearance because trauma has shrunk his spine, and that the person who took Walter had him circumcised. Briegleb tells Christine it was planted by police to discredit her. Walter\'s teacher and dentist give Christine signed letters confirming "Walter" is an impostor. Christine tells her story to the press; as a result, Jones sends her to Los Angeles County Hospital\'s "psychopathic ward". She befriends inmate Carol Dexter , who tells Christine she is one of several women who were sent there for challenging police authority. Dr. Steele  deems Christine delusional and forces her to take mood-regulating pills. Steele says he will release Christine if she admits she was mistaken about "Walter"; she refuses. Detective Ybarra  travels to a ranch in Wineville, Riverside County, to arrange the deportation of 15-year-old Sanford Clark to Canada. The boy\'s uncle, Gordon Northcott , has fled after Ybarra unwittingly alerted him to his visit. Clark tells Ybarra that Northcott forced him to help kidnap and murder around 20 boys and identifies Walter as one of them. Jones tells Briegleb that Christine is in protective custody following a mental breakdown. Jones orders Clark\'s deportation, but Ybarra makes Clark reveal the murder site. Briegleb secures Christine\'s release by showing Steele a newspaper story about the Wineville killings that names Walter as a possible victim. "Walter" reveals his motive was to secure transport to Los Angeles to see his favorite actor, Tom Mix, and says the police told him to lie about being Christine\'s son. The RCMP capture Northcott in Vancouver, Canada. Christine\'s attorney  secures a court order for the release of the other unfairly imprisoned women. On the day of the city council\'s hearing into the case, Christine and Briegleb arrive at Los Angeles City Hall, where they encounter thousands of protesters demanding answers from the city. The hearing is intercut with scenes from Northcott\'s trial. The council concludes that Jones and Davis should be removed from duty, and that extrajudicial internments by police must be reviewed. Northcott\'s jury finds him guilty of murder and the judge sentences him to death by hanging. Two years later, Christine has not given up her search for Walter. Northcott sends her a message saying he is willing to tell her what happened to Walter on condition that Christine meet him before his execution. She visits Northcott, but he refuses to tell her if he killed her son. Northcott is executed the next day. In 1935, David Clay—one of the boys assumed to have been killed—is found alive. He reveals that one of the boys with whom he was imprisoned was Walter, who courageously came back to help David get through the barbed wires. David, Walter and two other boys escaped, but were separated. David does not know whether Walter was recaptured, giving Christine hope he is still alive.'] ['Four Atlanta businessmen, Lewis , Ed , Bobby  and Drew , decide to canoe down the Cahulawassee River in the remote Georgia wilderness, expecting to have fun and see the glory of nature before the river valley is flooded by the construction of a dam. Lewis, an experienced outdoorsman, is the leader. Ed is also a veteran of several trips but lacks Lewis\' machismo. Bobby and Drew are novices. The four are clearly the outsiders in this rural location. The crude locals are unimpressed by the "city boys;" it is also implied that some of the locals are inbred. While attempting to secure drivers for their vehicles , Drew briefly connects with a local banjo-playing boy by joining him in an impromptu bluegrass jam. When they finish, however, the boy turns away without saying anything, refusing the effusive Drew\'s handshake. The four men exhibit a slightly condescending attitude toward the locals; Bobby, in particular, is very patronizing and even derides the locals to his companions for seeming to display genetic defects. The men spend the day canoeing down the river in pairs before camping by the riverside at night. Shortly before they retire for bed, Lewis tells the others to be quiet and disappears into the dark woods to investigate a sound he heard. He returns shortly and says that he did not find anything. When asked whether he heard something or someone, he tells them he does not know. While traveling the next day, the group\'s two canoes are separated. Pulling ashore to get their bearings, Bobby and Ed encounter a pair of unkempt hillbillies emerging from the woods, one toothless and carrying a shotgun. After some tense conversation in which the hillbillies appear to be goading the others, Ed speculates that the two locals have a moonshine still hidden in the woods and Bobby amicably offers to buy some. The hillbillies are not moved and Bobby is forced at gunpoint to strip naked. Bobby is next chased, humiliated, ordered to "squeal like a pig" and is then violently sodomized. Ed is unable to help because he has been tied to a tree and is held by the toothless hillbilly. Meanwhile, Lewis and Drew dock their canoe. Hearing the commotion, Lewis secretly sneaks up and kills the rapist with an arrow from his hunting bow; Ed grabs the shotgun as the other captor quickly vanishes into the woods. Lewis and Drew argue about whether to inform the authorities. Lewis insists that they would not receive a fair trial and that the jury would be composed of the dead man\'s friends and relatives. Bobby agrees and does not want the incident of his rape to become public. Lewis tells them that since the entire area would be flooded by a lake soon, the body will never be found and the escaped hillbilly could not inform the authorities since he had participated in the incident. The men vote 3-to-1 to side with Lewis\' recommendation to bury the dead hillbilly\'s body and continue as though nothing had happened. During the digging, Drew, the lone dissenting voter, is clearly upset and having trouble coming to terms with the decision. The four make a run for it downriver, cutting their trip short, but soon disaster strikes as the canoes reach a dangerous stretch of rapids. In the lead canoe, Ed repeatedly implores Drew to don his life jacket, but Drew ignores him without a word of explanation. As Drew and Ed reach the rapids, Drew\'s head appears to shake and he falls forward into the river. After Drew disappears into the river, Ed loses control of his canoe and both canoes collide with the rocks, spilling Lewis, Bobby and Ed into the river. Lewis breaks his leg and the others are washed ashore alongside him. The badly-injured Lewis believes the toothless hillbilly shot Drew and is now stalking them. Later that night, under cover of darkness, Ed climbs a nearby rock face in order to dispatch the suspected shooter using his bow, while Bobby stays behind to look after Lewis. Ed reaches the top and hides out until the next morning, when he sees the man he was looking for standing on the cliff holding a rifle, looking down into the gorge where Lewis and Bobby are hiding. The man appears to be the hillbilly that escaped through the woods. Ed, a champion archer who earlier lost his nerve while aiming at a deer, again freezes in spite of his clear shot. The man notices him and fires as the former champion clumsily releases his arrow. Ed falls to the ground in a panic and accidentally stabs himself with another of his arrows. The man reaches the wounded Ed and is about to kill him when he collapses, revealing Ed\'s arrow sticking through the man\'s neck. Ed remembers that the hillbilly who tried to assault him had no front teeth, and upon initial examination, the dead man seems to have all of them. Ed examines his victim\'s dentition more closely and discovers he has a partial, movable plate for his front two missing teeth. Ed lowers the body down the cliff with a rope and climbs down after it. His rope breaks and he falls in the river, but swims to shore and meets with Bobby and Lewis. Bobby asks more than once if Ed is certain the dead man is the same as the one they confronted earlier. Ed, clearly irritated and not completely sure himself, snaps at Bobby and asks him to confirm the man\'s identity. Ed and Bobby weigh the dead hillbilly down with stones and drop him into the river. Later, they come upon Drew\'s grotesquely-contorted corpse and after being unable to find any definite gunshot wound, they also weigh it down into the river. Ed points out that they don\'t want the authorities examining Drew\'s body and possibly discovering a gunshot wound. Ed gives a short eulogy and sinks it in the river to ensure that it will never be found. With Lewis injured and Drew dead, Ed now becomes the leader, trying to ensure their story is consistent, knowing the local authorities will investigate. When they finally reach their destination, the town of Aintry, which will soon be submerged by the river and is being evacuated, they take the injured Lewis to the local hospital while the sheriff comes to investigate the incident. One of the Deputies, named Arthur Queen, has a missing brother-in-law  and is highly suspicious. Ed and Bobby visit Lewis\' hospital room to make sure Lewis\' version of events is consistent with theirs. They are unsure if the apparently unconscious Lewis understands them, however as the doctors enter, Lewis appears to awaken, gives Ed and Bobby a knowing wink and says he remembers nothing. Later, as the men prepare to drive home, the sheriff suddenly asks Ed why there were four life jackets when only Lewis, Ed and Bobby came out of the river. Stammering, Bobby suggests there may have been an extra one, then realizes his mistake. But Ed says no, that Drew was not wearing his life jacket and he does not know why. The sheriff remains suspicious, but having no evidence simply tells Ed, "Don\'t ever do nothin\' like this again. Don\'t come back up here. I\'d kinda like to see this town die peaceful," to which Ed readily agrees. The men vow to keep their story a secret for the rest of their lives, which proves to be psychologically burdensome for Ed; in the final scene, he awakes screaming from a nightmare in which a dead man\'s hand rises from the lake.'] ['La Primera Noche tells the story of a pair of farmers who have been displaced from their territory - a place isolated from this world, in which they have lived their childhood and their youth - and have been brutally sent to face the streets of an unknown city, enormous and ruthless. The conflicts of this country condemns Toño  and Paulina , the protagonists, to the exile, but they live another drama that torments them. The suffering, the disappointment, the loving disappointment nests in their interior. Each of them feels lonely, incapable of assuming the pain of the other, and much less to see themselves as part of a couple. Their passion could open the door than no one will, but Toño and Paulina find in love the force that repels them and that does not help them survive.'] ['The film revolves around high school student Kyle ([[Chris Evans , who needs a high score on the SAT to get into his preferred architecture program at Cornell University. He constantly compares himself to his older brother Larry, who is now living above his parents\' garage. Kyle\'s best friend, Matty , wants to get a high score so he can go to the same college as his girlfriend, but he is an underachiever who had previously received a low score on his PSAT. They both believe that the SAT is standing in the way of their futures. The two boys realize that fellow student Francesca Curtis\'  father owns the building that houses the regional office of ETS, where the answers to the SAT are located. Francesca initially doesn\'t want to help but changes her mind, saying "What the hell? It sounds like fun." Meanwhile, Kyle becomes attracted to Anna Ross , the second-highest ranked student in the school, and tells her about the plan. Anna had bombed a previous SAT and needs a good score to get into Brown University. However, Matty doesn\'t like the fact that she now knows about the plan and has an outburst, right in the presence of stoner Roy , who then has to be included in the heist. And finally, Anna tells the school basketball star Desmond Rhodes , who needs a score of 900 or better to join the basketball team at St. John\'s University. An early attempt to break into the ETS offices fails, but the team then devises another plan. On the eve of the exam, Francesca will arrange for Kyle and Matty to have a meeting near the top floor, staying after closing. The other three will wait outside and watch the night guard until Francesca, Kyle, and Matty have successfully stolen the answers. The first part of the plan goes well, with Francesca, Kyle, and Matty successfully dodging security cameras and the night guard. However, the answers are located on a computer, and only the technical genius Roy can crack the password; he and the other two get into the building, and Roy correctly guesses the password after seeing a photograph of an employee. Still, the answers can\'t be printed, so the group decides to take the test with their combined knowledge and get the answers that way. In the early hours of morning, they are finished and have all the answers written down. Just then, the guard ascends the stairs, and they try to escape through the ceiling; however, Francesca is left behind and is about to be discovered, so Matty purposefully gives himself up in order to save her. Everyone else escapes, but each faces a certain confrontation before the exam: Kyle\'s brother asks him if he\'s really worse than a thief, Matty is bailed out by Francesca, Anna finds independence from her parents, and Desmond\'s mother convinces Roy to quit drugs. Before the SAT testing begins, the group realizes that, although it will help get them what they want, they would be better off without cheating. Roy grabs the answers and distributes them in the bathroom. After the decision, Matty comments that "this whole thing was for nothing." Kyle replies, "I wouldn\'t say nothing," as he glances at Anna. Matty and Francesca also share a look, as they have presumably started a relationship, too. Each person eventually gets their desired test score without the answers: Kyle\'s dream of becoming an architect is still alive by attending Syracuse University, Desmond ends up going to St. John\'s, Matty becomes an actor, Francesca writes a novel , and Anna decides to travel Europe for awhile before starting college. As for Roy - the narrator of the movie - he earned the highest SAT in the county, and, under Desmond\'s mom\'s guidance, he gets a GED. He then puts his untapped intelligence to use through programming, becoming a successful video game designer.'] ["Ibrahim is a 27-year old Muslim born in Belgium. He lives in a multicultural residential area with his parents. He is integrated in western society. That's why he prefers to be called Bram, a frequently used Belgian boys name. Although his father was born in the Netherlands and his mother in Belgium the family still sticks to many Turkish traditions. Furkan, Bram's brother, frequently skips class. When Bram confronts Kevin, last one blackmails his brother as Bram frequently visits the gay nightlife. If Bram does not inform their parents about the skipping, Furkan will also hold his tongue. There are also rumours about Bram's sexual orientation in the Turkish pub. Bram's father refutes the gossips as his son is going to visit Turkey to meet his niece Elif. Both parents have planned an arranged marriage. In meantime, Bram met Kevin, a 19 year old Belgian boy who helps his mother in a bistro. Kevin's mother is almost sure her son is gay. She is also convinced Bram got the hots for Kevin as he visits the bistro quite often and can't keep his eyes of Bram. That's why she sent both boys in the nightlife, but Kevin does not wave the flag and both only become good-befriended. When Bram is about to leave to Turkey, it turns out he also bought tickets for Kevin who will join him. In Turkey Kevin doesn't hide his feelings anymore and the two start a secret love affair. This is however noticed by one of the hotel clerks. Last one is also in love with Elif, but is rejected since Elif knows she's going to move to Belgium. The hotel clerk is jealous and takes photos when Bram and Kevin are making love. Bram meets Elif and all paperwork to get her a Belgian visa are prepared. The hotel clerk gives the photos to Elif. Although she is shocked, she decides to go to Belgium as she only hopes for a better life. After a week, Bram and Kevin fly back to Belgium. Bram thinks Elif should stay in Turkey as women are more emancipated there as the Turkish women in Belgium. In meantime, Furkan became member of an Islamic fundamental religious group. They want to introduce Sharia in Belgium and want shopkeepers only to sell halal. Furthermore, they make as much photos as possible of all kind of police interventions and try to convince the Muslim inhabitants the police is against them. Furkan's father is upset as some members of the group had connections with Taliban and Osama Bin Laden. The rejected hotel clerk sends the photos to Belgium. Bram admits he is gay and in love with Kevin. He is not willing to have a marriage with Elif in which both of them will be unlucky. As from now, Bram is abandoned by his family. But the word is spreading and soon the whole family is being neglected by the Muslim community. Furkan wants his family to be honoured again and he dreams of a honour killing in which he massacres Kevin by cutting off his neck. His action is approved by the fundamental group. Just before entering the bistro, Furkan is stabbed by a youth gang as he once beaten up one of those members. Due to quick interaction of Bram, Furkan's life can be saved. Bram is reunited with is family in the hospital and leaves Kevin behind."] ['Jorge is a young man whose plans for the future are put on hold when his father has a stroke. For seven years, he diligently nurses his father and works as a janitor while studying part time to get a business degree. When Natalia, his childhood crush, returns from a stint studying abroad, Jorge begins to yearn for something better. He is desperate to find a new and better job, but finds that no one will hire him because he has experience only as a janitor. Antonio, Jorge’s older brother, soon to be released from jail, is an opportunist who has never gotten along with their father. In prison, at a theater workshop, Antonio meets Paula, a beautiful young woman in jail on drug charges. Paula has a problem because she flirted with another inmate\'s boyfriend. Violently harassed in jail, she wants to get pregnant in order to be moved out of harm\'s way into the jail\'s maternity ward. Antonio initially just wants to have sex with her, but soon he falls in love with Paula. He wants to help her to get pregnant, but he discovers that he is sterile. Everything changes when Antonio gets out of prison. He plays on Jorge\'s good nature to get him to step in during conjugal visits and help impregnate his jailbird girlfriend, Paula. Jorge reluctantly agrees, even though it might get in the way of his long-term on-off relationship with Natalia. Meanwhile, Jorge\'s best friend Israel secretly photographs men visiting an erotic masseur. He finds out that his father is one of the clients and thinks that he is gay. Irritated with his father\'s hypocrisy, Israel initially starts anonymously blackmailing him. However, he later begins to question his own sexuality when he dares to visit the erotic masseur, following in his father\'s footsteps. Jorge\'s relationship with Natalia becomes difficult after she tries to get him a job where she works but he is only offered a position as a janitor. Then Antonio finds out that their father has an undisclosed bank account full of money. Jorge makes regular "face-to-face" visits to the women\'s prison to carry out his brother\'s wishes and, inevitably, begins to fall for Paula. Gradually, they develop an unusual relationship. She gets pregnant and through her, Jorge learns to stop feeling responsible for everything and finally confront his own wishes, ignoring what the world expects of him. He breaks his relationship with Natalia and decides to wait for Paula’s release. The relationship of the two brothers survives Jorge\'s emotional involvement. Antonio fails to retrieve the money his father has had in a secret bank account. Israel confronts both of his parents and his own sexual identity, finally achieving some degree of peace. Jorge and Paula have a baby daughter. He moves from the building where he has worked and lived for so many years, finding a new job as a janitor. When Jorge thinks of escaping his dead-end life, he dreams of a suit, which is dark blue, almost black. At the end, he takes Israel’s car, breaks the store window and grabs the dark blue suit.'] ["Danny , a saxophonist with a travelling band, witnesses the gangland murder of the band's manager  and that of a deaf and mute girl witness at a dancehall in South Armagh. Danny tries to hunt down the murderers and in doing so his relationship with Deirdre, the singer in his band, falls apart and he becomes a murderer himself."] ['Set in a Baltimore neighborhood known for having the thickest local accent, Pecker tells the story of an unassuming 18-year-old who works in a sandwich shop and takes photos of his loving but peculiar family and friends on the side. Pecker , so named for his childhood habit of "pecking" at his food, stumbles into fame when his work is "discovered" by a savvy New York art dealer, Rorey Wheeler . Pecker\'s pictures — grainy, out-of-focus studies of unglamorous subjects — are far from professional, but they strike a chord with New York art collectors. Unfortunately, instant over-exposure has its downside. Rorey\'s efforts to turn Pecker into an art sensation threaten to ruin the low-key lifestyle that was his inspiration. Pecker finds that his best friend, Matt , can\'t shoplift anymore now that Pecker\'s photographs have increased his profile. Shelley , Pecker\'s obsessive girlfriend who runs a laundromat, seems especially distressed when the press dub her a "stain goddess" and mistake her good-natured "pin-up" poses for pornographic come-ons. When his family is dubbed "culturally challenged" by an overzealous critic, they begin to feel the uncomfortable glare of stardom. Pecker\'s mother  is no longer free to dispense fashion tips to the homeless clientele at her thrift shop. Pecker\'s grandmother, Memama , endures public ridicule when her experience with a talking statue of the Virgin Mary is exposed on the cover of a national art magazine. Tina , Pecker\'s fag hag older sister, is fired from her job emceeing go-go dancing at a gay bar because Pecker\'s edgy photographs chronicle the sex practices of the club\'s patrons. Even Little Chrissy , his six-year-old sister, feels the pressure of celebrity when her eating disorder is exposed, bringing unwanted attention from nosy child welfare agencies  After Pecker\'s newfound fame disrupts the lives of his family and friends, Pecker turns the tables on the art world by refusing to participate in a scheduled show at the Whitney Museum of Art. Instead, he forces New York art collectors to come to Baltimore to see his latest photographs, which portray the same people who disparaged his family in an unflattering light  Pecker is then asked what he plans to do next. He replies that he would like to direct a film.'] ["Iliac is a young masseur who went home to Pampanga to find out that his bedridden father is dead. Iliac assists in the preparation of his father's burial including dressing his dead father up inside the morgue."] ['{{Plot}} Zac was born on Christmas 1960. At his request, his mother, Laurianne, bought him a baby carriage at age 6, but his father, Gervais, made her return it, telling her it would "turn him into a fairy." Zac brags about Gervais to his classmates, adding "For a few precious years, I was his favorite." He describes his three older brothers as “morons” and Raymond as his “sworn enemy”. When the family\'s fifth son, Yvan, is born, Laurianne lets Zac push Yvan\'s stroller around the block. On Christmas 1967, Gervais comes home to find Zac wearing his mother\'s clothes and jewelry and talking to baby Yvan as his mother. Gervais finds his favorite Patsy Cline record, an imported collector\'s edition featuring the song “Crazy”, smashed into pieces; Zac confesses it was an accident. Gervais confides in his wife that Zac has "changed" and "dresses like a girl”. Laurianne says he is “gentle”. Overhearing them, Zac prays not to be "soft". Laurianne takes him to see "the Tupperware lady," who convinces Laurianne of Zac’s gift for healing people. In 1975 Zac, his cousin Brigitte, and her boyfriend Paul smoke a joint together, and a "shotgun" sparks Zac’s sexual attraction to Paul. Later, Michelle, Zac\'s friend, tries to kiss him, but Zac urges her to stop before she ruins their friendship. Disappointed to learn Brigitte has a new Italian boyfriend, still haunted by the memory of Paul, and hoping to cure his asthma, Zac deliberately runs a red light on his motorcycle. He is struck by a car and hospitalized. Zac later learns Brigitte is back with Paul. Toto, one of Zac\'s classmates, makes a sexual advance toward Zac and begins to follow him. Zac begins a sexual relationship with Michelle, but one day while the two are in the park, he notices Toto watching and later beats up Toto at school. Zac\'s relationship with Michelle causes his father to ease off. However, Gervais sees Zac and Toto stepping out of his car as Zac adjusts his crotch. Gervais angrily confronts him, saying what he did was wrong. Gervais tells Laurianne that homosexuality is learned and unnatural and determines to strip Zac of it through therapy. Zac tells the therapist that he and Toto masturbated together in the car but did not touch each other. The therapist says that Zac intentionally, albeit subconsciously, did it so his father would catch him and accept Zac\'s homosexuality. At Christmas dinner in 1980, Zac and Michelle\'s relationship has become closer and more physical. Christian announces his engagement. Raymond moves back in with his parents, constantly borrowing money, not returning it, and lying to his parents about staying clean. Outside Christian\'s wedding reception, Zac and Paul are viewed by a passer-by who mistakenly believes they are kissing and informs another guest. Gervais overhears, and confronts Zac, and Zac confesses that he and Paul were giving each other shotguns. Gervais does not believe him. Zac yells, “Yeah, something happened, but not with him! You know with who. Nothing happened earlier, but I would\'ve fucking loved it if something had!" A sobbing, eavesdropping Michelle runs out of hiding. Zac flies to Jerusalem. Disgusted with himself after a gay sexual escapade, he walks into the desert and collapses in exhaustion. At the same time in Quebec, his mother awakens, splashing water on her face while Zac lies in the desert. A Bedouin, who has found Zac, is dripping water on Zac\'s face and takes Zac into his care. Zac returns home to find Raymond has been hospitalized after a heroin overdose. Gervais admits partial blame for Raymond and Zac\'s troubles but also admits an inability to accept Zac\'s homosexuality. Zac makes amends with Michelle. Raymond dies. After the funeral, "Crazy" plays as the brothers say goodbye to their parents, each seeming surprised to receive a hug from Gervais, Zac’s especially emotional. At the end of the movie, Zac narrates, "I don\'t know if it was Raymond\'s passing, or if time heals all wounds, but my father had become my father once more. Although, it took him 10 years to allow me into his home with a lover, and we\'ve never mentioned our differences since nor Patsy Cline.”'] ["The film opens with Carla Bennett  and Lou  waiting in front of a New York building where their boyfriends live. In conversing, they find out Blake Allen  is their duplicitous boyfriend. In the first minutes of the film Blake is revealed to be a narcissistic actor, dating both of them on the side while claiming to visit his ill mother on the other days. The women wait for Blake inside his loft and confront him together. The remainder of the film takes place inside the loft, where Blake tries to talk his way out of trouble. In the end, both girls reveal that they have been unfaithful. Carla and Blake have sex, but Lou's suggestion of a threesome is rejected. His mother dies at the end of the film and Carla comforts him."] ["Alex  is a 15-year-old intersex person, with both male and female genitals, who has been living as a girl and using medicines to suppress masculine features, such as a beard, and to attempt to have more feminine features. However, recently Alex has stopped taking her medication. Alex's parents moved with her from Argentina to a village by the sea in Uruguay, to avoid society's negative stigma. Her father, Néstor Kraken , is a marine biologist who has written a book on sexuality and makes a living treating wounded animals found by fishermen. Her mother, Suli , invites friends from Argentina: a surgeon, his wife and teenage son Álvaro . The purpose, unknown to Néstor and Alex, is to discuss the possibilities of a gender reassignment operation. Alex directly tells Álvaro that she would like to have sex with him. Alex seduces Álvaro and begins to have anal intercourse with him , but they are interrupted when Néstor catches sight of them through an open door. When Alex later apologizes, Álvaro admits that he liked it. Three boys from the village forcibly pull down Alex's pants to see her genitals. Néstor realizes that reporting this to the police would cause the whole village to know about Alex's condition. However, Alex decides that it does not matter. Alex also decides that she does not want to resume taking medicines or have an operation."] ["Seven students answer an advertisement to participate in an experiment to explore how the sensation of pain can be eliminated. Arriving at a secluded institute, they are welcomed by mysterious and eccentric scientist JB Divay . But when students begin to disappear one by one, they begin to question JB's true intentions. In a final showdown, Jason  confronts her and discovers his boyfriend Kyle  strapped to a table beneath her final experiment, inches away from the razor's edge."] ['Hanna is living on a farm with her grandparents and mentally handicapped uncle when she gets her first period. The onset of puberty  trigger her decision to return to her parents in Montreal. Returning to the city, Hanna resumes her relationships with her depressive mother, her erratic father and her brother, who is understandably usually absent from home. Hanna\'s mother, a fashion designer, has put aside all of her artistic dreams in favour of devoting all her time to supporting Hanna\'s father, an unpublished writer she believes to be a genius. Hanna\'s father, distant and erratic, gets a job working for a newspaper, but soon quits, and spends all day playing chess in a café while his wife thinks he is at work. Hanna is fascinated with Anna Karina\'s character in the Jean-Luc Godard film "Vivre sa vie" and spends much of her time watching the film and practicing mimicking her cool detachment. She also begins to be aware of her sexuality, developing a crush on a female teacher, and kissing another girl, Laura, at a school dance. Hanna\'s mother attempts suicide, and while she is recovering, Hanna is sent to get a loaf of bread by her father. The baker gropes her; then gives her money. Hanna attempts to set Laura up with Paul; however, it is clear that the inclusion of the boy is a pretense meant to somehow undercut the implications of her attraction to Laura. This culminates in a game of Spin the bottle between the three. Hanna decides to experiment with being a prostitute, like her idol Anna Karina, but at the last moment changes her mind. However, her john refuses to let her back out, and forces himself on her. As the school year ends, Hannah\'s mother returns to her family, and Hannah finds a new way to express herself and cope with the world using a film camera lent to her by her teacher.'] ['Twenty-eight-year-old Jessica Stein, a Jewish copyeditor living and working in New York City, is plagued by failed blind dates with men, and decides to answer a newspaper\'s personal advertisement containing a quote from Rilke that she had read and admired earlier. The advertisement has been placed by Helen Cooper, a thirtysomething bisexual art gallerist who is seeking a lesbian relationship to replace her unsatisfying and meaningless sex with men. Given some of the men Jessica is shown to be test-dating at the start of the film, ranging from borderline gay to nerd, some would probably say that it\'s no surprise she\'d want to fan out her prospects a little. As nervous as Jessica is about dating Helen, she realizes after a surprise kiss that even a different experience can be good. Through the early part of their relationship, Jessica finds in Helen everything she\'d dreamed of finding in a man. They are compatible, they like many of the same things, and they are caring for one another. Even when Helen gets sick&mdash;which she says earlier in the film never happens to her&mdash;Jessica is there to care for her. The only predicament for the relationship is Jessica\'s nervousness concerning same-sex intimacy. Over the early weeks of their relationship, she and Helen slowly work on building up her confidence in this area by gradually extended make-out sessions. Eventually, they graduate to full intimacy, which is initiated by Jessica during an over night stay at her parents\' home in Scarsdale. In spite of Jessica\'s happiness with Helen, she keeps the relationship secret. Jessica\'s secrecy means that she has to endure scenes that would not happen had she been open about the two of them. One example occurs during a dinner to celebrate her brother\'s engagement. Her mother had invited an IBM executive in hopes of setting him up with Jessica. Helen and Jessica later get into a quarrel about Jessica\'s refusal to inform her family of their relationship, resulting in an apparent breakup. It isn\'t until later, as her brother\'s wedding approaches, that her mother figures out that they are dating. Her mother reminds Jessica of when she was little and had been given the lead in the school play, but after the first rehearsal, Jessica had deemed her co-star not to be up to the task. She quit the play because she thought the play wouldn\'t be "the best ever." Her mother says that she worries about Jessica having this attitude towards life, and that sometimes she thinks back to that night and thinks that if Jessica went on, maybe it wouldn\'t have been the best, but it might have been pretty good&mdash;and who knows, maybe it would have been the best ever. She then tells Jessica that she thinks Helen "is a very nice girl." This acceptance on her mother\'s part gives Jessica the confidence to come out in the open with her relationship with Helen, and invites her as her guest to her brother\'s wedding. Helen quickly becomes popular with the other women at the reception, who don\'t seem to mind at all her lesbian relationship with Jessica. At the same time, Jessica gets a love confession from her ex-beau and current boss Josh, who declares he\'s had for a long time feelings for her. Jessica rejects him, explaining that she already has Helen. Jessica and Helen move in together, but their relationship, while good in most respects, begins to suffer from a lack of frequent sexual intimacy. Jessica\'s behavior towards Helen is more akin to that of a sister or friend rather than a sexual partner. The relationship ends amidst Jessica\'s tears and Helen\'s realization that she wants more than Jessica is willing to offer. After moving beyond the heartbreak, Jessica and Helen appear to remain friends, and it is suggested that Jessica might have now a renewed interest in Josh, after both have left the newspaper where they both previously worked.'] ['Three Veils is about three young Middle-Eastern women living in the U.S, each with her own personal story. Leila  is engaged to be married, however as the wedding night approaches, she becomes less and less sure. Amira  is a devout Muslim, but is dealing with her deep repressions about her intimate feelings toward women. Nikki  is acting out her promiscuity as she battles her own demons after a tragic death in the family. As the film progresses, all three stories unfold and blend into each other as connections are revealed between the three women.'] ["The film is structured as a series of interconnected flashbacks. Following the death of his father Hal, Oliver reflects on their relationship following the death of Oliver's mother, Georgia. Shortly after her death, Hal came out to his son and began exploring life as an openly gay man. He becomes active in the gay community, finds love and becomes more honest with himself and with his son. As a result, Oliver and Hal become closer during this time. Shortly after Hal's death, Oliver meets Anna, a French actress, at a party. Inspired by his father's attitude towards the end of his life and their relationship, Oliver decides to pursue a romance with her."] ["Social worker Nina Borowski  is a bright young woman living in a cozy Brooklyn apartment. Nina attends a party given by her stepsister Constance  and her husband, Sidney . There Nina meets George Hanson , a young, handsome, and gay first grade teacher. Nina tells George that her stepsister is constantly trying to fix her up with somebody from higher society, completely ignoring the fact that Nina has a boyfriend, Vince . During the conversation, Nina offers George a room in her apartment as she has just heard from his boyfriend, Dr. Robert Joley , that George is looking for somewhere to live. George, not knowing about Robert's plans, is taken aback and heartbroken, and after the party the two split up. George accepts Nina's offer and moves into her apartment. The two soon become best friends; they watch films together and go ballroom dancing. Everything is perfect until Nina announces that she is pregnant. Vince  wants to marry her, but his constant care drives Nina crazy; she leaves him and asks George to help her bring up her child. For some time, they live together in her apartment in Brooklyn. Everything is perfect again until Nina finds that her love for George is growing every day, especially after he tells her he had a girlfriend in high school, leading her to believe he might change his ways. One afternoon, George and Nina are about to have sex when George gets a phone call from Robert who tells him how much he has missed him and invites him away for the weekend. George is confused but agrees to go. Nina feels threatened and gets jealous. George and Robert do not get back together, but George meets Paul James , a young actor, and the two fall in love and have sex. Meanwhile, Nina is staying with Constance at a vacation mansion and is extremely moody. She has a horrible time and decides to head back home and asks George if he would return as well. She is mugged on the way back through the city, and then gets a ride home from a friendly police officer, Louis . Nina and George decide to invite Paul and his elderly acting mentor, Rodney, over for Thanksgiving. Paul stays the night and has sex with George, resulting in a fallout between George and Nina. The following day, they start arguing again at George's brother's wedding. Nina fully explains to George her feelings for him. George, who loves Nina as his best friend, tells her that he wants to be with Paul. A few hours later, Nina gives birth to a beautiful girl whom she names Molly. Vince comes to visit the hospital, ecstatic, but, soon after arriving, he leaves to fill out paperwork leaving Nina and George alone with Molly. Nina asks George when he plans to move out to which he replies that he doesn't know. She asks him to please move out of her apartment before she gets home from hospital, stating that it would hurt her too much to have him stay any longer knowing that he doesn't love her. The end of the film takes place at George's school eight years later, in which all of the characters go to see Molly in a musical production that George has directed. Nina is now in a relationship with Louis, and George is with Paul, both of them now happy. The film ends as Nina, George, and young Molly   walk together down the sidewalk, hand-in-hand, on their way to get coffee."] ['When the Fabre family move into their dream house with wonderful neighbors, everything seems perfect except for one thing - the youngest child Ludovic is a transgender girl; while she was born biologically male, she knows that she is a girl and wants to live as female. The rest of the family humor her as best they can, rationalizing that Ludovic is only trying to find her identity and will be over it soon. Trouble begins when Ludovic befriends Jérôme, the son of her father\'s boss, and expresses a desire to marry him when Ludovic is finally "not a boy." When visiting Jérôme\'s house, Ludovic enters his sister\'s room and puts on one of her dresses, not realizing that the sister is deceased and the room was merely kept in memory of her. Jérôme\'s mother sees this and she and the rest of the neighbors are horrified. The community turns against Ludovic and, by extension, the rest of the Fabre family. After Ludovic stands in as Snow White in a school play, the parents of the other students send in a petition to have her expelled. Ludovic\'s father, under strain as an employee of Jérôme\'s father, is unable to cope and causes conflict within the family. After a particularly bad argument, Ludovic attempts to mend the situation by hiding in a freezer to commit suicide. She is found in time and allowed to wear a skirt to a neighborhood party. While the other neighbors greet him warmly, the father gets fired the next day and finds his house spray painted with graffiti. Ludo runs out of the house saying she got her period. Hannah, Ludovic\'s mother, gets furious at Ludo for saying that. She blames Ludovic for everything that has gone wrong. Hannah wants to set Ludo straight so she cuts her hair to make her look like her brothers. Ludo hates her mother for doing this and wants to live with her grandmother. When Ludo and her grandmother go visit Ludo\'s parents one weekend, the father announces that he has a new job but it\'s out of town, and they have to move. At their new house, Ludovic is befriended by Christine "Chris" Delvigne, a female-to-male transgender boy. Chris\'s mother invites Ludovic to Chris\' dress-up birthday party, which she attends in a musketeer outfit. Chris, unhappy in his princess outfit, asks Ludo to swap and has her friends force Ludo to do so when she refuses. When Ludovic\'s mother sees her in the dress, she fears that their troubles are beginning again and lashes out by hitting her until the other party guests restrain her. She follows Ludovic to a billboard where she is shocked to see Ludovic in the picture, running away with a living Barbie-like doll named Pam. When she tries to follow, she falls through the ground and awakens at home. She and Ludovic\'s father assure Ludo that she may wear skirts if she wishes and she in turn assures her mother that she never really intended to run away with Pam.'] ['Saving Face follows Wilhelmina , a young Chinese American surgeon, as she deals with her unwed mother\'s pregnancy, and the obligations of her dancer girlfriend Vivian. Wil struggles with allocating time between her mother  who is shunned by the Chinese American community of Flushing for being pregnant and unwed and thus has come to live with Wil. Upon Vivian\'s wishes, she presents Vivian to her mother as a friend so that they can meet. At the same time, Gao must decide whether the demands of her father\'s reputation, or the demands of her own heart, are more important. She soon realizes that she must marry a man named Cho to regain her father\'s "face" and not be an embarrassment to her family. Wil then finds out that her mother is in love with someone else and rushes to break up her wedding. At the same time Wil loses Vivian because she is afraid of being with her publicly. Vivian leaves for Paris. After three months, Vivian\'s and Wil\'s mothers reunite the two at a party and Vivian and Wil end up kissing in front of everyone in the center of the dance floor.'] ['In Madrid in 1980, Enrique Goded, a young film director, is looking for his next project when he receives the unexpected visit of an actor looking for work. The actor claims to be Enrique\'s boarding school friend and first love, Ignacio Rodriguez. Ignacio, who is using now the name Ángel Andrade, has brought with him a short story titled "The Visit" hoping that Enrique would be interested in making a film out of it giving him the starring role. Enrique is intrigued since "The Visit" described their time together at the Catholic school and it also includes a fictionalized account of their reunion many years later as adults. "The Visit" is set in 1977. It tells the story of a drag artist and transsexual called Zahara, whose name at birth is Ignacio. Zahara plans to rob a drunken admirer but discovers that the man is her boyhood lover Enrique. Next she visits her old school and confronts father Manolo, who abused her when she was a boy. She demands one million pesetas from him in exchange for halting publication of her story "The Visit". The story is set in a Catholic boarding school for boys in 1964. At the school, Ignacio, a young boy with a beautiful singing voice, is the object of lust of Father Manolo, the school principal and literature teacher. Ignacio has found his first love and cinema in the company of Enrique, a classmate. One night Father Manolo discovers them together and threatens to expel Enrique. In an attempt to prevent this, Ignacio gives himself to Father Manolo. The priest molests Ignacio, but expels Enrique anyway. Enrique wants to adapt Ignacio\'s story into a film, but Ángel\'s condition is that he plays the part of Zahara, the transsexual lead. Enrique remains skeptical, for he feels that the Ignacio whom he loved and the Ignacio of today are totally different people. He drives to Galicia to Ignacio\'s mother and learns that the real Ignacio has been dead for four years and that the man who came to his office is really Ignacio\'s younger brother, Juan. Enrique\'s interest is piqued, and he decides to do the movie with Juan in the role of Ignacio to find out what drives Juan. Enrique and Ángel start a relationship, and Enrique revises the script so that it ends with Father Manolo, whom Ignacio was trying to blackmail to get money for sex reassignment surgery, having Ignacio murdered. When the scene is shot, Ángel breaks out in tears unexpectedly. The movie set is visited by Manuel Berenguer, who is the real Father Manolo, who has resigned from Church duty. Berenguer confesses to Enrique that the new ending of the film is not far from the truth: the real Ignacio blackmailed Berenguer, who somehow managed to scratch together the money but also took an interest in Ignacio\'s younger brother, Juan. Juan and Manuel started a relationship and after a while realized they both wanted to see Ignacio dead. Juan scored some very pure heroin, so that his brother would die by overdose after shooting up. After the crime, the relationship disintegrates; Berenguer wants to continue the relationship with Juan, but Juan is uninterested. Berenguer claims that he will never let Juan go, and Juan threatens to kill him if Berenguer continues to pursue him. Berenguer attempts to blackmail Juan for his part in the murder of Ignacio. Enrique is shocked and not at all interested in Juan\'s weak vindications for what he did to his brother. Finally, before he leaves, Juan gives Enrique a piece of paper: a letter to Enrique that Ignacio was in the middle of typing when he died. In the epilogue, it is mentioned that Enrique releases his film later and achieves great success. Despite the grief and guilt of his brother, Juan also achieves success, but was later relegated to television work. Berenguer dies in a hit-and-run .'] ['With the exception of the opening and final scenes, which depict the 1941 suicide by drowning of Virginia Woolf  in the River Ouse, the action takes place within the span of a single day in three different years, and alternates among them throughout the film. In 1923, renowned author Woolf has begun writing the book Mrs Dalloway in her home in the town of Richmond outside London. In 1951, troubled Los Angeles housewife Laura Brown  escapes from her life as a conventional housewife by reading Mrs Dalloway. In 2001, New Yorker Clarissa Vaughan  is the embodiment of the title character of Mrs Dalloway as she spends the day preparing for a party she is hosting in honor of her former lover and friend Richard , a poet and author living with AIDS who is to receive an award for career achievement. Richard tells Clarissa he has stayed alive for her sake, and the award is meaningless because he didn\'t get it sooner, until he was on the brink of death. She tells him she believes he would have won the award regardless of his illness. Richard often refers to Clarissa as "Mrs. Dalloway", due to her distracting herself from her own life and self the way the Woolf character did. Virginia, who has experienced several nervous breakdowns and suffers from bipolar disorder, feels trapped in her home, intimidated by servants and constantly under the eye of her husband Leonard  who has begun a publishing business, Hogarth Press, at home to stay close to her. Woolf both welcomes and dreads an afternoon visit from her sister Vanessa  and her children. After their departure, Virginia flees to the railway station where she is awaiting a train to central London when Leonard arrives to bring her home. He tells her how he lives in constant fear that she will take her own life. She says she fears it also, but argues that if she is to live she has the right to decide how, and where, as much as any other. Very pregnant with her second child, Laura spends her days in her tract home with her young son, Richie. She married her husband, Dan , soon after World War II and on the surface they are living the American Dream but she is deeply unhappy. She and Richie make a cake for Dan\'s birthday, but it is a disaster. Her neighbour Kitty  drops in to ask her if she can feed her dog while she\'s in the hospital for a procedure. Kitty pretends to be upbeat, but Laura senses her fear and boldly kisses her on the lips. Kitty accepts the kiss without comment, and both women ignore any hidden meaning it might have. Laura and Richie successfully make another cake and clean up, and then she takes Richie to stay with Mrs. Latch . He is terrified of being left without her and she insists she will be back, but instead of running errands she checks into a hotel where she intends to commit suicide. Laura removes several bottles of pills and Woolf\'s novel from her purse, and begins to read Mrs Dalloway. She drifts off to sleep, and dreams the hotel room is flooded, awakening with a change of heart, and caresses her belly. She picks up Richie and they return home to celebrate Dan\'s birthday. Clarissa appears equally worried about Richard, and his depression, and the party she is planning for him. Although Clarissa herself is a lesbian who has been living with Sally Lester  for 10 years, she and Richard were lovers during their college days, and he has spent the better part of his life in gay relationships, including one with Louis Waters , who left him years ago but returns for the festivities. Clarissa\'s daughter, Julia , comes home to help her prepare. Richard has taken all sorts of pills but tells her Clarissa is the most beautiful thing he ever had in life, before he throws himself out a window to his death. Later that night Laura, who is Richard\'s mother, arrives at Clarissa\'s apartment. It is clear that Laura\'s abandonment of her family was a profound trauma for Richard, but Laura reveals it was a better decision for her to leave the family after the birth of her daughter, rather than commit suicide. She has led an independent, happier life as a librarian in Canada. She does not apologize for the hurt she caused to her family , and suggests that it\'s not possible to feel regret for something over which she had no choice. She acknowledges that no one will forgive her, but offers an explanation: "It [her life] was death. I chose life." When Julia spontaneously hugs her, she looks stunned and surprised, then moved by the demonstration of compassion.'] ["The film opens with a foreshadow to moments after the shooting. This is quickly followed by a scene with Valerie Solanas  in custody for the shooting of Andy Warhol . The film then takes us back to a time when Valerie is living in New York and prostituting herself for a living. A series of further flashbacks point to her difficult childhood, and success in studying psychology at college. Here, Valerie discovers that she is a lesbian, that she can write and that she has a distinctive view of the world. This leads her to New York City and its downtown underworld. Through her friend Stevie , she meets Candy Darling , who in turn introduces her to Andy Warhol. Meanwhile, Valerie also meets Maurice Girodias , the publisher of Olympia Press. While Valerie wants Warhol to produce her play, Up Your Ass, Girodias wants her to write a pornographic novel for him. Once she signs a contract with Girodias, she comes to suspect his offer is not a generous one and may not be in her interests. She comes to regret signing this contract. At this point, her increasing derangement leads her to believe that Warhol and Girodias are controlling her. The film concludes, where it began, with Solanas' attempted murder of Warhol. The film then steps ten years into the future, where Warhol gets frightened when he sees Valerie by a near car staring angrily at him while he and some friends are entering a nightclub, and finds that she suddenly disappears once a bus passes the car."] ["Jeff , lives with his widower father Harry Mitchell . Much of the movie is about Harry's over-eager support for his son, and his concerns that Jeff doesn't have a boyfriend. Harry meets an attractive but judgemental divorcee through a dating service, and this leads to some conflict between the two main characters. Halfway through, though, the story takes unexpected, darker turns and attains a new level of profundity, becoming a meditation on the enduring strength of love, both familial and romantic, in the face of adversity."] ['A group of childhood friends have a sleepover as a bachelorette party for Jamie, where the conversations evolve from the topic of their relationships with men to sex and related fantasies. The group includes two sisters, Rachel and Jill, between whom remains some emotional tension. The hostess for the evening, the bisexual Georgina, is pestered by her possessive live-in lover Chris who declines to join the party, staying in her bedroom.'] ["Mark ([[Matthew Montgomery  falls while rock climbing. Drew  a forest ranger saves him and watches over him at the hospital. Drew, seeing Mark suffering from amnesia, offers Mark to move in with him to try to help him out until he regains his memory. This propels the two men into a passionate affair. But things start to change as Mark's memory slowly returns."] ['Howard Brackett  is a well-liked English literature teacher, living a quiet life in the fictional town of Greenleaf, Indiana, with his fiancée and fellow teacher Emily Montgomery , who recently lost 75 pounds. The town is filled with anticipation over the nomination of Cameron Drake , Howard\'s former student, in the Best Actor category at the Academy Awards for his portrayal of a gay soldier in To Serve and Protect. Cameron does indeed win the Best Actor award, and in his acceptance speech, thanks Howard, adding, "…and he\'s gay." Howard\'s family , friends , students , co-workers , and Emily are naturally shocked, but that is nothing compared to Howard\'s own reaction of disbelief and indignation, and he angrily tries to reassure those who know him that he is heterosexual. Reporters invade his hometown, harassing him for interviews following the awards night telecast, and Howard is placed under the scrutiny of his boss, Principal Tom Halliwell , who is uncomfortable with the attention being brought to the school. Although the other reporters leave after getting their story, one stays behind: on-camera entertainment reporter Peter Malloy , who wants to wait the week out so he can cover Howard\'s wedding to Emily. Howard continues to be harassed and dismayed by the changed attitudes of everyone around him, and decides that he must sleep with Emily in order to prove his heterosexuality. Howard tries, but cannot go through with it due to his conflicting emotions and Emily\'s concern for his well-being. Howard crosses paths with Peter, who reveals he\'s gay and, trying to provide a helpful ear, narrates his own experience in coming out to his family. Howard still insists that he is not gay, prompting Peter to kiss him. Although shocked, Howard reacts somewhat positively to the kiss, vindicating Peter\'s instinct all along on the matter. Howard\'s final measure to restore his heterosexuality is the use of a self-help audio cassette, although that fails as well. During the wedding ceremony, Emily recites her vow without hesitation, but when Howard is prompted by the minister, he instead says, "I\'m gay." The wedding is off, and although Peter is proud of Howard, Howard is angry with himself for hurting Emily. Things take a turn for the worse when he is fired from the school because of his outing. Despite being fired, Howard attends the graduation ceremony to support his students. When one student  who got into college with Howard\'s hard work, learns that he was dismissed for being gay, he and his classmates proclaim themselves, one by one, to be gay as well, to show their support of Howard and to thumb their noses at the school board. Howard\'s family follows suit, as do his friends, and all the townsfolk assembled . Having learned of the ensuing media blitz while in Los Angeles, Cameron flies to his hometown, with his supermodel girlfriend , to support his former teacher and although Howard doesn\'t win \'Teacher Of The Year\', Cameron presents him with his Oscar. The film ends with Howard\'s wedding-crazy mother finally getting a wedding - her own, when she and her husband decide to renew their vows. Howard, Peter and the rest of the townsfolk attend the reception, and among the crowd are Emily and Cameron, who appear to have begun a relationship. The film ends with everyone dancing to the Village People\'s song "Macho Man".'] ['The film begins in the spring and documents Eads\' life through the following winter. Eads falls in love with Lola, a male-to-female transgender woman. He spends those remaining warm days in the company of his "chosen family:" Maxwell, Cas, and "the rest". That summer, his mother and father drive ten hours to visit Robert, who is still their daughter in their eyes. Later that year, Eads makes his last appearance at the Southern Comfort Conference in Atlanta, Georgia, a prominent{{Citation needed}} transgender gathering. Already feeling ill, he addresses a crowd of 500 and takes Lola to what is for them a prom that never was. Shortly after the conference, Eads dies in a nursing home with his chosen family. After Eads\' death, his ashes were spread across the family farm around a lone Christmas tree which was to symbolize Robert\'s many changes and blossomings in life. Eads\' friends, Tom and Debbie King, also appear in the film. They saved Eads\' life when he collapsed in a pool of his own blood while staying with them. They initially sought treatment for Eads but were unable to locate a doctor willing to treat a transsexual man. Robert\'s lifelong struggle to have his outer appearance match his inner self is a salient theme in the movie. All persons portrayed in the movie wrestle with themes of rejection from others, rejection of self, feeling ostracized from humanity and ultimately crafting their own lives and personal support systems.'] [" Constance, Countess of Trentham , and her lady's maid, Mary Maceachran  travel to Gosford Park for the weekend. On the way, they encounter actor Ivor Novello , American film producer Morris Weissman  and Weissman's valet, Henry Denton . At the house, they are greeted by Sir William McCordle , Lady Sylvia McCordle  and their daughter, Isobel . The other guests include Lady Sylvia's sisters, Louisa, Lady Stockbridge  and Lady Lavinia Meredith  and their husbands, Raymond, Lord Stockbridge  and Commander Anthony Meredith . Also in attendance are the Honourable Freddie Nesbitt  and his wife, Mabel ; Isobel's suitor, Lord Rupert Standish  and his friend Jeremy Blond . Commander Meredith is in financial difficulty and brings up the matter with Sir William, who reveals that he is rescinding his investment in Meredith's new scheme. Sir William also intends to stop paying Lady Trentham's allowance. Mary and Lord Stockbridge's valet, Parks  are attracted to one another. Denton asks a number of questions about life in service and Parks reveals that he was raised in an orphanage. Denton meets Lady Sylvia and during the night, he goes to her room. During the pheasant shoot Sir William is slightly injured by a low shot. Commander Meredith pleads with Sir William not to back out of the investment. During dinner, Lady Sylvia attacks Sir William, implying that he was a World War I profiteer. The head housemaid, Elsie , rises to his defence, thus revealing their affair. Sir William goes to the library, where the housekeeper, Mrs. Wilson  brings him coffee. He demands a glass of whisky instead. Lady Sylvia asks Mr. Novello to entertain the guests. George , Parks, Mr. Nesbitt and Commander Meredith disappear and an unknown man goes to the library and stabs Sir William. Commander Meredith and Mr. Nesbitt do not offer an explanation of their disappearances, while George was fetching milk for the coffee service and Parks was fetching hot water bottles. Lady Stockbridge goes to the library and her screams bring everyone to the room. Inspector Thomson  and Constable Dexter  arrive to investigate the murder. Dexter suggests that Sir William was already dead when he was stabbed. Denton confesses to Jennings , the butler, that he is not a valet but an American actor preparing for a movie role. The next morning, Lady Sylvia goes for her morning ride, which surprises Inspector Thomson. Barnes  overhears Commander Meredith tell Lady Lavinia that Sir William's death was lucky for them, as the investment is now secure. Barnes tells Inspector Thomson, who interrogates Meredith. Mrs. Croft  tells the kitchen maid, Bertha , that Sir William was known for seducing the women working in his factories. If a woman became pregnant, Sir William offered two choices: keep the baby and lose your job, or give the baby up and keep your job. Those who gave up their babies were told that the adoptions were being arranged with good families. In reality, Sir William paid orphanages to take the children. Mary goes to Parks's room and tells him that she knows he is the murderer. Parks tells her that he discovered Sir William was his father, entered service and attempted to gain employment with someone in his circle. Parks tells Mary that he did not poison Sir William and Mary is relieved, as Parks only stabbed the corpse. Mary listens to Lady Sylvia and Lady Trentham discussing why Mrs. Croft and Mrs. Wilson are enemies. Lady Sylvia believes that the tension between them stems from the fact that Mrs. Wilson now outranks Mrs. Croft. Lady Trentham asks if Mrs. Wilson was ever married and Lady Sylvia replies that her name was once Parks or Parker. Mary goes to Mrs. Wilson and the older woman reveals that she poisoned Sir William in order to protect her son, as she knew that Parks was there to kill Sir William. She also reveals that she and Mrs. Croft are sisters. After talking to Dorothy , Mrs. Wilson goes to her room and is comforted by Mrs. Croft. The guests leave and Lady Sylvia enters Gosford Park, while Jennings closes the door."] ['Maxi  is the chef and owner of a restaurant, Xantarella, who aspires to win a Michelin Star but is having financial difficulties. He helps Álex , a maître d’ who is desperately looking for a boyfriend. It has been a while since Maxi has come out of the closet and declared his homosexuality. Since then, he left behind his wife and his two children whom he hasn’t seen in the last seven years. His wife’s death leads to him to have to take care of his two estranged kids. Meanwhile, an Argentinian soccer player, Horacio , comes into Maxi and Alex’s lives and passes himself off as heterosexual when in reality he’s homosexual. The film develops from the love triangle formed between Maxi, Álex, and Horacio, Maxi’s responsibility to his kids, and the future of the restaurant.'] ["Set mostly in a nursing home, 70-something Hannah is kept separate from her lifelong friend and lover Rachel, who is not expected to emerge from her coma. The nurses follow the orders of Rachel's daughter Marge, who claims her mother would be upset by a visit from Hannah. While Hannah's heart is breaking at the thought of not being able to say goodbye, her mind is full of memories of their life together, and she is frequently visited by a younger, spirit Rachel. Hannah sees, hears, and experiences her, but to anyone else, Hannah appears to be talking to herself. Frustrated by feeling like a prisoner, Hannah grumbles, pleads to see Rachel, and writes in her journal. The backstory gradually emerges. Hannah transitioned easily from tomboy to openly gay while Rachel gave in to societal expectations, married, raised twins, and kept one foot in the closet most of her life, even though everyone knew about her and Hannah. Having Hannah around was like flying a rainbow flag. Hannah was born to wander. Rachel never left Michigan, but Hannah spent time in Alaska, South America, and during WWII, stationed in New Mexico as a WAC. She had affairs with other women in her travels and they remained good friends, but Rachel always was her true love. There are many flashbacks that show Hannah and Rachel in many aspects of their relationship: being in love, making love, and arguing. In the nursing home, Hannah deals with the annoying but well-meaning staff members, a bewildered resident, a nasty evangelist, and an equally nasty Marge. The arrival of 21-year old Greta serves as a catalyst to get Hannah out of bed and into Rachel's room. Greta poses as a random student doing an interview for class, but turns out to be Rachel's biological great-granddaughter, whom Hannah had only met as a young child. Greta has a complicated relationship with her grandmother, Marge, who has never truly accepted Hannah as any sort of important mother figure. Greta, a young lesbian, is fully committed to the rights of Hannah and Rachel, and schemes to bring the family together. In an emotional final scene, Rachel lays comatose, while Hannah, Marge and Greta hash out their differences. Together, they say goodbye to Rachel, and lovingly set her free."] ['The movie begins with Jesus Christ sitting on a beach relaxing and comparing the kingdom of God to a sand castle. He meets up with El Santo and a woman named Mary Magnum. Together they fight lesbian-killing vampires. Jesus fights with mixed martial arts skills and uses his carpentry skills to create weapons to slay vampires.'] ["Truman Capote , known in New York City society for his wit and fashion flair as much as he is recognized in literary circles as the celebrated writer of Other Voices, Other Rooms and Breakfast at Tiffany's, reads a small article about the murder of a farming family in Holcomb, Kansas, in the back pages of the New York Times of November 16, 1959. Curious as to how the residents would react to a brutal massacre in their midst, the author and his friend, Harper Lee , travel to the small town, ostensibly so Capote can interview people for a magazine article. Once there, he realizes there might be enough material for what he eventually describes as a nonfiction novel. Capote, whose dress and demeanor both amuse and dismay law enforcement officials, allows Lee to act as a buffer between himself and those whose trust he needs to gain in order to obtain as much background information as possible. The Kansas Bureau of Investigation's lead detective on the case, Alvin Dewey , has refused to cooperate with the writer, but when his starstruck wife Marie meets Capote in front of the cheese display at the local grocery store, she invites him and Lee to Christmas dinner. He eventually wins over his host with his stories about Humphrey Bogart, John Huston, Ava Gardner, and the like. As a result, when ex-convicts Richard Hickock  and Perry Smith  are apprehended in Las Vegas and extradited to Holcomb, Capote is permitted to interview them in their cells. The two men are tried and found guilty, and a lengthy period of appeals begins. Capote slowly forms an attachment to Smith. He empathizes with his unhappy childhood, and his remorseful manner, genuine sincerity, and obvious intelligence impress him. Eventually the criminal's reciprocal feelings become evident, although he has difficulty dealing with his emotions. Smith learns Truman plans to title his book In Cold Blood, which suggests the author thinks of him only as a merciless killer. Angered, he violently subdues Capote and nearly rapes him. Perry steadfastly refuses to describe the night of the murders, which greatly angers Capote. He seems to want to hear the details not only as a writer in search of the truth but as someone who finds it difficult to believe a loved one could be guilty of such a crime. Eventually, Perry acquiesces and discusses what transpired. Truman finds himself entangled in a personal and professional dilemma. As much as he wants Perry to be sentenced to life in prison, death by hanging will provide a far more satisfying ending for readers of his book. He begins to waver in his feelings and provides no legal assistance for the final appeal. Perry and Richard have exhausted all their options; they ask that Truman be present at their April 14, 1965 execution, and he complies reluctantly with their request. Afterward he learns Perry bequeathed his meager belongings to him, and among them he finds a charcoal sketch of him the killer had drawn."] ['{{Expand section}} Joe comes out and goes to college. He finds himself one-third of a love triangle with two other guys, one gay and the other "straight with issues."'] ['The film begins with two recently escaped convicts &mdash; Frank  and Red  &mdash; approach a group of campers. The elder of the pair shoots and kills the campers with single rapidfire shots to the head. D.J. Farraday  discovers that his father, Del , has been having an affair. D.J. asks Del to meet him at the family\'s cabin by the lake, where D.J. intends to confront him about his adultery. When the two arrive at the summer house, they find the younger son, Campbell "Cam" Farraday , already there. Eventually it is revealed that Del had found Cam and his boyfriend, Billy, embracing there at the cabin. Del brutally beat Billy, and father and son have not spoken since. Cam seems determined to leave the confrontational situation. While D.J. is trying to convince Cam to stay and attempt a reconciliation, Cam reveals to him that Billy is dead, and the clear implication is that Cam blames his father for the loss. A short while later, the two escaped convicts show up at the cabin and ask to use the phone, claiming that their car has broken down. Red, who is introduced as Frank\'s adult son, makes a point of taking up the hospitality offered, using that excuse to remain in the house  As the evening progresses Frank seems to be forcing Del into a challenge. Tensions are high, as Frank makes his play for Alpha of the house. At one point, D.J.  goes so far as to suggest that "we all just whip \'em out and get this over with." The police show up looking for the two escaped convicts, and things get tense very quickly. It soon becomes clear that Cam knew the convicts and has had some sort of entanglement with them. From there, the twists and turns begin to thicken, and the onionskin layers of this tale are revealed. The family must reconcile and put aside their issues with each other to deal with the menacing force of Frank.'] ["When gang master Hung died, his two followers Cheung and Chapman To were sent to Thailand to look for his son, Georgie Hung, to succeed him. Georgie, who is gay and lives as a cook with his boyfriend Frankie, is uninterested to continue his father's work. But his close friend Sam, adored the life of a gangster and took his position instead. Sam and Georgie thus returned to Hong Kong with their identities swapped. Upon returning, they discovered that Hung had accidentally killed Cheng Chow's father and now Cheng Chow, a leading gangster of a friendly gang, led by Chan Wai-Man, is looking to avenge for his father's death. Meanwhile, Chan Wai-Man wanted to let his daughter Julie to marry Sam in order to strengthen the bond between the two gangs. Sam initially agrees but later changed his mind when he discovered that Julie is not in love with him. Finally, Cheng Chow kidnapped both Julie and Sam and forced Georgie to lead his gang on a rescue mission. Georgie, with help from Julie and Sam, defeated Cheng Chow in the final battle and told him to accept the fact that his father's death was an accident. Then Cheng Chow saved Georgie when one of his men tried to take his life. Julie and Sam fell in love during the kidnapping and decided to get married while Sam and Georgie took joint leadership of the gang."] ["The film tells the story of Mia, an up-and-coming architect about to marry Tim, her business partner. At the engagement party for her also newly-engaged Father, Lasse, she meets Frida, daughter of her Lasse's fiancee, Elisabeth. Mia and Frida exchange many glances, portending mutual attraction. Mia and Frida both visit the remote island home Elisabeth and Lasse plan to share, and Frida, who is lesbian, continues to be intrigued by Mia who's feelings are mutual but conflicted by her relationship with Tim. Mia and Frida's emotions for one another blossom, becoming increasingly urgent, until finally, Mia is left to decide whether to suppress her feelings for Frida and go on with her wedding plans or break off her engagement to Tim and pursue a new life with Frida. This beautifully shot and sexy, romantic film, destined to be a new classic in Lesbian Cinema, is inspired by Producer Josefin Tengblad's real life story."] ['Matt  and Ryan ([[James O\'Shea  were best friends in high school, but ten years later, Matt receives an invitation to Ryan\'s wedding, he is surprised - especially that Ryan\'s intended, whose name is Alex, is a woman . Matt and Ryan had a gay moment in high school, and Matt has held a torch for Ryan for the past ten years. Described by a co-worker as "so \'My Best Friend\'s Gay Wedding,\'" Matt races off to rescue his former love from this woman who must have trapped him into marriage. Matt and Alex hit it off, Matt and Ryan have some things to work out, and a cast of character in-laws  keeps the laughter going.'] ['Daniel Chang  is a twenty-something second-generation Chinese-American living at home in San Francisco with his widowed mother, who can speak broken English, and his grandmother , who cannot speak English. Ever since his father died, he has fulfilled his patriarchal duty as first and only son by managing the family business and looking after his mother. Being gay, he avoids the second major responsibility of carrying on the family line through heterosexual marriage and reproduction. Out of respect for his mother\'s values, he tries to keep, as he puts it, his home life and his "homo life" separate. By not directly telling his mother that he is gay, he has unwittingly found himself in a tense but hilarious situation where his mother continually pressures him to marry women of her choosing. Luckily, Daniel\'s female friend, Michelle, graciously rescues him from the constant onslaught of potential dates by pretending to be his steady girlfriend , which deflects his need to come out to his mother. Besides the extra money Mrs. Chang makes playing Mahjong, she also rents out the basement illegally. Daniel relates how he was quite happy to leave the previous female tenant alone. Daniel expects his mother to replace the previous tenant with another woman and is astounded when the new tenant turns out to be Robert, a young attractive white man from Indiana. Daniel immediately has a crush on him. Following a plumbing mishap that floods the basement with raw sewage, Mrs. Chang apologetically moves Robert into the only other bedroom that is not hers—Daniel\'s room. Even though reality has merged with Daniel\'s deepest fantasies, he bows to the paranoia that his mother will find out he is gay and decides to sleep on the living room sofa. Mrs. Chang eventually kicks Daniel off the couch so she can watch her late-night TV programs, and he is forced to share his bed with Robert. Daniel manages to be prudish for a few nights but eventually the two become lovers. Daniel\'s fear of being caught making out with a man constantly gets in between his relationship with Robert, and Daniel begins to wish that the basement repairs would finish soon so they could move their lovemaking to a safer area. However, one day Mrs. Chang and Grandma return home earlier than expected right in the middle of one of Daniel and Robert\'s trysts. Grandma walks in on them during copulation to offer them mooncakes, one of the few English words she knows. She sheepishly leaves the mooncakes on the nightstand and exits, giving them enough time to roll apart to opposite sides of the bed just as Mrs. Chang walks in. Daniel quickly chastizes her for not knocking and makes up the excuse that he was napping. Mrs. Chang does not seem to notice that both he and Robert are naked, but she bluntly tells Robert to move his belongings back into the basement that night. With the basement repaired, Daniel imagines he can finally spend time with Robert away from his mother\'s prying eyes, but the very next day a San Francisco building inspector stops by. Daniel suspects his own mother called the inspector, who gives the Chang\'s a list of expensive home improvements that would be needed to legally rent the room. Mrs. Chang jumps at the chance, arguing with Daniel that she has no choice but to make Robert move out. Their argument echoes in the basement and Robert hears Daniel give in without too much of a fight. Heartbroken, Robert moves away to a friend\'s place in Pasadena. Daniel reaches his breaking point. Miserable and determined not to be alone forever, he comes out to his mother the very next time she starts talking about available young women. This time he is direct and asserts that he wants to be with Robert. Mrs. Chang reacts angrily, lecturing Daniel in her native tongue and storming away from him. In her confusion, disappointment and fear of losing Daniel , she turns to the only other woman she knows with a gay son, Robert\'s mother. Robert\'s mother asks Mrs. Chang if it wouldn\'t be so bad to have another son, a clever way of getting around the cultural taboo of same-sex love. Shortly thereafter, Mrs. Chang calls Daniel back home to meet another potential date. Daniel flips out and races back home to stand up to his mother for the last time. He opens the door bellowing out, "Mother!" but almost chokes from surprise when Robert walks toward him instead. Mrs. Chang had invited Robert to be part of their family.'] ['Thirteen-year-old Tracy Freeland  writes poetry and is an honor student at Portola Middle School in Los Angeles. Her divorced mother Melanie  is a recovering alcoholic and high school dropout who struggles as a hairdresser to support her two children, Tracy and older brother Mason . At school Tracy is teased by some girls about her "cabbage patch" clothes. Tracy then endeavours to shed her \'little girl\' image and pleads with her mother to purchase a trendier style of clothing. Melanie buys Tracy new clothes from a discount vendor in a parked van. Tracy is then invited by Evie Zamora , one of the most popular girls at school, to go shopping on Melrose Avenue in Hollywood. Although Evie gives her a disconnected telephone number as a mean joke, Tracy takes a city bus to Melrose Avenue anyway, where she finds Evie and a friend at an edgy thrift shop. At the store, Tracy sees Evie and her friend continuously shoplift. Tracy begins to feel uncomfortable, and walks by herself out of the store and sits on a bench outside. Once there, Tracy begins to truly feel the need to be popular. She then steals a distracted woman\'s pocketbook to be more like Evie. This impresses Evie and her friend and they all go on a shopping spree. After this incident, Tracy and Evie become best friends and Evie temporarily moves into the Freeland household. Tracy, amongst other things, is angry about her parents\' divorce and, unbeknownst to her mother, cuts herself as a way to cope with the stress. Tracy rapidly transforms into a new person as she neglects her old friends, becomes more impulsive, and cares less about her schoolwork. She taunts Melanie\'s boyfriend, Brady , who is also a recovering addict. Although Melanie is somewhat aware of what is happening with Tracy and Evie, she is unable to stop them. Melanie is also reluctant to ask Evie to leave her household because of Evie\'s manipulative, yet likely truthful claims of an abusive childhood. As Tracy steadily shuts Melanie out of her life, Tracy and Evie become very close, even talking to each other in their own ludling language. However, after the early thrills, Tracy\'s new-found popularity does not make her happy. Although Tracy endeavors to emulate Evie\'s seductive behavior, this does not bring her pleasure. Tracy gets caught up in the so-called "romance" with a teenage boy Javi, but then later doubts he feels the same. When Evie and Tracy try to seduce Luke , an adult lifeguard in his early twenties who is a friend of Mason, Tracy does not feel comfortable. Drawn at first into their kisses and allowing them to partially strip him, Luke throws them out of his house and soon moves away from the neighborhood. One night in Hollywood, Mason and a friend make comments about the thong on a cute girl and is then shocked when the girl turns around and he realizes that it is his sister, with a belly ring. Tracy and Evie were at the movies with Melanie and Brady, but bolted to do other things. Later on, the girls take turns inhaling from a can of gas duster for computers and become so intoxicated that they laughingly hit each other, drawing blood. Meanwhile Melanie is unaware of how deeply the girls have fallen into petty crime, drug abuse, and oral sex with teenage boys. Seeing the harmful impact Evie is having on their lives, Melanie takes Evie back to live with her cousin Brooke . Tracy seems to agree with this, after which Evie becomes upset and suddenly betrays Tracy at school. Melanie also hopes that Tracy will go live with her father, Travis, but she is unhappy at this thought. But, much to Tracy\'s dismay, Travis decides he wants to take custody of Mason instead, to give him a more stable environment away from Tracy. After being informed she may fail seventh grade, Tracy comes home after school to find Evie, Brooke, and Melanie waiting for her. When the women confront Tracy about the girls\' drug use and stealing, Tracy angrily blames Evie after she sees how Evie tries to blame it on her. Brooke, convinced by Evie, says Tracy was the bad influence and owing to this, they are moving to Ojai to get away from her. Melanie stands up for her daughter, saying Tracy was "playing with Barbies" before she met Evie. Brooke grabs Tracy and pulls her sleeve up to show Melanie the many cuts and long scars on her daughter\'s left arm caused by her self-mutilation. Horrified, Melanie tells Brooke and Evie to leave. Both mother and daughter weep on the kitchen floor as Melanie kisses her daughter\'s heavily cut arm. Although Tracy tearfully pleads with Melanie to let go of her, Melanie holds on tight, and the two eventually fall asleep holding each other. The next morning Tracy wakes up with a fresh start and a new life. The film ends with Tracy spinning alone on a park merry-go-round and she screams.'] ['1960 Baltimore; juvenile delinquent Dawn Davenport ([[Divine , a regular troublemaker at her all-girls school, receives a failing Geography grade and a sentence of writing lines for fighting, lying, cheating, and eating in class. On Christmas morning, Dawn fails to get the cha-cha heel shoes she wants for Christmas. After breaking into a violent rage and pushing her mother into the Christmas tree, Dawn runs away from home and, while hitchhiking, gets picked up by Earl Peterson , a fat man driving an Edsel station wagon. Peterson drives Davenport to a dump, where they have sex on a dirty mattress on the side of the road. When she later finds herself pregnant and demands money from him, he tells her, "Go fuck yourself", which Divine had indeed done by playing both roles. Dawn gives birth to her daughter Taffy and works as a waitress, go-go dancer, hooker, and petty thief—working the latter two jobs with delinquent friends Chicklette ([[Susan Walsh  and Concetta  through the mid \'60s. 1968: Taffy  is now eight years old and driving her mother to violence . Dawn complains to Chicklette and Concetta about the demands of motherhood, and they suggest she cheer herself up by getting her hair done by a stylist named Gator , who lives with his morbidly obese aunt, Ida  who constantly pleads with him to "turn queer". Dawn becomes a client of Gator\'s at the Lipstick Beauty Salon, owned by Donald  and Donna Dasher . Dawn and Gator marry, but five years later, in 1974, their marriage is complicated by the fact that Taffy , now fourteen years old, hates Gator. When Taffy catches her mother and stepfather having sex, Gator suggests she join them in bed, to which Taffy replies, "I wouldn\'t suck your lousy dick if I was suffocating and there was oxygen in your balls!" Fed up with Gator\'s infidelities and his penchant for reading magazines while penetrating her with tools such as hammers and pliers, Dawn leaves Gator and starts divorce proceedings. She seeks solace at the Lipstick Beauty Salon, where the diabolical Dashers ask her to be a "glamorous guinea pig" for a "beauty experiment": they want to test Jean Genet\'s theory that "crime equals beauty". At their behest, Dawn performs several crimes including knocking her daughter unconscious with a chair after a fight during which a narcissistic Dawn happily poses for their photographs. Ida then bursts into Dawn\'s house and disfigures her face with acid when Gator leaves to pursue work in the auto industry in Michigan. Dawn lands in the hospital and though hideously disfigured, the Dashers and her other friends convince her she\'s pretty and discourage her from having reconstructive plastic surgery. After leaving the hospital, Dawn returns to find her home redecorated by the Dashers, who\'ve kidnapped and confined Ida to an oversized bird cage. After encouragement from the Dashers, Dawn cuts off Ida\'s hand. Taffy comes home and after becoming unhinged at the sight of a grown woman in a bird cage with a bloody stump, pleads with her mother to reveal the identity of her real father, which she reluctantly does. Taffy finds her father living in a dilapidated house and drinking excessively. She stabs him to death with a butcher knife after he tries to sexually assault her. Taffy returns home and announces she is joining the Hare Krishna movement. Dawn warns her she will kill her if she does. Dawn, now with grotesque hair, make-up, and outfits provided by the Dashers, creates a nightclub act. Backstage on opening night, Taffy appears after freeing Ida from the bird cage. Upon discovering that Taffy is now a Hare Krishna, Dawn strangles her to death while the Dashers and their minions cheer her on. Dawn performs her nightclub act, which includes jumping on a trampoline and wallowing in a playpen filled with dead fish. She revels in the ideal that beauty is an art form born from crime: {{cquote}} She then yells out, "Who wants to be famous? Who wants to die for art?", and commences shooting into the crowd. Several people are wounded and others are trampled while fleeing the scene. Police allow the Dashers to leave after Donald and Donna claim they are upright citizens caught in a bloody rampage. Dawn flees into a forest but is soon arrested by the police. At Dawn\'s trial, the Dashers are granted "total immunity" by the judge in exchange for their testimony against her. They claim to be shocked by Dawn\'s crime spree, although they engineered and encouraged it. Ida testifies against Dawn for kidnapping her and amputating her hand, when actually the Dashers kidnapped Ida and told Dawn to cut off her hand . After Dawn is found guilty and sentenced to die in the electric chair, the Dashers are seen paying Ida for her testimony. In jail awaiting execution, Dawn has a lesbian affair with another prisoner . Dawn tells her lover being executed will make her famous, "like winning an Academy Award". Indeed, when a delirious Dawn is strapped to the electric chair, she gives a speech as if she were winning an Oscar: {{cquote}} After receiving a fatal electric shock, Dawn is immortalized as her distorted face is shown in freeze frame with the end credits rolling over it.'] ['{{Plot|date"CWB">{{Citation}}  Stacie spends time arranging payment plans for the medical bills, and praying for Laurel. As a result of chemotherapy, Laurel\'s hair begins to fall out. Stacie shaves Laurel\'s head for her and Laurel returns the favor, saying that Stacie now looks more like she did when the couple first met. Six New Jersey counties make the decision to extend pension benefits to domestic partners. Don Bennett says that the Ocean County Freeholders are now under increasing pressure from the press and cannot come up with a good reason for their refusal to do likewise. Although the Freeholders attribute their decision to financial reasons, Dane Wells believes that one or two of the board oppose change, and that the other board members are backing them up. He says that John Kelly has said that his personal belief is that the change would violate the sanctity of marriage, but that this is not the official position of the Freeholders. Laurel grows increasingly sick, losing all of her hair and finding it more difficult to breathe. She speaks of the difficulty of experiencing the physical changes of her illness and knowing that she will only ever get worse. When another Freeholder meeting is held, she is too sick too attend, so she videotapes a message instead. In the tape, she asks the Freeholders to sign the resolution and make a change "for good and righteousness". At the meeting the Freeholder\'s say that although Laurel has been a valuable employee, they will not allow her to pass on her pension. They say that although they have the money to do so, they will not pay pensions in the absence of a negotiated contract. John Kelly says that he has been misquoted in the press and that although it is a moral issue, he believes that Laurel is a moral person. When Dane Wells ask if they intend to change their minds before Laurel dies, the Freeholders decline to answer the question. Laurel is visited at home by a hospice worker. She says that her symptoms have gotten worse, that they scare her and that she is very concerned with when she will die. When the hospice worker asks her what is most important, Laurel answers "Stacie". Under mounting pressure, and following a telephone call from Governor Jon Corzine at the urging of Garden State Equality, the Freeholders call an emergency meeting. Stacie and Laurel, now in a wheelchair, attend the meeting. Freeholder Bartlett says that it is time to change the situation. The Freeholder of the county makes a motion to pass a resolution to expand pension benefits to county employees under the provisions of the law. The four Freeholders present agree. John Kelly does not attend the meeting. Laurel speaks briefly to news reporters and receives a standing ovation from the people present, including the Freeholders. Laurel goes home to die and the final scene of the film shows her memorial service, attended by Stacie, Dane and her police colleagues. Nine months after her death, the New Jersey Supreme Court rules that same sex couples must have the same rights as heterosexual couples, forcing the state legislature to legalise civil unions in New Jersey.'] ['Colour Me Kubrick begins with a direct homage to A Clockwork Orange with the after-effects of one of Alan Conway\'s  minor cons: two thugs are sent to collect a bar bill that Conway has generated by impersonating Kubrick. Conway has provided the address of an elderly couple as Kubrick\'s home address. Conway is nowhere to be seen, and the thugs are arrested by the police for causing a ruckus outside the house. Following these events, the audience is taken through several of Conway\'s scams, including tricking a fashion designer, members of a heavy metal band, and a popular bar owner. All of the victims are deceived into giving in to "Kubrick" for sums of money, free food and drinks, and even sexual favours. Conway actually knows little about Kubrick or his movies, so he simply puts on a different persona &mdash; from reserved English gentleman to flamboyant Jewish stereotype &mdash; with each victim. Conway deceives just about everyone he meets into thinking he is the reclusive director, except for a rent boy at a bar, who tests Conway by saying that his favourite Kubrick film is Judgment at Nuremberg; when Conway begins an anecdote about directing the film, the young man tells him that Judgment at Nuremberg was directed by Stanley Kramer, and Conway walks away. Conway also has a run-in with Frank Rich , a journalist from the New York Times. He meets Rich and his wife in a restaurant and confronts him about an article the New York Times ran on the real Kubrick. He is personally offended that the paper called Kubrick a recluse, and wants them to know that he shaved off his beard. After this chance meeting, Rich instigates Kubrick to look further into the identity of the man he met. One of the biggest scams is when Conway promises to help establish Lee Pratt ([[Jim Davidson  as a performing star in Las Vegas. Pratt is a British entertainer that has seen limited success as a flamboyant dancer and stage singer. Pratt is described as a "low-rent Liberace with an Elvis gleam in his eye."<ref name Colour Me Kubrick Review New York Times | work  http://movies.nytimes.com/2007/03/23/movies/23kubr.html | accessdate Stephen | last2007-03-23}} Conway makes huge promises to get Pratt a permanent seat in the spotlight in Las Vegas. While Pratt, Conway, and Pratt\'s manager try to decide how to conquer America, Conway lives a life of luxury on Pratt\'s bill. He sleeps in a high class hotel consuming vodka and cigarettes, until Pratt\'s manager becomes suspicious and catches Conway in the act. Conway is thrown out of Pratt\'s life and off a pier in a homage to Barry Lyndon. From there, Rich exposes Conway\'s lies, and Conway is sent to a hospital after an apparent nervous breakdown &mdash; which, of course, is another of Conway\'s elaborate ruses. His case is published by his doctor and he is sent to the Rimini Clinic, a centre where famous celebrities go for rehabilitation. Conway is shown to be living the good life, and the movie ends with him relaxing in a hot tub (with the Ray Noble Orchestra with Al Bowlly version of "Midnight, the Stars and You" playing on the soundtrack, harking back to the finale of [[The Shining .'] ['Evelyn Couch , a timid, unhappy housewife in her forties, meets elderly Ninny Threadgoode  in a Birmingham, Alabama, nursing home. Ninny, over several encounters with Evelyn, tells her the story of the now-abandoned town of Whistle Stop, Alabama, and the people who lived there. The film\'s subplot concerns Evelyn\'s dissatisfaction with her marriage and her life, her growing confidence, and her developing friendship with Ninny. The narrative switches several times between Ninny\'s story, which is set between World War I and World War II, and Evelyn\'s life in 1980s Birmingham. Ninny\'s story begins with tomboy Imogene "Idgie" Threadgoode , the youngest of the Threadgoode children, whom Ninny describes as her sister-in-law. Idgie\'s close relationship with her charming older brother Buddy  is cut short when he is hit by a train and killed. Devastated, Idgie recedes from formal society for much of her childhood and adolescence until Buddy\'s former girlfriend, the straitlaced Ruth Jamison , intervenes at the request of the concerned Threadgoode family. Idgie initially resists Ruth\'s attempts at friendship, but then gradually allows a deep attachment to develop. Ruth leaves Whistle Stop to marry Frank Bennett  and moves to Valdosta, Georgia. Idgie is upset at losing her friend and struggles to forget her. After some time she visits Ruth, now pregnant and suffering from physical abuse from Frank. Against Frank\'s wishes, Ruth returns to Whistle Stop with Idgie, where her child, named Buddy Jr., is born. Papa Threadgoode gives Idgie money to start a business so she can care for Ruth and Buddy Jr. Ruth and Idgie open the Whistle Stop Cafe, employing cook Sipsey  and her son Big George , who makes a barbecue that quickly becomes popular with their patrons. Frank Bennett eventually returns to Whistle Stop in an attempt to kidnap Buddy Jr., but is thwarted by an unseen assailant. Frank goes missing and his truck is later found at the bottom of a nearby lake. Idgie is immediately a suspect, as she had publicly threatened violence against him for beating Ruth. She is arrested along with Big George for Frank\'s murder. The local sheriff offers to release her and pin the crime solely on Big George, but Idgie refuses to sacrifice her friend. During the subsequent trial, the local minister lies, providing Idgie and Big George with an alibi for the time of Frank\'s disappearance. Taking into account Frank\'s reputation for getting drunk, the judge rules his death an accident. Idgie and Big George are cleared of all charges. After the trial, Ruth develops cancer and dies. Following her death, the café closes. Over time, many Whistle Stop residents eventually move away, bringing Ninny to the end of her story, but not before the revelation of what really happened to Frank: Sipsey had killed Frank  while trying to stop him from kidnapping Buddy Jr. Big George then barbecued Frank\'s body and served it to the Georgia sheriff searching for Frank. Evelyn discovers that during Ninny\'s temporary stay at the nursing home, Ninny\'s house was condemned and torn down. Evelyn, having become good friends with Ninny, offers her a room in her home which Ninny accepts. As the two friends walk away from Ninny\'s former home, they pass Ruth\'s grave, freshly adorned with a jar of honey and honeycomb and a card which reads "I will always Love You. The Bee Charmer", Ruth\'s old nickname for Idgie.'] ['Traude Krueger  is working as a piano teacher in a women\'s prison. While selecting new students, she meets Jenny Von Loeben . When she tells her she can\'t follow any lessons because her hands are too rough, Jenny becomes enraged and almost beats the present prison guard, Mütze , who is also one of Krueger\'s students, to death. After doing so, while the other guards are rushing in, she starts playing the piano. Krueger listens from the hallway and, impressed by her talent, later offers Jenny to give her lessons after all. She does however tell Jenny never to play \'that kind of negro-music\' again. It is revealed that Jenny\'s adoptive father wanted to turn her into a Mozart-like child prodigy when she was young but when she resisted to going to further contests, he started raping her. She is still incredibly talented though and Krueger plans to start playing in competitions again. While practicing, some other inmates become increasingly jealous of Jenny, who doesn\'t seem to get punished for beating up the guard. Some of the other prison personnel also heavily oppose giving her the freedom to play the piano. However, the prison director sees in this a perfect opportunity to get some positive media attention for his prison, which does ensue. Against all odds, Jenny manages to reach the finals of a grand piano-concours for players of maximum 21 years of age. During events preceding the competition, she was transferred by Mütze to the cell of her rival inmates. One night, they strap her hands to the bed with some cloth and set them on fire. In a furious reaction, Jenny severely wounds one of the culprits. This leads to her being forbidden to enter the competition. Krueger however learns that Mütze deliberately turned a blind eye so to let Jenny get burned and plays on his conscience. He finally decides to aid her in letting Jenny escape from prison to go play at the competition. When, after her escape, Krueger and Jenny arrive at Krueger\'s apartment to get themselves dressed, Jenny learns that Kruger has had contact with her adoptive father. Thinking he arranged all of it, and that Krueger was just being bribed into teaching her, she falls into a fury once more. It is now that Krueger tells her about her own past, how she lost her great love, another woman, during the second world war because she was a communist, and how she also taught her to play the piano. Krueger is able to convince Jenny to play at the concours where, because the police have come to take her back to jail, she has only four minutes to convince the crowd. She diverts from the original plan of playing a piece of Schumann by playing a unique piece of her beloved "negro-music". When she is finished, the crowd erupts in a standing ovation.'] ["Darren and Connor are two brothers who, as teenagers, realize that they have feelings for each other and not just those of brothers. They enter into a romantic and sexual relationship. While happy together, they fear what would happen if their relationship were ever discovered. Their fears are realized when their mother walks in on them sleeping naked together. When Connor overhears their father say that they will never be able to see each other again, the distraught brothers steal a family car and flee to a motel. Deciding that a world that can't understand them is a world in which they do not wish to live, and with a police officer discovering the car, the boys commit suicide by handcuffing themselves to each other through the bottom rung of a ladder in the motel swimming pool. As they are underwater, they spend their last minutes together being happy with one another and kissing."] ["The movie follows Joe , a heroin addict, throughout his quest to score more drugs. The episodic plot occurs over a single day and centers around Joe's problematic relationship with his on-off, sexually frustrated girlfriend . During the course of the day, Joe overdoses in front of an upper-class couple, attempts to fool Welfare into approving his methadone treatment by having Holly fake a pregnancy, and frustrates the women in his life with his drug-induced impotence."] ['Holly and Jackie form a small group of "women\'s libbers". They convince Candy, a wealthy socialite who has an incestous relationship with her brother, to join them at their meetings. The group needs Candy\'s membership to bring money and "glamour" to their cause.'] ['In New York, Bill  struggles to decide whether he has a future with Emily , while attempting to restrain Walter , the angry husband of a woman he thinks he might be in love with. In Berlin, Dwight  has a similar experience with his lover, while the events that befall Miho in Tokyo take a more dramatic turn.'] ["The film is about a couple from Madrid, Elena  and Alberto . They have a happy marriage, professional success and a loving son. But later, Elena finds a hotel receipt in Alberto's pocket and discovers that he has been unfaithful to her. To her surprise, the one who has been involved is another man, Diego . Alberto is struggling both to save his marriage and to forget his feelings for Diego, but he fails. Finally, everything comes to an end when Elena confronts Diego, who did not know Alberto was married, and kicks Alberto out of the house. Leaving Diego's home after a fight, Alberto is killed in an accident. The movie ends with Elena and Diego becoming friends."] ['Cher Horowitz  is a good-natured but superficial girl who is attractive, popular, and extremely wealthy. At a few months shy of sixteen, she has risen to the top of the high school social scene and is happy and self-assured in her insular, fashion-obsessed world. She lives in a Beverly Hills mansion with her father, Mel , a ferocious $500-an-hour litigator; her mother has long since died, having succumbed to complications while undergoing liposuction. Cher\'s best friend is Dionne Davenport , who is also rich, pretty, and hip, and understands what it\'s like to be envied. Among the few people to find much fault with Cher is Josh , her socially conscious ex-stepbrother who visits during a break from college. Josh and Cher spar continually but without malice; she refers to him as "granola breath" and mocks his scruffy idealism, while he teases her for being selfish, vain, and superficial, and says that her only direction in life is "toward the mall." Illustrating that Cher\'s selfishness is usually innocent and relatively harmless, Cher plays matchmaker for two lonely, nerdy, hard-grading teachers, Mr. Hall  and Miss Geist . She achieves her original purpose – to make them relax their grading standards so she can renegotiate a bad report card – but when she sees their newfound happiness, she realizes she likes doing good deeds. Cher now decides that the ultimate way she can give back to the community would be to "adopt" a "tragically unhip" new girl at school, Tai Frasier . Cher and Dionne give Tai a makeover and initiate her into the mysteries of popularity. Cher also tries to extinguish the strong mutual attraction between Tai and Travis , an amiable skateboarding slacker, and to steer her toward Elton , a rich snob. Her second matchmaking scheme backfires when Elton rejects Tai and makes a play for Cher. Matters worsen, however, when Cher\'s "project" works a bit too well and Tai\'s popularity begins to surpass Cher\'s, especially after Tai has a "near-death" adventure at the mall that helps to skyrocket her to fame at school. Other classmates, including Dionne and Cher\'s longtime rival, Amber , soon gravitate toward Tai, and Cher finds herself demoted from queen to courtier at high school. Meanwhile, Cher has a couple of romantic mishaps with boys at school. The first involves Elton; the next concerns Christian ([[Justin Walker , a handsome classmate with great fashion sense who turns out to be gay. Cher naively and repeatedly fails to recognize Christian\'s homosexual tendencies, and tries unsuccessfully to seduce him while they are alone one night watching Spartacus. The next day, Dionne\'s boyfriend, Murray , roars with laughter, which makes Cher\'s mistake clear to her at last. Events reach a crisis after Cher fails her driver\'s test and can\'t "renegotiate" the result. When Cher goes home, crushed, Tai confides that she\'s taken a fancy to Josh and wants Cher to help her "get" him. Cher says she doesn\'t think Josh is right for her, and they quarrel. Cher, left all alone, begins to think she has created a monster in her own image. Feeling "totally clueless", she reflects on her priorities and her repeated failures to understand or appreciate the people in her life. Most of all, she keeps thinking about Josh and Tai, and wonders why she cares so much. After much soul-searching , Cher discovers she has fallen in love with Josh. She begins making awkward but sincere efforts to live a more useful life, even captaining the school\'s Pismo Beach disaster relief effort. A scene near the end of the film finds Cher and Josh stumbling over how to admit their mutual feelings for each other, finally culminating in a tender kiss on the stairs of her home. The film has a happy Hollywood ending for Cher: Mr. Hall and Miss Geist get married; her friendships with Tai and Dionne are reaffirmed; Tai and Travis are in love; and, in Josh\'s arms, she too has now finally found love.'] ['Two men, Kieri and Ryo, have an unquestioning love for each other. But their mutual devotion is not allowed to last. Ryo is abducted, and Kieri embarks upon a long and difficult journey to find him. Unbeknownst to Kieri, it is "heaven\'s heart" herself that leads and protects him on his quest. Before Kieri finds his companion, Ryo loses his life. And Kieri, desperate to find his beloved, agrees to sacrifice his body to bring about Ryo\'s resurrection. When they both die, "heaven\'s heart" reunites them in death and the two men return to life through myth.'] ['Hunky writer Markus  returns home to find his boyfriend of four years naked with another man. Newly single, he begins waiting tables at a swinging Chelsea hotspot where the indelible supporting cast of co-workers offers conflicting directions on the off-road map to love and lust in New York City. http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0411883/plotsummary'] ['In 1989, and in the shadow of the collapse of Communism in Europe, a group of young rural Norwegians form a band. Preparations for their first gig are derailed when the lead singer, Jarle, is smitten by a new arrival, Yngve. Confused and not completely in touch with his own emotions, Jarle neglects his band, his mother and his girlfriend to spend more time with his new crush. At a party after the concert, he lashes out at Yngve but also admits he loves him. Yngve becomes depressed and flees to a bridge with the intention of committing suicide, but decides not to. He ends up in a mental hospital, and stays there until Jarle sees him again, few weeks after the incident.'] ['A lower class woman, Holly Parker , marries into the rich Anderson family. Her husband\'s mother  looks down on her and keeps a watchful eye on her activities. Due to her husband\'s frequent and long trips abroad, Holly forms a relationship with a well-known playboy . When her lover accidentally dies, and only her mother-in-law knows she is innocent, the latter blackmails her into disappearing into the night during a planned boat trip, leaving her husband  and young son thinking she has died. She then slowly sinks into depravity all over the world, only to be brought back to America under false assumptions by a "friend"  who plans on blackmailing her family. When she realizes that the man intends to reveal who she is to her son, she shoots the man to stop him. The police arrest her and refusing to reveal her identity, she signs a confession with the letter "X." As fate would have it, the court assigns a defense attorney who happens to be her long-lost son .'] ['Margaret Hall  and her family live a seemingly upper middle class life in Tahoe City, California. Her husband is a pilot on the aircraft carrier USS Constellation. She is startled to discover that her son Beau , a high school senior, has been having a sexual affair with 30 year-old Reno, Nevada night club owner Darby Reese . Margaret visits Reese\'s nightclub, The Deep End, to demand that he stay away from her son. That night, Reese secretly visits Beau and the two meet in the boathouse. Beau confronts him about asking his mother for money. The two argue, eventually coming to blows. As Beau returns to the house, Reese leans on a railing, causing it to collapse, and falls into the water, impaling himself on an anchor. The next morning, Margaret discovers Reese\'s body on the beach. Margaret removes the body and dumps it in a cove but it is soon discovered and the police investigate it as a homicide. Soon after, a man named Alek Spera  confronts Margaret with a tape of Darby and Beau having sex. Alek demands $50,000 in 24 hours or he will turn the tape over to the police, which would implicate Beau in Reese\'s "murder". Margaret struggles unsuccessfully to get the money. Alek calls Margaret the next day and tells her that she needs to get only $25,000 but Alek\'s partner, Nagle is convinced she is lying about not being able to raise the money. Nagle corners and beats Margaret but Alek arrives and the two men scuffle, and Alek strangles Nagle. Margaret attempts to take responsibility for Nagle\'s death, but Alek takes the body away in Nagle\'s car. As Margaret and her son drive looking for Nagle\'s car, they see it overturned in a ditch. Margaret attempts to free Alek, who is critically injured. Alek pleads with her to leave before the police arrive. Margaret stays until Alek dies. Back at home, Margaret, in a state of distress, is comforted by Beau. The camera then pulls back, as the scene shifts to the exterior of the house, the audience hears another phone call coming in from the absent husband, which Beau\'s sister answers. The Halls\' normal life resumes.'] ['The film tells the story of Leonardo, a 15 year old blind teenager who falls in love with a new student in his school, Gabriel. Leonardo must deal with the jealousy of his lob time best friend, Giovana, while figuring out his feelings for the new boy at school, Gabriel.'] ['The film opens with young Radha sitting in a mustard field with her parents. Her mother tells her a story of a people who wanted to see the ocean; then she explains that sometimes one must learn to see some things  without looking. The film flashes forward to Sita, a newly married young woman, trying to perceive some emotion from her husband Jatin. Jatin appears distant and shows little interest in Sita or in being married. Sita is given a perfunctory welcome by Jatin\'s family. Jatin is in a typical joint family arrangement. He lives with his older brother Ashok, his sister-in-law Radha, his invalid mother  and the family servant Mundu. Their apartment is on the second floor of a two story dwelling in a crowded marketplace in New Delhi. Ashok and Jatin run a small store  that sells food  and rents videotapes. Sita is gradually exposed to various difficulties. She is also in a typical arranged marriage, but she learns that Jatin married her only to put an end to Ashok\'s incessant nagging. Jatin continues to date his Chinese girlfriend. Sita does not rebuke him for fear that it may bring dishonor to her parents. The rest of Jatin\'s home is not rosy either. Biji is paralyzed and without speech after a stroke, and Sita and Radha must constantly attend to Biji . Sita spends her days slaving in the hot and greasy kitchen, and she finds herself lonely and frustrated at night because Jatin is out dallying with his girlfriend. On the financial front, the store provides a modest income but their expenses are very high and they are unable to expand their business or buy a bigger home. Sita resignedly accepts these difficulties, but yearns to break out of this stifling and hopeless situation. It is later revealed that Radha faces a somewhat similar problem. Many years ago, Ashok had come under the influence of Swamiji, a local preacher, who teaches that desires are the cause of suffering and must be suppressed. Ashok is completely taken by these monastic teachings and accordingly suppresses all his desires. He also donates large sums from the meager store income to treat the Swamiji\'s hydrocele condition. It is also revealed that Radha cannot bear children, due to an untreatable ailment. The Swamiji, as per the strict devotional and spiritual convention, teaches that sexual contact is permitted only as a means for procreation. Accordingly, Ashok aims to stamp out all his desires and has not slept with Radha for the past 13 years. He puts Radha through an excruciating ritual in which they lie motionless next to each other whenever he wants to test his resolve. Radha is racked with guilt over her ailment and driven to frustration by the ritual. She resigns to live out her life, but is unable to stop her growing sadness. Radha and Sita go through the motions oscillating between their desires and disappointments. Radha, the older woman, remains bound by tradition and subdued into silence while Sita refuses to accept misfortune and wishes to break free. One evening, shunned by their husbands, provoked by their  feelings and driven to desperation by their unfulfilled longings, Radha and Sita seek solace in each other and become lovers. Overjoyed at finding satisfaction in this unusual manner, they resolve to continue it in secret. They eventually realize their love for each other and they start looking for ways to move out and be on their own. Things take a turn when the servant Mundu becomes aware of their relationship. When Radha reprimands him for masturbating to pornography in front of Biji, he warily reminds her that her own "hanky panky" is bad for the family. One day, Mundu causes Ashok to walk in on Radha and Sita. Ashok is horrified. He is shattered when he finds this incident has stoked his own long-dormant desire. He nevertheless confronts Radha. Radha overcomes her subservience and pours out her emotions. Desire impels life, and she desires Sita because she desires to live. She pointedly suggests that if Ashok seeks to control desires then he should henceforth seek Swamiji\'s help and stop the ritual. Amid this argument, Radha\'s sari catches fire. Ashok steps out of the way and angrily watches her burn . Radha puts out the flames and recalls her mother\'s advice from when she was young. She can finally see her ocean. She leaves Ashok. The film ends with Radha moving out and joining Sita.'] ["After the heroin addicted Lahn robs his roommate Denis, Lahn attempts to hide out at the home of Trevor, Denis's best friend. Trevor takes him in, only to later use Lahn's drug addiction to manipulate him into transforming Lahn into Trevor's idea of a perfect girlfriend."] ['Noam, a young Israeli reservist working at a checkpoint while on reserve duty, is crushed when he witnesses a Palestinian woman giving birth to a dead baby; he also locks eyes with a young Palestinian man there, Ashraf. He then gets back to Tel Aviv as he has finished his military service. There he shares a flat with another gay man, Yali, and a girl, Lulu, who works in a soap shop. The three roommates live a generally bohemian life. Ashraf arrives at the apartment to return Noam\'s passport which he had dropped and left at the checkpoint. Noam takes Ashraf to the roof to look at the city skyline. They talk and Ashraf kisses Noam and they spend the night together. Soon it is agreed that Ashraf will move in with them and work in Yali\'s restaurant as a Jew under the name Shimi, as he could not be openly gay in the Palestinian territories like he can in the more liberal and cosmopolitan city of Tel Aviv. For a time, all goes well for the couple despite some jealousy on the part of Yali. However, Ashraf flees to his family in Nablus when he is recognized by Lulu\'s former boyfriend as a Palestinian. Ashraf does not return any of Noam\'s calls. Noam is devastated by Ashraf\'s desertion, and refuses to get out of bed. When the news reports violence in Ashraf\'s hometown, Noam becomes worried. He and Lulu go to the West Bank identifying themselves as French television journalists and find Ahsraf at his parents\' house and there the two men kiss. Ashraf\'s future brother-in-law, Jihad , sees them and repudiates him, adding that Ashraf has to marry his cousin or he will reveal his secret. Lulu and Noam leave in a hurry, but encourage Ashraf to come to their anti-occupation rave party. Ashraf shows up, and he and Noam spend another night together. Before his sister\'s wedding ceremony, Ashraf tells her he is in love with a man. She angrily refuses to believe him, and Ashraf is devastated. Later, during the wedding, he overhears Jihad planning a bombing in Tel Aviv. Yali is maimed in the bombing, and will never walk again. The next morning, Ashraf\'s sister is killed by stray bullets in a military raid seeking those responsible for the Tel Aviv bombing, before his very eyes. At the funeral Jihad promises revenge, telling Ashraf\'s father that his daughter was a martyr and will not die in vain. Jihad once again demands that Ashraf marry his cousin, revealing a poster of Ashraf\'s involvement with the Israeli rave. It is clear at this point that Ashraf is walled in and feels no hope of escape from his situation. His brother-in-law, Jihad, decides to avenge the death of his newlywed bride, and while creating a suicide video, Ashraf decides to take Jihad\'s place as a suicide bomber in Tel Aviv. Ashraf wanders the streets of Tel Aviv with a sorrowful and blank expression. He winds up at the cafe in which he once worked. When Ashraf primes his explosive belt, Noam sees him from inside the bar where he has just bought Yali\'s and Lulu\'s dinner, and rushes out to Ashraf. Seeing Noam, Ashraf walks away from the bar to the middle of the street. As Noam approaches, Ashraf turns to face him. The two stare at each other and start to kiss when the bomb explodes, killing them both. The news report that Ashraf avoided more death by suddenly turning away from the cafe into the empty street. The film ends with Noam talking about the love the two shared, wondering whether they ever had a chance, wishing for a place where they can just love each other, and hoping that people will see "how stupid these wars are," over a scene of young Noam and young Ashraf playing together as children in Jerusalem, their mothers sitting side by side.'] ["Christine  is the maid of a well-to-do widow  and her daughter . Her sister, Lea  is hired on the recommendation of Christine. The two sisters become increasingly alienated from their employer, separated by barriers between the classes. With only each other to turn to and Christine experiencing much jealousy as to her sister's interest in anyone else, the relationship becomes sexual, adding to the tension between the sisters and their employer. The tension ultimately leads to paranoia, repressed rage and murder."] ['The scene opens on a rural Thai coffee shop, run by an elderly man and his attractive teenage daughter. A gang of local toughs come in and start roughing up the customers and get abusive with the daughter. Suddenly, an elaborately coifed and tastefully dressed woman shows up and rescues the young woman and her father from further harm. This is Iron Pussy. She disappears into the bushes and re-emerges as a slight, shaven-headed man, who then gets on the back of a motorcycle taxi and heads into Bangkok. Along the way, the motorcycle driver, Pew, relates his memories of the day he and Iron Pussy met – Pew, crazed from a drug overdose, had taken a young woman hostage. Iron Pussy came on the scene and rescued not the young woman, but Pew, and the two have been a couple ever since. Iron Pussy arrives at her job. She is a clerk in a 7-Eleven in Bangkok. Unfailingly courteous and professional, she greets a man who she believes is just another customer, in the shop to pay his phone bill. When Iron Pussy scans the bill, a message comes up on the computer screen: "Hello Iron Pussy". It is a secret message from the prime minister. It seems there\'s a job for Iron Pussy. Once again in the guise of the superheroine secret agent, the demure Iron Pussy goes to the meeting place with the prime minister, a Buddhist temple, where she takes time to make merit by releasing some turtles and fish into the nearby river. She meets with Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra and his cabinet , who take time to sing a song, extolling the virtues of Iron Pussy. Iron Pussy is tasked with uncovering the nefarious activities of Mr. Henry, a foreigner who frequently visits Thailand and leaves with full bank accounts. Mr. Henry will be attending a lavish party at the luxurious mansion of Madame Pompadoy, so Iron Pussy must infiltrate the housekeeping staff as a maid. Her charms win over Madame Pompadoy\'s debonair son, Tang, who is nonetheless in another relationship, being engaged to marry Rungraree, globetrotting socialite. Iron Pussy feels herself falling for Tang\'s charms as well, but she has a nagging feeling that something is not right about that relationship. Donning an all-black Spandex outfit and mask one night, Iron Pussy uncovers Mr. Henry\'s plot – he\'s making a mind-control drug. And Tang is involved in the scheme, which breaks Iron Pussy\'s heart. Later, at the big party being thrown by Madame Pompadoy, Iron Pussy steps up when the main entertainment doesn\'t show up, and sings a song that really impresses everyone. The next day, the family is going into the jungle for its annual deer hunt. This is when everything comes out – that Iron Pussy is actually a secret agent, but it\'s also revealed that Madame Pompadoy is Iron Pussy\'s mother, who gave Iron Pussy up for adoption long ago, which means, of course, that Tang is Iron Pussy\'s brother.'] ['{{Plot}} In Ancient Egypt, Ema "Emmy" Hasure hides in a pyramid from her mother, who wants her daughter to marry against Emmy\'s will. Emmy prays for the gods to get her out of this mess, and the gods answer Emmy\'s prayers; she travels through time, on a hunt for true love. Philadelphia, 1987; when young mannequin-manufacturer, Jonathan Switcher, loses himself in his work with a particular model of mannequin , he is fired. Jonathan finds odd jobs; yet none of these jobs work out because his sculptor background makes him less than ideal for them. While on a moonlight walk with his girlfriend Roxie Shield, Jonathan sees the mannequin he created  in the window of Prince & Company, an upscale department store. The next morning, Jonathan waits outside the store. He saves the manager, Claire Timkin, from being crushed to death. The grateful Claire hires Jonathan under protest from Vice-President Richards, who assigns Jonathan to be a stock boy. In his spare time, Jonathan hits it off with flamboyant window dresser Hollywood Montrose who has been working with Jonathan\'s mannequin. That night, Hollywood and Jonathan construct a window display. They have a run-in with the store\'s night security chief, Captain Felix Maxwell, and his cowardly bulldog Rambo. When Jonathan is alone with her, the mannequin he is obsessed with comes to life as Emmy . The next morning, Jonathan tells Roxie about Emmy. She does not believe him. Jonathan\'s window-dressing for Prince & Company attracts large audiences, including Roxie and, unfortunately, B.J. Wert, president of Illustra, a rival department store. It is revealed that VP Richards is a corporate spy for Wert. At their next board meeting, Richards wants to fire Jonathan , but Claire points out that Jonathan\'s designs are increasing sales for the store. Richards proposes to sell Prince & Company to Illustra for 10% of the former\'s value, but Claire refuses. The other board members promote Jonathan to visual merchandising. Emmy and Jonathan\'s relationship snowballs over the following week. Every night, she helps him and Hollywood create window displays which dazzle everyone at Prince & Company and which, ultimately, makes the store famous throughout Philadelphia. Both dressers still have to deal with Captain Maxwell and Roxie – the latter of whom also has to deal with Armand , another Illustra employee who keeps angling for sex with her. One morning, Maxwell is caught sleeping on the job by Claire, who fires him for this. VP Richards sticks up for Maxwell, but succeeds only in getting himself fired also. Claire promotes Jonathan to vice-president. Meanwhile, the window designs are still bringing in a tremendous amount of profits and customers for Prince & Company, at Illustra\'s expense. Armand sneaks into Prince & Company at night and takes pictures of Emmy. The jealous Wert sees the pictures and calls in Richards. They plan to steal Emmy – not knowing that she is alive – and put her on display at Illustra. Jonathan takes Emmy for a ride on his motorcycle. Roxie offers Jonathan work at Illustra, but he already has a job; moreover, he and Emmy are in love. Maxwell and Richards break into Prince & Company. They search for Emmy but cannot tell her apart from all the other mannequins, so they wind up stealing every mannequin in the store. The next morning, Hollywood and Jonathan discover what has happened to Emmy. They dash to Illustra and look around for her. When Wert offers Jonathan Richards\' old job, Jonathan suspects the truth and turns him down. Roxie storms out of the office, swearing that Jonathan will never lay eyes on Emmy ever again. Jonathan chases Roxie into an "employees only" area of the store. He is pursued by a dozen security guards, including Maxwell who has a new attack dog named Terminator. The dog completely ignores Jonathan. Roxie loads Emmy and all the other stolen mannequins into a trash incinerator. Jonathan is cornered by Maxwell\'s security team, but Hollywood assist by bombarding the guards with a fire hose. Jonathan charges up the trash incinerator\'s conveyor belt to rescue Emmy. She comes to life in his hands; the machine\'s operator, upon seeing this happen, hits an "Emergency Stop" button. Maxwell and his fellow guards rush in, followed by Wert, who attempts to have Jonathan arrested for trespassing. Then Claire walks in with a VHS tape from her newly-installed CCTV system. Wert attempts to seduce Claire, who rebukes him, and Richards and Maxwell are arrested for breaking and entering, conspiracy, and grand theft. Seeing Emmy alive, Maxwell questions his own sanity; the police drag him away to a mental hospital. Wert\'s final act as president of Illustra is to fire his whole staff, including the treacherous Roxie. Claire, who now owns Illustra as well as Prince & Company, promotes Hollywood to manage the former. Emmy and Jonathan are married in the shop window of Prince & Company, with Claire as a bridesmaid, and with Hollywood as best man. Looking on, the entire Prince & Company family congratulate them.'] ['Andrew Beckett  is a senior associate at the largest corporate law firm in Philadelphia. Although he lives with his partner Miguel Álvarez , Beckett is not open about his homosexuality at the law firm, nor the fact that he has AIDS. On the day he is assigned the firm\'s newest and most important case, one of the firm\'s partners notices a small lesion on Beckett\'s forehead. Shortly thereafter, Beckett stays home from work for several days to try to find a way to hide his lesions. While at home, he finishes the complaint for the case he has been assigned and then brings it to his office, leaving instructions for his assistants to file the complaint in court on the following day, which marks the end of the statute of limitations for the case. Beckett suffers from bowel spasms at home and is rushed to the hospital. Later that morning, while still at the ER, he receives a frantic call from the firm asking for the complaint, as the paper copy cannot be found and there are no copies on the computer\'s hard drive. However, the complaint is finally discovered and is filed with the court at the last possible moment. The following day, Beckett is dismissed by the firm\'s partners, who had previously referred to him as their "buddy", but now question his professional abilities in light of the misplaced document. Beckett believes that someone deliberately hid his paperwork to give the firm a pretext to fire him, and that the firing is actually as a result of his diagnosis with AIDS. He asks several attorneys to take his case, including personal injury lawyer Joe Miller , with whom he had been involved in a previous case. Miller, who is admittedly homophobic and knows little about AIDS, initially declines to take the case and immediately visits his doctor to find out if he could have contracted the AIDS through shaking Beckett\'s hand. The doctor explains the methods of HIV infection. The doctor then offers to take a sample of Miller\'s blood, suspecting that Miller was asking about AIDS because he suspected he had contracted it and was trying to hide it. Miller dismisses the request by laughing it off, taking it as a joke. Unable to find a lawyer willing to represent him, Beckett is compelled to act as his own attorney. While researching a case at a law library, Miller sees Beckett at a nearby table. After a librarian announces that he has found a book on AIDS discrimination for Beckett, others in the library begin to first stare and then move away, and the librarian suggests Beckett retire to a private room. Disgusted by their behavior, Miller approaches Beckett and reviews the material he has gathered. It is obvious he has decided to take the case. Upon receiving a summons by Miller, the head of the firm, Charles Wheeler , worries about the damage the lawsuit could do to his business and reputation, although one partner  unsuccessfully tries to convince them to settle out of court with Beckett. As the case goes before the court, Wheeler takes the stand, claiming that Beckett was incompetent and claiming that he had deliberately tried to hide his condition. The defense repeatedly suggests that Beckett had invited his illness through promiscuity and was therefore not a victim. In the course of testimony, it is revealed that the partner who had noticed Beckett\'s lesion had previously worked with a woman who had contracted AIDS after a blood transfusion and so would have recognized the lesion as relating to AIDS. In one of the most dramatic scenes, and to prove that the lesions would have been visible, Miller asks Beckett to unbutton his shirt while on the witness stand, revealing that his lesions were indeed visible and recognizable as such. During cross-examination, Beckett admits that he was originally planning to tell his law colleagues that he was gay, but changed his mind after hearing them make homophobic jokes in the sauna of a health club. When asked about the truth of how he got infected, he confirms that he engaged in anonymous sex with another man at a pornographic movie theater. However, he and Miller gain an advantage when the partner who advised settling out of court confesses he long suspected Beckett had AIDS but never said anything, and how he regrets his inaction. Beckett collapses during Wheeler\'s testimony. During his hospitalization, the jury votes in his favor, awarding him back pay, damages for pain and suffering, and punitive damages totaling more than $5M. Miller visits Beckett in the hospital after the verdict and overcomes his fear enough to touch Beckett\'s face. After Beckett\'s family leaves the room, he tells Miguel that he is ready to die. A short scene immediately afterward shows Miller getting the word that Beckett has died. The movie ends with a reception at Beckett\'s home following the funeral, where many mourners, including the Millers, view home movies of Beckett as a healthy child.'] [" An elderly couple, Edith  and Abby  sit in a cinema watching a lesbian-themed film The Children's Hour. A couple walks out of the theater in disgust at the film, and a group of kids laugh when they see Edith and Abby holding hands. Later at the home they have shared for 30 years, Abby falls from a ladder. At the hospital, doctors tell Edith that Abby may have suffered a stroke. Edith spends the night in the waiting room and in the morning she learns that Abby died during the night, and none of the hospital workers informed her after it had happened. Edith telephones Abby's nephew, Ted , to tell him the news. Before Ted and his family come for the funeral, Edith removes all traces that they were a couple. She makes it look like they had separate bedrooms and removes photographs of the two of them together. At the house afterwards, Ted and Edith talk about the fact that the house was in Abby's name. Although Edith contributed equally to the mortgage, she legally owns no part of it. As Alice packs up Abby's belongings, Ted tells Edith that he would consider letting Edith staying in the house and paying him rent. Edith tells him that Abby would have wanted her to stay in the house, as that was what they always talked about. Ted eventually tells her that it would be better if he sells the house and she finds a place of her own although he says that he'll wait till she finds a new place before putting the house on the market. The family leaves, with Ted telling Edith that he will be in touch in a couple of weeks to discuss what she is going to do.  Linda ([[Michelle Williams , a young student, now shares the house with three friends, all lesbians. They face conflict with the feminist group they are part of when the other women do not want to include lesbian issues despite the fact that Linda and her friends helped to found the group and fought for free contraception on campus with their straight friends. At a lesbian bar they have not been to before, they are surprised and disappointed to see women apparently fulfilling traditional butch and femme roles. They laugh at Amy , a young butch woman who is wearing a tie. Amy asks Linda to dance but she refuses while her friends are still there. The others soon leave and Linda stays behind and dances with Amy. Later, Amy gives Linda a ride home on her motorcycle and they kiss. Linda invites Amy to return the next day. The next day Linda and the others are arguing with a woman from the feminist group when Amy arrives. Linda is embarrassed and is short with Amy who quickly leaves. Linda's friends tease her about Amy and question how they can be taken seriously as feminists if they associate with people like Amy. They cannot understand why a woman would dress like a man when they have fought so hard to escape such stereotypical roles. Linda goes to Amy's house and apologizes. They sleep together. The next morning Linda sees a picture of Amy as a child, dressed like a boy. She asks Amy if Amy is supposed to be the man and Linda the woman. Amy says no and accuses Linda of being afraid that people will know what she is if she is seen with Amy. Amy goes to Linda's house for dinner. Linda urges her friends to give Amy a chance but an awkward evening deteriorates when Linda's friends laugh at Amy and try to make her change her clothes. Amy leaves, upset. Linda follows her home and tells her that she was never ashamed of Amy, but only of herself. They reconcile.  The house is now inhabited by Fran  and Kal , a couple hoping to have a baby together. They hope to get a sperm donation from Tom  and Arnold , a gay couple, but when the men are reluctant to agree to stay out of the baby's life, the women decide not to go ahead. Later, Kal tells Fran that she does not want to know the father of the baby and they agree to use an anonymous donor. They look for donors on the internet and find a company to use. Going through endless profiles of potential donors, Kal gets upset that she herself cannot get Fran pregnant. When they discover that Fran is ovulating, Kal hurries to the donor company to get the sperm. She inseminates Fran, but with no success. They share their worries for their child. They know that their baby will face discrimination but hope that their love for each other and their child will be enough. After three attempts to get pregnant, they go to a doctor to help them conceive. Shortly afterwards they discover that Fran is pregnant."] ["Joe Stephanos  is a foreboding looking man who arrives at small, out-of-the-way Bridgeport, California in search of Jeff Bailey . Jeff is dating local girl Ann Miller , whose parents are mistrustful of Jeff, as is Jim ([[Richard Webb , the local law officer and long time admirer of Ann. Stephanos informs Jeff that Whit Sterling  wants to see him. Jeff reluctantly agrees. That night Jeff picks up Ann, and the two drive together to Jeff's meeting. Much of the film is related as a flashback, with Jeff narrating to Ann the story of his dark past. His real name is Jeff Markham. He and partner Jack Fisher ([[Steve Brodie  were private investigators in New York. Jeff had been hired by Whit to find his girlfriend, Kathie Moffat . Whit claims she shot him and left with $40,000 of his money. He assures Jeff he wants her back and will not harm her.  Jeff figures out Kathie headed for Acapulco. When he finds her there, he strikes up an acquaintance. A love affair develops, and Jeff ultimately tells her his real purpose. Kathie denies taking Whit’s money, and pleads with Jeff to run away with her. Preparing to leave with her the next morning, Jeff is surprised by Whit and Stephanos, who are at his door to check up on his progress. He asks Whit to take him off the case, but Whit refuses. Jeff then tells Whit that Kathie slipped past him and is on a steamer heading south. Whit leaves Jeff to track her down. Instead, Jeff and Kathie go north, to San Francisco. Once there, they live as inconspicuously as possible. As time goes by, they relax and settle into their new lives, but on an outing to the race track, they are spotted by Jeff’s old partner, Fisher. Jeff and Kathie split up, with Jeff trying to give Fisher the slip. However, when Jeff joins Kathie at a rural cabin, Fisher is already there. Fisher demands money to keep quiet. A fistfight breaks out, which Kathie brings to an abrupt end when she guns Fisher down. She then drives away, leaving Jeff to cover up the crime. He spots Kathie’s bankbook; it shows a deposit of $40,000. Returning to the present, Jeff and Ann arrive at Whit's estate. Whit appears genuinely glad to see him. To Jeff's surprise, Kathie is there too, having got back together with Whit. Whit says he wants to hire Jeff for a new job to make things right between them. He wants to recover income tax records that document a tax dodge. Whit's lawyer Leonard Eels  is using them to blackmail Whit. Jeff tries to get out of it, but Whit will not take no for an answer. Jeff suspects he is being set up. He tries to warn Eels, but returns later to find him dead. Kathie’s affidavit, in which she claims Jeff killed Fisher, is among the papers with the tax documents. Jeff slips into the nightclub later and takes the papers. He then hides out in Bridgeport. Unbeknownst to either Jeff or Whit, Kathie has arranged for Stephanos to follow Jeff's deaf and dumb young assistant, the Kid ([[Dickie Moore  to find Jeff and kill him. However, when Stephanos prepares to shoot Jeff, the Kid hooks him with his fishing line, causing Stephanos to fall to his death. Back at Lake Tahoe, Jeff convinces Whit to turn Kathie over to the police as Fisher’s murderer. Jeff has seemingly succeeded in slipping out of the trap, and will be able to lead a new life with Ann. Returning to Whit's later, however, he discovers that things have changed. Whit is there, but he has been shot dead. Jeff is stuck with his fate. Kathie declares she is in charge now. She gives Jeff the choice of running away with her or taking the blame for all three murders. Jeff agrees to go with her, but makes a secret phone call before they leave. When they come upon a police roadblock, Kathie realizes Jeff has betrayed her and shoots him. The police begin firing. The car careens off the road. Inside the wreck, the police find a great deal of money and the lifeless bodies of Kathie and Jeff. Afterward, Ann asks the Kid if Jeff was going away with Kathie. The Kid nods his head. Jim drives her home. With that, the Kid looks up at the gas station sign with Jeff's name on it, smiles and nods."] ["Lucy  is a frustrated erotic novelist exploring whether a weekend of sexual passion with Sloan , a bisexual poet, can liberate her from writer's block."] ["It is the summer of 1984 in Paris. Sarah, a well-to-do writer of children’s books, and her working-class husband, Mehdi, an inspector of North African descent, are confronting some marital problems after the recent arrival of their first child. Sarah, stumbling over a bout of writer's block, has little maternal instinct towards their newborn baby, whose cries she tunes out with earplugs while she works. Her husband despairs when she neglects the child, does what he can to fill in, and sometimes parks the child with his parents. The couple have an open marriage and both are allowed to take outside lovers in a “don’t ask, don’t tell” arrangement that seems to work, although not without tensions. Meanwhile, Sarah’s close friend Adrien, a middle-aged gay doctor, meets Manu, a carefree young man, at a cruising ground. Manu is not sexually attracted to Adrien and they do not have sex, but strike an emotional friendship. Manu is happy with the friendship and becomes Adrien’s companion and his student of life’s finer things. Wildly in love with his shallow, narcissistic protégé, Adrien is shrewd enough not to push too hard, but there is an element of masochism in his abject devotion. Manu, who has recently arrived to Paris from a provincial town in the south of France, shares a space with his sister Julie, while she struggles to affirm herself as an opera singer. They live in a cheap hotel that is a center of prostitution. This does not bother Manu, and he has a friendly relationship with Sandra, a prostitute. The hotel is under scrutiny by Mehdi, who leads the police force’s vice division. Through Adrien, Manu meets Sarah and Mehdi. The group of friends get together at Sarah’s mother’ summerhouse in the Calanques of Marseille. One afternoon, when Mehdi and Manu go swimming in a remote cove, Mehdi saves Manu from drowning and, while tugging him to shore and administering mouth-to-mouth resuscitation, becomes aroused. Later, when Manu makes a pass at Mehdi, he responds, and they embark on a secret, no-strings-attached love affair. They meet at the holiday camping site outside Paris, where Manu now works as a cook. When Manu confesses to Adrien that he has been having sex with Mehdi, Adrian is furious and hits Manu. After the fight, Adrian discovers spots on Manu's skin; it turns out that he has AIDS. Sarah tries to write a novel, and as a result Mehdi leaves temporarily to stay at his parents with the baby. Adrien becomes a leader in a medical crusade against AIDS, while meanwhile privately taking on Manu's treatment. Mehdi also does not shun his friend when he hears the news, although he is terrified that he has AIDS and cannot bring himself to tell his wife. He wants to see Manu, but Manu does not want to see him in the terrible state he is in. By contrast, Adrien is safe as his relationship with Manu was more companion-based than sexual. Desperate to see his former lover, Mehdi forces his way into the camping site. Manu shows him his gun, with which he will commit suicide when his illness gets worse. Mehdi secretly takes it with him and throws it in the Seine Mehdi is relieved that he has not been infected. Sarah has not been infected either and they reconcile. Manu’s health deteriorates and he commits suicide with pills supplied by Adrien for this purpose. Before he passes away, Manu uses a tape recorder to dictate his life for others to hear of. Sarah is inspired by the events as they have transpired so far and, once he is gone, listens to the tapes and begins writing a tale  of it. She is free of her writer's block. Medhi is a bit concerned his life will become gossip, but Sarah assures him she has changed the names in the story. A year later Sarah, Mehdi, Adrien and his new companion Steve, a young American, return to the summerhouse on the Riviera to celebrate Sarah and Medhi's child's birthday"] ["The film takes place in 1953. Larry Lipinsky is a young Jewish boy from Brooklyn, New York, who has dreams of stardom. He moves to Greenwich Village, much to the chagrin of his extremely overprotective mother. Larry ends up hanging out with an eccentric bunch of characters while waiting for his big break. He has group of tight-knit friends, which includes a wacky girl named Connie; Anita, an emotionally distraught young woman who constantly contemplates suicide; Robert, a young WASP who fancies himself a poet; and Bernstein, a gay man. All the while, he tries to maintain a stormy relationship with Sarah, his girlfriend. This band of outsiders becomes Larry's new family as he struggles as an actor and works toward a break in Hollywood."] [' In the 1950s Dorothy Nelson  joins the United States Navy where she meets the Friends of Dorothy, a code name for a group of gay and lesbian sailors. Nelson meets Billy , who takes her to an interracial nightclub that tolerates gay people. However, the NCIS raids the nightclub, and Nelson is among those servicemembers who receive a Section 8 discharge for "sexual perversion." Returning to Homer, she tries to restart her life as a public school teacher, but her Section 8 discharge prevents her from getting a job. When her homosexuality becomes public knowledge, her mother expels her from the house, forcing her to seek shelter at a family friend\'s grocery store. However, the townspeople disapprove of this arrangement, and Nelson becomes homeless. An independent-minded woman named Janet  at the local diner defends her against the verbal harassment and advises Nelson to go to the bohemian Greenwich Village, the only place where she might be free to be herself.  The second story flashes forward to the town of Homer in the 1970s, towards the end of the Vietnam War. There a closeted gay high school French language teacher, Mr. Roberts ([[Steven Weber , has a student named Tobias, nicknamed Toby,  who is on the verge of coming out of the closet, and who he suspects wishes to confide in him. Roberts must keep his homosexuality a secret for the fear of losing his job, but his live-in boyfriend pressures him to set a good example for the students by illustrating the importance of tolerance and justice. Tobias visits a prostitute on the advice of his swimming coach, with the idea that she can help him "become a man", but rather instead gives him some good advice about being himself. After Tobias is sexually assaulted by bullies and is discovered by Roberts, Roberts then himself comes out to his students and lectures them on the evils of bias-motivated hatred. Tobias graduates from high school and leaves Homer to attend college in the big city.  The final short story takes place in the present day , when a father and the townspeople have to come to terms with the fact that two men will be getting married during a commitment ceremony to be held in the town. The father is planning to lead a protest march against the wedding, while his son, Amos , is nervous about getting married and going against the cultural stereotype of gay men. The film ends on a positive note, with father and son reconciling and the wedding taking place as scheduled.'] ['The film portrays a day, a night and the following day in the life of a teenage orphan, Nina, who lives in a group home. Nina is shy, introverted and lives only in the past, which she tries to fabricate in her diary. She meets Toni, a young woman living on the street who is her exact opposite: she concerns herself only with surviving the present moment. They meet Françoise, who has recently been released from a mental hospital in Berlin and now wanders the city aimlessly. Unable to give up the hope of finding her daughter, Marie, who was abducted many years ago, she is also arrested by the past. Françoise believes she recognizes Nina as her daughter. Her husband, Pierre, tries patiently to convince her to return with him to France. When Nina is abandoned by Toni after a party she goes looking for the place where she had encountered Françoise. She hopes that she finally might have found a real mother. Although Françoise is there, at the film’s end Nina is left bitterly disappointed.'] ['A successful escort describes in a series of confessions his tangled romantic relationships with his two roommates and an older, enigmatic client. The story remains the same as the novel, about a man  who goes by only the letter "X" to maintain his anonymity and relationships between his two roommates  - one of whom he\'s in love with - and an enigmatic older client  who challenges him to find his heart before he will consent to sex. The movie\'s differences from the novel include Andrew\'s character  and the location of the story in Seattle, Washington instead of Chicago, Illinois.'] ['The documentary looks at the lives and opinions of several gay members of the US Republican Party, including:<ref namehttp://www.variety.com/review/VE1117925576?refcatidFilm Reviews - Gay Republicans | authorVariety | yearNovember}} * Maurice Bonamigo, a Palm Beach hairstylist who was a strong supporter of George W. Bush and his policies; * Carol Newman, an attorney from Los Angeles who has proposed to her life partner; * Steve May, a former state legislator who comments on perceived changes to the party over time; and * Mark Harris, a gay rights activist with strong opinions on both sides of the debate.'] ['Socket is a dark sexual tale of a gay man being drawn into a cult of electricity addicts after being struck by lightning. It is reportedly the first gay sci-fi thriller. However, it is also unique in that it is a film where the sexuality of the four lead characters is inconsequential to the plot. Socket tells the story of Bill , a surgeon who is struck by lightning and winds up recovering in his own hospital. There he meets an intern named Craig , who suffered the same natural accident and has developed an appetite for electrical voltage. After meeting him, Bill realizes he has the same craving. Craig introduces him to an underground group of people who all share this addiction. Bill then uses his surgical knowledge to come up with a method of inserting electric sockets and prongs into the members\' wrists so they can "juice up". But after Bill accidentally discovers that he can mainline electricity from living people, he becomes hooked on absorbing this particular kind of power.'] ['Director Reed Cowan, who is a former Mormon missionary, "planned on making a film about gay teen homelessness and suicide in Utah, but switched his focus to Mormon ideology because of how it contributes to the homophobia that causes these problems".{{cite news | url CNN | title\'nyt_review\'>{{cite news}}'] ["Simon Eskanazy is a thirty-year-old gay musician. Born into a Jewish family, he took great pains to accept his homosexuality, and to get his family  to do the same. The latter, Uncle Salomon is a wealthy banker who offered him a deal: he'll give him 10 million francs and will bequeath his mansion to Simon only if Simon agrees to marry a woman. First reluctant, he met Rosalie Baumann, a Jewish singer known for singing in Yiddish, she is very observant, and her parents live in the United States. Little by little, while getting to know her, Simon falls in love with her."] ['Vincent  is a shy boy who is in the swim team and is also a good student with his girlfriend Noémie  and a best friend, Stéphane , life in school can\'t be better for him. But then, he suddenly start to have encounters with the new boy, Bejamin . They have a private meeting and then some boys write on a wall "Molina is a fag". Vincent start to being bullied and is forced out in his high school, changing his life and his relationships with family and friends in ways he will have to accept.'] ['Longtime Companion chronicles the first years of the AIDS epidemic as seen through its impact on several gay men and the straight sister of one of them. The film is split into several sections identified by dates.  Willy  a personal trainer, and his friend John  are spending time with affluent gay couple David  and Sean  at their beach house on Fire Island for the 4th of July. Sean is a screenwriter for the popular daytime soap opera Other People and David comes from a blue blood background and has a large trust fund. Back in the city, Howard ([[Patrick Cassidy  is preparing to audition for Sean\'s soap. His boyfriend is Paul  a business executive and their next-door neighbor is Lisa , whose brother Fuzzy ([[Stephen Caffrey , is a lawyer who represents Howard. That morning, The New York Times publishes its first article about the rise of a new "gay cancer." The news spreads as friends call each other. Some are immediately concerned, others dismissive. Willy meets Fuzzy at a tea dance later in the afternoon and they begin a relationship. Howard lands the role.  John is the first among the group to be diagnosed with the new disease, contracting pneumonia. Howard is given script pages in which his character is slated to become the first openly gay character on daytime television. He\'s very concerned about typecasting, fearing that by playing gay he won\'t be offered other sorts of parts. Willy and Fuzzy move in together. John dies shortly after his admission to the hospital.  Willy, Fuzzy, Lisa, David and Sean gather back on Fire Island with friends Michael and Bob to watch Howard\'s character come out on the soap opera. The group also discuss a sick neighbor who has become a pariah on the island. That evening, Sean and David argue over Sean\'s fears that he might be getting sick.  Paul is hospitalized with toxoplasmosis. Sean is also hospitalized. Willy visits Sean and is so terrified of becoming infected that he dons a surgical mask and protective gown and, when Sean kisses him on the neck, excuses himself to the bathroom to scrub the spot. Michael is also visiting Sean, bringing with him homeopathic preparations and a book by Louise Hay. Howard visits Paul and breaks down sobbing. Paul tries to reassure and comfort him.  Sean has deteriorated to the point of dementia. David is helping with his writing and deceiving the studio into thinking that Sean is still able to work. Fuzzy tries to get Howard a movie role but the producer refuses to cast him because of the rumor that he has AIDS. Paul is back in the hospital following a seizure. David takes Sean for a walk but has to take him home when Sean urinates in a fountain. That night Willy catches Fuzzy checking himself for swollen glands and they talk about their fear of dying. "What do you think happens when we die?" Fuzzy asks. "We get to have sex again" is Willy\'s reply.  Sean has deteriorated to the point of near-catatonia and is in constant pain. He has to be strapped into his bed and has lost control of his bowels and bladder and has to wear adult diapers as a result. After sending Sean\'s nurse on an errand, David sits with Sean and tells him that it\'s all right to let go, to stop fighting to stay alive. Sean dies. Willy and Lisa come by to help David and they pick out a suit for Sean to wear to be cremated. Fuzzy calls Gay Men\'s Health Crisis to find a funeral home. In a rare moment of levity, Lisa and Willy stumble across a slinky red dress in Sean\'s closet and consider giving it to the undertaker. "What could they say", asks Willy, "if we said we knew him and we knew that\'s the way he wanted to be remembered?" Ultimately they decide against it, since "it needs a hat. A big Bea Lillie thing!" The four go to a Chinese restaurant to write Sean\'s obituary and include David as his "longtime companion."  David has died in his sleep and this is the day of his memorial service. Bob and Willy eulogize him. At the reception following the service, the friends recall a time when David tried on his sister\'s wedding dress, accidentally tripped, and fell down the stairs, still wearing the dress.  Fuzzy and Lisa are volunteering answering phones at GMHC. Willy is a "buddy" to a GMHC client, Alberto. Howard has been diagnosed as being HIV positive. Although it\'s not mentioned, the presumption is that Paul has died. Howard exploits his remaining fame as a former soap opera star to raise money for AIDS causes by hosting a benefit which includes a performance by Finger Lakes Trio of the Village People song "YMCA" performed in a pastiche of chamber music style.  Willy, Fuzzy and Lisa walk along the beach. While it is again unstated, the presumption is that Howard has died. They talk about an upcoming ACT UP demonstration. They talk about remembering a time before AIDS and wonder about finding a cure. The film ends with a momentary fantasy sequence, with the friends and others lost to AIDS appearing with them on the beach, before they vanish again and the three are left to walk off the deserted beach while the song "Post-Mortem Bar", by Zane Campbell, plays on the soundtrack.'] ["The story revolves on Selya Rosanna Roces a schoolteacher, who wants commitment in her relationship with Bobby, Gardo Versoza who she ends up having sexual affairs with but Bobby leaves her because he cannot own up to a need of a needed commitment, Selya ends up in a little town where she meets Piling Eva Darren a schoolteacher as well she meets Dave Ricky Davao a gay man who lives in a Homophobic town filled with Vicious criticism and gossip, Selya begins to think that things won't seem well in this predicament as she in Dave are in a relationship because of unwanted and unprovided sex that Selya deeply wants in this relationship, so she walks out on Dave as he proposes to Selya she decides to go back to Bobby, only in the end to find her self pregnant and regretting her decision with getting back with Bobby, so Selya comes back to Dave and decides to raise her child with Bobby she becomes happy with her decision upon a sexless marriage and living in a civil union without Bobby Selya, realizes her worth as a woman and in the end as Bobby comes back to take Selya and their child she now faces her own irony and dares to show that she is not just a woman but also a true human being."] ['Alex is a married Junior Leaguer with a penchant for interesting shoes. Her Junior League chapter\'s annual project is to volunteer at Hope House, an AIDS hospice that recently opened in her home town of Azalea Springs, Texas. Alex and her League friends, including her friend Sloan, tour Hope House. Alex runs into her best friend Spencer, whose lover Bruce is a resident, and Grace, a friend from high school who had recently moved back to Azalea Springs to work at Hope House as a nurse. That night at the town\'s annual Azalea Ball, a drunken Spencer tells a society matron that his homosexuality was caused by drinking the local water. An equally drunken Sloan overhears and spreads the story. A panic ensues, with the local newspaper printing the story and commissioning testing of the water supply. Mark, the son of the publisher, objects to his father, but because Mark is himself struggling with his homosexuality and attending meetings of an ex-gay group at the local church, he\'s limited in what he can do to mitigate the story and the resultant damage. The leader of the ex-gay group, Brother Daniel, announces plans to protest for the closing of Hope House. Alex and Grace renew their friendship and Grace comes out as a lesbian to her. Grace returned to Azalea Springs because her husband found out about an affair she was having with another woman and is now in prison for assaulting Grace. At an ex-gay meeting, Mark meets Tomas, a painter. Mark hires Tomas to re-paint his dining room. The Junior League decides not to continue volunteering at Hope House. Alex, who\'s resigned from the League, goes to work full time at the hospice over her husband Robert\'s objections. Alex develops some curiosity about her possible lesbianism and rents a number of classic lesbian-themed films: Desert Hearts; Lianna; Personal Best; Heavenly Creatures; Bar Girls; Claire of the Moon; The Incredibly True Adventure of Two Girls in Love; an unnamed, presumably pornographic video; and, inexplicably, The Godfather, Part III. At Hope House, Alex gives in to her growing attraction to Grace and they kiss passionately in a supply room. Sloan catches them and spreads the story all over town. After Tomas paints Mark\'s dining room, they go out on a dinner date, where Mark learns that Tomas stumbled into the ex-gay meeting by mistake. After dinner they go to Tomas\'s studio and Tomas shows Mark his paintings. They make love. Reaction is immediate and hostile, with Alex suffering indignities great and small, everything from the breakup of her marriage to the closing of her credit account at the local fried pie shop. Following this, Mark gains the courage to break up with the woman he\'s been dating as a "beard" and to come out to his father. He demands that his father drop the story on the water supply  and stop the negative coverage of Hope House. Mark and Tomas and Alex and Grace go out dancing at a big-city gay club, where they see Ray Ray, the son of Alex\'s family housekeeper, performing as a drag queen called Obsession. Ray Ray leads Mark and Tomas to a leather bar where they catch ex-gay leader Brother Daniel in full leather gear . Meanwhile, Alex and Grace go to a hotel room where they make love for the first time. Back in Azalea Springs, Spencer\'s lover Bruce dies of AIDS-related complications. At his funeral, Alex\'s father comforts her and her mother, while still upset over Alex\'s lesbianism, shows that she still loves her daughter .'] ["In the early '70s, an attractive young Parisian student, Marc, tries to organize students to fight for gay rights. Meanwhile, his best friend, Julie, becomes involved in feminist and class causes. Sparks fly when these disparate groups unite in opposition to the status quo during a heated radio show debate, leading to radical changes… “My Super 8 Season” is freely inspired by the story of the FHAR, the Homosexual Revolutionary Action Front, and dedicated to its leaders Guy Hocquenghem and Françoise d'Eaubonne."] ['At the age of 40, porn star Colton Ford decides to leave the industry and pursue his true calling — a singing career. He feels he has the voice, but his "overexposed" past could be the hook that gets him noticed or the hook that yanks him off stage. Naked Fame follows Colton and his former life-partner, porn star Blake Harper, as they try to ease their way back into the mainstream. The film examines the inner-workings of music industry and documents the emotional struggles involved in the pursuit of one\'s dreams. It contains footage and interviews from Chi Chi LaRue, Bruce Vilanch, Pepper Mashay and Lonnie Gordon, and Ford\'s parents.'] ['The film tells the story of Sissy Hankshaw , a woman born with a mutation  giving her enormously large thumbs. The film is a transgressive romp, covering topics from homosexuality and free love to drug use and political rebellion to animal rights and body odor and religions. Sissy makes the most of her thumbs by becoming a hitchhiker. Her travels take her to New York, where she becomes a model for a transvestite feminine hygiene products mogul who introduces her to the man whom she will marry, a staid Mohawk named Julian Gitche . In her later travels, she encounters, among many others, a sexually open cowgirl named Bonanza Jellybean  and an itinerant escapee from the Japanese internment camps happily mislabeled "The Chink" .'] ["East Side Story is the story of Diego , a young, closeted Latino, who helps his grandmother  run the family restaurant while carrying on a relationship with equally closeted Pablo . Diego has long felt trapped by the conservative culture of East LA and plans to move away and open an upscale restaurant, hopefully with his lover, but Pablo views their relationship very differently - a point driven home when he begins dating Diego's Aunt Bianca . At the same time, Wesley and his boyfriend move in, gentrifying the neighborhood. The attraction between Wesley and Diego is immediate and electric, forcing both men to reexamine their state of affairs."] ["Angelo Barberini is the oddball son of Italian immigrants Gino and Maria, who inadvertently ended up in Canada rather than the United States of America. Angelo shocks his parents - and his sister, Anna - by moving out on his own without getting married, and, shortly after that, shocks them further still when he reveals as gay. But his boyfriend , policeman Nino Paventi, isn't as ready to come out of the closet - especially not to his busybody Sicilian mother, Lina."] ['Narrated by their friend David , World and Time Enough is the story of Mark  and Joey . Mark is an HIV-positive art student who creates temporary "sculptures" on topics including AIDS, abortion and the Bush economy. Joey works as a garbage collector, picking up trash along the roadways. He sometimes brings home interesting items that he finds on the job. Mark\'s mother was killed when he was a child, in a freak accident in a church when she was crushed by a large falling cross. Since that day, his father has been obsessed with building model cathedrals. Mark and his father are somewhat distant and out of touch and Mark reaches out to him through a series of phone calls, leaving messages on his father\'s answering machine. Unknown to Mark, his father has died alone in his home but hasn\'t yet been discovered. Joey\'s relationship with his adoptive parents is also strained because of his father\'s issues with Joey\'s homosexuality. Although he remains close with his sister, Joey feels the need to seek out his birth parents through the adoption social service agency. Mark discovers his father\'s body and in his grief he assumes his father\'s obsession with cathedral building. Rather than a model, however, Mark begins work on a full-size cathedral in a local open field. Joey learns the identity of his birth parents, but also learns that they have died. He visits their gravesite and says the things there that he would have told them while they were alive. Mark experiences a vision of his father, who tells him that he\'s making a mistake, to go home. Mark feverishly climbs the scaffolding and falls off it to the ground. Joey discovers him there. Later, together, out of the scaffolds, surviving bits of Mark\'s sculptures and the things Joey\'s gathered, they build their own "cathedral."'] ['Matt Grabowski  is a passive closeted gay man who works as a loan officer in a bank. He awakes one morning to find that his roommate has moved out, stealing all of his furniture. He\'s assigned a loan application for Mister Pickwick, an important client, and pressured to approve it despite the client not really qualifying. He\'s forced to take the client out to a stripper bar and after an uncomfortable time there, he\'s gay bashed on his way home. All of these incidents inspire Matt to sign up for "Butch Camp" to learn how to stand up for himself. Butch Camp is run by Samantha Rottweiler , a Teutonic lesbian who puts campers through a regimen of physical training, self-defense instruction and verbal abuse designed to toughen them up. Rottweiller characterizes straights as "the enemy" and under the theory "know thy enemy" requires campers to learn straight lingo . Rottweiler sends campers out on "assignments" in the straight world, like making them hang out in straight bars. On one such assignment, Matt meets hairdresser Janet Cockswell  and her boyfriend Rod . He becomes friends with Janet; Rod is initially somewhat resentful of him but eventually warms up as the three hang out more. Matt finds himself developing a crush on Rod. Janet, not realizing Matt is gay, sets her sights on him. Janet gets him to her salon under the false pretense of a fight with Rod and seduces him. Rod finds out about it and he and Janet argue, with dialog implying that Rod might be gay himself. A day or two later, Rod runs into Matt and confronts him. As they start to talk it out  they\'re suddenly confronted by an armed robber who inexplicably forces them to strip before running off. Shaken, the guys go to Matt\'s place and have some drinks. They talk and Rod, noticing that Matt is bruised and sore, offers him a back rub. The massage becomes more sensual until Rod becomes ill. Suddenly Janet shows up. Rod hides while Janet tries to seduce Matt again, but Matt comes out to her instead and she leaves, but only after Matt agrees to remain friends with her. Rod, blaming the alcohol, also leaves. At work, Matt refuses to approve the questionable loan and the bank manager fires him. Depressed, he avoids Rod and Janet for weeks. Meanwhile, Rod breaks up with Janet and comes out to one of his friends, who drops him. Rod sneaks into Matt\'s apartment. Rod wants to be with Matt but Matt is worried about having his heart broken again. Rod leaves with the situation unresolved. Matt\'s preparing for his Butch Camp "final exam"  while trying to get a hold of Rod and to decide whether to help his old bank with a sting operation against Mister Pickwick. On his way to the exam he stumbles across his old manager, cross-dressed, being beaten by the same basher who attacked Matt. Using what he learned at Butch Camp, Matt defeats the basher. Rod, hearing of Matt\'s actions, tracks him down. They reconcile over a romantic dinner and dance together at the restaurant. They go back to Matt\'s place and make love. Matt helps his old bank execute the sting and his boss, grateful for his help and for his rescue , hires him back with a promotion. Back at work, Matt spots a Butch Camp flyer on a co-worker\'s desk and smiles encouragingly. At Butch Camp, Matt graduates and is awarded the "Medal of Honor" for removing the basher from the streets. The film closes with the Butch Camp graduates marching in Chicago\'s annual gay pride parade.'] ["Jean-Pierre is a literature professor in Switzerland. Due to the vagarities of Swiss law, he is selected, basically at random, to be the guardian of a parentless teenage boy named Antoine. Conflict comes into the story as Jean-Pierre, who has just accepted a major promotion, must now deal with caring for a teenage boy he doesn't want to care for, as well as handling his own jealous boyfriend. Then his wife steps into the picture. Things get complicated from there as Jean-Pierre tries to get out of his guardianship."] ['The film opens with Franz Sommer  and his newlywed wife, Helene ([[Mary Johnson . They are going through hard times, and Sommer is without steady employment, partly due to his honest-to-a-fault nature. Helene takes a job selling cigars and cigarettes at a restaurant. When a patron advances on Helene and ignores Sommer\'s warning to leave her alone, Sommer pushes him away. He falls and hits his head, dying some days later. Sommer is arrested and sentenced three years in prison. Sommer is kept in large cell with four other people, one of which, Steinau , is soon acquitted and promises Sommer to help his wife while he\'s incarcerated. This he does by giving her a better job at his business and offering her his friendship while they both work to get Sommer out. For much of the remainder of the film, the men\'s sexual frustration from being separated from women is the focus, with scenes such as making nude sculptures from breadcrumbs and water and fighting for a woman\'s handkerchief smuggled in from visitation. At the same time, there is a strong homoerotic undercurrent throughout, though only hinted at. The fifth act brings changes to both Helene and Sommer\'s stories. Helene, delirious from Sommer\'s absence, goes to Steinau one night after madly trying to gain entrance to the prison, and sleeps with him. Meanwhile, Sommer\'s relationship with fellow inmate Alfred Marquis  begins to move from subtext to foreground. At the prison church service, Sommer and Marquis sit next to each other, and as the preacher tells them to "Yield not to temptation", Marquis is writing Franz and Alfred in the cover of his Bible. He shows it to Sommer, who does not respond. That night, Sommer, seeing Marquis completely absorbed in thought, asks him what he is thinking about. Marquis asks if his nonresponse means he hates him and holds out his hand. Sommer takes it, and begins moving into Marquis\'s bed as the scene fades to an exterior night shot of the prison. The next day, Helene arranges with the warden for a private visit with Sommer, where she intends to tell him about Steinau, but she does not. Nor does Sommer say anything. The short meeting is awkward and distant. Later, Steinau makes his presentation calling for a penal system reform, but the representative is unswayed. Steinau asks Helene to divorce Sommer and marry him, but she refuses. Marquis is released, and Sommer shortly after him. Marquis is briefly seen by the river with another man, happily commenting that Sommer got out today. The other man cynically responds that he could make a good deal of money if Sommer is rich, to which Marquis takes offense and walks away. Though not spelled out, the suggestion is that one could use Paragraph 175  to blackmail Sommer, in the a same way that it is used against Paul Körner in Different From the Others. Sommer goes home, where his wife is happy to see him, and he is happy to be free, but confesses he no longer loves her. Helene thinks he has found out about Steinau, but when she mentions him, he knows nothing of it. It is at that point that there is a knock at the door and Helene opens it to find Marquis with a bouquet of flowers come to see Sommer. Helene then figures it all out. Sommer, now even more depressed, sends him away. He leaves the flowers on the newelpost in the hallway while offering his apologies to Helene, who sees him out. Going back inside, she sees Sommer eying the gas valve on the heater. He tells her he cannot go on living and urges her to leave, but she will not. He turns on the gas and together, they both die.'] ["Gabriel Noone , a popular gay New York City radio show host, is dealing with a separation from his partner, Jess . Noone is given a memoir written by teenager Pete Logand , who chronicles the many years of sexual abuse he suffered at the hands of his parents and their friends. Diagnosed with AIDS, the youth has been adopted by Donna Logand , the social worker who handled his case. Noone begins a telephone relationship with the boy and Donna. He and Pete become increasingly close and form a father-son relationship, much to the dismay of Jess, especially after he speaks to Donna and suspects she and the boy are the same person. Noone's personal secretary Anna adds fuel to the fire by discussing her research into people who fabricate stories for attention or love. Determined to prove the boy exists and his story is true, Noone decides to pay a surprise visit to him in his hometown in rural Wisconsin. Noone discovers the return address on Peter's correspondence is actually a mail drop. Soon after, while eating in a local diner, he overhears another patron and recognizes her voice as that of Donna. He's stunned to learn she's blind and uses a guide dog. Noone follows her home and Donna senses he has followed her. She invites him into her home and talks openly about Peter, who she says is currently in the hospital undergoing tests. She assures him he can visit the boy the following day, then suddenly becomes angry and tells him she will not allow him to meet her son. Increasingly suspicious, Noone contacts all the hospitals in Madison, the site of the nearest facilities, but none have the boy registered as a patient. Gabriel's paranoia about the boy's existence grows and, hoping to find proof of his existence, he breaks into Donna's home. A police officer arrests him for breaking and entering and then, mistakenly believing him to be one of the boy's abusers, attacks him with a stun baton before taking him to the station. Noone convinces the police he meant no harm and is released, only to find Donna waiting for him with the news that Pete has died and was staying in a Milwaukee hospital, not one in Madison. Distressed that Noone doesn't believe her, Donna collapses in the middle of a road and tries to hold him with her in the path of an oncoming truck. She then moves everything out of her home and disappears before the police can question her. Noone is now convinced that the boy is a figment of the deranged woman's imagination. In response to a phone call from Donna, Gabriel goes to a motel where she was staying, and finds Pete's stuffed rabbit and a videotape under a blanket. He plays the video of a child, who seems to be Pete, but who could have been anyone. The phone rings and the caller claims to be the boy, waiting for his mother at the airport. Gabriel asks some questions after finding out that his mother lied about his death, but the caller ends the conversation after Gabriel asks what happened in Donna's past and how she became blind. In the final moments of the conversation Pete's voice changes to sound more womanly, just as the conversation is cut off. Gabriel returns to Manhattan and uses his experience to create The Night Listener, a new radio story. In the final scene, Donna is searching for a new home in a coastal town, telling the realtor she needs it for herself and her sick child, who has just lost his leg but will be released the next day. She has drastically changed her appearance and no longer has a guide dog or dark glasses, revealing her blindness was also an act."] [' May 3, 1962: Tracy Turnblad, a cheerful, overweight high school student living in Baltimore, Maryland steps out of her apartment  and endures a day’s worth of school before she and best friend Penny Pingleton can watch their favorite television show, The Corny Collins Show, a teen dance show broadcast from local station WYZT . The teenagers featured on the show attend Tracy and Penny\'s school, among them the arrogant and wealthy Amber von Tussle and her boyfriend, Link Larkin, the lead male dancer. Amber’s mother, Velma, manages WYZT and makes sure Amber is featured and that The Corny Collins Show remains a racially segregated program. Corny Collins and his Council Members are white; black kids are only allowed on the show on "Negro Day", held the last Tuesday of each month and hosted by R&B disc jockey Motormouth Maybelle, who owns the local record shop. Tracy\'s reclusive mother, Edna, and Penny\'s strict, religious mother, Prudy, disapprove of their daughters\' fascination with the program, despite the fact that Prudy watches the show herself; Tracy\'s father, Wilbur, a joke-shop proprietor, is more lenient. Corny Collins announces that one of the Council Members, Brenda, is pregnant, and is going on a leave of absence, so auditions for a replacement will be held during school hours the next day . When Tracy attends, Velma rejects her for being overweight and supporting integration (". Tracy is sent to detention by Miss Wimsey for skipping school, discovering the "Negro Day" kids practicing their dances in the detention hall. Tracy befriends the students\' best dancer, Motormouth Maybelle\'s son, Seaweed, who teaches Tracy several dance moves. As Tracy leaves detention, she inadvertently bumps into Link and dreams of a life with him . At a record hop, Tracy’s moves attract the attention of Corny Collins  and he appoints her to the Council ("The Nicest Kids in Town . Tracy becomes one of Corny\'s most popular Council Members. This, however, threatens Amber\'s chances of winning the show\'s yearly "Miss Teenage Hairspray" pageant  and her relationship with Link, as he grows fonder of Tracy. Mr. Pinky, a slightly off-centered salesman, suggests that Tracy be the spokesgirl for his Hefty Hideaway boutique. Tracy persuades Edna to accompany her to the Hefty Hideaway as her agent, and in the process helps cure her mother\'s agoraphobia . Tracy introduces Seaweed to Penny, and the two are smitten. One afternoon, Amber has Tracy sent to detention. Link follows after taunting their teacher Mr. Flak. Seaweed invites the girls and Link to follow him and his sister Little Inez to a platter party at Motormouth Maybelle\'s store . Edna finds Tracy and tries to take her home, until Maybelle convinces her to stay and tells her to take pride in herself . Maybelle informs everyone that Velma has canceled "Negro Day". Tracy suggests that Maybelle and the others stage a demonstration for the next afternoon, a day before the "Miss Teenage Hairspray" pageant. Realizing that he has a chance at stardom by singing at the pageant, Link does not attend the demonstration. After the party, Edna goes to Wilbur\'s shop to flirt with him, but Velma gets there first and tries to seduce Wilbur ("Big, Blonde and Beautiful . Edna arrives and accuses Wilbur of infidelity. Edna, out of hatred for Velma, forbids Tracy from being on the show. Wilbur and Edna reconcile (". The next morning, Tracy sneaks out of the house to join the protest , which comes to a halt at a police roadblock set up by Velma. The protesters are arrested, but Tracy runs to the Pingletons, where Penny hides her in a fallout shelter. Prudy catches Tracy and calls the police before tying Penny to her bed. Seaweed and his friends, having been bailed out by Wilbur, help Tracy and Penny escape. Link visits Tracy’s house to look for her and realizes that he loves her. Seaweed and Penny acknowledge their love during the escape from her house . With the pageant underway (", Velma places police officers around WYZT to stop Tracy. She also changes the pageant tallies so Amber is guaranteed to win. Penny arrives at the pageant with Edna incognito, while Wilbur, Seaweed and the Negro Day kids help Tracy infiltrate the studio to participate in the Miss Teenage Hairspray contest. Link breaks away from Amber to dance with Tracy; later, he pulls Little Inez, who has arrived at WYZT with Maybelle, to the stage to dance in the pageant. Little Inez receives the most votes and wins the pageant, officially integrating The Corny Collins Show. Velma declares her frustration, informing her daughter of the tally-switching scheme. Edna and Wilbur have turned a camera on her, and Velma\'s outburst is broadcast on the air, causing her to be dismissed. The Corny Collins Show set explodes into a celebration as Tracy and Link cement their love with a kiss .'] ["The film tracks the sexual awakenings of three 15-year-old female friends over the course of a single summer. Finding privacy in the solitude of the swimming pool locker room, blossoming teens Marie , Anne  and Floriane  come to learn the true meaning of arousal and the power of sexual attraction. Marie seems to be physically and emotionally attracted to Floriane. Both Floriane and Anne are members of a synchronised swimming team, The Stade Franas Swimmers. Marie expresses an interest in joining the team in order to become closer to Floriane, whom the other girls regard as a 'slut.' Floriane exhibits her protectiveness for and caring attitude towards Marie when the former gives the latter a medal she was awarded. When Marie sees Anne at a later point in time, Anne is resentful towards Marie for ignoring her. Marie tells Anne that she was just spending time at her cousin's. Anne accepts this explanation. The next day, Anne speaks to a young man upon whom she has a crush, Francois. Meanwhile, Floriane confesses to Marie that she has not yet had sex, despite what everyone else on the swim team seems to think. Floriane tells Marie that the rest of the young women on the team make up rumours because they do not like her. In fact, Floriane does not have many female friends. Floriane tells Marie that one day, she was practicing in the water and the swimming instructor showed her his penis under the water. When Floriane asks Marie if she has any similar stories to tell, Marie is quiet and Floriane tells her that she is very lucky. When they go to Floriane's place, they spend time together lying on Floriane's the bed holding hands. After a swim practice, Marie feels affronted when she sees Floriane kissing Francois. Floriane, however, tells Marie that she is afraid of what will happen if Francois discovers that she is really not a slut and is hesitant about the prospect of having sex. After spending the night at a nightclub, where Floriane kisses an older man, she tells Marie that she really likes her. In fact, she wants Marie to be her 'first'. Marie rejects Floriane. Later that day, Marie meets Anne at a shopping mall. Anne shoplifts a necklace. When the two eat lunch at McDonald's, Marie tells Anne that she is immature and then leaves the eating establishment. When Anne enters the male swimming pool locker room after her confrontation with Marie, she gives Francois the necklace, which he then gives to Floriane. She confesses to Marie that Francois wants to see her tonight when her parents are not at home. Marie then states that she will do what Floriane had asked her to do. In bed, it seems as if Marie accomplished the goal. When Anne sees Marie, she tells her friend that Floriane had sex with Francois. After Marie and Anne, share a kiss, Marie tells Anne that she likes somebody. Anne assumes that Marie has a heterosexual crush. At the swimming party, Anne spits into Francois's mouth when he attempts to have sex with her. In the locker room, Marie and Floriane share a passionate kiss. Floriane leaves Marie in tears when she indicates that she is going back to the party, telling Marie to 'save her' if Francois turns out to be 'an ass.' The film concludes with Marie jumping fully clothed into the pool, with Anne following Marie's actions once Marie resurfaces. They float on their backs in the pool together, while Florentine dances at the party, oblivious to the effect that her actions have had upon Marie and Anne."] ['Geek Hlynur is approaching the grand old age of 30, he still lives with his mother who is divorced from his alcoholic father, downloads cyberporn and wanders around Reykjavík half-heartedly searching for a job while spending lots of time in Kaffibarinn, the central Reykjavík bar which just happens to be owned by writer/director Baltasar Kormákur and his soundtrack composer Damon Albarn, a long-standing Icelandophile. The cramped, dark and oddly furnished house in which Hlynur and his mother live features a bath which transfigures into a sofa as Hlynur steps naked out of it, in the middle of the lounge with his mother watching. Hlynur\'s isolated world — no small metaphor for his home country — is going along rather blissfully ignorant of the greater joys involved with engaging in life until his mother\'s friend Lola Milagros arrives to stay at the house for a while. Lola is a Spanish flamenco instructor with a seductive smile, a sultry voice and a carpe-diem attitude. Unknown to Hlynur, she is also in love with his mother, Berglind. An enigmatic character, Lola quickly becomes the center of the household dynamic when, after a night of heavy drinking while mom is away, she and Hlynur sleep together. The fling remains a secret between Hlynur and Lola. (Throughout the film, the song [[Lola  As Hlynur gradually learns of their lesbian relationship, he becomes jealous of it, realizing that he was simply a momentary fling for Lola, but he is also the dutiful son who wants to accept his mother\'s newfound lesbianism and be happy for her. He also has occasional oedipal / incestuous dreams about his mother. Lola wants Hlynur to get out of the house and find himself something to do because she recognizes from the start that that\'s what he needs most, but Hlynur prefers to pass the time in a true slacker fashion with plenty of excess and not an iota of effort. He sees no real future for himself, rather an entire life supported by the Icelandic welfare state. "It\'s a great system." he says. When asked what he does, Hlynur responds with, "Nothing." Pushed further with, "What kind of nothing?" he replies the only way he can: "A nothing kind of nothing." Not even death is a serious topic for Hlynur — intoxicating, out-all-night weekends inspire, "Each weekend I drop dead." He says this while lighting up a Lucky atop a snow-capped mountain, where he lies down as the snow gradually covers him up, but his plans are scuppered by rainfall melting his would-be tomb. His mixed up thoughts include musings about suicide: "The worst thing about AIDS as a method of suicide is that it takes so long to die from it." On the other hand, Hlynur\'s fantasy life is alive with passion and glimpses of his subconscious show us a deeply conflicted sense of self. Flashbacks of an alcoholic father mix with sexual fantasies of the lovely Lola but quickly reveal that mom\'s in bed, too. During a quick trip to the suburbs for a dinner with extended family, Hlynur, so comically disturbed by the mundane family ritual , imagines a bloodbath scene killing everyone at close range with a shotgun. When brought back to reality, Hlynur\'s blank slate and effortless personality come back into the fore: "I was thinking what a nice couch you have", he explains to the previously slaughtered family. Hlynur\'s confusion over the whole situation is expressed in his rather profound and imaginative musings:  There they are... my mother the lesbian, and my father the boozer. What am I then? The offspring of a lesbian and a boozer? It\'s like two birds of different species. The lesbian bird and the boozer bird. The boozer is a wetland bird. He\'s rather heavy... and needs a good run-up to get off the ground. He can fly for a long time and has good stamina. Several weeks may pass by before he gets back on the ground. In between he lies low and goes on the defensive. Especially for the first days after landing. The lesbian. Unlike the boozer... the lesbian is a relative newcomer to Icelandic nature. She is thought to have migrated from Denmark and Britain. Her only contact with the male bird is during conception. In recent years we have witnessed cases of male birds... who are unable to fly at all. The offspring of a boozer and a lesbian is the Hlynur... an unusually slow developer that can\'t fly... and remains with his mother for the first 30 years. The Hlynur is defensive by nature, but harmless.  The film progresses as Hlynur comes to terms with his mother&#39;s love for Lola and his own feelings of inadequacy with her. The announcement that Lola is pregnant pushes him to the brink, making living under the same roof next to impossible for all three, but after a lot of acting out and flippant commentary Hlynur begins to see life little differently. The infant&#39;s arrival also symbolically coincides neatly with Hlynur&#39;s homecoming to the world outside his bedroom and a newfound contentedness. The strong possibility that he is the father of Lola&#39;s child has been a secret between Lola and Hlynur, and this is more than hinted at in the closing scenes of the happy household composed of mother, son, Lola, and Lola&#39;s baby who calls him Papa.'] ["In a prologue, young Gilda Bessé , the daughter of a French aristocrat and an emotionally unstable American mother, reluctantly is told the life line on her palm doesn't extend past the age of 34 by a fortune teller. Fast forward to a rainy night in 1933, when she stumbles into the room of Guy Malyon, an Irishman who is a first-year student on scholarship at Cambridge University. She has had a lover's quarrel with one of the dons, and rather than turn her out into the storm, Guy gallantly allows her to spend the night. Later, they become lovers, but the two are separated when Gilda's mother dies and she opts to leave England. Several years later, Guy sees her as an extra in a Hollywood film, and shortly after he coincidentally receives a letter from her inviting him to visit her in Paris, where she's working as a photographer. He discovers she is living with the Spanish-born nursing student/model Mia and has a lover, whom she quickly discards when Guy moves in. The trio are enjoying their unusual living arrangement, but world events are beginning to affect their existence. It is the height of the Spanish Civil War, and idealistic Guy, a long-time supporter of the army of the Second Spanish Republic, is determined to do what he can to help them as Francisco Franco's fascists gain strength. Mia, too, is anxious to come to the aid of her native land. Gilda, however, has no interest in politics or anything else that might disrupt her life of luxury, and pleads with the two to ignore the conflict, but they feel compelled to act and depart for Spain. Guy becomes a soldier, while Mia tends to the wounded. They cross paths one night and, before sleeping with Guy, Mia confesses she was Gilda's lover. In the morning, her ambulance is destroyed by a land mine, and after laying her to rest, Guy returns to Paris, where he is ignored by Gilda, who feels his abandonment of her was a form of betrayal. Six years later, Guy is working as a spy with the underground in occupied Paris under the auspices of British intelligence. He learns Gilda has taken Nazi Major Franz Bietrich as a lover and visits her in their old apartment, where the two make love. The following morning she tells him their affair is over and the two never can see each other again. D-Day is approaching, and Guy throws himself into his work. One day he arrives at a café to meet a contact, but instead is approached by Gilda, who has overheard her German lover's plotting a trap and has come to help him escape in cleric's clothing she has concealed in the restaurant's washroom. That night, he and his associates destroy a rail station, but only Guy manages to elude the German soldiers. Guy returns to London, where he discovers Gilda joined the Resistance a few years earlier. With the occupation of Paris having come to an end, he realizes the locals, who long regarded Gilda as a Nazi sympathizer and traitor, will seek revenge. As he returns to Paris to find her, Guy is unaware Bietrich has been killed in Gilda's apartment and she has been taken captive by a mob intent on avenging the deaths of their loved ones. She is finally killed by a local youth to avenge the death of his sister. The movie ends with Guy reading the last letter written by Gilda."] ['From the official website: :What do you get when you fall in love? "Inlaws & Outlaws" cleverly weaves together the true stories of couples and singles— both gay and straight — and all into a collective narrative that is as hilarious as it is heartbreaking. :At the top of the film, you meet real people one on one. You don’t know who’s gay or straight or who’s with whom. As their stories unfold and stereotypes fall by the wayside, you won’t care because you’ll be rooting for everybody. With candor, good humor, great music and real heart, Inlaws & Outlaws gets past all the rhetoric to embrace what we have in common: We love.http://www.inlawsandoutlawsfilm.com/about/the_pitch.php'] ['During a trip to a windswept beach, Maurice Hall, an 11-year-old schoolboy, receives instructions about the "sacred mysteries" of sex from his teacher, who wants to explain to the fatherless boy the changes he would experience in puberty. Years later, in 1909, Maurice is attending Cambridge, where he strikes a friendship with two fellow students: the aristocratic Lord Risley and the rich and handsome Clive Durham. Durham falls in love with his friend and surprises Maurice by confessing his feelings. At first, Maurice does not react favorably to the revelation. Soon, however, he realizes that he reciprocates his friend\'s feelings. The two friends embark in a love affair but, at Clive\'s insistence, their relationship remains platonic. To go further, in Durham\'s opinion, would diminish them both. Clive, a member of the upper class, has a promising future ahead of him and does not want to tarnish his future. Their close relationship continues after Maurice is expelled from Cambridge, and begins a new career as a stockbroker in London. The two friends keep their feelings secret, but are frightened when Lord Risley is arrested and sentenced to six months hard labor after soliciting sex from a soldier. Clive, afraid of being exposed as a homosexual, breaks with Maurice. After his return from a trip to Greece, Clive, under pressure from his widowed mother, marries a naive rich girl named Anne, and settles into placid domesticity. Heartbroken, Maurice looks for help from the family physician, Dr Barry, who dismisses Maurice\'s doubts as "rubbish". Maurice then turns to Lasker-Jones, who tries to cure his homosexual longings with hypnosis. During his visits to Clive\'s estate of Pendersleigh, Maurice attracts the attention of Alec Scudder, the under-gamekeeper who is due to emigrate with his family to Argentina. Maurice not only fails to notice Scudder\'s interest in him, but initially treats him with contempt. This does not discourage Scudder, who spies on Maurice at night. Simcox, the butler at Pendersleigh, suspecting the true nature of Maurice and Clive\'s past relationship, gave some clues to Scudder. On a rainy night, Scudder boldly climbs a ladder and enters Maurice\'s bedroom through an open window. Scudder kisses Maurice, who is completely taken by surprise, but does not resist his advances. After their first night together, Maurice, after receiving a letter from Scudder proposing they meet at Pendersleigh\'s boathouse, believes that Scudder is blackmailing him. Maurice returns to Lasker-Jones, who warns Maurice that England is a country which "has always been disinclined to accept human nature". When Maurice fails to appear at the boathouse, Scudder travels to London to find him. Maurice and Scudder meet at the British Museum and the blackmail misunderstanding is resolved. Maurice begins to call Scudder by his first name, Alec. They go to a hotel room. However, their prospects for a long-term relationship seem dim. Alec is leaving for Argentina. Maurice decides to give Alec a sendoff. He is taken aback when he does not find Alec at the port. Maurice goes to Pendersleigh and talks to Clive, telling him about Alec. Clive, who was hoping that Maurice would marry, is bewildered after hearing what has transpired. The two friends depart and Maurice goes to the boathouse looking for Alec, who is there waiting for him. Scudder tells him that he sent a telegram to Maurice stating that he was to come to the boathouse. Alec has left his family, and his plans to emigrate, to stay with Maurice, telling him, "Now we shan\'t never be parted."'] ["The action takes place in France during the Second World War. A young Jewish girl, Sarah, is looking to escape the clutches of the Third Reich after seeing her parents and sister brutally slain by a smuggler who betrayed them while attempting to escape to England. Terrified, she is sheltered by her childhood friend Jean, a homosexual in a clandestine relationship with his lover Philippe. They are safe for the moment, thanks to Jean's plan to pass her off as a Christian employee of his laundromat. However, a bad decision made by Jean's troublesome brother Jacques causes Jean to be wrongly accused of being the lover of a German officer. Jean is then forced into a Nazi labor camp."] ['Paul  and Eddie  have just begun previews of an Off-Broadway musical titled Adam & Steve: Just the Way God Made \'Em. Their lives mimic those of the characters they are playing on stage, in that Paul is himself seeking the ideal male partner, and Eddie finds that his religious upbringing conflicts with his homosexuality. After his boyfriend dumps him for being accused of having HIV, though he does not, Paul decides he is through with relationships and wants to be promiscuous, or as he so eloquently sung, "I wanna be a slut." Eddie, meanwhile decides he must finally tell his conservative parents that he is gay. Eddie comes out to his family, who do not accept the news well. Paul turns to the Internet for dates, but can\'t even get a decent one-night stand. However, Paul continually bumps into a fan who has developed romantic feelings for him, and after a series of disastrous one night stands, he starts dating Michael at the end of the musical\'s opening night. Eddie\'s religious parents, on a different note, decide to attend the musical because of a promise they made to their son, even though they are appalled by homosexuality and the theme of the show. As the play goes on though, they begin to believe that maybe they judged their son too harshly, and come to accept the fact that he is gay. Eddie\'s parents make up with him at the end of the show\'s opening night.'] ["The film sets in on November 25 1970, the last day in Mishima's life. He is shown finishing a manuscript. Then, he puts on a uniform he designed for himself and meets with four of his most loyal followers from his private army. In flashbacks highlighting episodes from his past life, the viewer sees Mishima's progression from a sickly young boy to one of Japan's most acclaimed writers of the post-war era . His loathing for the materialism of modern Japan has him turn towards an extremist traditionalism. He sets up his own private army and proclaims the reinstating of the emperor as head of state. The biographical parts are interwoven with short dramatizations of three of Mishima's novels: In The Temple of the Golden Pavilion, a stuttering aspirant sets fire to the famous Zen Buddhist temple because he feels inferior at the sight of its beauty. Kyoko's House depicts the sadomasochistic  relationship between an elderly woman and her young lover, who is in her financial debt. In Runaway Horses, a group of young fanatic nationalists fails to overthrow the government, with its leader subsequently committing suicide. Frame story, flashbacks and dramatizations are segmented into the four chapters of the film's title, named Beauty, Art, Action, and Harmony of Pen and Sword. The film culminates in Mishima and his followers taking a General of the Japanese armed forces as hostage. He addresses the garrison's soldiers, asking them to join him in his struggle to reinstate the emperor as the nation's sovereign. Faced with his proclamation being largely ignored and ridiculed, Mishima commits seppuku."] ['In a rural village in Zimbabwe, a single woman, Nongoma, and her married neighbour, Tsitsi, fall in love. When their lesbian relationship is discovered, Nongoma flees to the city. When they are reunited by chance two years later, the women decide to move together to a village where nobody knows them.<ref nameb-k productions — Forbidden Fruit | url 2008-01-03 }} <ref nameBlizzard | first AGLIFF 2001 - International Girls / Sugar High Glitter City | publisher http://www.technodyke.com/features/090401_agliff1.asp | accessdate =2008-01-03 }}'] ['Veidt portrays a successful violinist, Paul Körner, who falls in love with one of his male students. A sleazy extortionist threatens to expose Körner as a homosexual. Flashbacks show us how Körner became aware of his orientation and tried first to change it, then to understand it. Körner and the extortionist end up in court, where the judge is sympathetic to the violinist, but when the scandal becomes public, his career is ruined and he is driven to suicide. The film opens with Paul Körner  reading the daily newspaper obituaries, which are filled with vaguely worded and seemingly inexplicable suicides. Körner, however, knows that Paragraph 175 is hidden behind them all &mdash; that it hangs over German homosexuals "like the Sword of Damocles." After this thesis statement, the main plot begins. Kurt Sivers ([[Fritz Schulz  is a fan and admirer of Körner, a violin virtuoso, and he approaches Körner in hopes of becoming a student of his. Körner agrees and they begin lessons together, during which they fall for one another. Both men experience the disapproval of their parents. Neither are out, but Sivers\'s object to the increasingly large amount of attention he focuses on the violin and his unusual infatuation with Körner, and the Körners do not understand why he has shown no interest in finding a wife and starting a family. Körner sends his parents to see his mentor, the Doctor . The Doctor appears several times in the film, each time to deliver speeches more intended for the audience than the advancement of the plot. In this, his first appearance, he tells Körner\'s parents: {{cquote}} After Körner\'s coming out, he and Sivers begin seeing each other more openly. While walking together, hand in hand, through the park, they pass a man who recognizes Körner. Later that day, when Körner is alone, this man, Franz Bollek  confronts him and demands hush money or else he will expose Sivers. Körner pays him and keeps it a secret from Sivers that he does so. Eventually, however, the blackmailer\'s demands become too great and Körner refuses to pay.  Bollek decides instead to break into Körner\'s house while he and Sivers are performing, but he is discovered by Sivers and Körner on their return and a fight breaks out. In the course of the fight, Bollek reveals to Sivers that he has been blackmailing him. Sivers runs away and faces hardships trying to survive alone. Körner is left dejected and, over a photo of Sivers, remembers his past. His first memory is of boarding school, when he and his boyfriend Max are discovered kissing by their teacher and he\'s expelled. Next, he remembers University and his solitary and lonely life there, and the growing impossibility of trying to play straight. He remembers trying an ex-gay hypnotherapist, but finding him only to be a charlatan. Then he first met the Doctor, whose reaction was much different from those he had previously met. Among other things, he told him: {{cquote}} Remembering on, he recalled first meeting Bollek at a gay dance hall, and Bollek leading him on before ultimately turning on him and using his homosexuality to blackmail him. Back in the present, Körner takes Else Sivers , Kurt Sivers\' sister, to the Doctor\'s lecture on alternative sexuality. The Doctor speaks on topics such as homosexuality, lesbianism, gender identity, intersexuality, the perils of stereotypes, and the idea that sexuality is physically determined, rather than a mental condition. Körner reports Bollek for blackmail and has him arrested. In retaliation, Bollek exposes Körner. The Doctor gives testimony on Körner\'s behalf, but both are found guilty of their respective crimes. Bollek is sentenced to three years for extortion. The judge is sympathetic to Körner, and gives him the minimum sentence allowable: one week. Allowed to go home before his starting his term, Körner finds himself shunned by friends and strangers alike, and no longer employable. Even his family tells him there is only one honorable way out. He attempts to dance wearing only Max\'s old lederhosen but slips over. He then takes a handful of pills and kills himself. Sivers rushes to his side as he lies dead. Körner\'s parents blame Sivers for what has happened, but Else harshly rebukes them. Meanwhile, Sivers attempts to kill himself as well, but the Doctor prevents him and delivers his final speech: {{cquote}} The movie closes with an open German law book, turned to Paragraph 175, as a hand holding a brush crosses it out.'] ['On a late afternoon, two brilliant young aesthetes, Brandon Shaw  and Phillip Morgan , murder a former classmate, David Kentley , by strangulation in their apartment. They commit the crime as an intellectual exercise: they want to prove their superiority by committing the "perfect murder". After hiding the body in a large antique wooden chest, Brandon and Phillip host a dinner party at the apartment which has a panoramic view of Manhattan\'s skyline. The guests, unaware of what has happened, include the victim\'s father Mr. Kentley  and aunt Mrs. Atwater ; his mother is not able to attend. Also there is his fiancee, Janet Walker  and her former lover Kenneth Lawrence , who was once David\'s close friend.  In a subtle move, Brandon uses the chest containing the body as a buffet for the food, just before their maid, Mrs. Wilson  arrives to help with the party. "Now the fun begins", Brandon says when the first guests arrive. Brandon\'s and Phillip\'s idea for the murder was inspired years earlier by conversations with their erstwhile prep-school housemaster, publisher Rupert Cadell . While at school, Rupert had discussed with them, in an apparently approving way, the intellectual concepts of Nietzsche\'s Übermensch and the art of murder, a means of showing one\'s superiority over others. He too is among the guests at the party, since Brandon in particular feels that he would very likely approve of their "work of art". Brandon\'s subtle hints about David\'s absence lead to a discussion on the art of murder. He appears calm and in control, although when he first speaks to Rupert, he is nervously excited, stammering. Phillip, on the other hand, is visibly upset and morose. He does not conceal it well and starts to drink too much. When David\'s aunt, Mrs. Atwater, who fancies herself as a fortune-teller, tells him that his hands will bring him great fame, she is referring to his skill at the piano, but he appears to think that the "fame" will in fact be the notoriety gained from being caught. Much of the conversation, however, focuses on David and his strange absence, which worries the guests. A suspicious Rupert quizzes a fidgety Phillip about this and about some of the inconsistencies that have been raised in conversation. For example, Phillip had vehemently denied ever strangling a chicken at the Shaws’ farm, but Rupert has personally seen Phillip strangle several. Phillip later complains to Brandon about having had a "rotten evening", not because of David\'s murder, but over Rupert\'s questioning. Emotions run high. David\'s father and fiancée are disturbed, wondering why he has neither arrived nor phoned. Brandon even goes so far as to increase the tension by playing matchmaker between Janet and Kenneth. Mr. Kentley decides to leave when his wife calls, overwrought because she has not heard a word from David herself. He takes with him some books Brandon has given him, tied together with the very rope Brandon and Phillip used to strangle his son, Brandon\'s icing on the cake. While leaving, Rupert is handed the wrong hat, with a monogram "D.K."  inside it. Rupert returns to the apartment a short while after everyone else has departed, pretending that he has absentmindedly left his cigarette case behind. He \'plants\' the case, asks for a drink and then stays to theorize about the disappearance of David, encouraged by Brandon, who seems eager to have Rupert discover the crime. A tipsy Phillip is unable to take it any more, throwing a glass and saying: "Cat and mouse, cat and mouse. But which is the cat and which is the mouse?" Rupert lifts the lid of the chest and finds the body inside; his two former students have indeed killed David. He is horrified, but also deeply ashamed, realizing that they used his own rhetoric to rationalize murder. Rupert seizes Brandon\'s gun and fires several shots into the night in order to attract attention. The films segues to the end titles with the sound of approaching police sirens.'] ["The plot is basically the same as that of the stage production, with one significant difference. In the original, Ed Earl and Miss Mona had a one-night stand fifteen years earlier, but in the film they maintain an ongoing affair. The relationship in the film brings about not only the accusatory scene, when the sheriff&mdash;disappointed that Mona has broken her promise to close the Chicken Ranch down long enough for things to cool off&mdash;calls her a whore, but also the happy ending, when he proposes marriage to Mona, even though that might endanger his chances to be elected as a state legislator.  The house used in the film is located at Universal Studios in Hollywood and can be viewed as part of the backlot tram tour.  The inspiration for the set came from a real ranchhouse located outside Austin, Texas, which is featured in scenes from the movie.{{cite web}} The role of Melvin P. Thorpe  is based on Marvin Zindler, an eccentric consumer reporter for Houston's KTRK-TV."] ['Hannah plays Harry, a very shy young gay man who has a birthmark in the shape of Madagascar across much of the left-hand side of his face. On fleeing the city and the shallow gay scene, Harry ends up at a rugged stretch of coastline where he meets Flint, played by Bernard Hill. Flint is very heterosexual and the two are wary of each other to begin with. The film focuses on how their relationship is transformed from distrust, through respect, and ultimately to attraction.'] ["Set in the seedy parts of New York City, Killer Condom follows gay Detective Luigi Mackeroni , who has been hired to investigate a series of bizarre attacks at the Hotel Quickie in which male guests have all had their penises mysteriously bitten off. While at the crime scene, he enlists the services of a gigolo named Billy and invites him up to the crime room. Before the two men engage in sex, a carnivorous living condom interrupts them and bites off Mackeroni's right testicle. Now on a personal vendetta, Mackeroni begins his lone quest to not only bring a stop to the rash of condom attacks, but also face his true feelings toward Billy the gigolo."] ["Anne Lister  is a young unmarried woman living in 19th century Yorkshire, at Shibden Hall, with her aunt  and uncle . The one thing she wants from life is to have someone to love and to share her life with. The person she has in mind is Mariana Belcombe , with whom she has been conducting a secret romantic and sexual relationship. The relationship breaks apart when Mariana marries a rich widower named Charles Lawton . Depressed, Anne devotes her time to studying. A year after Mariana's wedding, Anne begins to think about finding another lover. She meets a young woman in church named Miss Browne , and they become close friends. Mariana asks Anne to meet her in a hotel in Manchester. There, the two women talk and Mariana tells Anne that she has missed her, and that one day, when her husband has died, they might live together as widow and companion. She says that her husband is not healthy, and will not have long to live. Anne agrees and they buy wedding rings, to wear around their necks until they can live together. Returning to Shibden, Anne ignores the attention of Miss Browne. A local industrialist named Christopher Rawson  proposes marriage to Anne. She turns him down and says that she could only marry for love. He tells her that people talk about her and call her 'Gentleman Jack.' Later, Anne tells her aunt and uncle that she does not want a husband, that she wants to be independent and intends one day to live with a female companion. Mariana visits her on her birthday and they continue their sexual relationship. Anne attends a party with her acquaintances, including Rawson and the Lawtons. Mariana sees Anne wearing her wedding ring clearly on show and is unhappy with Anne drawing attention to herself. Anne complains that Charles Lawton is not as unhealthy as Mariana had led her to believe. Rawson sees the two women talking together and has a conversation of his own with Lawton. When Mariana returns to her husband's side, he looks dazed and asks her how Anne loves her. After the party, Mariana writes to Anne and tells her that her husband is suspicious. She tells Anne not to write to her anymore. Anne's uncle dies and she inherits his wealth. She writes to Mariana, asking her to come to live with her at once. Mariana replies that she will be travelling nearby in a month's time and that they will discuss what to do then. When the time comes, Anne meets Mariana's coach coming along the road and excitedly gets in. Mariana is angry at her drawing attention to herself. She tells Anne that she would rather die than have people know about their relationship. She says that they could be happy together, but would have to live apart. Anne tells her that she wants to spend her life with someone, and leaves. When Rawson offers to buy some land from Anne to sink a mine, she declines and says that she will mine it herself. She forms a business alliance with Ann Walker , an unmarried acquaintance who has recently inherited her own fortune. They become close friends. Soon the two women are intimidated and harassed by Rawson, now their business rival. For protection, Ann Walker goes to stay at Shibden with Anne. Her aunt  comes to tell her niece that people are spreading shocking rumours about the two women. She asks Ann to return home before she ruins her family's name and warns her that she may ruin her chance of finding a husband. Ann tells her that she does not want a husband. When her aunt leaves, she tells Anne that she wants to live at Shibden with her. Anne asks her if she understands what the rumours and insinuations are about. Ann says that she does and makes it clear that she wants them to be together romantically. Mariana visits Anne and says that she could leave Charles now. She asks if there is still a place for her in Anne's heart, but Anne says that she has found someone she is happy with now, and Mariana leaves. Her husband lives to the age of 89."] ["The plot features a series of interlocking stories. Each vignette is introduced with a character that had sex with someone in the previous segment. The movie opens with a seventeen-year-old prostitute, Lolita  who hangs around outside movie premiere with another teen prostitute in the hopes of getting a picture of her idol, movie star Peter Blaine . After her friend is forcibly dragged off by a jealous boyfriend, Lolita wanders around by herself in the streets of Los Angeles. Then she ends up performing a sexual favor for a man who ends up knocking her unconscious. The man, a young African American named Angel, is engaged in questionable criminal activities. He later ends up trying to flee Los Angeles after he makes a major mistake during a drug deal. He takes Julie, a young waitress , with him. After they have sex in a stolen car while driving through a car wash, Julie rethinks her plans to escape with Angel. After she notices that a car filled with men has been shadowing them, she runs out of the car. Angel is killed by the men. Sometime later, Julie is working in an upscale restaurant as a waitress. She waits on Richard  who ends up sexually assaulting her in the men's room. In the next vignette, Richard has a tryst with Kathy , his boss's wife. Kathy has a non-exclusive relationship with her husband, Bobby , who has a girlfriend on the side. Bobby is sexually propositioned by Patrick , a sexually aggressive and drug addicted gay man, who is the closeted Blaine's boyfriend. The last vignette features a grief-stricken Blaine seeking sexual favors and companionship from Lolita, who is still sporting a bruise from her encounter with Angel."] ['Seventeen-year-old Tom Robinson Lee, a new senior at a boy\'s prep school, finds himself at odds with the machismo culture of his class in which the other boys love sports, roughhouse, fantasize about girls, and worship their coach, Bill Reynolds. Tom prefers classical music, reads Candide, goes to the theater, and generally seems to be more at ease in the company of women. The other boys torment Tom for his "unmanly" qualities and call him "sister boy," and he is treated unfeelingly by his father, Herb Lee, who believes a man should be manly and that his son should fit in with the other boys. Only Al, his roommate, treats Tom with any decency, perceiving that being different is not the same as being unmasculine. This growing tension is observed by Laura Reynolds, wife of the coach. The Reynolds are also Tom\'s and Al\'s house master and mistress. She tries to build a connection with the young man, often inviting him alone to tea, and eventually falls in love with him, in part because of his many similarities to her first husband John, who was killed in World War II. The situation escalates when Tom is goaded into visiting the local prostitute to dispel suspicions about his sexuality, but things go badly. His failure to lose his virginity causes him to attempt suicide in the woman\'s kitchen. His father arrives from the city to meet with the dean about Tom\'s impending expulsion, having been alerted to Tom\'s raffish intentions by a classmate. Assuming his son\'s success, he gets one of the film\'s biggest send-ups as he boasts of his son\'s sexual triumph and time-honored leap into manhood until the Reynolds inform him otherwise. Laura goes in search of Tom and finds him where he often goes to ruminate, near the golf course\'s sixth tee. She tries to comfort him, counseling that he\'ll have a wife and family some day, but he\'s inconsolable. She starts to leave, then returns, takes his hand, and utters the film\'s famous line, "Years from now when you talk about this, and you will, be kind." The film opens and closes ten years into the future, when the adult Tom, who is now a successful writer and married, returns to his prep school. The final scene, new to the Hollywood version, shows Tom visiting his old coach and house master to ask after Laura. Bill tells him that, last he\'s heard, she\'s out west somewhere but he has a note from her to him, which she enclosed in her last letter to her ex-husband. Tom opens it outside and learns she wrote it after reading his published novel derived from his time at the school and their relationship. After their moment of passion, she tells him, she had no choice but to leave her husband.'] ['Major Alexandra Everett, a decorated Marine officer  unexpectedly returns home from the Iraq war and is quickly recruited to help Saffron , a troubled teen, prepare for boot camp,.'] ["Brothers, Thomas  and Luc  have an estranged relationship. One day, Thomas comes to Luc's apartment explaining that he is ill and asks if Luc will accompany him to the hospital. Thomas has an undetermined platelet disorder which is treated with cortisone and splenectomy -- neither help. Luc, who happens to be gay, and is in a relationship with Vincent , is viewed by their father as the stronger of the two and wishes it was Luc that were ill, as he could beat the illness. Thomas's girlfriend, Claire , leaves Thomas when she realizes he only wants his brother Luc around. Luc's relationship with Vincent is also strained as Luc takes Thomas to the family home in Breton. The film jumps forward in time to allow about 18 months to be covered during the course of the film. By the end of the film, the brothers reconcile their relationship."] ['Frankie  is a young Italian American man living with his family in The Bronx, New York. He works in a pizza parlor but, inspired by the likes of Al Pacino and Robert De Niro, he wants to be an actor. After catching his fiancee  cheating on him with his brother, Frankie decides the time has come to move out and pursue his dream. He starts by checking the classifieds for roommate ads. He finds an ad from a "GWM." In classified-speak this stands for "gay white male" but Frankie and his friend Joey  interpret it as "guy with money." The GWM in question is Warren , an actor who\'s recently broken up with his director boyfriend. Frankie and Warren each have some initial misgivings - Frankie over Warren\'s being gay, Warren over Frankie\'s being a "Guido" or stereotypical Italian - but Warren lets Frankie move in. Warren\'s ex, Dakota , returns and offers Warren a part in his new play. Warren initially accepts but after being injured in an attempted gay bashing, has to withdraw. Frankie replaces him, but the part involves a same-sex kiss, which makes him nervous. At the premiere Frankie gives a good performance  for an audience that includes his family, who come to understand and accept his decision to become an actor.'] ["Retired American professor  lives a solitary life in a luxurious palazzo in Rome. He is confronted by a vulgar Italian marchesa  and her companions: her lover , her daughter  and her daughter's boyfriend  and is forced to rent to them an apartment on an upper floor of his home. From this point on, his quiet routine is turned into chaos by his tenants' machinations, and everybody's life takes an unexpected but inevitable turn."] ["Frances Mayes  is a San Francisco writer whose seemingly perfect life takes an unexpected turn when she learns that her husband has been cheating on her. The divorce leaves her depressed and unable to write. Her best friend Patti , a lesbian who is expecting a child, is beginning to think Frances might never recover. She urges Frances to take an Italian vacation to Tuscany using the ticket she purchased before she became pregnant. At first Frances refuses, but after another depressing day in her gloomy apartment, she decides that it's a good idea to get away for awhile. In Tuscany, her tour group stops in the small town of Cortona. After wandering through the charming streets, she notices a posting for a villa for sale in Cortona. She rejoins her tour group on the bus, and just outside of town, the bus stops to allow a herd of sheep to cross the road. While they wait, Frances realizes that they've stopped directly in front of the very villa that she had seen for sale—something she believes is a sign. She asks the driver to stop and she gets off the bus. Through a series of serendipitous events, she becomes the owner of a lovely yet dilapidated villa in beautiful Tuscany. Frances begins her new life with the help of a variety of interesting characters and unusual but gentle souls. She hires a crew of Polish immigrants to renovate the house. Over time, Frances also befriends her Italian neighbors and develops relationships with her Polish workers, the realtor who sold her the villa, and Katherine , an eccentric, aging, British actress who evokes the mystery and beauty of an Italian film star.There are several visual references to Federico Fellini films, especially La Dolce Vita. When Catherine caresses the duck at the open market, it recalls the scene where Anita Ekberg strokes a white kitten prior to dancing in the Fontana di Trevi. Later, she is visited by the now very pregnant Patti, whose partner Grace has left her. Frances meets and has a brief romantic affair with Marcello , but their relationship does not last. She is about to give up on happiness when one of her Polish workers, a teenager named Pawel , and a neighbor's young daughter come to her for help. Her father does not approve of him, yet they are very much in love and want to get married. Frances persuades the girl's family to support their love, and the young lovers are soon married at the villa. During the wedding celebration, Frances meets an American writer who is traveling in Tuscany, and their attraction for each other points to a romantic future."] ['Timothy  is an openly gay student at a private boy\'s school. Although now in his senior year, he is still persecuted by the aggressive rugby team, on whose captain, Jonathon , he has a crush. Timothy lives with his mother, Donna , who is struggling with her son\'s sexuality and with getting a job, and his father who is not a part of his life. Timothy is cast as Puck in the senior production of A Midsummer Night\'s Dream. While reviewing his lines, he discovers the recipe for creating the flower love-in-idleness. Timothy uses the flower to have the homophobic town take a "walk in his shoes". The entire town is thrown into chaos as previously heterosexual community members fall in love with their same-sex friends, bosses, and co-workers: whomever they first saw after being sprayed by the flower. The school drama teacher, Ms. Tebbit , guides Timothy towards the question of whether his actions have caused more harm than good.'] ['Walter Koontz  is a highly decorated "local hero" officer of the New York police department who lives in a downtown apartment complex. Despite his locale and rampant run of drag queens in his building he tends to keep to himself and still live a life lavished in lovely women, dancing and dining. One night, he hears gunshots upstairs, and while ascending to help suffers a stroke. He awakens with the right side of his body paralyzed resulting in poor speech and posture, giving him an unrecoverable limp requiring him to use a cane to get around. He suffers a massive blow to his ego, and Walter becomes ashamed to be seen in public in such a fashion. Rusty  is one of Walter\'s drag queen neighbors and the two are at-odds constantly due to their differing lifestyles. Rusty has a desire to undergo a transsexual operation, but lacks the money to do so. When Walter comes to Rusty to use his musical talents for voice lessons to overcome his impediment, the pair while at first argumentative and uncomfortable with the other begin to become friends. Walter begins to gain confidence and make strides to return to a normal life. However their friendship is marred when Rusty shows Walter a stash of money, hidden in the body of his dress making mannequin, which is enough to pay for his operation. When Walter inquires how Rusty got the money, Rusty says he stole it from a drug pusher, who was also responsible for the attack the night Walter had his stroke. Outraged by this, Walter and Rusty part ways angrily. One night, after returning from a drag beauty contest called "Flawless" Rusty is accosted by the criminals who had crept into his apartment to find the stolen money. Walter hears the commotion and runs up to save Rusty\'s life. Rusty locks himself in the bedroom, and when Walter comes in on them, the criminals turn their attention on him, prompting Rusty to return the favor. In the fight, Walter is shot by the criminals, but the pair are able to subdue them. While boarding an ambulance with Walter, Rusty gives the paramedics the stolen cash to ensure that Walter is okay. The pair again rekindle their friendship, setting their personal differences aside.'] ['The film is structured around a roadtrip,{{Cite news}} during which the creators introduce five young Americans confronting issues relating to bisexuality.{{Cite news}} Former cheerleader Pam, from Memphis, Tennessee, navigates between the tolerance and sexual openness of her friendship group and the conservatism of her southern Catholic family. Black hip-hop dancer Tahj, enjoying little success with girls, forms a relationship with a man he meets on MySpace and must weigh the rejection of his community against his newfound love.{{Cite news}} 28-year-old Taryn is contemplating marriage to her boyfriend but also embarks on a new romance with a woman, testing the limits of monogamy and the boundaries of gender roles. David, 24, defies the expectations of his parents and ex-girlfriends to assert his bisexuality, while seeking to reconcile his traditional values with his open-minded views. And in San Antonio, Texas, Josh, 11, fears his gay father will reject him if he pursues his growing interest in girls. The film interlaces these stories with commentary from evolutionary biologists, psychologists, and anthropologists to discuss themes of sexual ambiguity.'] ["The film starts out with a thief stealing jewelry from a millionaire Chin Pai Wen . The family believes it was done by the infamous Flower Kid, who steals from the rich and gives it to the poor. They then hire Sheriff Butcher Wing  to find him. However, Chin's wife  suggests Skinny Gee , a con man who catches crooks, instead. So Butcher Wing tries to get Skinny Gee by framing him for harassing his sister and offers him a deal if he finds the Flower Kid. Gee manages to Flower Kid. Gee then tells Wing a plan to arrest Flower Kid by setting him up. They fail and Wing arrests Gee for fooling him. Flower Kid then arrives, disguised as a woman, to rescue Gee out of jail. It was a set up by Flower Kid and Gee. Later it is revealed that he is not the real Flower Kid. He is a man named Fatso  who idolizes Flower Kid and pretends to be him. Fatso and Gee later finds the real Flower Kid , who is now old and retired. Then it was also revealed who the thief was at the beginning of the film, a lover of Lady Chin. Later, Lady Chin hires an assassin Chung Fat Pak  to kill Flower Kid. The assassin also kills Lady Chin's lover. Fatso and Gee tries to get a bodyguard for Flower Kid. The bodyguard is a knife throwing expert. He engages in a Mexican-standoff against Never Miss  a gun expert. Never Miss kills the bodyguard. Then Fatso and Gee start training Flower Kid to get his confidence and energy back. During this time, Chung kills Chin Pai Wen. Later, Fatso and Gee also hired a family to act as victim of Chung to get Flower Kid's confidence to battle Chung. The trio then proceeds to find Chung where they engage in a big fight at Chin's funeral. First, Fatso and Gee battles Chung's two henchmen and Flower Kid fights Chung. This is the first 5 minutes of the film... Then, Fatso and Gee kill the henchmen and then Fatso fights Chung eventually killing him in the end. Then, Flower Kid leaves town. In the end, Gee is arrested again, Fatso is arrested too, but he was rewarded out to be sheriff and instead Wing takes his spot in jail."] ['Charlotte von Mahlsdorf, a male to female transsexual, recounts incidents from her eventful life. Now elderly, she runs the Gründerzeit Museum, fulfilling her dream of living as a woman from the turn of 20th century. Scenes of her life are dramatized. Two actors play the young and middle aged Charlotte and she plays herself in the later years. Life was difficult for Charlotte growing up as Lothar Berfelde, in Nazi Germany during World War II. An effeminate boy, he enjoyed cleaning and dusting at the home of her benevolent great uncle. His early desire to live as woman finally found an outlet when he was sent on vacation to Eastern Prussia in the household of her aunt Luise, herself a member of the third sex. A female to male transsexual, aunt Luise surprises her nephew trying out female outfits. She allows the youth to dress at home as a girl and gives him to read the book The Transvestite by Dr Magnus Hirshfeld. She also respects the boy’s privacy when she finds her nephew having sex in the barn with a farm boy. Back in Berlin, after the death of his great uncle, the young Lothar, found himself at the complete mercy of his brutal father. Trying to save his mother and himself from his father punishments and threats, Lothar bludgeons his father to death, a crime for which he is psychiatrically evaluated and imprisoned. The defeat of Germany during the war and the allied invasion sets the boy free. Wandering through the street of Berlin, he barely escapes to be killed as a deserted by German soldiers. By 1946 Lothar has come to identify herself as a feminine being in a masculine body. She lives now full time as a woman under the name Charlotte von Mahlsdorf, being Charlotte or "Lottchen" similar to Lothar and Mahlsdorf for the section of Berlin were she lives. She moves into the destroyed Friedrishfelde castle and spends years and a lot of hard work trying to restore it. But eventually she is expelled by the East German authorities. Working as a domestic in the household of Herbert von Zitzenau, an elderly equestrian officer, she is seduced by her employer and they start a sexual relationship. She explains that she preferred older lovers feeling protected by them the way women do. That affair lasted several years until Zitzenau’s health declined and death. Even though life for gays is difficult under the communist regime of East Germany, they find their way around. Cruising a public restroom, Charlotte meets Joechen, a lover with whom she could be a real woman. Their relation with Sadomasochism role playing last for twenty seven year until Joeche’s death For more than thirty years Charlotte manages to live her life as a woman in East Germany. She preserves the entire contents of East Berlin\'s first  gay bar, after the DDR government closed the bar, and moved to demolish the building. Its contents were transferred to the Gründerzeit Museum in Mahlsdorf run by Charlotte and a lesbian couple. In 1989 the elderly Charlotte, very much active, takes a role in the first East German gay film: Heiner Carow\'s Coming Out. Its premiere coincides with the fall of Berlin Wall. But even in a unified Germany Charlotte has to face many problems. The German government takes the Gründerzeit Museum and its contents from Charlotte hands and she and her gay friends are attacked by neo-Nazis during the first joint East- west gay and lesbian gathering. In 1992 her labor is recognized when she receives the Cross of the Order of Merit from the government for furthering the cause of sexual freedom.'] ['Desert Hearts is set in 1959. Vivian Bell , an English professor at Columbia University, travels to Nevada to establish six-week residency to obtain a divorce. She stays at a guest house for women waiting for their divorces to be finalized, owned by Frances Parker . Vivian meets Cay Rivvers , a free-spirited sculptor to whom Frances is a surrogate mother. Cay works at a casino as a change operator in Reno, and is ending a relationship with Darrell, her boss, because as she put it, she "allowed self to be attracted to his attraction" for her. When Vivian arrives, Cay notices her, and tightly controlled and elegant Vivian in turn is taken aback by Cay\'s boldness and lack of concern of what others think of her. Cay reveals that she has had relationships with women in the past. Frances notices that Vivian is becoming a bigger part of Cay\'s life and resents her for it, afraid that Cay will leave her and she will be alone. When everyone attends an engagement party for Cay\'s best friend Silver, Cay drives a drunken Vivian to Lake Tahoe afterwards and kisses her. Vivian returns it passionately and is so surprised by her response that she begs Cay to take her home. When they return at the ranch in the early morning, Frances has had Vivian\'s bags packed and a taxi waiting for her, furious  that she has seduced Cay. Cay leaves the ranch immediately and Vivian endures the rest of her stay in a hotel casino. After some days apart, both Cay and Vivian are clearly confused and hurt. Cay goes to visit Vivian at her hotel and overcomes Vivian\'s resistance to making love to another woman and they begin an affair. With Vivian\'s impending finalization of her divorce, they must sort out the future of their relationship, Vivian afraid of what people will think of her, and Cay unsure of what she would ever do in New York City. Frances and Cay are brought together, and Cay admits to Frances that Vivian has "reached in and put a string of lights around her heart". As Vivian is at the train station to take her back, she convinces Cay to discuss coming with her just until the next station.'] ['The plot begins in a convenience store where two FBI agents and brothers, Kevin and Marcus Copeland , posing as Afro-Cuban clerks, try to capture members of an organization that sells drugs inside ice cream boxes. Unfortunately, the first arrival turns out to be a genuine ice cream delivery, and the actual drug dealers manage to get away. The situation is worsened by the fact that Kevin and Marcus have decided to resolve this bust by themselves. The FBI supervisor, Elliott Gordon , gives the two agents a last chance to remain in the FBI by giving them the duty of protecting the mega-rich billionaire cruise line heiresses and socialites Brittany and Tiffany Wilson , who are arriving in town for the last social event of the summer in the Hamptons, from a kidnapping plot . When the Wilson sisters get minor facial cuts in a car accident, they refuse to leave the hotel. Kevin and Marcus then disguise themselves as the Wilson sisters in order to save their jobs. At the Hamptons hotel, Kevin and Marcus meet Brittany and Tiffany\'s three best friends: soap heiress Karen ; diminutive Tori ; and insecure Lisa , and their rivals, the catty Vandergeld sisters Megan  and Heather . In addition, basketball player Latrell Spencer  takes an interest in Marcus/Tiffany, thinking that he is Tiffany, while Kevin shows interest in reporter Denise Porter . During a charity date auction being hosted by the Vandergelds, a date with Marcus/Tiffany is sold to Latrell for $50,000. The next day, Brittany, Tiffany, Karen, Tori and Lisa go to the beach where Latrell appears at the beach to flirt with Marcus/Tiffany, and Kevin/Brittany takes advantage of the situation and goes to Latrell\'s beach room to change into Latrell\'s clothes and pretends to be Latrell  and asks Denise out because Denise has a history of dating rich men. When Marcus/Tiffany goes on his charity auction date with Latrell, Kevin steals the keys to Latrell\'s car and house and takes Denise to Latrell\'s house where he ends up getting mauled by Latrell\'s dog. Marcus/Tiffany and Latrell end up at a club and meet up with the rest of the girls and Kevin/Brittany who end up in a dance off with the Vandergeld sisters. Marcus/Tiffany and Kevin/Brittany win the dance off by break-dancing. However, Karen, who has been seeing Heather\'s boyfriend Heath, an unemployed, poor actor, behind her back but is constantly mistreated by him, drinks heavily and runs to the bathroom with Marcus/Tiffany and Kevin/Brittany to throw up and lets it slip that Mr. Vandergeld is broke and has had to borrow money from Karen\'s own father. The next day, the real Brittany and Tiffany see their faces on Page Six of the New York Post and think they have been cloned. They go to the Hamptons where their "clones" were seen, and two FBI agents, Agents Harper and Gomez, believing that they are Kevin and Marcus, strip them. This leads to the chief finding out that Marcus and Kevin have been impersonating Brittany and Tiffany and fires them. Later on, Kevin and Marcus figure out that Mr. Vandergeld, along with Heath, has been behind The Socialite kidnappings. Kevin and Marcus decide that even though they are fired, they are going to the fashion show. Marcus/Tiffany and Kevin/Brittany arrive at the fashion show and are informed that they will be walking the catwalk. Also, the real Tiffany and Brittany arrive and hear the same news. Right before taking the runway, Heath tells Karen that he admired her at the dance club and tells her that Heather is leaving that night and Karen should come over for a booty call. Karen tells him that she is better than a booty call and is not his doormat. Heath then says that she should not think herself that special. Marcus/Tiffany than hits Heath in the face, where Heath tells Marcus/Tiffany that she will regret that. During the fashion show, chaos ensues when Marcus/Tiffany and Kevin/Brittany have been tricked by Megan and Heather to wear Björk-like swan dresses on the runway fashion show. Heather and Megan fall from the rafters and the red paint they were going to use to spill on Tiffany and Brittany falls on them instead. Then the real Brittany and Tiffany come out on the runway. Mr. Vandergeld instructs Heath to turn off the lights and kidnap the Wilson sisters, so Heath comes to the stage under a large Chinese dragon costume and kidnaps Marcus/Tiffany and Brittany. Kevin/Brittany sees Marcus/Tiffany\'s shoes under the dragon, runs after it and tackles the entire costume, which releases the captives. Heath is with Marcus/Tiffany and tells him that he said he would get her back and hits on her. Marcus/Tiffany responds back and knocks him out cold. Meanwhile, Mr. Vandergeld takes the real Tiffany and Brittany and tries to run off with them. He is caught up to and confronted whereupon he admits he is bankrupt and has been funneling money from the charity because he is "MC Hammer broke". Denise and her cameraman have been filming the entire time and Mr. Vandergeld shoots at her, but Kevin/Brittany jumps in between and pushes Denise to the ground and out of the way. Mr. Vandergeld then shoots at Marcus/Tiffany, but Latrell jumps in front of the bullet and takes the hit, and is shocked and enraged to discover that Marcus/Tiffany, after unmasking himself, is black . Kevin/Brittany also unmasks himself after Marcus\' wife, Gina, attacks him because she believed that Kevin/Brittany was having an affair with Marcus. The chief then appears to tell Marcus, Kevin and Agents Gomez and Harper that they all disobeyed him, but they did the right thing and the chief expects them all back at the office the next morning. Marcus apologizes to Gina after realizing that being a female is a hard task and because he had been ignoring Gina for his job. Kevin asks Denise out and she replies that she would of course date the man willing to take a bullet for her. The movie ends with Tori, Lisa, Karen, Kevin and Marcus making a pact to stay together and go shopping.'] ["After watching a documentary about the suffering of women forced into prostitution during the Japanese occupation of the Philippines, Markova decides to tell his own painful story to reporter Loren Legarda. Escaping the torment of growing up with an abusive older brother, he and his friends found further suffering at the hands of Japanese soldiers, forced into sex work to survive. But even after the war, Markova's struggle continued."] ["The film deals with a young farmer's son named Billy, who does not appreciate his terrestrial life, and instead wishes to explore outer space. As the story develops, Billy struggles with his homosexuality and his changing relationships with those around him.Black Magic - New Zealand Film News » 50 Ways of Saying Fabulous"] ['Among the characters are a mature couple about to renew their vows ; a woman  who accepts a date offer from a stranger ; a gay man dying of AIDS  and his mother  who has struggled to accept him; two clubbers who meet in a nightclub ; a couple having an affair  and a man  who tells his tragic life story to a woman he meets in a bar , but seems to have a strange connection to another mysterious woman. As the film continues and the stories evolve, the connections between the characters become evident. Kellie Waymire, Nastassja Kinski, Alec Mapa, Amanda Peet and Michael Emerson also have roles in the film.'] ['When police detective Philip Kirsch  and college business student Oliver Beck , closeted gay men, are brought together, they end up outed at the same time. Detective Kirsch is working undercover to bust a drug ring that operates out of "The Blue Boy," a back street, gay bar and brothel, at which Oliver works as the head hustler—his calling card being his wearing red trousers. Oliver succeeds in hustling Philip, who subsequently falls in love with him. Philip uses his resources as a policeman to find out more about Oliver and his past, which he discovers to be dark and tragic. Philip runs into Oliver at his day job in a music store, and Oliver is grateful to him for his discretion in not letting on that he knows him. This friendliness quickly disappears when Oliver catches Philip following him. When he finds out that Philip is a police detective, that makes him even more undesirable to him. All this drastically changes when Oliver needs help later on. Although Oliver has the redeeming quality of caring for dependent people like his sister Lisa , who is suffering from drug addiction, and befriending a mentally challenged adolescent, Mickey , he cannot get over the guilt and self-loathing brought on by his causing the death of his close boyhood friend, Christopher Wingate , in a car crash brought on by his own drunken driving. He especially hates himself for avoiding drunk driving charges by moving his friend\'s dead body into the driver\'s seat of the wrecked car. He expresses his sorrow each night he begins work at The Blue Boy by going to the jukebox, selecting the song "Breathe" , and dancing to it with tears in his eyes. It is when he is doing this that Philip Kirsch sees him the first night of his stakeout. It is Oliver\'s self-hatred and his fear of trusting anyone with his secrets that move him to control his sexual and emotional life by hustling. He is as successful at it as Philip is successful at being a police detective. Unfortunately, this causes them both to be surrounded by jealous rivals. Philip\'s associate detectives Grupe and Meyer are such rivals. Meyer is secretly involved in "The Blue Boy" drug ring from which Oliver gets heroin for his sister, and Oliver\'s knowledge of the drug ring, coupled with his growing connection to the investigating Kirsch, is a motive for Meyer to get rid of him by framing him with the murder of Mac, one of Oliver\'s best customers. Meyer poses as a mugger, who stabs Mac to death while he is getting money at an ATM. Oliver is with Mac at the time: he is driving Mac\'s car because Mac is intoxicated. Oliver, then, becomes a witness to the murder, noticing the curious luminous watch on the muffled mugger\'s wrist. In fear he drives away in Mac\'s car, but he realizes that he is in serious trouble. When Philip finds Oliver to talk with him, he warns him to go to the police so that he could be a witness rather than a suspect. Oliver is arrested for Mac\'s murder, but Meyer\'s plan is thwarted by Philip Kirsch, who provides an alibi for Oliver after he determines his innocence. Philip stands by Oliver when he is deserted by his friends and associates. Oliver is spurned by his girlfriend and boss Chloe , who is furious at him for being a gay hustler. He is barred and betrayed at the bar and is delivered to the police; and, even though he is released on the alibi Philip provided for him, he is evicted from his apartment with a week\'s notice by his landlady. Oliver has no one to turn to but Philip, who invites him to stay at his apartment. This support for Oliver is socially and economically costly for Philip: he is outted at work and suspended by his boss, police Lieutenant Krane . When Oliver moves in with Philip they only begin sleeping together when Oliver looks upon their intimacy as love freely given rather than as purchased sexual favors. Oliver is uncertain about what he is to do about his "night job" in view of his developing bond with Philip, but he must continue to make money to supply heroin to his sister. The night that Oliver returns to his job at "The Blue Boy", Philip follows him to get him to quit hustling and exotic dancing and come home with him. Oliver sadly refuses, so Philip knocks him unconscious in the dressing room and takes him back to the apartment. Oliver is out of harm\'s way for Philip to go back to his police lieutenant with the information needed to bust "The Blue Boy" drug ring. When Oliver awakens, he finds himself handcuffed to the weight bench. He succeeds in freeing himself, but he finds in a desk drawer a luminous watch identical with that worn by Mac\'s murderer. He angrily leaves the apartment supposing Philip guilty of Mac\'s murder, and he continues to suspect Philip until he finds that Detective Grupe, who stops and picks him up on the street, is wearing one of the suspicious watches as well. Thinking Grupe to be the murderer, Oliver escapes from his car and returns to Philip\'s apartment. The luminous watches provide the mystery plot with two red herrings, and moments later in the film it is revealed that the police lieutenant had given her whole department these watches. At the apartment Philip is on the phone with his police lieutenant informing her of Oliver\'s disappearance when he is attacked from behind by Meyer, who knocks him unconscious and hangs up the phone. His plan is once again to frame Oliver with murder by killing Philip. Oliver\'s return to the apartment stops Meyer from killing Philip, but Meyer succeeds in wounding both Philip and Oliver in the struggle that ensues. Meyer is about to kill them both when he is shot and killed from behind by Det. Grupe. The last scene shows Oliver meeting Philip on the college campus some days later. Philip tests Oliver\'s reformation by asking him if he remembers his name. Oliver does and admits that he no longer considers Philip a john. They walk away up the sidewalk together.'] ['Matt  is a London music promoter who wants to one day own his own club. His flatmate is Paula , a pop singer whose music he helps promote. While accompanying her on a personal appearance at a gay club in Blackpool, Matt meets Craig , an unemployed youth who makes ends meet as a backroom bareknuckles fighter. They go back to Craig\'s place to have sex but it\'s Craig\'s first time and he freaks out. Matt leaves his card and takes off. Craig wins his next fight and the fight promoter plans to put him against an opponent Craig labels a maniac. Rather than fight, Craig goes to London and finds Matt. Matt invites him to stay, but Paula\'s not pleased about it. Also not pleased is Kelvin , Matt\'s boss, who wants Matt to help put over his new pop group ZKC and doesn\'t want him distracted. Matt agrees to put the final touches on ZKC\'s music video in exchange for the opportunity to run Kelvin\'s club when it re-opens. Meanwhile, a friend of Matt\'s offers Craig a staff job at his club. Unfortunately, on his first night he gets into a fight with one of the patrons. He calls Matt, who ditches a video editing session to retrieve Craig. Kelvin is livid, but invites Craig to a party at his house anyway. The invitation is a pretext, however, to break up Matt and Craig. Kelvin offers Craig a job doing "market research"  to keep him away from Matt for several weeks. He also aims Jamie, a member of ZKC, at Craig, who has a drunken one-night stand with him the night before he leaves for his job. While Craig is away, Matt learns about his fling with Jamie. Paula also acts to keep them apart, refusing to give Matt his messages from Craig. Craig returns to London the night of a music awards show at which Paula and ZKC are scheduled to perform. Matt confronts Craig but forgives him, then has to calm down Paula, who\'s terrified of performing live, and Jamie. Kelvin tells Craig that he won\'t be needed any longer for "market research." Jamie and Matt have had a previous fling as well and, while high on cocaine, they start making out. Craig catches them and storms out. Matt catches up to him and Craig asks him to leave with him right then. Matt hesitates and Craig leaves. Craig returns to Blackpool and agrees to take the fight. Matt, preparing for the club opening, decides to go to Blackpool after him. Kelvin fires him from the club and the record company. Matt meets Craig\'s brother Tony, who figures out the nature of their relationship. Tony, who just wants Craig to be happy, helps Matt find him, finally tracking him down at the fight. Craig loses badly, but he\'s bet all the money he made in London against himself and makes a big payday. Matt and Craig decide to give it another go.'] [" Sir Hugo is more interested in reconstructing dinosaur bones than in paying attention to his wife, Lady Harriet. He's not thrilled when daughter Cleo brings home her betrothed, Sidney, who aspires to be a poet. The new butler, Fledge, provides Lady Harriet with the attention she's been missing and then seduces Sidney. Did he have a role in Sidney's disappearance as well?"] ['Jan , an itinerant male nurse from Denmark, takes a new job with Mrs. A , a terminally ill Manhattan woman raising her parentless thirteen-year-old grandson, Gil . Spending the summer by the shore, the emotionally reserved Jan finds himself oddly cast as a mentor to Gil in having to prepare the sensitive boy for life with his cousins in Florida after his grandmother’s death. A deep friendship grows between these two solitary people. By the end of the summer, Gil has developed a new maturity and independence, while the enigmatic Jan has revealed his own vulnerability.Web Site Unavailable'] ["At the start of the movie, the young and handsome Kanō Sōzaburō is admitted to the Shinsengumi , an elite samurai police group led by Kondō Isami that seeks to defend the shogunate against reformist forces. He is a very skilled swordsman, but it is his appearance that makes many of the others in the  group, both students and superiors, attracted to him, creating tension within the group of people vying for Kanō's affections."] ['Km. 0 features over a dozen characters, including: * Silvia  - a 35-year-old struggling actress * Pedro ([[Carlos Fuentes  - a young aspiring film director whose sister is a friend of Silvia\'s * Tatiana  - an insecure prostitute * Sergio  - a young businessman * Amor  - a young woman engaged to Mario * Mario  - the bartender at a bar near the Kilometre Zero who dreams of opening a photography shop * Miguel ([[Jesús Cabrero  - a gigolo * Marga  - a bored older wife left in Madrid by her husband during business meetings * Benjamin  - a student and Miguel\'s gay roommate * Bruno -  a gay flamenco dancer * Roma  - Amor\'s sister, who has a crush on Mario * Gerardo  - an established director casting for a musical * Policia  - a police officer * Maximo  - another gay man Pedro arranges to meet Silvia at Kilometre Zero to stay with her in Madrid, but ends up mistaking Tatiana for her. Tatiana was there to meet new client Sergio, who ends up meeting Maximo instead. Maximo was there to meet Bruno, whom he\'d met cruising on the internet. Bruno ends up meeting Benjamin, who\'s had to leave his apartment so that Miguel can meet his client, Marga. Silvia sees Gerard in his car and throws herself in front of it to catch his attention. Meanwhile, Amor walks Mario to work at the bar and goes shopping for a watch for him and for a fitting of her wedding dress. Tatiana takes Pedro to her apartment, which is filthy. She gives him a blow job and, when she realizes he\'s not her client, breaks down crying. Struck by her emotion, he begins framing her as if through a camera\'s viewfinder. To calm herself, Tatiana takes a sleeping pill, and when she awakens, Pedro is cleaning her apartment. He persuades her to believe in her own worth, buying her a new outfit  and convincing her that she can charge 50,000 pesetas instead of 5,000 as she had been. Miguel takes Marga to his apartment for their appointment. Afterwards, she sees a wallet and finds a photograph inside. She has the same photo in her wallet; it\'s the only picture she has of herself and her son, whom she\'d abandoned some 25 years before. Horrified, she leaves and ends up at Mario\'s bar. Benjamin takes Bruno back to the apartment as well. After they spend some time together, Bruno realizes that Benjamin has lied about being his computer date. He plans to leave, but they each confess that they\'ve fallen in love with each other. Benjamin runs to the bar to buy a bottle of champagne. There, Marga sees that it\'s Benjamin\'s wallet that she\'d seen earlier and that Benjamin, not Miguel, is her son. Gerard takes Silvia into the bar to tend to her "injuries" and she works to convince him to cast her in his new musical. She alternately recites from Romeo and Juliet and threatens to make trouble for him because of the "accident." Gerard mocks her for reciting Shakespeare to audition for a musical and threatens her back, physically. As he begins to stalk out, Silvia sings Maybe This Time from Cabaret. Gerard finds her performance revelatory. Maximo and Sergio also end up at the bar, where Maximo teases and flirts outrageously with the sexually repressed Sergio, including fondling his leg under the table. Sergio ends up in the restroom with an erection and, after Maximo gives him a neckrub, he has a spontaneous orgasm. Maximo reassures Sergio that it doesn\'t mean he\'s gay, just horny. Amor gets robbed three times in the same day, including being dragged in the street when a man in a car snatches her purse. She reports the crimes to "Policia" , and as she gets up to leave, he sees that her skirt is badly torn. As he fixes it with a stapler, she notices his watch. He explains that it was a gift from his only girlfriend, who he\'d met when he was twelve and whose name he never learned. Amor tells him that her name was "Amor," that she was that girl. The two have been in love ever since without knowing who the other is. They end up at the bar, where "Policia" tells Mario that he and Amor are going to marry. The newly sophisticated-looking Tatiana enters the bar, but her nerve fails her. As she dashes out, Pedro catches her and again builds her confidence. They re-enter the bar and Maximo, calling himself Sergio\'s "guardian angel," arranges for Sergio to go with Tatiana. Tatiana confides in Pedro that she only asked for 40,000 pesetas instead of 50,000 and says she needs more lessons from him. They agree to live together for the three months he\'ll be in Madrid. Tatiana and Sergio prepare to leave; Sergio wants to say goodbye to Maximo, but Maximo has vanished. He appears sitting on a roof ledge overlooking Benjamin and Bruno as Bruno dances for Benjamin, suggesting that Maximo is their "guardian angel" as well. Miguel finds Marga at the bar and, relieved that she hasn\'t committed incest, Marga arranges to spend a week or longer with him. Marga also gives Mario the 2,000,000 pesetas that he needs to open his photo store. Mario discovers the birthday present, a watch, that Roma slipped into his pocket several hours earlier. He kisses her, somewhat hesitantly, and she tells him that she\'ll wait for him.'] ["Kafka is straight while Daniel happens to be gay. The young men fall in love, believing that their love can bridge anything, despite their difference in sexuality and Kafka's drug-taking. Daniel does not regret his love for Kafka, who tries to love him back against his nature. But a flashback memory from Kafka's past makes it difficult for their relationship to work. It turns out that their addiction to love proves more fatal than the drugs they use to explore the boundaries of their friendship. The film stars Hong Kong Chinese actor and former model Byron Pang , who was a runner-up contestant for Mr. Hong Kong in 2005, and Thomas Price, a half Chinese-half British actor who appeared in Permanent Residence and City Without Baseball. Like Scud's previous films, Permanent Residence  and the earlier City Without Baseball , Amphetamine features full-frontal male nudity in many scenes, in among others, an outdoor fight scene in which Pang is stripped naked by other guys, gym showers, and a leap from a public building, in which Pang wears 'wings', and his whole body is covered in calligraphy and silver paint. Amphetamine examines the limit of passion, and is the second of a trilogy: the first, called Permanent Residence, examines the limit of life, while the third, known as Life of an Artist, examines the limits of art. Amphetamine was screened at the Berlin International Film Festival on 15 February 2010, and was also shown at the Hong Kong International Film Festival on its final day . The third film has not yet been released."] ['Irish brothers Connor and Murphy McManus attend Mass at a Catholic Church, where the priest mentions the fate of Kitty Genovese. Later, while celebrating St. Patrick\'s Day with friends, the two get into a bar brawl with three Russian mobsters who want to close the pub and take over the land it is built on. The two brothers try to reason with the mobsters, but the latter respond with violence. The next morning, two of the Russians seek revenge on Connor and Murphy, who kill the mobsters in an act of self-defense. FBI Special Agent Paul Smecker is assigned to the case, and finds that the Police and local news reporters see them as heroes. During an interview with Smecker, they reveal that their mother insisted they be fluent in several languages , something they demonstrate as an explanation of how they communicated with the mobsters. Connor and Murphy retell their incident to Smecker and to avoid attention from the media Smecker allows the brothers to spend the night in a holding cell, where they receive what appears to be a "calling" from God telling them to hunt down wicked men so that the innocent will flourish. Connor and Murphy resolve to rid Boston of evil men, with their friend and former mob errand boy Rocco eventually joining them to help. Connor learns of a meeting of Russian syndicate bosses at a hotel from a pager taken from one of the dead Russian mobsters. Having equipped themselves with weaponry from a local underground gun dealer, the brothers quickly kill eight of the nine bosses and underbosses, and they save the leader, Yuri Petrov. The brothers recite their family prayer and kill Petrov with two gunshots to the back of the head—the bullets cross and go out his eye sockets. They place coins on the eyes of all nine bodies, as if to pay the toll to cross the River Styx. During the investigation, Smecker believes that the killings of the Russian mobsters are the result of the beginning of a mob war. The next day, Rocco learns that he was set up and sold out by his boss, Giuseppe "Papa Joe" Yakavetta, as he confirms that Papa Joe attempted to send Rocco to the hotel to solely confront the Russian mobsters at the hotel with only a revolver . Rocco kills three of the mob members who were in on the setup, and decides to officially join the McManus brothers in their mission. That night, the McManus brothers and Rocco hunt down an underboss of the Yakavetta crime family, Vincenzo Lapazzi, at a live peep show and kill him. A few other criminals are killed as well. These incidents lead Smecker to dismiss the gang war theory he earlier brought up. In response to the growing threat from the three vigilantes, Papa Joe contracts the feared hitman, Il Duce  to deal with them. After killing a criminal that Rocco had a personal hatred for at the former\'s house, the three men are ambushed by Il Duce as they are exiting the house. Although they manage to chase Il Duce away, the three men suffer from wounds, the most serious being the loss of Rocco\'s finger. Rather than risk going to a hospital and having to explain the bullet wounds, the three cauterize the wounds with an iron. Hours later as the Police conduct an investigation on the spot of where the firefight took place, the investigation seems futile since the brothers covered their tracks by spraying any blood left behind with ammonia. However, during his frustrated rant, Smecker happens upon the part of the finger lost by Rocco. Smecker decides to do an independent investigation to see who was behind the gun battle and is able to track the evidence down to Rocco and his two allies. This leaves Smecker in a difficult scenario, and struggles with the choice of whether to prosecute the three men, or join them in their cause, as Smecker had become sympathetic towards the brothers\' actions. After getting severely drunk at a gay bar and insulting several people, Smecker wanders into a Catholic church confessional. Smecker decides to help the three men, all of whom are listening in on his conversation with the reluctant priest. He later questions the retired mob boss who had helped Papa Joe recruit "Il Duce" and finds out that the brothers are walking into a trap. Later, the brothers and Rocco infiltrate the Yakavetta headquarters to finish off the family, followed by Smecker who dresses in drag to gain admittance. The brothers are captured, and Rocco is shot and killed by Papa Joe. Meanwhile, Smecker kills two men before being knocked unconscious by Il Duce, in accordance with one of his two rules: no women, no children. As Papa Joe leaves his house, the brothers manage to escape and subdue their captors. As the brothers say their family prayer over Rocco, Il Duce enters the room and is prepared to open fire. However, it is revealed that Il Duce is the brothers\' father, Noah. He finishes the prayer and decides to join his two sons in their mission to destroy all evil. Three months later, Papa Joe is sent to trial. However, the reporters on-scene anticipate his acquittal. The brothers and Noah, aided by Agent Smecker and three detectives, infiltrate the trial, after sliding their weapons over the metal detector, unmasked, and make a speech stating that they intend to eradicate evil wherever they find it before the three men recite their family prayer and kill Papa Joe in front of the audience. The media dubs the three as "the Saints", and the movie ends with various candid interviews with the public, reflecting on the question "Are the Saints ultimately good...or evil?"'] ["A college student, a single middle aged mother and an older widow meet in a steam room. Elizabeth  is a college freshman, beginning to understand her sexual identity in the shadow of her strict Catholic parents. Laurie  is just beginning a relationship with her son's young coach while her ex-husband's tries to use their son against her. An older widow, Doris , after years of loneliness, has met a new man. The film weaves their stories together, exploring the similarities that connect three very different women."] ["In 1539 the Knight Templars of Malta, paid tribute to Charles V of Spain, by sending him a Golden Falcon encrusted from beak to claw with rarest jewels——but pirates seized the galley carrying this priceless token and the fate of the Maltese Falcon remains a mystery to this day——{{cite book}}—Introductory text appearing after the film's opening credits In 1941 San Francisco, private investigators Sam Spade  and Miles Archer  meet prospective client Miss Ruth Wonderly . She claims to be looking for her missing sister, who is involved with a man named Floyd Thursby. Wonderly is to meet Thursby. After receiving a substantial retainer, Archer volunteers to follow her that night and help get her sister back. That night, Spade is informed that Archer has been killed. He meets his friend, Police Detective Tom Polhaus , at the murder scene. He then calls Wonderly&#39;s hotel, but she has checked out. He is grilled by Polhaus and his supervisor, Lieutenant Dundy , who inform him that Thursby was also murdered that same evening. Dundy suggests that Spade had the opportunity and motive to kill Thursby, who likely killed Archer. Archer&#39;s widow  believes that Spade shot his partner so he could have her.  Later that morning, Spade meets Wonderly, now calling herself Brigid O&#39;Shaughnessy. She explains that Thursby was her partner and probably killed Archer, but claims to have no idea who killed Thursby. Spade agrees to investigate the murders. At his office, Spade meets Joel Cairo , who first offers him a $5,000 fee to find a &#34;black figure of a bird,&#34; then pulls a gun on him in order to search for it. Spade manages to knock Cairo out and go through his belongings. When Cairo revives, he hires Spade. Later that evening, Spade tells O&#39;Shaughnessy about Cairo. When Cairo shows up, it becomes clear that Spade&#39;s acquaintances know each other. Cairo becomes agitated when O&#39;Shaughnessy reveals that the &#34;Fat Man&#34; is in San Francisco.  In the morning, Spade goes to Cairo&#39;s hotel, where he spots Wilmer , a young man who had been following him earlier. He gives Wilmer a message for his boss, Kasper Gutman , the &#34;Fat Man&#34;. Spade meets Gutman. Gutman begins to talk about the Falcon, but becomes evasive, causing Spade to storm out. Later, Wilmer takes Spade at gunpoint to see Gutman. Spade overpowers Wilmer, but meets with Gutman anyway. Gutman relates the history of the Maltese Falcon. He offers Spade $25,000 for the bird and a quarter of the proceeds from its sale. Then Spade passes out; his drink was spiked. Wilmer, Gutman and Cairo  depart. When Spade awakens, he searches the suite and finds a newspaper with the arrival time of the freighter La Paloma circled. He goes to the dock, only to find the ship on fire, so he returns to his office. A man  clutching a bundle wrapped in newspaper bursts in and staggers toward Spade before dying. The contents of his wallet identify the dead man as Captain Jacobi of the La Paloma. The bundle contains the Maltese Falcon. The phone rings. O&#39;Shaughnessy gives an address and then screams before the line goes dead. Spade stashes the package in a bus terminal baggage room, then goes to the address. It turns out to be an empty lot. Spade returns home and finds O&#39;Shaughnessy hiding in a doorway. He takes her inside, and finds Gutman, Cairo, and Wilmer waiting for him, guns drawn. Gutman gives Spade $10,000 for the Falcon, but Spade tells them that part of his price is someone he can turn over to the police for the murders of Archer, Thursby, and Captain Jacobi. Spade suggests Wilmer as the best choice, since he certainly killed Thursby and Jacobi. After some intense negotiation, Gutman and Cairo agree; Wilmer is knocked out in a scuffle. Spade gets the details of what happened and who killed whom, so that he can present a convincing story to the police along with Wilmer. Just after dawn, Spade calls his secretary, Effie Perrine ([[Lee Patrick , to bring him the bundle. However, when Gutman inspects the black statuette, he discovers that it is a fake. He suggests that he and Cairo return to Istanbul to continue their quest. After they leave, Spade calls the police and tells them where to pick up the pair. Spade then angrily confronts O&#39;Shaughnessy, telling her he knows she killed Archer to implicate Thursby, her unwanted accomplice. O&#39;Shaughnessy cannot believe that Spade would turn her over to the police, but he does, despite his feelings for her."] ['The film alternates between 1957, when Martin & Lewis-like comedy team Lanny Morris and Vince Collins are at the height of their success, and 1972, when journalist Karen O\'Connor is determined to unravel the mystery of a young woman found dead in their hotel suite 15 years before. In 1957, immediately after hosting a 39-hour-long polio telethon in a Miami television studio, Morris and Collins fly north to open the new showroom of a New Jersey hotel run by mobster Sally San Marco, who has intimidated them into appearing, in order to improve his own image. In their New Jersey hotel suite, shortly after their arrival, the nude body of Miami college student Maureen O\'Flaherty is found in a bathtub. Maureen, an aspiring journalist working for the summer as a server at the comedy team\'s Miami hotel , had been researching an article for her school newspaper on the comedy team, and had interviewed them in Miami just before she disappeared. Police investigation in no way connects either Morris or Collins to Maureen\'s death, which is officially attributed to a drug overdose. But almost immediately after her body is discovered, the two men\'s comedy partnership is dissolved, despite their enormous success and the closeness of their dependence on one another. Meanwhile, many unanswered questions remain for any investigators of Maureen\'s death; the most confusing aspect is how Maureen\'s body made it from Miami to New Jersey at the same time the comedians were traveling. 15 years later, in 1972, Karen, who as a young polio survivor first met the duo at the same telethon portrayed in the movie\'s opening sequence, accepts a job to ghostwrite Vince Collins\' autobiography &mdash; a deal from which Collins will earn $1 million, which he badly needs. The project is complicated by the fact that she keeps receiving anonymously-sent chapters from a book about the one-time duo that Lanny Morris himself has written; Karen had some prior knowledge of Morris\' book project. Karen, who has idolized the comedians ever since first meeting them, encounters Morris, accompanied by his faithful valet Reuben, by chance in the first-class section of a flight, where she has to share a dinner table with them. Wishing to keep her identity secret, during the meal she introduces herself as "Bonnie Trout", the name of the best friend with whom she has traded apartments. Morris and Karen hit it off and have sex in his hotel. He disappears the next morning, apparently without leaving her a note. Under her own name, Karen begins to work on the Collins autobiography. Complications arise when Collins invites her to an all-day working session at his Los Angeles home and she learns that Morris will be joining them as well. Near-panic ensues; she abruptly invents an excuse to leave, but meets Lanny in the driveway, and her masquerade is revealed &mdash; Lanny discovers she has lied to him about who she is, and Collins discovers that the woman he thought was helping him write his memoirs is having or has had an affair with his ex-partner. He agrees to continue with the book, but creates a situation in which he hopes to be able to blackmail Karen into staying away from the story of Maureen O\'Flaherty, which is Karen\'s consuming interest. Thus, after plying Karen with wine and drugs, Collins manipulates her into having sex with a young aspiring singer named Alice. He photographs the two women in compromising positions and tells Karen that unless she tells the publisher that there is nothing odd or improper surrounding Maureen\'s death, he will make the pictures public. Karen discovers that Maureen had secretly recorded her interactions with Morris and Collins. Gradually, it becomes clear what really happened that night 15 years before: the three had engaged in a ménage à trois, fueled by drugs and booze, and at some point Collins tried to have sex with Morris, who resisted violently. When Collins retreated to his room, Maureen tried to blackmail Morris to keep this information secret: in 1957, it would have finished Collins professionally and personally if it had come out that he was bisexual. Collins passed out in his room, Morris in his, and Maureen fell asleep on the couch. In the morning, she was dead. Fifteen years later, Collins indeed faces the destruction of his life when Karen begins to uncover the story; Morris is horrified by the effects of what Karen is doing, and Karen discovers more about Morris\' "fix-it man", Reuben. While both Morris and Collins were convinced the other murdered Maureen, they smuggled her body in a crate full of lobsters  with Reuben\'s assistance, and the crate was shipped ahead of them to the New Jersey hotel. The tape recorder was on during the entire night, but the tape was missing all these years. Reuben confessed to Karen that he murdered Maureen to protect his employers\' reputations, and produces the tape to confirm his guilt. He asks Karen if her publishing company will pay him, say, $1 million for the tape. Karen puts two and two together and realizes that Reuben was blackmailing Vince Collins, demanding $1 million from him to keep quiet his bisexuality, proven on the tape, and perhaps his having murdered Maureen  So Reuben was demanding a million bucks for a murder he himself committed. At the end of the film, Vince is destroyed indeed, Lanny is furious at Karen for all that she has set in motion, and Karen has the answer to her mystery. Also, Karen tells Mrs. O\'Flaherty that she will publish the truth only after an innocent bystander has died--referring  to Maureen\'s mother, who would have been crushed to learn of her daughter\'s sexual activities and her attempted foray into blackmail.'] ["In the film, Lillian Travers, a wealthy Northern woman about to be married, takes a magical seed which transforms its user into the opposite gender. Lillian's transformation into Lawrence Talbot has also been read as a transformation into a butch lesbian. This reading is bolstered by the later transformation of Lillian's fiancé into what appears to be an effemininate gay man."] ['The film begins with Professor Alfred Kinsey , being interviewed about his sexual history. Interspersed with the interview, there are flashbacks from his childhood and young-adulthood. The former depicts his experiences as a Boy Scout and the other shows Kinsey disappointing his father by his chosen vocational intentions. It then shows Kinsey teaching at Indiana University as a professor of biology lecturing on gall wasps. Kinsey falls in love with a student in his class, whom he calls Mac , and marries her. Consummation of their marriage is difficult at first, because of a medical problem Mac has that is fixed easily with minor surgery, after which it is shown that she has an equally intense sexual appetite as her husband. Meanwhile, at the University, Professor Kinsey, who is affectionately called "Prok" by his graduate students, meets with students afterhours to offer individual sexual advice. At a book party celebrating Kinsey\'s latest publication on gall wasps, Kinsey approaches the dean of students about an open-forum sex education course as opposed to the anti-sex propaganda taught in a general health class. Eventually, it is approved, but on the grounds that it is open only to teachers, graduate or senior students or married students. Nevertheless, Kinsey begins, teaching the sex course to a packed auditorium. Kinsey continues to answer students\' questions in personal meetings but finds his answers to be severely limited by the complete paucity of scientific data about human sexual behavior. This leads Kinsey to pass out questionnaires in his sexual education class from which he learns of the enormous disparity between what society had assumed people do and what their actual practices are. After securing financial support from the Rockefeller Foundation, Kinsey and his research assistants, including his closest assistant, Clyde Martin , travel the country, interviewing subjects about their sexual histories. As time progresses Dr. Kinsey begins realizing that sexuality within humans, including himself, is a lot more varied than was originally thought. The range of expression he creates later becomes known as the Kinsey scale, which ranks overall sexuality from completely heterosexual to completely homosexual and everything in-between. The first sexological book Kinsey publishes, which is on the sexual habits of the male, is a large-scale success and a best seller. Kinsey\'s research turns to women, which is met with more controversy. With the release of the female volume, support for Kinsey declines. McCarthyist pressures lead the Rockefeller Foundation to withdraw its financial support, lest it be labeled "Communist" for backing the subversion of traditional American values. Kinsey feels that he has failed everyone who has ever been a victim of sexual ignorance. A customs office is tipped off to an importation of some of Kinsey\'s research material, which only exacerbates the financial situation of Kinsey\'s research organization. Kinsey suffers a heart attack, and is found to have developed an addiction to barbiturates. Meeting with other philanthropists fails to garner the support needed. Still, Kinsey continues his taking of sex histories. He interviews an older woman, who tells Kinsey that she had felt so much shame about her attraction to another woman that she became an alcoholic, but that his research has saved her life and made her happy again, by helping her come to terms with her own sexuality. The story returns to the initial interview with Kinsey, and he is asked about love and if he will ever attempt to conduct research on it. His response is that love is impossible to measure and impossible to quantify , but that it is important. The final scene is of Kinsey and his wife, pulling over to the side of the road for a nature walk. She remarks about a tree that has been there for a thousand years. Kinsey replies that the tree seems to display a strong love in the way its roots grip the earth. Afterwards, the two walk off together, Kinsey remarking "there\'s a lot of work to do".'] ["Although he aspires to be an artist, middle class Charles Ryder is studying history at the University of Oxford, where he befriends wealthy Lord Sebastian Flyte, a flamboyant homosexual and alcoholic. Sebastian's family, the noble Marchmains, strongly disapprove of both proclivities. When Sebastian takes him home to visit his nanny, Charles is enthralled by the grandeur of the Marchmain family estate, known as Brideshead, and he is entranced by its residents, including the devout Catholic Lady Marchmain and her other children, Sebastian's elder brother Bridey and his younger sisters Julia and Cordelia. When Lord Marchmain invites Sebastian and Julia to visit him and his mistress Cara in Venice, Lady Marchmain encourages Charles to accompany them in the hope he can be a positive influence on her son. Increasingly interested in Julia, Charles surreptitiously kisses her in a dark alley, unaware Sebastian is watching from the opposite side of the canal. Jealous of his attention to his sibling, Sebastian ends their friendship. On their return to England, Lady Marchmain makes it clear Charles cannot marry her daughter since he professes to be an atheist. Sebastian's allowance is rescinded by his mother, who is concerned about his increasing alcoholism. During a visit to Brideshead, Ryder gives Sebastian money, which he uses to purchase alcohol. When he arrives drunk and improperly dressed at a ball celebrating Julia's engagement to Canadian Rex Mottram, Lady Marchmain blames Charles and tells him he no longer is welcome at Brideshead. Sebastian flees to Morocco where, at the request of the now terminally ill Lady Marchmain, Charles finds him hospitalised. His plan to bring him home is disrupted when the doctor warns him Sebastian is too ill to travel. Years later, Charles - now married and a successful painter - reunites with Julia on an ocean liner en route to England from New York. They realize they are still in love and decide to leave their respective spouses and live together in Italy. Charles returns to Brideshead and persuades Rex to step aside so he and Julia can be together. Rex agrees to the proposal in exchange for two of Charles' paintings, an arrangement that shocks and angers Julia, who feels like bartered goods. Without warning, a dying Lord Marchmain and Cara arrive at Brideshead so he can spend his final days in his former home. On his deathbed Lord Marchmain, hitherto an atheist, regains his faith and dies a reconciled Catholic. Deeply affected by her father's transformation, Julia decides she cannot relinquish her faith to marry Charles, and the two part. Several years later, during World War II, Charles - now a disillusioned army captain - finds himself once again at Brideshead, which has been requisitioned by the army for a military base. A corporal tells him Julia is serving in the reserves and her elder brother was killed during The Blitz. In the movie's final scene, Charles visits the family chapel, where he finds a single lit candle. He dips his hand in holy water and is about to snuff out the candle between his fingers, but he changes his mind and leaves the flame burning."] ["The film stars Jesse Bradford as Johnny, a young man with dreams of becoming a stock car racer. After he loses all of his money and possessions in Las Vegas, he drifts into the world of hustling, in the hope of making enough money to travel to Charlotte, North Carolina to join the car racing industry. He meets Eric , a gay hustler, who finds himself falling for Johnny. Jonathan Taylor Thomas also stars as Steve, a bisexual hustler, and Daryl Hannah plays Veronica, a former showgirl and prostitute who has served as a surrogate mother figure for Eric since his own mother died. Other than Veronica, the only thing Eric has to remind him of his mother is a silver dollar she gave him that he carries for good luck. Eric falls deeply in love with Johnny, and is saddened that his love will remain unrequited. Eric finds out that Johnny is a virgin and really wants to have sex with a woman, so Eric asks Veronica to have sex with Johnny. Under the guidance of Eric and with tips from Steve, Johnny slowly becomes a good hustler. Steve then asks Johnny to join him in entertaining some gay clients for a potentially large payment. Johnny refuses because it is Eric's birthday, much to the annoyance of Steve, who really needs the money from the clients who will only pay if both Steve and Johnny arrive. When Eric remains sombre, Johnny questions him, they argue, and Eric finally confesses his love for Johnny. Johnny tells Eric that he really cares for Eric too because Eric has been the best friend that he has ever had, and asks Eric to move with him to Charlotte. Delighted to find out that Johnny really cares for him, Eric agrees. J.T., a sociopathic drug dealer, tosses Johnny a package while running from the police. It contains crack cocaine and cash. Steve finds it in their place and steals it. When J.T. shows up looking for it, it's missing. J.T. holds Johnny hostage while Eric looks for Steven. Steven refuses to return the cash and the drugs, so Eric heads to Veronica's place. There he steals the gun belonging to her police officer boyfriend and heads home. J.T. is playing William Tell with Johnny, shooting a can of tomato soup off his head. Eric comes in and thinks Johnny's been shot. He gets into a gun battle with J.T., killing him. Johnny and Eric flee but Eric realizes he's been shot. Eric dies in Johnny's arms, giving Johnny his lucky silver dollar. At the bus station, Johnny puts the dollar in a slot machine and hits a jackpot. He buys a bus ticket and leaves town. A year later, Veronica is working as a cocktail waitress. She glances up at a television and sees Johnny. He's a member of a pit crew, having taken a step toward realizing his dream."] ['Yaji and Kita are two men who live in Edo. They are deeply in love. Yaji is married to a woman, while Kita is an actor addicted to various drugs. One day, they receive an advertisement for the Grand Shrine at Ise, and decide to set out on a pilgrimage there, hoping to cure Kita of his drug addiction. They set out on a modern motorcycle but are forced to turn back and walk the Tōkaidō road to Ise, encountering various characters and obstacles along the way.'] ['Sylvie Cooper is a teenage girl at a private school for the wealthy. She first meets "Ivy", a poor but intelligent and highly trashy girl, at a local hangout where Ivy enjoyed rope-swinging from a tree. A young boy runs up and says, "Come on! A dog got hit!" Sylvie kneels next to the still breathing dog when all of a sudden Ivy crushes the dog\'s skull with a pipe . While sitting in the office for phoning in a bomb threat to a local TV station  she sees Ivy walk in and begins to talk to her. Later that day, when Sylvie\'s father picks her up, Ivy asks for a ride. At first Darrel, Sylvie\'s father, is reluctant, but grudgingly compromises. Ivy tells Sylvie she gets car sick and asks to ride in the front . Ivy puts her feet on the dashboard and allows her mini-skirt to shrug back onto her hip revealing her legs. Darrel takes notice. A few weeks later, after Sylvie is no longer grounded, they meet again at the same hangout. They walk to Sylvie\'s house together, on the way Sylvie tells Ivy that Darrel is her adoptive father and that her biological father was black. She also says that she once tried to kill herself. Sylvie invites Ivy into her parent\'s mansion. They walk into the living room overlooking the San Fernando Valley. Ivy says that if she were to kill herself she\'d like to fall. Sylvie\'s sickly mother, Georgie, walks in on their conversation, and it turns out that Sylvie was lying about her attempted suicide and her father. Georgie does not want Sylvie to be friends with Ivy initially, but Ivy later wins Georgie over by talking about her scholarship and helping her unblock her oxygen tank. Sylvie narrates that Georgie liked Ivy\'s energy and that her parents enjoyed Ivy so much that Ivy had practically moved in. Ivy and Sylvie sleep in the same bed and share clothes, but when Georgie offers to lend Ivy some of her clothes because of their similar figures, Ivy begins to wear the expensive clothes. After a spat with her parents, Sylvie says she wants to do something to "make her parents cringe" and Ivy convinces her to get a tattoo so that "they can be like blood sisters". Darrel decides to throw a party at his house to try and improve his failing career, and he enlists Sylvie to help him. When Sylvie\'s boss at the charity center calls Ivy picks up the phone and tells him that Sylvie can work the night of the party, which allows Ivy to fill in. She straightens her hair and wears one of Georgie\'s dresses. That night, after the party, she dances in the kitchen and then begins to dance with Darrel. Georgie walks in on them and storms upstairs. While Georgie and Darrel are sitting together, Ivy walks in and tells Georgie that she is sorry. She claims that Darrel came into the kitchen to cry, and that she was only hugging him to make him feel better. Georgie believes her and accepts a glass of champagne from Ivy. She then falls unconscious because of the pills Ivy had put in the champagne beforehand. Ivy sits on the bed next to Georgie, and begins to massage Darrel with her foot while he kisses her legs. Ivy appears to change over the next few days. She continues to straighten her hair and wears more and more of Georgie\'s clothing. Sylvie becomes increasingly irritated with Ivy and throws a fit when she finds Ivy with her dog in Georgie\'s sports car. She makes Fred  choose between her and Ivy. Ivy cheats and shakes the treats in her pockets while she calls Fred. That day, Sylvie skips school and tries to spend some time alone to sort things out in her head. Darrel picks Ivy up and they go out into the forest where Ivy gets Darrel drunk while they have sex. The next morning, Georgie plays a record that Sylvie made for her and walks out onto her balcony. Ivy walks up behind her and begins talking to Georgie. Then, without warning, Ivy pushes Georgie off the balcony and makes it look like a suicide . A few weeks later, Sylvie washes Georgie\'s old sports car and Ivy walks up with the urn holding Georgie\'s remains. She suggests that they take a ride as a final goodbye to Georgie. While she\'s driving, Ivy begins to hum the song that Georgie was playing the morning Ivy pushed her. Sylvie confronts her and Ivy crashes the car to avoid answering. She moves Sylvie into the driver\'s seat to incriminate Sylvie. In the hospital, Sylvie hallucinates that her mother is sitting in front of her. This inspires her to get back to her house in an attempt to save her father from Ivy. When she gets to her house there is a raging storm. She runs inside to get out of the rain, experiencing hallucinations all along the way. When she gets inside, she sees Darrel and Ivy having sex and flees the room. Darrel goes to look for Sylvie and tells Ivy to stay inside. Ivy goes up to Georgie\'s old room and puts in the tape that was playing the morning Georgie died. She puts on Georgie\'s robe and walks out onto the balcony. Sylvie is sitting outside in the storm and sees the light and, due to her very serious head injury, believes that it is her mother on the balcony. She goes up to the room. Sylvie sees her mother turn around from the balcony. Sylvie tells Georgie that she loves her and Georgie says she loves Sylvie too. They kiss, but when Ivy begins to use her tongue, Sylvie comes out of her hallucination and sees that it is really Ivy. Ivy says how her mother wanted to die and lovingly says how they can all be a family now. Sylvie pushes Ivy off her and onto the balcony, at which point Ivy says how she can take Sylvie with her . Ivy goes off the balcony, but manages to keep from falling by holding on to Sylvie\'s necklace. The chain breaks and Ivy falls to her death, still clutching the necklace. The film ends with Sylvie narrating that she still loves and misses \'her\', following the parallel between Ivy and Georgie.'] ['The Best Day of My Life is the story of a dysfunctional family as seen through the eyes of young Chiara  who is about to receive her first communion. The family includes matriarch Irene  and her three grown up children.'] ["Martín, known as Hache, is a 19-year-old Argentinian boy who after his girlfriend leaves him has a nearly fatal drug overdose, thought by many to be an attempted suicide. Afterwards, his mother sends him to Madrid to live with his father, Martin. Martin, a successful film-maker, doesn't want to take care of his son because he likes living alone and being able to socialize with his two friends, Alicia and Dante, without influencing his son in any negative way since both Alicia and Dante are experienced drug users. Regardless, he brings him into his home, hoping to ward off any evil influences that might cause his son to have a relapse and commit suicide. As time passes and Martin's friendships get more strained, it becomes clear that Hache needs to leave his father's place and make a name for himself."] ["Jade is a webcam girl, who broadcasts herself nightly on the internet to anonymous users. She seeks a tattoo, which leads her to the studio of tattoo artist Takeko, who also happens to be Jade's childhood crush. Jade becomes entranced by a large tattoo of golden flowers—spider lilies—on Takeko's arm. She wants the same design, but Takeko refuses, telling her that the flowers are cursed. Takeko's father, who was killed in an earthquake, had the same tattoo on his arm. Her younger brother witnessed the incident and was traumatised by it, left with no memory except for the image of the flowers. Takeko decided to get the same tattoo, in the hope that it would help her brother's recovery. Nevertheless, Takeko finds herself drawn to Jade, and begins designing a new tattoo for her. Meanwhile, a young police officer is trying to ambush Jade and the rest of the girls working in the same website. However, he takes to speaking to her, listening to her childhood stories and connecting with her, thereby slowing down the investigation he is supposed to be working on. Eventually he falls in love with her, trying to tell her to get out before it's too late and before she's caught. He blurts out that he loves her, and Jade, mistaking him for Takeko, goes to her. They make love and this causes Takeko to become distracted and forget to pick up her brother. Desperate and frightened, he goes out into the street looking for her, but is involved in a car accident. Just before his accident, he recovers his memory. Takeko finds her brother in the hospital, where he has slipped into a severe coma. Devastated and guilt-stricken, she sends a farewell message to Jade saying that she will not be able to finish Jade's tattoo. Later, Jade decides to go online, and wait for Takeko. At this time, the policeman finally confesses his true identity to Jade and tells her that she must get offline immediately. She cries, realizing it was not Takeko whom she thought had confessed to her earlier. Eventually, Takeko's brother awakes from his coma with his memory intact. A joyful Takeko sends Jade another message apologizing, and saying that she will wait for her in the tattoo shop. The last image of the film is a footage of Jade, coming to meet Takeko."] ["Jim ([[Alun Armstrong  is a Latin teacher who is retiring after a long career at the same public school he attended as a boy. He has led a sheltered and lonely life and is determined to see the world and fall in love. His plans are delayed when his father ([[David Morris  has a stroke. The cab that picks Jim up from school is driven by Ray ([[Paul Freeman , a widower whose grown children, Caz  and Little Ray , use him as an unpaid babysitter for their kids. Ray also feels lonely and unfulfilled, and the terminal illness of his friend Billy  has made him face his own mortality. He is inspired to take charge of his own life after learning of Jim's plans. Despite their different backgrounds, shy academic Jim and former football hooligan Ray become friends. Although Jim is sexually inexperienced and Ray has lived a lifetime as a heterosexual, their friendship eventually develops into a romantic relationship. The situation is further complicated by the reactions of Ray's children."] ["William Hickey stars as Andre, the lecherous brothel owner that trades in young men. Exploiting his young charges through paternalism and drugs, Andre sets his sights on Lee , a ten-year-old, black, runaway orphan. Through Andre, Lee quickly becomes immersed in New York's sleazy underbelly of drug dealers and street hustlers. The boy's only hope for survival is the aspiring songwriter Angel , himself a former hustler and drug dealer. Angel befriends Lee and rescues him from the wiles of Andre's cohort Fine Art , who attempts to profit on Lee's tender age. Eventually, Andre's petty empire is vanquished by Shiniqua ([[Billy Porter , a powerfully wise and glamorous drag queen whose fiercely maternal spirit is every bit the match for the depraved denizens of the brothel.TLA Video's Twisted page"] ['After the funeral of Marc and Kyle , Kyle\'s mom Helen  takes in her nephew, geeky but cute Casey , and gives him the number for Tiffani , Kyle\'s slutty fag hag friend, who hires him at her salon "Nail Me". They venture to the local LGBT center so Casey can volunteer for an upcoming event, and Casey meets Zack , a gorgeous frequent visitor. So Tiffani and Casey set up a phony online profile using the image of Tiffani\'s buff ex, Ryan... which works fine until the real Ryan  shows up. Ryan pretends to be gay to piss Tiffani off, so he accepts Zack\'s date, but later bails. Zack finds Casey to talk to, but then finds out that Casey and Ryan had both lied to him. Ryan and Tiffani both wanted to help get Casey and Zack together, so they shut the door and lock them in a room together to talk through it. But the problem wasn\'t getting solved, so Ryan, although he is straight, decides to strip and get into a threesome to get Casey and Zack together. Only through some fancy footwork, advice from Aunt Helen and mentor Harry, and a daring sexual escapade can Casey figure out how to set things right and perhaps even find the love he\'s been seeking.'] ['Set at the fictional Camden College in New Hampshire, the film opens at the "End of the World" party, where students Lauren Hynde , Paul Denton , and Sean Bateman  give apathetic interior monologues on their lives and briefly exchange glances with one another. Lauren, previously a virgin, takes a film student upstairs to have sex, only to wake up being raped by a townie while the film student records it; upon waking, she reflects on how she had planned to lose her virginity to Victor , her now ex-boyfriend. Meanwhile, Paul tries to have sex with a jock, only to be bashed when it turns out he is deeply closeted; additionally, a bruised Sean tears up a purple letter, before approaching and having sex with a blonde girl at the party. The plot then moves backwards several months and explores the love triangle between Lauren, Paul and Sean. Misinterpreting Sean\'s friendliness, Paul mistakes him for a homosexual and makes several advances that Sean is apparently oblivious to. Concurrently, Lauren also finds herself attracted to Sean despite saving her virginity for her traveling boyfriend, Victor. Sean reciprocates her feelings, and assumes the anonymous, purple love letters he has started receiving are from her. While Paul is visiting his friend, Dick, Sean is seduced by Lauren\'s roommate Lara, who tells him that Lauren isn\'t interested in him because she has a boyfriend; despite having sex with Lara, however, Sean regrets it and realizes that he is in love with Lauren. It is then revealed that another, unnamed girl is the author of Sean\'s love letters; after seeing him leave the party with Lara, she sends him a suicide note before cutting her wrists in the dorm bathtub. Lauren, finding Sean with Lara, runs to the girls bathroom in anger, only to find the unnamed girl\'s corpse, leaving Lauren extremely distressed. Sean, still believing Lauren wrote the purple letters, misinterprets the suicide note and assumes Lauren never wants to be with him. After numerous failed attempts at suicide, Sean then fakes his death and, unaware that Lauren recently found a corpse, unintentionally upsets her further when she finds him pretending to be dead. After stealing drugs from dealer Guest , Sean tries to speak to Lauren again, only for her to brush him off angrily. Finally happy now that Victor has returned to Camden College, Lauren is completely distraught to find Victor has no idea who she is. Paul, upon finding a drunk Sean, tries to talk to him, only for Sean to reject him, causing Paul to run off upset. Sean then finds that the love notes have stopped, and is beaten by Guest. The protagonists then attend the "End of the World" party and the plot returns to the introduction. After seeing Lauren heading upstairs with the filmmaker, Sean finally accepts he cannot be with her, and tears up one of the purple letters he believes to be from her. It\'s then revealed that, rather than having sex with the blonde girl as he does in the intro, Sean was merely fantasizing, and he instead leaves his drink and exits. Paul and Lauren then meet on the house porch and reflect on the events of the movie and on Sean, who is seen leaving on a motorcycle. Sean then begins narrating his thoughts, only for them to end prematurely.'] ["Kenan , a Bosniak classical musician, and Milan , a Serb, live in Sarajevo, Bosnia and Herzegovina in a clandestine gay relationship. When the Bosnian War breaks out in 1992, they try to escape from the city. In order to hide from Serbian militamen, Kenan disguises himself as a woman and Milan passes him of as his wife. Together, they go to Milan's village in Eastern Bosnia, a Serb stronghold, where they continue to live in deception. However, Milan is soon conscripted into the army and Kenan is left behind in the village. Ranka, a woman from the village, discovers Kenan's secret and seduces him."] ["The film recounts the events in the life of Colonel Margarethe Cammermeyer which led to her retirementCammermeyer's website from the Washington National Guard under the U.S. military's gay exclusion policy."] ["After giving a guest lecture on criminal psychology at a local university, Dr. Helen Hudson , a respected field expert on serial killers, is cornered in a lavatory by one of her previous subjects, Daryll Lee Cullum , who kills a police officer and brutally attacks her. Helen becomes severely agoraphobic as a result, sealing herself inside an expensive hi-tech apartment, conducting her entire life from behind a computer screen and assisted by a friend, Andy . When a new series of murders spread fear and panic across her home city of San Francisco, detective M.J. Monahan  and her partner Reuben Goetz  solicit Helen's expertise. Initially reluctant, Helen soon finds herself drawn into the warped perpetrator's game of wits. As the murders continue Helen realizes the elusive assailant draws inspiration from notorious serial killers including Albert DeSalvo, The Hillside Strangler, David Berkowitz, Peter Kürten, Ted Bundy, Edmund Kemper and Jeffrey Dahmer. When the murderer begins contacting - and even stalking - Helen, she and M.J. realize that he is after them, and they enlist the aid of Cullum, who tells them what he knows about the killer. Helen soon realizes that the Copycat killer has been following the list of serial killers in the same order she'd presented at the university the night of her attack, and the two work to figure out where and when he will strike next. After Andy is killed in a manner reminiscent of Jeffrey Dahmer, M.J. deduces the killer's identity as Peter Foley . After leading a failed attempt to catch Foley at his house, M.J. discovers that he has kidnapped Helen and taken her back to the scene of Daryll Lee's attempt at killing her - the restroom of the lecture hall. Once she gets there, M.J. finds Helen bound and gagged in the same manner that Cullum did before, but she is ambushed and shot by Foley, rendering her unconscious. As Foley prepares to kill M.J., Helen desperately attempts to save her by ruining Foley's carefully replicated crime scene the only way she can - by attempting to hang herself. Foley panics and cuts Helen down, and Helen is able to get away and escape to the building's roof. Her agoraphobia kicks in again, and Helen finds herself cornered. Accepting her fate, she turns to face Foley. However, just as he is about to kill her, M.J. shoots him in the brachial nerve, giving him one last chance to surrender. When he pulls his gun back on her, however, she shoots him dead. Some time later, Daryll Lee writes a letter to another serial killer, instructing him on how to kill Helen, revealing that he had been aiding Foley all along."] ['The story takes place in Manhattan during the height of the AIDS epidemic and revolves around the title character ([[Steven Weber , a gay man who has sworn off sex because of it. Almost immediately thereafter he meets Steve , a hunky, charming HIV+ man. He then experiences an emotional conflict as he must face his fear in order to accept love, often breaking the fourth wall to do so.'] ["Henry Hart is a successful gay artist from New York City who returns to his rural hometown in Montana to care for his ailing grandfather. Henry is welcomed back by the townsfolk, all of whom are aware of his sexuality and are highly accepting and even supportive towards him . However, during the months he stays in the town, Henry is forced to confront his unresolved feelings for his high school friend Dean Stewart, while simultaneously beginning to fall in love with Pike Dexter, the shy Native American owner of the town's general store."] ['{{plot}} Robin Turner is a frustrated hairdresser. He does hair and makeup for the local drag shows but longs to get up on stage himself. His best friend, Liza, is schizophrenic. She had been institutionalized but decided to leave the facility. She shows up on Robin\'s doorstep and he lets her move in. Her first night there, Liza has a delusional episode in which she believes that "The Bonecrusher" from "The Other Place" is lying on top of her. Robin helps her push the Bonecrusher off and Liza tells him about the Other Place and her friend from there, Zara. Zara protects her from the Bonecrusher, who tells Liza that she is "the one born dead" and wants to take her to live in the Other Place forever. A social worker visits Liza and they review Liza\'s lengthy list of medications. The social worker stresses that it would be very dangerous for Liza to become pregnant. When Robin comes home from work, Liza is excited that she was able to function with the social worker. Robin, however, is depressed. A client had urged him to be adventurous with her hairstyle but then reacted badly when Robin styled it like Elizabeth Taylor in Cleopatra. Robin and Liza meet Robin\'s friend Perry and Liza\'s friend from the institution, Martin. Martin seems to suffer from some form of paranoid delusions, believing that his eyes are turning Chinese and ranting about Mao Zedong. Perry and Robin discuss their costumes for an upcoming Halloween party. Perry decides to go as Karen Black as the flight attendant from Airport 1975. Liza suggests that Robin go as Tallulah Bankhead and agrees to make his dress. Robin is a smash at the Halloween party, winning first prize in the costume contest and being offered the chance to perform regularly. His boss at the hair salon, a closet case who thinks that women won\'t want to have their hair done by "fags," is at first reluctant to give Robin the time off to shop for fabric for new dresses but finally relents. Robin debuts at the club as Bette Davis, doing a routine mocking Joan Crawford\'s performances in Mildred Pierce, Autumn Leaves and What Ever Happened to Baby Jane? and singing live rather than lip synching. Meanwhile, Liza is continuing therapy. She keeps a journal of her thoughts and dreams and reads them for her psychiatrist, who suggests that she return to the institution. She adamantly refuses. Her doctor cautions her again about becoming pregnant. Liza\'s lesbian editor friend Anne reads through Liza\'s journal and tells her that she might be able to sell some of her stories. Robin continues to make appearances at the club, including a turn as Barbra Streisand, but loses his job at the salon after a client finds out about it and complains to his boss. Liza, who is somewhat sexually promiscuous, has become pregnant. With bills piling up, Robin leaves Canada for New York City seeking success as a female impersonator. On his way to his first gig at the "Jackrabbit Club," he meets Bob, a cab driver who was formerly a talent agent and agrees to allow Bob to represent him. Bob, through a regular trick, gets Robin a tryout gig at "Ziggy\'s Cabaret." Robin performs Diamonds Are a Girl\'s Best Friend while rapidly changing drag personas, starting off as Carol Channing and transforming into Marlene Dietrich, Ethel Merman, Ella Fitzgerald, Pearl Bailey and Bette Midler before concluding as Carol again. For an encore he performs Give My Regards to Broadway as Judy Garland. Robin is a triumph and books a regular slot at the club. Liza enters the hospital to give birth. Tragically, the baby is stillborn. She goes into a deep depression, calling Robin to tell him about the stillbirth and that she believes now that she is "the one born dead." Robin has Bob drive him to Canada to retrieve Liza. He moves her into his New York apartment and instructs Bob to get her dressed and to his show at the Jackrabbit. That night Robin performs as Peggy Lee. Liza, initially completely withdrawn, slowly begins to respond to her surroundings. Following the number, still depressed, Liza tells Robin that the Bonecrusher\'s not there but that she\'s of his domain, that she\'s dead. Robin replies "You\'re not dead. You\'re alive and sick and living in New York like eight million other people." Robin tells Liza that yes, she\'s crazy, but she has to make that crazy work for her. The film ends with Robin and a recovering Liza dancing together.'] ['Trembling Before G-d interviews and follows several gay and lesbian Orthodox Jews, many only seen in silhouette, and also interviews several rabbis and psychologists regarding their views on homosexuality in Orthodox Judaism. The film repeatedly returns to several characters: David is an observant Orthodox Jewish doctor from Los Angeles who has spent a decade trying to reconcile his homosexuality with Judaism. He has tried numerous forms of "treatment", from eating figs and praying to wearing a rubber band on his wrist to flick whenever he thinks of men, but to no avail.<ref name1353371 Trembling before G-d], Hollywoodreporter.com. Retrieved February 18, 2007. During the course of the film, David decides to visit the Chabad rabbi to whom he first came out.Tremblingbeforeg-d.com, Who\'s Who. Retrieved March 9, 2007. Israel is a 58-year-old New Yorker who decided he couldn\'t be gay and Orthodox, and turned his back on his religion, though not before his family forced him into electroshock therapy to try to cure him. Now a tour guide around the Haredi neighborhoods of New York, the film follows him as he gives a tour, psychoanalyzes himself and decides, on the 25th anniversary of being with his life partner, to call his 98-year-old father, a rabbi, whom he has not seen in over twenty years.<ref namehttp://www.calendarlive.com/movies/reviews/cl-movie000013084feb20,0,2776571.story|date DASHBot}} Michelle is another New Yorker, in her forties, who believed she was the only Hasidic lesbian in the world and as a consequence allowed herself to be pressured into marriage. However, she got divorced and was subsequently ostracized by her family and community when they discovered she was homosexual. The film shows her visiting her old neighborhood and an Orthodox fair.Armstrong, Rod, Reel Review: Trembling Before G-d, Reel.com. Retrieved February 18, 2007. Rabbi Steven Greenberg, one of the founding members of the Jerusalem Open House, a gay rights organization in Israel which provides support to gay Orthodox Jews and their families, who is sometimes called "the world’s first openly gay Orthodox rabbi",{{cite web}} discusses parents\' reactions to their children coming out, as well as traditional interpretations of the prohibitions on homosexual acts in the Torah. Shlomo Ashkenazy is a gay psychotherapist who has run a confidential support group for Orthodox gay men for nearly 20 years.<ref name432 Trembling Before G-d], Slant Magazine. Retrieved February 18, 2007. Mark is the English son of a Haredi rabbi. Coming out at 15, he was expelled from seven yeshivas for homosexual activity before becoming a drag queen, and is now dying of AIDS-related illness. He visits several yeshivas and other religious sites throughout the film.French, Philip , Trembling Before G-d, The Observer. Retrieved February 18, 2007. He remains upbeat, at one point saying, "Being a Jew is such a nice present to receive." "Malka" and "Leah" are two observant Orthodox lesbians who have been together for ten years, which has destroyed Malka\'s relationship with her family. They speak frankly about their lives in the film and discuss their fears that they may not end up in heaven together. They are shown preparing for Shabbat, and Leah gives advice to a married Hasidic lesbian who is terrified her husband will find out and take away her children.Burke, Brian , Trembling Before G-d, DVDVerdict.com. Retrieved February 18, 2007. The film follows her as she attends her first gay pride parade, where she is offended by the anti-Orthodox sentiment of its speakers.'] ['College student James  arrives from New Orleans at a desert ranch owned by his father, Hezekiah  to help out. Soon after arriving, James is hit on by Hezekiah\'s wife, Cheryl , and starts having nightmares. James and Cheryl are caught by Hezekiah having sex, Cheryl and Hezekiah have a fight, then she leaves the ranch that night. Hezekiah drives into town and picks up another woman, Alisha , who also quickly falls for James then disappears. Cheryl staggers into Hezekiah\'s "studio" , and dies in front of James. He takes her into the house, where he finds his father crying over Alisha\'s dead body. James calls a care facility because he thinks his dad has gone crazy. They send out a nurse, Patty , who handcuffs Hezekiah to his bed so that the next time somebody gets killed, he can be eliminated as a suspect. In the few days of waiting for the next victim to show up, Patty and James decide to while away the time by having sex. James reveals to Patty that he went to a witch doctor  back in New Orleans to help him with attracting females but was misled; his penis can now detach itself from his body and kill people. A side story involves a sexually confused local mechanic  and his probably intentional delay in fixing James\'s car, in order to seduce him.'] ["Based on the play Beyond Therapy by Christopher Durang, it focuses on Prudence and Bruce, two Manhattanites who are seeking stable romantic relationships with the help of their respective psychiatrists, lecherous Stuart and scatterbrained Charlotte, each of whom suggests the patient place a personal ad. Their first meeting proves to be a disaster, but when they reunite sparks begin to fly. Complications ensue when bisexual Bruce's jealous live-in lover Bob decides to assert himself and do everything possible to maintain his status quo."] ['Failed filmmaker Zachary Wells is convinced by his best friend and hotshot director Topher into replacing him as a judge in their film school\'s annual festival. Zach\'s one-night stand with a student backfires when that student walks into an interview the next morning calling himself Danny Reyes, the name Zach went by when he attended the school. And Danny\'s film, Judas Kiss, is a finalist in the competition Zach is judging. Zach\'s film, also Judas Kiss, won the festival years before. Zach scrambles for answers. A mysterious, chain-smoking campus tour guide, counsels him: "Change the kid\'s past, change your future." But how? Zach comes to believe he can mend his life by disqualifying Danny from competition, putting him on a different path than Zach followed. Will Zach\'s plan work?'] ['The film follows a diverse group of mostly middle-class Los Angelenos through the emotional ups and downs in their flawed yet very human lives, each loosely connected to each other through a restaurant. In the first story, Mamie  reluctantly agrees to work with a would-be young filmmaker  in order to locate the now grown son she secretly gave up for adoption after becoming pregnant from her stepbrother Charley  &ndash; who is later revealed to be gay &ndash; 19 years earlier. In the second story arc, her stepbrother, and his domestic partner, Gil  are deciding whether or not to confront their friends, a lesbian couple , regarding the paternity of their son. And in the third, a young man, Otis,  is involved with a band and trying to keep his father, Frank ([[Tom Arnold , from learning that he is gay, while also dealing with the seemingly gold-digging woman, Jude , who inserts herself into their lives.'] ['Bright-eyed 18-year-old identical twin brothers come to Hollywood with the age-old dream of becoming stars. When they see the performers in front of the world-famous Grauman\'s Chinese Theater impersonating Superman, Dorothy and the Pirate Johnny, they think this could be their big break. Crossing the gender divide, they take on the roles of mega-famous twin sisters Mary-Kate and Ashley Olsen, losing themselves in their "roles" of the tween superstars, until their fabricated personas threaten to overtake their own identities forever.'] ['The movie opens with Angela Arden  kneeling in front of her twin sister Barbara\'s grave. Angela is a lounge singer who is attempting to resuscitate her floundering career, which became obsolete around the same time Barbara committed suicide. She\'s unhappily married to her movie-director husband Sol Sussman . They have two children together&ndash;Lance , who is gay and emotionally disturbed, and Edith , a "daddy\'s girl" who is openly contemptuous of her mother. Also living in the house is the snoopy maid Bootsie , who is infatuated with Sol. Bored and unhappy, Angela begins cheating on her husband with Tony Parker , a tennis playing "lothario" and failed actor who is reputed to be well endowed. Sol finds out after hiring a private detective to follow Angela around. He confronts her about it but he refuses to divorce her. Instead, he gives her "life in prison". Not only does he cancel all of Angela\'s credit cards, he forbids her from performing at an engagement in New York, destroying the contract before she has a chance to sign it. Feeling trapped and eager to get her hands on her husband\'s money, Angela poisons an ever-constipated Sol with an arsenic-laced suppository. Despite the fact that Angela receives virtually nothing in Sol\'s will, her children, along with Bootsie, begin to suspect Angela\'s involvement. And the suspicious circumstances of Sol\'s death bring old questions about Angela\'s sister\'s death to light. Edith&ndash;and later Lance&ndash;hatch a plot to get her to confess. Meanwhile, Tony successfully seduces both the children, taking an unusual interest in the details surrounding Aunt Barbara\'s death. After Bootsie is found dead, the children eventually get Angela to confess her crimes by lacing her evening coffee with LSD. During her bender, Angela not only reveals that she poisoned Sol, but that she is not Angela but really Barbara. In flashback, Barbara reveals how as Angela\'s career flourish, her own fell apart, culminating in her arrest for jewelry theft. After serving her sentence, Barbara arrived at Angela\'s mansion, greeted with scorn and ridicule from the immensely egotistical Angela. Watching the physical and emotional abuse Angela doled out to Sol and the children, Barbara devised a plan to poison her sister and take over her life, her family and, most importantly, her career. The children watch with confusion as Barbara announces she killed Angela. As they turn the tape over to Tony, Edith and Lance fight over who will be the one to run away with him, while he respectfully refuses both of them. Meanwhile, a masked assailaint pops up and tries to dispatch Barbara; in the scuffle, Barbara pulls off the assailant\'s mask, revealing Sol underneath. With all the primary players in the room, Sol reveals how he and Bootsie faked his death for him to escape outstanding mob debts he couldn\'t pay back and how he was forced to kill Bootsie to protect his secret. Tony then reveals he is really an FBI agent who\'s been heading a case investigation Angela\'s murder before arresting Sol. The children - finally understanding Barbara\'s motives and desperation - hug Barbara while Tony says he will destroy the evidence to protect her from an eventual prison stint and trip to the gas chamber. But Barbara tells them, as she walks to her waiting police escort outside, that by finally being herself, she will finally gain her freedom from living under her sister\'s shadow.'] ['Captain Dan Tracey and his two lieutenants are ordered to investigate trouble on the resort planet Clitoris, a pleasure world filled with shopping and gambling where, according to the "Articles of the Venus Convention", only women are allowed. A variety of problems are occurring on the planet; most notably, several important pieces of "Girlinium" have been stolen from the Empress Nueva Gabor. "Girlinium", as explained by the Empress, is a very rare gem found only in the caverns of the fourth moon of Girlina, a distant planet. It is used by the Empress to help the planet maintain its delicate orbit surrounding its sun. The stolen pieces must be found or the planet will fall into ruin as evidenced by increasingly violent earthquakes. The captain and his men, in order to remain undercover, become women via sex reversal pills and pose as showgirls from Earth performing a mid-twentieth century lounge act for the Empress\' annual off-world slumber party while investigating the crime. Synopsis of Vegas in Space'] ['Finding North tells the story of Rhonda , a bank teller who\'s depressed upon turning 30, and Travis , a gay man who\'s recently lost his lover to AIDS and grown suicidal. Travis receives an audio tape recorded by his lover, Bobby, before his death which sends him on a scavenger hunt of sorts to Bobby\'s home town in Texas. Through a series of mishaps, Rhonda ends up accompanying him on his journey. Together they follow Bobby\'s instructions as best they can, collecting items that represent Bobby\'s past, despite the many changes to the town in the years since Bobby left. Ultimately they end up at the gravesite Bobby\'s parents had prepared for him decades earlier. They bury the collected items at Bobby\'s instruction and together start to try "finding North" .'] ['Adrift tells the story of newlyweds Hai and Duyen. Duyen is a beautiful tourist guide, she decided to get married with Hai, a taxi driver who is two years younger than her. Duyen thinks the wedding would make her happy but it turns out more difficult, especially when Duyen realises the feeling she has with Cam, her close girlfriend. As a writer, Cam also keeps a complicated and unhappy relation with Tho, a man charged with sexual desire. The accidental meeting between Duyen and Tho uncovers the voids in the young woman and marks the beginning of a series of problems involving feelings of all that young characters.'] ['{{plot}} Paul "Wrecking" Crewe  is a former NFL player disgraced for shaving points in a big game. He gets in an argument with his rich girlfriend, Lena , regarding his failure. He locks her in a closet, gets drunk, and goes joyriding in her Bentley Continental GT through San Diego. After completely wrecking the car and disabling several police cruisers in the process, he gets arrested and convicted for grand theft auto and driving while intoxicated, and is sentenced to three years in Allenville Penitentiary in Texas. In prison, Warden Hazen  asks Crewe to help the prison guards\' football team. Crewe, under threat of an extra five years in prison for a falsified accusation of attacking Captain Knauer , decides to help him. He informs Hazen that what his team needs is a tune-up game. Hazen decides that Crewe, with the help of a fellow inmate, Caretaker , will make a team out of the inmates for them to play as their tune-up game. He starts off with a poorly organized team, before being noticed by another prisoner, former college football star and 1955 Heisman Trophy winner, Nate Scarborough , who decides to help him by coaching the team. Crewe, Nate and Caretaker find a rating system on the criminals . They all set out to find and recruit some five star inmates: linebacker "Battle" ; fullback Turley ; and at safety, Torres , a chain-smoking outsider. But after realizing their team is built on power and nastiness  and there is no offensive threats on the team, Crewe realizes he needs more players. Caretaker suggests that it is due to their lack of "brothers", as they only have one currently on their team: defensive lineman Switowski , a childlike and friendly, but large strongman. Crew approaches the black inmates, but one of them, Deacon Moss , says that none of them want to play on his team because of Crewe\'s point-shaving history. So Crewe challenges Deacon to a 1-on-1 basketball game where if Crewe wins, the men will join the team. They play basketball and call their own fouls, with Crewe getting physically punished during the game. Despite Crewe losing, one of the black inmates, Earl Megget , is impressed by Crewe\'s resilience and joins the team, which Deacon allows with no consequence. Megget becomes the team\'s running back by impressing Crewe with his running ability. After a tip from Unger  that Crewe and Meggett are the only real offensive threats on the team, Captain Knauer, the guards\' quarterback, decides that the guards should try to stop Megget by trying to get him to assault one of them and sticking him in solitary confinement. Three guards, Denham , Garner , and Engleheart  try to provoke Megget by using racial slurs and making him pick up books they dropped on the floor repeatedly. The guards give up on this after he withstands their harassment without being provoked. Witnessing this, Moss, "Cheeseburger" Eddy , and the rest of black inmates agree to join the football team. Hazen and the guards go to extreme lengths to stop Crewe\'s squad, even flooding their field, but the team overcomes these obstacles. Caretaker suggests that since the guards have been playing dirty, that the inmates should start acting more like criminals, such as swapping Engleheart\'s anabolic steroids for estrogen pills, examining x-rays of guards with broken bones, and acquiring tapes of the guards\' past games from Hazen\'s elderly secretary Lynette , in exchange for Crewe playing sexual games with her and Brucie  caught in love with a sissy called Miss Tucker  by camera CCTV. After watching both evidence videos to the dismay of both Crewe and Brucie, Scarborough plays the guards\' past games videos in order to examine the guards\' formation and explain it to his teammates. Unger secretly spies on the activities of the inmates who are watching a movie, and he immediately tells Guard Garner. To sabotage the inmates\' morale, the guards Garner, Engleheart, Holland, and Lambert have Unger plant a bomb in Crewe\'s cell during the inmates last practice. Crewe, deciding to stay with the team for their post-practice hype, doesn\'t notice Caretaker going to Crewe\'s cell to leave him a present. Unger, waiting for Crewe to enter his cell, doesn\'t notice Caretaker going into Crewe\'s cell. Caretaker places an old college picture of Crewe as a present on top of his radio. Caretaker hears the music that Unger used to provoke Crewe to change the channel, and he changes it, causing it to explode. Unger, still not knowing it was Caretaker, closes the cell door to keep any help from arriving. Crewe and Scarborough arrive too late and watch Caretaker burn to his death. At the funeral the next day, Crewe and the football team leave presents for Caretaker including a bible from Moss, "Cheeseburger" Eddy\'s Cheesburger, Caretaker\'s stopwatch and whistle from Scarborough, and a picture of his mother from Crewe that he showed him a few nights before. During game day, the inmates, now calling themselves "Mean Machine", with gear provided by the late Caretaker, overcome a rough start, and Crewe has to help the team realize that winning the game is more important than personal grudges. One of the referees is also corrupt, and Crewe has to force him to make fair calls by giving up two downs to throw the ball in his groin. The first half ends with the score tied. The angered Hazen informs Crewe that if he does not lose he will be framed for the murder of Caretaker. Crewe acquiesces to Hazen\'s threat. After the guards score touchdowns while inflicting punishment on the inmates, Crewe fakes an injury to leave the field. After seeing how the team fails in dismay, Crewe asks Skitchy if the time spent in jail for fighting with the warden was worth it. Skitchy replies, "Every goddamn minute," and Crewe returns to the field, but the other inmates, believing he has returned to his old point-shaving ways, ignore him and allow him to get tackled twice. After losing his helmet and still getting the first down, Crewe admits his sabotage to the other inmates, and asks for their forgiveness. United again as a team, the Mean Machine scores two touchdowns to cut the guards\' lead to 35-28, but Megget injures his knee. Scarborough comes in for one play as replacement and scores a touchdown off a trick play involving a fumble called a Fumblerooski. They decide to go for the two point conversion and the win. As they get up to the line they seem to be confused and Crewe and Coach start arguing in order to trick the guards. Moss gets the snap and passes it to Crewe, who scores the winning conversion. Knauer, with a newfound respect for Crewe, lets him know that he will testify that Crewe had nothing to do with Caretaker\'s death. Hazen admonishes Knauer for losing a fixed game and notices that Crewe is heading towards the exit along with the fans. Retrieving a sniper-rifle, he demands that Crewe be shot for attempting to escape. Knauer hesitates because of the numerous people near Crewe. Knauer sights up Crewe, but hesitates again, calling out Crewe\'s name to get him to stop. As it is revealed that Crewe is only picking up the game football and returning, Knauer angrily hands the rifle back to Hazen and leaves, while Crewe gives the game ball to Hazen, telling him to place it in his trophy case. Crewe and Scarborough walk back to the locker room and mention that they should deal with Unger, which subtly implies Unger could be killed for murdering Caretaker. Moss and Battle pour a cooler of Gatorade on Hazen in a mockery of a typical football game celebration. Hazen angrily shouts that they will receive a week in the hotbox. Battle yells back, "Who gives a shit!" In a cold ending, a disgruntled Hazen gets into his car and tells the driver to take him home, only to reveal that Miss Tucker snuck out of prison and took the place of his driver, saying to Hazen, "Now, is that anyway to talk to a lady?"'] ['After filming a porn video and being ripped off by the producer , India  meets a street hustler. Moments later they are attacked by a pair of gay bashers. They split up and run and the bashers pursue India in their Jeep. They stop short at the sight of India standing next to Destiny  a vigilante African American drag queen pointing a gun at them. Destiny vandalizes the Jeep and takes the coat from one of the bashers. Destiny invites the homeless India to live with her. There he meets Lester , a young lesbian and another of Destiny\'s "orphans." The next morning, upon learning that Destiny is a porn director India panics and plans to leave. He tells Destiny about being ripped off and she asks if he wants to kill the producer. He says yes, and that he wants to kill all straight people. India goes to the producer\'s home with a gun. He finds the producer and pulls the trigger, but the gun is not loaded. A few days later, as they discuss plans to foment the collapse of the straight world, Destiny, India and Lester meet Spencer , a graffiti artist and self-proclaimed "bomber," They immediately "adopt" him. After spending the night together, Spencer and India discover the basher\'s address inside his coat and decide they want to go bash him. As Destiny and her friend Matinee  socialize in Destiny\'s car, Officer Vic Damone  comes to warn them that the police are on the lookout for roving bands of vigilante drag queens and to watch out for themselves. Destiny  advises him that they\'re already always watching out for themselves. Spencer and India are approached on the street by a photographer. As the pair pose together nude on a bed, Spencer recites a litany of injuries he has received at the hands of his parents and other straights. India tries to comfort him but Spencer says he no longer has feelings and doesn\'t let anyone in. India vows to protect him from the straights. The next morning, on the way to the basher\'s house, India discovers a detonator in Spencer\'s backpack. Spencer tells him that he plans to blow up his parents. India tries to dissuade him but Spencer is not convinced that bombing straights isn\'t the way to go. India and Spencer spot the basher in his neighborhood and argue over whether they should bash him as Spencer wants or try to "save" him as India wants. India has adopted Destiny\'s theory, that all gay bashers are themselves repressed gays who need to be saved. India returns the basher\'s jacket. The basher, Guy , admits that he\'s gay. He packs his things and tells the other basher, his roommate Quentin  that he\'s gay, he loves him and believes Quentin loves him too. Quentin has a gun to his head, contemplating suicide, but is interrupted by his brother. Quentin angrily acknowledges that he is gay and drives away. Destiny tells Vic she\'s in love with him and Vic tells Destiny he\'s in love with her too. As Vic leaves for work, he passes India, Spencer and Guy with his gun pointed in their general direction. They confront Destiny about being involved with a cop, until Destiny realizes who Guy is and orders him out. India and Spencer threaten to leave with him, but Guy agrees to go. India appeals to Destiny and she relents. India and Spencer chase after him but can\'t find him. Meanwhile, Guy returnes to the apartment and apologizes for attacking them. Destiny accepts him and Lester nicknames him "Killer." India wants to make plans for the evening with Spencer but Spencer already has plans, to blow up his parents. India begs him not to go, saying that he won\'t come back from it. Destiny interrupts another gay bashing. The basher strikes her with a baseball bat and Destiny shoots him. Later, Vic comforts her and Destiny tells him he has to be careful around her kids. They all have "police stories." Quentin, in response to a message from Guy, arrives at Destiny\'s apartment, where he finds Guy in bed with India and Spencer. Quentin orders him to come away with him, giving him the choice of "straight or dead." The boys argue that Quentin is in love with Guy and Quentin breaks down, admitting how much in love with Guy he is. Quentin again points the gun at his own head but Guy stops him and they kiss. India appeals again to Spencer not to blow up his parents. He says that if Spencer really wants to kill them, he will help, but if Spencer really wants to blow them away, he will stay with India. "All we have to do is kiss, because when two guys kiss it\'s like a bomb going off in the straight world. Our kisses are louder than bombs." Spencer admits that he has fallen in love with India but is terrified because he\'s losing control. But he also feels safe, like he\'s home. India tells him that wherever they are, as long as they are together they\'re home. They kiss, and with each kiss they call out a target that their kiss has destroyed like a bomb, finally declaring that they will blow up the whole straight world.'] ['Antonio  is a curious fifteen-year-old boy who is beginning to come to terms with his own sexuality. Although his straight best friend, Mike , has been supportive of his coming out, his first sexual conquest has led to the destruction of his friendship with his other best buddy, Nathan . Antonio’s exploration of his identity unfolds as his family begins to break up. His altruistic mother, Tere  is in complete denial that his father has already abandoned them. Antonio temporarily shares his room with his uncle Jonbert . He sexually touches his uncle while the latter is sleeping. The next day Jonbert tells Antonio that he noticed what Antonio did, and enjoyed it. From then on they regularly masturbate each other and have oral sex. However, one day Jonbert wants to anally penetrate Antonio, and rapes him when he declines. His mother arrives and kills Jonbert.'] ['Shiner explores three relationships in which some form of abuse is not only involved but savored. The central story involves Tony and Danny, two friends whose relationship changes once Danny discovers that he becomes sexually satisfied when Tony physically abuses him. Another storyline involves Tim, an out of work boxer who is being stalked by Bob, a shy loner who still lives at home with his mother. Third is Reg and Linda, who discover their sex life improves when they hit each other during the act.'] ['The movie is set in a small Argentine town in south Patagonia. Lucas , a 16-year-old boy full of testosterone, plays in a punk rock band with his friend Nacho . When he meets a girl, Andrea , the three mutually engage in drug use and sexual exploration.{{cite website}}'] ['{{Unreferenced section}} Howie Blitzer  is deeply affected by the death of his mother in a car accident on the Long Island Expressway, a situation made worse by his relationship with his distant father Marty , who brought a trophy girlfriend into the house less than a month after his wife\'s death. Howie\'s only solace is the company of his best friend Gary Terrio ([[Billy Kay , a juvenile delinquent and hustler. Gary is attracted to Howie, but Howie is unsure of his own sexuality. They have two other friends their age, one of whom, Kevin , has an incestuous relationship with his sister. The four boys routinely break into neighborhood houses. One night, they break into the house of Big John Harrigan ([[Brian Cox  during his birthday party. Gary knows his way around the house; it is later revealed Big John is one of his steady clients. Big John discovers them, ripping a pocket off Howie\'s pants as they escape with a pair of valuable North Vietnamese pistols. John confronts Gary over the burglary and Gary names Howie as his accomplice. He approaches the boy at a diner, pretending that he knew his mother. He offers the boy a ride home and Howie is impressed that Big John happens to drive Howie\'s dream car. Once he has gained Howie\'s trust, however, he pulls out the torn pocket and demands that Howie return the guns. Howie gets only one gun back from Gary\'s room, and returns it. John wants $1000 compensation for the other gun and Howie offers to work for him to pay off the debt. John puts on a pornographic video, then sits down beside Howie. He starts to stroke the boy\'s thigh and says, "What have you got that\'s worth a thousand dollars?" Howie does not respond to his advances, and quickly leaves the house. When he returns home, Howie masturbates to a fantasy involving both John and the girl in the video. Gary then steals money from Howie\'s father and disappears to Los Angeles. This abandonment affects Howie and his confusion over his sexual identity worsens. John and Howie begin a tenuous friendship in which John becomes a kind of father figure to the boy. There is no sexual activity, but there is talk of sex. Howie realizes that he wields sexual power over John, something John is all too aware of. Howie stays over at John\'s house and John asks Scott, his 19-year-old lover, to go and stay in a motel for a few nights. Howie wanders round the house and discovers a stash of child pornography. Some are pictures of a younger Gary and others are of a blond 11-year-old boy, confirming that John is a pedophile. Scott  comes into the room and warns Howie not to take John from him. Meanwhile, Marty, whose fraudulent construction practices are unraveling, happens to see Howie playing hooky from school. He loses his temper and hits the boy. That same day, he is arrested for installing cheap wiring, and when Howie returns home to find him missing, believes his father has abandoned him. Later that evening he comes into John\'s bedroom wearing just his underpants, expecting John to sleep with him. When John tells Howie his father didn\'t abandon him, but is in jail, Howie breaks down and cries. John leaves him to sleep by himself. The next morning, John is all charm, fixing Howie breakfast and taking him to see his father in jail. Howie\'s father apologizes for hitting him, and promises to spend more time with him once he is out of prison. Howie is unconvinced, and merely tells his father never to hit him again. After dropping Howie off, John returns to the local rest area where young hustlers wait for johns, and sits in his car. Scott, devastated by John\'s abandonment, drives by and shoots him dead. In the final scene, Howie contemplates the expressway, vowing he won\'t let it get him too.'] ["Dorian realizes he is gay in his final year of high school. He meets another gay youth locally, but remains confused, and finally comes out to his brother, Nicky. Nicky is a scholarship-winning quarterback and favorite son to their heteronormative and argumentative father. Dorian starts therapy, then resorts to confession in the Church. When his therapist and the church politely avoid offering any real help, Dorian has his first intimate encounter with a local gay youth. Dorian goes back to Nick, who was at first reluctant to accept his brother's sexuality. Nick attempts to teach Dorian how to fight and arranges to have him spend a night with a prostitute in order to make him become straight; from these efforts Dorian gains only a concussion and lesson in dancing, respectively. After much soul-searching, Dorian comes out to his father  for which he is kicked out of the house after a very surreal argument over whether or not Dorian is gay. Dad is very preoccupied with who else may know of Dorian's defective nature although Nick confesses that he knows and an anticlimatic scene resolves with Dorian packing his bags. Dorian moves to New York City, a city he adores. Dorian expresses all kinds of angst over his life style, defending his true nature to his father over the Christmas holidays. Returning to New York, Dorian experiences a series of encounters with the darker side of homosexuality. Dorian finds a boyfriend, but he gets dumped after two months with no reason given. Dorian develops a deep depression and finally, in despair gives in to it, coincidental to Nicky visiting Dorian in the city. Nicky reluctantly joins Dorian with friends at Dorian's favorite local gay bar. Just as Dorian pleads with a friend to flaunt his newly found popularity, Nicky reunites with obsequious football friends—stealing Dorian's thunder. Dorian then learns his exboyfriend dumped him for another close friend. The after-discussion of the evening revolves around Nick defending his sexuality to Dorian in the face of Nick's football friends being gay and Dorian defending his own sexuality to his brother. Later that night, Dorian awakes to Nicky crying and learn that Nick was cut from the football team and was stripped of his scholarship. In the middle of the discussion, they both learn their father has died of a heart attack. At the funeral, Dorian's mother, finally freed of the overbearing influence of Dorians father, tells Dorian she regrets not stopping his father from being angry with him."] ["Shane O'Shea  is a young Jersey man, handsome enough to become a bartender at Studio 54. There he befriends aspiring singer Anita  and her husband, Greg Randazzo . Shane gets sucked into the hard-partying scene at Studio 54; as his life spirals downward, so does Studio 54."] ['The film deals with the relationships among four men in a Japanese prisoner of war camp during the Second World War &mdash; Major Jack Celliers , a rebellious prisoner with a guilty secret from his youth; Captain Yonoi , the young camp commandant; Lieutenant Colonel John Lawrence , a British officer who has lived in Japan and speaks Japanese fluently; and Sergeant Hara  who is seemingly brutal and yet humane in some ways and with whom Lawrence develops a peculiar friendship. Like Celliers, Yonoi, too, is tormented by guilt. Having been posted to Manchuria previously, he was unable to be in Tokyo with his Army comrades, the "Shining Young Officers" of Japan\'s February 26 Incident, a 1936 military coup d\'état. When the coup fails, the young army officers are executed. Yonoi regrets not being able to share their patriotic sacrifice. Jack Celliers had betrayed his younger brother while the two of them were attending boarding school. Although Celliers confesses this only to Lawrence, Captain Yonoi senses in Celliers a kindred spirit. He wants to replace the British camp commandant Group Captain Hicksley with Celliers as spokesman for the prisoners. The taboo of homosexuality, especially harsh in an otherwise ultranationalist and traditional environment, is suggested throughout the film. A Korean soldier is condemned to commit seppuku after being caught in an "improper" relationship with one of the Dutch prisoners. As the execution is carried out, the Dutch prisoner, who is forced to watch it along with the rest of the prisoners and the Japanese officials as well, bites his tongue and then dies of suffocation himself. Captain Yonoi is enraged when he sees the prisoners behaving in what he sees as a cowardly way for not wanting to witness the death. As Celliers is interned in the camp, Yonoi seems to develop a homoerotic fixation with him, often asking Hara about him, silently visiting him in the small hours when Celliers is confined. However, later on, Yonoi becomes enraged by Celliers\' behaviour and has him and Lawrence thrown into the punishment cells under the charge of possessing a wireless. Celliers, who is known by the nickname of "Strafer" Jack , instigates a small number of rebellious actions, one of which is supplying the men with food after their rations have been suspended for two days for their actions during the seppuku, which Yonoi deems as "spiritually lazy." Yonoi\'s batman suspects the mental hold that Celliers has on Yonoi so he tries to kill Celliers but fails in the attempt. Celliers manages to escape his cell and rescues Lawrence, only to be thwarted by Yonoi unexpectedly. Yonoi challenges Celliers to single combat saying "If you defeat me, you will be free" but Celliers refuses. Yonoi\'s batman then commits seppuku in atonement after urging Yonoi to kill Celliers before Celliers can destroy Yonoi. It is Christmas Eve and Sgt Hara is drinking heavily and orders both Celliers and Lawrence to be brought to him. Hara then advises them that he is playing "Santa Claus" and is ordering their release because a prisoner confesses having the radio. He then calls out in English for the first time "Merry Christmas Lawrence." Sgt Hara is later reprimanded by Yonoi for exceeding his authority. The whole camp is paraded on Yonoi\'s order. All prisoners are prompted to form lines outside the barracks, including sick and moribund ones. The climax of the film is reached when Yonoi is ready to kill the POW\'s commander for not having all the men present for parade. Celliers breaks the rank and walks decidedly in Yonoi\'s direction, between him and the man about to be executed and ends up resolutely kissing him in the cheek with a straight face. This is an unbearable offence to Yonoi\'s bushido honor code; he reaches out for his katana against Celliers, only to collapse under the conflicting feelings of vindicating himself from the offence suffered in front of his troops and his own feelings for Celliers. Celliers is then attacked and beaten up by the Japanese soldiers. Captain Yonoi himself is then redeployed and his successor who declares that "he is not as sentimental as Captain Yonoi" immediately has Celliers buried in the ground up to his neck as a means of punishment and then left to die. Captain Yonoi goes to Celliers when there is no one around and cuts a lock of hair. He then pays his respects and leaves. Four years later, Lawrence visits Sergeant Hara, who has now been imprisoned by the Allied forces. Hara has learned to speak English whilst in captivity. He also reveals that he is going to be executed the next day for war crimes. Lawrence tells him that Yonoi had given him a lock of Celliers hair and told him to take it to his village in Japan and dedicate it in a shrine. Hara reminisces about Celliers and Yonoi. We find out that Yonoi himself was killed just before the war ended. Hara recalls that Christmas Eve and both are very much amused. The two bid each other farewell for the last time. Just before Lawrence leaves, Hara calls out again, "Merry Christmas! Merry Christmas, Mr Lawrence."'] ['The film is presented in two parts, separated by an intermission.  In 1935, T. E. Lawrence  is killed in a motorcycle accident. At his memorial service at St Paul\'s Cathedral, reporters try to gain insights into this remarkable, enigmatic man from those who knew him, with little success. During the First World War, Lawrence is a misfit British Army lieutenant stationed in Cairo, notable for his insolence and knowledge of the Bedouin. Over the objections of General Murray , he is sent by Mr. Dryden  of the Arab Bureau to assess the prospects of Prince Faisal  in his revolt against the Turks. On the journey, his Bedouin guide is killed by Sherif Ali  for drinking from a well without permission. Lawrence later meets Colonel Brighton , who orders him to keep quiet, make his assessment of Faisal\'s camp, and leave. Lawrence promptly ignores Brighton\'s commands when he meets Faisal. His knowledge and outspokenness pique the Prince\'s interest. Brighton advises Faisal to retreat after a major defeat, but Lawrence proposes a daring surprise attack on Aqaba which, if successful, would provide a port from which the British could offload much-needed supplies. While strongly fortified against a naval assault, the town is lightly defended on the landward side. He convinces Faisal to provide fifty men, led by a sceptical Sherif Ali. Two teenage orphans, Daud  and Farraj , attach themselves to Lawrence as his servants. They cross the Nefud Desert, considered impassable even by the Bedouins, travelling day and night on the last stage to reach water. Gasim  succumbs to fatigue and falls off his camel unnoticed during the night. The rest make it to an oasis, but Lawrence turns back for the lost man, risking his own life and winning over Sherif Ali after saving Gasim. Lawrence persuades Auda abu Tayi , the leader of the powerful local Howeitat tribe, to turn against the Turks. Lawrence\'s plan is almost derailed when one of Ali\'s men kills one of Auda\'s because of a blood feud. Since Howeitat retaliation would shatter the fragile alliance, Lawrence declares that he will execute the murderer himself. Stunned to discover that the culprit is Gasim, he shoots him anyway. The next morning, the intact alliance overruns the Turkish garrison. Lawrence heads to Cairo to inform Dryden and the new commander, General Allenby , of his victory. During the crossing of the Sinai Desert, Daud dies when he stumbles into quicksand. Lawrence is promoted to major and given arms and money to support the Arabs. He is deeply disturbed, confessing that he enjoyed executing Gasim, but Allenby brushes aside his qualms. He asks Allenby whether there is any basis for the Arabs\' suspicions that the British have designs on Arabia. Pressed, the general states they have no such designs.  Lawrence launches a guerrilla war, blowing up trains and harassing the Turks at every turn. American war correspondent Jackson Bentley ([[Arthur Kennedy  publicizes his exploits, making him world famous. On one raid, Farraj is badly injured. Unwilling to leave him to be tortured, Lawrence is forced to shoot him before fleeing. When Lawrence scouts the enemy-held city of Daraa with Ali, he is taken, along with several Arab residents, to the Turkish Bey . Lawrence is stripped, ogled and prodded. For striking out at the Bey, he is severely flogged, then thrown out into the street. Lawrence is so traumatized by the experience that he abandons all of his exploits, going from having proclaimed himself a god, to insisting he is merely a man. He attempts to return to the British forces and swear off the desert, but he never fits in there. In Jerusalem, Allenby urges him to support his "big push" on Damascus, but Lawrence is a changed, tormented man, unwilling to return. After Allenby insists that Lawrence has a destiny, he finally relents. Lawrence naively believes that the warriors will come for him rather than for money. He recruits an army, mainly killers, mercenaries, and cutthroats motivated by money, rather than the Arab cause. They sight a column of retreating Turkish soldiers who have just slaughtered the people of Tafas. One of Lawrence\'s men from the village demands, "No prisoners!" When Lawrence hesitates, the man charges the Turks alone and is killed. Lawrence takes up the dead man\'s cry, resulting in a massacre in which Lawrence himself participates with relish. Afterward, he realizes the horrible consequences of what he has done. His men then take Damascus ahead of Allenby\'s forces. The Arabs set up a council to administer the city, but they are desert tribesmen, ill-suited for such a task. The various tribes argue among themselves and in spite of Lawrence\'s insistence, cannot unite against the English, who in the end take the city back under their bureaucracy. Unable to maintain the utilities and bickering constantly with each other, they soon abandon most of the city to the British. Promoted to colonel and immediately ordered home, his usefulness at an end to both Faisal and the British diplomats, a dejected Lawrence is driven away in a staff car.'] ["The film is based on the life of Alexander the Great, King of Macedon, who conquered Asia Minor, Egypt, Persia and part of Ancient India. Shown are some of the key moments of Alexander's youth, his invasion of the mighty Persian Empire and his death. It also outlines his early life, including his difficult relationship with his father Philip II of Macedon, his strained feeling towards his mother Olympias, the unification of the Greek city-states and the two Greek Kingdoms  under the Hellenic League,Bowra, C.M., [1957] , The Greek Experience, London: Phoenix, Orion Books Ltd, ISBN 1-85799-122-2, p. 9. and the conquest of the Persian Empire in 331 BC. It also details his plans to reform his empire and the attempts he made to reach the end of the then known world. The story begins 40 years after 323 BC, around 283 BC, with Ptolemy I Soter, who narrates throughout the film. We see Alexander's daily life and the strained relationship between his parents. Alexander grows up with his mother Olympias and his tutor Aristotle, where he finds interest in love, honour, music, exploration, poetry and military combat. His relationship with his father is destroyed when Philip marries Attalus's niece, Eurydice. After Philip is assassinated, Alexander becomes king of Macedonia. Having briefly mentioned his punitive razing of Thebes and burning of Persepolis, Ptolemy gives an overview of Alexander's west-Persian campaign, including his being declared as the son of Zeus by the Oracle of Amun at Siwa Oasis, his great battle against the Persian Emperor Darius III in the Battle of Gaugamela and his eight-year campaign across Asia. Also shown are Alexander's private relationships with his childhood friend Hephaestion and later his wife Roxana. Hephaestion compares Alexander to Achilles, to which Alexander replies that, if he is Achilles, Hephaestion must be his Patroclus . When Hephaestion mentions that Patroclus died first, Alexander pledges that, if Hephaestion should die first, he will follow him into the afterlife. Hephaestion shows extensive jealousy when he sees Alexander with Roxana and deep sadness when he marries her, going so far as to attempt to keep her away from him after Alexander murders Cleitus the Black in India. After initial objection from his soldiers, Alexander convinces them to join him into his final and bloodiest battle, The Battle of Hydaspes. He is severely injured with an arrow but survives and is celebrated. Later on, Hephaestion succumbs to an unknown illness either by chance or perhaps poison, speculated in the movie to be Typhus carried with him from India. Alexander, full of grief and anger, distances himself from his wife, despite her pregnancy, believing that she has killed Hephaestion. He dies less than three months after Hephaestion, in the same manner, keeping his promise that he would follow him."] ["Elvira , an attractive but insecure twenty something, joins her sisters Jimena  and Sol  at their mother's house. As they prepare to celebrate their mother Sofía's birthday, their mother —a divorced concert pianist—announces that she's fallen in love, but is interrupted by the doorbell as she describes her new partner. While she goes to get the door, the three sisters gleefully speculate about her new boyfriend. Their joy suddenly gives way to shock though when their mother returns with Eliska , and they realize that their mother is a lesbian. The girls handle the shock in different ways. Elvira confides in her shrink Mazo while Sol composes a song about her mother and her lesbian relationship for her band. While Jimena herself doesn't act out in the same way, her husband is concerned about how his mother-in-law's sexuality affects his image at work. When the girls find out that their mother has given the much younger Eliska a significant amount of money, they become suspicious of Eliska and plot to find a way to get their mother to break up with her."] ['Treasure Lee  learns that her biological mother Brownie  is incarcerated in an adult prison, so she purposely gets into trouble in order to be transferred from a juvenile facility to an adult women\'s facility in order to meet her. In the new prison, she reunites with an old friend Shadow . She meets new inmates, such as Leisha , an aspiring rapper, and Doodle , a religious, homophobic woman who is involved with a male correctional officer. When Treasure asks about Brownie, Leisha responds, "I\'m about getting up out of here. I ain\'t about no Brownie." Later, Shadow points Brownie out to her on the basketball court. Brownie knocks a player down, injuring her, and demands that another person take her place. Treasure volunteers for the position. Back in the cells, Treasure approaches Brownie around her "prison family." She pulls out a photo of a woman and says to Brownie that she is her mother and her reason for being in prison. Brownie\'s "daughters" protest that the photograph is not of Brownie. Brownie asks the daughters to leave and yells at Treasure, stating it is her own fault she is in jail. Treasure is playing cards with Leisha and Shadow when she begins flirting with an inmate named Sugar . Kit , Brownie\'s main daughter, chides the woman for not meeting her in the chapel for their usual sexual relations. A fight breaks out between Treasure and Kit that results in both being placed in solitary confinement. While confined, Brownie speaks through a wall telling Treasure that they should meet once she is released. Once back in the general population, Brownie meets with Treasure alone and states that she did not know about her because she was taken away at birth. She admits, "I failed you." Treasure cries on her shoulder. As Treasure becomes a part of Brownie\'s prison family, Kit informs her that Brownie taught her how to survive in prison and demands that she sells drugs. Later, Brownie shoves a fork into Kit\'s thigh when Kit fails to bring in a certain amount of money from selling drugs. Meanwhile, Leisha is released from prison and Shadow admits that she wished she had never told Treasure about Brownie. Brownie tattoos the same ankh she has on Treasure\'s arm. Treasure suggested that she should be reassigned cells to be closer to the family and Brownie does nothing to make that happen. However, when Brownie eats food made by Treasure\'s new Asian cellmate , she proposes that the new inmate should live near her. Brownie mocks Kit when she sees Kit reading Nazi literature. Kit responds, "I am not jealous of you and Treasure because I know Brownie just cares about Brownie." Brownie then kicks her out of the prison family. In a later scene, a ranting Brownie grabs Treasure and comes close to maiming her with broken glass. Brownie approaches Treasure in the kitchen area where Treasure shows her obvious irritation with Brownie. Brownie tries to persuade Treasure that she needs to kill Kit, who now associates with a female neo-Nazi gang. On the basketball court, Brownie slides a shank to Treasure. Treasure demands to play one-on-one basketball with Kit. Instead of playing, they immediately begin fighting. Treasure beats Kit badly but does not use the shank on her. Brownie pulls her to the side and demands that she kill Kit. As the two women leave their huddle, Kit approaches Brownie and puts a shank deep in her neck. All the inmates fall to the ground as correctional officers run out onto the court. In a medical waiting area, Treasure sees Leisha, who is now in a wheelchair. Leisha, in a drowsy voice, states that the police caught her with drug paraphernalia again. When a medical worker calls Treasure\'s name, she dismisses her for not having matching blood. Treasure grabs the woman by the arm and demands to donate blood. A female correctional officer approaches the two and demands to read the file. The file reveals that Brownie is not Treasure\'s mother, but instead the woman who killed Treasure\'s mother. The warden  has a meeting with Treasure in her office, and says that she sympathizes with her. She offers to transfer Treasure if she will admit that Brownie and a male correctional officer have been working together to bring drugs to inmates.'] ['Guy Stone  is blissfully closeted, picking up tricks for one-night-stands, while capturing the country\'s heart as "America\'s most eligible bachelor" . However, Guy\'s carefully managed façade collapses when he comes up for the lead in S.R.O. studio\'s version of Ben-Hur. Things turn sour for the film idol when a fellow actor, Freddie Stevens  , decides to steal the lead in Ben-Hur from Guy by taking a picture of Guy exiting a gay bar. Freddie plans to out Guy to the world and ruin his career. Jerry , Guy\'s repressed lesbian ball-bustingly ambitious agent, connives to cover up the impending outing and ensure Guy the role in Ben-Hur by marrying her client off with great fanfare to the studio head\'s secretary, Sally , who just happens to also be a slavishly devoted Guy Stone fan. However, Sally isn\'t aware the marriage is a sham. To avoid his adoring new bride as much as possible, Guy has Jerry sign him onto the next available film, which turns out to be \'Blood Mine\' — a disastrously arch pro-union film about the corrupt goings on at a coal mine . The studio head, in fear of the red-baiting going on in Hollywood at the time, decides — true to Hollywood stereotype — rather than stop production on the film to instead water down the pro-union content wherever possible. The young, idealistic, and terribly handsome writer of the novel that the film is based on, Rick Foster, quickly gets roped into convoluting the plot of this already-bad adaptation of his heartfelt book largely because of a chance meeting between him and the film\'s star, Guy. The attraction the two men feel for one another is instantaneous and propels the rest of the plot forward.'] ["* 1971: Arnold , a New York female impersonator, meets Ed , a bisexual schoolteacher, and they fall in love. Ed, however, is uncomfortable with his sexuality and he leaves Arnold for a girlfriend, Laurel. * 1973-79: During Christmas, Arnold meets the love of his life, a male model named Alan . They settle down together, later spending a weekend with Ed and Laurel in the country, where their relationship is tested but endures. Eventually, they apply to foster a child together with a view to adoption, and their application is eventually successful and so they move to a bigger apartment. However, on their first night at their new home, Alan is killed in a homophobic attack. * 1980: Months later, in the spring of 1980, Arnold's mother  comes to visit from Florida, but her visit leads to a long-overdue confrontation. Arnold's mother disapproves of Arnold's homosexuality and his planned adoption of a gay teenage son, David , as well as Arnold's use of their family burial plot for Alan. They have a series of arguments where Arnold demands that she accept him for who he is, insisting that if she can't then she has no place in his life. The following morning, before she returns to Florida, they have a conversation where, for the first time, they seem to understand each other. With both David and Ed  in his life, and a successful new career creating his own stage revue, Arnold's life is finally complete."] ["The film follows Quentin Crisp’s move in the late 1970s from London to New York, where he was embraced by celebrities and artists.<ref namehttp://www.variety.com/article/VR1117990954.html?categoryid1|authorCynthia Nixon joins 'Englishman'|work22 August 2008|accessdate http://web.archive.org/web/20080917074849/http://www.variety.com/article/VR1117990954.html?categoryid1| archivedate no}}"] ["Jill Banford and Ellen March struggle to support themselves by raising chickens on an isolated farm in rural Canada. Dependent Jill tends to household chores and finances while the self-sufficient Ellen deals with heavier work, such as chopping wood, repairing fences, and stalking the fox that keeps raiding their coops, although she is hesitant about killing it. Jill seems content with their secluded existence, but the frustrated Ellen is less enchanted by the solitude. In the dead of winter, merchant seaman Paul Grenfel arrives in search of his grandfather, the now-deceased former owner of the farm. With nowhere else to go while on leave, he persuades the women to allow him to stay with them in exchange for helping with the work. Tension among the three slowly escalates when his attentions to Ellen arouse Jill's resentment and jealousy. Eventually Paul tracks and kills the fox. Just before his departure, he makes love to Ellen and asks her to leave with him, but she confesses she would feel guilty about abandoning Jill. After Paul returns to his ship, the women resume their regular routine. Paul returns unexpectedly while the two are chopping down a dying oak. He offers to complete the job and warns Jill to move away from the tree's potential path as it falls, but she refuses to listen and is killed when it crashes on her. Ellen sells the farm and she and Paul set off to start a new life together."] ["{{Plot}} It's the night before Halloween. A gay couple out on a date are making out in a car when a bare-chested killer in a devil mask suddenly appears and decapitates them with a sickle. The next day, Halloween, finds Eddie  at his job as a police technician talking with his police officer sister. He's asked to distribute flyers about the murders in heavily gay-populated West Hollywood. He dresses in his father's old police uniform for a Halloween costume. While distributing the flyers he meets Jake , who rides a motorcycle, in a tattoo shop. Eddie meets up with his roommates, Chaz , Joey  and Tobey  and they head for the West Hollywood Halloween Carnival. Chaz insists they visit the murder scene and, as they walk through the woods, the devil-masked killer appears. They think he's cruising them and they taunt him. At the Carnival, Eddie spots Jake going into a bar called the Meat Locker and his group goes in as well. Inside, Joey sees Jared, who he's had a crush on for weeks, and offers his phone number but is dismissed. Crestfallen, Joey goes to the restroom with Chaz. Chaz consoles him then goes to wait for him outside. Jared catches up with Joey in the restroom and apologizes. They kiss and Jared leaves. A few moments later, the killer emerges from a stall and decapitates Joey, taking his head as a trophy. Chaz meets back up with Eddie, Jake and Tobey. Eddie and Jake head back to the Meat Locker. Chaz goes into another club. There the killer catches up with him on the dance floor, slashing his torso and removing his head while the crowd dances on, oblivious. Tobey, drunk and angry that no one's hitting on him while he's in his Halloween drag, spots the killer, who's still carrying Joey and Chaz's heads in trick or treat bags. Tobey pursues the killer, who also dismisses him. Tobey tosses his driver's license at the killer, who picks it up. When Tobey partially removes his drag, the killer returns and collects his head. Eddie and Jake arrive back at the Meat Locker but it's been closed following the discovery of Joey's body . Jake hops a fence to retrieve his motorcycle. Eddie goes after him but Jake's circled around and is back outside. Suddenly the killer appears behind Eddie and swings his sickle, but misses. Jake starts to scale the fence but the killer forces him back. Eddie runs and the killer follows. Eddie locks himself in a small enclosure. The killer strikes at him again and the tip of his blade scrapes Eddie's eye. Jake arrives with a cop and the killer takes off. Eddie and Jake give their statements at police headquarters and Jake learns that Eddie's eye is artificial. They go back to Eddie's place and start having sex, although Jake will not let Eddie kiss him. Jake finds Tobey's license on the floor of Eddie's room with blood on it, but does not understand the significance. Jake handcuffs Eddie to his bed and goes in search of condoms. As he's returning, the killer stabs him and leaves him for dead. Eddie hears the struggle and calls out. As the killer approaches and Eddie struggles with the cuffs, Jake hits the killer from behind with a baseball bat. Eddie slips a hand out of the cuffs, tends to Jake's wound and heads off to call an ambulance, but the killer revives and disables the phone. Eddie runs to the kitchen. He finds a knife but also finds the heads of Joey, Chaz and Tobey. The killer attacks again. Eddie evades him and retreats to his bedroom. As the killer chops at the door, Eddie retrieves his father's gun and some bullets. He gets Jake out onto the fire escape and loads the gun. The killer attacks Eddie yet again, this time sucking Eddie's artificial eye right out of his head and knocking him over a railing. With Eddie dangling from the fire escape the killer returns to Jake. Eddie retrieves the gun and fires, first hitting Jake and then hitting the killer square in the forehead. As they wait for help to arrive Jake at last kisses Eddie. Jake is packed off to the hospital and Eddie promises to be there when he wakes up. Eddie's sister gloats over the fallen killer, but Eddie realizes that he's still alive. In the final moment, the killer opens his eyes and bares his teeth, disclosing that he still has Eddie's artificial eye clenched in his jaws."] ["The film deals with the myriad complications arising from Venla's  desire to have a child. Her longtime boyfriend Antero  is reluctant, fearing that fatherhood will imperil his last chance to succeed in his speed skating career and by seeing his friend go through fatherhood. Antero does some extreme things to avoid getting Velna pregnant and she begins to be equally devious in her attempts to conceive. Venla seeks help from her bisexual co-worker at a fertility clinic and the relationship between the two begins to blossom amongst many setbacks."] ["The film opens with Oscar Wilde's 1882 visit to Leadville, Colorado during his lecture tour of the United States. Despite his flamboyant personality and urbane wit, he proves to be a success with the local silver miners as he regales them with tales of Renaissance silversmith Benvenuto Cellini. Wilde returns to London and weds Constance Lloyd , and they have two sons in quick succession. While their second child is still an infant, the couple hosts a young Canadian named Robbie Ross , who seduces Wilde and helps him come to terms with his homosexuality. On the opening night of his play Lady Windermere's Fan, Oscar is re-introduced to the dashingly handsome and openly foppish poet Lord Alfred Douglas , whom he had met briefly the year before, and the two fall into a passionate and tempestuous relationship. Hedonistic Alfred is not content to remain monogamous and frequently engages in sexual activity with rent boys while his older lover plays the role of voyeur. Alfred's father, the Marquess of Queensberry , objects to his son's relationship with Oscar and demeans the playwright shortly after the opening of The Importance of Being Earnest. When Oscar sues the Marquess for criminal libel against him, his homosexuality is publicly exposed; he is eventually tried for gross indecency and sentenced to two years' hard labour. In prison, he is visited by his wife, who tells him she isn't divorcing him but is taking their sons to Germany and that he is welcome to visit as long as he never sees Douglas again. Oscar is released from prison and goes straight into exile to continental Europe. In spite of the advice or objections of others, he eventually meets with Alfred. Throughout the film, portions of the well-loved Wilde story The Selfish Giant are woven in, first by Wilde telling the story to his children, then as narrator, finishing the story as the film ends."] 