["After solving the Luna Ghost mystery, constant arguments among the members of Mystery, Inc. cause the gang to go their separate ways. Two years later, Shaggy Rogers and Scooby-Doo are approached to solve the mystery of the popular horror resort Spooky Island, reuniting with Fred Jones, Velma Dinkley and Daphne Blake, although none of the latter are thrilled to see each other. On the island, the gang meets Emile Mondavarious, the park's owner, who explains his theory that visitors are being cursed. Shaggy falls in love with a girl named Mary Jane, while Scooby is mysteriously targeted by demonic creatures. Velma meets a man named N'Goo Tuana and his minion, the famous luchador Zarkos, who explains that demons rule the island. The gang visits the island's abandoned ghost castle, where Daphne finds a tetrahedron-shaped artifact called the Daemon Ritus and Velma and Fred find a strange classroom with videos designed to address non-humans. When the gang returns to the hotel, they are attacked by the island demons, who kidnap numerous tourists including Fred, Velma and Mondavarious. The next day, Daphne is captured by Zarkos, while Shaggy and Scooby discover Fred, Velma and the tourists are now possessed by the demons. The two flee with Mary Jane, until Scooby realizes she is possessed as well. In the midst of an argument between Scooby and Shaggy, Scooby falls down a hole, followed by Shaggy, who dives in to save him. Shaggy comes across a vat containing the protoplasmic souls of everyone who was captured, including the rest of the gang, and releases the gangs' souls to their bodies. Velma discovers the demons are destroyed in sunlight, while Daphne and Fred's souls end up in the wrong bodies. Shaggy steals the Daemon Ritus and reunites with the gang after their souls correct themselves. Coming across Voodoo Maestro, the gang learns that if the leader of the demons absorbs a pure soul through the Daemon Ritus, then the demons shall rule the world for the next 10,000 years. The pure soul belongs to Scooby, while the demons' leader is Mondavarious. The gang puts their differences aside and finally work together to save Scooby. They form a plan but it fails and Scooby's soul is extracted. Scooby is saved by Shaggy, wounding Mondavarious in the attempt. Fred and Velma discover he is actually a robot, controlled by none other than Scrappy Doo, who the gang abandoned years ago due to his egotism. Now vengeful, Scrappy transforms into a demon to destroy the gang and rule the world using the tourists' souls he absorbed. Daphne fights Zarkos above the island's caves, knocking him through the roof, which exposes the demons to sunlight and kills them. Shaggy attacks Scrappy and rips the Daemon Ritus from his chest, freeing the souls and reverting Scrappy to his original self. Shaggy finds the real Mondavarious trapped in a hole and frees him. Scrappy and his minions are arrested, while Mystery, Inc. is reunited to continue solving mysteries."] ['The film depicts the construction and ultimate demolition of a metaphorical wall; alienation. Pink, the protagonist  of the film, is a rock star, one of several reasons behind his apparent depressive and detached emotional state. He is first seen in a quiet hotel room, having trashed it. The opening music is not by Pink Floyd, but is the Vera Lynn recording of "The Little Boy that Santa Claus Forgot".{{Cite book}} During the following scenes, it is revealed that Pink\'s father, a British soldier, was killed in action in the course of World War II in Pink\'s infancy, a reference to the death of Roger Waters\' real-life father, Eric Fletcher Waters, in combat in Italy during Operation Shingle  in February 1944. The film then flashes back to Pink as a young English boy growing up in the early 1950s. Throughout his childhood, Pink longs for a father figure after he learns his father died in the war. At school, he is humiliated for writing poems in class. The poems that the teacher seizes from him and reads aloud are lyrics from "Money" from The Dark Side of the Moon. After the teacher reads the poem out loud, Pink starts hallucinating the music video of "Another Brick in the Wall". Pink is also affected by his overprotective mother. He eventually gets married, but he and his wife grow apart and she has an affair while Pink is on tour. When Pink learns of the affair, he compensates with expensive materialistic possessions and turns to a willing groupie, whom he brings back to his hotel room only to trash it in a fit of violence, causing the groupie to flee in terror. Pink slowly begins to lose his mind to metaphorical "worms". He shaves off all of his body hair and his eyebrows (an incident inspired by former bandmate Syd Barrett, who appeared at a 1975 recording session of [[Wish You Were Here  and, while watching The Dam Busters on television, morphs into his neo-Nazi alter-ego. Pink\'s manager, along with the hotel manager and some paramedics, discover Pink and inject him with drugs to enable him to perform. The drugs cause Pink to hallucinate and he fantasises that he is a dictator and his concert a neo-Nazi rally. His followers proceed to attack ethnic minorities, and Pink holds a rally in suburban London, singing "Waiting for the Worms". The scene is intercut with images of animated marching hammers that goose-step across ruins. Pink screams "Stop!" and takes refuge in a bathroom stall at the concert venue, reciting poems which would later be used as lyrics on Pink Floyd\'s "Your Possible Pasts" from The Final Cut album and "5:11 AM " from Roger Waters\' The Pros and Cons of Hitch Hiking. In an animated sequence, Pink puts himself on trial. He is depicted as a small, pink rag doll that rarely moves. The film concludes with several children cleaning up a pile of debris after an earlier riot, with a freeze-frame on one of the children emptying a Molotov cocktail lasting until the credits.'] 