['{{plot}} Mahadevan ([[Mukesh , Govindan Kutty ([[Siddique , Appukuttan  and Thomas Kutty ([[Ashokan  are four young men who live in the town \'Harihar Nagar\'. The movie starts with an incident which take place in Bombay, where a briefcase is carried by a man and given to another man, and that man gives it to another man. The \'third\' man is being followed by another two men who want the briefcase. The man calls a taxi and goes off, thinking that he is safe. But then the taxi stops at an isolated place, the driver shoots the man, and takes the money. In the next scene the foursome are then shown, with the song "unnam marannu thenni paranna". A lady whose name is "Maya" , along with her grandparents are Mahadevan\'s new neighbour. Appukkuttan gives this news to the other three and they disappear to Mahadevan\'s house, to see her. The foursome try to impress her during which they find her posting a letter. They bribe the postman and manage to get that letter. Through the letter they come to know that Maya is at the town to know more about the murder of her brother - Sedu Madhavan . The foursome follow Maya to a library and find a man tampering with a bike. Thinking it to be Maya\'s bike, they beat up the man to impress her however she doesn\'t notice them and goes her way. Maya visits the house of Andrews ([[Saikumar  - friend of Sedu Madhavan. She requests Androse\'s mother - Ammachi  to contact her if she gets any information about her brother. The foursome meet Ammachi as Sedu\'s friends. They manage to get Sedu\'s photo by telling that they want it for the colony\'s sport\'s club. Maya gets this info from Ammachi and meet then. She believes them to be Sedu\'s friends after seeing his photo at their house. The foursome make a story about an affair of Sedu and another girl. Hearing this news about them being the friends of Sedu Madhavan,they are kidnapped by John Honai, who wants a \'briefcase\'.Maya was in search of her brother\'s girlfriend and she finds details of "Rekha", who was close to her brother from the library. The back story of Sedu is said when she questions rekha about Sedu. Androse\'s father was a businessman who was killed by John Honai\'s father and he build a business empire with the money taken from Androse\'s father. Androse creates trouble in that business to take revenge. Honai\'s father then sells all his assets and try to run away with that money in the \'briefcase\'. Androse was the taxi driver who shot him as shown in the first scene. He gives that briefcase to Sedu Madhavan but gets killed soon after. Sedu comes to Harihar Nagar to give this money to Ammachi but when he gets to know that Ammachi is ignorant of Androse\'s death and is still waiting for him, he gives it to \'Rekha\'who is Androse\'s girlfriend. Foursome escape from Honai, and are on run followed by Honai\'s men when they meet another set of goons led by the man they had beaten up near the library.They escape, leaving Honai\'s gang and the other man\'s gang to fight with each other. Then Maya and her grandparents are caught by Honai but foursome rescue them. Ammachi comes to know about Androse\'s death from Rekha who gives her the briefcase. Honai comes to her house to get the briefcase. The cooking gas was left on when Honai enters the home, and he is killed when he switches on a lighter. Maya is packing her things to leave Hariharnagar. She meets the foursome before leaving and hands them a briefcase as a gift. When her car leaves, the briefcase opens and the money, jewellary, everything falls out. She shouts from the car that it is for them. They become happy, and the film ends.'] ['The film is a typical family entertainer with ample doses of sentiments, tears and humour - all ingredients vital to keep viewers glued to their seats. Add a dash of student politics, campus violence and an inter-religious marriage, and the perfect recipe is ready. It is to the director\'s credit that he has used an age-old formula and made a taut film that does not put the audience to sleep. The story of "Amrutham" is about two brothers, Gopi  and Dinesh . Gopi is a farmer who works hard to give his brother a good education after their father  deserts them when Dinesh is just a child. Dinesh, now a final-year degree student, is involved with the daughter of the local teashop-owner played by Bhavana.Dinesh is also involved in college politics. On the other hand, Gopi is involved with a Muslim girl Sainaba . All hell breaks loose when Gopi marries Sainaba and brings her home. The natural treatment given to the theme ultimately wins the day for this film. There is no excessive use of melodrama, which tends to ruin this kind of story. The relationships are handled deftly. Nothing seems to be over the top or out of place. The performance of the lead actors has also helped in achieving this. Padmapriya is the surprise package of this film. She is natural as Sainaba.'] ['Chandu  has a problem with his name: Everyone who hears it instantly believes that he is a cheat . He wants to be a famous script writer. He approaches all directors, but his stories are flops. So he decides to write his own story. Chandu is the son of a servant who works in a big mansion. The master\'s  daughter Indira ([[Bhavana  is in love with Chandu. But Chandu doesn\'t want to "hurt" his master. So he refuses Indira\'s love, but Indira never gives up. One day Janardhanan gets hold of the love story and wants Chandu to give up. He asks Chandu to write letters that will describe his love with an imaginary "Vasumathi" in an imaginary "Thottakkattukara" village. Janardhanan purposefully gives Bhavana the letters which makes her heartbroken. In one of those letters Janardhanan asks Chandu to write that he is planning to leave town with "Vasumathi" which completely breaks Indira\'s heart. But she posts all the letters after reading them. Janardhanan then asks Chandu to leave town. Now as fate permits, there really is a "Vasumathi"  in a real Thottakkattukara village, who is on the verge of suicide . Chandu\'s letters give her hope, and she decides to leave town as per the last letter. But there comes the clash: In the Madras bus there is Vinneeth to whom Chandu tells his own story and tells him that even if the real Vasumathi comes he will not accept her. Hearing the story krishnan  and the passengers in the bus feels sorry for her ask her to go back to her home. However krishnan takes chandhu and vasumathi with him to his stay place. The next day he takes them to his shooting spot there chandhu tells his story to Lal who is the director of the movie he also adds that Vasumathi comes out of the home believing those letters. When Lal tells that no girl will come like that stupidly Vasumathi opens her story that she was born in a rich family and her relations kills her mother and granny and cruelly treats her as if she was possessed by demons. She was tortured everyday by a Hindu priest. So she decides to die at that time she receives the letter. She completely believes that there is someone for her and comes out of her home. When Vasumathi finishes her story Krishnan says to Lal that it was her own life and they decides to make them join together. And suddenly there is a twist Bhavana arrives the place the total plan collapses.And then in the absence of Krishnan Vasumathi was compelled to go with her brother-in-law. When krishnan returns home he reveals the truth to Chandhu. After that the entire movie team rescues Vasumathi. At last there was a happy ending. A wedlock between Chandhu and Vasumathi as well as Indra and Krishnan.'] ['The story, set in the Malabar culture, revolves around Zakir Hussain aka Kunjakka . This bus conductor lords over the family that has a motley cast to it - mother , sister , her husband ([[Innocent , son , daughters and his own sister Selina . Then there are his bus mates and the villain police sub inspector Adithya Being a good man, Kunjakka is faced with all kinds of troubles and responsibility. On the one hand he has to take on the wily cop , who also runs a bus company on the sly. Then the problems within the family come to hand. Najeeb’s  dalliance with a local girl  ends in her becoming pregnant. But Najeeb goes to Dubai leaving the girl in the lurch. So the responsibility of looking after her also falls on Kunjakka’s shoulders. There are misunderstandings in the family and his only solace is Noorjahan . The story then is about how Kunjakka unties all the knots of distrust and disappointments. It is a story that is overweighed by treacle-soaked sentiments. In fact, the maudlin nature of the script makes you groan. Starting with Mammooty none of the artistes have let down the story. Every one chips in efficiently. But the director Vinu has chosen the wrong path. He gets himself tied up through over-the-top sentiments. Music is by M. Jayachandran.'] ['The film revolves around a middle-aged man Unni and his three sisters; and their struggle to let go of Kerala\'s feudal system of life. His elder sister fights for her share of the property, whilst his obedient younger sister works for Unni like a slave. Eventually, succumbing to the adverse conditions surrounding him, he withdraws like a rat into a hole. The Rat Trap acts as a metaphor to understand how the women are placed within the feudal system of Kerala. Gopalakrishnan says in his interview that the movie was inspired by the feudal characteristics of his own family. Silence is a huge trope in the move, with large swathes of silence in dialogue, the way the camera lingers on the characters, follows them through the scene, almost unbearably patient. The sister Rajamma is destroyed by the silence of her brother, who does not support her when she wants to get married, keeps silent when she is ailing and dying. The patriarchal figure of the "little master" is completely incapable of facing any threat to his position, he cannot take care of himself without the women, cannot face the taunts and the threats of his extended family and the villagers. He needs to be propped up his sisters who cook for him, clean for him, while he oils himself when he is even incapable of negotiating the outer world which is changing the form of patriarchy- from feudal to nationalist. The Rat Trap is a metaphor to show how the women are trapped within the system- how they are locked into place. The women are represented by Rajamma who wears blue to show her gentleness- she is even incapable of imagining how to chart her life outside patriarchy but the revolt against it shows in her silence, in her suffering. Gopalakrishnan says he gave her blue to wear to show her gentlesness. The eldest sister wears green to show fruition- she has survived in patriarchy by marriage and bearing children but not quite- she still worries about wealth and how to feed her family, who uses her as a tool to get more money from her brother. The Most interesting character is Rajamma  to show how she suffers silently against the silence meted out to her by patriarchy when she asks for justice. She screams in the movie- "when will I get out of this hell-hole."This shows how patriarchy is slowly destroying the women, they revolt through their suffering. The film is beautiful because Rajamma doesn\'t revolt like the younger sister but utters her attenuated critiques through her silence- shows what a hypocritical, cowardly, weak and despicable her elder brother is. The younger sister, Sridevi wears red, which Gopalakrishnan says is to symbolize revolt. She runs away from the family, presumably with a lover. The feudal characteristics of the patriarchy is shown through the way Unni treats his servants, the various people who visit him and most importantly how he treats Rajamma, his sister who takes care of him with utter selflessness. A beautiful movie and a must watch because of the absolutely unsettling experience it is to understand the violence of patriarchy. The music is throbbing, incomplete throughout the movie to show the sense of sustained urgency, that the crippling patriarchal structure results in . The rats are caught by Sridevi and drowned just like the women who are destroyed within the trap of the feudal system.'] ["Sahadevan  is the son of a police constable  who works in the dog squad. Sahadevan has only one ambition and that is to join the police department and for that he has cleared the exams and is waiting for the physical test. But he has an enemy, his own brother-in-law Peethambaran  who does not like him. Along with the police commissioner , Peethambaran sees that Sahadevan does not clear his physical test.He is insulted and kicked out but Sahadevan does not give up. When he foils a bomb plan, the blame is put on him by the police commissioner but he is saved by a higher authority. When he finds out who the crooks are, he tries to find a way to foil it and that hope was to become a private detective. He becomes a private detective and calls himself CID Moosa. He has Arjun, a smart dog who was condemned for mercy killing by the police dog squad and a funky car that sprays chilli powder and throws marbles to assist him. Moosa's mission is to save the life of state chief minister, Ravi Menon  who is under death threat from a group of terrorists. He finally succeeds in saving the state chief minister's life and is sent to Scotland."] ['Neelakantan  is the heir to the well-known Mangalassery family. He squanders away his father\'s largess and good name, but is loved by the people who know him well. Neelakantan has been the arch-rival of Shekaran of the Mundakkal family since childhood. During a minor ruckus, one of Neelakantan\'s aides accidentally kills Shekaran\'s uncle ([[Janardhanan . This incites Shekaran to plan to avenge the death of his uncle. Meanwhile, Neelakantan offends Bhanumathi , a talented Carnatic dance graduate, by forcing her to dance in front of him in his house. In retaliation, Bhanumathi quits dancing and curses Neelakantan for desecrating the art so dear to her. Later he feels regretful and helps her family in many ways and tries to persuade Bhanumathi to take up dancing again, but she doesn\'t budge. Meantime, Neelakantan visits his widowed mother intending to bring her back home, but she passes away after revealing a terrible secret; that he was born of another man, out of wedlock. This fact crushes him, and only Bhanumathi finds out this secret when he curses drunkenly  that the ancestral heritage which he is proud of, is actually not his. She is surprised by the vulnerable side of Neelakantan. He visits Banumathi at her home to persuade her to take up dancing again, only to be refused like before, telling him that she will resume dancing only after his death. That night while returning home from the visit, Shekaran and his aides ambush  and injure him seriously after also inflicting several wounds with swords and wooden sticks. Neelakantan survives the attack, but his left hand and right leg are badly injured and as a cure he undergoes Ayurvedic treatment to rejuvenate his legs. It is during this time that Bhanumathi falls in love with him . Neelakantan convinces Bhanumathi to dance and he arranges for a dance event for her at Delhi. He refuses to marry Bhanumathi considering her future, but in the end she and Warrier  persuade him to do so. Neelakantan tries to forget all the past events and his rivalry with Shekaran, but Shekaran is not satisfied and wants to defeat Neelakantan in front of the whole village. For this he kidnaps Bhanumathi and forces Neelakantan to take blows in front of the public during a village festival organized by the Mundakkal family. Meanwhile Neelakantan\'s friends rescue Bhanumathi and after this Neelakantan mauls Shekaran badly and cuts off Shekaran\'s right hand, claiming "Shekeran, I want to live peacefully..." so that he will not again come up with revenge later.This film remade in Telugu as kunti putrudu with mohan babu.'] ["Chess is a story of young man who is thrown into the deep end where sharks of the society swim with nonchalance. Dileep plays the lead role of Vijayakrishnan, whose background is music and other fine arts. But suddenly he gets catapulted into the cruel city life where there is little time for niceties. Vijayakrishnan, in the cruel roll of fate's dice, is pitted against heartless men in khakhis. The schemers kill Vijayakrishnan's father and burn his mother to death. Then they wound Vijayakrishnan badly and leave him to die. The rest of the story is about Vijayakrishnan's revenge on the people who murdered his parents. To do this he acts as a blind man and then one by one he kills the schemers."] ['Sreenath  works in an advertising firm in Bangalore. He meets a model Amritha  and falls in love with her. He tries to win her over after a lot of comic scenes. She likes him, but says that her father ([[Siddique  has to approve him. Sreenath and Amritha go to their village in Kerala to influence him and win over her parents. But things go awry after Amritha’s father starts hating Sreenath due to his hyperactive and overenthusiastic nature. After all his efforts to win him over, there comes a twist in the climax until the lovers are united.'] ['Vijayan, the village school teacher, believes that his degree in economics is sufficient for him to succeed in the business ventures he undertakes. Taking long leaves of absence from work, he roams around with his schemes, all of which turn out to be downright failures. The movie opens with a light portrayal of the misery of his wife Shyamala and their two daughters, with Vijayan away on his latest venture &mdash; an attempt to shoot a short ad film. It ends, predictably, with Vijayan taking to his heels when it is apparent that he has never seen a film being shot in his life before. Karunan "Mash," Vijayan\'s father, as a last resort to reform his son, suggests that Vijayan undertake the annual pilgrimage to the Hindu hilltop temple Sabarimala. Despite his initial protests, Vijayan undertakes his pilgrimage, by observing the customary 41-day fasting and abstinence. Sabarimala changes him. On his return from his pilgrimage, his family discovers to their dismay that matters have swung to the other extreme. Vijayan takes faith to his heart, embraces vegetarianism and adopts a life of prayer, frugality and abstinence, eventually forsaking his debt-ridden family for a life at an ashram. His version of ashram life is one of round-the-clock prayer and an escape from daily responsibilities and work &mdash; which doesn\'t go well the other residents. He soon finds himself unwelcome there and returns to his home, to discover his family now reasonably well-off from a small business his wife started soon after he left.'] ['The story is about Anwar  who discontinues his education further at the Aligarh Muslim University soon after his marriage. During his stay the Babri Masjid demolition occurs and as a result he turns a fundamentalist. His wife an educated Muslim girl  tries to alter and change the ideals of her Islamist fanatic husband. But to reform himself he rather chooses the way to jail and starts afresh. The thread of the story is the aftermath of the Babri Masjid demolition and the Gujarat riots. Anwar encounters a group of Karsevaks in a train, all of them headed towards the demolition of Babri Masjid. The encounter greatly disturbs him and he is no longer the same loving and romantic husband to his wife as well as the engrossed PG student. He writes a letter to Samira about his intentions and his decision to join Jehad to seek revenge on others. Anwar goes on to become a full time extremist and plants a bomb in a hotel at the Ramzan time. This hurts his grandfather a lot who is always against extremism. Anwar on the other hand is unstoppable and believes that the deaths of innocents are a part of the Jehad. Sahib tells his grandson to stop all his activities at once and warns him about the ugly consequences, the community has to face, because of his deeds, but to no avail. Meanwhile, Anwar lands up in jail. Samira only has one wish, her husband should come back to his normal life. He should become her old Anwar, romantic and soft person. Prithviraj has again shown that he is the phenomenon waiting to happen. Bhavana too proves that she is no less in acting. Liberty Mammootty comes up with a superlative performance as the grand father. The music, editing and camera work, all deserves worthy mention. The film overall is a guaranteed money back to the viewers with no hidden intentions or caste feelings. The director deserves kudos for his fine work.'] ["Kalyani ([[Ranjini  is the daughter of a wealthy NRI Ramachandra Menon  who resides in the United States. Kalyani, brought up in Chennai by her father's friend Kaimal , falls in love with another man and decides to marry against the wishes of her father. When her boyfriend finds out that she will be disinherited, he ditches her at the altar. After a short while her father decides to retract his disapproval and spend a fortnight's vacation with his daughter and son-in-law in his estate near a tribal community where Menon is the chief. Because her father is already ill and because this may be his last vacation, Kalyani and Kaimal want to make it as happy for him as possible. They decide to conceal the fact that her boyfriend dumped her. Kaimal hires Vishnu  to play the part of the husband for a fortnight. Meanwhile Kalyani's cousin Bhaskaran Nambiar ([[Sreenivasan  who is the caretaker of the estate was expected to inherit Menon's estate and property when Kalyani was disinherited, is determined not to let go without a fight. He knows that Vishnu is not Kalyani's boyfriend and makes various botched attempts to prove this. Initially Vishnu and Kalyani do not get along and keep bickering. But as time passes, she develops an affection towards Vishnu and hopes to marry him for real. A couple of days after they have a mysterious visitor  who claims to be a relative of Vishnu. Finally it is revealed that Vishnu is actually an escaped convict from jail who is sentenced to death and the visitor turns out to be the prison warden. Vishnu's past is shown in flashback and he was a freelance photographer who was married to a woman named Revathy , a mute dancer. They also had a child. Vishnu discovers that a man was visiting his wife when he was not around and begins to suspect her. Coming home one day he finds the man there and tries to attack him. Revathy dies in the scuffle, Vishnu discovers that the man is actually her brother who is a naxalite. He tells Kalyani that he escaped prison to make money for the surgery of his child. On the last night of Vishnu's stay at the house, he asks Jail Warden, is it possible for him to live, as he started to like life again. The warden did not reply to his question as he is helpless regarding this. After a happy fortnight, Kalyani's father returns to the US. The final scene shows the warden taking Vishnu to jail, with Kalyani watching him leave, where his execution awaits him."] 