['The film is set in 1918. Riyo  is a "city girl", who becomes a picture bride to a man who works as a field hand on a sugar cane plantation in Hawaii. The film begins with the death of Riyo\'s father, which leads Riyo\'s aunt to make arrangements for Riyo to become a picture bride. As Riyo prepares to be photographed, her aunt shows her a picture of the handsome Matsuji , her husband-to-be in Hawaii. Not only is the photo intended as introduction, but also as a means of confirming that each has found the right partner when they meet for the first time on the docks. However, when Riyo finally arrives in Honolulu, the man who comes to greet her looks nothing like the man in the photo. Matsuji confesses that the photo he sent was old, taken when he was a young man. Riyo goes through with the wedding , and travels out to the sugar plantation which is her new home. As she walks past the darkened fields to their ramshackle house, Riyo hears a faint sound on the wind of a woman singing. When she asks about it, Matsuji half-jokes that the ghosts of the canefields have come to welcome her. That night, they sleep on the same mat, but Riyo fights off his attempts at sexual intimacy and hides beneath a blanket. The next day, after she is given an ID tag to wear around her neck, Riyo goes to work in the sugar cane fields for the first time. As a city girl, she is unfamiliar with farm work and slows the other workers down,leading her to be harassed and ridiculed by Antone  the Luna . Yayoi  prompts Kana  to help the Riyo learn. Kana is a young picture bride who had arrived several years before. Later, Riyo finds out that Kana\'s husband, Kanzaki  frequently beats her and goes out gambling. To escape the abuse, at night Kana often brings her baby and sleeps in the fields, singing. One night, after an argument with Matsuji, Riyo runs off into the fields and discovers Kana. Riyo gains Kana\'s trust, and agrees to help the other woman with her side business doing laundry for the workers. Riyo begins industriously doing laundry work and saving all her earnings in a tin can, determined to earn her passage back to Japan. Matsuji begins drinking and gambling, saying that he intends to win enough money to get another bride. Kana advises Matsuji to become romantic, and to take Rudolf Valentino as a role model in the task of winning Riyo\'s heart. Antone the luna starts to drive the workers to do more work in order to meet the harvest in time. The women\'s leader, Yayoi, leaves with her family to Honolulu. As she leaves, she asks Kana to take care of the other women caneworkers. In the fields, Kana and the other mothers are constantly worried about their children, who must be left, under a sunshade in the field when the parents are working. Kana tries to stand up against Antone to get the kids moved closer when the workers go to a new field. He threatens to use his whip on the workers, as he had done \'in the old days.\' Preparatory to harvesting, cane fields are set on fire to burn off the leaves. Antone, in a hurry to get the job done, orders the fire to be set before the women can retrieve their children. In the meantime, Kana\'s baby daughter, Kei, has wandered into the fields. Kana rushes into the burning field to find her daughter, and both are lost. The workers talk about waging a strike. Meanwhile, Riyo continues to hear the sound of a woman singing in the canefields. One night, she leaves the house to follow the sound, and Matsuji follows her. He accuses her of having a secret lover and a chase ensues. Then, Riyo admits that her parents had died of tuberculosis, which at that time carried tremendous social stigma. Although Riyo herself was healthy, the matchmaker had lied to Matsuji about his bride-to-be\'s outcast status. That night, when Riyo tentatively reaches out to him as they lie in bed, he brusquely turns away. Betrayed, the next day Riyo gathers her savings and a few belongings and runs away, eventually finding herself at the ocean. Riyo falls asleep there. She is awakened by the sound of singing, and glimpses a woman walking among the shoreline rocks. She runs after the vision, and encounters Kana, who says she is leaving for Japan. When Riyo asks to go with her, Kana criticizes her, not unkindly: "Who waiting for you there?" Then, as Yayoi had done when she left the plantation, Kana hands her neck tag to Riyo and tells her "Take care of the girls." Kana turns to walk toward the sea, fading out of sight. Riyo awakes from her sleep, and finds Kana\'s neck tag in her hand. She returns to the plantation and to her house, where she finds Matsuji drunk. She puts him to bed, and he looks at her, saying "I thought I was all alone again." Later that night, she hesitantly reaches out to touch his hand, and he reaches back; they embrace. The next day, Riyo surprises the other workers when she begins singing in the fields, as had Kana and Yayo. Antone tries to make fun of her, but she continues singing more strongly, and he realizes that she has picked up the mantle of leadership. Matsuji makes a gift to Riyo of a Buddhist altar, so she can honor her parents. She is touched at his acceptance of her past. The film ends as Riyo, Matsuji, and the other workers dance in a circle at a lively Bon Festival. In a closing voiceover , an older Riyo describes how she still imagines at times that she hears a woman\'s voice singing, but then realizes it is the voice of Riyo\'s own daughter as she sings to her children.'] ["Andrzej  and Krystyna  are driving to a lake to go sailing when they come upon a young man  hitchhiking in the middle of the road. After nearly hitting him, Andrzej invites the young man to pick his seat and to take a nap while they continue driving. When they arrive at the docks, instead of leaving the young man behind, Andrzej invites him to sail with them for the day. The young man accepts the offer, and, not knowing much about sailing, is forced to learn many hard lessons from Andrzej. Meanwhile, tension gradually builds between Andrzej and the unnamed hitchhiker as they vie for the attentions of the young wife. The title refers to the major turning point in the film when Andrzej taunts the young man with the latter's treasured pocket knife, which is accidentally lost in the water. A fight ensues between Andrzej and the hitchhiker and the latter falls into the water. The husband and wife search for him, but cannot find him and assume that he has drowned, since earlier he had claimed that he could not swim. Wife and husband quarrel about what to do next about the situation, resulting in the husband fleeing to escape his problem, by jumping off the yacht and swimming to shore. Afterwards, once the young man realizes that the husband has jumped the yacht, he comes out from hiding behind a buoy on the lake, and returns to the yacht where Krystyna is drying off and presumably wondering what action to take next. Before the young man goes on his way they become passionate towards each other. When Krystyna sails into the dock, Andrzej is waiting for her. He wants to go the police to report the young man as missing, but Krystyna tells him that the young man returned, and he is unconvinced even when Krystyna confesses to having been unfaithful with the young man. Andrzej appears confused and the car does not move."] ['The film starts by telling the story of Tony\'s father Takitani Shozaburo, a jazz trombonist from Japan, who spends the second world war in China. Shozaburo is imprisoned and many of his fellow inmates are executed. He expects he will be executed one day and he is shown curled up on the floor of his cell. However he survives and in 1946 returns to Japan where he marries a distant relative on his mother\'s side. A year later they have a child, Tony, but Tony\'s mother dies three days after giving birth to him. Shozaburo continues to travel and is away from home most of the time. Because of his Americanised name people often react oddly, or sometimes with hostility to Tony. "Spending time alone was the most natural thing in the world for Tony". He develops an interest in drawing but prefers accuracy over emotion and as an adult gets a job as a technical illustrator. Tony falls in love with a young female client, Eiko, who is obsessed with shopping for clothes and accessories. On their fifth date he proposes to her but she says she has already been seeing some one else for some time. She says she will think it over. Eventually Eiko accepts and they are married. Although Eiko and Tony are very happy they both recognise that her shopping is becoming a problem between them: Eiko accumulates so many clothes, and pairs of shoes, that they are given an entire room in the house. One day she decides to drive to her favourite boutique to return a coat and dress. After she has returned the clothes initially Eiko feels a sense of release but, whilst waiting at traffic lights, she begins to think about their colour, style, and texture. The lights change and, possibly because she is distracted, there is an accident in which Eiko is killed. Tony is completely distraught and sets about hiring a woman, Hisako, as an assistant, with the one condition that she should wear his wife\'s clothes to work in "as a uniform". When she sees Eiko\'s clothes Hisako begins to cry. Tony decides not to hire an assistant and sells the clothes instead. Two years after his wife\'s death Tony\'s father also dies, leaving his trombone and a collection of jazz records. Tony keeps the trombone and the records in the room in which Eiko used to keep her clothes. After a year Tony sells the records and the trombone. One evening at what might be the opening of an art exhibition a young man approaches Tony and introduces himself as the other man Eiko was seeing before she married Tony. He speaks disparagingly of Eiko and Tony challenges him and leaves. The next scene shows Tony in the empty room and recreates and then cuts to the earlier scene of Tony\'s father in the prison cell in China. He thinks about Hisako. In the final scene of the film Tony calls Hisako but puts the phone down before she can answer.'] ["{{Plot}} The film takes place in a rural village in China's eastern province of Shandong during the Second Sino-Japanese War. It is narrated from the point of view of the protagonist’s grandson, who reminisces about his grandmother, Jiu'er . She was a poor girl who was sent by her parents into a pre-arranged marriage with an older man. This man, Li Datou, who owned a distillery, suffered from leprosy. As her wedding party crosses a field of sorghum, they are attacked by a bandit with a pistol. The hired sedan carrier fights off the assailant and a series of subtly flirtatious looks are exchanged. After she reaches the winery, the man disappears. He returns to the screen while Jiu'er is returning from her parents' house. We see him wearing the same mask as the man who attacked them three days before. He kidnaps Jiu'er and after a short chase, reveals his identity. He then clears some sorghum and they engage in sexual intercourse. After the leper was mysteriously murdered, the young widow takes over the distillery, which has fallen on hard times. She inspires the workers to take new pride in their wine, and once again meets the man who saved her life and then deflowered her. He arrives drunk and tries to claim her, telling the distillery workers how he deflowered her and that he is going to sleep in her room, but she tosses him out and he makes a fool of himself in his drunken rudeness. He sleeps in a liquor vat for three days, while the bandits kidnapped Jiu'er and asked for ransom, which the distillery workers paid. The bandits did not rape her because she told them she had slept with her deceased husband, the leper. Later, the man who had intercourse with her comes back again, when they make the first batch of liquor. He takes four vats of the liquor and urinates in them, shocking the employees. He meant it to anger Jiu'er, but somehow his urine makes the liquor taste better than ever before. The longtime distiller, Luohan, leaves in disgust, presumably because of her affair with the hired bearer and the resultant bastard son, the narrator's father. The style of the film shifts from fable to realism when the War begins and the Imperial Japanese Army troops invade the area. The Japanese soldiers order forced laborers to flatten the sorghum fields. The widow Jiu'er and the winery workers are among the forced laborers. The Japanese then order a butcher to skin the bandit alive. The butcher resists, but is given a choice of death or skinning, as a reminder to the laborers not to resist. The butcher is near to doing it, but in hopeless desperation he choose to kill Shanpao to avoid skinning him. He is machine gunned by the Japanese soldiers, and the butcher's assistant is given the task, to skin Luohan, the distillery worker, lest he himself be skinned. He does the skinning, and loses his mind. The narrator then identifies many atrocities of the Japanese during the war and notes Luohan as a member of the Communist guerrilla resistance. They then have a liquor tasting ritual where they celebrate Luohan and his liquor, where Jiu'er recommends the distillery workers avenge his death. All of the distillery workers toast with the liquor, as does Jiu'er's son, the narrator's father, with the same song that Luohan sung at other rituals. In the early dawn, they set an ambush and take liquor with them to use as a fire bomb, which is urinated in by Jiu'er's son. Later, the boy runs back to the distillery and tells his mother the men are hungry. She arrives in time to be machine-gunned by the Japanese. The ambush is a noble disaster, with cannons misfiring and killing some of the ambushers but their homemade liquor grenades destroy the Japanese trucks and troops, as well as most of the distillers. In the end, there is nothing but scenes of death, with the narrator's grandfather and father observing a red eclipse symbolic of the death and destruction and the red color of the liquor. The narrator's father is left chanting a prayer for his mother to rise to heaven at the close of the film."] [" When Mademoiselle Henriette Deluzy-Desportes , a French woman, starts teaching at an American girls school, she is confronted with tales and gossip about her, which have become common knowledge among her pupils. Provoked by them, she decides to tell them her life story. Mademoiselle Deluzy-Desportes once was governess to the four children of the Duc de Praslin  and his wife, the Duchesse de Praslin  in the last years of the Orleans monarchy in Paris. As a result of the Duchesse's constantly erratic and temperamental behavior, all that remains is an unhappy marriage. However, Duc de Praslin stays with his wife because of their children. Through her warmth and kindness, Henriette wins the love and affection of the children as well as Duc de Praslin - and the jealousy and hatred of the Duchesse de Praslin. The governess is forced to leave, but the Duchess has refused to give a letter of recommendation to any future employer. The Duc confronts her, but her invention of two alternate letters of opposing attitudes, which it turns out she has not written, or intends to write, enrage him and leads to her murder. The Duc de Praslin is in a privileged position; as a peer his case can only be heard by other nobles. He refuses to confess his guilt, or openly admit to his love for Henriette, but this is his means of protecting her as she is under suspicion of complicity in the murder of the Duchess. Ultimately the Duc takes poison to prevent himself confessing the truth to the authorities, but lives long enough to reveal it to another of his servants Pierre , a kindly old man who had earlier warned Henriette to escape from the de Praslin household. Henriette is released. Her French class is moved by the account she gives of her life. An American minister Henry Field , to whom Henriette had expressed a loss of faith while in prison, was responsible for recommending her for the post 'in the land of the free'. He proposes they marry, and Henriette accepts."] ["Two doctors discuss the case of a man who identifies himself as Ward Andrews. This man escapes from a mental institution. His doctors call the police, because outwardly the man may seem sane, but underneath, he suffers from paranoia and is capable of murder. Phillip Monrell ([[Robert Montgomery  and his former college roommate Ward Andrews  arrive at the Monrell home, where they meet Phillip's mother's secretary, Stella Bergen . They are both strongly attracted to her. She prefers the more responsible, hardworking Ward, but ends up marrying the idle Phillip instead. Phillip is put in charge of the family steel mill, but is not suited for the job. He begins to exhibit signs of mental illness, particularly abnormal jealousy of any competition for his wife's affections. Despite this, he hires Ward to be the chief engineer at the mill. Eventually, Phillip's paranoid suspicion that Ward and Stella love each other drives him to try to kill his rival at work. Ward confronts him and quits. Stella, convinced that her husband is insane, leaves him and meets Ward. Phillip phones them and promises to grant her a divorce if Ward will talk with him in person. Despite Stella's misgivings, Ward agrees to see him. However, Phillip provokes a loud argument and Ward leaves. Afterwards, the madman kills himself, carefully framing Ward for the crime. Ward is arrested, convicted of murder and sentenced to be executed. A frantic Stella is unable to convince anyone of his innocence. The day before the execution, she is visited by Dr. Rameau , a psychiatrist who had been treating Phillip. He is convinced that Phillip committed suicide and that he would have left some message bragging about it. They go to the Monrell mansion and start searching. Mrs. Monrell  reveals that her son kept diaries; then, Clark , the butler, recalls that he mailed a package to Paris. They take a flight to France and find the book, which exonerates Ward."] ['Sarah Pierce  is a reluctant housewife and mother in an upper-middle class suburb of Boston. She is married to Richard Pierce , a successful yet distant husband, who is secretly obsessed with an internet porn star. Sarah refers to her daughter Lucy as an "unknowable little person" and feels out of place around the other Stepford like mothers at a local playground. Brad Adamson ([[Patrick Wilson  is a former college football player who\'s also married to Kathy , a documentary filmmaker, with a young son named Aaron. Brad is depressed and frustrated, as his wife is the breadwinner and he is a stay-at-home father who has failed the bar exam twice. Each day he leaves home with the pretense of going to the library to study, but spends the time watching skateboarders at the nearby park. He joins a policeman\'s touch football team at the urging of a friend, Larry Hedges , a disgraced former police officer. Sarah and Brad meet on the school playground, where Sarah suggests they hug to surprise the watching mothers nearby. Brad kisses her, and it quickly becomes apparent that the two are attracted to each other. Over the course of several visits to the local pool, Sarah and Brad get to know each other, and soon begin an affair. Meanwhile, Ronald "Ronnie" James McGorvey , who has served a prison sentence for indecent exposure to a minor, has moved back into the neighborhood to live with his mother. Larry launches a harassment campaign against Ronnie, handing out posters, vandalizing his house, harassing and almost assaulting the man and his mother. Ronnie\'s mother  tries to help by setting Ronnie up on a date, which ends badly with him masturbating in his date\'s car outside a children\'s playground. Brad and Sarah finally see each other at a football game, where he asks her to run away with him; the two agree to meet up at a local park the next night. After the game a drunken Larry goes to McGorvey\'s house and further harasses him, using a megaphone to wake the entire neighborhood. Mrs. McGorvey tries to stop him, but Larry pushes her down. She has a heart attack and later dies in the hospital. Ronnie is devastated at losing the one person who loved him. That evening Sarah packs a bag and takes Lucy to the playground to wait for Brad. On the way to the playground, Brad is again transfixed by the young skateboarders, who dare him to try one jump on a short stair rail. Brad can\'t resist and ends up injuring himself. Sarah is unexpectedly met at the playground by Ronnie instead and tries to comfort him, leaving Lucy to wander off by herself. This frightens Sarah. Once she finds Lucy, Sarah tearfully embraces her daughter and goes home. Brad is taken to the hospital and asks the police officer on the scene to call his wife. Larry comes to the park to find Ronnie and apologize for harassing him. Noticing blood dripping off Ronnie, he is horrified to discover that Ronnie has castrated himself. Panicked, Larry picks Ronnie up and takes him to the hospital. They arrive just as Kathy meets Brad\'s ambulance at the emergency room doors. The film ends with an image of Sarah sleeping alongside Lucy in their home.'] ['The film opens in St. Louis on Lutie Cameron\'s  wedding day. As she dresses, she receives a telegram from her fiancee Col. Brewton  ordering her to board the train for Salt Fork, New Mexico to marry him there instead. The first person she meets in the town is Brice Chamberlain , who warns her that she is bound for unhappiness with Brewton. He takes her over to the courthouse where she witnesses Brewton testifying against a settler who had tried to stake a claim to part of Brewton\'s cattle ranch. Back at his ranch, Brewton takes her out to see the sweeping plain of grass and explains how he had settled it, fighting with the Indians for the land and making it fit for ranching. He opposed the settlers because he knew the land did not get enough rain to sustain farming. Lutie struggles to see what Brewton sees in the grasses, but she tries to make the most of her new home. She convinces Brewton to allow a family of settlers onto the ranch, because she had befriended one of them. Brewton warns her that the settlers will not last more than six months, due to some unforeseeable, but certain, circumstance. When Lutie visits the settlers as they build their sod house, she is surprised to see Chamberlain. He is visiting the settlers because he helped them file their claim on Brewton\'s land. He rides with Lutie on her way back home and confesses his attraction to her. Lutie similarly confesses her ongoing struggles to adapt to her new home and her husband\'s emotional distance. Lutie gives birth to a daughter, Sara Beth. During a great blizzard, the settlers are alarmed by the sound of Brewton\'s cattle near their house. Fearful for his wheat crop, knowing its destruction would spell the ruin of his farm, the man runs out of the house with his rifle to scare off the cattle. When they stampede, he shoots one of the cows, and he also hits one of Brewton\'s workers, who were busy trying to herd the cattle in the storm. The rest of the ranch hands severely beat the man. His pregnant wife wades out into the storm to help him inside. The exertion makes her lose the baby. When Lutie learns of the incident with the settlers, she races out to their house, but they refuse to see her. With the crop and their baby lost, they are broken and concede the land to Brewton. Brewton takes the news in stride, telling Lutie that he had warned her something like this would happen. Furious at his callousness, Lutie decides to leave Salt Fork for a while. She goes to Denver, and she is planning to return to St. Louis when she runs into Chamberlain. The two have a discreet affair, which convinces Lutie that it would be a mistake to leave Brewton. Back at Salt Fork, she gives birth to a boy named Brock, and she continues her struggle to find a place in Brewton\'s world. Chamberlain successfully lobbies for a Federal District Court in Salt Fork, and he wins election as a judge, presiding over all land disputes. Brewton knows that this will mean a steady stream of settlers on his land. As he arms himself and his men to ward off the settlers, Lutie pleads with him to reconsider. In the abandoned sod house, as Brewton prepares his ammunition, he gets Lutie to confess to the affair with Chamberlain. She agrees to leave, but Brewton refuses to let her take the children. Back in St. Louis, she consults a lawyer who tells her that if she will admit in court that Chamberlain is Brock\'s father she could win custody of her son, but she would certainly lose custody of Sara Beth. Convinced it would do more harm than good to fight, Lutie stays away. She returns after two years in a futile attempt to reconnect with her children, who do not recognize her. Chamberlain tries to get her to fight for Brock\'s custody so they can run away together as a family, but Lutie admits that she does not have enough love for Chamberlain to marry him. As the years pass, the town doctor keeps Lutie informed about her children through letters. On his deathbed, he chides Brewton for being too emotionally distant from Lutie and driving her away. After his death, Chamberlain takes up the correspondence with Lutie, acknowledging that he expects nothing in return. He shares his concerns that Brock has grown into a reckless young man, too endowed with charm and luck to take responsibility for his actions. For years, Brock has endured taunts from the townsfolk about his real father, but the truth has never been acknowledged outright. During a card game, his opponent begins referring to Brock only as "judge", invoking Chamberlain\'s profession. Brock is baited into a fight, and when his opponent draws his pistol, Brock shoots him in the stomach. Once he is bailed out of jail, he returns home and blithely confesses what happened to his father and his sister. His father insists that he must return to town and stand trial. In private, Brock confesses to his sister that he could not stand to see his father put through a trial because it would bring up the reason for the fight, humiliating him all over again. Brock decides to flee, and the sheriff pursues him with a posse. Brewton decides to go after him, once Sara Beth tells him why Brock skipped bail. Brewton comes upon a cabin where the posse is exchanging gunfire with Brock who is holed up inside. Brewton walks into the cabin, but Brock has already been fatally shot. Having read in the newspaper that Brock was on the run, Lutie is returning to Salt Fork on the train. Just before it arrives, she receives the news that Brock has been killed, and she decides to keep traveling to San Francisco later that night. In town, she sees Brewton escorting Brock\'s body to the church, and she hides herself so as not to be seen. Sara Beth visits her in her hotel room and warns her not to see Brewton, because it would only stir up more trouble than she could stand. Lutie says that she was not planning on seeing anyone, and she tells Sara Beth that she is pleased to know that at least Brewton will have his daughter at his side to love him. Sara Beth breaks down and invites her mother back to the house where she reconciles with Brewton.'] ["Jenny Lamour  wants to succeed in the theatre. Her husband and accompanist is Maurice Martineau , a mild-mannered but jealous man. When he finds out that Jenny has been making eyes at Brignon, a lecherous old businessman, in order to further her career, he loses his temper and threatens Brignon with death. Despite this, Jenny goes to a secret rendezvous at Brignon's apartment, who is murdered the same evening. The criminal investigations are led by Inspector Antoine ."] ["The film follows Fei Mu's original fairly closely. Zhang Zhichen , a city doctor, comes to visit his old friend from school Dai Liyan  shortly after the war against the Japanese has ended. Dai is sickly although Zhang suspects it to be mainly a case of hypochondria. While visiting, he meets Liyan's wife, Yuwen  and Liyan's young teenage sister Dai Xiu . Zhang and Yuwen has had a passionate love affair ten years earlier before she had been engaged to marry her husband. Due to her husband's sickness however, the couple has ceased any real physical contact. With Zhang back, both Yuwen and the doctor find themselves again attracted to one another. As emotions run high, Dai Xiu's birthday comes up. As the drinks begin to flow, Zhang and Yuwen's mutual attraction emerge clearly to everyone, especially to Liyan. Too sickly in his mind to care for his wife any longer, he begs Zhang to stay. Liyan then promptly attempts suicide by overdose but is saved by his friend. Zhang then decides that it is best that he departs. While faithful to the plot of the original, Tian's remake did choose to drop the original's use of a voice-over narration by Yuwen."] ["On June 1, 1942, after fourteen years, mild-mannered 44-year-old Wilbert G. Winkle  quits his boring bank job to follow his dream, to open a repair shop. Everyone is shocked, particularly his status-conscious wife Amy , who demands he chose between her and his new career. The only exception is Barry , a young orphan Mr. Winkle has befriended. However, before the situation with Amy can be resolved, Winkle is drafted into the army. He becomes friends with another older recruit, Joe Tinker ([[Robert Armstrong , who is looking for revenge for his younger brother. Winkle is reassigned to help the supply sergeant keep the books, as he did in civilian life, but he rebels and, with persistence and quiet determination, becomes a mechanic, something that gives him great satisfaction. To the surprise of his sergeant ([[Richard Lane , he makes it through basic training. A new regulation allows older men to get honorably discharged, but Winkle refuses to quit. When Winkle's furlough at the end of training is canceled, Barry runs away to try to see him. Amy and the head of the orphanage, Mr. McDavid ([[Art Smith , find him hitchhiking and bring him back. On the way, Amy learns from Barry that there is more to her husband than she thought, causing her to reconsider. Winkle and his unit are shipped out to the fighting in the Pacific. He and Tinker are sent to repair a bulldozer. Then, the Japanese attack his unit. While Winkle fixes the bulldozer, Tinker looks for revenge. After shooting an enemy soldier, Tinker starts celebrating, only to be killed himself. Winkle uses the bulldozer to knock out a machine gun nest. He is discharged and sent home to recuperate from his wounds. The war hero returns to an enthusiastic welcome from his entire hometown and in particular from Amy and Barry, who show him a new shortcut they have made together to his repair shop."] ['Ted Kramer  is a workaholic advertising executive who has just been assigned a new and very important account. Ted arrives home and shares the good news with his wife Joanna  only to find that she is leaving him. Saying that she needs to find herself, she leaves Ted to raise their son Billy  by himself. Ted and Billy initially resent one another as Ted no longer has time to carry his increased workload and Billy misses his mother\'s love and attention. After months of unrest, Ted and Billy learn to cope and gradually bond as father and son. Ted befriends his neighbor Margaret , who had initially counseled Joanna to leave Ted if she was that unhappy. Margaret is a fellow single parent, and she and Ted become kindred spirits. One day, as the two sit in the park watching their children play, Billy falls off the jungle gym, severely cutting his face. Ted sprints several blocks through oncoming traffic carrying Billy to the hospital, where he comforts his son during treatment. Fifteen months after she walked out, Joanna returns to New York to claim Billy, and a custody battle ensues. During the custody hearing, both Ted and Joanna are unprepared for the brutal character assassinations that their lawyers unleash on the other. Margaret is forced to testify that she had advised an unhappy Joanna to leave Ted, though she also attempts to tell Joanna on the stand that her husband has profoundly changed. Eventually, the damaging facts that Ted was fired because of his conflicting parental responsibilities, forcing him to take a lower-paid job, come out in court, as do the details of Billy\'s accident. The court awards custody to Joanna, a decision mostly based on the assumption that a child is best raised by his mother. Ted discusses appealing the case, but his lawyer warns that Billy himself would have to take the stand in the resulting trial. Ted cannot bear the thought of submitting his child to such an ordeal and decides not to contest custody. On the morning that Billy is to move in with Joanna, Ted and Billy make breakfast together, mirroring the meal that Ted tried to cook the first morning after Joanna left. They share a tender hug knowing that this is their last daily breakfast together. Joanna calls on the intercom, asking Ted to come down to the lobby. She tells Ted how much she loves and wants Billy, but she knows his true home is with Ted. She will therefore not take him. As she enters the elevator to go and talk to Billy, she asks her ex-husband "How do I look?" The movie ends with the elevator doors closing on the emotional Joanna, right after Ted answers, "You look terrific."'] ['Set on the campus of a small New England college, the film focuses on the volatile relationship of associate history professor George and his hard-drinking wife Martha, the daughter of the college president. It\'s 2:00 Sunday morning, and they have returned from one of her father\'s gatherings. Martha announces she has invited a young couple—Nick, a young, good-looking, newly appointed instructor, and his mousey wife Honey—to join them for drinks. George is disturbed because she did so without consulting him first, prompting Martha to launch into the first of many loud and lengthy tirades during which she taunts and criticizes him. Knowing his wife is drunk and quite lewd, he asks her to behave herself when they arrive, and when the doorbell rings, he warns her to refrain from mentioning their child to their company. Overhearing Martha\'s crude retort as the door opens , Nick and Honey immediately feel ill at ease and quickly find themselves caught in the middle of a verbal war zone when their efforts to engage in small talk set off a volley of insults between their hosts. Martha begins to flirt lewdly with Nick while his meek wife tries to pretend she is unaware of what is happening. While Martha is showing Honey where the bathroom is, George tests Nick\'s verbal sparring skills, but the young man is no match for his host. Realizing he and his wife are becoming embroiled in the middle of marital warfare, he suggests they depart, but George cajoles him into staying. Upon returning to the living room alone, Honey innocently mentions to George she was unaware he and Martha had a son on the verge of celebrating his sixteenth birthday. Martha reappears in a new outfit—form-fitting slacks and a revealing blouse—and when her husband makes a snide remark about the ensemble, she begins to demean his abilities as a teacher, then escalates her seduction of Nick, complimenting him on the body he developed as both a quarterback and an intercollegiate state boxing champion while criticizing George\'s paunch. She informs their guests about a past incident when George refused to engage in a friendly outdoor boxing match with his father-in-law and Martha put on a pair of gloves and punched him in the jaw, knocking him into the bushes. As she relates the story, George aims a shotgun at the back of her head, causing Honey to scream. He pulls the trigger, which releases an umbrella, while he tells his wife she\'s dead. Honey again raises the subject of George and Martha\'s son, prompting the couple to engage in a conversation Martha quickly tries to end without success. To counterattack George\'s relentless comments about the boy, she tells their guests her husband is unsure the child is his own, although he most assuredly is. They argue about the color of the boy\'s eyes until George threatens to expose the truth about the boy. Furious, Martha accuses him of being a failure whose youthful, idealistic plans for the future slowly deteriorated as he came to realize he wasn\'t aggressive enough to follow in his father-in-law\'s footsteps, leaving her stuck with a flop. George cuts the diatribe short, first by smashing a bottle of gin against the fireplace mantle, and then by spinning Honey around and mockingly singing, "Who\'s afraid of Virginia Woolf?", a joke Martha had made herself during the party earlier that evening. Inebriated and on the verge of throwing up from George\'s spinning, Honey rushes from the room. Martha goes to the kitchen to make coffee, and George and Nick go outside. The younger man confesses he was attracted to Honey more for her family\'s money than passion, and married her only because she mistakenly believed she was pregnant. George describes his own marriage as one of never-ending accommodation and adjustment, then admits he considers Nick a threat. George also tells a story about a boy he grew up with. This boy had accidentally killed his mother. Years later, George claims the boy was driving with his father. He swerved to "miss a porcupine" in the road, and the resulting accident killed his father. The boy ended up living out his days in a mental hospital. When their guests propose leaving, George insists on driving them home. In the car, the talk returns to George and Martha\'s son. They approach a roadhouse, and Honey suggests they stop to dance. While Honey and George watch, Nick suggestively dances with Martha, who continues to mock George and criticize his inadequacies. George unplugs the jukebox and announces the game is over. In response, Martha alludes to the fact he may have murdered his parents like the protagonist in his unpublished, non-fiction novel, prompting George to strangle Martha until Nick manages to pull him away from her. George persuades the owner to serve them one more round before closing and suggests that, having played a game of Humiliate the Host, the quartet should now engage in Hump the Hostess or Get the Guests. He then tells the group about a second novel he allegedly has written about a young couple from the Midwest, a good-looking teacher and his timid wife, who marry because of her hysterical pregnancy and then settle in a small college town. An embarrassed Honey realizes Nick indiscreetly told George about their past and runs from the room. Nick promises revenge on George, and then runs after Honey. In the parking lot, George tells his wife he cannot stand the way she constantly humiliates him, and she tauntingly accuses him of having married her for just that reason. Their rage erupts into a declaration of "total war". Martha drives off, retrieving Nick and Honey, leaving George to makes his way back home on foot. When he arrives home, he discovers Honey nearly delirious and realizes that his wife and Nick are presently engaged in a sexual encounter. Through Honey\'s drunken babbling, George begins to suspect that her pregnancy was in fact real, and that she secretly had an abortion. He then devises a plan to get back at Martha. When Martha accuses Nick of being sexually inadequate, he blames his impotency on all the liquor he has consumed. George then appears and requests that everyone gather once more for one last game. He mentions his and Martha\'s son, prompting her to reminisce about his birth and childhood and how he was nearly destroyed by his father. George accuses Martha of engaging in destructive and abusive behavior with the boy, who frequently ran away to escape her sexual advances. George then announces he has received a telegram with bad news—the boy was killed the previous afternoon on a country road when he swerved to avoid hitting a porcupine and crashed into a tree. As Martha argues with George that he "can\'t do this" and begs him not to "kill" their son, Nick suddenly realizes the truth—Martha and George had never been able to have a baby, for reasons that are unexplained. Instead, their game together is to imagine they have a son and invent situations and stories of him. By declaring their son dead, accordingly, George has "killed" him.  The young couple departs quietly, and George and Martha are left alone as the day begins to break outside. They speak quietly, and in the last lines Martha answers the title question with "I am, George, I am."'] ["A prim and proper British couple, Fiona  and Nigel , are on a Mediterranean cruise ship to Istanbul, en route to India. They encounter another couple on the ship, the seductive French woman Mimi  and her American husband Oscar , a self-centered paraplegic: acerbic and cynical, he is jaded and a failure as a writer. The story unfolds as Oscar invites Nigel to his cabin. Nigel accepts the invitation because he is attracted to Mimi. In his cabin, Oscar recalls, in a series of episodes, how he and the much younger Mimi met on a bus in Paris and fell in love; and then how their relationship went horribly wrong. During a series of flashbacks, Oscar recounts how his and Mimi's love developed and took a darker turn. They explored bondage, sado-masochism and voyeurism. Slowly, their self-absorbed relationship decayed, and the bored Oscar tried to break-up with Mimi. She begged him to let her live with him under any conditions, and he took advantage of the opportunity to explore sadistic fantasies at her expense. Oscar increasingly subjected Mimi to public humiliation, until she became pregnant. Oscar persuaded her that he would be a terrible father and that she should have an abortion. While she was recovering, Oscar visited her and was shocked by her condition. He almost relented in his attempts to drive her away but instead promised her a holiday to the Caribbean. On the plane before departure, Oscar pretended that his luggage wouldn't fit in the overhead bin and went to find help from an attendant. He then abandoned the flight, leaving Mimi on board. Oscar's tale continues with him immersing himself in a world of parties and one-night stands for the next two years. This hedonistic lifestyle ended when he drunkenly stepped in front of a vehicle. A much more confident Mimi visited him in hospital, where he was recovering from minor injuries and a broken leg. By manipulating Oscar's traction device, the vengeful Mimi crippled Oscar, so that he became a paraplegic. Mimi then informed Oscar that she would look after him and moved back into the apartment to be his full-time caretaker. She reveled in dominating and humiliating him, to the extent that she seduced friends in front of him. Oscar was filled with self-loathing and, by the time of his meeting with Nigel, seems to believe that he deserves this treatment. Nigel is both shocked and appalled. However, he is intrigued by Mimi and encouraged by Oscar to have an affair with her but lacks the confidence or social skills to approach her directly. Fiona subtly and repeatedly warns him not to stray too far, and that anything he can do, she can do better. Nigel attempts to meet every night with Mimi, and lies to Fiona about his intentions in doing so. Later during a shipboard New Year's Eve party, Nigel attempts to dance seductively, albeit clumsily, with Mimi, but she seems only partially interested. Oscar tells him to try harder or risk losing her to another. As Nigel attempts again to woo Mimi, she informs him that Fiona has arrived and that she is watching them. Nigel hurriedly greets Fiona, and learns that Oscar had reminded her to come to the party. Fiona indicates to Nigel that she is not impressed with his behavior, then leaves him to approach Mimi. The two women take to the dance floor and, amidst vocal approval from the rest of the party-goers, begin to erotically dance with each other and then passionately embrace. The women then depart together, leaving behind a stunned, crestfallen, and heartbroken Nigel. Oscar's attempts to philosophize serve only to needle and enrage him. He goes outside clutching a bottle of liquor and screams his frustration into the wind and waves. Later, we see Nigel awaken from a drunken stupor and go looking for Fiona. He finds her sleeping with Mimi in Oscar's cabin, where Oscar claims that he has watched the women exhaust themselves sexually. Enraged, Nigel grabs Oscar's throat and Oscar warns him off at the point of a gun. Oscar then shoots the sleeping Mimi several times as Fiona awakens and cowers beside her. Oscar then commits suicide by blowing off the back of his head. At the end, we see the bodies of Oscar and Mimi being stretchered off the ship. Fiona and Nigel are left embracing one another and sobbing as the credits start to roll. In the midst of the intense, sexual narratives and the interactions aboard the ship, Nigel and Fiona also encounter a distinguished Indian gentleman , who is traveling with his very young daughter and who, with his child, represents stability and normality. As Nigel and Fiona collapse at the film's end, the gentleman encourages his little girl to comfort them."] ['Juliette  is a Canadian magazine editor who arrives in Cairo for a vacation with her long-time husband , a UN official working in Gaza. Delayed, her husband asks his friend—a handsome Egyptian named Tareq —to watch over Juliette. Juliette finds herself falling in love not only with the city but with Tareq. Their relationship seems to have been platonic.http://www.tribute.ca/movies/Cairo+Time+/19101'] ['Tina Balser, an educated, frustrated housewife and mother, is in a loveless marriage with Jonathan, an insufferable, controlling, emotionally abusive, social-climbing lawyer in New York City. He treats her like a servant, undermines her with insults, and belittles her appearance, abilities and the raising of their two girls, who treat their mother with the same rudeness as their father. Searching for relief, she begins a sexually fulfilling affair with a cruel and coarse writer, George Prager, who treats her with similar brusqueness and contempt, which only drives her deeper into despair. She then tries group therapy, but this also proves fruitless when she finds her male psychiatrist, Dr. Linstrom, as well as the other participants, equally shallow and abusive.'] ["Parisian parents Pierre and Anne go to see a film; it bothers Pierre that Anne rejected his overtures during the movie. Not long afterwards Anne tells Pierre that she 'thinks she fell in love with someone'. Pierre registers the news without reaction. Indeed, both seem determined to remain composed and deal with Pierre's hurt pride and Anne's new interest rationally. Pierre discusses the situation with mutual friends Victor and Claire. Their reassurances are little comfort. Anne's new relationship begins to strain at Pierre. There is also the added complication of their 18 month-old son Loulou. Despite the regular presence of a nanny, Laurence, each find reason to claim the other is neglecting him. Paranoia and recrimnation begin to escalate. Fights break out, most bitterly after Pierre discovers that Anne has taken Loulou to her mother's. Pierre surprises Anne at work and asks to talk. He is more composed and tells her that he has decided he must leave. Anne reciprocates with the news that her affair has ended. Digesting this news with the same outward calm as at the beginning of the film Pierre walks Anne back to their flat. He feels unable to go in. Instead he wanders the streets, lost and unable to hail a stream of passing taxis."] ["Sally Nash and Joe Therrian are a Hollywood couple celebrating their sixth wedding anniversary shortly after reconciling following a period of separation. He is a novelist who is about to direct the screen adaptation of his most recent bestseller; she is an actress he has opted not to cast in the lead role, despite the fact it's partly based on her, because he feels she's too old for the part. This decision, coupled with an ongoing dispute about their barking dog Otis with their straight-laced, non-industry neighbors, clean-and-sober writer Ryan and interior decorator Monica Rose, has resulted in an undercurrent of tension between the two as they prepare for the arrival of their guests. Among them are aging actor Cal Gold, Sally's co-star in the romantic comedy film she presently is shooting, his wife Sophia, and their two young children; director Mac Forsyth, who is helming Sally and Cal's film, and his anorexic, neurotic wife Clair; photographer Gina Taylor, whose relationship with Joe prior to his marriage and ongoing close friendship since troubles Sally; business manager Jerry Adams and his wife Judy; eccentric violinist Levi Panes; Jeffrey, Joe's roommate - and lover - at Oxford; and up-and-coming actress Skye Davidson, whom Joe has cast in the role Sally believes deservedly is hers. In an effort to dispel the simmering animosity between them and their neighbors, Sally and Joe have invited the Roses as well. The early part of the evening is devoted to charades and lighthearted entertainment. Following a series of toasts offered by the guests, Joe distributes the ecstasy Skye brought them as a gift. As it begins to take effect, the night deteriorates, accusations are made, secrets are revealed, and relationships slowly unravel. Complicating emotions triggered by the drug are the disappearance of Otis and a phone call from Joe's father bringing tragic news about his beloved sister Lucy."] ['In this tragic tale of misunderstanding, obsession, and increasing madness, "Elle," a beautiful young woman  settles into a small town in the south of France with her introverted mother  and physically handicapped father and soon becomes the subject of wild speculation because of her aloofness and at the same time, her obvious sexuality. The young woman is actually caught up in the desire to avenge the long-ago rape of her mother, a rape committed by three Italian immigrants, one of whom is associated with a player piano. An attractive car mechanic  is enamored of her, and the woman suddenly sees him in a different light when she learns that his father, now dead, was an Italian immigrant who owned a player piano. Intent on taking action against the mechanic\'s family to right the wrong suffered by her mother, the daughter begins to lose her grip on sanity when she finds out that the men she suspects of the rape are actually innocent. In fact, her father long ago exacted his own vengeance on the three rapists. This knowledge pushes her over the edge, and she has to be institutionalized. Meanwhile, the young mechanic misunderstands what has happened and sets in motion events that cannot but lead to tragedy. The film ends with him tracking down, shooting and killing the two other men Elle suspected of raping her mother. Believing them to be responsible for Elle\'s current condition.'] ['The Popular Front wins the French general elections of 1936. In Spain the Civil War begins. Meanwhile, in a Paris apartment, Fiodor Voronin, a retired general of the Tsarist army lives an apparently quiet life with his Greek wife Arsinoé. He is a deputy at the White Russian Military Union, and he is slated to replace the aging general Dobrinsky soon. Unbeknownst to his wife and colleagues, he is also a Soviet agent. When Dobrinsky disappears, Voronin is considered a suspect, and he vanishes without a trace. His wife is tried by the French Government and her reputation is ruined. During the German occupation of Paris, the Germans discover that it is likely that Voronin was murdered by the NKVD after having been smuggled from the Soviet Embassy to Red Spain. The film is based on the true story of White Russian general  Nikolai Skoblin and his involvement in the disappearance and murder of fellow White Russian general Evgenii Miller.'] ["In Room at the Top Joe Lampton's escape from his working class background through his seduction of, and marriage to, the daughter of a wealthy mill owner had been portrayed. Ten years on Joe is living the dream of the successful young executive, complete with luxurious suburban house, white Jaguar, and two wonderful children. But Joe finds it hard to stand face to face with himself."] ['The ups and downs of marriage and commitment are realized as a disgruntled and grieving couple recount their marriage to the divorce judge. As the judge attempts to decipher whether or not their love for one another is gone, key moments of their lives together are remembered in this witty comedy/drama.'] ["{{plot}} In Philadelphia in 1946, David Alfred Eaton returns home from the war to find his mother Martha a wretched alcoholic, the victim of years of neglect and abuse from her husband Samuel, the owner of a prestigious iron and steel company. Samuel emotionally withdrew from his family thirteen years earlier after the death of his beloved son Billy, and still resents the fact that Billy died while Alfred lives. Samuel begrudgingly offers his son a position in the family business, but Alfred is moving to New York to launch an aircraft business with his old friend Lex Porter. While attending a party at the estate of Lex's wealthy uncle, Alfred makes a play for Mary St. John, the stunning daughter of a Main Line family. Mary is secretly engaged to Dr. Jim Roper, but she is sexually drawn to Alfred, and soon the two are embroiled in a tempestuous relationship. Mary's snobbish parents object that Alfred's father is a nobody and his mother is a drunk, but Mary defies them. Alfred asks his father for a loan to finance his share of the aircraft company, but Samuel humiliates Alfred and begins to sob for the lost Billy. A furious Alfred storms out in disgust, after which Samuel suffers a heart attack. On his wedding day, Alfred receives word that his father has died. Certain that Samuel has timed his death to spite him, Alfred goes ahead with the ceremony. With his uncle's money, Lex and Alfred then fund the Nassau Aircraft Corporation, but when Lex shows more interest in perfecting aircraft designs than in selling planes, Alfred becomes impatient. One wintry day, Alfred and Mary are driving home from a party when they see a little boy fall through the thin ice of a frozen pond. Alfred plunges into the icy waters to save him. The boy's grandfather, James Duncan MacHardie, the most famous financier in America, invites Alfred and Mary to dinner. MacHardie, a shrewd businessman, senses Alfred's drive and ambition, and when Alfred asserts that his goal in life is to earn more money than his father, MacHardie offers him a job in his investment firm. Obsessed by success, Alfred travels the country for MacHardie, leaving Mary alone for months at a time. Lonely and self-pitying, Mary begins to resent Alfred's constant absences. Creighton Duffy, MacHardie's son-in-law, whose position is threatened by Alfred's acumen, suggests that Alfred spend two months in rural Pennsylvania checking out the business aptitude and prospects of Ralph Benziger, a prosperous coal mine owner. After an ugly argument with his wife, Alfred goes to Pennsylvania. Invited to dinner at Benziger's home, where he meets the man's beautiful and compassionate daughter, Natalie. Lonely and overwhelmed by her sensitivity, Alfred impetuously invites her on a date, but she refuses because he is married. Later that night, however, Natalie reconsiders and arranges to meet him at a drive-in movie the following evening. Alfred confides to Natalie that her warmth and generosity has made him realize what a sham his marriage is. They kiss and she discovers that Alfred would prefer to be called David, his given first name. Natalie still believes they must end this relationship before it goes any further, for both their sakes. Upon returning to New York, Alfred is immediately summoned to MacHardie's office. He is informed that Mary has been having an affair with Dr. Roper. But the archly conservative MacHardie proceeds to warn Alfred that he will not tolerate divorce within his firm, considering it a failure in the employee's character. MacHardie also assigns him to analyze the Nassau Aircraft Corp., his former firm, as a possible investment. One night, while leaving a party with his wife, Alfred unexpectedly encounters Natalie in front of the hotel. Somehow sensing that Alfred and this woman have been intimate, Mary vindictively calls Roper and makes a date with him. Alfred goes to meet Natalie and tells her that although he is estranged from Mary, his career prevents him from requesting a divorce. Alfred begins to investigate Nassau Aircraft's business practices. Duffy, who has become unethically involved with Nassau and will reap a financial windfall if MacHardie invests in the company, threatens to blackmail Alfred unless he suppresses his report. Alfred and Natalie find themselves unable to resist their attraction to each other and a tryst in a hotel room ensues. Photographers hired by Duffy burst in and capture their indiscretion. Natalie, uncertain if Alfred's main concern is to save her reputation or his career, decides to leave. Mary, meanwhile, suggests to her husband that they share an open marriage, seeing whomever they please. After she seductively retires to her bedroom, the scandalous photos are delivered to Alfred at his home. At work the next day, MacHardie ushers in Mary to celebrate Alfred's surprise promotion to partner. Duffy smirks, only to see Alfred rise and denounce MacHardie's hypocrisy of placing success and social position above personal responsibility and happiness. Alfred then issues the uncensored report exposing Duffy's duplicity and walks out. Mary runs after him, but it is too late. He leaves her for good and returns to Natalie's home and a new life."] ["Bale plays Chris, a young married professional living an ordinary life in the fictional suburb of Eastwood near London in the late 1970s. Although he still loves his wife, Marion,  Chris still experiences boredom. A visit from an old friend, the carefree Toni, ([[Lee Ross  causes Chris to re-evaluate his life and to recall his time spent in Paris ten years before where he was in a relationship with an exciting French woman named Annick  and dreamed of becoming a photographer. Chris considers having sex with another woman at a party, until he discovers that Toni has arranged it for him in attempt to draw Chris out of his complacency. When Marion, who has herself resisted sexual advances from Toni, points out to Chris that Toni is actually jealous of all that Chris has, Chris realises that although his life may lack perpetual excitement he has made the right decisions and is content. The film explores the tension between the youthful idealism of a hedonistic existence and that of the inevitable middle-class establishment. 'Metroland' refers to the London suburbs which are served by the expansive Underground network, an environment that Chris and Toni had always promised themselves they would escape. The narrative format is largely the flashback, with extended portions showing Chris as a 21 year old living in Paris. The primary difference between this film and the 1980 novel Metroland on which it is based is the narrative structure: the book proceeds chronologically from Chris' youth to the early years of his marriage whereas the film uses flashbacks to his time in Paris. In the book Chris is a graduate student while in Paris, and has no interest in photography. Finally, in the book Chris' encounter with another woman at a party was not arranged by Toni, nor is there any indication that Toni has made a pass at Chris' wife Marion. Much of the dialogue from the book is preserved in the film."] ["In a suburban neighborhood, Paul Gold  lies in his bedroom in a vegetative state - a coma caused by a traumatic car accident, being nursed by his mother, Esther . Esther dutifully tends to Paul day and night, and in doing so has distanced herself from her husband Howard  and teenage daughter Julie . In an attempt to elicit her mother's attention, Julie enters Esther in a local radio contest in hopes of winning the brand new car that is up for grabs. Meanwhile, after ages of putting his job first, Jim Train  feels his family, especially his efficient wife Susan , no longer needs him. He tries to reconnect with his son Jake , but pubescent Jake is preoccupied with romantic fantasies that revolve around his younger sister's twelve-inch plastic doll. Jim stops going to work, claiming that a bomb threat was called into his office, and convinces Esther and Julie to let him help them win the car. The Trains' neighbor, Helen Christianson , feeling older and less desirable, tries new products to keep her feeling young but succeeds only in alienating her husband, who loves her as she is. Helen's good friend, Annette Jennings , in the midst of a messy divorce, struggles to financially provide for her two daughters. Sam , the older tomboyish daughter, is desperate to go off to camp that summer. Sam's younger sister suffers from mental disabilities and requires special schooling, schooling that her selfish ex-husband refuses to pay for. Annette is also mourning the loss of Paul, with whom she was having a relationship. Randy , the neighborhood's landscaper, is also coping  with his own younger brother's death. Annette's estranged husband comes over so that he can see the children. He states that he would like to take their eldest, Sam, on holiday. Annette refuses because Sam isn't interested in spending time with her father and her ex-husband does not want to care for the younger daughter. Sam overhears the ensuing argument and as a result runs away from her father when he tries to talk to her at the park. After stopping behind a nearby building, she bumps into Randy who convinces her that her mom instructed him to pick her up. Randy takes Sam to a remote cabin in the woods and keeps her there, not allowing her to call home while calling her 'Johnny'. After what appears to be three days, Randy starts driving back to the suburb in an attempt to recreate the night that all of the characters' lives intersected. However, when the beer he asks Sam to hand him doesn't explode, he appears to realize that the person in the back seat is Sam, not his brother, who was named Johnny. Esther eventually gets to the final two in the radio contest, only to pull out at the last moment after nearly three days of physical and emotional taxation. Julie becomes angry and runs off. Jim, angry at what he feels is an inadequate second place prize, becomes violent and wrecks the area. He gets chased off by Bobby, Helen's son, who works as the mall security guard. Esther, who finally becomes aware of how much she has neglected her daughter, goes home and tearfully suffocates her son. Jim returns home, and Randy lets Sam go home. Helen almost cheats on her husband, but after making a last minute phone call eventually returns home having done nothing. It is revealed in a flashback what caused the car crash which put Paul in a coma. Randy, Paul, and Randy's younger brother Johnny were traveling in a car after a gig that Paul's band played. Johnny gave Randy and Paul beers which were secretly shaken, so that they exploded on Paul, who was driving. Another car, carrying Julie and Bobby, came from the opposite direction, speeding to rush Julie home after an impromptu tryst so that Julie wouldn't get in trouble for violating her curfew. Both drivers became distracted, both cars had to swerve to avoid one another, and Paul's car crashed and flipped over. The guilt that has consumed Randy and Julie both throughout the film is shown to have originated from both believing that they were to blame for the crash. The final scenes of the movie show the characters coming to heightened understandings of impacts of events in their lives and the choices they've made, and lastly, the interconnectedness of the families profiled."] ['David  and Dana Hurst  are dentists who are married with three daughters and share a dental practice in Westchester County, New York. Dana is in the chorus of a community opera production, and when David goes backstage to give her a good luck charm, he sees her in the arms of another man. As he contemplates how to handle this, he begins having imaginary conversations with a difficult former patient . When the whole family gets the flu, everything is brought to a head.'] ['Bergman plays Karin, a displaced Lithuanian in Italy, who escapes the internment camp by marrying an Italian POW fisherman , whom she met in the camp on the other side of the barbed wire. She soon discovers that his home island of Stromboli is very harsh and barren, and the people traditional and conservative. They act with hostility towards this strange, foreign woman. Karin speaks little Italian adding to her difficulties. Karin becomes increasingly despondent and eventually she wants to escape the volcano island. The film also features documentary-like segments about fishing and an actual evacuation of the town after an eruption of the volcano. Most villagers are played by actual people from the island, as is typical of neo-realism.'] ['American film producer Jeremy Prokosch  hires respected Austrian director Fritz Lang  to direct a film adaptation of Homer\'s Odyssey. Dissatisfied with Lang\'s treatment of the material as an art film, Prokosch hires Paul Javal , a novelist and playwright, to rework the script. The conflict between artistic expression and commercial opportunity parallels Paul\'s sudden estrangement from his wife Camille Javal , who becomes aloof with Paul after being left alone with Prokosch, a millionaire playboy. While founded on Alberto Moravia\'s story of the progressive estrangement between a husband and wife, Godard\'s version also contains deliberate parallels with aspects of his own life: while Paul, Camille, and Prokosch correspond to Ulysses, Penelope, and Poseidon, respectively, they also correspond in some ways with Godard, his wife Anna Karina , and Joseph E. Levine, the film\'s distributor. At one point, Bardot dons a black wig which gives her a resemblance to Karina. Michel Piccoli also bears some resemblance to Brigitte Bardot\'s ex-husband, the filmmaker Roger Vadim. Also notable in the film is a discussion of Dante – particularly Canto XXVI of Inferno, about Ulysses\' last fatal voyage beyond the Pillars of Hercules to the other side of the world – and Friedrich Hölderlin\'s poem, "Dichterberuf" .'] ["Susie Parkington, an elderly society matron, is surrounded by her many relatives at her stately home at Christmastime, with the exception of her beloved great-granddaughter Jane. When Jane does appear she informs her great-grandmother that she plans to elope with Ned Talbot, her father's employee who wishes to take her away from her family and their way of life. Susie arranges a meeting with Ned, where he reveals that Jane's father Amory is being questioned for fraud and he planned to take Jane away in order to hide her from the truth. Susie sends Ned away, telling Jane to forget about him, and after hearing her grandson-in-law's side of the story makes the decision to pay off Amory's debts , much to her family's disgust, as it will mean that they will lose their inheritance. During her family's bickering Susie begins to have flashbacks of her own humble beginnings; she was a chambermaid at her mother's modest guesthouse. It was there that she met the wealthy Major Augustus Parkington, and following her mother's death they marry. Shortly after the marriage Susie is introduced to Baroness Aspasia Conti, a French aristocrat and close friend of Augustus, who helps Susie pick out clothes, accessories and even a house. Susie, originally grateful for Aspasia's help, soon grows tired of her interference in her marriage and announces that she is pregnant by her husband. An elated Augustus holds a ball to celebrate, but his happiness turns to fury when a great number of people refuse to attend due to Augustus' feud with a wealthy businessman. His rage upsets Susie, and when she runs after her husband to comfort him she stumbles and miscarries their baby. In his anger Augustus blames his neighbours for Susie's miscarriage and vows to get revenge. Four years pass and it transpires that Augustus has managed to put many of their neighbours out of business on Wall Street. After one of their neighbours, Mrs. Livingstone, fills Susie in on her husband's deeds and pleads with her to speak to Augustus about putting her husband out of business, Susie leaves her husband and moves in with Aspasia. Several weeks pass before Augustus begs his wife to return home, revealing that he has been unsuccessful in his mission to put the Livingstones out of business. Susie then informs him that she has been financially supporting the Livingstones' business and that his vendetta with their neighbours has got to stop. Augustus agrees and the couple reunite. Their marriage faces further troubles, however, when the Parkingtons' son Herbert dies. Susie becomes a recluse for a year and Augustus takes to their country home in England. Aspasia manages to convince Susie to fight for her marriage which, with the Prince of Wales' help, she does. Following this Aspasia reveals that she will be leaving the Parkingtons and moving back to Paris as she is dying. She also reveals to Susie that she has always been in love with Augustus, to which Susie shocks her by revealing she knows. After Aspasia departs for France, Augustus and Susie have a heart-to-heart discussion about their family, during which Augustus reveals that despite loathing those who receive money without deserving it, their children will lack for nothing as long as they know the value of money. It is at this point Susie realises her misgivings about her family; they have rejected her offer to bail Amory out for fear of losing their inheritance, meaning that he will be sent to prison. Seeing how distraught Jane is, having lost both her father and her lover, Susie makes the decision to bail Amory out anyway and tells Jane to follow her heart and go after Ned. Her family flee the home in disgust after learning they will be cut off by their mother, whilst Susie gleefully decides she will return to her childhood home at the guest house and start again."] ['In 1914, spoiled Fanny Trellis  is a renowned beauty, with many suitors. She loves her brother Trippy  and would do anything to help him. When Fanny learns that Trippy has embezzled money from his stockbroker employer Job Skeffington , she marries the lovestruck businessman in order to save her brother. Disgusted by the arrangement, in part because of his prejudice against Skeffington being Jewish, Trippy leaves home to fight in the Lafayette Escadrille in World War I. Job loves Fanny, but she is merely fond of him and largely ignores him. She becomes pregnant with his child, but, when Trippy dies in France, she states she is "stuck" with Job, and the marriage then becomes wholly loveless, continuing only for the child\'s sake. Job and Fanny\'s cousin, George Trellis, also enlist but remain stationed near home. Fanny enjoys playing the wealthy socialite, stringing along a persistent quartet of suitors who are unfazed by her marriage, as well as much younger lovers. Lonely, Job finds solace with his secretaries. When Fanny finds out, she divorces him, conveniently ignoring her own behavior. Their daughter, also called Fanny, prefers her father and begs him to take her with him to Europe. Although Job fears for his child and tries unsuccessfully to explain to her the nature of prejudice she will encounter as a Jew abroad, he finally, tearfully and joyfully, says yes to her. Fanny is relieved to be free of the encumbrance of a child. Fanny has a series of affairs, living well on the extremely generous settlement Job has left her, half his fortune, and hardly giving a thought to her daughter, whom she does not see for many years. She retains her beauty as she grows older , but when she catches diphtheria, it ravages her appearance. In denial, she invites her old lovers  to a party. The men are shocked  by how much Fanny has changed, leaving her distraught. Ironically, her latest young suitor Johnny Mitchell falls in love with her kind daughter , who has returned from Europe because of the rise of the Nazis. They marry after only a few months and leave for Seattle. Fanny is left alone with her maid, Manby. Fanny\'s cousin George , who has wryly observed Fanny\'s self-centeredness all along, brings Job back to Fanny\'s home, unannounced. The Nazis have left Job penniless and worse, George tells Fanny, and he calls on her to be generous. Fanny\'s vanity nearly prevents her from venturing down her home\'s grand staircase to see Job. When she does finally enter the parlor, Job moves to her, stumbles and falls, and it is apparent that, among the sufferings he has undergone in Germany, Job has been made blind. Fanny, sobbing with compassion, rushes to cradle him in her arms. As she takes his arm and guides him up the staircase, she tells the maid that "Mr. Skeffington has come home." Job had once, long ago, told Fanny that, "A woman is beautiful when she\'s loved, and only then." George tells Fanny that, at that moment, "she has never been more beautiful". At long last, she realizes the truth of it.'] ["In 1942 Nazi-occupied Paris, a young and impoverished accompanist named Sophie Vasseur gets a job with famed singer Irene Brice. As Irene's possessive husband and manager, Charles, a businessman collaborating with the Nazis, wrestles with his conscience, the highly impressionable Sophie becomes obsessed with Irene, taking on the role of maid as well as accompanist, living life vicariously through Irene's triumphs and affairs, especially romantic. When Irene relocates to London, Sophie goes along, much to the discomfort of Charles."] ["Louis Coline  is an executive assistant in a declining Paris department store. While he is not ambitious and has little to do, he is content with his wife Nina , visits to his mother and grandmother and nights out with his friends playing poker. However, the manipulative Bertrand Malair  becomes the store's new manager, and arrives to shake up the company. Louis fears for his job, but Bertrand draws him into his inner circle of confidants. Bertrand starts to control Louis' life, while Louis is afraid of losing his privileged position. To maintain it Louis works overtime, accepts Bertrand's invitations to nightclubs and dinners with an androgynous woman, and places his house at Bertrand's disposal. Nina sees through her husband's behaviour and objects, but Louis cannot refuse Bertrand's demands, and she is unable to make him see how much his personality has changed. Desperate, she leaves her husband, which only draws him further under Bertrand's control. Bertrand soon disappears as mysteriously as he came, and Louis finds himself unable to revert to his previous self."] ['Public relations man Joe Clay  meets and falls in love with Kirsten Arnesen , a secretary. Kirsten is a teetotaler until Joe introduces her to social drinking. Reluctant at first, after her first few Brandy Alexanders, she admits that having a drink "made me feel good." Despite the misgivings of her father , who runs a San Mateo landscaping business, they get married and have a daughter named Debbie. Joe slowly goes from the "two-martini lunch" to full-blown alcoholism. It affects his work and, in due time, he and Kirsten both succumb to the pleasures and pain of addiction. Joe is demoted due to poor performance brought on by too much booze. He is sent out of town on business. Kirsten finds the best way to pass the time is to drink, and drinks a lot. While drunk one afternoon, she causes a fire in their apartment and almost kills herself and their child. Joe eventually gets fired from the PR firm and goes from job to job over the next several years.  One day, Joe walks by a bar and sees his reflection in the window. He goes home and says to his wife: "I walked by Union Square Bar. I was going to go in. Then I saw myself, my reflection in the window, and I thought, \'I wonder who that bum is.\' And then I saw it was me. Now look at me. I\'m a bum. Look at me! Look at you. You\'re a bum. Look at you. And look at us. Look at us. C\'mon, look at us! See? A couple of bums." Seeking escape from their addiction, Joe and Kirsten work together in Mr. Arnesen\'s business and succeed in staying sober for a while. However, the urges are too strong, and after a late-night drinking binge, Joe destroys an entire greenhouse of his father-in-law\'s plants while looking for a stashed bottle of liquor. After commitment to a sanitarium, Joe finally gets sober for a while, with the help of Alcoholics Anonymous, a dedicated sponsor named Jim Hungerford  and regular AA meetings. When Joe tries to help Kirsten, he instead ends up drinking again, and goes to a liquor store that closed for the night. Joe breaks into the store and steals a bottle, resulting in another trip to the sanitarium. Hungerford warns him that he must keep sober no matter what, even if that means staying away from Kirsten. He explains to Joe how alcoholics often demonstrate obsessive behavior, pointing out that Kirsten\'s previous love of chocolate may have been the first sign of an addictive personality, and counsels him that most drinkers hate to drink alone. Joe eventually becomes sober for good and a responsible father to his child while holding down a steady job. He tries to make amends with his father-in-law by offering him an envelope full of cash for past debts and wrongs, but Mr. Arnesen lashes out at him for getting Kirsten involved in the alcoholic lifestyle. After calming down, Arnesen says that Kirsten has been disappearing for long stretches of time and picking up strangers in bars. One night, after Debbie is asleep, Kirsten comes to their apartment to attempt a reconciliation. Joe sees that if he were to give in, it could lead to more of his previous self-destructive behavior. Kirsten longs for going back to "the way it was" but as Joe explains to her, "You remember how it really was? You and me and booze — a threesome. You and I were a couple of drunks on the sea of booze, and the boat sank. I got hold of something that kept me from going under, and I\'m not going to let go of it. Not for you. Not for anyone. If you want to grab on, grab on. But there\'s just room for you and me — no threesome." Kirsten refuses to admit she\'s an alcoholic, but does acknowledge that without alcohol, she "can\'t get over how dirty everything looks." "You better give up on me," she says. When Debbie asks "Daddy, will Mommy ever get well?" he says "I did, didn\'t I?" When Kirsten leaves, Joe fights the urge to go after her. He looks down the street where Kirsten is walking, a "Bar" sign reflecting in the window.'] [' The film opens in 1912, immediately before the fall of the Qing Dynasty and the abdication of Emperor Pu Yi. The Pang clan, a wealthy family in a small town near Shanghai is suffering a similarly drawn out decline. Yu Zhongliang , then a 13 year-old boy, arrives at the Pang estate to live there along with his sister Yu Xiuyi  and her husband, Pang Zhengda . There, he is treated like a servant by his brother-in-law who forces him to kiss his own sister  while intoxicated by the effects of opium. In revenge Zhongliang poisons his brother-in-law\'s opium pipe and flees. Chen Kaige, however, deliberately leaves the audience in the dark, making Zhongliang\'s flight from the Pang estate all the more mysterious. As Zhongliang attempts to find his way to Beijing, however, he is taken by several men who lead him to Shanghai where he is embraced by the triads.  Years later, Zhongliang has become a handsome gigolo who seduces rich, married women for his triad Boss in order to blackmail them. The triad\'s modus operandi usually involves Zhongliang paying a visit to the woman in her room  whereupon he would usually send a clear signal to his cohorts by opening the curtains of the room\'s window. His partners in crime would then storm the room and stage a semi-mock stickup, capturing the illicit couple unawares by placing a black mask over their faces, similar to those worn by condemned criminals at the hangman\'s noose . The victim would then be threatened with exposure of the licentious affair or alternatively pay a hefty sum to keep the matter under wraps, with the victim being made to believe that Zhongliang has been swiftly \'murdered\' by the thugs. In this aspect, Zhongliang succeeded beyond his triad\'s wildest dreams, and his boss, Biggie  dotes on him like his own son. By orders of his boss, Zhongliang returns to the Pang estate to seduce Mr. Pang\'s daughter Pang Ruyi , the new head of the household, and afterwards blackmail her. Ruyi by this point has also become an opium addict, a legacy of the Pang family, who could not resist the addiction. However, the hatred he once had for the Pang family and his loyalty to the triad starts to wane as the two fall in love with each other. Throughout his liaison with Ruyi, however, he never openly declares his affections for her as he remains haunted by his past and swears to never love again. Instead, he uses an aloofness and his icy demeanor to quell Ruyi\'s longing for him. His sister, although still regarded as one of the seniors of the Pang clan, is not as respected as before and she consistently reminds Zhongliang that Ruyi would not be a good choice for him as Ruyi is helplessly addicted to opium.  Meanwhile, Ruyi\'s rise to power in the Pang family is not without controversy. Because her brother has been rendered an imbecile by Zhongliang\'s poison, she is the only competent child of her father. As a result, she is the natural heir to the family. The family elders, however, still traditional in their outlook refuse to let a woman control the fate of the family. As a result, they bring in a distant male cousin Duanwu ([[Kevin Lin , whom they hope can be their "tool" to control Ruyi. Unfortunately, Duanwu quickly falls in love with Ruyi and allows her more-or-less free rein. Ruyi uses her power to expel her father\'s concubines, infuriating the elders who beat Duanwu for his apparent impotence. It is into this intra-family drama that Zhongliang soon finds himself fully entangled. Ruyi, having fallen in love with Zhongliang, seduces Duanwu in order to "practice" for Zhongliang; this then leads Zhongliang to proceed the plan to seduce her. Zhongliang upon learning that he is slowly falling in love with Ruyi, is horrified and quickly returns to Shanghai.  Back in Shanghai, Biggie, sensing that Zhongliang is wavering in his duties, and is no longer suitable to carry out his assignments, invites Ruyi to Shanghai and show her Zhongliang\'s real job during one of the triad\'s regular heists. This particular heist involves the Woman of Zephyr Lane ([[Zhou Jie , to whom Zhongliang had developed an emotional attachment prior to his return to the Pang estate. Ruyi is accompanied by Duanwu who, in his traditional clothing finds himself out of place in the modern city. Although she is shocked that Zhongliang is involved in blackmail, she is still very much in love with him and even dresses up in contemporary Shanghai clothing to impress him. Zhongliang, however, rejects her, leaving Ruyi heartbroken. Duanwu, meanwhile, has become seduced by the modernity of Shanghai, and heady with desire rapes Ruyi.  Ruyi thereupon returns to the Pang estate, but things have changed. First, Ruyi learns that her childhood betrothal, Jingwu ([[David Wu  has returned. Jingwu informs Ruyi that their initial betrothal had been ended by his family due to Ruyi\'s opium addiction, but that he had returned on his own. Zhongliang, too, returns and upon learning of Jingwu\'s return desperately tries to win Ruyi back. Blinded by jealousy and anger, Zhongliang poisons Ruyi . Shortly afterwards, he is gunned down by his own gang while trying to sail away in a port. Duanwu, who is no longer the passive cousin he was earlier in the film is proclaimed as the new head of the Pang clan in an elaborate ancestral ceremony. Ruyi, meanwhile, is shown tied to a chair, her mind permanently destroyed as a result of the opium poisoning. In the final scene, we see all three main characters, Zhongliang, Duanwu, and Ruyi as children; they look into the camera knowingly.'] ['John Sterling  takes his young wife Lillie  to Java where he plans to invest in tea plantations. Beyond the difference in years between the two, he is neglectful, which creates reactions of frustration from his romantic young wife. Aboard a ship, Lillie witnesses a scene of cruelty – a passenger hits one of his servants. The violent man is immediately taken by the beauty of this mysterious woman and will endeavor all to make her acquaintance. Therefore, he contacts the husband, whom he attracts with his deep knowledge of the javanese tea market. John presents his new friend, the young and handsome Prince de Gace  to his wife, who immediately recognizes the violent man. Multiple situations offer the Prince a chance to approach Lillie, who spurns him. He then uses force to kiss her - Lillie tries to talk to her husband, in vain. In Java, the couple are hosted by the Prince, at this vast estate. Lillie avoids being alone with the Prince – she even wishes to join her husband in his professional investigations, which he refuses. Finally, Lillie and the Prince are alone for a few hours, and his efforts intensify. He forces himself upon her again, and she finally yields and returns his kiss. John returns to surprise the kiss in Chinese shadows, raising the question of whether the woman embracing De Gace is his wife. His suspicion confirmed by a misplaced earring, the men go on a tiger hunt. The Prince is hurt. John decides to return to the US alone, but his wife reaffirms her love for him.'] ['{{Plot}} As a child, Catherine is talking to her mother about marriage. She wants to marry her dad  and her mom says, "You can\'t marry daddy, I\'m married to him." The film then reveals what transpires 25 years later. Catherine is married to a young man, Caleb Holt , a firefighter in Albany, Georgia who lives by the motto "Never leave your partner behind". His relationship, however, with Catherine  is suffering and she wants a divorce. It seems as if they have different priorities in their lives, which has led to the breakdown of the marriage. Caleb and Catherine each fault the other for the disintegration of their relationship. Catherine characterizes Caleb as addicted to internet pornography and as selfish for saving money for a boat when she believes the money would be better spent on medical supplies for her ailing mother. Caleb says that he feels respected by everyone except his own wife. He also feels that Catherine does not value him.  When Caleb tells his father, John, about the impending divorce, John challenges Caleb to commit to a 40-day test that he calls the "Love Dare", and Caleb agrees. John is evasive about what the \'dares\' consist of and Caleb is apprehensive. Catherine doubts Caleb\'s sincerity in his attempts to win her back. She is suspicious of Caleb\'s motives because she considers his efforts to be a ruse in order to obtain a larger sum of money in a divorce settlement. She feels that Caleb\'s acts are half-hearted. For example, when he buys her flowers, he opts for the least expensive option. Catherine is not impressed with this. Caleb does, however, refrain from insulting Catherine to her face. Caleb is frustrated because Catherine is still cold towards him. With encouragement from John, Caleb continues to follow his father\'s plan. Caleb\'s close friend Michael  also has faith in Caleb. Michael encourages Caleb to become a born-again Christian. Michael illustrates marriage through salt and pepper shakers. He talks about how you always see salt and pepper together, even though they are completely different. He glues the shakers together with super glue. Caleb tries to pull them apart, but Michael warns that if he does, the contents will make a huge mess. At the hospital where she works, Catherine, begins flirting with Dr. Gavin Keller , who does not know that she is married, since she is no longer wearing her wedding ring. Catherine informs Dr. Keller of her mother\'s medical situation. At the same time, Caleb injures his arm when rescuing a girl from a house fire and is brought to Catherine\'s hospital, where a nurse inadvertently says in front of Dr. Keller that Caleb is Catherine\'s husband. As he continues his 40-day challenge, Caleb  begins doing more household chores and running more errands for Catherine, and leaves her roses. He even smashes his computer to pieces with a baseball bat in order to remove the temptation of viewing Internet pornography. Regardless, Catherine, who is led by some colleagues to think that Caleb did all these things with an ulterior motive in mind, is still intent on divorce. When she later finds out that the equipment needed for her mother\'s medical care has been paid for in full, she arranges a lunch date with Dr. Keller, thinking that he was the benefactor. Caleb discovers Dr. Keller\'s relationship with Catherine and immediately informs him that he will not let him have Catherine without a fight. Dr. Keller, who is shown bringing out his wedding ring that no longer fits , starts distancing himself from Catherine. Caleb later finds Catherine at home sick, and decides to take care of her. At this point she asks Caleb why he has changed his behavior, and he mentions the Love Dare. Caleb then fully apologizes to Catherine for his past selfishness. Catherine knows about the Love Dare because of the book, but says that she needs some time to think about their future. Days later, Catherine learns that of the $24,300 cost of her mother\'s medical equipment, Dr. Keller gave only $300 and Caleb gave $24,000, exhausting his boat savings. At this point she becomes convinced that Caleb\'s desire to change was sincere. Ashamed at her inability to think that Caleb\'s change in behavior was genuine, Catherine immediately looks for and finds her wedding ring as if it was the most precious and valuable possession she owned, dresses herself up nicely and puts on make-up, and rushes to her husband\'s fire station. There, she embraces her husband with all the respect and admiration he craved before. Caleb\'s parents are relieved to know that their son\'s marriage has been saved and Caleb expresses his thanks to his dad for the Love Dare. At that point, Caleb\'s dad explains that his mother was the one who did the Love Dare on him instead of the other way around. Immediately after hearing this, Caleb rushes home and apologizes to his mother for criticizing her all those years. The couple then renews their wedding vows in an outdoor ceremony, this time as a covenant with God. The last shot shows a wedding cake with salt and pepper shakers where the "bride and groom" statues would usually be. One has a white veil and one has a black jacket and top hat, symbolic of the marriage vows Michael stated earlier.'] ['The storyline follows the struggle of Sayward Luckett  as she travels to the unsettled Ohio Valley wilderness from post-revolutionary Pennsylvania. The series takes Sayward from a young single woman, unexpectedly left with three sisters to raise, to a married woman who becomes a mother of seven. Her faithful devotion to her family is recounted against the day-to-day struggle for survival.'] ["Colonial tea planter John Wiley, visiting England at the end of World War II, wins and weds lovely English rose Ruth and takes her home to Elephant Walk, Ceylon, where the local elephants have a grudge against the plantation because it blocks their migrating path. Ruth's delight with the tropical wealth and luxury of her new home is tempered by isolation as the only white woman in the district; by her husband's occasional imperious arrogance; by a mutual physical attraction with plantation manager Dick Carver; and by the hovering, ominous menace of the hostile elephants. The elephants end up destroying the plantation in a stampede along with a fire."] ['In 1823 Washington, Major O\'Neal  and his daughter Margaret "Peggy" O\'Neal  run an inn that is frequented by politicians. Peggy\'s outspoken and astute opinions have earned the admiration of men such as Andrew Jackson  and Daniel Webster . Virginia senator John Randolph , with whom Peggy is secretly in love, seems only to regard her as a child. When new inn resident "Bow" Timberlake ([[Robert Taylor  refers to Peggy as a "tavern girl," however, John slaps him. Bow soon falls in love with Peggy himself and proposes, but she refuses, then goes to John\'s room one night to confess her love for him. He sends her away, thinking that she is too young and does not really mean it, but begins to have a change of heart. When he finally realizes that they are both in love, however, he learns from Bow that Peggy has finally consented to marry him. Peggy again talks to John about their future, but John again rejects her, thinking that the younger Bow would be a more suitable husband. Because he is an officer on the {{USS}}, Bow must leave for a three month tour of duty shortly after their wedding. When the Constitution returns to Washington, Peggy learns that Bow has died. In 1828, Jackson is elected president amid a campaign of mud slinging aimed at his beloved Rachel , whom he inadvertently married before her divorce from her first husband was final. Soon after the election, Rachel dies after asking Peggy to look after Jackson. Peggy then becomes the president\'s official hostess and confidante, causing many of the Washington political wives to gossip and snub her. At the same time, Jackson comes under political fire from Southerners such as Randolph, who feels he has turned against them by his stand on state rights. At a ball, Peggy is excited to see John after his five-year absence from Washington and asks him to dance with her before dinner. When her childhood friend, "Rowdy" Dow, wants to fight Southern senator John C. Calhoun ([[Frank Conroy  because of an insulting remark about Peggy, however, she interrupts and asks him to dance instead. Seeing Rowdy and Peggy dancing, John returns home, but is followed by Peggy, who once again professes her love. This time, John admits his own love and the two plan to marry. Soon after telling Jackson what has happened, however, Peggy realizes that differing political views will never allow her and John to be happy, and they part. A short time later, Secretary of War John Eaton , who has loved Peggy for years, proposes. She is fond of him, and believes, like Jackson, that marriage will bring her respectability. A year later, Rowdy comes to visit and tells Peggy that John Randolph has been shot and is near death. She asks Rowdy to take her to see her John, who was shot by Sunderland , a Southerner trying to prevent him from revealing to Jackson a proposed violent rebellion. John dies contentedly after Peggy\'s visit. On the way back to Washington, Peggy and Rowdy\'s coach is accosted by Sunderland, who demands safe passage to Washington in exchange for not revealing that he has seen them. Rowdy throws him out, but soon Jackson\'s cabinet members and their wives come to him to demand that Peggy be sent away from Washington. When Peggy arrives at the meeting, Jackson lies by saying she was sent to see John Randolph by him and that Rowdy was asked by John Eaton to accompany her. Jackson then demands the resignation of his entire cabinet, except for Eaton. This somewhat mirrors the actual events, known as the "Petticoat affair". Finally, Peggy, who knows that even Jackson\'s kind lie will not lead to her acceptance in Washington, asks him to send John Eaton as the special envoy to Spain where she knows that they will find contentment.'] ["Fireworks Wednesday is a portrait of three marriages set against the backdrop of the Persian New Year, Chaharshanbe Suri . The story begins with Rouhi, a young woman approaching her wedding day, flirting with her fiance as they ride into town together on his motorcycle. To make some money to help pay for the wedding, she secures a temporary job cleaning an apartment in northern Tehran. Upon arriving at the apartment she finds herself in the middle of a heated domestic dispute between Mojdeh and Morteza. Mojdeh suspects that her husband Morteza is cheating on her with the next door neighbor Simin, a woman who set up a beauty salon there after her own marriage broke up. Over the course of the day, the young woman, the sparring couple, their small son, the wife's sister and husband, and the beautician engage in a series of exchanges, confrontations, and prevarications as the truth unfolds."] ['Dr. Bill Harford  and his wife, Alice , a young couple from New York, go to a Christmas party, given by a wealthy patient, Victor Ziegler . Bill meets an old friend from med school, Nick Nightingale , who now plays piano professionally. While a Hungarian man tries to pick up Alice, two young models try to take Bill off for a tryst. He is interrupted by a call from his host upstairs, who had been having sex with a young woman who has overdosed on a speedball. Next evening at home, while smoking marijuana, Bill\'s wife asks him if he had sex with the two girls. After Bill reassures her, she asks if he is ever jealous of men who are attracted to her. As the discussion gets heated, he states that he thinks women are more faithful than men. She rebuts him, telling him of a recent fantasy she had about a naval officer they had encountered on a vacation. Disturbed by Alice\'s revelation, Bill is just then called to the deathbed of the father of a now-engaged female friend, who impulsively kisses him and tells him she loves him. Putting her off, Bill takes a walk and meets a prostitute named Domino , and goes to her apartment. His wife phones as he begins to kiss her, after which he calls off the awkward encounter. Meeting his friend Nick at the Sonata Cafe, Bill learns that Nick has a following engagement where he must play piano blindfolded. Nick tells him about beautiful women he glimpsed when the blindfold slipped at the last gig for this customer, allowing him to surmise some of the goings-on. Bill presses for details. To gain admittance, one needs a costume, a mask and the password. Bill drives late at night to a shop called "Rainbow Fashions", whose previous owner he knew. He offers the new owner, Mr. Milich , a generous amount of money to rent to him now. Searching for a costume, the owner catches his teenage daughter  with two Japanese men and expresses outrage at their lack of sense of decency, and threatens to call the police. Bill now takes a taxi out to a country mansion where a quasi-religious sexual ritual is taking place. One woman takes Bill aside and warns him he does not belong there. Bill then with another girl walks through a few rooms where an orgy is taking place. The first woman catches up with Bill and insists he is in terrible danger for they suspect that he is an outsider. Bill is then interrupted by a masked porter who tells him that the taxi driver who is waiting outside wants to speak with him. However, the porter takes him to the main room where the masked, red-cloaked Master of Ceremonies confronts Bill with a question about a second password which Bill is unable to answer. The Master of Ceremonies insists that he "kindly remove his mask", then asks that he remove his clothes. The masked young woman who had tried to warn Bill now intervenes and insists that she be punished instead of him. As she is taken away, Bill asks what is going to happen to her. The Master cryptically replies her fate is sealed and Bill is ushered from the mansion and warned not to tell anyone about what happened there. Just before dawn, Bill arrives home guilty and confused, where his wife Alice is now awake and tells him of a troubling dream in which he and she were in a deserted city without their clothes. She felt frightened and ashamed while he went off to try to find their clothes. She then felt better, finding herself, still naked, in a beautiful garden. The Naval Officer emerged, stared at her, and the two of them began making love surrounded by many other couples doing the same. She then started having sex with many of those men and laughing at the idea of Bill seeing her with them. Next morning Bill finds Nick\'s hotel from the waitress in the next-door cafe; the desk clerk  tells Bill that a bruised and frightened Nick checked out a few hours earlier after returning with two large, dangerous-looking men. Nick tried to pass an envelope to him when they were leaving, but it was intercepted, then he was driven away by the two men in a limousine. Bill goes to return the costume and the shop owner, with his daughter by his side, states he can do other favors for Bill "and it needn\'t be a costume". The Japanese men leave; Milich implies to Bill that he has sold his daughter for prostitution. Bill has misplaced the mask, so is billed for it. Bill returns to the mansion in his own car and is greeted at the gate by a man with a note warning him to cease and desist his inquiries. At home, Bill thinks about Alice\'s dream while he watches her tutor their daughter. That evening, Bill goes to the home of the prostitute with a gift. Her roommate greets him, telling him Domino has just discovered she has HIV. Bill leaves and notices a well-dressed man is following him. After losing him, Bill reads a newspaper story about a beauty queen, Amanda Curran, who had died of a drug overdose. She is the Mandy he had treated at Ziegler\'s party. He goes to the hospital, claiming to be her doctor, and examines her body in the morgue. Ziegler summons Bill to his house and tells him he knows all the events of the past night and day. Ziegler was one of those involved with the ritual orgy and his own position with the secret society has been jeopardized by Bill\'s intrusion. Bill asks about the death of Mandy, whom Ziegler has identified as the woman at the party who\'d "sacrificed" herself to prevent Bill\'s punishment, and about Nick. Ziegler insists that Nick is safely back at home in Seattle, but does not know where to contact him. Ziegler also insists that the "punishment" had nothing to do with Mandy\'s death; she was a junkie and she has died from another accidental drug overdose. Bill does not know if Ziegler is telling him the truth, but says nothing further. When Bill returns home, he sees the rented mask on his pillow next to his sleeping wife. He breaks down in tears and as Alice awakes, he decides to tell her the whole truth of the past two days. The next morning they go Christmas shopping. His wife muses that recent events do not define their life and they should be grateful they have survived and are still together and that she loves him. She then says they need to, in her own words, "fuck" as soon as possible.  Arthur Schnitzler\'s 1926 novella Dream Story is set around Vienna shortly after the turn of the century. The couple are named Fridolin and Albertina, and their home is a typical suburban middle-class home, not the film\'s posh urban apartment. Schnitzler himself, like the protagonist of this novel, lived in Vienna, was Jewish, and a medical doctor . The couple in the novella are implied to be Jewish . According to historian Geoffrey Cocks, Kubrick  frequently removed references to the Jewishness of characters in the novels he adapted. This is reflected in the way the film handles the way Bill Harford is taunted by college students when going home in the morning. In the film, Bill is taunted with homophobic slurs. In the novella, these boys are recognized to be members of an anti-Semitic college fraternity.Peter Loewenberg notes this in his essay Freud Schnitzler and Eyes Wide Shut http://books.google.com/books?idPA268&dq1#vfalse as does Geoffrey Cocks in his book Wolf at the Door  The novella is set during Carnival, when people often wear masks to parties. The party that both husband and wife attend at the opening of the story is a masked Carnival ball, whereas the film\'s story begins at Christmas time. Critic Randy Rasmussen suggests that the character of Bill is fundamentally more naïve, strait-laced, less disclosing and more unconscious of his vindictive motives than his counterpart, Fridolin.{{Harvnb|Rasmussen|2005|p6Y7FnTDmvUIC&pgFidelio+Denmark+Kubrick&cdfalse] The party in the novella consists mostly of nude ballroom dancing. In the novella the woman who "redeems" Fridolin at the party, saving him from punishment, is costumed as a nun, and most of the characters at the party are dressed as nuns or priests; Fridolin himself used a priest costume. This aspect was retained in the film\'s original screenplay,Eyes Wide Shut original screenplay but was deleted in the filmed version. In the novella, when the husband returns home, the wife\'s dream is an elaborate drama that concludes with him getting crucified in a village square after Fridolin refuses to separate from Albertina and become the paramour of the village princess, even though Albertina is now occupied with copulating with other men, and watches him "without pity". By being faithful, Fridolin thus fails to save himself from execution in Albertina\'s dream although he was apparently spared by the woman\'s \'sacrifice\' at the masked sex party. In both the novella and film, the wife states that the laugh in her sleep just before she woke was a laugh of scornful contempt for her husband; although awake she states this matter-of-factly. The novella makes it clear that Fridolin at this point hates Albertina more than ever, thinking they are now lying together "like mortal enemies". It has been argued that the dramatic climax of the novella is actually Albertina\'s dream, and the film has shifted the focus to Bill\'s visit to the secret society\'s orgy whose content is more shocking in the film.Rainer J. Kaus, Notes on Eyes Wide Shut The character of Ziegler  is entirely an invention of the film, having no counterpart in Schnitzler. Critic Randy Rasmussen interprets Ziegler as representing Bill\'s worst self, much as in other Kubrick films; the title character in Dr. Strangelove represents the worst of the American national security establishment, Charles Grady represents the worst of Jack Torrance in The Shining, and Clare Quilty represents the worst of Humbert Humbert in Lolita.{{Harvnb}} The novella explains why the husband\'s mask is on the pillow next to his sleeping wife, she having discovered it when it slipped out of his suitcase, and placing it there as a statement of understanding. This is left unexplained in the film.'] ["The film follows aging, overworked actor Mack Cameron  as he struggles to keep up with the demands of career and family life. Cameron accepts a lead role in a low-budget independent film despite schedule conflicts with a major movie role he's lined up for, because it will be filmed in his small hometown of Littleton, Texas. Cameron sees the project as an opportunity to mend fraying relationships with his wife, Liz , and sons Tyler  and Joe . Cameron's frustration boils over when he learns he has been removed from his role in the upcoming blockbuster because of his decision to work close to home. Cameron lashes out at the people around him, further alienating his family and wreaking havoc on the set. Cameron's child co-star, CJ Kinney  is particularly affected. CJ's desire for a performing career alienates him from his peers and family, especially from his overbearing father Cal . Interaction with CJ inspires Cameron to re-assess his priorities; ultimately, he opts to put his family and life in his hometown ahead of his career."] ['The film depicts carnivalesque atmosphere summed up by the cry "Ee ja nai ka"  in Japan in 1867 and 1868 in the days leading to the Meiji Restoration. It examines the effects of the political and social upheaval of the time, and culminates in a revelrous march on the Kokyo, which turns into a massacre. Characteristically, Imamura focuses not on the leaders of the country, but on characters in the lower classes and on the fringes of society.'] ['Giulietta  explores her subconscious and the odd lifestyle of her sexy neighbor, Suzy , as she attempts to deal with her mundane life and her philandering oppressive husband . As she increasingly taps into her desires  she slowly gains greater self-awareness leading to independence.'] ['Pete  and Donna  Stanhope are a young married couple living in L.A. who are trying to conceive a child. When they discover they are unable to have children due to medical issues, their marriage begins to crumble. They decide to go on vacation and wind up stranded in a small village in Mexico  due to car troubles. They meet the charming young boy Pepillo, who was crippled in an accident years before that also killed his parents; Pepillo\'s adult brother Juan, the village mechanic; Magdalena, Juan\'s fiance, who also takes care of the village children; and Father Arturo, the village priest who is helping prepare the "flying machine" for the upcoming fiesta. Juan tries to fix the car, but the parts he must order are slow to arrive. In the meantime, Pete helps Father Arturo prepare for the annual fiesta, which is to occur in just a few days\' time. The main event of the fiesta involves a rickety old lever and pulley system wherein one lucky village child can "fly" around the plaza square. The source of the tradition dates to the village\'s local saint, who was said to have come to Dommatina many years ago and have been befriended by a young crippled boy when no one else would speak to him. As thanks for his kindness, the saint turned the boy into a dove, who flew around the plaza square three times, and then turned him back into a boy. Upon resuming human form the boy was miraculously cured. It is Pepillo\'s turn this year to fly, and he confides in Pete his belief that the saint will also cure him after his flight. Trouble ensues when the flying machine breaks just two days before the event. Pete comes through with his engineering skills and builds a new safer machine. He even sacrifices the car part that had finally arrived so that a crucial central axis part will work. Pepillo gets his chance to fly. Pete and Donna worry about how disappointed Pepillo will be when he is not cured after his flight, and they agree to use their fertility treatment money to pay for a doctor and surgery for Pepillo instead. However, during the flight Pepillo urges Father Arturo and a local villager to make the flying machine go faster and higher, straining it beyond its capabilities. Pepillo crashes to the ground and hits his hip on the statue of the saint. When he comes to, his leg is miraculously cured. Pete and Donna vow that they have just witnessed a miracle---and promise to still bring Pepillo to the U.S. to "make sure his miracle stays a miracle." Upon returning home, Pete and Donna have decided to adopt a child and are filling out paperwork. Although initially Pete did not think that he could love another child as his own, knowing Pepillo has changed him. However, Donna experiences heartburn and takes one last pregnancy test and finds out that against all odds she is pregnant.'] [' *Richard Gere as Vincent Eastman *Sharon Stone as Sally Eastman *Lolita Davidovich as Olivia Marshak *Martin Landau as Neal *David Selby as Richard Quarry *Jennifer Morrison as Meaghan Eastman'] ["A young man  arrives at a train station to see his wife. After four years of marriage the couple finds difficulty in their marriage as the husband has left there without her. The couple discuss their lives without settling on their current romantic situation. The man takes his wife back to a train without any clear statement on the couple's relationship. Meanwhile, A government official arrives to see if local fishermen in the village are fishing without permits. In the village a child has died and a fisherman is jailed for fishing without a license while a young man has arranged a marriage between him and his sixteen year old girlfriend."] ["Katie Liner is the attractive 18-year-old daughter of Jack Liner, a powerful police officer. At one of his benefit parties, she meets Jimmy Pettit, a young man in his early twenties she soon starts dating. Initially, he seems to be the perfect guy: he is well-educated, respectful, polite, popular and has no records with the police. Nevertheless, Jack is not sure about the guy and when he finds out that Katie is engaged, he is not enthusiastic. Things are going fast, though, and in a short period of time, Katie and Jimmy are married and she gives birth to a son. Soon, Katie finds out that Jimmy is not the perfect man he seems to be on the outside. He starts to show violent behavior, pushing and hitting her. Apologizing afterwards makes Katie forgives him every time. Her older sister Sharon who is growing concerned about Katie's marriage to Jimmy notices the bruises, and Katie admits the truth about how bad Jimmy is treating her, but begs her not to oust Jimmy even when she makes her promise to dissolve their marriage if he beat her again pointing out that Jimmy doesn't love her . By the time she is pregnant with her second baby, his aggressive behavior worsens, as he also starts to hit their son Jamie. Desperate, she admits to her mother that she is a victim of domestic violence and that Jimmy isn't treating her right. Ellen convinces her to dissolve their marriage, but Jimmy is not willing to let go of his wife and beats her up severely for trying to leave him. When he threatens to shoot her, she defends herself by killing him with a gunshot. Katie is arrested and admits to her lawyer that she is guilty, although claiming that she still loves her husband. Jack is shocked to find out she was abused and has trouble accepting that she did not turn to him with her problems implying how it could have saved her from the abuse. He tries to discourage her from taking the case to trial, explaining she could be sentenced for life. Katie thinks she stands a chance, though, wanting to show the jury that she was abused. She also starts to realize and is upset that Jack treats Ellen very badly, and confronts him with it . Realizing that it is the truth, he tries to better his life and apologizes to her . Once the trial begins, Katie has trouble proving the intensity of the domestic violence and is harassed by Jimmy's best friend, Wade Blankenship, who wants revenge for the killing. Additionally, the fact that none of the witnesses reported the violence sooner instead of standing by and doing nothing so as to save Katie from Jimmy's wrath starts to work against her . When Katie testifies, she admits she was naive enough to believe if she provided unconditional love to Jimmy that he would eventually stop abusing her, but finally realized that was never going to happen, and that one of them was going to kill the other. She is found not guilty by the jury and even Jimmy's parents, who at first wanted her in prison for the murder, sympathize with her. The film ends with Katie laying a flower at Jimmy's grave, then telling Jamie that they will have a better life."] ["In the early 1960s Major Hank Marshall and his wife Carly are having marital problems because of the pressures of his job and her mental illness. Hank is a nuclear engineer who favors underground nuclear testing and is at odds with his superiors over the wisdom of above-ground, open-air detonations. Carly is a free spirit who appears to be mentally unbalanced and who is slowly being suffocated by domestic torpor and encroaching age. Her behavior is, to say the least, embarrassing for her husband, especially in the confines of a military base. Her husband's reactions to this behavior are among the most interesting aspects of the movie. The family's move from Hawaii to an isolated base in Alabama alarms the couple's oldest daughter, Alex, and sends Carly into an affair with the base commander, Vince Johnson."] ["The film centres around a car wrecking yard known as Smash Palace, where Al Shaw , a former racing driver, lives with his unhappy French wife Jacqui . Jacqui begins a relationship with Al's best friend, local cop Ray Foley . After a violent argument she leaves Al, taking daughter Georgie  with her. Al kidnaps Georgie, but is cornered in Smash Palace, and agrees to hand her over in return for Ray."] ["When Katharine  throws a party on Halloween, a psychic called Arnita  predicts that one of the three couples present at the party will break up by the end of the year. The guests don't take her seriously. Arnita doesn't tell them that she can see a fourth couple at the party, the long dead Mae  and Edward . As days go by, Katharine grows increasingly jealous of her lover Rick , and his flirting with her neighbor Sandra . Sandra is married to Paul . Marta  and Billy  are rock musicians who live in the same building as Katharine."] ['A district attorney  realizes that his own wife  might be having an affair while he is prosecuting a cuckolded murderer.'] ['Ben Jordan  and his wife Katie  have been married for fifteen years; they have two children, Erin  and Josh , a nice home and a comfortable life. Their happy marriage, however, turns into a sham — a performance they deliver daily for the benefit of their children, while behind the scenes they cannot stand each other anymore. Sending their kids off to summer camp, Ben and Katie commence a trial separation, during which both try and remember what it is about the other that caused them to fall in love in the first place.'] ['Visconti\'s retelling of the Electra story starts with Sandra/Electra  returning to her ancestral home in Italy - and reviving an intimate involvement with her brother  which troubles her naive American husband ([[Michael Craig  - on the eve of an official ceremony commemorating the death of her Jewish father in a Nazi concentration camp. As ever with Visconti, he is ambivalently drawn to the decadent society he is ostensibly criticising; and Armando Nannuzzi\'s camera lovingly caresses the creaking old mansion, set in a landscape of crumbling ruins, where the incestuous siblings determine to wreak revenge on the mother  and stepfather  who supposedly denounced their father. Something like a Verdi opera without the music, the result may not quite achieve tragedy, but it looks marvellous. The title, culled from the poem "Le ricordanze"Leopardi\'s poem full text at http://www.pensieriparole.it/poesie/poesie-d-autore/poesia-18146; English translation at Google Books by Giacomo Leopardi, could be translated as \'Glimmering stars of the Great Bear\', and has a strong resonance with the movie\'s plot: : Vaghe stelle dell\'Orsa, io non credea : Tornare ancor per uso a contemplarvi : Sul paterno giardino scintillanti, : E ragionar con voi dalle finestre : Di questo albergo ove abitai fanciullo, : E delle gioie mie vidi la fine. English translation: : Glimmering stars of the Great Bear, : I never thought I\'d be back to see you : Shining down on my father\'s garden, : Nor talk to you ever again from the windows : Of this house where I spent my childhood : And saw the last of my happiness vanish.'] ["Gertrud, a former opera singer in Stockholm in the early 20th century, is married to the lawyer and politician Gustav Kanning. Gertrud tells her husband that he has become more in love with his career and status than with her. She also tells him that she has met another man who loves her more than anything else, and that she therefore prefers him to her husband and wants a divorce. Gertrud meets her lover, the promising young pianist Erland Jansson, in a park. The two go to Jansson's house. Gertrud tells him how devoted she is to him. In the evening Gustav goes to pick Gertrud up at the opera where she had said she would be, but can't find her. The next evening the Kannings attend a dinner party at the house of the poet Gabriel Lidman, with whom Gertrud has had a relationship in the past. Gertrud greets her friend Axel Nyman who attends the same party. Gustav confronts Gertrud about the opera, and demands one last night with her before the separation. Lidman tells Gertrud that he had met Jansson at a party where he had bragged about Gertrud as his latest conquest. When Gertrud meets with Jansson the next day she tells him that she wants to go away with him and leave everything else behind. He tells her that he cannot, because he is expecting a child with another woman. Lidman makes an attempt to persuade Gertrud to leave with him instead, but without success; when Lidman and Gertrud were a couple, just like Kanning, he had valued his career above her. Kanning makes a last attempt to persuade Gertrud to stay with him, even allowing her to keep her lover at the same time. The attempt fails and Gertrud moves alone to Paris to study psychology. Thirty years later, Gertrud, together with Nygren, looks back at her life. She says that love is the only thing that means anything in life. She is now alone because of her refusal to compromise on that position, but does not regret anything."] ["Dev Saran  is a successful football player in the United States. He lives in New York with his wife Rhea  who is a fashion designer. They have a son named Arjun. Also living with them is Dev's mother Kamaljeet . Maya  is an orphan who is to marry her closest childhood friend Rishi Talwar . The two have been raised by Rishi's fun-loving father Samarjit a.k.a. Sam . Dev encounters Maya moments before she is to marry Rishi. Coincidentally, it is Dev and Rhea's fifth wedding anniversary. Although Dev and Maya are strangers, they connect instantly. The two part ways and Dev bids Maya goodbye. Maya tells him that they should never say goodbye because they may meet again. Moments after they part, Dev is hit by a car and injures his leg; as a result he is no longer able to play football. Four years pass. Dev is now extremely bitter &mdash; first because of his inability to play football and second because Rhea is very successful in her career making Dev look inferior. Maya is in a similar situation: She has found that she is infertile and generally does not feel any love towards Rishi because she believes he is quite selfish. The two couples meet and quickly become friends. Rishi invites the Sarans to Sam's party. Here, Rishi and Rhea go off and dance together, much to their partners' irritation. Also, Sam and Kamaljeet show blatant signs of falling for one another. The next day, Dev and Maya witness Sam and Kamaljeet embracing. When they confront them about it, Sam and Kamaljeet explain that they are in the same situation  so have decided to help one another. Dev and Maya notice each other's marriages failing miserably, and they decide that, as friends, they need to help each other save their marriages . They meet every day for a coffee and discuss their faults as well as Rishi and Rhea's. Eventually though, Dev and Maya decide to take a break from saving their marriages and decide to spend some quality time together. They find themselves being drawn to one another. On their wedding anniversaries, they decide to organise a meal for their partners. After the meal, the couples have an argument. Dev gets angry when he thinks Rhea accepted a promotion to shift to London . Rishi gets angry at Maya when she accuses him of being selfish and not understanding her needs. Maya arrives at the station and finds Dev there. They argue and Dev eventually admits that he has fallen in love with Maya. In time, Kamaljeet and Sam notice that Dev and Maya are being stubborn in their relationships &mdash; they decide to make Rhea and Rishi talk to one another. When they do this, Rhea and Rishi realise they love their partners dearly  and that they need to stop arguing with them. For a while, the marriages start to work. The two couples then go to a ballet show where Dev and Maya each openly compliment their partners and start showing them affection. The next day, Dev and Maya believe they are cheating on one another with their partners and sleep together. Sam invites the Sarans to his house for dinner to celebrate Kamaljeet's birthday. Here, Dev 'jokingly' admits he loves Maya; Sam is the only one other than Dev and Maya, who knows that Dev was being serious. Shortly afterward, Dev and Maya are caught embracing by Sam and Kamaljeet. Sam soon has a heart attack. On his death bed, he advises Maya to leave Rishi as he can see that neither of them are happy in the marriage. Dev and Maya decide they must end their relationship and go back to Rhea and Rishi, but they must tell them about their extramaritial affairs. Rhea and Rishi decide they have had enough and divorce Dev and Maya. On the phone, Dev and Maya say that they have managed to sort things out with their partners. They believe they shall never meet again and that it is truly time to say goodbye. Three years pass. Dev and Maya have not seen each other. Rishi visits Maya and tells him that he is re-marrying and wants her to be his best man to which she agrees. Rhea arrives at Rishi's wedding with her boss Jay  whom she is now dating. Rhea learns that Rishi and Maya are divorced &mdash; Rishi learns the same about Dev and Rhea. Rhea finds Maya and tells her that she divorced Dev when she heard he was having an affair with Maya. She also tells her that Dev is on his way to Toronto by train. Maya is encouraged by Rishi and Rhea to find her true love. At the station, Dev sees Maya but tries to avoid her, believing she is still married to Rishi. However, they see each other as the train leaves. Dev pulls the emergency stop and arrives back at the station. Dev learns that Maya has also been divorced in these three years. They decide to start a new life together. Before the credits roll up, Dev narrates that love should be the only foundation of marriage because otherwise it will never work out."] ['The film tells the story of Sonia , a young Brooklyn woman who has just given birth to her first child. She is married, through an arranged marriage, to Mendel , a devout Hasidic Jew who is too immersed in his studies to give his wife the attention she craves. As a result, Sonia develops a relationship with Mendel\'s brother, the jeweller Sender , who brings her into the business. Sender is the only release for Sonia\'s repressed sexuality, and he takes full advantage of that fact as often as he can, but she is repelled by his utter lack of morals as she finds balance between what she feels and what she has been taught is "sinful". The jewellery business brings her into close contact with the young Puerto Rican artist and jewellery designer Ramon , but when Sender finds out about their connection he reveals it to the family, and Sonia is divorced and ostracised. The film ends on a more tolerance-friendly note, with Sonia balancing desire and every day life, and Mendel accepting her differences with a blessing and the promise to restore custody of their son.'] ["Charlie Bontempo  and his wife, Grace, run a legal brothel known as the Love Ranch on a large, remote property near Reno, Nevada. Grace's mother had been a madam, so Grace knew the business, but it was Charlie who persuaded her to open a brothel in a part of Nevada where doing so would not be violating the law. The business runs smoothly but is not without its headaches, such as unruly customers needing to be dealt with by a bouncer or prostitutes who get out of line. Grace is amazed, meanwhile, when Charlie procures the contract of a professional heavyweight boxer, Armando Bruza. Bruza is from Argentina and has had fights against the likes of Muhammad Ali and Joe Frazier. Charlie is eager to have a fighter, but coaxes Grace into becoming Bruza's actual manager because Charlie has a felony conviction that prevents him from getting a license. Grace can hardly believe Bruza is willing to live and train at the brothel, where he moves into a trailer. She is surprised even more when Bruza begins to demonstrate a physical interest in her, since she is married and considerably older. She is offended at first, but the boxer's attentions and outgoing personality begin to win her over. Bruza begins to voice an interest in becoming Grace's business partner in running the brothel. Charlie begins to become aware of what's happening behind his back, leading to a disastrous outcome for all."] ["The story takes place in and around Paris, France in 1931. The story told is one of a love triangle between the Millers and Anaïs Nin . She is in a stable relationship with Hugo , but longs for more out of life. When Anaïs Nin first meets Henry Miller , she sees in him a rough man from New York. He has a talent for literature and is working on his first book. Nin sees Henry and his wife June  as having a liberating, bohemian lifestyle that she is drawn to. Nin becomes involved in the couple's tormented relationship, having an affair with Henry and also pursuing June. Ultimately, Nin helps Henry to publish his novel, Tropic of Cancer, but catalyzes the Millers' separation, while she returns to her husband Hugo."] ["Thérèse is living in a provincial town, unhappily married to Bernard, a dull, pompous man whose only interest is preserving his family name and property. They live in an isolated country mansion surrounded by servants. Early in her marriage her only comforts are her fondness for Bernard's pine-tree forest, which was her primary reason for marrying him, and her love for her sister-in-law and Bernard's half-sister, Anne. On Thérèse's honeymoon, she slipped away from Bernard's bed to throw away a letter from Anne in which Anne expressed her love for Jean, a Jewish student. Later, when Jean leaves Anne, Thérèse feels a sense of satisfaction and relief. However, Anne soon leaves. Desperately lonely and trapped, Thérèse accidentally learns that an increase in Bernard's medication makes him ill. While Anne nurses Thérèse's unwanted baby, Thérèse begins to experiment, taking advantage of his hypochondria and forgetfulness. Eventually she tries to poison him with arsenic, but the dose isn't fatal. Thérèse's forged prescriptions are then discovered. Thérèse is arrested, but Bernard refuses to press charges. She is acquitted when Bernard perjures himself for her at the trial and her politically influential father bribes a court official. On the way back to the country estate, she tries to think of an explanation to offer to Bernard. Unable to give Bernard a proper explanation, she allows Bernard to place her in a prison of his own devising. He locks her in a bedroom and allows her only cigarettes and wine, as she slowly wastes away. Much later, he frees her for a party at which the family gathers to meet Anne's new husband, and their friends are shocked at her sickly appearance and deterioration. Bernard then moves her to Paris. Still hoping to learn the motives for her crime, he listens to further explanations, but he cannot understand.The movie recounts in flashback the circumstances that led to her being charged with poisoning her husband."] ['Insurer Charles Desvallées lives in a beautiful house in the countryside near Paris with his wife Hélène and their young son. He works in the city in a leisurely job, often drinking and smoking. His wife often goes to Paris for shopping, beauty treatments and cinema sessions. By accident he discovers she was not at the hairdresser when she was meant to be. He gradually grows more suspicious about the way she employs her time and asks a private investigator to follow her. The embarrassed detective duly reports that his wife sees a writer called Victor Pégala, at his home in Neuilly-sur-Seine, several times a week. Hélène appears in bed with Pégala, exchanging titbits about their respective lives. The writer is divorced with two children. On a day his wife is busy hosting a birthday party for their son, Desvallées pays Pégala a visit. At first he tells the confused writer jovially that he and his wife have an open marriage and sits and talks pleasantly with him. He asks for a tour of the small flat. On seeing the bed his demeanour changes, as he pictures his wife there. He spots a giant cigarette lighter at the bedside. This had been a 3rd anniversary present to his wife from him. He starts to feel unwell and suddenly grabs a stone bust and kills Pégala with a violent blow to the head. Desvallée calms down and meticulously cleans up and removes all fingerprints. He then brings his car round near the back gate, bundles up the body, and drags it in broad daylight but in a quiet neighbourhood to the car, where he stuffs it in the boot. En route he is rear-ended by a van after braking distractedly. Desvallée nearly panics and hurries the formalities with the other driver as a crowd assembles and a policeman remarks that his boot is now jammed. He dumps the body into a murky pond where it takes an agonisingly long time to sink. A day or two later, Hélène is grumpy and unwell. Two detectives turn up in the daytime to interrogate her about Victor Pégala, who has been reported missing by his ex-wife. They have found her name and details in the missing man\'s address book. She is flustered and avoids giving direct answers as to how she knew Victor. In the evening, she mentions the disappearance to her husband, claiming Pegala was only a vague acquaintance. The detectives return and interrogate both Hélène and Charles, who denies having even heard of the man before. Hélène finds a photograph of Victor in her husband\'s jacket pocket with his name and address on the back. She looks as if she is going to confront him but she goes outside and burns it. Her emotions are difficult to read. In the final scene the family is in their garden when the two policemen walk up the drive. Charles tells Hélène that he "loves her madly" and goes to speak to the police. The camera then moves back to the wife and child, slowly panning until they disappear hidden by soft focus foliage as Charles is presumably taken away from them.'] ['In 1957 suburban Connecticut, Cathy Whitaker , appears to be the perfect wife, mother, and homemaker. Cathy is married to Frank , a successful executive at Magnatech, a company selling television advertising. One evening Cathy receives a phone call from the local police who are holding her husband. He says it\'s all a mix up but they won\'t let him leave alone. Cathy is preparing for her annual party with her best friend, Eleanor Fine . One day Cathy spies an unknown black man walking through her yard. He turns out to be Raymond Deagan , the son of Cathy\'s late gardener. Frank finds himself forced to stay late at the office, swamped with work. One evening, however, he enters an underground bar filled with single men. One night when Frank is working late, Cathy decides to bring his dinner to him at the office. She walks in on him passionately kissing another man. Frank confesses having had "problems" as a young man, and agrees to sign up for conversion therapy. His relationship with Cathy is irreparably strained, however; and he turns to alcohol. Meanwhile, Cathy starts becoming better acquainted with Raymond. One night, after a party, Frank attempts to make love to Cathy. He is unable to become aroused and strikes Cathy when she tries to console him. Cathy finds herself completely unable to comprehend the destruction of her marriage. As she sees her once-idyllic world begin to fall apart, she turns to Raymond for comfort. He takes her on a ride to his part of the town where she meets other black people. At a gas station, they are sighted together by one of Cathy\'s neighbors, who immediately tells everyone. The town is soon ablaze with gossip about the two of them. After her husband comes home furious, Cathy unwillingly breaks off her blossoming friendship with Raymond. Over Christmas, Cathy takes her family on a vacation to Miami to take their minds off of things. At the hotel, Frank has another sexual encounter with a young man. Unable to suppress his desires, he seeks a divorce from Cathy. Cathy is later informed by their maid Sybil  that Raymond\'s daughter was attacked by three white boys. Cathy comes to their home to find them packing up and moving to Baltimore. Now that Cathy is to be single, she presents the opportunity for them to be together. Raymond declines. "I\'ve learned my lesson about mixing the two worlds," he says. In the last scene, Cathy goes to the train station to see off Raymond and say her silent goodbye to him.'] ['Taking place in the Southern United States during the early 1900s to mid-1930s, the movie tells the life of a poor African American woman, Celie Harris , whose abuse begins when she is young. By the time she is fourteen, she has already had two children by her father . He takes them away from her at childbirth and forces the young Celie  to marry a wealthy young local widower Albert Johnson, known to her only as "Mister" , who treats her like a slave. Albert makes her clean up his disorderly household and take care of his unruly children. Albert beats her often, intimidating Celie into submission and near silence. Celie\'s sister Nettie  comes to live with them, and there is a brief period of happiness as the sisters spend time together and Nettie begins to teach Celie how to read. This is short-lived, however; after Nettie refuses Albert\'s predatory affections once too often, he kicks her out. Before being run off by Albert, Nettie promises to write to Celie. Albert\'s old flame, the jazz singer Shug Avery , for whom Albert has carried a torch for many years, comes to live with him and Celie. Delirious with sickness, Shug initially regards Celie  as "ugly" on their first meeting. Despite this, they eventually become close friends and Shug helps Celie raise her self-confidence. Shug and Celie also enter into an affair .{{cite news}} Celie also finds strength in Sofia , who marries Albert\'s son Harpo . Sofia has also suffered abuse from the men in her family, but unlike Celie, she refuses to tolerate it. This high-spiritedness proves to be her downfall, however, as a rude remark to the town mayor\'s wife and a retaliatory punch to the mayor himself ends with Sofia beaten and jailed. Nettie, meanwhile, has been living with missionaries in Africa and writing to Celie often. Unbeknownst to her, Albert confiscates Nettie\'s letters, telling Celie that she will never hear from her sister again. During a visit from Shug and her new husband, Grady, Celie and Shug discover many years\' worth of Nettie\'s correspondence. Reconnecting with her sister and the assurance that she is still alive helps give Celie the strength to stand up to Albert. She almost slits his throat while shaving him, but is stopped by Shug. During a family dinner, Sofia is shown to be prematurely aged and permanently disfigured due to the severe beatings she received in jail, and demoralized into an almost catatonic state. During that time, Celie finally asserts herself, excoriating Albert and his father. Shug informs Albert that she and Grady are leaving, and that Celie and Harpo\'s girlfriend Squeak  are coming with them. Despite Albert\'s attempts to verbally abuse Celie into submission, she stands up to him by mentioning that he kept Nettie away from her because Nettie was the only one who really loved her. Before she leaves him permanently, she tells him that until he does the right thing, everything he does will go wrong. After seeing Celie stand up for herself, Sofia returns to her normal self, laughing hysterically at a dumbfounded and embarrassed Albert. She also encourages Celie not to follow in her own footsteps, as Celie holds a knife to Albert\'s throat. In Tennessee, Celie opens a haberdashery selling "one size fits all" slacks. Upon the death of her father, she learns that he was, in fact, her stepfather, and that she has inherited a house and shop from her real father. She opens her second slack shop next to her home named Miss Celie\'s Pants, while Harpo and Sofia reconcile. Meanwhile, Albert is feeling the effects of Celie\'s words. His fields and home languish into almost nonexistence as he slips into alcohol-fueled idleness, spending most of his time at Harpo\'s speakeasy. At one point, his father is seen suggesting that he find a new wife, but Albert casually grabs his father by the arm and turns him off his property. Years of guilt finally catch up with him, with the knowledge that he has been a horrible person most of his life, especially to Celie. In a sudden act of kindness unknown to her, Albert takes all the money he has saved over the years, goes down to the immigration office, and arranges a family reunion with Nettie for Celie. Her children, Adam and Olivia, who were raised in Africa, are also reunited with her. Albert looks on from a distance, and Shug smiles at him because he finally did the right thing. Nettie and Celie play their childhood clapping game as the sun sets.'] ['Socialite Anatol Spencer , finding his relationship with his wife  lackluster, goes in search of excitement. After bumping into old flame Emilie , he lets an apartment for her only to find that she cheats on him. He is subsequently robbed, conned, and booted from pillar to post. He decides to return to his wife and discovers her carousing with his best friend Max .'] ["The film revolves mainly around a scene in which Cynthia Kellogg  is interrogated by two investigators at the police station. The deposition given by Cynthia is supported by detailed flashbacks throughout the film. The interrogation arouses particular suspicion about whether Cynthia's own husband could have informed the police about the incident and anything which his wife could have confided in him."] ['Anne Shirley returns to Avonlea after five years of teaching at an orphanage in Nova Scotia while separated from her fiancé, Gilbert Blythe, who was finishing medical school. After catching up with Diana Barry and other old friends. Anne and Diana visit Green Gables, and a horrified Anne realizes that since Marilla\'s death in an episode of Road to Avonlea the owners have treated Green Gables so poorly, that it is coming apart. Later, Anne is reunited with Gilbert on the island. However, instead of settling down immediately, Gilbert asks Anne to move to New York since he has been offered a staff position at a prestigious medical institution. Her reluctant agreement comes with the promise of being published and that they will return to Prince Edward Island to raise their family. In New York, Anne is employed as a junior editor at a small publishing house, where she meets Jack Garrison, a writer and local sensation who becomes interested in Anne. Seeing her potential as a writer, he offers to become the editor for her new manuscript and use his influence to have it published under both their names. When the manuscript is accepted, Anne is outraged to learn that Jack has presented it as his own; she breaks off contact with Jack, who reveals he has fallen in love with her. Meanwhile, Gilbert is troubled by his work at the hospital - most of the doctors are more interested in prestige than saving lives. Disillusioned by life in New York, Anne and Gilbert return to Prince Edward Island. Upon returning to Avonlea, Gilbert buys Green Gables from Mr. Harrison and they set about restoring the house as they plan their wedding. However, the couple find the effect of the war in Europe to be much more present; Fred Wright, Diana\'s husband, eventually enlists in the war as his family life becomes increasingly strained. Increasing pressure results in Gilbert enlisting as medical officer and he convinces Anne to marry him before he leaves. When he is declared missing in action, Anne leaves for Europe as a Red Cross volunteer in hopes of finding him. Anne\'s desperate search leads to a chance meeting with Jack Garrison, along with his lover, Colette, and their infant son, Dominic. Jack, involved in dangerous espionage activities, leaves suddenly and asks that Anne take Colette and Dominic to London. However, Colette is killed in an explosion while Anne briefly sees Gilbert as his troop is forced to abandon their field hospital. Anne promises Colette on her last breath to take care of Dominic and find his father. Left to care for Dominic, Anne finds an injured Fred and his arm must be amputated. They leave for London and reside in Jack\'s apartment until they can return to Canada; in that time, Anne works for a British newspaper office and becomes acquainted with Fergus Keegan, Jack\'s editor, and Maude Montrose, one of Jack\'s contemporaries and a fellow spy. When Jack arrives to make arrangements for his family, he learns of Colette\'s death and asks for Anne to care for Dominic should anything happen to him. Though Anne intends to return to Canada with Fred and Dominic, her connection to Jack as well as a resurfacing chance of finding Gilbert results in taking Dominic with her to France. Disguised as a nun and befriending entertainers Margaret Bush and Elsie James, Anne struggles to bring Dominic to Kit Garrison, Jack\'s aunt who has also become involved in war efforts. Reunited again with Jack, Anne travels with him in hopes for finding her husband. As Anne\'s search continues to be fruitless, Jack attempts to persuade her to return with him to the United States and form a family with him and Dominic; Anne refuses, determined to continue searching for Gilbert in Germany. When she encounters Margaret and Elsie again, she joins them in entertaining the soldiers; in the crowd is Gilbert and Anne is reunited with him at last. Jack arranges for them to leave immediately as the armistice to end the war approaches. However, Keegan\'s fear of being exposed as a traitor by Jack\'s group results in Jack being shot on the train; as he dies, he asks that Anne take care of his son. Once the armistice is declared, Anne and Gilbert attempt to find Dominic, but after finding Kit Garrison\'s cháteau empty, they are forced to return to Canada in hopes of finding the child from home. After a year of living back in Avonlea, Anne and Gilbert arrive at the local train station to collect Dominic, whom they are adopting as their own. They decide to leave Green Gables to Diana and Fred while they "make a new life, but built on all the old foundations" and "build a good home, and raise a family, with lots of scope for the imagination."'] ['While listening to a recording of "Penny Serenade," Julie Gardiner Adams  begins reflecting on her past. Roger  and Julie Adams suffer a tragedy when she miscarries in an earthquake during their 1923 stay in Japan . They are told that she cannot have children. They request to adopt a two-year old boy, but ultimately adopt a much younger girl. They struggle to make ends meet and to retain their parental rights when Roger loses his job. When the little girl dies suddenly, the emotional strain threatens to destroy their marriage. Songs mark episodes in the action from records from their collection&mdash;the title refers to a song of the same name. In the end, they are offered the opportunity to adopt a little boy who matches their original request, miraculously saving their marriage.http://www.allmovie.com/work/penny-serenade-37643'] ["An ex-lounge singer  revisiting Las Vegas with her shady husband  encounters a cop  with whom she'd had an affair years before, and who comes in handy during the subsequent fast-paced mayhem. Hoagy Carmichael portrays Happy, the eccentric pianist at the bar where the singer used to work."] ["Tristana is an orphan adopted by nobleman don Lope Garrido. Don Lope falls in love with her and thus treats her as daughter and wife from the age of 19. But, by age 21 Tristana starts finding her voice, to demand to study music, art and other subjects with which she wishes to become independent. She meets the young artist Horacio Díaz, falls in love, and eventually leaves Toledo to live with him. When she falls ill, she returns to don Lope. The illness results in her losing a leg, which changes her prospects; here, the film substantially varies from the novel. Don Lope inherits money from his sister, Tristana eventually marries him, and, when don Lope is ill, Tristana finishes him off by feigning calling the doctor and opening the window to the winter cold. By then she has become jaded like don Lope.  In the novel she resignedly marries him in order for don Lope to receive his inheritance. Also different from the novel is Saturno's increased role , but in the film is Tristana's third love interest."] ['"No life is perfect - even if it seems to be," says James Manning, a wealthy London solicitor. When it comes to matters of right and wrong, he likes to think of himself as inflexible. Anne, his much younger wife, is accommodating and dutiful and likes the life they lead, the house in London, the Buckinghamshire hideaway. The couple seems to have it all, yet events soon will prove them wrong. In the village, a neighbour has reappeared: William Bule, son of a leading local family. He has recently returned from America, a bad marriage, and two children whose ages he cannot bother to remember. Bill is indolent and insinuating and at the village cricket match he catches Anne\'s eye. Because of him, she suggests to her reluctant husband that they should have neighbours over for drinks. However, that evening, James has to work late in the city. Before the party is set to begin, a speeding car sideswipes a man bicycling along a village lane. The man is hurled to the ground and dies a few days later. He was the husband of Maggie, the Mannings’ housekeeper. Anne takes a special interest in Maggie\'s well-being, but James can\'t understand her sudden teary investment in their housekeeper’s personal life. James, whose priorities have become skewed toward work rather than toward his wife, soon becomes suspicious that Bill may be involved in that fatal hit-and-run. When confronted, Bill initially denies the allegation, but soon tells James that the next day he would go to the police and confess, if that is what he wants, although he sees no benefit from his confessions. Back home, when James tells Anne about his conversation with Bill, she has also some striking confessions to make. Anne reveals one hurtful secret while making a salad: she was actually driving Bill’s car when drunk and accidentally hit the cyclist. While artfully arranging ingredients on a platter, she informs her already distraught husband that she has also been having an affair with Bill. Telling her story, she asserts that Bill doesn\'t really mean anything to her, because he doesn\'t make demands or judge her, as James does in little, incessant ways. Precisely because he\'s a lout, Bill makes her feel oddly liberated, if not loved. As a Buckinghamshire police inspector questions the Mannings and Bill about the accident, James is torn between doing the right thing and maintaining appearances at all costs. James really loves Anne, and the couple takes a trip to Wales in an effort to leave the accident, their guilt, and their marital troubles behind. However, Maggie, whose husband was killed, witnessed the accident. She saw the car and identifies it as belonging to Bill Bule. Yet her testimony may be biased, since Maggie knows William Bule well, having worked for his family until she was accused of stealing and dismissed. It was Anne who gave her a new start in the village.'] ['In the late 1940s, Frank Wheeler  meets April  at a party. He is a longshoreman, hoping to be a cashier; she wants to be an actress. Frank later secures a sales position with the same company at which his father worked and he and April marry. In 1955, the Wheelers move to 115 Revolutionary Road in suburban Connecticut when April becomes pregnant. Frank and April settle into the normality of suburban life while raising their children, Michael and Jennifer. The couple become close friends with their realtor Helen Givings  and her husband Howard Givings , and neighbor Milly Campbell  and her husband Shep . To their friends the Wheelers are the perfect couple, but their relationship is troubled. April fails to make a career out of acting, while Frank hates the tedium of his work. April wants new scenery and a chance to support the family so that Frank can find his passion. April recalls how Frank talked about moving back to Paris. With a failed career, she believes that Paris is the solution to their problems. She suggests they relocate. Initially Frank laughs off the idea, but then begins considering it. The only person who understands the Wheelers\' decision is John ([[Michael Shannon , Helen\'s troubled son. Frank admits to John that they indeed are running away from the "hopeless emptiness" of their repetitive lifestyle. As the couple prepares to move, they are forced to reconsider. Frank, propelled by a carefree attitude brought on by the thought of Paris, turns in a sarcastic piece of work to his boss. To his surprise, his work is considered brilliant by company executives and he is offered a promotion. April becomes pregnant again. Frank discovers that April is contemplating having an abortion. He is furious and starts screaming at April, leading to a serious altercation. April is desperate to move to Paris, but Frank is disgusted by the thought of abortion, causing him to feel that moving to Paris is an unrealistic dream. The next day Frank takes the promotion and tries to accept his uneventful life. At the end of an evening at a jazz bar with Milly and Shep, a car blocks in one of the cars the couples came in. April suggests that Frank and Milly head home to release the babysitters at each house while she and Shep wait for the blocking car\'s driver to return. They re-enter the jazz bar, eventually dancing feverishly with each other, then making love in the car. Shep professes his long-held love for April, but she rejects his interest. The following morning, Frank cheerfully admits to having an affair with an assistant at his office, hoping to reconcile with April. April responds apathetically and tells him it does not matter and her love for him has gone. The Givings come over for dinner, and John lambasts Frank for crushing April\'s hope, as well as his acceptance of his circumstances, accusing Frank of getting April pregnant specifically to destroy the idea of moving to Paris, and saying that April allowed him to do it so that she would feel her husband was "a real man". Frank gets angry, nearly attacks John and the Givings hurry out. April and Frank have another fight, which causes April to flee the house. Frank spends the night in a drunken stupor, but is shocked to find April in the kitchen calmly making breakfast the next morning. The couple have a pleasant breakfast, with April asking Frank about work and Frank seeming enthusiastic as he describes how the large computer purchase he is making will help many businesses. April\'s mood seems to have improved, but after bidding good-bye to Frank she breaks down and prepares to perform her own vacuum aspiration abortion, which proves fatal. Shep goes to the hospital to support Frank, who hysterically tells him that "she did it to herself" but is grief-stricken when he hears of April\'s demise. A new couple buys the house and we hear Milly telling the story of the Wheelers to the new owners, telling them how Frank moved to the city and is still working with computers, devoting every spare moment of his life to his children. Shep quietly tells Milly that he doesn\'t want to talk about the Wheelers anymore. Helen tells Howard that she thinks the new couple that moved in are the first people she has ever found suitable for the home. Howard asks why she does not give credit to the Wheelers, and she says they were too whimsical, trying and neurotic. As she continues discussing what she did not like about the Wheelers, Howard turns off his hearing aid.'] ['Now a successful and wealthy architect, Mark Wallace  and his wife Joanna  Wallace  fly their white Mercedes 230SL roadster to Northern France, in order to continue driving to Saint-Tropez to celebrate the completion of a building project for a client, Maurice. Tensions between the couple are evident, and as they journey south they both remember and discuss several past journeys along the same road. The earliest memory involves how they first met on a ferry crossing when Mark was travelling alone and Joanna was part of a girl\'s choir. They meet again when Joanna\'s choirbus goes off the road and Mark helps get them back on the road. When the other girls get chickenpox, Joanna and Mark unexpectedly wind up hitchhiking south together. The next story tells how the two newlyweds are travelling with Mark\'s ex-girlfriend Cathy Manchester , husband  and daughter Ruth \'Ruthie\'  from the USA. Ruthie is not given any limits, and her behaviour frustrates Mark and Jo. Eventually Ruthie reveals the unkind descriptions of Joanna her parents have made in private. At this point Mark and Joanna decide to travel alone. Next the pair drive a new MG which begins to have exhaust troubles, finally catching on fire. On this journey Joanna announces that she is pregnant. They also meet the wealthy Maurice Dalbret ([[Claude Dauphin  and his wife Françoise . Maurice becomes a generous but demanding client for Mark. The next story shows them travelling with their young daughter Caroline . Another time shows Mark travelling alone and having a fling with another motorist, but which is shown to be fleeting and unserious in nature. Later Joanna has an affair with Françoise\'s brother David , which is portrayed as much more serious than Mark\'s and threatens to end the marriage; however, while Joanna dines with David and they witness a couple eating together without saying a word, David asks, offhandedly, "What kind of people can eat an entire meal together and not talk?" Joanna replies, enthusiastically, "Married people!" and, realizing she misses Mark despite their faded passion, runs back to him. At the end of the film, the Wallaces manage to end their long-term relationship to Maurice and find a new client in Rome. They honestly analyse their fears and insecurities which have plagued them throughout the film. Finally, they cross the border from France into Italy. This is new ground for them as well as for the audience, signalling a move beyond the old issues into a more mature future.'] ["Olivia , a New York nightclub dancer, tires of the fast life and marries Henry Linden , a farmer. When Olivia moves to her new husband's farm, in Wisconsin, she encounters trouble from his domineering sister-in-law Hannah  and his brother David, , who do not approve of her. Olivia finds an ally in David's wife, Judy , who is in a loveless marriage. Olivia comes to realize that she and Judy are in the same situation. Olivia's living situation is further complicated when David defends her from the unwanted advances of a farm hand and he begins to fall in love with her. Henry is unaware of this; but, when Hannah finds out what is going on, sets fire to the home in a drunken rage. Olivia saves a badly burned Judy, and David realizes he has loved Judy after all. Olivia then decides to leave the farm; and, as she drives away, Henry joins her and they leave together."] ["Pierre Tardivet, a professor, marries Marie-José Vauzange, a sensitive and inteligent girl with bad looks. Tardivet's mean spirit soon appears in their marital life, plunging Marie-José in a monotonous life. Two children are born out this marriage. Tardivet suffers a car accident and he is tended by Dr. Bosc, a famous plastic surgeon. Bosc operates on Marie-José and her transformation is total. Tardivet's meannes exacerbates as he becomes embittered and hateful towards the new looks of his wife whom he does not consider his anymore. He kills Dr. Bosc at the time when Marie-José and her sister's husband, Gérard Durieu, want to elope and restart their lives. Aware of her duties, she renounces her happiness to tend to her husband and children."] ['Jean Harvey and his wife Gabrielle are renowned within Paris\' haute bourgeoisie for the salons they host each Thursday evening. Jean and Gabrielle live a comfortable yet regimented life in a well-appointed Paris mansion, assisted by a retinue of devoted servants. Yet their marriage is more of a contract than a relationship. Jean confides to the audience that he loves Gabrielle "as a collector loves his most prized object." On their 10th anniversary, Jean comes home to find a note from Gabrielle in which she writes that within the hour she will have left to meet her lover. Jean spends several minutes digesting the meaning of the note. Gabrielle returns shortly, though, and Jean and Gabrielle reflect on their marriage for the remainder of the film.'] ['Los Angeles housewife and mother Mabel loves her construction worker husband Nick and desperately wants to please him, but the strange mannerisms and increasingly odd behavior she displays while in the company of others has him concerned. Convinced she has become a threat to herself and others, he reluctantly commits her to an institution, where she undergoes treatment for six months. Left alone with his three children, Nick proves to be neither wiser nor better than his wife in the way he relates to and interacts with them or accepts the role society expects him to play.'] ["Toshirō Mifune plays a young idealistic doctor who works at his father's  clinic in a small and seedy district. During the war, he contracts syphilis from the blood of a patient when he cuts himself during an operation. Treating himself in secret and tormented by his conscience, he rejects his heartbroken fiancée without explanation."] [' Irene  is the wife of Victorian "man of property" Soames Forsyte , having married without love but after many proposals. Rebelling against her husband\'s preoccupation with material possessions, a list in which she is included, Irene falls in love with unconventional architect Philip Bosinney ([[Robert Young , who is engaged to Soames\' niece June , one of Irene\'s closest friends. Soames learns of Irene\'s affair with Bosinney, and rather than allowing Irene to leave him, he reasserts his physical rights. When Soames and Bosinney discover that Irene has run away, Bosinney rushes out in the foggy London streets after her, only to be run over in an accident. After Irene learns of Bosinney\'s death she takes refuge with Soames\' cousin Young Jolyon , who is June\'s estranged father but has sympathy for Irene\'s plight. Irene and Young Jolyon eventually marry, after Irene spurns Soames\' attempts at reconciliation.'] ["Harvey Fairchild is a wealthy, Malibu-based architect who is turning 60 and suffering from a form of male menopause. He feels aches and pains, real or imaginary, and seems unhappy with his professional and personal life. Harvey's patient wife Gillian tries to cheer him with family get-togethers and an elaborately planned birthday party. But she secretly has worries of her own, a throat condition that could result in the loss of her voice. Whining his way through day after day, Harvey snaps at his pregnant daughter Megan and makes rude remarks to his actor son Josh. He tries going to a priest, only to discover that the man to whom he is confessing is an old rival from their college years at Notre Dame. He also consults a local psychic, Madame Carrie, sex with whom leaves Harvey with a venereal disease. The miserable Harvey is furious with a client named Janice Kern who can't stop revising her plans for a magnificent house Harvey has been building, but he has meaningless sex with her as well. Gillian bravely hides her cancer fear from the family, but finally, overcome with emotion, she confides in her friend and neighbor, Holly. Harvey threatens to spoil the birthday party for everybody. He is in such a foul mood that just because a friend named Belmont tells him a depressing story about an illness, he amuses himself by introducing Belmont to the VD-infected psychic. Gillian warns her husband that he is going to lose everything if he continues to behave this way. During his party, Gillian's doctor arrives to inform her that the biopsy test results are negative and she is going to be all right. She takes Harvey aside to let him know just how precious life really can be."] ["Jeanne Tournier  lives with her husband Henri  and child in a mansion near Dijon. Her emotionally remote husband is a busy newspaper owner who has little time for his wife, except when he chooses to place demands upon her; often they sleep in separate rooms. Jeanne escapes to Paris regularly when she can spend time with her chic friend Maggy  and the polo-playing Raoul , Maggy's friend and Jeanne's lover. Jeanne's constant talk of Maggy and Raoul leads to Henri demanding that Jeanne invite them to dinner and to stay as overnight guests. Jeanne's car breaks down on the day of the dinner party, and she accepts a lift from a younger man, Bernard , and then asks him to drive her home. By the time they get back, Maggy and Raoul have already arrived at the mansion. It transpires that Bernard, an archaeologist, is the son of a friend of Jeanne's husband, and he too is added to the guest list. Jeanne spurns Raoul's advances, claiming it is too dangerous, but she spends time in a small boat on the river with the attentive Bernard. Clandestinely, they spend the night together. In the morning, to the surprise of everyone, Jeanne leaves with Bernard for a new life."] ['Big Bad Love shares its title and characters with those in Mississippi writer Larry Brown\'s short story collection, particularly those in the book\'s final story, "92 Days"."92 Days" from Big Bad Love, Vintage Books, New York, 1991. pp. 139–228. The story is dedicated to "buk". The main character is an unsuccessful alcoholic writer, motivated by desire for his estranged wife  and the urging of his Vietnam War buddy Monroe  to continue to write. He is angry, yet hopeful that he will sell a story. When tragedy strikes a close friend and his daughter, Leon is forced to rethink his way of life.'] ['A photographer is sent to Armenia to take pictures of churches for a calendar. He slowly begins to realise that his wife, an Armenian translator, is falling in love with their driver and unofficial guide, Ashot. They grow more and more distant from each other and finally separate. Later, at his home in Toronto, he uses an escort agency to invite a number of women to dinner, finally settling on the one who looks and sounds most like his wife.'] ["In May 1536, immediately following the execution of his second wife, Anne Boleyn , King Henry VIII  marries Jane Seymour , who dies in childbirth eighteen months later. He then weds a German princess, Anne of Cleves . This marriage ends in divorce when Anne deliberately makes herself unattractive so she can be free to marry her sweetheart. . After this divorce, Henry marries the beautiful and ambitious Lady Katherine Howard . She has rejected love all her life in favour of ambition, but after her marriage, she falls in love with Henry's handsome courtier Thomas Culpeper . Their liaison is discovered by Henry's advisers and the couple are executed. The weak and aging Henry consoles himself with a final marriage to Catherine Parr , who survives her husband."] ["As he is about to die, Porter's life flashes before him in the form of a musical production staged by the archangel Gabriel in the Indiana theater where the composer first performed on stage. From the start, Linda is aware of Cole's gay feelings, but her love for and devotion to him are strong enough for her to overlook his romantic flings outside their marriage. After a while, she can no longer ignore the innuendos in his songs and their relationship grows strained. Cole is photographed in an amorous embrace with another man in the rest room of a gay nightclub, and both he and Linda are blackmailed into paying a heavy settlement to suppress publication of the pictures. When he shrugs off the blackmail, she finally goes to Paris, leaving him bereft. Not until he is injured in a horseback riding accident that seriously cripples him does she return to his side, willing to forgive but still finding it difficult to cope with his extramarital affairs. Eventually she is diagnosed with emphysema, and as she prepares herself and her husband for her impending death, she attempts to forge a relationship between him and her interior decorator so he'll have a companion following her death, which deeply affects him. The eventual amputation of his right leg adds to his deep depression, affecting his creative output. Porter becomes increasingly reclusive, as well as becoming more dependent on alcohol.{{cite news}}"] ['During the opening credits, Bergman can be overheard giving instructions to and discussing with his staff while preparing a shot. The film is framed through the account of Alma , who addresses the audience directly while sitting at a picnic table. She tells of her husband\'s disappearance, which is explored in a flashback constructed of his diaries and her words. Johan Borg  is a painter who is regularly approached by odd and suspicious people. He confides to his young, pregnant wife Alma  that he believes them to be demons, and that his insomnia is growing worse. On the nights when Johan can\'t sleep, Alma stays awake by his side through the nights, especially during the "vargtimmen" , during which, Johan says, most births and deaths occur. Johan begins to give names to the figures who approach him, including the Bird-Man, the Insects, the Meat-Eaters, the Schoolmaster , and The Lady With a Hat. In one scene, he recounts to his wife meeting a small boy tanning himself on a rock. As the boy approached Johan, he violently smashed the child\'s face against a stone before tossing him into the ocean to drown. Alma reacts to the story with shock. The couple are approached by a baron von Merkens , who lives in a nearby castle. The painter and his wife visit them and their surreal household. In a later encounter with only Johan in attendance, Johan\'s ex-girlfriend Veronica lies waiting on a table. A man dresses Johan in make-up and women\'s clothing in preparation for a sexual encounter with her only for the baron\'s guests to laugh and mock him as they meet. Johan panics, and flees into underbrush. In the last act of the film, Alma searches the forest for her husband, only to find his mangled body. In the final moments, she addresses the camera, "Is it true that a woman who lives a long time with a man eventually winds up being like that man? I mean, she loves him, and tries to think like him, and see like him? They say it can change a person. I mean to say, if I had loved him much less, and not bothered so of everything about him, could I have protected him better?"'] ["Pablo Morales  is a cheerful taxidermist, who lives with his bitter obsessive wife Gloria , who is extremely religious. After Gloria takes money Pablo was saving and gives it to the church and pretends he was beating her he takes his revenge by poisoning her. He then dissects Gloria's body and places her skeleton in the front window of his shop. The police and local priest become suspicious and he is put on trial but he manages to escape justice."] ['Giovanni Pontano , a distinguished and successful writer, and his beautiful wife Lidia  visit their dying friend Tommaso Garani  in a hospital in Milan. Giovanni\'s new book, La stagione , has just been published and Tommaso praises his friend\'s work. They drink champagne together, but Tommaso is unable to hide his severe pain. Shaken by the sight of her dying friend, Lidia leaves, saying she\'ll visit again tomorrow. Giovanni stays behind a while longer. As he leaves his friend\'s room, a sick and uninhibited young woman attempts to seduce Giovanni before being interrupted by the nurses. Outside the hospital Giovanni sees his wife crying but does not comfort her. As they drive off he tells her about his "unpleasant" encounter with the sick woman, and is surprised when Lidia dismisses the incident. They drive to a party celebrating Giovanni\'s new book, which has been well received. Giovanni signs books while his wife looks on from a distance. After awhile Lidia leaves, still shaken by Tommaso\'s dire condition. She wanders the streets of Milan, ending up in the neighborhood where she and Giovanni lived as newlyweds. She comes across a brutal street fight which she tries to stop, and later she watches rockets being set off in a field. Back at the apartment Giovanni finally hears from Lidia and he picks her up from the old neighborhood which seems to have little sentimental value for him. Later they decide to go to a nightclub where they watch a mesmerising and seductive performance by a female dancer, and engage in small talk. "I no longer have inspirations, only recollections," Giovanni tells his wife. Lidia suggests that they leave the club and attend a swanky party thrown by a millionaire businessman. "One must do something," she says. At the party, Giovanni socialises with the guests and appears to be in his element, while Lidia walks around in a state of boredom. They spend some time with the host, Mr. Gherardini , who seems disappointed by his wealth. They exchange insincere flattery. Giovanni wanders off and meets Valentina Gherardini , the lively, charming daughter of the host. As they flirt, she teaches him a game she just invented involving sliding a compact across the floor, and soon others gather to watch their competition. Later they see each alone and Giovanni makes a pass at her, kissing her while Lidia looks on from the floor above. Later Mr. Gherardini meets privately with Giovanni and offers him an executive position with his company to write the history of his company. Giovanni is reluctant to accept, but leaves the offer open. With Lidia\'s family\'s wealth and his own earnings from publishing, he doesn\'t need the money. Meanwhile Lidia calls the hospital and learns that their friend Tommaso died ten minutes earlier. Overwelmed with grief, she watches from a window the guests enjoying themselves. Later she sits at a table alone opposite an empty chair. Giovanni walks over and does not sit down, and Lidia does not tell him about Tommaso\'s death. Giovanni sees Valentina and follows after her, leaving Lidia alone. Lidia walks to the band and appears to enjoy the music. A man named Roberto  who had been following her approaches and asks her to dance, and she accepts. A sudden rain shower, however, sends the guests running for cover, with some jumping in the pool like children. As Lidia is about to jump in from the diving board, Roberto stops her, takes her to his car, and they drive off together. She enjoys Roberto\'s company and their conversation, but as he\'s about to kiss her, Lidia turns away from him, saying, "I\'m sorry, I can\'t." Back at the party Giovanni searches through the crowd and finds Valentina alone watching the rain. She tells him she\'s smart enough not to break up a marriage, and instructs him to spend the rest of the evening with his wife. Giovanni reveals that he\'s going through a "crisis" common among writers, but in his case it is affecting his whole life. They return to the guests, just as Lidia and Roberto return from their drive. Giovanni seems slightly annoyed by Lidia\'s behavior. Valentina invites Lidia to dry off in her room, where Lidia confronts her directly about her husband. As the women chat, Giovanni overhears his wife tell Valentina that she feels like dying and putting an end to the agony of her life. Noticing Giovanni she tells him that she is not a bit jealous of his playing around with Valentina. They say goodbye to Valentina and leave the party at morning\'s first light with the jazz band still playing for the few couples still listening. As Giovanni and Lidia walk away across Gherardini\'s private golf course, they talk about the job offer that Giovanni says he\'ll turn down. Lidia finally tells him about Tommaso\'s death, and recounts how Tommaso used to support her and offer his affections to her, but she eventually chose Giovanni because she loved him. She tells him, "I feel like dying because I no longer love you." Giovanni recognizes the failure of their marriage, but tells her, "Let\'s try to hold onto something we\'re sure of. I love you. I\'m sure I\'m still in love with you." Lidia takes out a love letter Giovanni wrote to her just before they were married and reads it aloud. Giovanni asks who wrote it, and she says, "You did." Giovanni embraces and kisses her, but she resists saying she no longer loves him, and neither does he love her. Unable to acknowledge his own failure, Giovanni continues to make love to her in a sandtrap on a golf course beneath a gray morning sky.'] ["An unknown woman's body is seen caught in the lantana bush, missing a shoe. Leon , a police officer, and Jane ([[Rachael Blake  have sex in a motel room. They part ways, and we see that Leon and his wife Sonja  attend Latin dance classes that recently separated Jane is also taking. Leon does not enjoy the classes, and is seen savagely beating a drug dealer during a bust. He has emotional issues, but won't confront or admit to them. Sonja sees a therapist, Valerie  who has just published a book on her own daughter's murder 18 months ago. She and her husband, John,  are barely on speaking terms; he later refers to their marriage as held together by their grief. She feels threatened by another patient of hers, Patrick Phelan, who is having an affair with a married man and is forcing Valerie to confront her own issues in her marriage to John. Hoping to see Leon again, Jane purposely bumps into him outside the police station, and they have sex again, despite Leon's reservations about taking it any further. Her next door neighbour, Nik, is upset that she is seeing someone because he is friends with her estranged husband Pete, who wants to return home. Jane pairs up with Sonja in the next salsa class, which angers Leon; he ends their arrangement, which upsets Jane. She invites Nik over for coffee at the behest of his wife, Paula, with whom she is friendly, and offers him money as they are struggling. Paula starts to dislike Jane because of it. Valerie is coming home late one night and drives off the road. She is stranded, and makes several calls to John, who does not answer. Finally, she is seen approaching a car coming along the road, but never makes it home. Leon is the investigating detective on the case, and looks into her office and notes. Surprised at seeing his wife's name and file, he takes a recording of their sessions. Leon arrives home late but Sonja is not asleep: he asks her about her therapy sessions with Valerie, they discuss their relationship and he tells her of his affair which had just ended, but that he still loves her. Sonja is very upset and feels betrayed. Leon sleeps on the couch, in the morning Sonja says he'll be lucky if she returns home that night. Leon goes to John's house to interrogate him as the main suspect in his wife's disappearance. Leon starts a discussion about love, marriage and having affairs but lies to John when asked if he ever had an affair. Leon goes to Jane's house on police duty, because she has placed a call. Her neighbours are Paula , a nurse, and Nik . Jane was up late one night, watching Nik arrive home and throw something in the bushes across the road from her house: later she finds it is a woman's shoe. Leon and his partner arrive at Jane's and declare that the shoe was Valerie's. The police take Nik to the station and he leaves his children with Jane. Police call Paula to come in from her work. Neither Nik nor Paula knows that Jane made the police call. Although Paula does not like Jane, she calls her to thank her for minding their children. The police interrogate Nik but he refuses to answer questions about Valerie, repeatedly asking to see Paula. After seeing his wife, Nik calms down and talks with Leon and his partner. Valerie had car trouble and Nik was driving past; he agreed to give her a lift to her home but she panicked when he took a back road short cut and left his truck. Valerie had run off leaving behind her shoe. Paula goes to Jane's house to get her children, where she tells her that Nik is innocent of Valerie's disappearance. Jane asks how she knows that, and Paula simply replies that he told her. Jane asks if she can spend more time with the kids, but Paula forbids it, after seeing how Jane went over into her house and tidied it. Leon, his partner, Nik, and John go to the place where Valerie jumped out of the truck. They find her body where she had accidentally fallen down a ravine. Leon listens to the rest of the therapy tape where his wife had said that she still loved him and he bursts into tears. Leon returns home and sees his wife outside. Jane salsa dances alone, drinking and smoking, while Pete leaves her. Patrick is pained to see his lover happily spending time with his wife and kids. Nik and Paula appear to have recovered from the whole affair, and seem to have been the only honest and happy people of them all. The movie ends with Sonja and Leon dancing together seductively. Leon, who at the beginning of the film finds dancing with his wife difficult, now appears to be doing well. He looks Sonja directly in her eyes and dances just as she always wanted. Sonja struggles to initially return Leon's gaze but does so just before the movie ends."] ["Prem Sagar , a teacher at a private college in Delhi, is married to Indu  in an arranged marriage recently and is still learning ropes of relationships, when the arrival of Prem's mother  spells doom to their budding relationship. Indu, unable to handle her interference in the marriage, leaves Prem to return to her family. Prem searches for answers from a variety of people, including a Swami , who reveals the secret of a successful marriage, as a result, he finally gains the maturity to love his wife.The Householder screenrush."] ["The film tells a tale of six central characters, their failures, obsessions and darkest desires. Set in an army post, it tells the story of Maj. Weldon Penderton  and his wife Leonora . Other central characters are Lt. Col. Morris Langdon  and his sick wife Alison , the Langdons' houseboy Anacleto  and a mysterious soldier, Pvt. Williams . The story begins at an Army base in the 1940s. Maj. Penderton assigns Pvt. Williams to a private house call instead of his usual duty, which is maintaining the stables. Meanwhile we are introduced to Maj. Penderton's wife, Leonora, who is about to go horseback riding with Lt. Col. Langdon. From the first scene with Leonora the viewer is aware of her extramarital affair with Langdon, as well as her strong bond with her horse, Firebird. Also a point made in the film is Williams's strong bond with all the horses in the stable. On one of their rides, Langdon and Leonora witness Pvt. Williams riding nude. Leonora and Penderton have an argument that same night which Williams witnesses through a window of their home, which develops into Williams spying on them from outside at first, then breaking into the house and watching Leonora sleep at night. As the nights continue Williams starts to sift through her feminine things, and caresses her lingerie. Penderton takes Leonora's horse and rides wildly into the woods, but he falls off and is dragged a distance by the horse. He then beats the horse. Pvt. Williams while riding naked comes to the horse and brings him back to the stable to tend the horse's wounds. Penderton becomes infatuated with Williams and starts to follow him around the camp. Upon finding out about her horse, Leonora interrupts her own party and repeatedly strikes her husband in the face with her riding crop. Alison Langdon, the wife of Lt. Col. Langdon, is recovering from having sliced off her nipples with a pair of pruning shears, the apparent result of depression following the death of her newborn child. Alison's only bond is with her effeminate Filipino houseboy. Alison, being very aware of her husband's adulterous behavior, decides to divorce him, but is then forced into an asylum by her husband as she tries to leave him. Langdon falsely tells Leonora and Penderton that Alison was going insane. Soon, Penderton is informed that Alison died of a heart attack, but in truth she committed suicide. One night Penderton looks out of his window to find Williams outside his house. He thinks that Williams has picked up his subtle signals and is coming to see him, but instead watches Williams enter his wife's room. He then enters his wife's room and shoots Williams."] ["On her birthday, Margherita  receives a video camera from a friend, who is a film director . She decides to use the device to keep a diary of her life. As the camera is capable of recording automatically, snippets usually feature her talking. However, on one occasion, Margherita leaves the camera in her bedroom as it was still recording; it catches Margherita's husband, Paolo , who has always had a distant demeanor to her, as he cheats on her with her best friend . A secret scandal ensues in their separation with Paolo's departure and Margherita going into a deep depression, even to the point of contemplating suicide. Her friend, the director who gave her the camera, examines the film, and concludes that it is interesting material for an actual movie."] ['The film begins in 1536 when Henry VIII  considers whether or not he should sign the warrant for the execution of his second wife, Anne Boleyn: then, in a long flashback which takes up virtually the entire film, the whole truth is revealed. Starting in 1527, Henry has a problem: he reveals his dissatisfaction with his wife, Catherine of Aragon . He is currently enjoying a discreet affair with Mary Boleyn, a daughter of Sir Thomas Boleyn who is one of his courtiers; but the King is bored with her too. At a court ball, he notices Mary\'s 18-year-old sister Anne , who has just returned from her education in France. She is engaged to the son of the Earl of Northumberland and they have received their parents\' permission to marry. The King, however, is enraptured with Anne\'s beauty and orders his Lord Chancellor, Cardinal Wolsey, to break up the engagement. When news of this decision is carried to Anne, she reacts furiously. She blames the Cardinal and the King for ruining her happiness. When Henry makes a rather clumsy attempt to seduce her, Anne bluntly informs him how she finds him: "I\'ve heard what your courtiers say and I\'ve seen what you are. You\'re spoiled and vengeful and bloody. Your poetry is sour and your music is worse. You make love as you eat with a good deal of noise and no subtlety." Henry brings her back to Court with him, whilst she continues to resist his advances out of a mixture of repugnance for Henry and her lingering anger over her broken engagement. However, she becomes intoxicated with the power that the King\'s love gives her. "Power is as exciting as love," she tells her brother George Boleyn, "and who has more of it than the king?" Using this power, she continually undermines Cardinal Wolsey , who at first sees Anne as just a passing love interest for the King. When Henry again presses Anne to become his mistress, she repeats that she will never give birth to a child who is illegitimate. Desperate to have a son, Henry suddenly comes up with the idea of marrying Anne in Catherine\'s place. Anne is stunned, but she agrees. Wolsey begs the King to abandon the idea because of the political consequences of divorcing Catherine. Henry refuses to listen. When Wolsey fails to persuade the Pope to give Henry his divorce, Anne points out this failing to an enraged Henry. Wolsey is dismissed from office and his magnificent palace in London is given as a present to Anne. In this splendour, Anne realizes that she has finally fallen in love with Henry. They sleep together and, after discovering that she is pregnant, they are secretly married. Anne is given a splendid coronation, but the people jeer at her in disgust as "the king\'s whore". Months later, Anne gives birth to a daughter: Princess Elizabeth. Henry is displeased since he was hoping for a boy, and their marital relationship begins to cool. His attentions are soon diverted to Lady Jane Seymour, one of Anne\'s maids. Once she discovers this liaison, Anne banishes Jane from court. "She has the face of a simpering sheep," she informs Henry, "and the manners, but \'not\' the morals. I don\'t want her near me." During a row over Sir Thomas More\'s opposition to Anne\'s queenship, Anne refuses to sleep with her husband unless More is put to death. "It\'s his blood, or else it\'s my blood and Elizabeth\'s!" she cries hysterically. More is put to death, but Anne\'s subsequent pregnancy ends as a result of a stillborn boy. Henry demands that his new minister, Thomas Cromwell, find a way to get rid of Anne. Cromwell tortures a servant in her household into confessing to adultery with the Queen; he then arrests four other courtiers who are also accused of being Anne\'s lovers. Anne is taken to the Tower and placed under arrest. When she is told that she has been accused of adultery, she laughs. "I thought you were serious!" she says, before being informed that it is deadly serious. When she sees her brother being brought into the Tower, Anne asks why he has been arrested. "He too is accused of being your lover," mutters her embarrassed uncle. Anne\'s face shudders with horror before she whispers, "Incest?... Oh God help me, the King is mad. I am doomed." At Anne\'s trial, she manages to cross-question Mark Smeaton, the tortured servant who finally admits that the charges against Anne are lies. Henry makes an appearance, before visiting Anne in her chambers that night. He offers her freedom if she will agree to annul their marriage and make their daughter illegitimate. Anne refuses, saying that she would rather die than betray their daughter. Henry slaps her before telling her that her disobedience will mean her death. Moving back to 1536, Henry decides to execute Anne. A few days later, Anne is taken to the scaffold and beheaded by a French swordsman. Henry rides off to marry Jane Seymour and the film\'s final shot is of their young daughter, Elizabeth , toddling alone in the garden as she hears the cannon firing to announce her mother\'s death.'] ['A young married couple, Gilles and Marion, sit in an office while they listen to a lawyer read out the formal terms of their separation, after which they book a hotel room together.<ref namehttp://www.timeout.com/film/reviews/81640/5-x-2.html|title16 March 2005|publisher15 October 2009}} The plot then travels backwards chronologically, with the following chapter focusing on a tense dinner party the couple hosted for Gilles’ brother and his boyfriend some time previously, at which Gilles appears to admit to infidelity, before moving back again to the point at the birth of their son, which Gilles manages to miss by several hours, leaving Marion’s parents as the only family with her in the hospital. The film then reverts to their wedding day, before ending with scenes at the Italian beach resort where, already acquaintances from work, they ran into each other by chance and first began their relationship.{{cite web}} Ozon has also said that the backward structure of the story was in part inspired by Jane Campion’s 1986 film Two Friends, and that it allowed for “a true, lucid reading of a couple’s story”.'] ["New York City food writer Rachel Samstat and Washington, D.C. political columnist Mark Forman meet at a mutual friend's wedding and, after a whirlwind courtship, they marry, despite Rachel's reservations. They purchase a dilapidated Georgetown townhouse in Washington and the ongoing and seemingly never-ending renovations create some stress in their relationship. Rachel, overjoyed to discover she is pregnant, is determined to make her marriage work and becomes a stay-at-home mom. When she discovers evidence of Mark's extramarital affair with socialite Thelma Rice during her pregnancy with her second child, she leaves him and takes their daughter Annie to New York, where she moves in with her father and tries to jump start her career. Mark eventually convinces her to return home, but when it's obvious his philandering will never end, Rachel leaves him for good."] ['Tom Stall  is a local restaurant owner in the small town of Millbrook, Indiana. One night two men attempt to rob the restaurant. When one of the criminals is about to kill the waitress, Tom deftly kills both robbers, and his actions make him an overnight celebrity. He is soon visited by scarred gangster Carl Fogarty  who alleges that Tom is actually a gangster named Joey Cusack, who had dealings with him in the Irish Mob in Philadelphia many years ago. Tom vehemently denies these accusations and claims he has never been to Philadelphia, as well as never meeting him before, but Fogarty remains persistent in his claims and continues to stalk the Stall family. Under pressure from Fogarty and his newfound fame, Tom\'s relationships with his wife Edie , teenage son Jack , and young daughter Sarah  become strained. After an argument with Tom over the use of violence after he brutally assaults a bully at school, Jack runs off and is caught by Fogarty. With Jack as his hostage, Fogarty and his men go to the Stall house and demand that "Joey" return with them to Philadelphia. Tom kills Fogarty\'s men with the same precision he used against the robbers, while Jack kills Fogarty with a shotgun in defense of his father. At the hospital, Edie confronts Tom, claiming that while he was attacking Fogarty\'s men, she saw the real "Joey" that Fogerty was talking about. Tom shocks Edie by admitting that he is actually Joey Cusack, and that he had killed for both money and pleasure. He tells Edie that he ran away from Philadelphia to escape his criminal past. Tom stated he spent 3 years changing his life around in order to rid himself of the violent gangster in him, and to start a normal life as "Tom Stall". After Tom gets out of the hospital, Sam, the local sheriff pays him a visit. Sam expresses his confusion about everything that happened. He tells them that these mobsters wouldn\'t go to all this trouble if they weren\'t sure they had the right man. Just when Tom is about to confess, Edie defends him and lies to Sam, claiming that Tom is who he says he is, and their family has suffered enough. At a loss for words after Edie breaks down into tears, Sam leaves. This furthers the tensions in their marriage. Tom receives a call from his brother Richie Cusack , who also demands his return to Philadelphia, or else he will come see him. After traveling to Philadelphia and confronting his brother, Tom learns that the other mobsters whom he had offended in Philadelphia took out their frustrations on Richie, preventing him from moving up in the criminal organization. Tom offers to make peace, but Richie orders his men to kill him. Tom defends himself and kills Richie and the guards. Tom returns home, but the atmosphere is tense and silent as the Stalls sit around the dinner table. The fate of his marriage and the future of his life as Tom Stall is uncertain, but Jack and Sarah indicate their acceptance of their father by setting a plate for him and passing him some food.'] ['Dorothea "Dot" Parker  is a spoiled rich girl whose father invites a working stiff at his steel mill to dinner after the man saves several of his coworkers lives in an industrial accident. Dot\'s mother  is a hopeless snob who wants to call off dinner with a worker she deems lower class, but Mr. Parker, who is a far better judge of character, persists. Dot takes one look at her father\'s handsome employee Richard Brunton  and is hopelessly smitten. Dot wagers with her father that she will get a proposal from Richard and is soon collecting on her bet. The marriage initially threatens to emasculate Richard, who loses interest in his career and finds himself dominated by Dot\'s vapid, social whirl of bridge games, cocktail parties and passive acceptance of life as a "kept" man. He must ultimately put his foot down and assert to the spoiled heiress that he is the man of the house and that they must live honestly off of his income alone, much to the petulant Dot\'s initial distress. Though made in the years before Hollywood\'s Production Code placed uncompromising rules on the sex, drinking and violence that could be shown in movies, the romantic comedy Kept Husbands  is far from the racy content of other Pre-Code movies of the time. In fact, the film is in many ways highly conventional for how it reaffirms the gender roles in the Brunton household, arguing that the man and woman should fulfill their proper duties. In the Depression years, rich heiresses were not especially appealing figures for impoverished audiences. Conventions of the time demanded that haughty women like Dot be put in their place by the film\'s end.'] ["Le Ly Hayslip is a girl growing up in a Vietnamese village. Her life changes when the communist insurgents show up in the village to first fight the forces of France and then the United States. During the American involvement, Le Ly is captured and tortured by South Vietnamese government troops, and later raped by the Viet Cong because they suspect that she is a traitor. After the rape, her relationship with her village is destroyed, and she and her family are forced to move. Her family moves to Saigon and she is employed by a family there. The master of the household misleads her into believing that he genuinely cares for her, and she falls for him and gets pregnant by him. The master's wife becomes enraged and Le Ly's whole family is forced to move back to their former province. There she meets Steve Butler , a Gunnery Sergeant in the United States Marine Corps. When she first meets him she is not interested in a boyfriend or marriage, having been through so much suffering. Steve falls for Le Ly and treats her very well, making a big difference in her life while in Vietnam. The two leave Vietnam and move to the United States. Their life together begins well, but years of killing and life in the bush take their toll on Steve who becomes uncontrollably violent. The relationship falters, despite Le Ly's attempts to reconcile with Steve. After an impassioned plea by Le Ly for Steve to come back to her, Steve commits suicide. Many years following this tragic experience, Le Ly returns to Vietnam with her sons and shows them where she came from."] ['Harry "Rabbit" Angstrom comes home one day from his dead-end job to find his pregnant wife Janice asleep, splayed in front of the TV, highball glass in hand. After a moment\'s contemplation, he decides to leave. Taking his coat and car keys, he\'s off and running on a rambling, aimless journey.'] ['The film is set in 1920s China during the warlord era, years before the Chinese Civil War. Nineteen-year-old Songlian , whose father has recently died and left the family bankrupt, marries into the wealthy Chen family, becoming the fourth wife or rather the third concubine &mdash; or, as she is referred to, the Fourth Mistress &mdash; of the household. Arriving at the palatial abode, she is at first treated like royalty, receiving sensuous foot massages and brightly-lit red lanterns, as well as a visit from her husband, Master Chen , the master of the house, whose face is never clearly shown. Songlian soon discovers, however, that not all the concubines in the household receive the same luxurious treatment. In fact, the master decides on a daily basis the concubine he will spend the night with; whomever he chooses gets her lanterns lit, receives the foot massage, gets her choice of menu items at mealtime, and gets the most attention and respect from the servants. Pitted in constant competition against each other, the three concubines are continually vying for their husband\'s attention and affections. The First Mistress, Yuru , appears to be nearly as old as the master himself. Having borne a son decades earlier, she seems resigned to live out her life as forgotten, always passed over in favor of the younger concubines. The Second Mistress, Zhuoyun , befriends Songlian, complimenting her youth and beauty, and giving her expensive silk as a gift; she also warns her about the Third Mistress, Meishan , a former opera singer who is spoiled and who becomes unable to cope with no longer being the youngest and most favored of the master\'s playthings. As time passes, though, Songlian learns that it is really Zhuoyun, the Second Mistress, who is not to be trusted; she is subsequently described as having the face of the Buddha, yet possessing the heart of a scorpion. Songlian feigns pregnancy, attempting to garner the majority of the master\'s time and, at the same time, attempting to become actually pregnant. Zhuoyun, however, is in league with Songlian\'s personal maid, Yan\'er  who finds and reveals a pair of bloodied undergarments, suggesting that Songlian had recently had her period, and discovers the pregnancy is a fraud. Zhuoyun summons the family physician, feigning concern for Songlian\'s "pregnancy." Doctor Gao , who is secretly having an illicit affair with Third Mistress Meishan, examines Songlian and determines the pregnancy to be a sham. Infuriated, the master orders Songlian\'s lanterns covered with thick black canvas bags indefinitely. Blaming the sequence of events on Yan\'er, Songlian reveals to the house that Yan\'er\'s room is filled with lit red lanterns, showing that Yan\'er dreams of becoming a Mistress instead of a lowly servant; it is suggested earlier that Yan\'er is in love with the Master and has even slept with him in the Fourth Mistress\' bed. Yan\'er is punished by having the lanterns burned while she kneels in the snow, watching as they smolder. In an act of defiance, Yan\'er refuses to humble herself or apologize and thus remains kneeling in the snow throughout the night until she collapses. Yan\'er falls sick and ultimately dies after being taken to the hospital. One of the servants tells Songlian that her former maid died with her mistress\'s name on her lips. Songlian, who had briefly attended university before the passing of her father and being forced into marriage, comes to the conclusion that she is happier in solitude; she eventually sees the competition between the concubines as a useless endeavor, as each woman is merely a "robe" that the master may wear and discard at his discretion. As Songlian retreats further into her solitude, she begins speaking of suicide; she reasons that dying is a better fate than being a concubine in the Chen household. On her twentieth birthday, severely intoxicated and despondent over her bitter fate, Songlian inadvertently blurts out the details of the love affair between Meishan and Doctor Gao to Zhuoyun; who later catches the adulterous couple together. Following the old customs and traditions, Meishan is dragged to a lone room on the roof of the estate and hanged to death by the master\'s servants. Songlian, already in agony due to the fruitlessness of her life, witnesses the entire episode and is emotionally traumatized. The following summer, after the master\'s marriage to yet another concubine, Songlian is shown wandering the compound in her old schoolgirl clothes, having gone completely insane.'] ["Rebecca is a film actress, who is about to make her stage debut at Lincoln Center. Her husband, Tom gave up a lucrative job in advertising to take care of their young daughter. Occasionally, Tom and Rebecca have sex; once a year, they meet with their therapist, Dr. Beekman. Tom and Rebecca's best friends are her brother Tobey, a sportswriter, and his girlfriend Elaine. Elaine, who has been dating Tobey for seven years, has begun to feel the ticking of her biological clock. Tom and Rebecca each face extramarital temptations. Tom responds to a personal crisis that stems from his decision to choose kids over career by watching pornography and having an affair with a divorced mother from his son's school. Rebecca is pursued on the set by a young costar, Jasper, who would like to be able to claim that he's bedded a famous actress."] ['Beth left her small town and despite the disapproval of her parents, married Jake “the Muss” Heke. After eighteen years they live in an unkempt council house and have six children. Their interpretations of life and being Māori are tested. Their eldest daughter, Grace, keeps a journal in which she chronicles events as well as stories which she tells her younger siblings. Jake is fired from his job and is satisfied with the unemployment benefit, spending most of the days getting drunk at the local pub with his friends. There he is in his element, buying drinks, singing songs and savagely beating any other patron whom he considers to have stepped out of line. He often invites huge crowds of friends back from the bar to his home for wild parties. While Jake portrays himself as an easy-going man out for a good time, he has a vicious temper when drinking. This is highlighted when his wife dares to “get lippy” at one of his parties and he savagely attacks her in front of their friends. Beth is shown to love her kids deeply but is incredibly flawed and weak. She too turns to drink when things go wrong, with angry outbursts and occasional violence on a much smaller scale. Her children are shown to do everything for themselves and even resignedly clean the blood-streaked house after her beating, which is obviously not a first from their reaction. Nig, the Heke’s eldest son, moves out to join a street gang whose rituals include facial tattoos . This usually shows the heritage of the person; in Nig’s case, he shows only the heritage of his mother, with the Moko located on only one side of his face. He is subjected to a merciless beating by the gang members but then embraced as a new brother by the leader and later sports the gang’s tattoos. Nig cares about his siblings, but despises his father for his thoughtless brutality. He is angered when his mother is beaten, but deals with it by walking away. The third son, Mark “Boogie” Heke has a history of minor criminal offences and is taken from his family and placed in a foster home as a ward of the state due to the situation with his parents. Despite his initial anger, Boogie finds a new niche for himself, as the foster home’s manager Mr. Bennett helps him embrace his Māori heritage. Jake does not care that Boogie is taken away; he comments that it will do him some good, to toughen him up a bit. Beth is heartbroken, and goes to an effort to get the money together to visit him. Jake pays for the rental car from gambling winnings but deserts the family to go to the pub and they never make the journey. Grace, the Heke’s 13-year-old daughter, loves writing stories as an escape from the brutality of her life. Her best friend is a homeless boy named Toot who lives in a wrecked car. She despises the future she believes is inevitable and is constantly reminded of getting married and playing the role of the wife, which she believes is catering to one’s husband’s demands and taking a beating when one has deserved it. She dreams of leaving and being independent and single. Grace is raped in her bed by father’s friend “Uncle Bully” who tells her that it is her fault for “turning him on” by wearing her “skimpy little nighty”. She becomes depressed. She tries to go to her friend Toot for support, but he kisses her, trying to show his love for her. She reacts violently and storms out, believing him to be “just like the rest of them”. After wandering through the city streets one night, Grace comes home to an angry Jake. As she is about to go to bed, Bully asks for a goodnight kiss in front of everyone, to test his power over her. Grace refuses and her father tears up her journal and nearly beats her up. She runs out to the backyard crying. Beth returns home a minute later and goes outside looking for Grace, only to find that she has hanged herself from a tree branch. Jake is soon kicked out of home by a newly defiant Beth after he refuses to change his lifestyle and stays in the pub with his mates while the rest of the family are attending Grace’s traditional Māori funeral ceremony. Beth stands up to him properly for the first time as he refuses to let her be taken to the marae; he has always felt second rate for not being in touch with his heritage, in his words, “a black bastard”. The film cuts back and forth between the mourning, Jake in the pub bottling it up and the family on the marae. Boogie impresses Beth with his Māori singing at the funeral and Toot says his goodbyes, telling her the gentle kiss was all he meant by it. Boogie reassures Toot that Grace loved him and Beth tells him to live with them. Reading Grace’s diary later that day, Beth finds out about the rape and confronts Jake in the pub. Jake at first threatens Beth, but Nig steps between them, protecting his mother. He hands him Grace’s diary and Jake, true to form, reacts by severely beating Bully, even to the point of stabbing him with a glass bottle in the crotch. Beth blames Jake just as much as Bully for allowing the circumstances under which it happened. She leaves and states her intentions to leave with their children and return to her Māori village and traditions, defiantly telling Jake that her Māori heritage gives her the strength to resist his control over her. Jake hopelessly sits on a curb outside the pub as the family leaves, with sirens wailing in the background, presumably for him.'] ['An upper class Caucasian woman living in New York  is unable to conceive a child with her Korean-American husband , who is sterile. After her husband attempts suicide, she contacts a young illegal immigrant from Korea  to pay him to have sex with her, so that she might get pregnant and save her marriage.'] ["Ever since the death of their daughter Emily, Doug  and Lois Riley  have been drifting apart. As Lois wrestles with a suffocating sense of guilt over her daughter's death, Doug copes by entering into an affair with Vivian, a local waitress. Lately, Lois hasn't even been able to muster the courage to venture outside, summoning hairdressers to her home in order to maintain appearances and communicating with few people other than her sister Harriet and the local pastor. When Vivian dies and Doug finds himself in a New Orleans strip club during a business trip, he realizes he's come to a dangerous crossroads in life. Turning down an offer for a private dance by 16-year-old stripper Mallory , Doug instead accompanies the girl home and makes a most unusual proposition: If Mallory will allow him to stay in her run-down house long enough to straighten himself out, he will pay her $100 a day for her trouble. For Mallory, who isn't used to getting money for nothing, it seems like a great deal. She accepts, and Doug phones Lois to tell her he won't be coming home. As time passes, Doug and Mallory settle into an unconventional kind of domesticity. Meanwhile, back home, Lois realizes that she'll have to act fast in order to save her marriage, even if that means venturing well outside her comfort zone for the first time in nearly a decade. Most days she can't even make it to the mailbox, but after a couple of attempts, Lois manages to start up her car and get on the freeway heading south. When Lois arrives in Louisiana and discovers that her husband is living with a foul-mouthed, underage stripper, she is at first horrified. Like Doug before her, however, Lois quickly warms to Mallory due in part to her striking similarities to Emily. Before long, Lois, too, has moved in, and the three form an unconventional family. But when Lois attempts to steer Mallory from the path of self-destruction, the young girl bristles. Mallory is arrested after an altercation with a client, and Doug and Lois rush to be by her side, but shortly after they bail her out, she runs away. Doug and Lois realize they cannot use Mallory as a substitute for their daughter and return to Indianapolis. Shortly after returning and settling back at home, Doug receives a phone call from Mallory in Houston. She announces her plans about moving to Las Vegas, just before boarding the bus. Doug clarifies to her that she will always be supported by his family, if any needs should come. Doug and Lois finally begin to re-engage with the world."] ["A newspaper photographer, Jean Janes, travels to the Isles of Shoals off the New Hampshire coast with her husband Thomas, an award-winning poet; his brother Rich, and Rich's girlfriend Adaline. She is researching the murder of two immigrant women in 1873. In a twist of fate, Jean discovers archived papers that appear to give an account of the murders. According to the papers, a third woman, a Norwegian immigrant named Maren Hontvedt, survived the attack by Louis Wagner. The plot unfolds the narrative of the papers and Hontvedt's testimony against Wagner. Jean privately struggles with jealousy and increasing suspicion as she suspects her husband of infidelity with Adaline."] ["Natale, an apprentice bricklayer, and Luisa, who has no skill, marry and try to live with Natale's parents and other relatives in one apartment, what might happen in the poorest classes in Rome about 1950. After a quarrel Natale and Luisa precipitately leave without a place to live. The remainder of the film is devoted to their finding housing. The solution is building a one room brick dwelling as a squat on unused railway land on the outskirts of Rome. As this is illegal Natale gets his workmates to assist him during the night. Provided a dwelling has a door and a roof the householder cannot be evicted. At dawn when the police arrive to remove them the dwelling is complete except for part of the roof, but a humane policeman looks the other way. We suppose that Natale and Luisa, now pregnant, live happily ever after."] ["The story revolves around Jo Armitage , a woman with an ambiguous number of children from three marriages, who becomes negative and withdrawn after discovering that her third  husband, Jake , has been unfaithful to her. After a series of loosely related events in which Jake's infidelity is balanced by his reliability as a breadwinner and a father, Jo and Jake take a first tentative step toward reconciliation. Most of the story is based on two issues: Jo's predilection for childbearing and Jake's extramarital affairs. The question of Jo's fertility is first broached by her psychiatrist. He suggests that she may feel uncomfortable with the messiness or vulgarity of sex, and that she may be using childbirth to justify it to herself. This does not prevent her from becoming pregnant again, but she follows suggestions by Jake and her doctor that she have an abortion and be sterilised, and she seems happy after the operation. Meanwhile, signs accumulate that Jake has been having affairs while pursuing a successful career as a screenwriter. The first indication is about a woman who lived with the Armitage family for a while. Jake reacts irrationally and unconvincingly to Jo's questioning after the children tell her the woman fainted into Jake's arms. The second sign comes from Bob Conway , an acquaintance who alleges an affair between his wife and Jake during production of a film in Morocco. Finally, Jake admits some of his infidelities under heated interrogation by Jo. After venting her frustration by furiously assaulting him, she retaliates by having an affair with her second husband. This elicits a similar coldness from Jake. In the film's finale, Jo spends a night alone in the unused windmill that the family once lived in. The following morning, Jake and their children arrive at the windmill with food. Seeing how happy her children are with Jake, Jo indicates her acceptance of him by sadly but graciously accepting a can of beer from him, a gesture which echoes another scene in the windmill from a happier time in their marriage."] ['Stephanie Anderson is struck with Multiple Sclerosis and she is slipping into the depths of depression. She begins seeing a psychiatrist and despises him for not being able to feel her pain. Her conductor husband is also drifting away from her, having an affair with his secretary. Stephanie shuts herself away from the world, once locking her door and replaying her old concert tapes, watching despairingly as her on-screen self plays music that she will never be able to create again. She attempts suicide but fails when her maid rescues her. Soon, however, she comes to terms with the facts of her bitter end and realizes that life must go on.'] ['Barkley and Lucy Cooper are an elderly couple who lose their home to foreclosure, as Barkley has been unable to find employment because of his age. The couple summons four of their five children &mdash; the fifth lives thousands of miles away in California &mdash; to break the news and decide where they will live until they can get back on their feet. Only one of the children, Nell, has enough space for both, but she asks for three months to talk her husband into the idea. In the meantime, the temporary solution is for the parents to split up and each go to live with a different one of the children. The two burdened families soon come to find the respective parents\' presence bothersome. Nell\'s efforts to talk her husband into helping are half-hearted and achieve no success, and she reneges on her promise to eventually take them in. While Barkley continues looking for work to allow him and his wife to live independently again, it is obvious that he has little or no prospect of success. When Lucy continues to speak optimistically of the day that he will find work, her teenage granddaughter bluntly advises her to "face facts" that it will never happen because of his age. Lucy\'s sad reply is to say that "facing facts" is easy for a carefree 17-year old girl, but that at Lucy\'s age, the only fun left is "pretending that there ain\'t any facts to face ... so would you mind if I just kind of went on pretending?" With no end in sight to the uncomfortable living situation, each of the host families looks for a way to get the parent they are hosting out of their house. When Barkley catches a cold, his daughter Cora seizes upon it as a pretext to assert that his health demands a milder climate, thus necessitating that he move to California to live with daughter Addie there. Meanwhile, son George and his wife Anita begin planning to move Lucy into a retirement home. Lucy accidentally finds about their plans, but rather than force George into the awkward position of breaking the news to her, she goes to him first and claims that she wants to move into the home. Meanwhile Barkley resigns himself to his fate of having to move thousands of miles away, though he too is entirely aware of his daughter\'s true motivation for sending him. On the day Barkley is to depart by train, he and Lucy make plans to go out and spend one last afternoon together before having a farewell dinner with the four children. The couple have a fantastic time strolling around the city and reminiscing about their happy years together, even visiting the same hotel in which they had stayed on their honeymoon 50 years prior. Their day is made so pleasant partly because of the kindness of various people they encounter, who, although strangers, seem to find them a charming couple, to genuinely enjoy their company and to treat them with deference and respect. This, of course, stands in stark contrast to the treatment the two are receiving from their children, and eventually Barkley and Lucy decide to continue their wonderful day by skipping the farewell dinner and dining at the hotel instead. When Barkley informs their daughter of their decision with a blunt phone call, it prompts introspection among the four children. Son Robert suggests that each of the children has always known that collectively they are "probably the most good-for-nothing bunch of kids that were ever raised, but it didn\'t bother us much until we found out that Pop knew it too." George notes that it is now so late in the evening that they won\'t even have time to meet their parents at the train station to see their father off. He says that he deliberately let the time pass until it was too late because he figured their parents would prefer to be alone. Nell objects that if they don\'t go to the station, their parents "will think we\'re terrible", to which George matter-of-factly replies, "Aren\'t we?" At the train station, Lucy and Barkley say their farewells to one another. On the surface, their conversation echoes Lucy\'s comments to her granddaughter about preferring to pretend, rather than facing facts. Barkley tells Lucy that he will soon find a job in California and then quickly send for her, and Lucy replies that she is sure he will do so. They then offer each other a truly final goodbye, saying that they are doing so "just in case" they do not see each other again because "anything could happen". Each makes a heartfelt statement reaffirming their lifelong love for the other, in what seems an unspoken acknowledgment that this is almost certainly their final moment together.'] ['The film is set in an exclusive beach community on Long Island, where children\'s book author and artist Ted Cole  lives with his wife Marion  and their young daughter Ruth , who usually is supervised by her nanny Alice. Their home is filled with photographs of the couple\'s teenaged sons, who were killed in an automobile accident; the tragedy left Marion deeply depressed and her marriage in shambles. The one shared experience that holds the family together is a ritualistic daily viewing of a home gallery of family photographs of the deceased sons. Ted and Marion temporarily separate, each alternately living in the house and in a rented apartment in town. Ted hires Eddie O\'Hare  to work as his summer assistant and driver, since his own license was suspended for drunk driving. An aspiring writer, Eddie admires Ted, but he soon discovers the older man is a self-absorbed womanizer with an erratic work schedule that leaves the young assistant to fill his time as best he can. Eddie and Marion soon engage in a sexual relationship, which seems not to bother Ted, who is enjoying trysts of his own with local resident Evelyn Vaughn  during sketching sessions at which she serves as his model. When Ruth walks into the room while Eddie and her mother are making love, Ted becomes upset with his wife and advises Eddie he may have to testify about the incident if Ted decides to fight for full custody of the child. Marion eventually leaves Ted and their daughter, taking with her all the photographs and negatives of her dead sons, save one that is being reframed after it was broken, injuring Ruth. Eddie takes the initiative to retrieve the one remaining reframed picture so that Ruth can have at least one partial image of her brothers. Ted confides in Eddie the story of the car accident that caused his sons\' deaths. Ted suggests his and Marion\'s drunkenness and Ted\'s failure to remove snow from the rear tail and turn lights likely contributed their sons\' deaths. Eddie learns more about what may have contributed to Marion\'s intense despair, mental states, and choice to abandon her remaining child. At the end of the film, Ted does not fully understand why Marion left, and he questions, "What kind of mother leaves her daughter?"'] ['Jake Lever ([[Adam Kaufman  is a successful cardiologist living in Washington, D.C. While at the hospital, he dreams that his brother, Benjamin, tells him that they are okay. Jake is confused and is baffled after learning later that day that his brother has died suddenly. He feels guilty for not having kept in touch with his brother for several years. After Ben\'s funeral held in Brooklyn, Jake finds out that because his brother\'s wife Leah  has been left without children, they must perform a ceremony called halizah in order to nullify a levirate marriage. Jake and Leah agree, but Jake changes his mind after seeing a necklace which his brother gave him. Dating from before Benjamin left home, the necklace reminds Jake of how much he loved his big brother. He pulls Leah aside and tells her that he doesn\'t want to deny his brother\'s existence. After deciding that she wants to leave her mother\'s home, become independent, and start college, Leah agrees to move with Jake to Washington. Jake is constantly busy with work at the hospital, his girlfriend Carol has little patience for his new "wife", and Leah adjusts to finding her way around a new city. But eventually, true love arises, and the two find that the greatest gift Benjamin has left them is each other.'] ["Eddie Quinn's unruly wife Maureen drinks and smokes to excess, even though she is pregnant. Eddie has troubles of his own, disappearing for days at a time. When she is physically and sexually assaulted by Kiefer, a neighbor, it is more than Eddie can handle. He shoots someone and lands in a psychiatric hospital. Ten years go by. Eddie finally returns, only to find Maureen is now a clean, sober, solid citizen, married to a new man, Joey, and a mother of three children, one of whom is Eddie's own daughter. Eddie's return complicates and endangers all of their lives."] ['{{plot}} Radhika  has been married for over ten years to Nikhil  and is having an affair for the past six months with the interior designer of their new flat, Krish. Radhika is now pregnant with Krish’s child and pours out her plight to a friend, Rita . She mentions a particular incident where she suffered a miscarriage of their second child that had started the rift. Radhika says that she did not want to have this baby, while Nikhil did, and adds that both of them have not quite gotten over the miscarriage. Radhika wants to come clean with Nikhil, while Rita advises her to sort things out in her mind first as to what she wants before she tells Nikhil. Radhika then plays out various scenes in her mind where she has told Nikhil of her affair and visualizes different ways in which Nikhil could react. The first scenario has Nikhil lying on the couch while Radhika has confessed all and is helplessly asking him for advice as to what she should do now since she doesn’t have a clue. Nikhil is silent for the most part but lashes out at her when she mentions their daughter, Sakshi. Nikhil walks to the kitchen to make himself a cup of coffee and relates to Radhika for the first time, what he had to go through when she suffered the miscarriage. Nikhil then breaks down, saying that he came home on a day quite as ordinary as other days to find his wife was pregnant and the baby was not his. He seems fixated on the last part, and keeps re-iterating it. Radhika tries to reach out to him but he brushes her away. He slowly walks out of the kitchen, into the hall and then the balcony, as Radhika follows and realizes he has taken a jump from their high rise apartment. The next scenario has Radhika and Nikhil on their dining table, Nikhil is singing at the top of his voice, much to Radhika’s consternation, while he repeatedly refuses to believe Radhika’s confession, attributing it to the fact that Radhika is just a typical bored urban Indian wife and is making the whole story up for laughs. Nikhil pokes fun at the situation saying “Krish and Radha” are so perfect for each other, all the while nonchalantly pounding away on his laptop. Radhika retains her focus on the dining table again, where a supper time scenario is played out this time. As they sit down to eat, Nikhil starts off asking Radhika the cryptic question “Where do you go?”, and persisting with his interrogation of a sullen Radhika until exasperated, she asks him what exactly he means by that. Nikhil elaborates asking her where they go to screw. As Radhika replies they go to the new flat, Nikhil continues making crude remarks until Radhika asks him why he is doing it. Nikhil responds by banging a quarter plate on the table to make Radhika jump up and points out that that isn’t the way he is reacting, by screaming, pulling his hair out, or by throwing things around, and ventures Radhika to guess why he isn’t acting that way. When Radhika does ask him why, he says that he is able to maintain his cool due to the Indian Penal Code section 497 where Radhika is his private property and anyone trespassing could go to jail. Radhika disbelievingly says he wouldn’t do that, but Nikhil holds his stand. Nikhil proposes to talk to Radhika just as a friend in the next scenario played out in Radhika’s mind, where he asks her if she has thought about the future and what she wants to do. He suggests calling Krish over since he wants to ask him a few questions. Radhika thinks this is futile and asks him what he would ask Krish. Nikhil starts off by asking an imaginary Krish seated in their apartment if he loved Radhika, to which Krish responds in the affirmative. Nikhil then asks Radhika if she and Krish have thought about their future, and is quite incredulous when she says that they haven’t discussed anything like that in the six months that the affair has been going on. Nikhil then poses another question to Krish asking him if he would marry Radhika. On Krish’s slight hesitation to answer this question, Nikhil totally dismisses him telling Radhika that that isn’t the way he is supposed to respond, but is to say, “Of course, but I need some time”. Nikhil then points out to Radhika that Krish has walked out of the door and explains to her that he is just looking out for her since he is concerned. Nikhil takes on a jealous, egoistic stand in the next imagery depicted, hitting Radhika with the fact that she might have had an affair for 6 months, while he has been having one with her sister Anita for the past five years. Radhika disregards his claims saying that he is acting juvenile, and making this up just for revenge. A discussion of how good Nikhil is in bed ensues, where Radhika compares him to Krish, saying that he has reduced her to a pair of breasts and one other part in bed, without a face, without arms, without a neck. She relates how Krish has opened up a whole new world to her by concentrating and spending hours on her neck, which she never knew was so sensitive. Nikhil asks her to swear on Sakshi that Krish is better than him in bed, and when she refuses to do so, hangs on to some words of hers uttered in another context, and uses them to massage his ego, interpreting the same to his own self that he is better in bed. The next visualization has Nikhil drunk and sorting out CDs in the bedroom, as he calls out to Radhika to join him. Nikhil then starts off asking Radhika if she knows what “Supari” is. When she responds saying its money given to get rid of someone, Nikhil starts playing out a mock situation where he gives supari to get Krish maimed. He enacts a complete scene where the goons castrate Krish and place his genitals in a glass jar, in this case, the glass of champagne Nikhil is drinking acts as the prop and Nikhil directly takes a sip out of it after he has finished his little act. Radhika is visibly disgusted and walks out of the bedroom. A cut back to reality shows Radhika still confused and blaming her friend Rita for not helping her out. Rita then propounds her thesis with a plate of biscuits and a knife. There’s Radhika and the unborn baby, Sakshi, Nikhil and Krish, all represented by the biscuits. Rita moves the biscuits around the plate showing her the various permutations and combinations, and finally narrows it down to a straight choice between Krish and Nikhil, alternating the knife in quick motions on the two biscuits that represent them. Finally, Rita asks Radhika to eat up, and the two women now spontaneously break out into laughter at the situation Radhika is so tightly meshed up in. Radhika’s mind gets a bit intense with her imagining a scene next of returning home amidst sightings of Krishna in the city, and packing a few things of their daughter Sakshi into a brown box, while Nikhil has just returned from office. Radhika begins to silently weep and when Nikhil inquires as to why, she talks about seeing a girl on the roadside, about fourteen years old, and just 5 or 6 years older than Sakshi, breastfeeding a baby. While Nikhil is puzzling over why this would affect Radhika so much she blurts out that she is pregnant. Nikhil’s confusion turns to elation and further puzzlement when Radhika does not share his happiness. Radhika tells him about how she did not want to go through what happened five years ago when she had the miscarriage at which Nikhil really loses it, and calls her stupid since she doesn’t know what is good for her or will make her happy. The very next instant Radhika is lying on the floor, bruised badly, in her own vomit, her pants pulled down over her knees, while around broken glass strewn around show the evidence of a rape and struggle. Nikhil emerges from the balcony hearing the phone ring, and bathes the cuts on his face with astringent as he talks to his daughter, currently at Nana-Nani’s. Radhika now slowly emerges to wash and clean up, and dress her wounds. The last and most poignant of the scenarios revolves back to the dining table where both Radhika and Nikhil are sitting calm, the shared knowledge between them heavy. Radhika asks Nikhil if he has told anyone about their situation and while Nikhil says he hasn’t, Radhika says she has told Rita. Nikhil says that he didn’t tell anyone on the slim chance that she might change her mind, and chuckles while saying so. Radhika is quick to point out it is good he laughed at that point, since the fact is truly funny. Radhika further clears it up to Nikhil that he shouldn’t hang on to the fact, that she has made up her mind, her heart, and in fact many parts of her and they will not be easily changed. Nikhil, taking both her hands in his, asks her if that means he should start getting used to the fact that she isn’t going to be around. Nikhil is a little surprised since he did not realize there was something so fundamentally wrong with both of them. Radhika then starts opening up, telling Nikhil all the things that were missing from their marriage. She says she thinks they do not treat each other well, that she isn’t happy anymore, that she frowns in her sleep, as Nikhil himself pointed out to her one day, and that she starting to look like her mother at 33 itself. Nikhil asks if this is because he doesn’t say nice things anymore about the way she looks, and she admits that he wouldn’t even notice anything different about her any more, for instance if she got a new haircut, that she is a woman, and that Krish never lets her forget that. Nikhil tries to rationally justify the difference between how he responded to that when they were dating and now. His stand is that now, instead of praising a new haircut, he would point out that her hair was in her eyes, since this was more logical due to actual concern. Radhika also recalls the times when she was taking a shower and Nikhil would sing to her, and for which he didn’t have the time anymore now, and how she missed his voice, still misses his voice. Nikhil tries to sing and laughs it off as impossible since the situation isn’t right. A bit of conversation more, and Nikhil suddenly breaks into the song, Over the Rainbow from the Wizard of Oz. He asks if he can make her laugh, and starts laughing himself. Radhika catches up on the infectious laugh and they both seem to bond in strange strength and maturity.'] ["Jean , captain of the canal barge L'Atalante, has a new wife, Juliette . They are married, having hardly met, in Juliette's provincial town. The opening sequence — the newlyweds' march from the church to Jean's boat — is filmed in a discontinuous style that anticipates the films of the French New Wave. The couple embark on a trip between Le Havre and Paris which functions doubly as a cargo delivery and as their makeshift honeymoon. Tensions arise with the crew, who are not used to the presence of a woman. Most of the conflict, however, stems from Jean who flies into a jealous rage, smashing plates and sending cats scattering every which way, when he discovers Juliette and first mate Jules , an obsessive cat lover, talking in the latter's quarters. Arriving in Paris, Jean and Juliette go to a music club. There they meet a street peddler who flirts with Juliette and asks her to run off with him. This leads to a scuffle with Jean. Growing disaffected with barge life and enamored with the lights of Paris, Juliette runs off. Jean, furious, casts off, leaving her behind. He slips into a near-catatonic depression. Jules tries to revive him by repairing the boat's phonograph to no avail. Meanwhile, Juliette wanders the mainland looking for work and diversion. Instead she only finds dark streets and crime. After Jean jumps into the river and is rescued by his shipmates, Jules decides to find Juliette. He returns her to the L'Atalante. The couple are happily reunited."] ['Irréversible contains thirteen scenes presented in reverse chronological order. They are outlined here in chronological order. A young woman named Alex is reading An Experiment with Time by John William Dunne in a park, surrounded by playing children. Beethoven\'s 7th Symphony is heard in the background. The camera spins around faster and faster until it blacks out into a strobe effect, accompanied by a pulsing, roaring sound. A rapidly spinning image of the cosmos can be dimly perceived. A title card reads: "Le temps détruit tout"  — a phrase uttered in the film\'s first scene. Marcus and Alex now lie in bed after sex. Alex tells Marcus about a dream she had, that she was in a red tunnel. Alex also reveals she might be pregnant, and Marcus is pleased with the possibility. They prepare to go to a party, and Marcus leaves to buy wine. Alex takes a shower, then uses a home pregnancy test that confirms she is pregnant. She is elated. She sits on the bed clothed, her hand on her belly. A poster for Stanley Kubrick\'s 1968 film 2001: A Space Odyssey, with the tagline "The Ultimate Trip", is above the headboard. At a nearby Paris Métro station and aboard a subway train, Alex, Marcus, and a friend of theirs, Pierre, discuss sex. Pierre refers to the fact that he and Alex were once dating, but are no longer in a relationship. He implies that Marcus stole Alex from him. Pierre gives Marcus a pill from his pocket and he takes it. Some time passes. The trio are now at a party. Alex is annoyed by Marcus\' unrestrained use of drugs and alcohol and his flirtatious behavior with other women, and consequently decides to leave the party. On her way home, Alex sees a man  beating a transsexual prostitute named Concha in a pedestrian underpass. Once he sees Alex, he lets go of Concha and turns his attention to Alex. Alex attempts to flee, but le Tenia catches her and threatens her with a knife. Le Tenia brutally pins Alex to the ground and anally rapes her, then kicks her, punches her, and pounds her head into the cement until she stops moving. A short period of time passes. As Marcus and Pierre leave the party, they encounter a crime scene and learn that someone has been raped. Marcus sees Alex, unconscious on a stretcher, being removed to an ambulance and cries hysterically over her body. He learns that Alex is in a coma, and both Marcus and Pierre are questioned by the police. A street thug named Mourad and his friend Laïd introduce themselves to Marcus, explaining that even if the police capture the rapist, he will at worst end up in a comfortable prison, with meals and even medical care. The two men promise to help find the rapist if Marcus and Pierre pay them. The thugs explain that they know the police discovered a purse with a man\'s business card in it. Marcus and Pierre go looking for that man. Marcus and Pierre track down the man whose business card was found at the rape scene. It turns out to be Concha, a transvestite prostitute and the person who was being beaten in the tunnel when Alex first encountered the rapist. At first, Concha refuses to talk to them. After Marcus threatens to slash her with a piece of broken glass, she identifies le Tenia as the rapist and says he can be found at a gay BDSM nightclub called The Rectum. Marcus, Pierre, Mourad, and Laïd flee, being chased by a horde of angry transsexuals. Marcus and Pierre go to The Rectum. Marcus finds le Tenia standing with another man. Thinking this is le Tenia, he assaults him but this person wrestles Marcus to the ground, breaks Marcus\' arm, and attempts to rape Marcus on the club floor. Pierre grabs a fire extinguisher and beats this unknown individual to death, as Le Tenia stands transfixed. The police arrest Pierre and put him in handcuffs. An ambulance arrives, and Marcus is put on a stretcher and taken from the club. Outside, a group of men shout homophobic insults at them. The audience learns that the murdered man was not le Tenia after all. Rather, the man standing next to him in the club was the real le Tenia. Across the street in a small apartment, two men are talking about sex. One of them is "the Butcher", the protagonist of Noé\'s previous film, I Stand Alone and short film Carne. In a drunken monologue, the Butcher reveals that he was arrested for having sex with his daughter. Their philosophical musings shift to the subject of the commotion in the streets outside. Without looking out the window, they derisively attribute the commotion to the patrons of The Rectum.'] ['The film, set in World War II, stars Rebecca Jenkins as Daisy Cooper, a woman who joins a jazz band as a singer to provide for her family while her husband Teddy  is serving in the Canadian military. The cast also includes Leslie Yeo, Kate Reid, Wayne Robson, Robyn Stevan and Stuart Margolin.'] ["The Unbearable Lightness of Being introduces Czech brain surgeon Tomas , a lothario who is a successful medical doctor in Communist Czechoslovakia. His lover, Sabina , is an equally care-free artist. One day, Dr Tomas leaves Prague to operate on a man in a spa town. There, he meets the waitress Tereza , who dreams of escaping her small town life. She follows him to Prague and cohabits with him, complicating Tomas's extra-domestic sexual affairs. Tomas asks Sabina to help Tereza find work as a photographer. Tereza is fascinated and jealous as she grasps that Sabina and Tomas are lovers. Her distress about his polyamory is interrupted by the Soviet Army tanks invading Czechoslovakia. Amidst the confusion, Tereza photographs the Soviet invasion, then hands the rolls of film to foreigners to smuggle to the West. Facing the stultifying reality that replaced the Prague Spring, Tomas, Sabina, and Tereza flee Czechoslovakia for Switzerland; first Sabina, then the hesitant Tomas and Tereza. In Geneva, Sabina meets Franz , a married university professor; they begin a love affair. After some time, he decides to abandon his wife and family for her. After hearing the declaration, Sabina abandons Franz, feeling he would emotionally weigh her down. Meanwhile, Tereza and Tomas attempt to adapt to Switzerland, whose people Tereza finds inhospitable. When she discovers that Tomas continues womanizing, she leaves him and Switzerland, and returns to Czechoslovakia. Upset by her leaving, Tomas follows Tereza to Czechoslovakia, where his passport is confiscated, locking him in-country; nevertheless, his return elates Tereza. They are re-united. In Prague, Tomas tries recovering his old brain surgeon hospital job, but the Soviet-backed régime consider him politically incorrect and prevent his re-employment. Before the invasion, Tomas wrote an article comparing the Soviets to Oedipus Rex; noting that Oedipus plucked out his eyes upon understanding his crime, but that the autocracy could see everything but its crimes. The régime demands his signature to a letter repudiating the article. Tomas refuses, and is black-listed from practicing medicine; he works as a window washer, and continues womanizing. Working as a waitress, Tereza meets an engineer who propositions her. Aware of Tomas's infidelity, she enters a one-time and unpleasant sexual liaison with the engineer. Remorseful, she fears the engineer might have been a secret agent for the régime, who might blackmail her and Tomas. She contemplates suicide, which Tomas thwarts. Stressed by insubstantial city life, Tereza convinces Tomas to leave Prague for the country; they go to a village where an old patient of Tomas' welcomes them. In the village, they live a farm idyll, far from the political intrigues of Prague. In contrast, Sabina has gone to the US, where she continues in the detached bohemian style of life. Later, Sabina is shocked by the letter telling of the deaths of Tereza and Tomas in a road accident while returning after celebrating in another town. Their lightness no longer unbearable, Tereza and Tomas were deeply happy as they drove toward death."] ['The peacefulness of a village is shattered when the wife of the local baker runs off with a handsome shepherd. In his despair, the baker becomes heartbroken and no longer bakes bread. The villages organize forces to bring the wife back to her husband, and back to their daily bread.'] ["Jacky Cheung plays Lam Yiu-Kwok, a Hong Kong secondary school teacher who is facing a mid-life crisis. While he has only his pride and Chinese poetry to fall back on, his peers are successful businessmen and professionals who flaunt their extravagant lifestyles at reunion dinners. After all these years, Lam is still living in a modest apartment with his wife, Man Ching  and two teenage sons. However financial stagnancy is not his only problem. An old flame of Man Ching  returns to Hong Kong and uncovers old wounds. Man Ching feels obliged to help her ex-lover. Meanwhile Yiu Kwok faces another dilemma: Choy Lam , a precocious 17 years old student, has a crush on him and the 'forbidden fruit' looks more and more tempting in the light of his wife's 'infidelity'. The two go to Shenzhen, where they celebrate the opening of a friend's nightclub, and spend the night together at a hotel. The movie ends with Lam's return to his wife the following morning."] ["Alain Getty  is a Home Automation Engineer who accepts a job in the south of France and moves there with his wife Bénédicte . After three months, his new boss  invites himself and his wife Alice  to dinner at Alain's house. They arrive late and create a scene with their marital problems and Alice is then despicably rude to Benedicte. Things go downhill from there, beginning with Alain's discovery of an unconscious rodent lodged in the S-bend of the kitchen sink. When Alain pulls the animal out of the S-bend, it seems lifeless, but revives later. Bénédicte takes it to a veterinarian, who identifies it with some surprise as a lemming, a Scandinavian animal that does not live in France in the wild. Alice, after an unsuccessful attempt at seducing Alain, turns up at his house in the day time and takes her own life. Alain and Bénédicte's idyllic home life begins to disintegrate."] ["In this drama, Alison  is the young wife and mother whose life is turned upside down after her beloved husband, Steve , is involved in a motorcycle crash, suffers massive head trauma and regresses to a mental and emotional age of 5. Much of the story centres on the mundane aspects of being forced to deal with the loss of her husband as a man and the acquisition of him as a child. Time passes and things do not improve. Slowly even Steve's closest friends begin withdrawing their support. Eventually Alison is forced to decide whether she will continue to stick by Steve, or whether she will go on without him."] ['Grant  and Fiona  are a retired married couple living in rural Brant County, Ontario. Fiona begins to lose her memory, and it becomes apparent she suffers from Alzheimer\'s disease. Throughout the film, Grant\'s reflections on his marriage are woven with his reflections on his own infidelities, and influence his eventual decisions regarding Fiona\'s happiness. When she feels she is becoming a risk to herself, Fiona decides to check into a nursing home, where one of the rules is that a patient cannot have any visitors for the first 30 days, in order to "adjust". Wary of this policy, Grant agrees anyway, at the insistence of his wife whom he loves. During the drive to the home, Fiona acknowledges Grant\'s past infidelity while he was a university professor. Despite the awkward situation, the couple makes love one last time before separating. When the 30 day period ends, Grant goes to visit his wife again, only to find she has forgotten him, and turned her affections to Aubrey , a mute man in a wheelchair who has become her "coping partner" in the facility. While seeing his wife grow closer to Aubrey, Grant becomes an unhappy voyeur when visiting his wife at the nursing home. As time goes by and Fiona still does not remember him, Grant even wonders whether Fiona\'s dementia is an act, to punish him for his past indiscretions. After some time, Aubrey\'s wife removes him from the home due to financial difficulties. This causes Fiona to sink into a deep depression, with her physical wellbeing also appearing to deteriorate. Grant is touched by this, and visits Aubrey’s wife Marian  in an effort to allow Fiona to see Aubrey again. He would rather see his wife happy with another man than miserable and alone. Marian initially refuses, but the meeting leads to a tentative relationship between her and Grant. As time passes, Grant continues to visit both Fiona and Marian. He eventually moves out of his home and succeeds in taking Aubrey back to visit his wife. But in his "moment alone" before he brings Aubrey into Fiona\'s room, Fiona temporarily remembers him and the love she has for him. The film closes on their embrace.'] ['\'Bud\' Davis moves from the small town of Spur, Texas to Pasadena, Texas, located near the heavily industrial eastern side of Houston, and a better paying job in the city\'s oil refinery in hopes of saving enough money to move back to his hometown and buy some land.{{cite web}} Bud moves in with his Uncle Bob  and his family, whom Bud is close to. Bob takes Bud to the local honky tonk, Gilley\'s (at the time, an actual bar in Pasadena, co-owned by singer Mickey Gilley and his record producer Sherwood Cryer which was then claimed to be the largest indoor . Bud quickly embraces the local nightlife there. Most of the events take place in and around Gilley\'s. At the club, Bud is approached by Sissy , who asks if he is a real cowboy. The two dance together, showcasing Travolta\'s dancing abilities, and they fall in love. After a fight, Bud suddenly asks Sissy if she wants to marry him, and they are married in Gilley\'s. Bud and Sissy have many lovers\' quarrels, some very intense, mainly due to their different views of men and women in society. Sissy is a fiery independent woman, with a strong belief that anything men can do women can do, while Bud still believes in very traditional gender roles, and that "there are just some things girls can\'t do." However, their love for each other always brings them back together again. Their lives settle into a routine of hard work during the day and living it up at Gilley\'s during the night.  The movie also highlights the many fights between cowboys at Gilley\'s and the mechanical bull, which leads to a break-up of Bud and Sissy\'s relationship, and to Sissy moving in with Bud\'s arch-rival, Wes . Bud seeks solace with Pam . Pam eventually realizes that Bud still loves Sissy and encourages him to reconcile with her. Meanwhile, Wes has been beating Sissy, and then steals the prize money from the bull riding competition, resulting in a fight with Bud. Bud punches Wes and all of the money that Wes had stolen falls from his jacket. The club\'s manager, discovering the attempted robbery, detains Wes at gunpoint. Bud and Sissy finally depart Gilley\'s  together.'] ["The movie starts in the present and in clips looks back at how Cindy and Dean come together. Dean is a young high school dropout, working for a New York City moving company. Cindy is a pre-med student living with her unhappy parents and caring for her grandmother in Pennsylvania. Cindy and Dean meet by chance and rush into marriage after discovering that Cindy is pregnant, possibly from her previous boyfriend Bobby . Dean agrees to raise Cindy's daughter, Frankie, as his own. Before the wedding, Bobby, unaware of Cindy's pregnancy, finds and assaults Dean at his job. This narrative of their courtship is intercut with that of a weekend some five years later regarding the dissolution of their marriage. By this point, they live in rural Pennsylvania and Dean works at painting houses while Cindy is a nurse. Though Dean is content with their life, Cindy believes he drinks too much and lacks ambition. In the hope of resurrecting their troubled relationship, Dean brings Cindy to a motel. As they go to the motel they stop off to get alcohol. As she is inside she sees Bobby and talks to him for a while. Bobby asks Cindy if she has ever cheated on her husband and she ultimately leaves after saying no. When she and Dean are in the car Cindy tells Dean about seeing Bobby and he is upset. During their trip to and at the motel they fight, but Cindy is called away early in the morning to work at the clinic. Angry that Cindy departed without telling him, Dean shows up at the clinic drunk, leading to an intense argument and violent altercation with a doctor, who fires Cindy over the incident. Dean tries to persuade her to give the relationship another chance, asking if she wants their daughter to grow up in a broken home, but Cindy says she does not want Frankie to grow up with parents who are so hateful to each other. Dean tries to embrace Cindy, but then we see him walking away from the house, though Frankie runs after him asking him to stay. Dean tells his daughter to go back to her Mom, and Dean keeps walking.{{cite news}}"] ["Richard Burrows is a medical student with a pregnant wife, Jody, who becomes unappealing to him before and after childbirth, abstaining from sex and gaining weight. When her mother moves in with them, Richard's home life frustrates him even more. Flirtations with nurses and patients begin, with Jody catching him being unfaithful. But after he becomes a surgeon at a Los Angeles hospitals, the infidelity continues. Richard meets a married model, Helene Donnelly, and begins meeting her secretly in motels. They contemplate getting divorces. Richard decides to make one last attempt to save his marriage. He evicts his mother-in-law from the premises and persuades Jody to go to a weight-loss center. When his wife returns, she is slim again and Richard is pleased, until learning that now it is she who wants a divorce."] ['Ju Dou takes place in the early 20th century in rural China. The story begins as Yang Tianqing  is returning from a trek to sell silk for his adoptive uncle, Yang Jinshan ([[Li Wei . Jinshan, whose trade is dyeing fabrics, is known for his cruelty and treats Tianqing with much scorn. Upon returning, Tianqing learns that Jinshan has just recently purchased a new wife, having beaten two previous wives to death after they failed to produce a son, the cruel irony being that Jinshan is in fact impotent. Upon meeting the wife, Ju Dou , Tianqing is immediately enamored with her. During the day they act with some detachment from one another, both living in fear of Jinshan. At night, Jinshan tortures Ju Dou as Tianqing is forced to listen to her cries. Eventually, Tianqing discovers Ju Dou\'s bathing area and spies on her. When she discovers the peephole, she is at first concerned, but eventually uses the hole to expose her bruises to him. Soon, the two are unable to control their passions any longer, and they engage in sexual intercourse next to the dye vats. When Ju Dou discovers she is pregnant, she and Tianqing carry on the façade that the child is in fact Jinshan\'s. The child, Tianbai is soon born and carries on Jinshan\'s and not Tianqing\'s name. At this point, however, Jinshan suffers a stroke which leaves him paralyzed from the waist down. Confined to a wheel chair, he nevertheless discovers Ju Dou and Tianqing\'s affair and attempts to kill the child. Stopped by the parents, Jinshan\'s past cruelty is repaid upon him as he is hoisted in a large barrel, leaving him dangling helplessly during the night. Despite their happiness, Tianqing and Ju Dou suffer another setback when Ju Dou believes that she is yet again pregnant. However, later she receives her period and the couple is relieved. Knowing that society would infer and could never accept her infidelities, Ju Dou goes to a nunnery to get contraceptives. The contraceptives given to her turn out to be hot chili powder and they leave her barren. Meanwhile Tianbai has grown into a sullen child . He has yet to speak, and both Ju Dou and Tianqing worry about him. Jin Shan meanwhile is still left in his barrel. When he sees the child, he at first attempts to push him into the dye vat, but when Tianbai calls him "Father," his heart immediately melts and he accepts the boy as his son. While Ju Dou and Tianqing are horrified, they know they can say nothing. Jinshan\'s happiness is short-lived, however, as he himself falls into the dye vat and drowns one day while playing with his "son," who watches the man flail helplessly but does nothing to save him. The funeral is treated with much pomp and circumstance as Confucian dogma requires both Ju Dou and Tianqing to "beg" the casket not to leave. Ju Dou, moreover, is never allowed to be with another man. The film then cuts to ten years later. Ju Dou and Tianqing still run the dye operation, but Tianbai  is now a rage-filled teenager. Rumors of his parents\' infidelities drive him to nearly kill a local gossip. Upon discovering his parents passed out in a stifling underground cellar after one of their trysts, Tianbai drags them into the open before throwing his father into a vat. Although disoriented and short of oxygen, it seems as if Tianqing will get out. However, Tianbai clubs him with a heavy stick and knocks him unconscious, resulting in Tianqing drowning. Ju Dou then burns the mill down, and watches as the flames engulf the rolls of silk around her as the film ends.'] ["The marriage of Faith and George Dunlap is in serious trouble. From a distance, it would seem a picture of domestic bliss, a successful author with a beautiful wife and four daughters living in a converted farmhouse that he helped refurbish himself. But a crisis has come to all involved. George has a mistress, Sandy, and wants to be with her. The trouble is, he doesn't want Faith to be with someone else in return. George is trying to find the courage to leave home, but hates the thought of his family and possessions in another man's hands. The handsome Frank Henderson is hired by Faith to construct a tennis court. It is not clear whether she develops true feelings for Frank or simply wishes to even the score with her unfaithful husband, but for whatever reason, Faith begins an affair. Their daughters resent George for breaking up the family this way. Faith puts up a false facade, planning to attend an evening in George's honor as he accepts a book award, but George becomes increasingly irrational as the women in his life prepare for a life without him."] ['The movie chronicles one woman\'s  alcoholism and her husband\'s  efforts to help her. Meg Ryan plays Alice Green, a school counselor who has a serious drinking problem and is married to Michael , an airline pilot. Though she\'s lighthearted and loving, Alice is often reckless and, when drunk, even neglects her children, nine-year-old daughter Jess  from a previous marriage, and four-year-old daughter Casey , whose father is Michael. After an accident, Alice realizes that she has "hit bottom" and goes into a clinic for rehab. When she returns home, she has kicked her addiction and has become independent and strong, and her perfectionist, controlling husband has trouble adjusting. Michael is used to his wife being weak and helpless, and they end up seeing a marriage counselor to recover from Michael\'s "co-dependency" on Alice\'s role as an alcoholic."When A Man Loves A Woman Plot Summary and Details". http://www.moviefone.com/movie/when-a-man-loves-a-woman/8770/synopsis Then Alice gets the help she needs, but realizes she can\'t be with Michael. However, even through all the trials and tribulations Michael gets back together with Alice after deciding to move to Denver. He returns on the day she gives a speech at an AA function. Her speech is about how everyone deserves a second chance. He kisses her for a long time as the credits roll.'] ["Former Congressman and now Judge Cass Timberlane is a middle-aged, incorruptible, highly-respected man who enjoys good books and playing the flute. He falls for Jinny, a much younger girl from a lower class in his small Minnesota town. At first, the marriage is happy, but Jinny becomes bored with the small town and with the judge's friends. She leaves him for an affair with a lawyer, Timberlane's boyhood friend. Eventually abandoned by her lover, Jinny returns to her husband and becomes the good wife. This is Lewis' examination of marriage, love, romance, heartache and trust."] ["In Nikaah,B.R Chopra makes a social comment on the sharia laws of divorce ([[Divorce  and its misuse among the Indian Muslim society. As per Chopra, it is a story of all woman. Haider  and Nilofar  study in the same college. Haider, an aspiring poet, falls in love with Nilofar without knowing she is in love with Wasim , who is a Nawab. Nilofar and Wasim are engaged and they eventually marry. Meanwhile, Haider becomes a successful poet and editor of a magazine. During their honeymoon, Wasim gets a new business contract and spends most of his time at work. Nilofer, who was expecting a happy married life is disappointed and feels neglected and lonely. On the occasion of their first wedding anniversary Wasim and Nilofar arrange a party for which Wasim fails to turn up. Nilofar can't face the questions of the guests and retires to her bedroom. The guests are insulted by the absence of the hosts and leave the party. This leads to a heated argument between the couple and in a moment of rage Wasim divorces Nilofar by saying Talaq three times, without fulfilling other conditions required by sharia laws to perform this . Nilofar, now a divorcee is offered a job by Haider in his magazine. During this period she realizes Haider is still in love with her. Wasim who has divorced her in a moment of anger, wants to reconcile and marry her again. He approaches the Imam and asks his advice on the matter. The Imam tells him the complexity of the Sharia law for remarrying a wife after divorcing her. This requires her to marry someone else and get a divorce later. Only then will Wasim be able to remarry Nilofar. During this time Haider expresses his love towards Nilofar and his desire to marry her. They marry with the consent of their parents. Wasim sends a letter to Nilofar asking her to divorce Haider and marry him. Haider reads this letter and thinks that Nilofar and Wasim are still in love. He decides to offer her a divorce, so that she can marry Wasim. He brings Wasim to her and offers his consent to divorce her through Talaq. But Nilofar turns it down and questions both of them on their treating of her like property rather than as a woman. She says she wants to continue her life with Haider. Wasim blesses both of them and leaves."] ["The film spans three days in the life of Agnes and Tobias, an upper middle class couple who share their comfortable suburban Connecticut home with her acerbic alcoholic sister Claire. It is matriarch Agnes who helps the trio maintain a delicate balance in their lives, held together by habit, shared memories, and considerable consumption of dry martinis. The seemingly peaceful facade of their existence is shattered with the arrival of longtime friends Harry and Edna who, suddenly overcome by a nameless terror, fled their home in search of a safe haven. The couple is followed by Agnes and Tobias' bitter, 36-year-old daughter Julia, who has returned to the family nest following the collapse of her fourth marriage. Their presence leads to a period of self-examination, during which all six are forced to explore their psyches and confront the demons hidden there."] ['Eva Boutelle is a businesswoman whose husband Harry is out of town. Meantime, she meets colleague Frank, who is also married. Despite of that, they start an affair.New York Times Overview'] ['{{plot}} The film begins at a dinner party at the Carvers\' house as the adults discuss pop culture references that defined the 1970s: the Watergate scandal, swinging parties for married couples, and the pornographic film Deep Throat. The Hood family includes Ben , Elena  and their children, 16-year-old Paul  and 14-year-old Wendy . Their neighbors, the Carvers, include Jim , Janey  and their children: Mikey  and Sandy . Both families are depicted as uncommunicative. Ben, dissatisfied in his marriage and with the futility of his career, is having an affair with Janey. Elena is bored with her life and is looking to expand her thinking but is unsure of how to do so. Wendy enjoys sexual games with her school peers. Paul, an occasional drug user, is trying to bed his schoolmate Libbets Casey . Jim\'s sons are lonely and confused: Mikey plays along with Wendy\'s sexual games, while Sandy is obsessed with violence. Jim travels for his job and is, for the most part, not involved in his children\'s lives. In one scene he returns from a trip to find that his sons had not even realized he had been gone. Janey, who appears to be carrying on with a number of other men in addition to Ben, finds Jim to be largely an annoyance and would prefer he remain gone all the time. Elena, who is becoming tired and bored with her life, buys spiritual and self-help books and becomes friendly with the hippie-ish minister of a local church. She is ultimately turned off by his subtle passes and his patronizing behavior towards her. Later she attempts to shoplift, but is caught in the act. During their trysts, Ben obsesses to Janey over his displeasure with his job and his frustrations at continually being bested by his colleague, smarmy George Clair . Janey, however, seems to have become bored with the arrangement since she has now become unfaithful, not only to her husband but to Ben as well. She abruptly leaves the room just prior to a planned sexual encounter with Ben, excusing herself to get "birth control pills" but instead flees the house leaving Ben alone. Realizing that she is not returning, Ben prepares to leave but comes upon his daughter Wendy in the Carvers\' basement initiating a sex act with Mikey . Ben then has an awkward discussion with Wendy about "the birds and the bees". Wendy  is visibly bored with the conversation. Seeing this, he changes tack and tells her he\'s really not all that upset with her, except that he thinks that Mikey may not "be right" for her. As the evening begins, a storm hits New Canaan which evolves into a dangerous ice storm. When Ben reveals to Elena that he found Wendy in the Carvers\' basement, she is more concerned with what he was doing there, eventually concluding  that he must be having an affair with Janey. They have a brief argument over it prior to attending a neighborhood party, which turns out to be a swinger\'s key party. Elena suspects that Ben was aware of the nature of the party and had plotted to mark his keys so Janey could fish them out. In her resentment, she decides to participate in the key party. Concurrently, Paul has taken the train into Manhattan. Paul is excited that Libbets has invited him to visit her that evening. He tries to keep this a secret from his roommate, Francis , since Francis has the habit of bedding every girl he discovers Paul is attracted to. Paul is then disheartened to discover Francis has also been invited. The three listen to music and begin drinking and smoking marijuana. It becomes clear that Libbets is more responsive to Francis\' direct advances than to Paul\'s more subtle ones. Paul attempts to drug Francis with Libbets\' mother\'s sleeping medication so that he will be out of commission for the evening, but Libbets also takes one of the pills. Francis, however, passes out first. Libbets and Paul leave him to sleep it off on the floor and Paul tries to make his move on Libbets. He is visibly disappointed when she tells him that she only thinks of him "like a brother" before she too passes out. Wendy decides to make her way to the Carvers\' to see Mikey, but he has decided to go out into the ice storm, so she and Sandy climb into bed together and remove their clothes. They drink from a bottle of vodka and Wendy tries to seduce him; however, they both fall asleep. Meanwhile, as the key party progresses, Ben becomes drunk. When Janey chooses the keys of another man, Ben attempts to protest but trips and knocks his head on the coffee table, leading Jim to realize that his wife and Ben are having an affair. Ben, in his embarrassment, retreats to the bathroom where he remains for the rest of the evening. The remaining key party participants are paired off and leave together with only Jim and Elena remaining. She retrieves Jim\'s keys from the bowl and returns them to him. After debating the issue, Jim and Elena leave together, engaging in a quick, clumsy sexual encounter in the front seat of Jim\'s car. Jim, regretting the line he and Elena have just crossed, agrees to drive her home. Meanwhile, Mikey, out walking in the storm, is enchanted by the beauty of the trees and fields covered in ice. He slides down an icy hill then sits on a guardrail to rest. A moment later a power line, broken by a fallen tree, connects with the guardrail and he is electrocuted. Jim and Elena return to the Carvers\' house as dawn is breaking. Elena walks in on her daughter in bed with Sandy and orders her to get dressed. Janey had also returned home earlier and curled up on her bed in the fetal position without bothering to take off her party clothes. Although it is not revealed what transpired between Janey and her \'key partner\', she is visibly exhausted and sad. Ben has sobered up by this time and begins driving home. He discovers Mikey\'s body on the side of the road and carries it back to the Carvers\' house. The two families are drawn together by Mikey\'s death and Wendy hugs the shocked and numbed Sandy in an attempt to comfort him. Jim is devastated while Janey remains asleep and ignorant to the recent events. Ben, Elena and Wendy then drive to the train station to pick up Paul who is returning from Libbets\' apartment, his train delayed by the ice and the power failure caused by the downed wire. Once all four are together in the car, Ben breaks down, sobbing uncontrollably at the wheel as his family looks on in astonishment.'] ['In 1947, John Nash  arrives at Princeton University. He is co-recipient, with Martin Hansen , of the prestigious Carnegie Scholarship for mathematics. At a reception he meets a group of other promising math and science graduate students, Richard Sol , Ainsley , and Bender . He also meets his roommate Charles Herman , a literature student, and an unlikely friendship begins. Nash comes under increasing pressure to publish, both from the mathematics department chairman and in the form of rivalry with Hansen. But he refuses until he finds a truly original idea. His inspiration comes when he and his fellow graduate students discuss how to approach a group of women at a bar. Hansen quotes Adam Smith and advocates "every man for himself", but Nash argues that a cooperative approach would lead to better chances of success. This leads to a new concept of governing dynamics which Nash develops and publishes. On the strength of this he is offered an appointment at MIT where Sol and Bender join him. Some years later, Nash is invited to the Pentagon to crack encrypted enemy telecommunication. Nash is able to decipher the code mentally, to the astonishment of other codebreakers. He considers his regular duties at MIT uninteresting and beneath his talents, so he is pleased to be given a new assignment by mysterious supervisor William Parcher  of the United States Department of Defense, to look for patterns in magazines and newspapers in order to thwart a Soviet plot. Nash becomes increasingly obsessive about searching for these hidden patterns and believes he is followed when he delivers his results to a secret mailbox. Meanwhile a student, Alicia Larde , asks him to dinner, and the two fall in love. On a return visit to Princeton, Nash runs into his former roommate Charles and meets Charles\' young niece Marcee , whom he adores. With Charles\' encouragement he proposes to Alicia and they marry. Nash begins to fear for his life after witnessing a shootout between Parcher and Soviet agents. He tells Parcher that he wants to quit his special assignment but Parcher blackmails him into staying. While delivering a guest lecture at Harvard University , Nash attempts to flee from what appear to be foreign agents, led by Dr. Rosen . After punching Rosen in an attempt to flee, Nash is forcibly sedated and sent to a psychiatric facility. He believes the facility is run by the Soviets who are trying to extract information from him. Dr. Rosen tells Alicia that Nash has schizophrenia and that Charles, Marcee and Parcher exist only in his imagination. Alicia investigates and finally confronts Nash with the unopened documents he had delivered to the secret mailbox. Nash is given a course of insulin shock therapy and eventually released. Frustrated with the side-effects of the antipsychotic medication he is taking, he secretly stops taking it. But this causes a relapse and he meets Parcher again. After an incident where Nash endangers his infant son and accidentally knocks Alicia and the baby to the ground , she flees the house in fear with their child. Nash steps in front of her car to prevent her from leaving. He tells Alicia, "She never gets old", referring to Marcee, who although years have passed since their first encounter, has remained exactly the same age and is still a little girl. With this, he finally accepts that although all three people seem real, they are in fact part of his hallucinations. Against Dr. Rosen\'s advice, Nash decides not to restart his medication, believing that he can deal with his symptoms in another way. Alicia decides to stay and support him in this. Nash approaches his old friend and rival, Martin Hansen, now head of the Princeton mathematics department, who grants him permission to work out of the library and audit classes. Years pass and as Nash grows older he learns to ignore his hallucinations. Eventually he earns the privilege of teaching again. In 1994, Nash is honored by his fellow professors for his achievement in mathematics, and goes on to win the Nobel Memorial Prize in Economics for his revolutionary work on game theory. The movie ends as Nash and Alicia leave the auditorium in Stockholm; Nash sees Charles, Marcee, and Parcher standing to one side and watching him.'] ['A wealthy family of six with three daughters and a son grow together learning from and experiencing all the lessons of life. With firm and loving parents all four children find love and although not all marry right away, they are happy. Even when one parent dies, the household carries on as strong as ever. Así es la vida is a story of family strength and close personal relationships.   *Enrique Muiño *Elías Alippi *Enrique Serrano *Arturo García Buhr *Sabina Olmos *Alberto Bello *Myrna Bonillas *Fernando Campos *Héctor Coire *Niní Gambier *Alfredo Jordan *Felisa Mary *Alímedes Nelson *José Ruzzo *Pablo Vicuña'] ['The film begins showing the abstract expressionist Jackson Pollock  autographing illustrations in a copy of Life magazine for a woman at an art exhibit in 1950. The film flashes back to nine years earlier . At this time Pollock is usually drunk and makes a living by exhibiting a painting in occasional group art shows. He is living with his brother Charles Pollock, whom he calls Sande, in a tiny apartment in New York City. Sande\'s wife tells him that they are having a baby, perhaps indicating to Jackson that he needs to move out. Artist Lee Krasner shows up and takes an interest in him. Later, at dinner he learns that his brother is moving to Connecticut, as he\'s taken a job building army gliders to avoid a rumoured draft of married men not involved in war production. Sande\'s wife reveals that Jackson\'s Selective Service status is 4F. This means that Jackson cannot be drafted. Unable to handle conflicting feelings, Jackson has a convulsion and needs to be cared for. Lee learns from Sande that Jackson is diagnosed neurotic. However, Lee takes him home and decides to be his manager. One day, his old friend Ruben comes along with Howard Putzel who works for an art collector Peggy Guggenheim. Jackson seems more interested to meet Reuben than Howard. Peggy Guggenheim comes to see his art. She is initially very frustrated for having to wait, but gives him a contract to sell $2400 of paintings plus a commission to paint a mural of 8&nbsp;ft by 20&nbsp;ft on the entrance hall of her town house in New York City. His first exhibit fails to attract any buyers. After a New Year\'s Eve party, he almost gets in bed with Peggy but is too drunk to properly perform. Jackson returns to Lee in the morning. He is upset again when he learns of the death of Howard, falling back to the street in a drunken stupor and again returning to Lee. Lee, as always, takes him back. Lee then asks Jackson to make a decision: whether to marry her and continue painting art or "split up". Jackson surprisingly insists on a church wedding and Lee says she wants no guests. They decide to move to a country house by the ocean in Springs, NY, on Long Island. Jackson and Lee adopt an abandoned dog whom they name Gyp. Jackson is disheartened when Lee makes clear to Jackson that she does not want to have a baby, partly because she is happy to just live as two painters, partly because of his neurosis, and partly because of the pecuniary situation and his painting needs. At a get-together at Peggy Guggenheim\'s, despite art critic Clement Greenberg\'s comments, he shows that it\'s hard for him to change his finished painting to others\' liking. Jackson\'s pictures still aren\'t selling. At a poker party, while they talk about the situation, Clement mentions that things will change after Life Magazine\'s coverage and subsequent art exhibit. Lee gets jealous when Jackson hugs another woman. Meanwhile, Jackson tries doing other business for a living but his drinking gets in the way. He lies to Sande and family about the financial status and waits to see what will happen after Life Magazine\'s coverage. This time he tries to abstain from alcohol. Things get better after the magazine story. Later, A photographer, Hans Namuth, tries to make a film of Jackson as he paints. Hans\' movie-making interrupts the nature of Jackson\'s work and Jackson feels like a phony acting it out. Jackson loses patience and, much to Lee\'s disapproval, he takes to drinking again. The alcohol triggers his neurosis and he ruins Thanksgiving dinner. The film returns to the present in the art exhibit in 1950. Five years later Clement mentions that the Partisan Review is favoring Clyfford Still, and that his original technique of modern art could be the next direction of modern art. Jackson does not take it well. Lee accuses a drunk Jackson that it\'s because he\'s  taken to drinking. Jackson argues it\'s all because she won\'t have a child. Lee knows he\'s having an affair with Ruth Kligman. Lee says she won\'t give Jackson a divorce — no matter what. When Lee goes to Venice to visit Peggy Guggenheim, Jackson receives a call from her. After this call Jackson mentions to Ruth, "I owe the woman something". Ruth brings a friend, Edith Metzger, to visit Jackson. They go for a drive, but Jackson is quite drunk. There is a fatal car accident in which Jackson and Edith die; Ruth survives. The film ends with a mention that Lee survives another 28 years, continuing her painting career in Jackson\'s studio.'] ['High school sweethearts David  and Diana Murphy  are a married couple who travel to Las Vegas, hoping they can win enough money to finance David\'s fantasy real estate project. They place their money on red in roulette and lose. After gambling away all of their savings, they encounter billionaire John Gage . Gage is attracted to Diana and offers David one million dollars to spend a night with her. After a difficult night, David and Diana decide to accept the offer, and a contract is signed the next day. Gage flies Diana to a private yacht where he offers her a chance to void the deal and return to her husband if he loses a toss of his lucky coin. Gage calls it correctly and she spends the night with him. Although he had hoped to forget the whole incident, David grows increasingly insecure about his relationship with Diana, consumed with a fear that she remains involved with Gage; this insecurity is heightened by the fact Diana discovers that Gage has bought their home/property while it was going into foreclosure. Because of this tension on their relationship, David and Diana separate. Gage actively persists and renews his advances on Diana. Although she initially resists, Diana eventually consents to spending time with him and a relationship develops. David, meanwhile, realizes he cannot go on without the love of his life. When Diana files for divorce, David makes one final attempt to win her back by signing the divorce papers and giving the million dollars away. David bares his soul as to why he allowed the night to happen. It is clearly a turning point for both of them. Gage sees how Diana looks at David and recognizes that, even if she stayed with him, their relationship would never achieve the intensity she had with David. Later in the car with Gage, it is clear Diana has made up her mind to return to David when she says to Gage that they need to talk. Gage, realizing that she longs to return to David, makes up a story that she was only the latest in a long line of "million-dollar girls". Diana realizes that Gage is doing this to make it easy for her to leave, thanks Gage and returns to David. Before she leaves, he gives her his lucky coin, which is revealed to be double sided. She returns to the pier where David proposed, only to find him there waiting. They confess their love for one another and join hands.'] ['Sophie and Otto Bentwood are a middle-aged, middle class, childless Brooklyn Heights couple trapped in a loveless marriage. He is an attorney, she a translator of books. Their existence is affected not only by their disintegrating relationship but by the threats of urban crime and vandalism that surround them everywhere they turn, leaving them feeling paranoid, scared, and desperately helpless. The film details their fragile emotional and psychological states as they interact with each other and their friends.'] 