['After coming off a successful comedy tour, Dolemite throws a get-together at his mansion, there he announces that he is to offer his mansion to the person that started a drive for a new boys\' home, then is rudely interrupted by the local sheriff and his deputies because they\'re a group of black people having a party, thus causing trouble. Turns out the Sheriff\'s wife is offering Dolemite money for sexual services. When the sheriff catches them red handed, he promptly shoots his wife. Dolemite and his friends kidnap a young man and his car and decide head to California where he is to meet Queen Bee, only to find out that the local mob man, Joe Cavaletti kidnapped two of her girls and forced her to close down her joint and work for him. Dolemite must rescue Queen Bee, her girls and teach the grease balls a lesson all the while being chased by his hometown\'s sheriff for the murder of his wife he pinned on him. The final scenes are similar to much of the era\'s kung fu scenes along with the expected added sound effects, and a fight with none other than the "Central American Nunchuck champion".'] ['In this film, which is based loosely on the ancient Chinese novel Journey to the West, South Boston teenager Jason Tripitikas is a fan of martial arts films and he awakens from a dream of a battle between the Monkey King, played by Jet Li and celestial soldiers in the clouds. He visits a pawn shop in Chinatown to buy Wuxia DVDs and discovers a golden staff. On his way home, Jason is harassed by some hooligans, who attempt to use him to help them rob the shop-owner Hop. Hop tries to fight the thieves with the staff, but is shot and wounded. He tells Jason to deliver the staff to its rightful owner and Jason flees with the staff. He is cornered on the rooftop by the hooligans and almost shot too, but he is pulled off the roof by the staff and falls backwards onto the asphalt. When Jason regains consciousness, he finds himself in a village in ancient China that is under attack by armored soldiers. The soldiers see his staff and attempt to seize it. He is saved by the inebriated traveling scholar Lu Yan , a supposed "immortal," who remains alert and agile even when drunk. Lu brings Jason to a teahouse and tells him the story of the rivalry between the Monkey King and the Jade Warlord. The Jade Warlord tricked the Monkey King into setting aside his magic staff Ruyi Jingu Bang and transformed him into a stone statue, but the Monkey King cast his staff far away before the transformation. Being an immortal, the Monkey King did not die, but got captured inside the statue. Lu ends the tale with a prophecy about someone, a "Seeker", who will find the staff and free the Monkey King. Just then, they are attacked by the Jade Warlord\'s men again but manage to escape with the help of Golden Sparrow, a young girl who refers to herself in the third person. She reveals that her family was murdered by the Jade Warlord, against whom she has therefore sworn revenge. Meanwhile, the Jade Warlord , upon learning that the staff has been sighted, sends the White-Haired Witch Ni-Chang to help him retrieve it in exchange for the elixir of immortality. Jason, Lu Yan and Golden Sparrow meet a strange man dressed in white, also played by Jet Li, who takes the staff away from them. Lu Yan fights with the man  for the staff until the latter realizes that Jason is the prophesied Seeker, and he joins them in their quest to free the Monkey King. As the four travel to Five Elements Mountain, Lu Yan and the Silent Monk teach Jason Kungfu along the way. After crossing a desert, they encounter Ni-Chang and her henchmen and a battle ensues, in which Lu Yan is mortally wounded by Ni-Chang\'s arrow. The protagonists take refuge in a monastery, where they learn that Lu is actually not an immortal as he failed the test to become one. Only the Jade Warlord\'s elixir can save his life. In desperation, Jason goes to the Warlord\'s palace alone to exchange the staff for the elixir. In the palace, the Jade Warlord asks Jason to fight with Ni-Chang to the death, because he had promised to give the elixir to only one of them. Jason is defeated by Ni-Chang and the Warlord taunts him for his foolishness, and is about to decapitate him when the other protagonists and monks from the monastery arrive to join in the battle. Jason manages to grab the elixir and he tosses it to Lu Yan, who drinks it and recovers. The Silent Monk is wounded by the Jade Warlord\'s Guan Dao during the fight and he passes the staff to Jason, who uses it to smash the Monkey King\'s statue. The Monkey King is freed and the Silent Monk is revealed to be actually one of the Monkey\'s clones. Lu Yan battles Ni-Chang and kills her by throwing her off the cliff hundreds of feet below. After another long battle between the Monkey King and the Jade Warlord, the Warlord is eventually stabbed by Jason and falls into a lava pit to his death. However, Golden Sparrow has been seriously injured by the Warlord and she dies in Jason\'s arms, thanking him in the first person before dying. By then, the Jade Emperor has returned from his meditation and he praises Jason for fulfilling the prophecy and allows him for one wish, which he asked is to return home. Jason finds himself back in 21st century Boston after passing through a magical portal at the exact moment and location of his earlier fall. He defeats the hooligans easily by using the Kungfu moves he was taught and drives them away. He alerts the police and calls an ambulance for Hop, who survives from the gunshot wound and brushes off Jason\'s concerns, claiming that he is immortal. . Before the film ends, Jason is delighted to see a girl who resembles Golden Sparrow and speaks to her briefly, before she heads back to her shop, called "Golden Sparrow Chinese Merchandise". The final scene shows Jason on a rooftop at night practicing his staffwork and continuing to hone his kung fu skills.'] ["The film opens with Jake Raye as he fights Mickey Sheehan in a pro-kickboxing bout. The movie opens as they enter the fifth Round of the Lightweight Championship Match. Jake delivers Mickey a lightning fast kick to the throat in the middle of the sixth round, instantly killing him. Seeing what he had done, he decides to give up kickboxing once and for all. A year later, a friend and manager Vinny Petrello  asks him for a favor to travel to Manila and bail him out of trouble with a guy named Su. Although Jake's evening with a prostitute  is interrupted, he agrees to help his friend in need. Jake Raye travels to Manila, and meets up with local fighters John Jones , Sal Taylor , Manny Rivera , and Tobo Casenerra . He also meets up with Dieter , the head of the Dojo. Thugs attack Jake, and is helped by a woman named Mariella  into an abandoned safehouse. Mariella betrays him, and the thugs enter the safehouse. Dieter drugs Raye, and puts him on the ship with the other fighters. Raye is re-acquained with his friend Bobby Rose  and meets another fighter named Ernesto . It is revealed that Su  is the one who bring the fighters to his island home called Paradise, and it is also revealed that Vinny is helping Su get the fighters there to battle in gladiator matches. The fighters briefly rebel giving Jake Raye time to escape. Soon Raye has a change of heart and decides to free the other fighters. He makes it back to the house undetected by Su, and is helped once more by Mariella. Mariella and Raye uncover a plot for Su to give anabolic steroids to each of his fighters before the match. Jake Raye takes out some guards before he is discovered by Dieter and knocked unconscious by Vinny, pretending to be in trouble. Jake is taken to the challenger’s box of the arena, where Su, Vinny, and his guests are awaiting the matching. Both John and Ernest die in the arena while battling their opponents  the help of Mariella, the remaining surviving fighters  manage to escape and beat all the guards. Bobby shoots Dieter while escaping, and the film ends after Jake defeats Su with a swift kick off the balcony. The five people begin to walk off Paradise forever."] ["The movie opens with a distressed woman being chased through a tropical forest by an unknown pursuer. It is soon revealed that the woman is attempting to escape imprisonment at the hands of Frank Lane, an American running an illegal child sex ring operation in Brazil. Upon being recaptured, she is taken back to Lane's home and executed in front of the other slaves, as punishment for her actions. Meanwhile, kickboxing champion David Sloan and his trainer Xian arrive in Rio de Janeiro for an exhibition bout. Though Xian is mostly interested in training for the upcoming fight, Sloan dismisses the idea in favor of relaxing in the city.\xa0 While eating lunch, their camera is suddenly stolen by a young thief, and Sloan immediately gives chase. After fending off a group of drunken assailants, he catches up to the boy who then brandishes a knife, but Sloan easily disarms him and takes back the camera. When the boy follows him back to the restaurant attempting to reclaim the knife, Xian invites both Marcos and his beautiful sister Isabella to join them for lunch, and they eventually become friends. At a charity kickboxing event, Sloan is asked to be the cornerman for another young fighter in a match against Eric Martine, an Argentine kickboxer  whose overly aggressive behavior leads Sloan to intervene in the match. Excited by the prospect of a grudge match between Sloan and Martine, Lane eagerly arranges the fight. Later, Sloan brings both Marcos and Isabella to a formal banquet as his personal guests. At the event, Sloan once again crosses paths with Lane, who is instantly infatuated with Isabella. When Sloan parts ways with the children for the night, Lane secretly sends out a group of men to kidnap her.\xa0In a panic, Marcos asks for Sloan's help and they file a police report, but with an overwhelming backlog of unsolved cases on their hands, the authorities do not consider their case a priority and advise them to simply forget about Isabella. \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 Frustrated, Sloan and Xian decide to launch their own investigation, which ultimately leads to their arrest. Although Lane bails them out in an attempt to cover his tracks, the two continue their search, only to find that the trail inevitably leads right back to him. They attempt to confront Lane in his home, but are subsequently ambushed and taken prisoner. Lane then proceeds to torture Sloan over the course of several days, forcing him to engage in a series of grueling exercises designed to weaken him before his match with Martine. He then releases both men back to their hotel, at which point Xian is able to create and administer a cure for Sloan's fatigue. At the fight, Sloan manages to defeat Martine, and Xian is successful in rescuing Isabella before Lane can flee the arena. Upon being reunited with Marcos, she tells him about the other girls Lane has captured and imprisoned, and Sloan resolves to free them as well. In retaliation, Lane pulls a gun on Sloan intending to shoot him, but Marcos suddenly appears and stabs Lane in the stomach with his knife. In the end, the police chief decides to cover up Lane's murder, and Sloan arranges for Marcos and Isabella to attend school. Upon realizing that they have missed their flight back home, Sloan, Xian, and the police chief decide to go out for drinks together."] ["Sasori is outside the prison and on the run from the police, wanted for breaking out of prison and murder. On her trail is detective Kondo . She takes refuge with a woman who has a brother with a learning disability. The woman and her brother are also involved in an incestuous relationship. Both the police and an ex-prison mate of Sasori's pursue her."] ["A female aerobic instructor is possessed by an evil spirit of a fallen ninja when coming to his aid. The spirit seeks revenge on those who killed him and uses the female instructor's body to carry out his mission. The only way the spirit will leave the aerobic instructor's body is through combat with another ninja."] ['China is ripped apart by a civil war, and thousands of displaced refugees swarm into towns not yet ravaged by war. Three such refugees  arrive in one town. The three swear an oath of brotherhood in a similar fashion to Liu Bei Guan Yu and Zhang Fei. They join forces with the local rebel leaders  to escape to the south before getting into trouble with Lu Feng who is out to exterminate all rebels.'] ["Seven years after the events in the first film, Luc Devereaux , now an ordinary human, is a technical expert who is working with the government with his partner Maggie , who has been through countless hours of combat training with him, in order to refine and perfect the UniSol program in an effort to make a new, stronger breed of soldier that is more sophisticated, intelligent, to spare using living soldiers in the battlefield. All of the new UniSols, which are faster and stronger than the original UniSols, are connected through an artificially intelligent computer system called S.E.T.H. , a Self-Evolving Thought Helix. When S.E.T.H. discovers that the Universal Soldier program is scheduled to be shut down because of budget cuts, it takes matters upon itself to protect its life. Killing those who try to shut off his power, and unleashing his platoon of super soldiers, led by the musclebound Romeo , S.E.T.H. spares Devereaux, only because Devereaux has the secret code that is needed to deactivate a built-in program that will shut S.E.T.H. down in a matter of hours. With the help of Squid , a rogue cyberpunk, S.E.T.H. is able to put his program in a UniSol which Squid made superior to any of the newer models . Not only must Luc contend with ambitious reporter Erin Young , who will not leave his side, but Luc must also contend with General Radford  who wants to take extreme measures to stop S.E.T.H.. S.E.T.H. has arranged Romeo to kidnap Luc's injured 13-year-old daughter Hillary , killing Maggie in the process. Luc is the only person who can rescue Hillary, because Luc knows firsthand how a UniSol thinks, feels, and fights. Luc infiltrates the UniSol building, but finds Maggie, now revived as one of the UniSols. S.E.T.H is able to figure out the code himself, decides to kill Luc and raise Hillary himself, who he has healed using UniSol technology. During the fight Luc covers S.E.T.H. in liquid nitrogen then shatters S.E.T.H.'s frozen body. Luc then engages into a fight with Romeo, which ends when Maggie finally rebels against the UniSols by shooting Romeo, and allows Luc and Hillary to get out of the building on time. However, the bomb that General Radford had placed was deactivated by S.E.T.H.. As Romeo and the platoon of Universal Soldiers start to march out for battle, Luc fires at the explosive charge blowing up the building, killing all the Universal Soldiers."] ["When the evil Yun Shi Kai threatens to take control of the local province, the royal minister realises that he must build an army to defeat him. He travels to Tiger village where he enlists the help of three of their finest fighters to aid him in his quest. They are teamed with Captain Lee  and sent out in advance to prepare the villages for the minister's arrival. Along the way they encounter ambushes, romantic interludes and devious plots that all threaten to stop them from completing their duties."] ['The Angels, Dylan, Natalie and Alex, are hired to locate a set of titanium rings stolen from the Department of Justice that, when put together in a special machine, will display a list of all individuals in the witness protection program. Having discovered that one person on the list has been killed, the Angels investigate the scene and discover evidence suggesting that the killer is a surfer with a scar on one leg. Having tracked the killer to his next victim - who is subsequently sent to Bosley\'s house for protection - it is revealed that angel Dylan was once named Helen Zaas and is in the program herself for sending her former boyfriend Seamus - a member of the O\'Grady mafia family - to jail. Although they recover the rings, Dylan leaves the Angels because she doesn\'t want to endanger them with Seamus\' vendetta, but a vision of former Angel Kelly Garrett prompts her to return. Dylan and the others deduce that former angel Madison Lee is the perpetrator of the crimes due to her being the only individual possessing the necessary contacts to carry out such a scheme. Madison, having concluded "Why be an Angel, when [she] can be God", shoots the Angels and reacquires the rings- although the Angels are saved by their specially-designed Kevlar vests- returns to the agency to "confront" Charlie, rejecting his attempts to remind her that the Angels are a family and shooting his speaker off the desk, coldly sneering that she wasn\'t just a good Angel, but was the best, rejecting the idea that she ever needed her teammates. Learning that the rings will be sold after a rendezvous on the Hollywood Walk of Fame, the Angels travel to Hollywood. They set the Antonioni Crime Family, the Tanaka Yakuza, and the Diablo Cartel up to be caught by the FBI in a faked rendezvous. With Madison having contacted the O\'Gradys to act as security, Alex and Dylan take out the O\'Gradys, while Natalie and Madison go head-to-head themselves. Seamus kills the Thin Man as he shares a kiss with Dylan and Seamus and Dylan fight but when Seamus was about to burn her with his lighter, she kicks him off the building and he falls to his death, with the Angels subsequently stopping Madison\'s attempt to blow up the premiere of Alex\'s boyfriend Jason\'s new movie thanks to Bosley knocking the bomb away. Although Madison tries to escape, the Angels defeat her in a final confrontation in an abandoned theatre, throwing her through a gas main just as she fires her gun, causing an explosion that kills her. The film ends with the Angels celebrating their victory with Bosley.'] ['Jonathan Cabot  is approached by the Special Intelligence Agency  to play "the Game". The Game is an athletic competition in the fictional country of Parmistan, a tiny mountain nation which is supposedly located in the Hindu Kush mountain range. Parmistan forces all foreigners to play the Game, which is basically an endurance race with obstacles, all the while being chased by local Parmistan warriors. If a person wins, then they are granted their life and a wish. The SIA wants Cabot to win the game so that he can use his wish to install a US satellite monitoring station, which could monitor all satellites in space and act as an early warning system in case of nuclear attack. Cabot is told that the system could save millions of lives. As an extra incentive, Cabot is also told that his father  was actually a SIA operative who was sent to play the game but was never heard from again. After a training period with martial arts teacher, Japanese guru, and a beautiful Parmistan princess named Princess Rubali  he is deemed ready and sent to the town of Karabal, on the Caspian Sea for infiltration into Parmistan. While in Karabal, he is attacked by terrorist agents who kidnap Princess Rubali. Jonathan Cabot quickly raids the terrorist training center and, using his "gymkata" fighting style that combined gymnastics with karate, disables dozens of terrorists before rescuing the Princess and returning to the salt mine where he is staying. However, when he returns he finds out that his handler has betrayed him to the enemy. Luckily, the "special intelligence agency" arrives in the nick of time to save him. Finally, Cabot and Rubali use a raft to float down the river into Parmistan where they are promptly seized by Parmistan warriors and, after a fight, Cabot is knocked out. When Cabot wakes up, he is in the King\'s palace and is greeted by other players of the Game who also have arrived to play it. While waiting for the Game to start, Cabot learns from the Princess that the King\'s right hand man and manager of the Game, Commander Zamir, is actually planning a coup against the King and will attempt to sell the satellite rights to the enemy. Zamir also intends to marry Princess Rubali. With all this in mind, Cabot starts the Game but soon learns that Zamir won\'t play fair, and constantly breaks the strict rules of the Game in order to kill Cabot. Meanwhile the King\'s forces have been overpowered by Zamir\'s private army in the coup attempt which the King is tricked into believing is a set of security measures for his protection. Fighting many obstacles, Cabot is the only player left in the game and is about to be killed by crazed villagers when he is saved by a Parmistan warrior who turns out to be Cabot\'s father. His father explains that while playing the game he fell and disabled his arm, but was allowed by Parmistan warriors to live. As the two are catching up, Zamir fires an arrow into Cabot\'s father, who in a hushed voice tells Cabot to go on and win the race. Cabot races off, chased by Zamir\'s army. He is able to make his horse jump a gorge and gets away while only Zamir is brave enough to follow. Seeing that Zamir won\'t let him escape, Cabot decides to take him on and after a prolonged fight Cabot\'s gymkata skills allow him to defeat Zamir. Meanwhile, Princess Rubali finally convinces the King that Zamir is plotting to overthrow the monarchy. Using their combined fighting skills, the Princess and the King attack Zamir\'s men before encouraging the citizens of Parmistan to rise up and seize the rest. As the crowd takes down Zamir\'s army someone cries out that a contestant is approaching the finish line. As everyone runs to see who made it, Princess Rubali is thrilled to see that Cabot is riding in on a horse, leading his arrow-punctured but still alive father on another horse. The crowd seizes on the champion and as the movie ends, the audience is informed that in 1985 the first satellite monitoring station was installed.'] ['Leung Jan  is a young man in a wealthy family living in Foshan in the mid-19th century. He is a martial artist trained by two instructors in his father\'s employ. He has fought over three hundred times in Foshan and won every fight, but unbeknownst to him, his father has arranged for his servant Yee Tong Choi  to bribe Jan\'s opponents to lose to him in order to protect him. This has caused Jan to believe that he is a world-class fighter, but in truth he hasn\'t even mastered the basics of kung fu and any real fighter could easily defeat him. Everyone knows this but him, giving him the nickname "The Prodigal Son" behind his back. One night, three of Jan\'s friends attend a performance by the Lok Fung Lin Chinese Opera troupe. One of Jan\'s friends is attracted to the lead actress and asks her out on a date after the performance. She refuses, but he insists and even harasses her. She reveals herself to be a man, Leung Yee-tai , a master of Wing Chun. He beats up and humiliates Jan\'s friends. Jan challenges Yee-tai to a fight to avenge the insults to his friends. As usual, Yee Tong Choi tries to bribe Yee-tai to lose, but Yee-tai refuses, easily defeats Jan, and reveals the truth about his martial arts ineptitude to him. Jan, desiring to learn real kung fu, asks Yee-tai to teach him Wing Chun. Yee-tai refuses because he thinks Jan would probably misuse it, but Jan has his father buy the Lok Fung Lin troupe and gives himself a job as Yee-tai\'s personal assistant, insisting on following Yee-tai everywhere until Yee-tai agrees to teach him Wing Chun. This continues for six months. The Lok Fung Lin troupe travels to Canton. There, Yee-tai\'s Wing Chun skills are witnessed by Lord Ngai Fai , the son of a Manchu duke, who is also a martial arts master and is hunting for a worthy opponent. Ngai forces Yee-tai to fight him. Ngai and Yee-tai are evenly matched until Yee-tai has an asthma attack. Ngai stops the fight and postpones it until Yee-tai is healthy and fit for it. It is revealed that Ngai is also a "prodigal son;" unbeknownst to him, his father has ordered his bodyguards to protect him from anyone who might beat him in a fight. However, their methods are more ruthless and brutal than the bribery employed by Jan\'s parents; they resort to assassination. During the night, Ngai\'s bodyguards and a team of assassins infiltrate the Lok Fung Lin theater, massacre the troupe, and burn down the theater. Yee-tai is having trouble sleeping because of his asthma, and he sees light reflected off an assassin\'s blade through his eyelids and reacts in time to escape along with Jan. The assassins think they died in the fire, as does everyone else. Yee-tai takes Jan to the home of his martial brother Wong Wah-bo . With Wah-bo\'s help, Jan finally convinces Yee-tai to teach him Wing Chun. Jan trains under both Yee-tai and Wah-bo; Yee-tai trains him in Wing Chun and Wah-bo trains him in freestyle fighting. Over time, Jan achieves proficiency in martial arts, but Yee-tai\'s asthma is worsening. Jan takes Yee-tai back to Foshan to see a doctor. There, Ngai learns that Yee-tai is still alive, and he visits him. Yee-tai reveals that Ngai\'s bodyguards have been assassinating everyone who might beat Ngai. The bodyguards murder Yee-tai. Ngai, horrified, has his bodyguards executed. Jan challenges Ngai to a fight. Using everything that Yee-tai and Wah-bo taught him, he manages to beat Ngai.'] ['Zhang Wuji and his parents return from an isolated island and travel to Mount Wudang to celebrate his grandteacher Zhang Sanfeng\'s 100th birthday. Several pugilists attempt to force Zhang Wuji\'s parents to reveal the whereabouts of his godfather, Xie Xun, but they refuse and commit suicide in defiance. Zhang Wuji has been seriously injured by the Xuanming Elders and almost dies, but Zhang Sanfeng shows special care towards him and attempts to preserve his life. However, that incurs the jealousy of his senior Song Qingshu, who collaborates with Zhou Zhiruo of the Emei Sect to harm Zhang Wuji. One day, Zhang Wuji is bullied by Song and falls off a cliff together with Xiaozhao, a girl who helped him. They meet Huogong Toutuo by coincidence and Zhang recovers from his wounds completely, learning the powerful "Nine Yang Skill" in the process as well. Zhang discovers later that the Shaolin Sect is plotting with five other major sects to attack Bright Peak, headquarters of the Ming Cult, where Zhang\'s maternal grandfather, Yin Tianzheng is. Zhang ventures into a forbidden place on the peak and finds the "Heaven and Earth Great Shift" manual, mastering another powerful skill, and he helps the Ming Cult defeat the six sects. The cult members are grateful to Zhang and nominate him to be their leader. Zhang Wuji discovers that the conflict between the Ming Cult and the six sects was instigated by his godfather\'s sworn enemy, Cheng Kun, who has been hiding under a new identity in Shaolin all this while. At the same time, he also encounters Zhao Min, a Mongol princess, who is also an enemy of his cult. Zhao uses a special drug to poison the cult\'s members and Zhang Wuji confronts her to ask for the antidote. Zhao Min makes Zhang promise to help her do three things in exchange for the antidote. At the same time, Yin Tianzheng and the cult\'s members, who misbelieved that Shaolin was behind the poisoning, go to Shaolin Monastery for revenge but they are surprised to see corpses everywhere instead. In fact, Song Qingshu had actually betrayed the Wudang Sect and defected to the Mongol government. He is plotting with Zhao Min and her men to kill Zhang Sanfeng, but Zhang Wuji returns in time and saves his grandteacher. Zhang Wuji promises not to use his newly-mastered skills and still manages to defeat the Xuanming Elders. The film ends on a cliffhanger, as Zhao Min leaves after telling Zhang Wuji to go to Dadu to find her if he wants to rescue the missing members of the six sects.'] ["The film begins in Ban Nong Pradu, a rural village in northeastern Thailand whose most prized possession is an ancient Buddha image, named Ong-Bak. Ting, the village's best athlete, wins a tree climbing race and demonstrates extreme skill in muay Thai but vows never to use it for personal gain. During the night, visitors from Bangkok attack Ting's uncle and steal the statue's head which Ting promises to recover. In the city, Ting meets with his cousin Humlae who has dyed his hair blond and begun calling himself George. He and his friend, Muay Lek, are street-bike racing hustlers who have fallen in with a bad crowd of yaba dealers. They find that they speak the same Isaan dialect. Humlae is at first reluctant to help Ting, but when he sees the small fortune in coins that Ting has collected from his village, Humlae takes an immediate interest. When Ting is in the bathroom, Humlae grabs the sack and heads for a bar on Khaosan Road where an illegal boxing match is going on. Ting tracks Humlae down, but instead of getting his money back, he ends up fighting and being named the new champion.Ting's unexpected skill takes the gambling crowd by surprise and this makes Ting an enemy of Komtuan, a gray-haired, wheelchair-bound crimelord who needs an electrolarynx to speak. It is discovered that Ong-Bak was actually stolen by one of his henchmen, Don. George and Muay Lek begin working a scam at a baccarat game in an illegal casino. When the scam is discovered, a drug dealer punishes George with a beating. Ting ignores George's cries for help, but intervenes when the drug dealer attacks Muay Lek. When additional henchmen arrive, a footchase through the alleys ensues. Ting helps George escape in exchange for his assistance in helping to find Don. That night, Ting's skills are showcased once again when a fight breaks out at the bar. After many opponents are wounded, Komtuan tries to have Ting killed. Muay Lek, meanwhile, has been struggling to keep her older sister Ngek from using drugs. Ngek has fallen in with Don. On the bed, Ngek, following her sister's advice, says she wants to quit. Don, in his anger, violently suffocates her by stuffing drugs in her mouth. Muay Lek shows up at Don's apartment with George and Ting to find her sister near death. George and Ting take off and chase Don in tuk-tuks, with several of Don's men joining in. After dispatching many of the drivers, Ting ends up at a port in the Chao Phraya River, where he discovers a cache of stolen Buddha images. This leads back to the gangster Komtuan, who promises to deliver Ong-Bak's head if Ting throws a fight with one of his bodyguards - a Burmese boxer and has been treating himself with drugs to increase his strength and endurance. Ting loses the fight but is betrayed by Komtuan who kidnaps Ting, George and Muay Lek and orders his henchmen to kill them. Ting and George subdue the would-be assassins and follow the gangsters into a cave in a mountain, where the head of a giant Buddha image is being chiseled away. There is a final showdown, with Ting fighting off all of Komtuan's henchmen and George trying his best to help. Komtuan's bodyguard launches into a second drug-crazed fight with Ting but is defeated. Komtuan then shoots Ting and attempts to crush Ong-Bak's head with a sledgehammer. George covers the head with his body, taking the beatings himself. At that moment, the giant Buddha head falls onto them. Komtuan is killed instantly but George is left with enough strength to utter a dying wish - for Muay Lek to graduate school and for Ting to look after her. The head of the Ong-Bak Buddha statue is restored in the temple of Ting's village. Ting, now ordained as a monk with shaven head and white robes, arrives into the village in a procession on an elephant's back while the villagers and Muay Lek celebrate his ordination."] ["Paul Racine , a computer-chip executive from New York, is on one of his many business trips to Nagoya. One night he meets a beautiful woman named Kirina  in the hotel lounge, and ends up having a one-night-stand with her. When he attempts to further the relationship, Kirina implies that she has no future and thanks him for a wonderful night of pleasure and love. Dejected and somewhat confused, Paul reluctantly leaves her to be alone as she requests. Soon after the gaijin leaves her suite, however, she is approached by ruthless killer Kinjo  and two other men dressed as ninja. Kirina shows no fear and explains that she has accepted her fate. Kinjo, the leader of a cult of ninja assassins, is impressed by the woman's courage and grants her final wish by showing her his face. Paul, who had left with the wrong room key, returns and, upon seeing the situation, hides in the foyer while calling the police. When Kinjo decapitates Kirina , Paul first tries to come to her defense—alerting the three ninjas to his presence—and then tries to flee. Enraged that someone else has seen his face, Kinjo has his men gravely injure Paul by slitting his throat, leaving him for dead. Paul awakes in a hospital room, where he is told that the wound will heal, but his claims of seeing Kinjo are met with disbelief by the police. He is soon approached by a man named Takeda , who is an expert on the cult, and Kinjo in particular. Paul later discovers that Takeda is the last in a long line of samurai and has his own score to settle with Kinjo. After the ninja attempt to murder Paul at the hospital—killing numerous police officers in the process—Takeda and his wife Mieko  decide to take Paul to their family's stronghold, located on an island several hundred miles away. In leaving the city, however, Takeda uses Paul as bait to draw Kinjo out. This leads to a battle on a bullet train in which several passenger cars worth of innocent people are slaughtered by the ninja. Takeda and Mieko defeat the attackers, only to learn that Kinjo was not among them. The ninja leading the attack was Junko, Kinjo's lover, giving the ninja master personal motivation to kill Paul and Takeda. While on the island, Paul spends much time with the blacksmith Oshima, who is constructing a new sword for Takeda , and the old man teaches him about both smithing and swordsmanship. He also spends time with Takeda's wife, from whom he learns the history of the two clans' conflict as well as the samurai concepts of courage and honor. Mieko grows close to the gentle and compassionate Paul, the polar opposite of her moody and somewhat-deranged husband, although she remains fiercely loyal to Takeda. Three weeks later, Takeda's new sword is ready, and Paul's injuries have healed considerably. When Paul announces that he wants to leave the island and return home to New York, Takeda has him imprisoned and sends a message to Kinjo telling him Paul's whereabouts. Takeda's samurai are overwhelmed by the hordes of ninja who arrive on the island, but Takeda finally gets the duel with Kinjo that he has wanted all along. Kinjo stabs Takeda through the torso; Takeda in turn manages to stab Kinjo in the leg, but soon dies. As Kinjo is about to kill a helpless Mieko he is caught off-guard by Paul, whom Oshima had released on Mieko's instructions. Paul stabs Kinjo in the arm, but now finds himself face-to-face with his would-be killer, armed with only a sword he barely knows how to use. With his newfound skills, a lot of luck , and the assistance of a wounded Mieko, Paul manages to decapitate Kinjo, as he had done to Kirina. The film ends with Paul, Mieko, and Oshima starting to head up the hill toward the castle in the distance. It is implied that Paul and Mieko are now free to be together, and that Paul may remain in Japan rather than return to New York."] ['Little Mute  is a new Shaolin student who is mute. He struggles to keep up with the other students and to complete the grueling tasks assigned to him by his instructor. He is haunted by the memory of his father\'s murder at the hands of a masked bandit who was skilled in martial arts. One night, a drunken monk leads Little Mute to a secret cave behind a waterfall. A man is imprisoned there. Over time, Little Mute befriends the violent prisoner by bringing him food and wine that he steals from the monastery. He learns that the prisoner is a deadly martial artist who is developing a technique called the Lion’s Roar, which he will use to escape his captivity. Little Mute convinces the prisoner to train him. The prisoner\'s style aims to kill the opponent as fast as possible. A Shaolin nun sees Little Mute practicing these killing techniques. She tells him that martial arts are not for killing; rather, they are for self-development, with self-defense employed only when necessary and with minimal violence. She trains him in the Gliding Snake style, the ideals of which clash with those of the prisoner\'s killing style. Nevertheless, Little Mute continues to study both styles. Finally the prisoner judges that Little Mute is ready to attempt to pass the test of the Shaolin Wooden Men Alley, a narrow hallway containing thirty-six Shaolin Wooden Men, which are mechanical wooden dummies that attack anyone who enters the hallway. Little Mute successfully fights his way through the Wooden Men Alley. Shortly after Little Mute\'s triumph, the prisoner perfects his Lion\'s Roar technique and uses it to escape. He resumes his former role as the leader of the infamous Green Dragon Gang, murdering the men who were responsible for his imprisonment. It is revealed that he was a Shaolin student who went renegade, and was then captured and imprisoned. The head abbot of Shaolin felt responsible for the student\'s misdeeds, so the abbot blinded himself and left the Shaolin Monastery to live as a hermit, appointing a new abbot in his place. However, he promised to help Shaolin in the future if it was needed. Little Mute and the current head abbot of Shaolin seek out the hermit monk. The escaped prisoner has killed all those responsible for his imprisonment except the monks of Shaolin, and he is now on his way to destroy the monastery. The hermetic monk hands over a book containing the "ultimate" martial arts style, and Little Mute masters this style under the guidance of the current head abbot. When the escaped prisoner comes to destroy Shaolin, Little Mute stands ready to defend it against his former instructor. It is also revealed that the escaped prisoner was the murderer of Little Mute\'s father. Little Mute reveals that he is not mute, but he swore never to speak until he had found his father\'s killer. Little Mute counters his opponent\'s killing techniques, since he knows all of them. He creates multiple openings, but fails to exploit them due to the Shaolin nun\'s teachings, which said never to kill his opponent. Despite this, he manages to win. He offers to spare his former instructor on the condition that he returns to Shaolin for the remainder of his life. The escaped prisoner says that he is beyond salvation, but that it makes him proud that his student has learned so well. However, he then makes a final attempt to kill Little Mute. He grabs Little Mute from behind and attempts to crush his throat, but Little Mute moves out of the way, and the villain\'s strike hits his own throat, causing him to kill himself. Deprived of its leader, the Green Dragon Gang flees. Little Mute returns to the Shaolin monastery and is ordained as a monk.'] ['The story opens at a fabric dyeing mill. The quality of the dyes has noticeably worsened, and the factory owner, Wang, and his subordinate chief, Boss Wa, have decided to hire some Manchu overseers to improve the work. However, Wang has decided to cut the workers\' salary to pay the mercenaries, and when the workers protest they are viciously thrashed. When sitting in a tea house discussing their problems, the workers are joined by Chu Jen-chieh, a good-hearted small-time con man and the foreman\'s younger brother who is posing as a monk. He offers to help, but since he cannot actually do kung fu, he and the foreman\'s assistant, Ah Chao, devise a plan to trick the Manchu into reinstating the full salary pay, with Jen-chieh posing as the Shaolin\'s head abbot, San Te. At first the scheme works, but Wang quickly works out that this man is an impostor, and has him driven away and his Manchu hirelings retaliate against the workers. Feeling guilty about what has happened, Jen-chieh leaves and heads for the Shaolin temple. His first attempts to enter by stealth are thwarted by the vigilant monks and his own bumbling, but eventually he manages to sneak his way in, just to run into the Abbot San Te himself. He, too, realizes that Jen-chieh is not what he claims to be, but he announces that he wants to give him a chance: Jen-chieh is to build a set of gantries all around the temple and renovate the entire complex. Somewhat reluctantly, Jen-chieh goes to work, but he is constantly distracted by the monks practicing martial arts in the training courtyard, which he can look into from his high vantage point. Eventually, he begins to train in kung fu by himself, using the conditions of his assignment to improvise training facilities. However, this causes him to lag behind in his work, and it takes him more than a year to finish the gantry. As soon as Jen-chieh announces that he is finished, the abbot wants him to dismantle the structure and leave the monastery. Rebelling against this decision, Jen-chieh lands in the training courtyard and while trying to evade the abbot chasing him, he inadvertently manages to pass all hazards set in the yard with ease. The abbot finally corners him and forces him to leave, but with a strange smile playing around his lips. Jen-chieh returns to town to find that the conditions of the workers have worsened. Their salary has been cut by nearly half, and any who have protested had been laid off immediately. When some of the ex-workers attack him, not believing that he has learned kung fu in Shaolin, Jen-chieh instinctively and to his own surprise fights them off with his newly acquired kung fu skills. The next morning, Jen-chieh appears at the dye mill and thrashes the overseers, using bamboo fibers  to tie them up and incapacitate them and introducing his style as "scaffolding kung fu". Quickly, Wang and his bodyguards appear at the scene. Jen-chieh lures them out of the city to a mansion under construction, where he uses the building equipment and the tight quarters to his advantage. Finally overpowering the Wang, he forces him to pay his workers their full wages again. Reluctantly Wang admits defeat, and Jen-chieh continues his training on the half-finished grounds.'] ['Lieutenant Colonel Lam is an American army officer given a top secret mission by the US military. The mission entails entering Vietnam to destroy an old American bunker filled with missiles before the Viet Cong can get to them. Due to the dangerous nature of the mission, a group of Chinese American soldier convicts are selected to accompany him, led by Tung Ming-sun. Survivors are promised a pardon, US citizenship and $200,000 each. After a brief training session they are dropped into Vietnam. During the jump, Lam learns too late that the mission has been aborted. Once in enemy territory, they are met by some Cambodian guerrillas led by Godenzi and take refuge in a small town. There they meet Weasel , and his mentally ill "Uncle", Yeung. Later, the squad is captured and incarcerated in a POW camp, where the prisoners are forced to play Russian roulette in a similar manner to the film The Deer Hunter. After escaping, they discover that one of the Cambodian guerrillas is a traitor. With the Vietnamese military in pursuit, they are able to reach the bunker, where a final showdown with the  Vietnamese general occurs.'] ["The central character in Mad Cowgirl is Therese, a meat inspector who is dying of a brain disorder. The film follows Therese on her surreal descent into violence, in which men in her life become the Ten Tigers of Canton that she must kill in order to become a better woman. Victims of Therese's violent surreal madness include her meatpacking brother Thierry, naughty Pastor Dylan, and a Sri Lankan doctor."] ['The film opens as Eddie Lomax  drives an Indian motorcycle in an open desert plain . Soon enough, the motorcycle breaks down and Eddie dismounts, carrying nothing but his jacket, his .45 pistol, and a bottle of tequilla. As he lies in the desert drinking, he eventually sees his friend Johnny Sixtoes , a Mexican Indian, whom he had sent a postcard notifying him of his arrival. In their conversation, Eddie reveals that the surprise he wrote about in the letter was, in fact, the Indian motorcycle. He also reveals that he\'s there to kill himself as he goes into a drunken rage, revealing deep regret from their days in the Army, claiming that the souls of those that he killed haunt him. Firing shots off in all directions, he vents his buried feelings to Johnny, and hopes he will "give him the OK to take a journey". Soon after the shots are fired, a truck pulls up to Eddie, Johnny disappears, it gets clear that Eddie was hallucinating about him being present. Matt , Jesse ([[Silas Weir Mitchell , and Petey Hogan , sons of Ramsey Hogan  get out of the truck, Matt furious at one of Eddie\'s drunken shots almost killing him. Eddie staggers to them, not wanting any trouble; Matt, however, insists that he apologize. Matt then proposes that they take the motorcycle, and they\'ll forget about the gunshot. Eddie persists that the motorcycle is a gift for his friend, telling Matt to get off. Matt seems to comply, until he delivers a cheap blow to Eddie. After a small fight, Eddie is left beaten and shot in his right shoulder. As the brothers stand over Eddie, another truck passes with a local restaurant waitress Dottie  and cook Vern . Dottie expresses extreme concern; Vern, simply drives on, not wanting any trouble from the Hogans. Matt begins to load the motorcycle onto the truck, instructing Jesse to make sure that Eddie is dead. Jesse asks for Eddie\'s gun from Pete, who took it from the earlier struggle. Being the youngest of the three, Petey insists on doing the job. As Jesse and Matt load the motorcycle, Petey aims at Eddie\'s head. Eddie\'s eyes open briefly, which makes Petey uneasy. Two shots ring out, which make Matt and Jesse think that Pete shot Eddie twice. However, Petey froze and simply shot two rounds into the ground. Johnny Six Toes finds Eddie and nurses him back to health. Eddie then comes back to town to recover his pistol from Leon  and Lester  in the pawn shop by killing them. Eddie falls for Rhonda Reynolds , the other waitress and enlists the help of Jubal Early  to help him dispose of the bodies. He then sets the two rival gangs against each other in a bloody path to get his prized motorcycle for Johnny, get his revenge from the Hogans, and ultimately find a reason to carry on living in the end Eddie defeats Jesse and is once on the road with Johnny'] ['Fresh out of prison, Isaiah Bone  moves to Los Angeles, where underground fights are being held. One night, after watching a match involving local champion Hammerman , Bone makes a deal with promoter Pinball  to get him into the fight scene for 20% of his earnings . On that same night, Bone encounters mob boss James  and his girlfriend Angela Soto . It is revealed to Bone by Pinball that Angela was previously married, but James set her husband up on a triple-homicide, sending him to jail. When James learned that she was pregnant, he had her undergo an abortion. Since then, Angela has fallen into drug addiction. Over the next few nights, Bone makes a name for himself in the underground fighting scene, defeating every fighter in his path and earning himself and Pinball thousands in cash. At the same time, he bonds with the people who live at his apartment building: Tamara  - the landlady who manages his apartment, Roberto  - an elderly man whom he plays chess with, and Jared  - a young boy Tamara adopted after his father was sent to prison. Then, after making the once-undefeated Hammerman fall to the ground, Bone is offered a deal by James. The international underground fighting scene is run by a league of rich, powerful men known as the "Consortium", but mainly by a black market arms dealer named Franklin McVeigh , and James wants Bone to square off against Pretty Boy Price , the reigning champion. Bone tells James he will think about the offer. Later in the party, James orders Angela to get acquainted with Bone in her room. Bone reveals to her that he was cell mates and close friends with her husband Danny ([[Kevin Phillips  in jail. Then one day, Danny was murdered by an inmate named JC . Angela reveals that shortly after Danny went to prison, she gave birth to a son, but lost custody of him and does not know if he is still alive. Bone promises to bring her to her son, but sends her to a drug rehab clinic until she is ready. The next morning, James offers McVeigh US$5 million to have him get the Consortium approve and schedule a fight between Bone and Price. That night, Bone discovers that Roberto has been murdered in front of the apartment, mauled to death by James\' dogs because he witnessed one of James\' street killings. Bone declines the offer to fight for James mainly because he never agreed to it; as a result, James orders his thugs to hunt down Bone and Pinball. James\' bodyguard Teddy D  and his thugs head to the rehab clinic to pick up Angela, only to have Bone and Pinball dispatch them. Transmitting his location through Teddy D\'s GPS phone, James has the duo follow him to McVeigh\'s mansion. There, Bone is ordered by James to fight Price and win back his money, or else he will have Angela, Tamara, Jared and Pinball killed. During the conversation, Bone secretly records James\' revelation that he had Danny set up and murdered through the GPS phone, which he transmits to Pinball\'s cell phone; Pinball then sends the video to the police. Bone faces Price, but at the point where he is close to defeating Price, he taps the ground and forfeits the fight. An infuriated James grabs his katana and attacks Bone, but Bone is thrown a jian by McVeigh\'s bodyguard to even the odds. Bone drops the sword and uses the sheath instead, beating James with it. In the middle of the melee, Bone blocks a sword slash, causing James to cut off his own hand. He runs off before the police arrive at the mansion to arrest James. The next day, Angela is reunited with Jared. Tamara, who had threatened to kick Bone out due to his association with James, offers him to stay; he declines, saying he will only cause further trouble. Before exiting the apartment, he leaves her an envelope full of cash and asks her to take Angela in once she is rehabilitated. He also parts ways with Pinball, saying he has business to take care of. During the end credits, James is attacked by JC and his gang in prison and sodomized with a shank.'] ["Terry Yue Siu-bo, a single father who single handedly raises his two children, Natalie and Nicky, to young adulthood after his wife's death. Nicky works as a dolphin trainer at Ocean Park and Natalie goes to school with Ella. Her boyfriend, Jason, is a musician who does not speak Cantonese very well, and in his first scene, gives Natalie a pet pig. Siu-bo works as a Chinese traditional bonesetter and has kung fu skills, which he has passed on to his children, who display prowess while fighting each other in sibling disputes. Siu-bo tells exaggerated stories to his children and their friends, but they think they don't believe them to be true thus causing a lot of embarrassment to Nicky and Natalie. A figure an ex-CIA Agent from Siu-bo's past appears, and kidnapping Siu-bo and demands information about a former spy whom Siu-bo knew. The children then unite their skills in a desperate attempt to save their father, and while at it, learn of his great past as a G4 agent assigned to protect former spies."] ["This is a period film set during the Ming Dynasty in the desert region of China. Tsao Siu-yan is a power-crazed eunuch who rules his sector of China as if he were the Emperor and not a mere official. He has built up an elite army of skilled archers and horsemen who receive intensive training and powerful weapons. This ruthless body is known as the Dong Chang . When elements of his administration plot against him and his despotic rule, Tsao comes down ruthlessly. One such plotter is defence minister Yang Yu-xuan, who is executed along with his family. Tsao does spare two of the younger children in order to lure Yang's ally, rebel general Chow Wai-on, into a trap. Escorted by a couple of rather poorly East Factory soldiers, the children are sent out into the desert. Rebels, led by Chow's lover, swordswoman Yau Mo-yan, arrive to free them, but are attacked by East Factory troops. Tsao later calls off the attack when he realises that Chow is not among the fighters. The rebels and the children then proceed to the Dragon Gate Pass through which they will cross the border. They reach the Dragon Gate Inn, which is a meeting place for brigands run by brigands. The innkeeper, the lively Jade, runs a sideline in which she seduces and murders her more plump guests, drops them down a chute to the kitchen and has them served as the meat in buns. Jade also keeps whatever money the customer has. The cutting up is done by her cook Dao, an expert at stripping meat to the bones. Mo-yan and her followers arrive at the inn. She is disguised as a man, but Jade is not fooled, claiming that only a woman would pass her without so much as a glance. That night she confronts Mo-yan and the pair engage in a lively acrobatic fight with both women trying to remain clothed, while stripping the other. Rebel leader Chow arrives and is re-united with Mo-yan. They plan to cross the border with the children but the bad weather delays their departure. Furthermore Jade takes a liking to Chow and resolves to get him for herself . Things are made even more complicated when East Factory officials led by Cha arrive at the inn posing as merchants. The scene is set for a vicious battle of bodies and wits between both sides, with Jade trying to keep the peace and getting every advantage, monetary or otherwise, that she can get out of it. Meanwhile, the bulk of the East Factory forces, led by eunuch Tsao himself, are on their way to the inn. Chow believes that, like most den of thieves, the inn has a secret passage through which his comrades can escape. Jade agrees to show them the passage if Chow will sleep with her. He agrees if they marry first. Jade, a practical girl, is rather surprised at having to marry for a one-night stand but proceeds anyway, with Cha acting as host for the wedding. The heart-broken Mo-yan drowns her sorrows in drink. The growing tension inside the inn breaks out into open battle when Cha and his men realise that the rebels want to use the secret passage to escape. The fight that follows results in the deaths of all the Dong Chang at the inn and most of the rebels and brigand hosts. Mo-yan herself is seriously injured. Tsao and his army arrives and lays siege to the inn. Inside there is only a handful of survivors: Jade the innkeeper, Dao the cook, Chow the rebel leader, Mo-yan his lover and the children. They escape through the passage, but a loose ribbon gives them away and Tsao himself sets off in pursuit. There then ensues a vicious one-on-three battle amidst a desert storm as Tsao fights Jade, Chow and Mo-yan. Weakened by her wounds, Mo-yan perishes in quicksand. Just as Tsao is about to finish off Jade and Chow, Dao suddenly appears and takes him on with his carving knife. He carves away at Tsao, leaving the warlord with a skeletal arm and leg. Chow then moves in for the kill and Tsao is finished. Chow and the children make their way to the border. Jade and Dao follow Chow after burning down the infamous inn."] ["In 1905, Sun Wen intends to go abroad to Hong Kong, a British colony, to discuss his plans with fellow Tongmenghui members to overthrow China's corrupt and crumbling Qing Dynasty. Empress Dowager Cixi sends a group of assassins, led by Yan Xiaoguo, to kill Sun. Revolutionary Chen Shaobai arrives in Hong Kong a few days before Sun's arrival, to meet Li Yutang, a businessman who provides financial aid for the revolutionaries. As Sun Wen's arrival day draws near, trouble begins brewing in Hong Kong as Chen Shaobai's acquaintances are murdered and Chen himself is kidnapped by the assassins during a raid. Li Yutang decides to officially declare his support for the revolutionaries after the newspaper agency is closed by the British authorities, who do not interfere in China's political situation. Li rallies a group of men, including rickshaw pullers, hawkers and a beggar, to serve as bodyguards for Sun Wen when he arrives. Li's son Li Chongguang is chosen to act as a decoy for Sun Wen to divert the assassins away while Sun attends the meeting and leaves Hong Kong safely."] ['Jimmy Tong  is a taxi driver notorious for his speed and ability to get his customer anywhere in the least amount of time. His reputation lands him a job as the personal chauffeur of the mysterious but wealthy Clark Devlin . Jimmy does not really know what his new boss\' job might be, but Devlin\'s friendly nature, imperturbable demeanor, and willingness to offer Jimmy advice wins Jimmy over and the two become friends. Jimmy has no idea that Devlin is a spy, and when an attempt to kill Devlin with a car bombing sends him into a coma, Jimmy ends up with Devlin\'s recent case notes and a special watch that controls Devlin\'s rather unusual tuxedo. The tuxedo is a gadget capable of granting its wearer special abilities  which Jimmy must use to stop the terrorist group responsible for Devlin\'s attempted murder. Headed by the notorious Dietrich Banning , the goal of the Banning Corporation is to take over the global drinking water supply, starting with the poisoning of major US reservoirs by means of genetically-modified water strider insects. By pure chance Jimmy is joined by a genius scientist with aspirations of field work, Delilah "Del" Blaine . Blaine is completely new to field work and is delighted to be on assignment with Devlin, only to be very confused by Jimmy as he impersonates Devlin, relying on the tuxedo\'s special abilities to compensate for his lack of skill and training. At first, Blaine thinks Jimmy is weird and annoying, and then a fraud when Jimmy\'s impersonation is finally exposed. She confiscates his borrowed tuxedo and attempts to stop the evil Dietrich Banning on her own by feigning a desire to become a turncoat for Banning Corporation. Meanwhile Jimmy is ready to give up and go back to his life as a taxi driver, but while packing his belongings he discovers that Devlin had ordered a second tuxedo for Jimmy himself, believing that Jimmy could also be a great agent. Using his own tuxedo, Jimmy defeats the villain, Banning, and his henchmen. In the final scene, he and Blaine admit a tentative attraction for each other and walk away to buy coffee.'] ['The main character, J.J. McQuade is a former Marine and a Texas Ranger who prefers to work alone. He lives in a dirty home in the middle of nowhere with a pet wolf. The film opens with McQuade involved in an intense battle with Mexican bandits and a gang of horse thieves from which he emerges unscathed . Shaking off the dust, McQuade returns to El Paso, Texas to attend the retirement ceremony of his fellow Ranger and close friend Dakota. After the party, his commander attempts to curb his "lone wolf" attitude by insisting he work with local Texas State Trooper Kayo Ramos, a tough but clean-cut and polite Latino. McQuade has a teenage daughter who came from a past marriage and is still on good terms with his former wife. While out with his daughter , his daughter\'s horse runs wild and she is saved by Lola Richardson . She invites the men to a party where Rawley Wilkes  displays his prowess in martial arts and some of his thugs get into a fight with Ramos. After settling the fight, Richardson and McQuade leave the party and apparently have a romantic encounter. She shows up at his house cleaning and seems to start breaking through his rough exterior within the couple of days they were together. Meanwhile, McQuade\'s daughter and her boyfriend witness the hijacking of a U.S. Army convoy. The boyfriend is shot to death while one of the hijackers (driving a Dodge Aspen pushes the car in which the daughter is hiding car over an embankment, landing her in the hospital. McQuade more readily works with Kayo to find out who did this to his daughter. Kayo\'s computer skills allow him to track the errant convoy. At an illegal garment factory, they pick up a young delinquent named Snow [William Sanderson], who is reluctant to talk until Dakota points a Mac-10 in his general direction and empties the magazine. As the story progresses, they are joined by FBI Special Agent Jackson. The trail leads them to arms merchant Rawley Wilkes , who is hijacking U.S. arms shipments for his illicit weapons deals. The three eventually find the arms trading headquarters in the desert. Agent Núñez is killed when he and his agents attack the headquarters after McQuade and Ramos tried to stop them, but ended up in the gunfight as well. All the good guys are shot, McQuade is caught and while held by thugs, beaten by Wilkes. Richardson is witness to this yelling for Wilkes to stop. Wilkes has McQuade placed in his truck and buried. McQuade manages to escape, though injured. Agent Jackson and Ramos appear both shot but alive. McQuade finds that his daughter has been taken by Wilkes by an another arms dealer  mad at Wilkes. He gives McQuade the exact location in Mexico where Wilkes and his daughter are. Though McQuade is intent and tries to head to the location on his own, both Ramos and Jackson have followed him and the three head into the base for the attack. After an intense battle, with Jackson being shot again, and McQuade\'s daughter and Richardson escaping, the daughter is shot in the leg and both women are sidelined. Finally McQuade and Wilkes engage a hand to hand fight with the fight leaning first in Wilkes\' favor until he strikes McQuade\'s daughter , provoking McQuade into a frenzy of hits and kicks that defeats Wilkes. McQuade is reunited with his daughter, only to be fired upon by an injured Wilkes. Richardson  steps into the line of fire to save McQuade and is killed in the process. Her dying words to McQuade was that Wilkes killed her husband, forced her to be his partner and that she loved McQuade. Meanwhile Wilkes and his remaining thug run into a building, Jackson providing McQuade with a grenade and McQuade throwing it into the building, killing Wilkes and the other man. Falcon\'s helicopter lands, McQuade, his daughter, Ramos and Jackson take it leaving the arms dealer to deal with the "federales". After being awarded along with Jackson for their actions, McQuades ex-wife and daughter show up with a U-haul as McQuade is going to help them move . As they are getting ready to leave, Ramons shows up telling McQuade he is needed at a bank hold up with hostages. Torn between his family and the job, McQuade chooses the job having his ex-wife yell that he will never change.'] ['Sean Barker is mentally tortured by his transformation into the Guyver and does not know what to do with his power. He is drawn to an archaeological dig in Utah that turns out to be funded by Cronos. While there, they discover an alien ship where Sean learns about the history of humanity and the purpose of the Guyver.'] ['Gennosuke is a rebel samurai on the run, having fled his clan after assassinating a counselor. The daughter of the counselor, Misa, and her fiance, Daizaburo, pursue Gennosuke along with other samurai from Gennosuke\'s clan despite Gennosuke\'s obvious superiority as a warrior. A series of flashbacks reveals that Gennosuke was manipulated into committing the treason by one of the clan\'s higher-ranking samurai, who led Gennosuke to believe that the counselor\'s death would result in modern reforms to the clan and in Gennosuke\'s promotion to a full-fledged retainer, instead of a lowly foot soldier. In fact, the ranking samurai simply wanted the counselor killed so that he could succeed to the position himself. He had used Gennosuke to do the "dirty work", and then abandoned Gennosuke to face the consequences of the crime. As Gennosuke flees, he is given refuge by a poor farmer named Gundayu. Knowing the Gennosuke is a skilled swordsman, Gundayu makes the fugitive his partner in a scheme to poach gold from the shogun\'s mountain. Doing so is dangerous, because of the presence of bandits and other poachers in the area, as well as the risk of being caught by the shogun\'s authorities and sentenced to death. On the mountain, Gennosuke discovers another samurai, Jurota Yamane and his wife Taka, who are stealing gold as part of a mission for their clan. It is eventually revealed that Jurota\'s clan is going to betray him and kill him and his wife after they have the gold. On hearing this Gennosuke is reminded of his own betrayal by the high-ranking men of his own clan. He decides to help Jurota and Taka instead of leaving the mountain for safety. Daizaburo and Misa catch up to Gennosuke as he is making this decision and follow him to the scene of the climactic battle. Gennosuke finds Jurota and Taka, but too late to stop their murder by their own clan. Instead he takes revenge of the gathered clansmen and mercenaries. After the battle is won, Daizaburo and Misa see the hypocrisy of the clan system mirrored in Gennosuke\'s situation and rescind their vendetta allowing Gennosuke to leave without a fight.'] ['Marine Police officer Dragon Ma  is part of the Marine Police\'s effort to suppress the pirates, who have been raiding ships for months. Members of the Royal Hong Kong Police Force and the Marine Police, who have a strong interservice rivalries, get into a fight in a bar. Shortly after this, Captain Chi  releases all of the sailors to their commanding officer, and two of the Marine Police\'s ships get blown up. Gangsters Chiang and Mr. Chow meet at a VIP Club, and discuss fleeing to Vietnam. As soon as Chiang leaves, he meets one of the pirates and they laugh about sabotaging the Marine Police ships. In the course of the conversation, the pirate tells him that his boss, San-po , wants 100 police rifles. As they do not have enough ships, Dragon Ma and his squad are forced to become regular police officers. They have to undergo "hard training" with the police, under Captain Chi\'s nephew, Hong Tin-tsu . After the police learn that Chiang is at the VIP Club, and that the guests there are not to be disturbed, Dragon and Tin-tsu go to arrest Chiang, but a big fight breaks out. After tiring of the blatant corruption in the police force, Dragon drags Chiang out and tells Tin-tsu to take the credit. That is his last official act as an officer with the Hong Kong police. Fei  finds Dragon in the street. They have a conversation, in which Fei reveals that someone from within the police force is selling rifles. Fei tells Dragon that all he wants are the guns, and Dragon can catch the traitor. At night, Dragon and Fei interrupt a gun deal between the Army and the police Captain. After pushing everyone into the water and making off with the guns, Fei hides the rifles inside a log and marks it with a red flag. He later tries to sell the guns to the gangsters and pirates, but Dragon has intervened by removing the red flag and putting flags on other logs. After the Admiral arrives, Dragon has a conversation with the Admiral\'s daughter, Winnie. He learns that the Captain wasn\'t smuggling guns for San-po, he was buying the guns from the army to arm his men. On overhearing this, Fei gets into an argument with Dragon. The gangsters come after Fei, so he tells them that Dragon is to blame for the missing guns. Dragon is forced to flee with Winnie. After teaming up with Fei, being tortured for information about the guns, and falling from the face of a clock tower, the police track Dragon down for a third time, and help him get away as they arrest the gangsters. As the pirates have lost the guns they kidnap everyone on board a ship, including a Rear Admiral. The Colonel has a conversation with Mr. Chow, which Dragon overhears. Mr. Chow proposes an arms for hostages deal. He tells the Colonel that this will "greatly expedite matters," and the Colonel consents. After Mr. Chow leaves, Dragon confronts the Colonel and convinces him that the gangsters and the pirates will never fear the law if the police force are corrupt. After it is agreed that Dragon will assume all responsibility for the mission to save the hostages, the Colonel allows the Marine Police to be brought back into full force. Mr. Chow is brought in by the police and beaten until he tells Dragon and Tin-tsu how to get to San-po. Dragon, posing as Mr. Chow, gets onboard a ship that takes him to San-po\'s hideout, and they are followed by the rest of the squad. Fei sneaks aboard and poses as a pirate. After a lot of tricky undercover work, the cavalry arrives, and there is a final confrontation in the middle of the pirate\'s lair. Dragon, Tin-tsu, and Fei engage in a hand-to-hand battle with San-po, eventually killing him with a hand grenade when he\'s rolled into the carpet.'] ["Black Stone is a quiet sleepy town until a mysterious stranger arrives. Secretive of his business he soon arouses suspicion especially when his identity is revealed as the infamous, troublemaking 'Southern Fist' fighter Pai Yu Ching. Tan Tao Liang plays 'Northern Leg' Captain Lu, the towns 'sheriff' who finds himself in deep water when the mayor's son murders his  mother-in-law. Lu is steadfast in his resolve to catch the killer but has many obstacles put in his way, particularly Ms. Li ; the sister of an ex-sheriff who Lu accidentally killed and wants revenge, and the mayor, who hires Pai Yu Ching to protect his house from any would-be lawmen that might try to arrest his son. The mayor has other reasons for keeping Lu at arms length as he is deeply involved in a counterfeiting ring. Pai Yu Ching is actually a secret government official, who in the beginning is often in staring contests with Capt Lu but eventually seeks Lu’s help after his partner is killed by the hotels owner . When matters get out of hand the mayor calls on his partner, the strange Mr Lung , for help. Mr Lung is a kind of golden haired, white faced gorilla-like creature that speaks in an echoed voice and walks with a limp. He is, however, extremely competent at mantis kung fu. Mr. Lung eventually helps the mayor capture Capt Lu and Pai Yu Ching after they find the seal that makes counterfeit money. Ms. Li puts aside her hatred for Capt Lu and rescues him a Pai and kills the mayor. Capt Lu and Pai Yu Ching then hunt down Mr. Lung for a final showdown."] ['After thief Alex Cardo  gets caught while stealing an ancient Jian in East Asia, he soon finds himself imprisoned and beaten. One of the guards, Demon , is particularly upset by Alex\'s appearance and tortures him whenever he gets the opportunity. Alex finds one friend and mentor in the jailhouse, Master Sun , who teaches him a superior fighting style called "Iron Hand". When a "best of the best kumite" is to take place, Demon gets an invitation. Now Master Sun and Alex need to find a way to let Alex take part in the kumite, too. The final fight of the movie pits Alex and Demon together. At first, and for a long time, Demon has the upper hand in terms of strength and fighting ability. When Alex is down, he takes one last look at Master Sun and uses the "Iron Hand" against his opponent, severely damaging and defeating Demon. Alex is the winner, and as part of deals previously made in the movie, Master Sun is freed from prison, and so is Alex.'] ['The film follows Kristi Jones  who, along with her gang, take part in Mafia-run street fights to earn money for her sister\'s college education. Kristi\'s sister hopes to become a doctor and pay for Kristi\'s education. Meanwhile, an underground fighter by the name of "Stingray"  is left by his wife, Anna, and vows to find her. Stingray has suffered from abandonment issues since early childhood and this new trauma triggers a psychotic break from reality. He begins to kidnap women who resemble his ex-wife, and subsequently tortures them and gouges their eyes out before returning their bodies to the crime scene. Kristi\'s sister becomes one of the victims, so Kristi tracks down Stingray with the help of police officer Nick DiMarco , who might just be falling for her, alongside her sister\'s psychiatry tutor Jennifer  and Nick\'s partner Mike . They eventually track down Stingray, who has kidnapped Jennifer, and fight in a warehouse where he escapes after shooting and killing Mike. Jennifer\'s injuries, though relatively minor, require that she be admitted to the hospital where she is again kidnapped by Stingray who is impersonating a doctor. Kristi and Nick chase him to a storage area where, in an infamous scene, the three do battle, mostly through hand-to-hand combat. Stingray is bested by the pair, having both eyes gouged out in the process. The final scene shows with Kristi and her friends visiting her late sister\'s resting place to inform her that Stingray has finally been defeated. It is revealed that Kristi has somehow enrolled her former gang in college to give them a chance at a better life, and that Kristi has also been enrolled in college by Nick. The film ends with the group engaging in an impassioned four way high-five.  Bloody Mary Killer'] ["Li Bai  is the creator and master of the 'Shi Zi So Hou Shou'  who passes down the skill to his children 'Ching Yang'  and Meng Ping . However, an old friend 'Fang Yun Biao' visits Li Bai and manages to kill him by attacking the skills only weakness and unknowingly, also kills his two other students to whom he believed were Li Bai's children. After his children find out of the murder, Ching Yang sets out to avenge his father. Travelling to Thailand to kill Fang and before that, gives him information of who hired him - the rich benevolent 'Lin Hao' . In the process, he attracts Lin Hao into accepting him as a bodyguard by stealing and retaining in custody gold that belonged to Lin Hao. While suspected by other guards, Lin Hao remains in a difficult situation to find out if Li Bai's siblings are still alive and what Ching Yang is really there for..."] ["Two young kung fu experts are terrorized by an evil warlord whose weapon is known as the Hell's Wind Staff. With the aid of an old rival of the warlord, they train in the Dragon Hands and the Rowing Oar to face off against the deadly Hell's Wind Staff."] ['A rich man with a kind heart takes in a suffering homeless orphan named Chun Yau. The man’s spoiled/jealous son does not take well to his new stepbrother. Chun Yau grows into a righteous martial artist played by Bryan Leung. Likewise, the jealous son grows into a bitter gang leader, essayed by Chang Yi. The jealous son holds a grudge against his stepbrother because Chun Yau stole his girlfriend. Now, Chang Yi has made it his goal to hunt down Chun Yau and his bride, Yu Ti prompting the newlyweds to spend their lives together running in fear from the gang leader. But one day Chun Yau runs into a bumbling tough guy named Fatty, who immediately challenges him to fight. Chun Yau quickly dispatches of his aggressor, prompting Fatty to set himself up as Chun Yau’s pupil. Apparently Fatty has promised his ancestors that he shall learn proper Kung Fu by training under the man who beats him . However, Chun Yau and his wife are trying to keep a low profile and they want nothing to do with Fatty, as all he does is attract attention. Fatty, meanwhile, can’t help but wonder why such a great martial artist lives in fear. With his stepfather at death’s door, Chun Yau and his wife go to pay final respects to his ill-struck adopted father. As Chun Yau enters his father’s room, he finds himself surrounded by Chang Yi’s men. They let Chun Yau speak with his stepfather as the old one expires. Chang Yi appears to be mourning the death of his father, but as soon as Chun Yau leaves his stepfather’s room, Cheng Yi orders his men to attack his stepbrother. Fatty arrives in time to help Chun Yau fight off the gang members. But Chun Yau’s wife can no longer handle the pressures of life on the run. She begs Chang Yi to stop the violence and she will leave Chun Yau and live with him. She tells her husband she is sick of life on the run and that she will stay with Chang Yi. Chun Yau is shattered and leaves a broken man, followed by the faithful Fatty. But Yu Ti really does not plan on spending her life with her hated admirer. After Chang Yi calls off the price on Chun Yau’s head, Yu Ti commits suicide rather than succumbing to his desires. The death of Yu Ti only serves to fuel the flames of hatred between these two men. Chang Yi hires martial arts assassins  to deal with his stepbrother. A plan is composed by Yau and Fatty that results in the supposed death of someone.'] ['Astronomer Shinichi Tachibana, has a secret identity as superhero "Iron-Sharp"  and has many children as friends. When they are attacked by a group of metallic aliens , Iron-Sharp drives the aliens away. Tachibana is also resourceful, as he helps develop an electric barrier to block the aliens from coming to the Earth. After several losses by the aliens, they announce that they will invade the Earth, throwing the world into a state of panic. As they invade the aliens destroy entire cities with their mothership and smaller fighters. Iron-Sharp destroys multiple enemy ships and Japan fires a nuclear missile at the mothership, destroying it.'] ['A Christian musical procession waits outside a prison for Lee Geum-ja , a recently-reformed female prisoner, who had been convicted of murdering a young schoolboy, Won-mo. The case, a national sensation because of her young age at the time of the murder and innocent appearance, earns her a lengthy prison sentence, reduced because of her apparent spiritual transformation in prison and her good conduct toward other inmates, results in the nickname of the "Kind-Hearted Geum-Ja." As Lee Geum-ja emerges from prison, she immediately sidesteps the procession, intent on revenge. Lee Geum-ja is innocent of the murder, confessing to the false crime by order of Mr. Baek , the real killer who kidnapped and threatened to murder her newborn daughter if she refused. Inside prison, Geum-ja makes a number of friends with her angelic, maternal demeanour, donating a kidney to one inmate, tenderly caring for others and poisoning the prison bully. Once paroled, Geum-Ja immediately visits the other paroled inmates, calling in favours that include food, shelter and weapons. She also begins work at a local pastry shop, under the tutelage of a chef who previously volunteered at the prison. Further distancing herself from her kindhearted reputation, she wears red eyeshadow, provocative high-heel pumps and chronically dreams about murdering Mr. Baek. Geum-ja researches her daughter and discovers that she was adopted by Australian parents. Jenny, now a teenager, does not speak Korean and does not initially embrace her mother. After persuading her family to allow her to return to Seoul from Sydney, Jenny follows Geum-ja around the city as she plans to kidnap Mr. Baek with help of his wife, another ex-convict. During this Mr. Baek, now a children\'s teacher at a local preschool, discovers that Geum-ja is released and aware of her plans, attacks his wife and hires thugs to ambush Geum-ja and Jenny. In the ensuing battle, Geum-ja kills both thugs, while Mr. Baek falls unconscious due to the drugs slipped into his food by his wife. Geum-ja, eager yet hesitant to kill the unconscious Mr. Baek, discovers several children\'s trinkets decorating his cell phone. Remembering that his modus operandi involved stealing an orange marble from Won-Mo following his murder, Geum-ja realises that they are souvenirs from victims and deduces that Mr. Baek murdered other children as well. She imprisons him and contacts the detective from the Won-Mo case, and they infiltrate Mr. Baek\'s apartment together and discover snuff tapes of the other children that Mr. Baek murdered. Geum-ja and the detective contact and transport the parents or surviving relatives of the missing children to an abandoned school on the outskirts of Seoul. After showing them the tapes, the group deliberates on Mr. Baek\'s fate, ultimately deciding to murder him collectively, with the audio of their discussion amplified for Baek to hear. Wearing raincoats and wielding a variety of weapons, they approach Mr. Baek individually and torture him while the last person, an emotionless grandmother, kills Baek with the scissors of her murdered grand daughter. They take a group photo, ensuring that none of them can turn in the others without implicating themselves, and then bury the corpse outside. Geum-ja, the investigator, and the parents all converge on Geum-ja\'s bakery, where they eat a cake and sing a collective birthday song for their deceased children. Geum-ja approaches her apartment with a cake box when she notices Jenny. They embrace before Geum-ja opens the box to reveal a white cake resembling a block of tofu. She instructs her daughter to "live white", as pure as tofu. Jenny tastes the cake and says Geum-ja should live even more purely. As they stare up into the snowy sky, Geum-ja weeps and sobs uncontrollably, burying her face in the cake, while Jenny moves to hug her.'] ["A brother and sister escape from Japanese-occupied Shanghai to Japanese-occupied Taiwan, to stay with their grandfather who runs a Kung-Fu school there. However, the master of a Japanese Kung- Fu school in Taiwan has designs on bringing all other schools on the island under his domination, and part of his plan involves the murder of the siblings' grandfather. Undaunted, the brother and sister reestablish their grandfather's school, leading to a final confrontation with the Japanese Kung Fu master. Jackie Chan plays a young thief who at first does not want to learn Kung-Fu, but finally realizes that he can no longer stand by and let the Japanese trample the rights of the Chinese people. He proves extremely adept at the martial arts, and carries the fight to its final conclusion."] ["In 1963, a couple  are doting on their newborn twin boys. Meanwhile, a dangerous gang leader named Crazy Kung  is being transported as a captive in the same hospital. Crazy Kung escapes and attempts to take one of the twins hostage. In the ensuing chaos, the twins are permanently separated. One of them, named Ma Yau, is raised by his parents and grows up to be a concert pianist and conductor. The other, named Wan Ma, is raised by a woman named Tsui , and grows up to be a street racer and martial artist. Neither of them has ever thought that he has a twin brother. 28 years later, the twins'  lives intersect in Hong Kong. Wan Ma and his best friend Tarzan  get mixed up with a dangerous gang. Meanwhile, Ma Yau prepares to conduct a major concert. The twins accidentally switch places, causing confusion for both of them until they discover each other. The twins also have romantic interests named Barbara  and Tong Sum . Eventually, the twins defeat the gang that has been threatening them, and marry their romantic interests."] ["Whilst working for the CIA, Chan Ka-Kui  is assigned to follow leads of a nuclear smuggling case. He follows a woman named Natasha to Ukraine, when he realizes that she had been hiding vital information, Ka-Kui calls for backup and she is later arrested. However, Natasha's partner is an unknown man, who turns out to be Tsui , a Chinese American nuclear scientist with CIA links, suspected of stealing a nuclear warhead. Ka-Kui follows Tsui to a restricted area, and after a trap set by Tsui, the CIA agents together with Ukrainian authorities engage in battle. Ka-Kui finds a briefcase which contained evidence from Tsui, but as he is chased by unknown forces, Ka-Kui loses the briefcase as he falls into frozen waters. When he recovers in Russia, he meets Colonel Gregor  who explains the situation. Ka-Kui goes with the FSB and is taken to Moscow where he discovers he has been assigned to work with Colonel Gregor to solve a similar case involving nuclear weapons being smuggled out of Ukraine. His task is to track Tsui, who disappeared after their last encounter. He is taken by a Russian submarine to Brisbane, Australia, where Tsui's younger sister Annie Tsui ([[Annie Wu  works at an aquarium doing shark shows. Uncle 7 , the Tsuis' father and the local Triad boss, is seriously ill and Ka-Kui suspects the criminal will show up soon. Unknown to Ka-Kui, Tsui is hiding at the hospital and has given a nuclear warhead  to Annie, who hides it at the aquarium. While following Annie, Ka-Kui gets held up by Tsui, who claims to have a deal with Colonel Gregor. Ka-Kui, after realizing he has been used by Gregor, decides to return home, but two men are sent to kill him, and he is framed for the murder of Uncle 7. He attempts to clear his name by going to see Annie at the memorial hall, but he is  unwelcome, having to fight bodyguards and Tsui has to eventually rescue him. Tsui explains that Gregor caught him on a CIA assignment three years before, and forced him to turn into a triple agent: a CIA agent ostensibly turned by the FSB, but in reality serving Gregor's private criminal schemes. Annie, Ka-Kui and Tsui decide to work together to find Gregor and bring him in. Uncle 7's elaborate Chinatown funeral becomes the scene for a complex shootout between the various parties. Annie and Ka-Kui attempt to retrieve the stolen warhead from the shark pool , but Gregor and his men follow them, leading to a climatic confrontation underwater. During the fight, Gregor shoots the aquarium and shatters the glass which releases the killer shark. During the confusion, Gregor escapes with the warhead and kidnaps Annie to a getaway boat. Ka-Kui then saves the tourists from the shark and pursues Gregor. While Gregor escapes in the getaway boat, Ka-Kui finds and drive a display car onto the boat as Annie escape its landing. The car pins Gregor and allows Ka-Kui to successfully retrieve the warhead and saves Annie. Gregor and Tsui are apprehended by Australian police and turns over to Russian authorities. The case is solved, Ka-Kui is thanked for his work by the FSB and returns to his work in Hong Kong."] ['Fan Ko, an engineering architect in Hong Kong who is also highly skilled in martial arts, is called to the bedside of his dying father, who reveals that he long ago had an affair with a woman in Thailand, who bore him a son. He begs Fan Ko to go to Thailand and find the young man, and shows him an old photo, taken when the brother was perhaps 10 years old. But even then, the fierce-looking boy was training in the Thai martial art, Muay Thai, and sported a tattoo on his left arm of a ship\'s anchor and a swallow flying underneath. So Fan Ko catches a Cathay Pacific flight to Bangkok Airport and is met by a family friend and booked into a room at the Dusit Thani Hotel. Leaving behind the suit-and-tie of his job, he\'s dressed in the colorful fashions of the day.  At that moment in Thailand, it is Songkran, the Thai new year, when revellers splash water on each other. However, at Lumphini Boxing Stadium, the atmosphere is decidedly less festive, as another young boxer has been killed in the ring by the current champion, Cannon, who is backed by the local Triad boss and a crooked fight promoter, Qiang-ren. Using tactics of intimidation and with crooked officials on their payroll, the mob keeps supplying fighters to face the brutal Cannon. Among them is Wenile, who needs to raise money to pay for an operation for his sick mother, despite the objections of his girlfriend, Yulan. Fan Ko, meanwhile, is nosing around at Lumpini stadium, and thinks that a fighter named Miller may be his brother after he sees a large plywood cutout of the boxer and notices the anchor-and-bird tattoo. He asks a bystander, an old fighter-turned-alcoholic, what the man\'s name is. "People call him \'dead man\'," the old drunk says, because he\'s the next to face Cannon. When Miller faces Cannon, Fan Ko tries in vain to stop the fight, and Miller is pummeled – another fighter killed in the ring. Fan Ko checks the tattoo. It\'s a ship\'s anchor alright, but the bird flying underneath is an eagle. Miller was not his brother. By now Fan Ko has become acquainted with a young Thai woman named Mei-dai, who shows him more sights around Bangkok, including the Grand Palace. And, through his investigation around Lumpini stadium, he\'s met Wenile, but he\'s not seen Wenile\'s left arm. Then Wenile gets in the ring against Cannon. Fan Ko is watching the fight and sees the tattoo on Wenile\'s arm – it\'s a ship\'s anchor with a swallow underneath. Wenile is Fan Ko\'s brother. The fight against Cannon is a tough one, but Wenile is a strong fighter and he comes back from a savage beating to win. Fan Ko runs up to the ringside and tells Wenile that they are brothers. Because the leader of the Triad has lost a lot of money, he wants to kill Wenile. But now Wenile is paired with his brother – a Muay Thai fighter and a Muay Chine expert. They can\'t lose.'] ["Chicken  is set to marry the daughter of a Japanese yakuza boss . When Chicken is set up, his old pals return to clear his name. Republic of China triple to help Zhuo successful pheasant is about to marry the daughter of the Japanese underworld Yamada group leader Kusakari, one male and Nanako. The Friends of the pheasant, Hongxing community carry handle Chan Ho-nam and a team of Hong Kong gangster to Japan to attend the wedding of pheasant, during which recognizes the triple to help the son of the late Bangzhu mine complex H. H help to send his father's triple career in mine complex has no interest in, interested in the cultivation of pheasants as heir, but was to help within the leader of the gallant Peter, who against. Later, Ray Complex bombers attacked the gallant Peter finds pheasant send people to the attack, the two sides dispute endless. Since then, the mine complex H intends to reunification with Taiwan underworld by the government amnesty on the matter again, the two sides conflict, gang infighting l. The pheasant cause of flow, and time and cousin to go out to play, Zaorenansuan injured cousin was hacked to death by the people, wife Nanako rape. At this point, a male of the Japan Kusakari, Chan Ho-nam went to Taiwan to help pheasant out of the mountains, just when the gallant Peter was killed, so triple to help identified as pheasant killer. After the tripartite forces of Dragon and Tiger battle, to finalize the mine complex H for the instigation of all homicide."] ["Following the events of the first film, Ning  parts ways with the monk Yin  and returns to his home village, which has since fallen on desperate times. Fleeing from cannibals, Ning winds up being imprisoned. Sharing a cell with Elder Chu, a renowned scholar, Ning spends apparent months languishing in prison. On the day of Ning's execution, the scholar reveals that he has dug out an escape tunnel. He gives Ning one of his books and a pendant, and sends Ning through the tunnel. Ning obliviously steals the horse of Autumn , a Taoist monk. When Ning stops for the night in an abandoned villa, Autumn catches up and the two sort out the misunderstanding. But in the middle of the night, rebel soldiers attack the two visitors. After a short skirmish, the rebel sisters Windy  and Moon  discover Elder Chu's pendant. While Ning mistakes Windy for his love Siu Sian, as she is played by the same actress, the rebels mistake Ning for the Elder Chu. The sisters explain that their father, Lord Fu , was framed for a crime and is now being transported to the place of his execution. The rebels' mission is to free him. They set off and leave Ning and Autumn at the villa. The next night, the two discover that the villa actually is haunted by a demon. Autumn manages to injure it, but it flees. He gives pursuit, but without success. He emerges at daybreak on a dirt road, causing an altercation with an imperial convoy led by Fu . Fu and Autumn battle to a stalemate, and then go their separate ways. Unbeknownst to Autumn, the convoy is the one carrying the sisters' father. Having failed to catch the convoy earlier, the rebels return to the haunted villa, waiting to ambush the convoy there. As the convoy enters, however, the demon returns as well. Maneuvering Fu into fighting the demon, the rebels are able to rescue the sisters' father. Before long, however, the Tao High Priest arrives with his entourage. He incapacitates the rebels with a spell, which Autumn recognizes as an evil chant. Ning and Windy escape to seek the help of Yin, while Lord Fu, Autumn and Moon are captured by the priest. The captives are brought back to the High Priest's palace. Now suspicious, Fu enters the palace only to find the hollow corpses of the entire royal court inside. Recognizing that the priest is possessed, Fu frees the captives and fights valiantly by himself to allow them time to recover. Lacking spiritual magic, however, Fu is not able to overcome the demon and is destroyed. Just then, Yin and the others arrive. The demon is forced to reveal its true form, a gigantic centipede-like creature. Yin and Autumn are swallowed by the creature, and they separate their souls from their bodies in order to destroy it from the inside. Autumn, however, is not able to return to his body, and his soul floats away. The next day is the marriage of Windy to the Ma family. Ning runs down from his inn to the main street and tells Moon that he wishes Windy a long, happy marriage before leaving. In the desert, as Yin and Ning are about to continue their journey, they see two women approach on horseback, which happen to be Windy and Moon. Windy has escaped from her wedding and decides to leave with Ning."] ["Two Buddhist monks, the master Bai Yun and his inept disciple Shi Fang are transporting a golden idol of Buddha. On their travels they meet the relatively honorable mercenary Yin. Beset by thieves and ne'er-do-wells in the villages, the monks opt to spend the night at the local temple, which is none other than the Orchid Temple of the first film. Over the next few nights, Shi Fang is visited by Lotus and the two become fond of each other. However, Butterfly becomes suspicious of her sister Lotus. Being rivals for the favor of the Tree Demon, Butterfly plots to capture the monk and expose her sister's betrayal. When the Tree Demon attempts to take Shi Fang, the master intervenes and uses a spell to transport his disciple to safety. In the ensuing battle with the Tree Demon, the master himself is captured. Shi Fang enlists Yin to help rescue his master, and feels he must also help Lotus by recovering her urn. Yin and the master do battle with the Tree Demon, destroying it. Though he disapproves of his disciple's relationship with the ghost, the master helps to save Lotus as well. However, after the Tree Demon's destruction the Black Mountain Demon takes up the pursuit of Shi Fang, Master Bai Yun and Lotus. He summons high pillars to block their escape route and darkens the sky so the sunlight cannot shine on earth. Master Bai Yun then casts a spell on Shi Fang and covers his body with holy gold liquid, then Lotus takes Shi Fang up to the sky above the dark clouds so that Shi Fang can use his golden body to reflect the sunlight to earth. In the end, the Black Mountain Demon is killed by sunlight, and the sky clears. Shi Fang thinks Lotus may have been killed by the sunlight, and starts looking for her. He finds Lotus hiding under a pile of rocks, safe from the sun, and Lotus tells Shi Fang that her spirit will follow him when he takes her urn of ashes away from that place."] ["After a global-scale nuclear war, the majority of earth's surface has become a wasteland, with most of the world's survivors fighting over the few uncontaminated food and water supplies. Kenshiro, the master of the deadly martial art Hokuto Shinken, is traveling with his fiancee Yuria  when they are confronted by Ken's former friend Shin of the Nanto Seiken. After defeating Ken in combat, Shin engraves seven wounds on Ken's chest and leaves him for dead, taking Yuria with him. Ken's eldest brother Raoh, having witnessed the fight without intervening, returns to his dojo and challenges his Master Ryuken's decision to choose Ken as his successor over him. Raoh kills Ryuken and proclaims he will become the ruler of the new world. A year passes and Ken is found wandering in the desert. He rescues a couple of young children named Bat and Lin from bandits. Afterwards he allies himself with another martial artist named Rei, a Nanto Seiken master who is searching for his sister Airi. Ken learns from Rei that his brother Jagi has been impersonating him in an attempt to tarnish his reputation and draw him out. Ken heads to Jagi's lair and defeats him. Before dying, Jagi reveals that he was one who convinced Shin to betray Ken and that he is now living with Yuria in his stronghold of Southern Cross. Elsewhere, Raoh has amassed a huge army, expanding his domain by defeating rival warlords and begins heading to Southern Cross. There Yuria is treated with a life of luxury, living under the rule of King Shin. However, Yuria refuses Shin's gifts of affection, longing to be reunited with Ken. When she overhears that Ken is still alive, she attempts to sneak out of the castle, only to be taken captive by Raoh, who challenges Shin to combat. A while later, Kenshiro arrives at Southern Cross, finding the city in flames and Shin's men dead. Shin is still alive and fights Ken, but the battle does not last long, as Shin was graveley wounded in his battle with Raoh. Before dying, Shin tells Ken that Raoh has taken Yuria to Cassandra, the City of Wailing Demons. Lin arrives at Cassandra along with Bat and Rei, where they witness Raoh's army marching through the streets. Lin sees Yuria being held by Raoh's men during the parade and decides to break into Raoh's Dungeon later that night with Bat. The two meet Yuria in her cell and leave her with a plant grown from a seed Yuria gave to Ken before leaving. The plant catches Raoh's attention and Yuria is immediately sentenced to a public execution the following morning. Rei challenges Raoh, after defeating his second-in-command. However, he is no match against Raoh himself. Ken rushes to Cassandra, but arrives too late. After Rei dies, Kenshiro and Raoh unleash their full fighting aura and battle until most of the town is destroyed. Both exhausted of all their power and strength, Raoh manages to get in the final blow, and incapacitates Ken. Lin interrupts the fight before Raoh can kill Ken, and implores Raoh to stop the fight. Raoh agrees to Lin's request and walks away, swearing to postpone the battle for another day. Ken leaves Lin and Bat, and continues his search for Yuria, who mysteriously vanished during the final battle."] ['In New Orleans, a homeless veteran named Douglas Binder  is the target of a hunt. He was given a belt containing $10,000 and was told he must reach the other side of town where he would then win the money and his life. Hunting him are the hunt organizer Emil Fouchon , a businessman named Mr. Lopaki  who has paid $500,000 for the opportunity to hunt a human, Fouchon\'s lieutenant Pik Van Cleaf , and mercenaries including Stephan  and Peterson . Binder fails to reach his destination and is shot by two crossbow bolts. Van Cleaf retrieves the money belt. While searching for her father, Binder\'s long-estranged daughter Natasha  is attacked by a group of thugs and is saved by a homeless man with exceptional martial arts skills named Chance Boudreaux . Chance is initially hesitant to involve himself with her mission, but as his merchant seaman union dues are in arrears he reluctantly allows Natasha to hire him as her guide and bodyguard during her search. Meanwhile, Chance\'s homeless friend Elijah Roper is the next to participate in Fouchon\'s hunt, and is also killed. Natasha discovers that her father distributed fliers for a seedy recruiter named Randal  who has been secretly supplying Fouchon with homeless men with war experience and no family ties. Natasha questions Randal about her father\'s death, but they are discovered by an eavesdropping Van Cleaf. Fouchon and Van Cleaf beat Randal to punish him for sending them a man with an interested family. New Orleans detective Mitchell  is reluctant to investigate Binder\'s disappearance until his charred body is discovered in the ashes of a derelict building. The death is ruled accidental, but Chance searches the ruins and finds Binder\'s dog tag, which was pierced by one of the crossbow bolts. Van Cleaf\'s thugs suddenly ambush Chance and beat him unconscious to scare him and Natasha out of town. When he recovers, he offers Mitchell the dog tag as evidence that Binder was murdered. With the investigation getting closer, Van Cleaf and Fouchon decide to relocate their hunting business and begin eliminating "loose ends". The medical examiner who had been hiding evidence of the hunt and Randal are both executed. Mitchell, Natasha and Chance arrive moments later at Randall\'s office and are ambushed by Van Cleaf and several of his men. During the shootout Mitchell is shot in the chest and killed. Chance kills a handful of the mercenaries and escapes with Natasha. Fouchon and Van Cleaf assemble their mercenary team and five paid-for hunters to continue the chase. Chance leads Natasha to his uncle Douvee\'s  house deep in the bayou, and enlists his help in defeating the men. Chance, Natasha, and Douvee lead the hunting party to a warehouse of old Mardi Gras floats, and kill Fouchon\'s men one by one. Van Cleaf is finally shot to death by Chance in a shoot out. In the end only Fouchon is left, but he holds Chance at bay by taking Natasha hostage and stabbing Douvee in the chest with an arrow. Chance charges him, attacking with a flurry of blows, and then drops a grenade in his pants. Fouchon attempts to dismantle the grenade, but fails and dies in the explosion. Chance, Natasha, and Douvee now make their way out of the warehouse.'] ["Tang Lung is sent from Hong Kong to Rome to help his friend's niece Chen Ching Hua, and family friends, whose restaurant is being targeted by the local Mafia, which has been trying to force them to sign a contract handing over ownership of the restaurant to the Mafia boss. After their offers to purchase the restaurant are repeatedly turned down, the gangsters resort to intimidation. Tang fends off the local gangsters and wins Chen's admiration, who had initially looked down on him for his naïveté. Tang had earlier been reluctant in putting all his savings into a bank and had even unknowingly gone home with a prostitute while touring Rome with Chen; he had further frustrated her by not being able to understand the Italian and English languages. After the thugs are defeated the first time, Tang becomes friends with the other workers and teaches them Chinese boxing; they, in turn, combine them with their skills in Karate to help Tang fight off the gangsters. The Mafia boss sends a gunman to kill Tang, but Tang defeats him by throwing wooden darts and fracturing his neck. The boss then takes a personal trip to the restaurant with armed thugs to force Chen to sign the contract. Tang manages to defeat them after the boss forbids them to use their guns, using a wooden pole and a pair of Nunchakus. He warns the boss that he will take firm action against him if he continues to harass his friends. The boss later responds by warning Chen he will have Tang killed if he stays in Rome. Tang refuses to leave, even after being told of the mafia's intentions by Chen and Uncle Wang. The boss then sends a sniper to kill Tang at Chen's apartment, but he fails again. Chen is kidnapped by the boss and compelled to sign the contract at his headquarters, but Tang and his friends appear and rescue her. The Mafia boss' lieutenant Ho hires foreign martial artists, two of whom have trouble communicating with each other, to challenge Tang Lung. Ho attempts to lure Tang into a trap where the fighters would ambush him, but Tang defeats them with help from his friends in the countryside near the Colosseum. However, when two of his friends  sit down for a rest, Uncle Wang kills them both, revealing that he would receive a large sum of money if he persuaded Miss Chen to sell the restaurant. Meanwhile, Tang has a final showdown inside the Colosseum with the Karate fighter Colt, the best of the hired fighters, and the only one able to fully communicate with him despite the language barrier. Colt is winning at first and is beating Tang badly, but Tang is faster and more fluid and tires Colt out with his quick attacks. Tang wins the fight, but Colt will not stay down until he is dead. He reluctantly kills Colt, snapping his neck with the use of the Guillotine choke. He covers the body with Colt's white Gi to show his respect and admiration after the fight. Tang hears Ho escaping and chases him down to the countryside, only to find everyone there  has been killed. There, Ho tries to stall Tang while Wang is going to stab and kill him with a knife from behind. The mafia boss arrives and shoots Ho and Wang in the heart, but he fails to shoot Tang as he takes cover behind the tree. The police arrive and arrest the mafia boss. The final scene takes place in the graveyard, where Tang and Chen pay respects to the fallen. Tang bids farewell to Chen and leaves Rome alone."] ["Kitty  is a vicious young woman who has no qualms about stabbing girlfriend-bullying men in the genitals. Tinam  is a cop who is undergoing a rather traumatic period: he shot his own brother by accident and as a result vomits every time he handles his gun. When Kitty severely injures a man by stabbing him in the groin, Tinam attempts to arrest her but can't manage it. Kitty later turns up at the police station and twists and turns the facts to the point that Tinam has no choice but to start a relationship with her. This reveals Kitty as a subtle manipulator. Tinam, who has become impotent, finds that with Kitty he no longer feels this way, though, for now, she is content with just leading him along. Kitty's father is married to a new wife but it is a tense marriage and one evening he catches her with another man called Bee . In the fight that follows, Kitty's father falls down some stairs and is killed. Furiously determined on revenge, Kitty breaks into Bee's office and proceeds to kill him, his bodyguards and most of his staff . In the course of her escape she takes a woman hostage but then, unexpectedly, the woman helps her out, disposing of many of the pursuers herself. The woman turns out to be Sister Cindy  who is in fact a professional assassin. She was probably out to kill Bee herself. Seeing that Kitty has potential, she proceeds to train her and give her a new identity. The training includes the killing of enraged, chained-up paedophiles in Sister Cindy's cellar. Before long the pupil is outsmarting the teacher. For her first mission, Kitty accompanies Sister Cindy and murders a member of the Japanese yakuza. This leads to a contract being placed on them and the assignment is entrusted to Princess , one of Sister Cindy's former protégés and a lesbian with an equally deadly young lover called Baby . While investigating the murder himself, Tinam goes to check up on an air hostess whom the victim met. The witness is Vivian Shang, who Tinam recognises as Kitty. She denies this but renews their relationship. Sister Cindy proceeds to murder other people who could connect Kitty to Vivian Shang, including Tinam's superior and a witness to the crotch-stabbing incident. Kitty does however stop her from killing Tinam himself. Kitty and Tinam consummate their relationship, but their different professions means that it will be difficult for things to go any further. Sister Cindy for her part decides that Kitty has lost the killer touch, but on the other hand has found happiness with Tinam and tells her to leave and make the most of it. Princess, who is supposed to kill Kitty, builds up an obsession of her own for the girl, which leads to some conflict with Baby. They do however set about killing Sister Cindy who, with death approaching, puts up a good fight. But she is ultimately defeated due to a ploy used by Princess earlier that day: she kissed Sister Cindy but her lipstick contained poison which, combined with some wine she has drunk, kills her. Kitty goes into hiding but later confronts Princess, apparently willing to become her partner both in business and in bed. Princess subsequently falls into the same trap she set Sister Cindy: when they kiss, Kitty passes on some poisoned lipstick of her own. Tinam then bursts in, shooting away at Princess' henchmen, apparently having overcome his vomiting problems. In the battle, Tinam kills Baby and a furious Princess pursues him and Kitty back to Sister Cindy's home. The poison in her system catches up with her however and she dies with Kitty taunting her by claiming that she on the other hand will get to hospital in time to survive. By this time, the poison inside Kitty has taken effect. Unwilling to lose her again, Tinam fires his gun into the gas oven causing them and the house to go up in flames."] ['The film opens with a group of thieves—led by Anthony Fait—attempting to steal diamonds for a Frenchman named Christophe, who serves as the middleman for a mysterious employer. When Fait contacts Christophe, a Taiwanese Intelligence Agent named Su intercepts the conversation and attempts to identify the criminals. While the crew gathers up as many diamonds as they can, including a bag of black diamonds, Agent Su calls Fait and demands that he and his crew leave the diamonds in the vault, warning him that the police are on the way. Fait, however, ignores this warning, and the criminals attempt a daring escape past a SWAT-team blockade. While Fait, Daria, and Tommy all manage to escape, Agent Su captures Miles and recovers Miles\' share of the diamonds. Su is disappointed to find that Miles does not have the black diamonds though. Fait, meanwhile, asks his friend Archie to appraise the black diamonds he had stolen. Arriving at the San Francisco International Airport, Christophe\'s mysterious employer, Yao Ling, is informed, by his assistant Sona, that Christophe has been attacked and that Fait and his gang have taken the black diamonds. Later that night, Fait runs into Su. During this inadvertent meeting, Fait receives a phone call from Yao Ling, who demands that Fait hand over the black diamonds. Fait refuses and is subsequently attacked by two of Ling\'s henchman. With Su\'s help, he defeats them and escapes. Soon after the fight, Archie tells Fait that some gangsters came to his workshop and demanded the black diamonds as well. After some hesitation, Archie admits that he gave the stones to the gangsters to spare his own life. Fait also receives another call from Ling, who has kidnapped Fait\'s daughter, Vanessa, to persuade Fait to give up the diamonds. Now with a common enemy, Fait and Su team up to recover the diamonds from the gangsters and rescue Vanessa from Ling. Fait visits jailed crime lord "Jump" Chambers, most likely the employer of the gangsters who had robbed Archie. When Chambers refuses to cooperate, Fait goes to Chambers\' night club, hoping to find the stones somewhere in his office. The plan goes awry, and Fait and the gang have to leave empty-handed. Meanwhile, Su and Archie go to an underground club to try to find the gangsters who attacked Archie. Because the club does not allow guests, Su is forced to enter as a fighter in the club\'s fighting ring. During Su\'s fight, Archie sees the man they are looking for, recognizing the man\'s ring. Through this informant, they learn that the diamonds are hidden in the bubble bath in Chamber\'s office. When they return to the nightclub to retrieve the diamonds, they find that Yao Ling\'s men have already taken the stones. Meanwhile, while locked in a van, Vanessa finds a cell phone and calls her father. Just before the phone\'s battery runs out, Vanessa gives some clues as to her location. With these clues, the gang surmises that Vanessa is being held in an airport hangar. Realizing that Yao Ling will want to auction off the stones, which are actually weapons of mass destruction, the group searches flight schedules to find an airport where a large number of private flights will be landing that night. Finding the right airport, the group races to the hangar, where Yao Ling\'s auction is already starting. A fight ensues, and Fait and his crew take out members of Ling\'s team. Vanessa is rescued and Ling is killed by one of the stones. When the police arrive, Fait promises to end his criminal career in order to lead a safe and happy life with Vanessa. In a bonus scene during the credits, Tommy and Archie plan to make a movie with their story, using famous actors, such as Denzel Washington. They plan to get the director of the movies Exit Wounds and Romeo Must Die .'] ["The film begins with a man  and his daughter  being attacked by a rival karate master who wants the man's job as top karate master. After cowardly teaming up with four other masters they manage to disable one of the man's arms and sticking a kunai knife in his eye. Leaving him alive but crippled the man trains his daughter to avenge him and the death of a friend. After his death, his daughter goes to Tokyo to kill her enemy, she enters into a karate tournament, being funded by a corrupt business man, to get to her target, but the coward, to assure his student's supremacy in the coming fight, sends his four top fighters to wipe out the competition. By the end the girl, with the help of another karate student, kills the boss and his minions. Her arm is permanently disabled, keeping her from continuing her karate but allowing her to continue on with the rest of her life."] ["The school attended by Dragon  and his brother, Tiger  is entered against a rival school in a Lion Dance competition. The school needs to win the prize money to remain open but their star performer, Tiger, is seemingly injured when he falls from a ladder, leaving his brother, Dragon, to take his place. During the competition, Dragon realizes that his brother feigned his accident in order to take part in the competition for the rival school. The rival school wins the competition, but the truth emerges about Tiger's betrayal and he is exiled in disgrace. Dragon vows to bring back his errant brother so the pair can make amends to their master. Dragon sets off on his mission, but en route is mistaken for a criminal known as The White Fan by local police chief, Sang Kung . Meanwhile, Tiger collaborates with his employers  by freeing a dangerous criminal known as Kam . However, Tiger is later framed for a bank robbery. To stop his brother from being arrested, Dragon promises to apprehend the escapee, Kam. The movie ends with a furious, brutal fight between Kam and Dragon, in which Dragon sustains substantial damage. At the beginning of the fight, it appears that Kam has the upper hand as he punishes Dragon with blindingly fast punches and kicks. However, after consuming water from an opium pipe given to him by a whimsical old man, Dragon becomes energized and defeats Kam. The movie ends with Dragon returning to his hometown, a hero ."] ['The story is largely seen through the eyes of Ku, who is a well-meaning but unambitious scholar and painter, with a tendency towards being clumsy and ineffectual. A stranger arrives in town wanting his portrait painted by Ku, but his real objective is to bring a female fugitive back to the city for execution on behalf of the East Chamber guards. The fugitive, Yang, is befriended by Ku and together they plot against the corrupt Eunuch Wei who wants to eradicate all trace of her family after her father attempts to warn the Emperor of the eunuch\'s corruption. One of the unique aspects of the film is that Ku is a non-combatant all the way through the film and only becomes involved when he sleeps with Yang. Upon doing so, he is no longer the naïve bumbling innocent, but instead becomes confident and assertive, and when Yang\'s plight is revealed, he insists on being part of it – and even comes up with a fiendish "Ghost Trap" for the East Chamber guards. This is plan to use a supposedly haunted site to play tricks on the guards to make believe they are prey to the undead. In the aftermath, Ku walks through the carnage laughing at the ingenuity of his plan until the true cost of human life dawns on him. After the battle, Ku is unable to find Yang, whom he is told has left him and does not want him to follow her. He tracks her down to the monastery of the saintly and powerful Abbot Hui Yuan, where she has given birth to a child by Ku and become a nun. She tells Ku that their destiny together has ended and gives Ku their child. Later, when Ku and the child are tracked down by Hsu Hsien-Chen, the evil commander of Eunuch Wei\'s army, Yang and Abbot Hui come to Ku\'s rescue. In the ensuing battle, Hsu is killed and Yang and Abbot Hui are badly injured . The film famously ends with the injured Yang staggering towards a silhouetted figure, presumably Abbot Hui, seen meditating with the setting sun forming a halo around his head, an image suggesting the Buddha and enlightenment.'] ['Chicago DEA agent John Hatcher  has just returned from Colombia, where his partner Chico  was killed in a confrontation with drug dealers, and John killed the dealers who killed Chico. As a result of Chico\'s death, John has decided to retire. One night, John and his friend Max , a local high school football team\'s head coach, go to a bar. A gun fight breaks out between local drug dealers and a Jamaican gang called the Jamaican Posse, whose leader is a drug kingpin known as Screwface . Hatcher arrests one of Screwface\'s henchmen as the gunfight ends. The next day, Screwface and some of his henchmen get revenge by shooting up the house that John, his sister Melissa , and Melissa\'s 12-year-old daughter Tracey  live in. Tracey gets shot and is hospitalized in critical condition. Hatcher encounters a gangster named Jimmy Fingers  and unsuccessfully tries to get him to tell him where Screwface might be and is forced to kill him. Another Jamaican named Nesta  arrives and Hatcher is able to sit him down but Nesta tells him to go after Screwface alone and jumps out the window to his death. When asked what happened, John finds the blood symbol used by the Posse during the murders vandalized on a carpet the next day and gets information about it from a Jamaican voodoo and gang expert named Leslie  who works part time as a detective. Hatcher comes out of retirement to join Max in a battle against Screwface. While John is in the detective\'s store, Melissa makes a phone call to him but is cut short when Screwface and his men invade into Hatcher\'s home and attempts to murder Melissa but they leave upon Hatcher\'s arrival. The next day, Hatcher and Max get into a fight with three of Screwface\'s henchmen during a car chase. The fight moves on to a mall after the henchmen\'s car crashes and the duo kill all three men there. At the house of Leslie, Hatcher now realizes that the only way to stop the Jamaican Posse is to bring down Screwface. The two team up with Charles ([[Tom Wright , a Jamaican Chicago police officer who has been trailing Screwface for five years . They gather all the weaponry they need from a local weapon dealer; machine guns, submachine guns, pistols, Suppressors , remote control bombs and head for Kingston, Jamaica to find Screwface. Upon their arrival, Max and Charles ask everyone in the streets for the location of Screwface\'s hideout. They meet a local Jamaican who presents them a photo of a woman who knows Screwface. Hatcher meets her in a club and she gives the address of Screwface\'s mansion. The woman also gives Seagal\'s character a cryptic clue about Screwface, stating that "The secret of ScrewFace\' power is that him have  two heads and four eyes." At night, Hatcher, Max and Charles  head for Screwface\'s mansion where there is a party. They secretly infiltrate the premises through a plantation area nearby. Hatcher guns down three of the henchmen at the balcony and goes to a nearby power station and plants a bomb. He infiltrates the inner grounds by climbing on the roofs while Max and Charles monitor the activities. Hatcher detonates the bomb causing the party to erupt in mayhem and gunfire. Hatcher enters the building and disposes every henchmen. He finds a sacrificial area and is captured by Screwface and his remaining henchmen. Hatcher is able to break free and kills every henchmen before fighting Screwface. During the swordfight, he kicks dust to Screwface and puts the sword to Screwface\'s genitals and decapitates him. Back in Chicago, Hatcher displays Screwface\'s severed head to the Jamaican Posse to get them to leave town. However, Screwface\'s identical twin brother, who runs the Chicago Posse crime business arrives and kills Charles making the gang and the audience believe that Screwface returned from the dead where in fact he actually committed all the Screwface crimes in Chicago, such as trying to murder Hatcher and his sister. The meeting erupts into chaos and the gang open fire on the duo. While Max holds off the henchmen in the gunfight, Hatcher kills more gang members before dealing with Screwface\'s brother in a swordfight. The fight moves to the nightclub where Hatcher kills Screwface\'s brother by gouging his eyes and blinding him, breaking his back and dropping him down an elevator shaft, in which he gets impaled upon landing. The gang looks at their dead boss and with both the Screwface\'s dead are presumed to be arrested at the film\'s ending. The final scene shows Hatcher carrying Charles\' body with Max limping next to him who was shot in the leg before the film ends with Jimmy Cliff\'s John Crow in the credits.'] ['The movie starts with Silver Hawk riding on her motorcycle through an alternate version of China. She is chasing thugs who have stolen pandas and are getting away in a truck. She attaches her bike to the truck, jumps on top of and fights the men in the truck until they give up. She heads back to Polaris City  where she meets an old childhood friend, Rich Man. Then a flashback occurs, going back to the martial arts training academy when they were little. He is the new head of the police department. He recognizes Lulu, Silver Hawks\'s name in real life, from magazine covers but does not recall her from his childhood. He tells her of his mission to arrest Silver Hawk. When they arrive at the airport, he asks for her phone number, but she asks for his phone instead. She implants a tracking chip so she can overhear his conversations and agrees to a date if he can recall who she is, tweaking his nose as she goes . At home, she is telling her assistant Mimi about her trip when her adoptive aunt arrives with Professor Ho Chung for a blind date. Prof. Ho starts to tell her of his new project when she gets word of a bank robbery. She suggests going to the movies and leaves to get ready—to change outfits and foil the criminals. The pattern of fighting crooks and disappearing before the police arrive repeats until she arrives at a mugging. This is really a sting for Rich Man to arrest her, but she fends him off and handcuffs him to a pole. As she leaves, he yells that she\'s leaving without a goodbye. This triggers a flashback to when she left the academy with a monk who would train her further in kung fu, leaving him heartbroken. Back at home, she finds the professor\'s assistant waiting in his place. The assistant, Kit, escorts her to the professor\'s demonstration of his project: an A.I. chip that would tap into several databases with information about the user to suggest ways for the user to improve his or her way of life. Lulu doesn\'t like it because it might infringe on free will. Later, Kit reveals he is a Silver Hawk fan and Man, who is there to provide security, recognizes his "little sister." Then the professor is kidnapped by Morris and Jane, with the police and Silver Hawk soon giving chase. At one point, the escape truck is blocked and the two kidnappers get out to slow the pursuit until the truck can move. Silver Hawk battles the two while a camera on his head sends images of her to his boss. The chase ends at an outdoor wedding where she chooses to save the bride instead of following the crooks. While Man investigates Shiraishi Inc., who expressed interest in Ho\'s chip, Ho is brought before Alexander Wolfe, who wants his chip to take over the minds of the phone\'s users. He coerces Prof. Ho into helping him. Man\'s investigation takes him to Zenda City , where Shiraishi is headquartered. His friend on the local force, Lt. Lisa Hayashi, takes him to the CEO, who is already seeing his niece, Lulu Wong. Later, the CEO\'s daughter Tina is kidnapped by Morris and Jane, and Lulu intervenes. The camera on Morris\' head transmits images of Lulu to his boss , who deduces who Silver Hawk is. The crooks escape, and Man brings her to the local police station and asks her about her kung fu skills, which she had earlier denied maintaining. Outside the station, they see the CEO driving away and follow him, knowing that he\'d refused to cooperate with police. They tail him to a meeting with Wolfe, who whisks him away in a helicopter before the two can intervene. All Lulu can do is take a picture of Wolfe and later send it to Kit, knowing that he\'s a fan. Wolfe wants the CEO to put Ho\'s chip in a new phone and distribute them in exchange for his daughter. Later, he forces Prof. Ho to speed up his preparation of the subliminal messages that phones will transmit, despite possible long-term damage to the user\'s mind. Ho manages to slip a secret message into the phone\'s computer code. Days later, Shiraishi is promoting its new phone, and the CEO is more focused on that than on seeing Lulu about his daughter. Lulu goes to her apartment and finds flowers and a message from Wolfe to meet him about Tina. As she\'s about to leave, she finds Man, who has begun to guess who Silver Hawk is, waiting outside to talk to her. She tells him to wait in the hotel bar, but he leaves some tracking chips on top of the door. when she leaves, the chips fall onto her hair, and he tracks her to her meeting. Inside the building, she meets Wolfe, who then sends four men attached to bungee cords to attack Silver Hawk and leap away before she can respond. She manages to fend them off until Wolfe injures her shoulder with his prosthetic arms. She then uses one bungee cord to leap up to a window and escape. Man tracks her to where she\'d passed out from the pain and takes her to his apartment to confront her about her vigilante actions. This is interrupted when Kit walks in and start to blab about the e-mail he\'d sent her about Wolfe. Man drags him away to get the information about Wolfe. That interrogation is interrupted by a newsflash about the CEO\'s support of Wolfe to run for premier. Kit sees how unnatural the CEO\'s face is; Man sees he\'s wearing a new phone. The two investigate the connection. As Lulu bathes to heal her shoulder, she recalls a lesson her teacher gave her about the nature of water and kung fu. This gives her an idea on how to deal with Wolfe. The next day, Kit has discovered the secret message Prof. Ho put in the code. Wolfe plans to activate the mind control in a few hours, but they don\'t know where to look for him until Silver Hawk sends them the address. There, the police battle Wolfe\'s thugs until Silver Hawk arrives to help put them away. Kit finds a way to Wolfe\'s lair and then tend to Prof. Ho while Silver Hawk and Man battle Wolfe and his men. She uses cloths attached to her flying blades to subdue his prosthetics, and she and Man finally defeat him. But they must use Wolfe\'s retinal scan to stop the process, so Kit tricks him into opening his eyes. This foils his plan but also activates the self-destruct system. Silver Hawk and the rest escape, but Wolfe is crushed to death. Back in Polaris City, Lulu has a date with Man. He\'s called away on official business, leaving the question of whether he\'d arrest Lulu unanswered. Silver Hawk later drives up next to man, and the two tease each other about their signature moves.'] ["There are 666 portals on Earth that connect this world to the other side which are concealed from human beings. However, there are some who are aware of their existence and are willing to open the gates to obtain the power of darkness. Somewhere in Japan exists the 444th portal known as The Forest of Resurrection. In 10th century Japan, a lone samurai fends off a horde of zombie-like samurai creatures. Though successfully vanquishing the zombies, the samurai is confronted by a mysterious samurai and his league of warriors. In an attempt to take out the mysterious samurai, the lone samurai charges full scale but is easily killed and defeated. However, before dying, the lone samurai spots an ally behind him, arriving too late to save him. In present day Japan, two Prisoners escape through a forest and meet up with a gang of Yakuzas. There, they wait for the Yakuza's leader who coordinated their escape. However, when Prisoner KSC2-303  see's a girl  that they kidnapped, he immediately becomes suspicious of what they plan to do with her. After a heated argument, Prisoner KSC2-303 kills one of the Yakuza members who immediately comes back to life as a zombie. This results in the other prisoner being killed and resurrecting as a zombie too. The zombies are killed and Prisoner KSC2-303 escapes back into the forest with The Girl. The Yakuza decide to disobey their orders to wait for their leader and find and kill Prisoner KSC2-303 and The Girl. Prisoner KSC2-303 and The Girl come across a man crucified to a tree. Prisoner KSC2-303 steals the dead man's clothes and is confronted by one of the Yakuzas. They engage in hand to hand combat while the other Yakuzas begin facing problems of their own. The corpses of all the men they have killed and buried in the forest come back to life and attack them. Prisoner KSC2-303 and the other Yakuza disband their fight to battle the zombies. Though victorious, the Yakuza were only able to keep them down for a while. With the horde of zombies growing, the Yakuza call upon three assassins to aid them in their mission. However, their leader, The Man  finally arrives and confronts them. Angered that they lost Prisoner KSC2-303 and The Girl, The Man means to kill his posse. However, the Yakuza and Assassins take the upper hand and kill him first. But The Man easily jumps back to his feet and turns the Assassins and Yakuza into his own minions. One of the Assassins manages to survive and escape The Man's vicious attack and find Prisoner KSC2-303. She begins attacking him, initially emerging victorious but knocked out by The Girl with a log. However, another Assassin arrives to battle Prisoner KSC2-303. Though losing at first, Prisoner KSC2-303 makes his victory when The Girl distracts the Assassin. Having survived the fight, The Assassin is confronted by The Man and killed. Prisoner KSC2-303 attempts to force The Girl to tell him what is going on, believing she's been hiding secrets from him the whole time. She only tells him that his destiny is to defeat him. Before explaining thoroughly, The Man finds Prisoner KSC2-303 and The Girl. The Man begins explaining to Prisoner KSC2-303 that they both and The Girl are reincarnations of past lives. The Man plans to use The Girl as a sacrifice to open the portal hidden in The Forest of Resurrection to obtain the power of darkness. Unable to accept his explanations, Prisoner KSC2-303 attempts to kill The Man but is killed himself instead. The Girl manages to reach Prisoner KSC2-303's body and feed him a part of her blood before being taken by The Man's minions. During his unconscious state, Prisoner KSC2-303 has a flashback of his old pre-incarnated self from the 10th century. He is the ally that was too late to save the lone samurai. He and The Girl, who is revealed to be a Princess, are confronted by the mysterious samurai who turns out to be The Man. Unwilling to let him have her, Pre-Prisoner KSC2-303 kills The Girl to stop him from obtaining the power of darkness. Enraged, The Man viciously kills Pre-Prisoner KSC2-303 and Prisoner KSC2-303 is awakened in the present with the truth fully revealed to him. The following morning, Prisoner KSC2-303 confronts The Man and his minions for a final showdown. Prisoner KSC2-303 takes on the minions first and wins, leaving only The Man left. Prisoner KSC2-303 loses the battle at first but finds his strength in the middle of battle and decapitates The Man. Prisoner KSC2-303 rescues The Girl and both make their escape from The Forest of Resurrection. 99 years later, the world is destroyed. Apparently on Prisoner KSC2-303's behalf. A protagonist reincarnation of The Man travels through a ruined Tokyo and confronts an antagonistic reincarnation of Prisoner KSC2-303, holding another reincarnation of The Girl hostage. Having longed to obtain the power of darkness, Prisoner KSC2-303 and The Man engage in battle one last time."] ["In Shanghai, Ka-Kui is introduced to the military police force's Interpol director, Jessica Yang , who briefs him on his assignment. The target of the mission is a drug lord named Chaibat. In order to infiltrate Chaibat's organization, the plan is to get close to Chaibat's henchman Panther, who is being held in a Chinese prison labor camp. Ka-Kui, posing as a petty criminal, is able to help Panther escape with the aid of Chinese military police, who eliminate Panther's men in the prison. Panther then meets up with some of his other men, and Ka-Kui helps them escape to Hong Kong. En route to Hong Kong, Ka-Kui, along with Panther and his men pass through the supposed home-village of Ka-Kui's undercover role. Panther insists that Ka-Kui visit his family there. Realizing he does not actually know anyone in the village, Ka-Kui is apprehensive but is pleasantly relieved to be greeted by undercover military police posing as his family, with Yang posing as his sister. Yang and the Chinese military police help them win Panther's trust by faking the murder of a policeman by Yang. In Hong Kong, Ka-Kui, Yang and Panther go to Chaibat's luxurious hide out. Ka-Kui and Yang succeed in winning Chaibat's trust, especially after helping his men destroy a fortified drug production lab in Thailand, somewhere in the Golden Triangle, when Chaibat betrays a number of other drug lords who are conducting a heroin deal with him. The action then shifts to Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia, where Chaibat's wife is being held in prison, and is facing the death penalty. However, Chaibat needs to keep her alive because she knows the secret codes to his Swiss bank account, and she will not reveal them to anyone but her husband. More difficulties arise when Ka-Kui happens to run into his girlfriend May at a Malaysian resort hotel. She confronts Ka-Kui, and the situation turns into a misunderstanding, with Panther believing that Ka-Kui was trying to proposition a prostitute. Later, Ka-Kui is able to corner May and explain the situation, and she finally calms down. At one point, May even manages to keep Ka-Kui from inadvertently blowing his own cover. But then, in an elevator, May tells a co-worker about Ka-Kui, and one of Panther's men overhears her. May is taken hostage, and Ka-Kui and Yang – their cover now blown – are forced to help Chaibat free his wife. Chaibat's scheme is successful and May is released, as per their agreement. However, the exchange turns sour when Chaibat pushes May from his helicopter. Furious, Ka-Kui and Yang refuse to let Chaibat and his men escape. An elaborate stunt-filled action sequence begins that covers the roads, rooftops, and skies of Kuala Lumpur, finally reaching its climax aboard a speeding train, where Chaibat is killed after his helicopter collides into a tunnel and lands on him. Yang and Ka-Kui finally succeed in apprehending Chaibat's wife. Since her husband is dead, the wife decides to tell Yang and Ka-Kui the password to Chaibat's bank account and the two partners get into an argument over whether Hong Kong or China will take possession of it."] ["{{Expand section}} A graduate student and martial-arts expert rents a room in a house owned by a single mother who lives there with her son. A local street gang is trying to recruit the son, but the new tenant tries to help the boy's mother keep him out of the gang. When they learn of this, they target both the mother and her new tenant"] ["Inspector Chan Ka-kui has been demoted to highway patrol as the result of his handling of his previous case, which involved the violent arrest of crime lord Chu Tao and heavy property damage. The new duty pleases his girlfriend, May, who is glad that her boyfriend is no longer taking difficult cases and has more time to see her. However, the happy mood changes when Ka-Kui is greeted by Chu Tao and his bespectacled right-hand man John Ko. It seems Chu Tao is terminally ill with only three months left to live, so he has been released from prison, and while he is still alive he vows to make life difficult for Ka-Kui. John Ko and some henchmen show up at Ka-Kui's apartment and intimidate him, baiting the policeman to attack. Later, May and her mother are beaten by John Ko and his men. Ka-Kui can no longer hold back, and he lashes out against John Ko and his men at a restaurant. Ashamed of his behavior, Ka-Kui resigns from the Royal Hong Kong Police Force. He plans to take a trip to Bali with May, but while he is at a travel agency in a shopping mall, some police officers see him and report that the mall is under a bomb threat. Unable to resist the urge to get involved in police work, Ka-Kui tells the officers to sound the fire alarm and have the mall cleared, and agrees to take responsibility for the decision. A bomb does indeed explode, and the entire mall is leveled by the blast. Ka-Kui is praised for his efforts, and he is reinstated and assigned to solve the case of the bombing. Ka-Kui plants a covert listening device in the mall property company's office to try and learn more about the bombers. This leads to a suspect who is a deaf-mute and is a fierce martial artist and explosives expert. The bombing gang, aware that the police are on to them, plan a simultaneous bombing of the property company and the police headquarters. They double their ransom demand to $20 million and kidnap May, luring Ka-Kui into a trap in which he is strapped with an explosive vest and forced to pick up the extortion money from the property company. However, after picking up the money, Ka-Kui tells the gang that they are being followed and split up. Ka-kui, still holding the ransom, is able to drive his car into a tunnel so that the bomb he is wearing cannot be activated and he strips it off. He then goes to rescue May, who is being held in a warehouse full of fireworks. Ka-Kui again faces the deaf-mute man, who throws small firebombs at him. Ka-Kui then gains the upper hand and brutally retaliates against the mute man, finally throwing him off a third story catwalk onto a pile of plastic drums below. Ka-Kui then rescues May and departs the warehouse, just as it explodes in a huge ball of fire."] ["The film tells the story of Qiu Jin and her involvement in revolutionary uprisings against the Qing Dynasty in Anhui province. Influences on her life are shown through a series of flashbacks. As a child, Qiu Jin resisted having her feet bound according to common practice, and instead pursued her interests to learn horse riding, martial arts and literature with her father and brother. Through her poetry, she expresses the her sorrow at the weak state of the nation and the repression of women. Finding other like minded women in Beijing and then travelling to Japan to study reinforces her view that nationalist action is required to reform China. Returning to China, Qiu Jin takes the position as Xu Xilin's lieutenant, assisting with the training of revolutionaries at the Datong school and plotting the revolution. Xu Xilin is later captured while executing the assassination of the governor, and Qiu Jin is captured when government forces storm the Datong school. Qiu Jin is tortured in an attempt to reveal other conspirators and she is later executed."] ["Jompa Torman is reluctantly on his way into marriage. The bride's family is gathered at the traditional engagement coffee at Kautokeino community centre when the Deadly Sapmi Assassination Squad, consisting of Tampa Buljo, Crazy Beibifeit, Dr. Kjell Driver and Bud Light assault the premises, draw guns, and fire on anything that moves. Nobody is supposed to leave the centre alive, but Jompa miraculously survives and falls into a deep coma. The Sami- and woman-hating police inspector Sid Wisløff are assigned to the case together with his assistant Unni Formen. Wisløff is confident that Jompa Tormann killed all his guests, finishing the act by shooting his own head four times to look innocent. A few weeks later, Jompa awakens, and begins to seek revenge. He has a Katana forged for him by the legendary swords-smith, Fugioshi Shinaga and sets out. He tracks down the members of The Deadly Sapmi Assassination Squad and settles his business with them one by one. Sid Wisløff and Unni Formen, aided by the Sami pathfinder Peggy Mathilassi are on his heels to put him behind bars."] ['The plot was described by the author and numerous critics as a teen installment to a Jackie Chan plot with a Disney twist. Gary Marsh called the film "Buffy the Vampire Slayer meets Crouching Tiger Hidden Dragon".Marissa Guthrie . I was a teenage \'warrior\'. New York Daily News. Accessed 2008-11-11. Wendy Wu  is an average, popular American teenager whose life is turned upside down by a visit from a young Buddhist monk Shen . Shen claims Wendy is the reincarnation of an all-powerful almighty female warrior and the only one who can prevent an ancient evil spirit from destroying the world. He then pleads Wendy to wear an incredibly strong and powerful amulet that will protect her from evil until he can fully train her in martial arts. Appalled by Shen\'s obvious lack of fashion sense - he usually wears a traditional monk\'s robe - Wendy pays little attention to him. She is too busy campaigning for Homecoming Queen against her school arch rival, Jessica Dawson, to be bothered with rescuing civilization. Wendy\'s traditional grandmother knows that Shen is speaking the truth; her mother  was the previous Yin Warrior who ninety years earlier defeated Yan-Lo in China. However, the others in Wendy\'s family have lost touch with their Chinese heritage. Shen\'s discussion of Chinese culture inspire Wendy\'s mother, a researcher at Fair Springs National History Museum, and Shen\'s mooncakes do the same for Wendy\'s father. However, faced with the choice between fighting evil and going shopping, Wendy is off to the mall in a heartbeat with her best friends Tory and Lisa. Yan-Lo soon materializes and sets out to destroy Wendy before she can attain her full Yin Warrior powers and abilities. In quick succession, the dark spirit possesses a security guard at the museum, Wendy\'s brother, her principal, her dog, her teachers, her best friend Tory and even  Jessica Dawson. Wendy breaks up with her boyfriend, Austin after noticing how much of a jerk he is and starts to bond more with Shen. With Shen\'s help, her teachers are transformed into the souls of the Five Animals of Chinese martial arts to help teach Wendy. Mr. Medina becomes the Tiger, Coach Gibbs becomes the Snake, Mr. Tobias becomes the Crane, Mr. Garibay becomes the Leopard, and Shen himself becomes the Dragon. The martial arts training unleashes Wendy\'s inner heroine for a final showdown with Yan-Lo during Homecoming. In the last scene, Jessica thanks Wendy for lending her the Homecoming crown and the Queen status, opposing her usual hostile approach towards Wendy and the conflict between the two is apparently put to rest. Yan Lo then returns, choosing to this time appear in person, and the battle continues. Shen begins to sacrifice himself, his destiny, but Wendy saves him by changing his destiny. Wendy and Shen both kick Yan Lo together, and Yan Lo is destroyed forever. The monks tell Shen this is his last life, and the monks leave. At the end, Wendy and Shen leave to get the cappucinos and chocolate that Shen said he loves earlier in the movie, hinting that they might begin dating.'] ["In the year 2043, an evil crime lord  is trying to take over the world. He was arrested and was sentenced to jail by the Judge. The General's minions, Kent , Thai King ([[Sagat , and Toyota  travel to the year 1993 to kill the Judge before he has a chance to get into office. During a battle with The General's minions, the Future Cops Lung ([[Ryu , Broom Man ([[Guile , Ti Man ([[Vega , and Ah-Sing  hear of their plot. The Police Director decided to send them back to the past also to protect the Judge. Lung ultimately stays behind because he is the Police Director's brother in law. Once the Future Cops get to 1993, they land in the backyard of 20 something year old high school student Tai-Hung, who helps them stay under cover by letting them live with him and his family. Ti Man pretends to be a fellow student while striking up a romance with Tai Hung's sister Chun May ; Broom Man pretends to be a music teacher at the school while also striking up a romance with one of the students, Crab Angel; while Ah-Sing follows Tai Hung pretending to be his servant, all the while protecting him from the evil school bullies, while Tai Hung pursues a romance of his own with his long-time friend Choi Ney. Eventually the villains show up, wreak havoc, and many battles ensue. Tai-Hung ends up being the Judge after his mother remarried and his surname changed."] ['After discovering that Shaolin is linked with Liu and the Eight Swordsmen - all rebels, Emperor Yong Zheng orders General Kim and his cannon squad to lay waste to the Temple. With little warning, Kim’s soldiers begin to fire on the Temple, causing massive death and destruction. Despite the severity of the situation, the abbot orders that the only way students may leave the Temple is by passing through the hall of 18 Bronzemen, in keeping with Temple tradition. Students pour into the hall, ill-prepared to face the rigors of the Bronzemen. After agonizing over his loss of judgment, the abbot rushes to open another escape route by holding up an enormous stone while students rush underneath. Unable to save himself, the abbot gives the final copy of the famed "18 styles" of kung fu to his trusted student Siu . Having escaped, Siu and the remaining students and teachers hide from their Manchu pursuers while plotting to kill the Emperor. As one attempt fails, their hopes are set on a final plot, of which the success or failure rests upon a fellow Shaolin monk-turned-traitor.'] ['A martial artist  must stop a group of terrorists trained in the ninja style by his half-brother . The film opens with a short scene at a terrorist training camp. The main instructor, Katsumoto  tells the graduating class that all of their actions and whereabouts will be known and that if they do anything to expose or harm the group, they and their families will be killed. The film then cuts to an assassination of a diplomat by members of the group. One of the terrorists is shot by a bodyguard while the others escape. We then meet Scott James , a retired karate champion, who is at a dance performance. After the performance, he meets one of the dancers named Nancy . He takes her out to dinner because he is interested in how she incorporated the martial arts into her routine. She seems distant during the dinner and is more concerned about a recent assassination that took place abroad. She wonders if “an American was killed.” Scott takes Nancy home, and he senses that someone is there. The lights don’t work as they enter, and then they are attacked by a group of ninjas. Scott fights them off, but they end up killing Nancy. After he restores power to the house, he notices that the entire family has been killed. The next day, Scott goes to see an old mercenary friend named McCarn . Scott asks him if he knows about any ninja activity. However, McCarn tells him, “If you are seeing ninja, you are seeing ghosts.” McCarn tries to recruit Scott to join his cause in eliminating terrorists, but Scott declines. On his way back from McCarn’s place, Scott encounters a rich lady named Justine , who managed to get her car stuck on the side of the road. She asks Scott for help, and after he helps her, she takes his keys, forcing him to walk back to her place to get them. Scott goes back to Justine’s house to get his keys, and she pretends to find them in her purse. She offers to drive him back since “It would be the only decent thing to do.” Scott agrees, only on the condition that this time, he drives. On their way back, Scott and Justine are chased by two cars. Scott and Justine manage to evade their pursuers. After Scott gets back to his car, Justine identifies one of the cars as being “her bodyguards.” Scott then asks her out to dinner since she has now become “an object of concern.” Before their date, Scott goes back to McCarn’s and notices that the car that was chasing them belonged to McCarn. He confronts Justine, and she confesses that she hired McCarn to be her bodyguard because McCarn told her that Scott would not accept her offer of employment. She also wants him to kill a man named Seikura . She confesses that her father was killed by terrorists and that she has since been on a crusade to eliminate them. She has managed to help “retire” two of the three main terrorist leaders, but Seikura remains. Scott is insulted by her actions, and he promptly declines her offer and leaves. Scott’s friend, A.J.  is a karate champion and feels frustrated by the recent terrorist attacks that have taken place both abroad and on Nancy. He decides to start going after terrorists himself. He tries to find a German terrorist, but that terrorist gets killed by McCarn’s men before A.J. can catch him. McCarn then fills A.J. in on just who he is and his relationship to Scott. He also tells A.J. that it was Nancy’s brother who was killed in the terrorist attack abroad and that she was killed in retaliation. A. J. decides to join McCarn’s cause. We see a flashback where Scott remembers training with his half brother Seikura. He and his brother are seen running through an obstacle course to obtain a sword. Scott stumbles at the end but still manages to get the sword. However, his enraged brother grabs the sword and declares it to be his. Scott’s adoptive father , then berates Seikura and disowns him. He tells Scott that Seikura is now his enemy for life. The movie cuts to a scene at the Octagon training camp where a new group of recruits has graduated. One recruit, Aura  has reservations about what she is doing but leaves the camp to report to a terrorist dispatcher named “Doggo” . Scott realizes that A.J. and McCarn are right, so he signs up and attends a mercenary recruiting camp in an attempt to be recruited so he can get to Seikura. He gets interviewed at Doggo’s camp, but Doggo knows his true identity, and he refuses his services. Scott then has to fight his way out of Doggo’s facility, defeating “Longlegs”  and “Hatband”  and returns to his hotel. Later that day, Aura grabs Scott’s file and defects from Doggo’s camp. Meanwhile, Justine manages to recruit A.J. to find Seikura. As Scott goes back to his room, he encounters Aura, and she tells him that she regrets what she has done and that she can lead him to Seikura’s camp. Justine then comes by to try once more to get Scott to help her, but she gives up after seeing Aura and decides to get Seikura herself. As she goes out of the hotel with A.J., she is hit with a poisoned dart from one of Doggo’s men and dies. A.J. then leaves to find Seikura’s place while McCarn stays behind to watch Scott. A few hours later, several ninja are seen scaling the hotel. They attack Scott and Aura but are defeated—the last shot by one of McCarn’s men as he is descending the hotel. A firefight then erupts between McCarn’s men and Doggo’s men, and all of Doggo’s men are killed. Scott and Aura then depart to Mexico for Seikura’s terrorist camp. A.J. is then shown finding Seikura’s place  the hard way, and he is eventually captured and taken prisoner. Aura gets Scott to the compound, and Scott infiltrates the camp. He is eventually discovered and led to an area known as “The Octagon” . Scott fights his way through and ends up fighting Seikura’s “enforcer” named “Kyo” . Scott defeats Kyo, and as a result, Seikura kills A.J. by slitting his throat. Scott and Seikura fight, but Seikura escapes the compound. Meanwhile, Aura infiltrates the compound and recruits several of her fellow former trainees to fight back and burn the compound to the ground. They end up destroying the entire camp, but only Aura manages to survive. She then goes after Scott and Seikura. As the sun is coming up, she sees Seikura attack Scott from behind. However, Scott stabs Seikura with his sword and the movie ends with Scott standing over Seikura’s body.'] ['A master Mahjong player named Fanny  gets divorced by her husband and must play in the King of Mahjong match to win him back. As she plays, she must rely on her kung fu skills to beat up the famous cheaters such as the Japanese woman, a very strong man, the triplets and much more and win allied with her classmates, master, and brother along with her "Nipple Twister". The film ends with Fanny nippletwisting her ex-husband by meaning she now had the power her ex-husband use to have.'] ['{{Expand section}} A brown belt girl who desperately wants to get a black belt and believes she can qualify for it by facing a group of black belt holders.'] ['The plot is based on the story of how "Jade Unicorn" Lu Junyi came to join the outlaw band at Liangshan Marsh and the outlaws\' battle with the Zeng Family Fortress. Liangshan\'s chief Chao Gai was ambushed and killed by Shi Wengong. His fellows vow to avenge him. The current de facto leaders of Liangshan, Song Jiang and Wu Yong, decide that given Shi Wengong\'s skill, Lu Junyi  will be the best person to assist them in taking revenge. The outlaws also note that if they succeed in recruiting Lu Junyi, they will also win over Lu\'s servant, Yan Qing, who is also a formidable martial artist. Wu Yong disguises himself as fortune teller and infiltrates the northern capital, where Lu Junyi stays, together with Li Kui, who is disguised as his idiotic assistant. They visit Lu Junyi and lie to him that a great calamity will befall him if he does not travel 1,000 miles to the southeast. Lu Junyi is skeptical of the advice and asks Yan Qing for his opinion. By then, Yan Qing has recognized Li Kui and provokes the hot-tempered Li into a fight. Li Kui is defeated and confined together with Wu Yong. Wu Yong uses reverse psychology on Lu Junyi and manages to persuade Lu to release them. Just then, Lu Junyi\'s steward Li Gu, who is in a secret affair with Lu\'s wife, reports the outlaws\' presence to the authorities so as to seize his master\'s fortune. When soldiers arrive to capture the outlaws, Lu Junyi orders Yan Qing to escort Wu Yong and Li Kui safely out while he confronts the soldiers and is arrested. Yan Qing attempts to free Lu Junyi from prison but Lu is captured again when Yan leaves him for a short while. Yan Qing travels to Liangshan to seek help and he attempts to rob two men for his travel expenses. The two men turn out to be actually outlaws from Liangshan, one of them being Shi Xiu. Shi Xiu goes to find Lu Junyi while his companion brings Yan Qing back to Liangshan. While in the city, Shi Xiu sees that Lu Junyi is about to be executed in the market square so he storms the area alone in an attempt to free Lu. Both Lu Junyi and Shi Xiu are eventually overwhelmed by soldiers and taken into captive. Meanwhile, Yan Qing meets the Liangshan outlaws and they plan to infiltrate the northern capital to save Lu Junyi and Shi Xiu. They take strategic positions around the execution ground and attack the soldiers when the prisoners are about to be beheaded. This time, the outlaws overpower the guards and swiftly take control of the area. Accompanied by the outlaws, Lu Junyi marches home and kills his disloyal steward Li Gu while his adulterous wife is slain by Yan Qing. As the outlaws leave the city, they run into Shi Wengong and his men, resulting in both sides clashing in an immense battle. Shi Wengong\'s forces are routed so he challenges the outlaws to engage him and his five students in man-on-man duels. The five students fight with Lin Chong, Li Kui, Hu Sanniang, Guan Sheng and Shi Xiu, while Lu Junyi faces Shi Wengong. By the time the five heroes had defeated Shi Wengong\'s students, Lu Junyi was still locked his duel with Shi. Yan Qing and Li Kui join in the fray and Shi Wengong is injured gravely but still remains alive. After declaring that Lu Junyi is now the new leader of Liangshan, Shi Wengong stops everyone from approaching and commits suicide. The outlaws, seeing that their quest for vengeance is now complete, ride back to their stronghold and the film ends.'] ['A fearsome warrior from the Kingdom of Samarza arrives in America to assassinate a high school girl. The girl does not know it, but she is the last living heir to the Kingdom. A noble guard arrives in America to protect the young princess.'] ["During the Ming Dynasty, the Sunflower Manual  was stolen from the palace and a Jinyi Wei team is sent to retrieve it. The Jinyi Wei attack Lin Zhennan and his son Lin Pingzhi, and the Lins separate to avoid their pursuers. Lin Zhennan meets Linghu Chong and Yue Lingshan from the Mount Hua Sect, requesting them to inform his son about the manual's location. Just then, Zuo Lengchan appears and a fight ensues, but Linghu Chong and Yue Lingshan manage to escape. They travel to meet Yue Buqun at a retirement ceremony and encounter Liu Zhengfeng and Qu Yang along the way. Linghu Chong strikes up a friendship with them and they perform their musical piece Xiaoao Jianghu . On the day of the ceremony, Zuo Lengchan shows up and attempts to force Liu Zhengfeng to hand over Linghu Chong, accusing Liu of conspiring with the Demonic Cult. Liu Zhengfeng and Qu Yang manage to fight their way out despite being surrounded by several enemies. At the same time, Linghu Chong is wounded by Zuo Lengchan and he escapes and hides near the river. He hears Liu Zhengfeng and Qu Yang playing their musical piece and finds them. Liu Zhengfeng and Qu Yang present Linghu Chong with their instruments and the music score."] ["Spoiled and with her head permanently in the clouds, Yuen Si Si  - naive daughter of an affluent merchant - lives her cosseted life dreaming of a meeting with her idol Qin Ge . Qin Ge is a kung-fu celebrity somewhat out of reach though and Si Si's wealthy father decides to marry her of to his friend's son, Yang Fan . Obviously an arranged marriage is anathema to the fiercely independent young woman and she sneaks out of the house with the intention of finding her beloved Qin Ge. What she doesn't realise though is that the kung-fu skills she thinks will protect her are merely a pretence, cleverly engineered to boost her ego by her over-protective father. It isn't too long into her misadventure that the formerly hermitic Si Si discovers that the world outside is far from being the world of chivalry that she expected and there are people practically lining up to take advantage of her. Not too far behind her is Yang Fan who is keen to save his fiancée more for the reward offered by her father than any feelings of affection for her."] ['After achieving much fame and glory from smashing the cotton mill, Shaolin hero Hu Hui-Chien has become the people\'s champion and the sworn enemy of the Ching government. So enraged are they, that they employ the best fighters from the Wu Tang. A leg fighter named Ko, whose "Flash Northern Legs" are undefeated in the whole of China, travels to Canton at the invitation of the Ching government to kill Shaolin master Hu Hui-Chien. This leads to the classic northern kicks vs. southern fist duel.'] ['In the 16th century, Japanese pirates terrorized the harbors of China for decades until General Chi Ching Kwong  masterminded a naval task force to combat the invaders. The oppressive Japanese government sends a contingent of stealth Ninjas to assassinate the General in his palace. His son discovers that these killers have pledged their lives to eradicate his father. Soon Ninja assassins are attacking the General’s soldiers in order to get to him. General Chi Ching Kwong sends his son on a mission to recruit three Chinese anti-Ninjitsu fighters from the elder Master of Three Arts, who owes the General a debt. When the son establishes contact with the Master of Three Arts, the old one informs the General’s son that his three pupils do not know each other’s identity. The General’s son first meets up with the mischievous Chow Chun  who he quickly enlists to the cause. Together they recruit the other student, a blacksmith named Tung Yen . Chow Chun and Tung Yen are students of the same master, but don’t know each other and their philosophies cause them to fight playfully. Finally, the contingent adds the missing component to their team, that of weapons specialist, Mao Tin Yeung . Even as General Chi Ching Kwong’s son and his newfound allies return to the palace, several Ninjas have infiltrated the household disguised as servants. The General’s son then assigns each of his fighters to pose as servants as well, to catch any possible assassination attempts. Chow Chun is assigned to assist in the kitchens, to watch over the staff. He sees the lead cook load a deadly blade onto a tray and try to deliver it to the General for dinner. Chow Chun races out to the serving room and faces off with the Ninja assassin. General Chi Ching Kwong watches as his dinner is interrupted by this life or death battle. Next, one of the guards turns out to be an assassin, and is discovered by Tung Yen and soundly trashed. Mao Tin Yeung uses his wits to determine that the recent hiring of a palace maiden is indeed a female undercover Ninja. When he confronts her, she goes crazy and he is forced to fight her to the death. The leader of the Japanese Ninjas, Shi Ping Wei  deploys a plan to kidnap the General’s son to lure the General’s bodyguards away from the palace where he will be unprotected. A band of sneaky Ninjas make off with the son, and hide him away in the nearby gardens. Chow Chun, Tung Yen, and Mao Tin Yeung unite and attempt to rescue the General’s son. Along the way, they are attacked by various bands of Ninja, including Tree Ninjas, Earth Ninjas, Sun Ninja’s. They finally fight their way past the Ninja horde, only to discover the General’s son is the prisoner of the sword-wielding Shi Ping Wei! The heroes must fight their way past this deadly swordmaster and his Ninja disciples if they are to rescue the General’s son...'] ["Robert Sand, agent of D.R.A.G.O.N. Defense Reserve Agency Guardian Of Nations, is playing tennis on his vacation with a beautiful black girl, when his commanding officers ask him to save a Chinese girl named Toki who happens to be Sand's girlfriend, and the daughter of a top Eastern Ambassador. The ransom for the abduction was the secret for a terrific new weapon - the freeze bomb - but the 'Warlock' behind the deed is also into the business of drug dealing and Voodoo ritual murders. The search takes him from Hong Kong to California through Miami, and plenty of action, against bad men, bad girl, and bad animals."] ['Agent Axon Rey, a heavily decorated war hero and former police officer, is send to a rehabilitation island called "Gulag 7" under the nickname "Sphinx". He has to perform an extremely dangerous mission.'] ['Koga Shuko, a crime lord and businessman, explains to his underlings about a powerful, magic medallion called the Double Dragon, which has been split into two pieces. He obtains one half and orders his henchmen to find him the other. Teenage brothers Billy and Jimmy Lee, along with their guardian Satori, are heading home after citywide curfew from a martial arts tournament. On their way, they are accosted by gang members, who rule the streets after dark due to an uneasy pact made with the police department to keep them from running amok during the day. They get away thanks to help from the Power Corps, a group of vigilantes headed by their friend Marian, daughter of the police chief. Unfortunately, Abobo, a gang leader, discovers Satori holds the second medallion half and reports this to Shuko. For his failure in securing it, he is mutated into a hulking giant. At their abandoned theater home, Satori explains to a skeptical Billy and Jimmy about the Double Dragon and how their piece must be protected, and she places it in the care of Billy. Shuko, with his henchmen in tow, pays the Lees a visit, intent on taking the other half. He reveals the ability of his medallion, which holds the power of the soul, which gives the user the power of possession and a shadow form, by temporarily possessing Satori. Billy and Jimmy successfully incapacitate Abobo, but Shuko has the place doused in gasoline and lit on fire. Satori sacrifices herself so the brothers can escape with the Dragon. Unable to find the brothers on his own, Shuko unites and takes over the gangs by displaying his power and sends them after the Lees. Billy and Jimmy narrowly get away, and seek refuge in the Power Corps hideout. Marian agrees to help them, using this as an opportunity to get rid of the gangs once and for all, and the three of them decide to go to Shuko’s office building to steal his medallion. They ultimately fail and are forced to flee, but Jimmy is captured in the process. Billy and Marian return to the Power Corps base, and lament about how none of them have been able to figure out how to use their Dragon piece. Marian points out a discovery they made that the wearer of the medallion is immune to the powers of its counterpart, meaning Shuko is not able to possess him as long as he has it. Suddenly, the gangs attack the hideout. In the mélêe, Jimmy reappears. Billy is elated; however, Jimmy is merely being controlled by Shuko as he tries to pummel his brother into submission. Billy then accidentally activates his medallion’s ability, which is the power of the body and effectively makes him invulnerable to harm. Knowing this, Shuko threatens to kill Jimmy instead. This doesn’t succeed either, so he releases Jimmy to distract Billy long enough to get the medallion. Shuko unites the halves and turns into a pair of shadow warriors with katanas that disintegrate anything they slice through. The Lee brothers fight, but cannot beat him. Abobo, who had previously been taken prisoner and since reformed, reveals to Marian that Shuko’s weakness is light. Marian reactivates the hideout’s generator, and the shadow warriors are rendered powerless. Billy and Jimmy attack, forcefully recombining the shadows into Shuko, and are given the Double Dragon halves. They combine the two pieces, granting them matching uniforms and the medallion powers, and they briefly see a vision of Satori’s spirit as she gives them encouraging words. The brothers wale on Shuko, and Jimmy possesses him to make him do embarrassing things. During this, Marian’s father shows up, intending to bring Shuko to justice and take care of the gangs once and for all. Jimmy has Shuko write a check to the police department for $129 million before encouraging the police chief to arrest him. Shuko is sent to jail, the police department has renewed strength to fight the gangs instead of compromising with them, and Billy and Jimmy can now keep both halves of the medallion safe.'] ['Two years after his escape from France, Jason Bourne and Marie Kreutz are living in Goa, India. Bourne continues to have flashbacks about his former life as a CIA assassin, which he writes in a small diary. Meanwhile, in Berlin, Germany, CIA agents subordinate to Deputy Director Pamela Landy are paying US$3 million for the "Neski files", documents on the theft of $20 million in allocation money seven years earlier. Russian Federal Security Service agent Kirill plants Bourne\'s fingerprint to frame him, kills the agents, and steals the files and money, giving them to his employer, Russian oil oligarch Yuri Gretkov. Kirill travels to Goa to kill Bourne, but Bourne spots him and flees with Marie. As the couple drive away, Kirill attempts to shoot Bourne, but kills Marie by mistake. Their vehicle goes off a bridge and into a river; Kirill believes that Bourne is dead. Bourne survives and leaves for Naples, Italy, with money and passports. After finding the fingerprint Kirill planted, Landy learns that it belongs to Bourne and subsequently asks Deputy Director Ward Abbott about Operation Treadstone. Landy tells Abbott that the CIA agent who stole the $20 million was named in the stolen files. Some years ago, Russian politician Vladimir Neski was about to identify the thief when he was supposedly murdered by his wife in a Berlin hotel. Landy believes that Bourne and the late Treadstone supervisor Alexander Conklin were somehow involved, and assumes that Bourne killed her two agents. Both Abbott and Landy go to Berlin to find Bourne and take him down. In Naples, Bourne allows himself to be identified by security. He subdues his CIA interrogator, copies the SIM card from his cell phone, and learns from a subsequent phone call about Landy and what she thinks Bourne did. Bourne goes to Munich to visit the only other remaining Treadstone operative, Jarda, who informs Bourne that Treadstone was shut down after Conklin\'s death. Jarda tries to incapacitate Bourne before an incoming CIA team arrives, but Bourne kills him, blows up his house, and escapes. Bourne follows Landy and Abbott as they meet former Treadstone support technician Nicky Parsons to question her about her past experience with him. Believing that the CIA is hunting him again, Bourne calls Landy and is told that he is being pursued because he killed two people in Berlin—though she is not referring to Bourne\'s recent flashbacks. Bourne arranges to meet Nicky at the Alexanderplatz, where he kidnaps and interrogates her, finding out that Abbott was the head of Treadstone, not Conklin. He remembers that he murdered Neski in Berlin, but Parsons knows nothing about it. Bourne visits the hotel where the killing took place and remembers more of his mission—he killed Neski on Conklin\'s orders, and when Neski\'s wife showed up, he shot her to make it look like a murder–suicide. Abbott kills his own assistant once he suspects a conspiracy against Bourne, who breaks into Abbott\'s hotel room and records a conversation between him and Gretkov that incriminates them in the theft of the money. Abbott confesses to ordering the assassination in Goa, Neski\'s murder by Bourne, and the murder of the agents by Kirill, for which Bourne was to be framed. When Landy suspects Bourne\'s innocence and confronts Abbott, he commits suicide. Bourne sends the tape of the confession to Landy, vindicating himself. Bourne goes to Moscow to find Irena Neski, the daughter of Vladimir Neski. Kirill tracks down Bourne and wounds him in the shoulder. Bourne reaches a car and Kirill engages him in a high-speed car chase, ending with Kirill\'s death after Bourne forces his car into a concrete divider. Bourne locates Neski and apologizes for murdering her parents. Gretkov is arrested by Landy, using the evidence she got from Bourne. Some time later, in New York City, she receives a phone call from Bourne; she expresses her thanks for the tape of Abbott\'s confession before telling Bourne his real name is David Webb and that he was born "4-15-71" in Nixa, Missouri. Bourne tells her that she looks tired, indicating that he can see her, before hanging up and fading into a New York crowd.'] ["Azumi 2 continues shortly after the end of the previous film with Aya Ueto returning in the title role of a young assassin charged with keeping the nation from falling into a new civil war. Azumi and her only remaining colleague Nagara  find themselves hunted by ninjas hired by General Kanbei for the assassinations they have carried out. One of which is the killing of his master. They hid temporarily in a temple so Nagara can heal his wounds sustained from their recent encounter. Azumi comes across some bandits led by Ginkaku, a young bandit who bears a striking resemblance to Azumi's former friend  Nachi. Later, Azumi and Nagara are found by the ninja working for Gessai , upon whose orders the assassins initially began their mission. After discussing it with Gessai, Azumi and Nagara leave to seek out their final target, Sanada Masayuki . On their mission they are accompanied by a squad of government ninja, among them a young woman named Kozue . Meanwhile, Kanbei Inoue  assembles a large force of mercenary soldiers, ninja and bandits to try to avenge the death of his master Kiyomasa Kato. Amongst them are Ginkaku  and his brother, Kinkaku . Azumi and the others are ambushed in a deserted town, but during the battle Ginkaku's bandits change sides and join Azumi. Azumi and the others then return to Ginkaku's village, where they are looked upon with distaste for their occupation. Azumi is torn by her attachment to Ginkaku, but on Nagara's urging they separate paths. While travelling, Kozue convinces Nagara that Azumi no longer wishes to fulfill her mission and should be talked out of it. Nagara tells Azumi he is fed up and wants to start a new life with Kozue, and that Azumi should go and live with Ginkaku, and they part ways. Azumi, still intent on carrying out the mission, attempts to locate Masayuki in his mountain temple, only to discover he has left with his army to kill Gessai. He and his entourage have departed for safety, but are soon tracked down by the brutal giant Roppa , a member of the dangerous Uenokagashu ninja clan working for Masayuki. Most of Gessai's guards are killed until Azumi arrives, as do Ginkaku and his brethren who had been following her. Roppa is killed , as are Kinkaku, several of Ginkaku's band and most of Kasumi's ninja squad. Meanwhile, once Nagara and Kozue are alone, Kozue reveals herself to be a spy for the Uenokagashu clan and kills Nagara. Coming across Azumi later, she tells her that she and Nagara were separated, but when she attempts to kill Gessai, they fight and Kozue is killed by Azumi. Azumi then states she will go after Masayuki alone. Soon she comes upon the enemy ninja named Tsuchigumo , whose weapon are razor-sharp poisoned wires. Azumi manages to cause his wires to rebound back at him and he is sliced apart, but Azumi is cut and falls into a paralytic sleep. Sanada's concubine and the true leader of Uenokagashu ninja clan, Kunio , steps out of hiding to tell Azumi she feels that Azumi, who has killed so many, knows nothing of life. With the poison incapacitating Azumi, it soon came to a finishing blow, but Ginkaku appears, taking the fatal thrust and in the process mortally injuring Kunio. Ginkaku managed to dampen the poison's effect upon Azumi, shortly before dying. Kunio makes her way back to her camp, only to die in Sanada's arms. Shortly after this, Azumi appears on a hill in the distance. Fighting her way through many of Sanada's troops, she is met by the man she intends to kill. Sanada's son Yukimura  and Gessai both arrive at the same time, both wanting Sanada to retreat, but Sanada is eager to kill Azumi by himself. He decides to challenge her to a duel and he tells Kanbei to leave. At the acceptance of these terms, the last member of Ginkaku's band is killed, as he declares the decision is unjust. Sanada states that regardless of the result of the duel, they will no longer bother the Tokugawa shogunate ever again. Azumi, questioning whether she had ever been following a path of her own or if she and her friends had always been being used, accepts the duel. They appear to equal each other in terms of skill until Azumi breaks Sanada's spear. He gets another weapon, but blood spurts from a neck wound before he manages to use it, and he dies. Azumi is allowed to leave. After a long, emotionally ambiguous silence, she walks alongside the stream of blood running from the camp."] ["The action takes place shortly after the execution of Chen Zhen, the Bruce Lee character from Fist of Fury. Japanese leader Miyamoto Lo Lieh orders that the Ching wu martial arts school be closed. Chen Zhen's brother Chen Shen  arrives from Shanghai after hearing about his brother's death, and is just not happy. Kicking butt to avenge both his brother's death and the oppression caused by the Japanese, he finally kicks and punches his way to Miyamoto for a showdown."] ['Locals are concerned with the growing influence and presence of Westerners and foreigners in Foshan. General Liu Yongfu of the Black Flag Army approaches Wong Fei-hung and requests that the latter help him muster and train a militia to assist in defending the town. Among those recruited by Wong are the butcher Porky Wing and an American-educated Chinese called Bucktooth So. Wong meets Siu-kwan, who is around the same age as him, and whom he addresses respectfully as "13th Aunt". Although they are not direct blood relations, her father was a sworn brother of Wong\'s grandfather so she is considered to be Wong\'s elder. They develop romantic feelings for each other but their relationship is often restrained as it is considered taboo in traditional culture. Leung Foon arrives in town with an opera troupe to stage performances. He runs into some trouble with the Shaho Gang, which terrorises local businesses by demanding "protection money" from them. He accidentally runs into 13th Aunt and falls in love with her. After being fired from the team, Leung meets a martial artist called "Iron Vest" Yim and becomes the latter\'s student. Yim wants to make his name and establish a martial arts school in Foshan, but he knows that he must first defeat Wong, the best fighter in town. Meanwhile, the Shaho Gang sets fire to Wong\'s clinic Po-chi-lam as a warning after Wong interfered when they caused trouble in town. The gangsters later seek shelter under the Americans from the Sino-Pacific Company after the governor issued orders for their arrests. In return for protection from the authorities, the thugs aid foreigners in human trafficking by kidnapping local women to be sold to distant lands as prostitutes. The Shaho Gang\'s boss meets Yim and agrees to help him if the latter allies with his gang and the Americans. The Shaho Gang abduct 13th Aunt while she is assisting an escaped labourer from America to avoid the local government\'s inspection. Wong and his followers are thrown into prison for fighting with soldiers sent by the authorities while buying time for 13th Aunt and the labourer to flee. The guards release Wong and his companions out of respect for them. Just then, Bucktooth So reports to Wong that 13th Aunt has been captured by the Shaho Gang. Wong and his men disguise themselves and infiltrate the Americans\' base and defeat the foreigners and gangsters after a battle. Wong faces Yim in a man-on-man fight and overcomes the latter. Yim is killed by gunfire from the Americans, who were actually targeting Wong. Wong and his companions eventually succeed in rescuing 13th Aunt and the kidnapped women, and Wong kills the American leader Jackson by hurling an unused bullet into the latter\'s forehead with his fingers. At the end of the film, Leung Foon is seen being accepted by Wong as a student.'] ["The film opens with a number of figures battling with Priest Pai Mei  and Kua Ching . During the fight, famous Shaolin heroes San Te and Fong Sai-Yuk are killed, while Hung Si-Kuan  narrowly escapes. Chun Ah-Chin  is a local bean curd maker who uses the mantis style and likes to spar with his friend Ying Cha-Po , a waiter who can use anything as a weapon, particularly a bowl and a pair of chopsticks. Although the two both work menial jobs with which they are unhappy, they dream of one day becoming great heroes and dying for noble causes. Chu Tsai ([[Sun Chien  is a light skill student at a local school who is constantly abused by his master and a fellow student , He ends up befriending Ah-Chun and Cha-Po after they save him from getting beat by his fellow students. Meanwhile, Pai Mei, Kua Ching and his fighting men arrive at a temple looking for the injured Hung Si-Kuan and end up in a fight with the monks and Han Chi . Han Chi escapes but the monks are killed, so Chi goes looking for Hung Si-Kuan. Meanwhile, Hung has arrived at Chu Tsai's school, as the master is an old comrade. However, the teacher rejects Hung’s request for help and immediately reports to Pai Mei. Chu Tsai, Ah-Chun and Cha-Po find the injured Hung Si-Kuan and they conjure up schemes to get him medicine. Once healed, Hung Si-Kuan thanks the three by teaching them special techniques to perfect their skills. Han Chi also meets up with the four after helping them in a fight at Cha-Po’s restaurant. However, Chu Tsai's fellow student had spotted Chu purchasing the medicine for Hung. He reports this to Pai Mei and Kua Ching, and leads the priest and his followers to Hung Si-Kuan’s hiding place. Hung and company escape and hide in an old temple. Although they are trapped, Kua decides to wait until dawn to attack, so as not to risk one of the fugitives escaping in the dark. Morning arrives and Kua Ching attacks. Although Kua and his men are all killed, Chu Tsai is killed in the battle while Ah-Chin and Cha-Po are mortally wounded. With government troops on the way, Ah-chin and Cha-po volunteer to stay behind and occupy the troops so that Han Chi and Hung Si-Kuan can escape. The film ends as the two realize they have achieved their dream: Dying for a noble cause."] ["Maliq Ali  is a defense attorney whose guilt over freeing guilty criminals, and the death of his family, leads him to become a costumed ninja vigilante who stalks these same criminals at night. After refusing to defend Tony Fanelli , a small-time mobster accused of murder, he finds himself involved in protecting the only witness, Tracey Allen , from Fanelli's hired thugs. While protecting this young woman, he is confronted by The Red Ninja , a Japanese assassin, who years before killed his family rather than pay Ali for defending him."] ['Future War begins aboard a spaceship undergoing a revolt. A man enters and activates an escape pod which travels to Earth and crashes into the Pacific Ocean. The pod contains “The Runaway,” a human slave played by Daniel Bernhardt. He is being pursued by cyborg slavers and dinosaurs that they use as “trackers.” Since he was kidnapped some time from Earth’s past, the Runaway is familiar with the English language and the King James Bible and he regards Earth as a literal heaven. The Runaway finds refuge with novice nun Sister Ann(Travis Brooks Stewart}, who\'s past involved dealing drugs and prostitution. Together, they fight the dinosaurs and their robotic masters, seeking help from a street gang. Future War features star Daniel Bernhardt’s kickboxing skills in several fight sequences, including against the Cyborg Master . After being arrested as a suspect in a rash of deaths due to strange animal attacks, The Runaway is interrogated by federal agents. They present to him a dinosaur collar found on the beach. The Cyborg Master, breaks into the police station during the interrogation and the Runaway manages to escape in the confusion. He returns to Sister Ann and her gang friends with aplan to attack the dinosaurs where they live, as Runaway simply explains, "Near water...". Using dynamite, Runaway successfully destroys a water treatment plant, killing the dinosaurs. Later, though, the surviving Cyborg Master attacks Runaway while he watches Sister Ann make her solemn vows to become a nun. After Runaway finally kills the Cyborg Master, he becomes a counselor for runaway teens, working closely with Sister Ann.'] ['Cheuk, a mainland Chinese security specialist and martial arts teacher, visits his family in Hong Kong. Shortly after he sends his nephew to school, a former British marine takes the students hostage and plants bombs around the school. The marine, named Charles, is unhappy because his son was taken away by his ex-wife and her new husband, and they are on their way to America. He demands that his son be brought to him in exchange for the hostages. Cheuk agrees to help Charles and he rushes to the airport together with Simna  and a reporter called Hung. After finding the boy, they need to make a dangerous journey back as both the thugs and police are out to get them.'] ['Visiting the Russian Federation for a series of boxing matches, George "Iceman" Chambers is subsequently framed for possession of cocaine and sent to prison. There, he discovers a series of illegal full-contact Mixed Martial Arts matches dominated by inmate Yuri Boyka. The prison officials arrange these fights and place large side-bets to make a personal profit, often at the expense of the fighters. Once inside, the warden and legal adviser for Chambers state that if he fights Yuri in the ring, he will likely get an expedited appeal and early release. He initially refuses, but after spending time in demeaning physical labor in the prison\'s sewer system and experiencing firsthand the brutality of the guards, he reluctantly agrees. He is rescued from both forms of humiliation by a crippled inmate, Crot . Both fighters train hard for the match, though Chambers still relies on his boxing background while Boyka prepares a series of deadly kicks, throws, and grappling combinations designed to humiliate his opponent in the ring. Prior to the fight however, Boyka\'s friends force George\'s cellmate, Steven, who is acting as his cornerman, to spike his water with a light sedative during the fight. During the fight, Chambers is somewhat taken by surprise at the flurry and variety of Boyka\'s attacks, but manages to hold his own through the first round by keeping his distance, staying calm, and dealing out painful punching combinations whenever possible. At the end of the first round, Steven slips the drugged water into Chambers\' mouth and he takes a few sips. During the second round, he starts to lose his focus and begins taking more and more punishment until Boyka knocks him out with a devastating flying kick. Following the fight, Steven kills himself out of guilt. After the fight, Chambers  confronts Boyka, believing that he was responsible for drugging him, and the warden, for going back on the deal. Boyka coldly tells him that he does not need drugs to win, and the warden denies knowledge of the deal. Upon learning of the truth, Boyka is furious, believing himself to be the first practitioner of the "ultimate fighting form,". Chambers asks for a rematch mainly to ensure his release. He makes a bet that he can defeat Boyka to win his freedom, though the officials also offer a substantial cash incentive to make sure that Chambers trains hard. Chambers seeks help from Crot, who then reveals that he helped train Boyka in his fighting style. Crot is actually a former soldier and martial arts expert who committed murder in order to protect his family. However, he feels this guilt so acutely, as well as a feeling of alienation from his family, that he has resigned himself to permanent confinement. Even so, his desire to see justice for both Chambers and Boyka inspires him to reeducate Chambers in mixed martial arts techniques. Working together, the two practice grapples, holds, and kicks which stretch Chambers\' abilities. As the training continues and Chambers improves, the two begin to form a bond and relate their individual philosophy of fighting. Chambers begins to extend his mental discipline from the ring into his private life, while Crot begins catching some of Chambers\' ambition, specifically the narrow and slim hope that he might one day be released and reconcile with his family. Near the end of the training, Crot teaches Chambers a devious leg Joint lock designed to end the fight. He somberly instructs Chambers to use it to its full effectiveness if he gets the opportunity. Since Boyka enjoys brutalizing his opponents and other inmates with a passion that borderlines on sadism, and his mixture of personal pride and high tolerance for pain make it unlikely that he will submit, Crot instructs Chambers not to hesitate and to break Boyka\'s leg to end the fight if he gets the chance. Chambers agrees, but privately believes that he can fight Boyka to a knock-out. Once the fight begins it is apparent to all the viewers that the combatants are much more evenly matched and Chambers is much more impressive in his style. The fight is long and intense, with flurries of combinations, grapples, and throws traded between the two. Eventually, Chambers realizes that Boyka will not lose consciousness, will not submit, and will likely knock him out if the fight goes on too long. Chambers alters his strategy and manages to get Boyka in the joint lock and ends the fight by breaking Boyka\'s leg, proving that he is the undisputed new champion of the prison. Shortly thereafter, Chambers is released from prison and uses his winnings to buy Crot\'s freedom as well. In a final scene, he wheels Crot, who is now cleaned up and in possession of several gifts, to a train station to meet with his estranged niece in a happy reunion. Crot thanks Chambers for giving him the remainder of the winnings to start his life again, while Chambers expresses his gratitude for the help and training. Crot then meets with his niece and the two embrace for the first time.'] ['After avenging the death of his brother, Chen Shen  returns home from Shanghai. He tells his mother  that he will no longer fight. However, being a movie with the words "fist" and "fury" in the title, Chen doesn\'t keep his promise for very long. Japanese occupiers who are aware of Chen\'s history terrorize his family by, among other things, vandalizing his mother\'s store and beating up his brother. Later, they frame Chen for a murder. After the Japanese boss arrives in town and causes a ruckus, Chen breaks out of jail for a final confrontation.'] ["Scorching Sun, Fierce Wind, Wild Fire is a story about a search for the second half of a treasure map, but it's conveniently forgotten at various points. Angela Mao plays the daughter of a warlord and has a secret identity as the masked freedom fighter Violet, who rides the country righting wrongs and organizing rebels. Tien Peng plays a mysterious stranger who comes to town looking for the other half of the map. Lo Lieh and Tan Tao Liang play prison inmates who escape and end up actually being ex-comrades with Tien Ping and assisting he and Violet in apprehending Master Wu , the security chief who does most of the fighting for the warlord. Master Wu turns traitor in order to get the map. * In the American dubbed version during the opening scene as well as throughout the entire film, John Williams score from Star Wars is being played."] ["Seattle cop Cliff Garret  is severely wounded in a drug bust gone bad—shot by his corrupt partner Ronny “Del” Delany . Garret dies momentarily in the emergency room, but is revived with a defibrillator. His police supervisor has the hospital conceal his survival, and Garret is given a new identity. Garret becomes hit man Danny Grogan, and he infiltrates the organization of mob boss mafioso Marco Luganni . The plan is for Grogan to bring together Luganni and his rival, French Canadian mafioso boss André LaCombe , so they can both be taken down together. After two years of working the plan, a gang of Iranian drug dealers looking to muscle in on everyone's territories suddenly enter the picture when they make a hit on one of Luganni's teams just as they finished making a hit on a team of LaCombe's money carriers. Grogan plays all parties against one another while befriending a fatherless boy named Tim Murphy , who lives in the apartment down the hall and is being bullied by a racist white kid in the neighborhood. Tim's mother works 3 jobs, so he begins spending time with Grogan. Grogan teaches Tim how to fight after seeing him bullied on the street one day. When Tim stands up to the white kid, he gets the best of him, then watches as the white kid is dragged off by his father and beaten for losing the fight. Grogan walks across the street, punches the father in the nose through a screen door, so hard that it knocks the father to the ground, then Grogan walks away. Grogan’s past returns to haunt him in the person of Ronny Delany, who is secretly working with Luganni. Delany recognizes Grogan as Garret, and ties Tim to a chair loaded with explosives in a bid to force Grogan to cooperate. Delany sets off the chair bomb, but Grogan is unharmed and Tim survives. Grogan turns the tables on them all. At a meeting to set terms of an alliance, Delany has Luganni's men kill LaCombe and his men. Then the Iranians and Delany kill Luganni, but Grogan arrives on the scene and kills all of them. In the end, Grogan blows up Delany while tied to a chair hanging outside a window, in retribution for what he did to Tim."] ['Alexander Grady, a widower and father of a five-year-old son, Walter, is chosen to represent the United States of America in an international martial arts tournament against Team Korea, despite a shoulder injury that once forced him into retirement. Also chosen for the team is Tommy Lee, a man seeking revenge against a member of Team Korea for the death of his brother during a previous tournament. The rest of Team USA consists of Travis Brickley, an extremely brash fighter with a short fuse; Virgil Keller, a devout Buddhist; and Sonny Grasso, a streetwise fighter from Detroit. Coached by veteran trainer Frank Couzo, the team prepares to meet an unstoppable group of true martial arts experts. Their chances of winning are virtually non-existent, as the Koreans train all year long and are known as the best the sport has to offer. Along their journey, the Americans have to deal with their personal conflicts and tragedies, before they become a team. When the tournament starts, Keller and Grasso are out classed by their Korean opponents. Travis does his best to psyche up the team with his brash attitude leading to a sudden death breaking duel with his opponent. Couzo invites Grady\'s family to motivate him to win; however, his shoulder is severely re-injured during his bout. Instead of giving up, he implores Tommy to "pop" the shoulder back into place and resumes the fight with one arm, ultimately defeating his opponent. Finally, Tommy faces the Captain of the Korean team, Dae Han, the man responsible for the death of his brother. After a slow start, Tommy gets the upper hand and delivers a series of moves that forces Dae Han solely on the defensive. As the match nears its end, Tommy has brought the American team within a single point of victory. Consumed with vengeance, Tommy prepares to end the fight, but realizing that the battered Dae Han would likely not survive the attack, Couzo orders Tommy to stand down, saving the man\'s life but forfeiting the victory as time expires. Couzo consoles Tommy afterwards, telling him, "You won that match, don\'t ever forget that". At the medal ceremony, Dae Han gingerly approaches Tommy and praises him for his honorable act. He then apologizes for the death of Tommy\'s brother, and in return offers himself as a brother to Tommy. Tommy accepts, and Dae Han hands over his medal before the two men embrace. The other members of Team Korea then follow suit, awarding their medals to their respective American opponents.'] ['During the reign of Emperor Jia Jing of the Ming Dynasty, the evil court official Yan Song relies on the emperor favoritism towards him, becoming overbearing and domineering. An honest official Zhang Ying Long impeaches Yan Song w/ a "Ten Cimes Five Deceits" against him. But instead he gets flogged 30 times, and banished to a far off frontier Guizhou. Zhang Ying Long\'s remonstration won the hearts of the common people, on the day of his banishment thousands of people turned out to see him off. At the sight of this, Yan Sung knows that if he does not kill off Zhang Ying Long, he will be unable to deter other court officials. Thereupon, he arranges for assassins to kill Zhang Ying Long during the journey. Guizhou, b/w the high mountain ridge lies a small relay station. Because this place is far off and also not deemed an important area by the government, therefore the relay station has become run-downed. The relay station is managed by two young people, one is named Shi Yi Pao, the other Bu De Liao, and also Zeng Wu Liao. Shi Yi Pao seems like a person who feels that he never gets enough sleep, and has a look of bewilderment on him every day. Bu De Liao and Ceng Wu Liao both are diligent, but they are kind of stupid looking. These three people have already spent six useless years in this boring place.'] ["Nami, a Bōsōzoku leader, kills a high-ranking member of a yakuza organization, due to a turf war and is sent to prison. After serving three years, she finds a home living with her uncle at a pool hall. After meeting a pimp named Ryuji, she acquires a job as a hostess in Ginza, where she soon becomes very popular. However, her criminal past is not easily left behind. Further complicating matters is a local yakuza named Owada, who attempts to take control of the bar and kills Ryuji's sworn brother. Defending her uncle's business and seeking revenge, Nami goes after Owada."] ['The film\'s plot follows a traditional theme, with Zatōichi coming to the defense of townspeople caught up in a local Yakuza gang war and being forced to pay excessive amounts of protection money. Meanwhile, Zatōichi befriends a local farmer and her gambler nephew and eventually offers his assistance to two geisha siblings  who are seeking revenge for the murder of their parents. The siblings are the only survivors of a massacre that was carried out on their family estate in order to obtain large sums of money ten years ago. They soon discover the people responsible for the murders are the same Yakuza wreaking havoc on the small town. After slicing his way through an army of henchmen with his shikomizue, Zatōichi defeats the Yakuzas\' bodyguard, a powerful ronin, in a duel. Zatōichi later wanders into town and confronts the Yakuza bosses, killing the second-in-command and blinding the elderly Yakuza boss  after opening his eyes for the first time and revealing that he has been able to see the entire time. The film ends with a dance number led by noted Japanese tap dance troupe The Stripes, and Zatōichi walking down a trail and tripping over a rock, saying "Even with my eyes wide open, I can\'t see anything."'] ['It is 1934, in Japanese occupied Korea. Angela, Carter and Sammo are sitting and talking in a park when they are approached by a group of Japanese toughs. The leader of the Japanese begins to make unwelcome advances, and Angela tries her best to ignore him. Sammo loses his temper and a melee ensues. These three have just graduated, learning the art of Hapkido and they return to China in the hopes of setting up their own school, which they do. The Japanese, who consider it an inferior martial art, try to run them out of town with some traitorous Chinese, including Pai Ying. Angela, Carter and Sammo don’t want any trouble as it goes against the wishes of their master and his teachings. It’s Sammo who finally loses it after being insulted by some Japanese. This doesn’t go down well and Sammo becomes a wanted man, having to hide out while Angela and Carter try to reason with The Black Bear Gang without much luck. Finally the Japanese go too far and Angela, Carter and Sammo are forced to fight back with devastating results for the Japanese.'] ['International terrorist Charles Rane , known as the "The Rane of Terror", is caught by the FBI and local authorities just before he receives plastic surgery to alter his features. The FBI make plans to return Rane to Los Angeles aboard a passenger aircraft for him to stand trial. John Cutter  is a former police officer, haunted by the death of his wife in a convinence store robbery, and has taken to training self-defense to flight attendants, including Marti Slayton . After one class, Cutter is approached by an old friend, Sly Delvecchio , who offers Cutter to be the vice-president of a new anti-terrorism unit for his company, Atlantic International Airlines. Cutter is reluctant, but Delvecchio and the company\'s president Stuart Ramsey  convince him to accept the offer. Cutter boards as the 57th passenger on a Atlantic International flight to Los Angeles, where Marti is one of the flight attendants. Rane and his two FBI escorts are also aboard. After the flight takes off, several men in Bane\'s employ posing as flight attendants and passengers kill the FBI agents, release Rane and secure the plane. Cutter, in the lavatory at the time, manages to use the plane\'s cellular phones to warn Delvecchio to the situation, but Cutter is soon discovered by one of Rane\'s agents. Cutter overpowers the agent and takes his weapon; he then uses the agent as a shield to confront Rane. Rane is indifferent, and shows his ruthlessness by taking a passenger as hostage, and then killing him without mercy. Cutter realizes his outmatched, and with Marti, escape to the plane\'s cargo hold, dispatching another of Rane\'s men there. Cutter dumps the plane\'s fuel, forcing Rane to order the pilots to land at a small Louisiana airfield. Cutter jumps from the plane once it has landed, but Marti is caught by Rane and kept aboard. Rane contacts the field\'s tower and demands that the plane be refueled or that he will start killing the hostages; he does offer that he will release half of the passengers should they comply. Rane also asserts that Cutter is one of his own men turned against him. Cutter is found by the local sheriff Chief Biggs  and taken into custody. Biggs gives the go-ahead for refueling, and as the passengers are freed, Rane and his men escape from the plane, having given orders to those still on board to kill the rest of the hostages if their plans are interfered with. Cutter recognizes the passenger release as a diversion, and escapes from the sheriff, and chases Rane and his men into a local county fair. The FBI arrive and assert Cutter\'s true identity to Biggs. Cutter is able to kill one of Rane\'s men and get into a fight with Rane before police arrive and capture him. Back at the tower, Rane asserts that if he does not contact the plane and given flight clearance, his men aboard have been instructed to kill the rest of the hostages. The FBI arrange to return Rane to the plane, escorted by two agents, with plans to have a sniper take down Rane and allow the FBI to storm the plane to save the hostages. Instead, the sniper is one of Rane\'s men, who kills the escorts, and Rane makes it inside safely. Rane orders the pilots to take off, while Cutter, with Biggs\' help, manages to jump onto the speeding plane before it takes off. Inside, Cutter deals with more of Rane\'s before getting into a fight with Rane. Their fight blows out one of the plane\'s windows, causing the bulkhead door to blow out due to explosive cabin decompression. Cutter manages to get Rane to the door and forces him out; Rane falls to his death. The plane quickly returns to the airfield, where the FBI secure Rane\'s remaining agents and the remaining hostages are freed. Amid congratulations and celebration, Marti and Cutter make their quiet escape into the distance hand in hand.'] ["In another partially available Venoms film, Lu Feng is the boss of a local town who uses the golden sword technique, however his kung fu is worthless as no one in the town knows kung fu anymore so there is no one to fight. All the skilled fighters left after Lu Feng took over all of the businesses in town except for the one owned by Lo Mang, his mother and his sister. Lu Feng also makes it a habit of inviting skilled fighters to his home with intentions to kill them just to keep his skills proficient. Daily, Lu Feng and his men harass Lo Mang and his family to give up their business, Lo Mang constantly refuses but Lu Feng doesn’t resort to using force as he is attracted to Lo Mang’s sister. Lo Mang doesn’t use force as whenever he starts to fight his mother calls him into the house. Kuo Chui, Sun Chien, Chiang Sheng and Wang Li are all kung fu experts who formerly worked in the now extinct escort business who have no homes or money. Initially they are strangers but meet after each of them manages to eat at a local restaurant  and escape without paying as the only way out is through traps which only a kung fu expert can get through. Lu Feng takes notice and recruits  the four into living in his home and giving them gifts in hopes of getting them to go and harass Lo Mang. The plan backfires as all of them share the same outlook on life and become friends, practicing kung fu daily and bringing each other food. Lu Feng taking notice of their newly found friendship decides to set up Kuo Chui into killing Lo Mang by secretly putting explosives in his pole . Kuo spars with Lo Mang and inadvertently sets off the explosives, killing Lo Mang. His friends, thinking he was hired by Lu Feng to kill Lo Mang, attack Kuo Chui but he refuses to fight his friends then runs away. Lu Feng arrives on the scene as he wants to “take revenge” for Lo Mang and kills Sun Chien and Wang Li while Chiang Sheng escapes. Lo Mang's mother and sister commit suicide, which they see as the only way to finally be rid of Lu Feng. Kuo Chui and Chiang Sheng eventually reunite and figure out it was a set-up by Lu Feng, they try to practice ad-hoc only using what they have seen of Lu Fengs golden sword style and go to get revenge."] ['This sequel is set in 2025, about 20 years after the original Timecop. At that time, the Time Enforcement Commission , the agency that monitors time travel, is still working strong. However, as a check & balance to TEC, a "Historical Society of Authenticity" is established to ensure that TEC personnel do not alter history. However, the Society\'s leader, Brandon Miller , believes he has the responsibility to change history based on a "moral obligation to right the wrongs of the past" and plans to do so by traveling back to Berlin during the Nazi era and killing Adolf Hitler to make the world better. Ryan Chan  is sent to stop him, but in the fight that ensues, Miller\'s wife  ends up dead when she attempts to shoot Hitler. Miller is arrested and put in prison for trying to change history and Ryan Chan has been arresting Miller\'s close Society members at present day. However, one of the TEC agents, on his own, attempts to visit his younger self and violates the physical law "same matter can\'t occupy the same space". The TEC officer comes back to present day with his younger self merged in his body, and without his existence, a key Brandon Miller Society associate wasn\'t arrested and it allows Miller to be sprung from prison. Miller then sets out to eliminate all TEC operatives by traveling in time and killing their ancestors, making it so that they never even existed. That way he would effectively prevent anyone from stopping him. Eventually, Ryan Chan is the only one left that can stop Miller before he gets to him.'] ["{{nihongo}} is a {{nihongo}} who is travelling Japan in search of her mentor, who was the actual {{nihongo}}. She is befriended by a travelling samurai Toma Fujihira, who told her that he rescued her from bandits . They travel to a town run by the Shirakawa, a Yakuza family. They are plagued by the Banki-to, a group of mercenaries. This group is led by Banki, an evil man who is excellent in sword fighting but who has a deformed face. Ichi is befriended by Kotaro, a boy who lives with his drunkard father. After helping Toma win money from Chō-han, they are followed by five Bankito who threaten to take their money. After Toma refuses, he was challenged to a fight but he is unable to draw his sword. Ichi slays the gang. The Shirakawa leader's son, Toraji, assumes that it was Toma who slew the men and makes him his personal bodyguard. Ichi is convinced by Kotaro and his father to stay in the hope of Zatoichi passing through. Toma confesses that although has fighting skills he is unable to draw his sword because of guilt for blinding his mother in an accident. The Bankito plan their revenge. They kill the head of the Shirakawa. Toma is unable to defend anyone and is left unconscious. Ichi admits that it was her who killed the earlier men and after displaying her skills, the second-in-command is convinced and takes her to the mountains to meet their leader, Banki. After slaying two members who doubted her skills, Banki attacked and injured her, while stating that he has met her father. She was thrown into a locked ditch and left to die. We were able to see Ichi's backstory. Ichi was born blind. As an infant, Zatoichi rescued her and left her in the care of a group of {{nihongo}}, visiting her and secretly teaching her the techniques Zatoichi had mastered. Ichi grew up to be a musically talented and beautiful woman. After one of her goze group's performances, she was raped by one of the patrons. She was later exiled by the {{nihongo}}, even if it broke the other members' hearts as it is forbidden for a goze to have lovers or marry. She pleaded to the man who had raped her to talk to the leader of the goze so she can go back to the group, but he mocked her instead and tried to attack her again but she was able to draw her sword which is hidden in her cane and killed him. Ichi then travelled Japan to look for her father instead. Toma was attacked by the members of the Yakuza clan because of his deceit, but Toraji told him that they still need his help to defeat the Bankito. He went with Kotaro's reformed father to their hideout and was able to save Ichi. Banki swore revenge. While recovering, Ichi explained the reason why she's searching for Zatoichi. She wanted to see him one last time before she commits suicide. Toma as able to convince her to go on living. Later, while she slept, Toma left her to go help the Shirakawa fight the Bankito. Ichi woke up and Kotaro told her about the fight that's going on in the town. The Yakuzas were outnumbered by 2 to 1. Still, Toma was unable to draw his sword. But when Banki demanded for him to fight him, Toma stepped forward, ready to fight. He was able to overcome his guilt and was able to draw his sword. The two men fight, Toma showed everyone that he is indeed an adept swordsman. Toma was able to give a fatal strike to Banki but Banki gave him a fatal strike in return as well. Toma dies in Ichi's arms and tells her not to lose hope. Banki tried to charge on Ichi but she was able to draw her sword again and finally killed the clan leader, whose horribly scarred face was later revealed. Fearing for their lives, the few remaining members if the Bankito fled. Later we see Toraji rebuilding his town and assuming the leadership of his Yakuza clan. Ichi by Toma's grave. Ichi played his favorite song one last time. Resuming her search for her father, she bid her friend Kotaro farewell and gave him a keepsake. She said that Kotaro was right all along, she needed light for her journey."] ["In an unknown place and unknown time, a master swordsman by the name of Grave  searches for the ultimate battle. After hearing tales of a mysterious coffin kept and guarded at the Tougan Temple he decides to steal it. Legend has it that if taken to a specific spot in the desert, the coffin will grant any man's deepest desire. However, others say that inside the coffin rests the Goddess of Destruction who was banished from Heaven for trying to destroy the world and that releasing her will bring about the Apocalypse. A young monk from the Tougan Temple  is sent to retrieve the coffin and prevent it from being opened. But many other forces are also searching for Grave and his prize  and an all-out free-for-all ensues as they all struggle to discover the secret power of the coffin."] ['The story is about a scientist, Professor Mason, who invented a powerful freezing bomb for a gangster leader nicknamed "the Pig". Mason changes his mind and kills himself in order to not let his secret in the hands of the Pig. The scientist\'s assistant runs away with the plans, but is chased by the gangster\'s henchmen. The local police chief, Capt. Gallagher, gets put on the case an investigator, martial arts expert Detective Ash.'] ['Stud Brown played by Timothy Brown teams up with a Chinese kung-fu expert Larry Chin played by Alan Tang to fight a drug ring. Internet Movie Database Dynamite Brothers Larry Chin is in the U.S. trying to find his older brother but not before he is captured as an illegan alien by a crooked cop "Burke" played by Aldo Ray. Larry Chin is handcuffed to Stud Brown who was in custody and the two of them escape and end up in Watts.COLLAMER-JONES.COM The Dynamite Brother The film was also released in some countries with various titles such as Stud Brown, Killing Of A Chinese Bookie etc.'] ['The film is set in Ming Dynasty, China. Ah Long  is the town bully, known for his boorish manners and reckless attitude which have endeared him to no one, save his sister Feng  who has a curious penchant for cross-dressing. It is apparent early on that both these siblings are such misfits they have virtually no prospect of marriage. Faye Wong is cast as a runaway princess who is dressed as a man, a disguise which fools both Long and Feng. Long immediately decides that he likes his new-found friend so much that he will entrust his sister\'s hand in marriage to "him". The princess, of course, cannot marry another woman and tried to fend off Long\'s suggestions of a match; but also, she is attracted to Long. Emperor Zheng De  also leaves his palace temporarily in order to search for his missing sister. He dresses like a commoner and by a twist of fate meets Feng. He is smitten with Feng, and begins to court her, while keeping his imperial identity secret from her. His motives for leaving the palace also included the fact that he is unhappy and lonely at court and wants to escape the smothering influence of the Empress Dowager , his mother, who plays a dictatorial role in the actions of her son. A convoy of imperial guards try to protect him while he is out in town and bring the Emperor back to the palace, but unsuccessfully. The Princess is also assisted by her "fairy godmother"  in marrying her match. The Empress Dowager hears of her wayward children and storms Long\'s house, where her children are holed up, only to hear that they wish to marry two commoners with unwholesome and eccentric tendencies. The Emperor is adamant about marrying Feng and the Empress Dowager relents, but Long is unable to pass a "ring test" to prove he is the destined one and the Empress Dowager forbids his marriage to her daughter. All ends well, however. After a separation, Long is enlightened by the "fairy godmother" and passes the "ring test". He is reunited with the Princess, the Empress Dowager accepts him, and happiness reigns.'] ["ProductionCast Theme song Receptionhttp://www.avclub.com/articles/with-a-whimper-not-a-bang-15-particularly-depressi,29453|titleAV Club}} The action directed by Sammo Hung for the scenes with the Bruce Lee lookalikes and the footage that Bruce Lee shot for the original footage with the final three fights helped to alleviate the movie's problems. Apart from the cheesy techniques used to disguise the fact that Bruce Lee was being played by stand-ins, the movie enjoyed respectable production values.<ref name Game of Death, Bey Logan audio commentary disc one  | medium  Hong Kong Legends, UK | date 2051 Review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes reports the film as holding an overall 75% approval rating based on 8 reviews, of these six were fresh and two were rotten."] ["After a series of lion dances in the opening minutes, Wong Fei Hung and his once-rival, now friend, find themselves and their martial arts schools pitted against a rival school which uses a kung fu expert Master Shan from the north to do their dirty work, although the expert doesn't realize he is being evil . After his friend Chu-Ying's brother is beat up in a brothel, Fei Hung goes to the rival school to confront them and Master Shan. There is also a mass kung fu “war” in a local theater which is the second highlight of the film, the first being an excellent fight in an alley between Fei Hung and Master Shan. This may be the only role in which Wang Lung Wei as the hero from the north isn't a villain. He fights Wong Fei Hung but once he discovers that he has been tricked by the bad school, he refuses to help them anymore."] ["A young child is stranded in Tonga when his plane crashes and his father is eaten by a fish. He trains in a dojo till he becomes the Tongan Ninja. The Tongan Ninja is dispatched to the island nation of New Zealand in order to help a brother of his master with his floundering Chinese restaurant. But the mysterious Mister Big stands in the eatery's way as he sends numerous villains such as Knife Man, Gun Man, and the super-sexy Action Fighter who may know a lot about the hero."] ["Police officer Kit  leaves his job after his family is killed by a terrorist named The Doctor. Kit becomes a bodyguard for movie star Frankie  who is reported to perform his own stunts. The report is untrue; Frankie is a drunken womanizer incapable of performing the stunts, and Kit performs them for him. Frankie attends a gala event in a high-rise hotel where The Terrorist shows up and takes everyone hostage. Kit has an opportunity to face his family's killer and save Frankie and the rest of the hostages.{{cite web}}"] ['Fatty and Baldy are a pair of detectives dealing with a crime syndicate of triad gangsters. After a jewellery robbery, they later find Lai , a woman who is associated with the gangsters, but end up getting themselves into trouble for going into the women\'s changing room. The gang leader, Wing , learns that one of his henchman, Johnny , has leaked his secrets so he is beaten up by the gang. During their investigation of the Lai\'s house, things go very wrong for Fatty and Baldy, and they end up imitating robbers in order to escape from the gang. They steal her car and have a brief chase from the gangsters. Later that night, Lai calls Fatty and arranges a meeting at an abandoned warehouse. At the location another fight ensues, followed by a chase of Lai\'s boss, "Prince" Tak , and Fatty ends up ruining the English Deputy Commissioner\'s wedding. Fatty and Baldy are ordered to leave Hong Kong while things settle down, so they head to Singapore. However, Lai, who has turned against her gang, is then killed by a pair of transsexual assassins. When Fatty is about to have dinner with Baldy and his girlfriend , he inadvertently ruins their relationship. So the pair have dinner outside, leading to another confrontation. Baldy deals with two English henchmen, whilst Fatty is fighting the transsexual assassins. In the aftermath of the event, Fatty\'s father and Baldy\'s girlfriend are hospitalised. Realising they will never have peace until Wing is stopped, they apprehend Tak\'s brother at an abandoned warehouse full of gas cylinders. The plan goes sour, leading to a final confrontation with the gangsters. The two English henchmen try to take down Baldy while Fatty uses nunchaku. At the final moment, Tak fires his gun, he hits the gas cylinders and Baldy and Fatty escape.'] ['The film begins during the French Revolution with the aged Marquis d\'Apcher  as the narrator, writing his memoirs in a castle, while the voices of a mob can be heard from outside. The film flashes back to 1764http://www.imdb.com/reviews/303/30329.html when a mysterious beast terrorized the province of Gévaudan and nearby lands. Grégoire de Fronsac , a knight and the royal taxidermist of King Louis XV of France, and his Iroquois companion Mani , arrive in Gévaudan to capture the beast. Upon arrival, they rescue Jean Chastel, an aged healer , and his daughter  from an attack by soldiers. The young and enlightened Thomas, Marquis d\'Apcher , befriends them and assists their investigation. Fronsac is initially skeptical about the beast\'s existence, since survivors describe it as much larger than any wolf he has ever seen. However, by studying the bite size on a victim of the beast, he deduces that it must weigh roughly 500&nbsp;lb . Captain Duhamel , an army officer leading the hunt for the beast, has killed dozens of ordinary wolves, but has not come close to the actual killer. While staying in Gévaudan, Fronsac romances Marianne de Morangias , the daughter of a local count, whose brother, Jean-François , was also an avid hunter and a world traveler, before losing one arm to a lion in Africa. Fronsac is also intrigued by Sylvia , an Italian courtesan at the local brothel. While investigating another victim, Fronsac finds a fang made of steel, and his doubts of the Beast\'s existence thicken. Another witness swears that the Beast is controlled by a human master. Fronsac studies the patterns of the attacks and victims, trying to find a common thread and reveal a murderer. As the investigation proves to be unfruitful, the king\'s weapons master, Lord de Beauterne , arrives to put an end to the Beast. But instead of doing so, Beauterne kills an ordinary wolf and tells Fronsac to alter the corpse so it resembles the monster accordingly. Fronsac hesitantly does so, and the bogus wolf is sent back to Paris, where it is put on display, much to the pleasure of the king and the French aristocracy.  In Paris, the king\'s advisor shows Fronsac a copy of a book titled L\'Édifiante ["The Edifying"] with treasonous theories, stating the Beast has come to punish the King of France for his indulgence of the philosophers, and that the modern embrace of science over religion is heresy. Fronsac realizes that the Beast is an instrument of a secret society, The Brotherhood of the Wolf, working to undermine public confidence in the king and ultimately take over the country. Fronsac is told that "officially" the Beast is dead, warned to keep his mouth shut, and bribed with an appointment to travel to Senegal. Back in Gévaudan, the attacks by the real Beast continue. Ignoring his orders, Fronsac returns to Gévaudan, determined to put an end to the Beast\'s killings, and also to take Marianne away. Upon his return, the Beast attacks and he sees it with his own eyes. It kills a man, but mysteriously refrains from attacking Marianne. Fronsac, Mani, and the Marquis set out into the forest and set up an array of traps to capture the Beast, but it proves to be too powerful and intelligent to be captured by anything they can set up. After a violent encounter, Mani sets off solo in pursuit, where he finds a catacomb used as the Beast\'s holding pen, inhabited by the Brotherhood and a band of Gypsies working with them. These include, ironically, Chastel, the Beast\'s tender, and his daughter, whom Mani saved. Outnumbered and distracted by the daughter, Mani is shot in the back, overwhelmed and killed, but not before slaughtering a good number of his attackers. Fronsac is broken when he discovers his best friend has been murdered. Performing an autopsy, he finds a silver bullet, Jean-François\'s signature weapon. In a fit of rage he goes to the catacombs and seeks revenge, finding a pile of copies of L\'Édifiante. He kills many of the Gypsies and discovers the Beast\'s lair before leaving so that he can burn Mani\'s body at dawn. After collecting Mani\'s ashes, he is then overpowered by the local authorities and imprisoned. Sylvia visits him in jail and reveals to him that she is a spy for the Vatican. The local priest, Henri Sardis , is the leader of the Brotherhood, believing that he is restoring worship of God to France. Pope Clement XIII has decided that Sardis is insane, and sent her to eliminate him. She then poisons Fronsac, telling him he knows too much. Fronsac is presumed dead, and buried, when in fact Sylvia\'s poison has only put him into a temporary coma. Henri Sardis wants to kill Marianne, and he persuades Jean-François to do so . Jean-François comes to Marianne\'s room and reveals to her that he is the Beast\'s master; it recognized his scent when it came near her, which is why it did not attack. He also reveals that his right arm is in fact intact, albeit badly scarred, and he has kept it hidden for no apparent reason other than to fool the audience . Jean-François then rapes and nearly kills Marianne. Sylvia\'s agents exhume Fronsac and he appears at one of the Brotherhood\'s secret sermons. In the climactic battle, he kills several Gypsies and duels Jean-François to the death. The other members of the Brotherhood attempt to flee, but they are corralled and arrested by Captain Duhamel and his men. Sylvia personally kills the Chastel\'s daughter. Sardis escapes into the mountains, but is mauled to death by a pack of wolves , in an example of poetic justice. Fronsac attempts to heal Marianne with a potion carried by Mani. He and the marquis Thomas go to the Beast\'s lair, where being tended to by the veterinarian, it lies grievously wounded after the fight in the forest. It turns out the Beast was an offspring of a "strange beast" that Jean-François brought back from Africa . It was tortured into becoming vicious, trained to attack humans, and dressed in metal armor plating and spikes along with a large mask and metal implants in its jaw to make it more formidable and frightening. Fronsac takes pity on the dying creature and kills the Beast in an act of mercy. The film then returns to the opening time period of the French Revolution. The now-elderly Marquis d\'Apcher finishes writing his account of the killings, just before he is led to his execution by a revolutionary mob. In the final scene, the Marquis has a flashback, in which he narrates that he does not know what happened to Fronsac and Marianne but he hopes that somewhere, they are happy together. Fronsac is shown traveling to Senegal with Marianne to start a new life together, scattering Mani\'s ashes at sea. It is left unstated whether the two are alive and happy or whether this is indeed the Marquis\' dream.'] ['Sing  is a master of Shaolin kung fu, whose goal in life is to promote the spiritual and practical benefits of the art to modern society. He experiments with various methods to inform the modern world about shaolin kung fu, some of which include comedic song and dance routines, but none bear positive results. He then meets "Golden Leg" Fung , a legendary Hong Kong soccer star in his day, who is now walking with a limp, following the treachery of a former teammate Hung, now a rich businessman. Sing explains his desires to promote the modern uses of kung fu to Fung, who initially is unconvinced with Sing\'s idea and brushes off his pleas. When Fung realizes Sing has superior muscular power in his right foot, however, he offers his services to coach Sing in soccer. Sing is compelled by the idea of promoting kung fu through soccer and agrees to enlist his former Shaolin brothers to form a team under Fung\'s management. Reuniting with his fellow Shaolin brothers, who have since led separate and busy lives, Sing and Fung attempt to put together an unbeatable soccer team, albeit after much persuasion and initial rejection by the other brothers. However, Fung is keen on proving his skills, and in order to turn Sing and his players into real soccer athletes, he invites a vicious team, consisting of local thugs  to play against them in an exhibition match; rather than score points, the thugs proceed to give the Shaolin team a brutal beating. When all seems lost, the Shaolin disciples reawaken and utilize their special powers, dismantling the other team\'s rough play easily. The thugs then give up, and ask to join Sing\'s team.  Before Sing plays soccer, he meets Mui , a female baker with severe acne who uses T\'ai chi to make mantou. Despite her appearance, Sing regularly visits her and even takes Mui to look at very expensive dresses at a high-end department store after hours. The theme from Stephen Chow\'s earlier King of Comedy is also playing in the background as store music. She soon forms an attachment to Sing and even gets a makeover in an attempt to impress Sing. However, this backfires when the excessive amount of make-up used  gives her an almost ghoul-like appearance. When Mui reveals her feelings to Sing, he tells her he only wants to be her friend. This revelation, coupled with the constant bullying from her overbearing boss, leads Mui to disappear.  The newly formed Team Shaolin enters the open cup competition in Hong Kong, where they chalk up successive and often ridiculous one-sided victories. They end up meeting \'Team Evil in the final. Team Evil, helmed by none other than Fung\'s old nemesis, Hung, who assembled a squad of players who have been injected with an American drug, granting them superhuman strength and speed, making them practically invincible. Team Shaolin, which had steamrolled their earlier opponents, are brought back to reality when Team Evil\'s amazing capabilities prove more than a match for them. At a critical moment, when Team Shaolin\'s Empty Hand and Iron Shirt are severely injured during the match, Mui reappears with her head shaven and her face free of acne to keep goal for Team Shaolin. In preparation for his final and most powerful attack, Team Evil\'s striker leaps into the sky and summons dark demonic energy, turning the ball into a glowing orb. Mui slowly takes up the T\'ai chi single whip posture to guard against the threat and channels her qi in the form of a Yin-yang symbol. When he kicks the fiery ball, it explodes towards Mui, but she leaps back and redirects the attack by twirling around and spinning it on her finger. Mui and Sing combine their martial skills and rocket the ball down field with so much force that it creates a horizontal tornado, which tears the ground and sucks up everything in its path. The ball plows through Team Evil\'s goal post and destroys half of the stadium. The scene pans out with Sing being thrown into the air in celebration as the trophy is presented to him and his team. A newspaper article then shows, Hung being stripped of his title of soccer chairman and sent to jail for five years, while Team Evil players are permanently banned from playing soccer professionally. With people all over the world becoming aware of and practicing kung fu in their daily lives, Sing\'s dream is finally fulfilled.'] ['An intertitle displays the proverb "Revenge is a dish best served cold".This is credited in the opening sequence as "Old Klingon Proverb". The concept embodied in the proverb has been in the English language since at least 1846, when the phrase "revenge is very good eaten cold"  appeared in an English translation of a French novel.{{cite book}} A pregnant woman , known as "The Bride", lies badly wounded at her wedding, telling an unseen Bill  that she is carrying his baby. Bill then shoots her in the head. However, it is later revealed that she miraculously survives the headshot, but was left comatose for four years. The Bride\'s second revenge killing is shown some time after her recovery. The Bride finds Vernita Green  at her home and fights her, but they cease after Vernita\'s young daughter Nikki arrives from school. It is revealed that both women are former members of the Deadly Viper Assassination Squad, elite assassins under the employ of Bill. Bill and the Deadly Vipers had attacked The Bride and her wedding. While the two women are talking in the kitchen during their truce, Vernita attempts to kill The Bride with a revolver hidden in a box of "Kaboom" cereal. The shot misses the Bride, who retaliates with a throwing knife to Vernita\'s chest, and she dies slowly. When the Bride notices Nikki standing in the doorway, she offers Nikki revenge should she seek it as an adult, then leaves. The Bride then strikes Vernita\'s name off a checklist; the name "O-Ren Ishii" has already been crossed out. Going back to the time of her coma, another member of the Deadly Vipers, the one-eyed Elle Driver , enters The Bride\'s hospital room where she lies comatose, and prepares a lethal injection. Driver is interrupted by Bill on the phone, who states they will take action only if she wakes. Four years later, the Bride awakens and is horrified to discover that she is no longer pregnant. Meanwhile, she learns that a hospital worker named Buck has been raping her in her comatose state, and accepting cash from those who wish the chance to do the same. While a trucker is preparing to assault her, the Bride bites off his tongue and kills him. She then incapacitates and kills Buck by repeatedly smashing his head between a door and its jamb, and steals Buck\'s truck. She swears revenge, and picks her first target: O-Ren Ishii , who has since become the leader of the Tokyo yakuza. Once she recovers, the Bride travels to Okinawa to obtain a sword from legendary swordsmith Hattori Hanzō , who has sworn never to forge a sword again. After learning that her target is his former student, Bill, he agrees he is morally obligated to forge his finest sword for her. The Bride tracks down O-Ren at a Tokyo nightclub, challenging her to a fight and severing the arm of Sofie Fatale , O-Ren\'s assistant and a protégée of Bill\'s. She then fights off O-Ren\'s Yakuza army, including the elite "Crazy 88" squad and O-Ren\'s personal bodyguard, 17-year-old sadist Gogo Yubari , before dueling O-Ren in a snow-draped Japanese garden and killing her. She finally tortures Sofie into revealing information about Bill, leaving Sofie alive to tell Bill that the Bride is coming to kill him and the others. Bill asks Sofie whether the Bride knows that her daughter is, in fact, still alive.'] [' Bruce Lee is assigned to go undercover as Lee Min-Chin to investigate a drug ring. The mob hires an assassin to kill him. They are both great at what they do; as they fight to the death only one will come out alive.http://movies.yahoo.com/movie/1802814630/info'] ["Clarence Mumford is a Robitussin addict living with his parents. He is on a quest to become a ninja master much to the dismay of his parents. He leaves the house to visit his girlfriend Shotsi, only for her to cheat on him with a few other guys, who beat him up. After leaving Shotsi's apartment, he notices a flier advertising Dr. Death's dojo. Upon entering the dojo, he meets Dr. Death. After a brief discussion, Dr. Death offers to shake Clarence's hand, only to twist his arm and tell him to trust nobody, not even his own guru. That night, Clarence experiences a dream in which an old martial arts master from Korea tells him to fly to Korea and train. The next morning Clarence departs for the airport, flies to Korea, and meets the old master that he saw in his dream the previous night. The master trains Clarence with sparring and meditation. After finishing the training, Clarence returns to Shotsi's apartment in America to challenge Dr. Death to a fight that takes the two throughout the city and back to the apartment. Upon returning, Dr. Death holds Shotsi at knife-point. After channeling the master for help, Clarence receives a bike, which he uses to ride into Dr. Death, splitting him in half and killing him. After he wins, Shotsi leaps into Clarence's arms and the master appears right before him, telling him that he has to do one more thing before becoming a ninja warrior. The master tells Clarence that he did the right thing after he literally dumps Shotsi."] ["Ah To  is a Kung Fu student. His rich father has set up an arranged marriage for him with the daughter of a Japanese business associate. Ah To initially objects and feigns illness, but soon thereafter agrees to the marriage when he finds bride to be, Yumiko Kōda , is attractive. After the wedding, he finds out that she is also a martial artist. Ah To finds her style of karate to be violent, unladylike, and potentially immodest and tries to persuade her to learn feminine but also effectual styles of Chinese kung-fu. She is later offended during an argument over which nation has the superior martial arts styles and eventually goes back to Japan. When he travels to Japan to entreat Kung Zi to be reconciled with her husband, Ah To's father finds Kung Zi in training by her childhood friend and rather too attentive martial arts sensei Takeno. As a ruse to bring her back to China, Ah To sends her a letter challenging Japanese martial arts and their inferiority to their Chinese roots. Ah To hopes that the letter will infuriate Kung Zi enough to return to prove that her Japanese styles are as good as the Chinese ones. Once back in China, Ah To hopes to reconcile with her. But the plan backfires when Takeno reads the letter instead of Kung Zi. Takeno reads the challenge as an affront to Japanese martial arts and declares its contents with other Japanese martial-arts masters who travels to China to take up Ah To's challenge. In the first duel, Ah To misinterprets a respectful gesture from the Japanese fighter and thus further antagonizes the Japanese contingent. Due to this cultural misunderstanding, the Japanese no longer treat the subsequent duels as exhibitions of their styles but rather as all-out fights. Kung Zi, seeing the gravity of the situation, helps out Ah To by warning him of Takeno's mastery of ninjutsu."] [' Three thousand years ago, a warlord named Yaotl and his four generals discover a portal opening into a parallel universe which is said to have a great power. The warlord becomes immortal from the power, but his four generals are turned to stone. The portal releases 13 immortal monsters that destroy Yaotl\'s army as well as his enemies. In the present, the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles have grown apart. After defeating the Shredder, Master Splinter has sent Leonardo to Central America for training. Donatello works as an IT specialist, Michelangelo works as a birthday party entertainer called "Cowabunga Carl" and Raphael fights crime at night as the vigilante "Nightwatcher". April O\'Neil operates a company that locates and acquires relics for collectors with the help of her boyfriend, Casey Jones. During a business trip to Central America, April tells Leonardo that the turtles have drifted apart. April returns to New York with a statue for her client, Max Winters, the CEO of a financial empire. Leo stows away on a plane and also returns. April and Casey deliver the statue to Winters. Winters hires Karai and the Foot Clan to search the city for the 13 beasts before the portal opens again. Raphael encounters Casey, who reveals his knowledge of Raphael\'s double identity and joins him in hunting criminals. Winters who is actually the Warlord Yaotl who is still immortal, reanimates his generals with advanced technology, but they remain made of stone. Leo returns to the sewer, meeting Splinter. Splinter forbids the Turtles from fighting until they can act as a team again. While training, the Turtles encounter one of the thirteen beasts battling the Foot Clan. The Turtles engage the beast, going against Leo and Splinter\'s orders, and are defeated after the monster is captured. When Raphael visits Casey, they encounter one of the monsters and witness its capture by the Foot and the Stone Generals. The Generals spot them and Raphael is knocked unconscious. When a police helicopter forces one of the generals to flee, Casey takes Raphael back to the apartment while April calls the Turtles for help. While examining Raphael, they learn the identities of Yaotl and his Generals from April. After being revived, Raphael suggests they pursue Yaotl. Leo forbids him to go until Splinter gives out the order and Raphael goes out to investigate alone. Leo, Donny and Mikey return to their sewer home to plan their next move, where Donny discovers the reopening of the portal will be directly over Winters\' tower. Splinter tells Leo that his team is incomplete, and that he knows what he must do. 11 monsters have been captured, and General Aguila questions Yaotl\'s actions. Thinking their leader intends to betray them, the Generals conspire to betray Yaotl, wanting to remain immortal. Raphael encounters one of the remaining monsters but drives it off. Leo fights Raph, but when he breaks Leo\'s twin swords, Raphael is forced to leave. The Stone Generals seize Leo, intending to substitute him for the thirteenth missing beast. Raphael decides to make amends by rescuing Leo. Splinter and the Turtles, accompanied by Casey and April, travel to Winters\'  tower. As the portal opens, Yaotl discovers the treachery of his generals, and the Turtles, along with April, Casey and Splinter, get inside the tower. Yaotl is knocked out by his generals, but he quickly regains consciousness. He reveals the truth to the heroes: he wants to return the monsters to the portal so that he will be free of his curse of immortality. The Generals reveal that they wish to preserve their immortality, but also to use the portal to bring in more monsters to conquer the world. Having refused to betray Yaotl in exchange for serving the Generals, April, Casey and the Foot Clan work together, searching for the final monster while the Turtles fight the Generals. Splinter and Yaotl fight off numerous monsters emerging from the portal. April, Casey and Karai arrive at the tower with the thirteenth monster. The monster crashes into the Stone Generals, dragging them into the portal before it closes. Karai warns them to enjoy their victory while it lasts, claiming they will soon contend with a familiar foe. She and the rest of the Foot Clan depart. Yaotl, now mortal, honors the Turtles and Splinter, thanking them for fulfilling his wish before disappearing. Splinter places Yaotl\'s helmet among his trophy collection, as well as Raphael\'s "Nightwatcher" helmet and Michelangelo\'s turtle costume and the film ends with Raphael narrating that the Turtles will always be brothers as the four of them jump across the rooftops of New York City.'] ["The story centers around ex-kickboxing champion turned sports photographer, Max Havoc. Max finds himself in Guam for a publicity photo shooting. Max' helpful ways land him in the lives of the vacationing sisters Jane and Christy Goody, who have acquired a rare jade dragon. This dragon happens to belong to the ruthless Japanese yakuza who will stop at nothing to get it back."] ["After a kung-fu master is killed by his students and his wife forced into suicide, their son  must run for his life. Eventually, Lao discovers a hermit who has history in Shaolin and drunken kung-fu and is taught kung-fu. To avenge his parents, Lao kidnaps the daughter of one of the men who betrayed his father in hope of luring him out. Through the process of defeating his minions Lao befriends a one-handed fighter out for similar revenge, and the daughter falls in love with Lao. Lao and the one-handed man team-up in a final battle to the death. When the fight is over the daughter commits suicide in grievance of her father's past deeds, death & Lao's role in them both."] ["Mainly Betty Ting's story. Opens with Betty and Bruce rolling around in bed around the time he died. Continues with Betty telling her story to a bartender, beginning when she was a loner schoolgirl. She meets Bruce when he saves her from a beating one night and gives her some money......"] ['The plot involves Steve Chase ([[James Ryan , trying to stop the evil Marduk from amassing an army of mind-controlled karate slaves and taking over the world. Steve is assisted by Gorilla, the strongman ; Gypsy Billy, the "former champion of the world", Norman Robinson; The Fly, the mystic , and Hotdog, the gimmicky weapon-expert and theoretical comic relief . Also on Steve\'s team is Kandy Kane , a woman claiming to be the daughter of Dr. Kane, who invented the potato-based mind-control serum that Marduk uses on his army. The movie is characterized by confusing dialogue and a plot that\'s largely taken from Bruce Lee films , although the martial arts scenes are considered by some to be surprisingly accurate  ignoring the constant backflips Steve Chase uses to get anywhere.'] [' The story is set in the Valley of Peace, a fictional land in ancient China inhabited by anthropomorphic animals. Po, a panda, is a kung fu fanatic who idolizes the Furious Five—Tigress, Monkey, Mantis, Viper, and Crane—a quintet of kung fu masters trained by the red panda Master Shifu to protect the valley. Because he works in his goose{{cite video}} father Mr. Ping\'s noodle restaurant, Po has been unable to achieve his dream of becoming a kung fu master himself. One day, Shifu\'s mentor, the old tortoise Oogway, has a vision that the evil snow leopard Tai Lung, will escape from prison and return to the Valley of Peace to take revenge for being denied the Dragon Scroll, which is said to hold the secret to limitless power. Shifu is greatly alarmed, and sends his messenger, Zeng, to prevent Tai Lung\'s escape. He then holds a kung fu tournament for the Furious Five so that Oogway may identify the legendary Dragon Warrior, the one kung fu master worthy of receiving the Dragon Scroll and capable of defeating Tai Lung. Forced to take a cumbersome noodle cart to the tournament, Po arrives after the doors to the arena close and is unable to enter. Desperate to see the Dragon Warrior be chosen, Po straps himself to a set of fireworks and rockets into the sky. Po crashes into the middle of the arena at the moment when Oogway is to point out the Dragon Warrior. To the surprise of everyone present, Oogway chooses Po. Unwilling to believe that a "big, fat panda" could be the Dragon Warrior, Shifu tries to dispatch Po by ridiculing him into quitting his training with the Furious Five, who similarly despise and mock Po for his lack of skill in kung fu. However, after receiving helpful advice from Oogway, Po endures his grueling training and slowly begins to endear himself to the Five with his tenacity, culinary skill, and good humor. It is only then that Po discovers who Tai Lung really is. He is Shifu\'s adopted son, who Shifu loved very dearly. However, after Oogway refused him the Dragon Scroll he turned on the valley and his masters, and Shifu was left extremely embittered and now treats The Five, including Tigress, his foster daughter, distantly and harshly so that history won\'t repeat itself. Meanwhile, Tai Lung escapes from prison as foreseen by Oogway, ironically picking his locks with a feather from Zeng. Shifu learns of Tai Lung\'s escape and informs Oogway, who extracts a promise from Shifu to train Po and then ascends to heaven in a cloud of peach blossoms. Still unable to grasp the basics of kung fu and confessing a crippling self-loathing, Po despairs that he has no chance of defeating Tai Lung. Shifu, however, discovers that Po is capable of impressive physical feats when motivated by food, as proved when he somehow ascends ten feet to a high shelf to retrieve some almond cookies. Using food as positive reinforcement, Shifu successfully trains Po to incorporate these feats into a makeshift yet effective kung fu style, which also improves the giant panda\'s strength of spirit. At the same time, the Furious Five set out to stop Tai Lung themselves, only to be overwhelmed and defeated by Tai Lung\'s nerve strikes. Shifu decides that Po is ready to receive the Dragon Scroll, but the scroll reveals nothing but a blank, reflective surface. In despair, Shifu orders Po and the Five to evacuate the valley while he delays Tai Lung as long as possible in a fight to the death. Distraught, The Five and Po follow Shifu\'s direction, even though they know he won\'t come out alive. Po finds his father who, in an attempt to console him, reveals that the long-withheld secret ingredient to his famous "secret ingredient soup" is nothing, explaining that things become special if people believe them to be. Realizing that this concept is the entire point of the Dragon Scroll, Po returns to confront Tai Lung, who has reached the palace and gravely injured Shifu, very nearly killing him. Po proves to be a formidable challenge for Tai Lung as he tries to protect the Dragon Scroll, especially as Po\'s fat renders Tai Lung\'s nerve strikes useless, and Po\'s unorthodox style is deeply confusing to his traditionally-trained enemy. Though the Dragon Scroll eventually falls into Tai Lung\'s hands, he is unable to understand or accept its symbolic meaning, and Po ultimately defeats him using the secret Wuxi Finger Hold. Po is praised by the Valley of Peace and earns the respect of the Furious Five, who fully acknowledge him as a true kung fu master. Po finds a half dead Shifu, who finally expresses his belief in him, and finally attains inner peace, knowing that his mistake has been corrected and that the valley is safe once more.'] ['The Shadow Men are immortal beings of darkness and destruction. One such Shadow Man, Os , is confronted by the White Warrior, a being of light, and given the chance to change his ways or die. After the White Warrior bests Os in combat, she opens his heart to the power of love, and charges him to find the warriors who are the representation of the five elements and will save the world from the threat of the Shadow Men and their leader, Slate. Os travels the world to find these warriors - these "elements" - who will be known by the fact that they are all protectors. He must hurry before the Shadow Men find them. Ray Jackson, the representation of the element of Fire, is a young, brash, African-American soldier recently dishonorably discharged from the US Army. Michael Fu, the representation of Water, is a Chinese bodyguard assigned to protect a witness in a high-profile case. Serena Blue, the representation of Air , is a police officer investigating an Asian cartel. Keith Grady, the representation of Metal , is a high-tech, modern-day Robin Hood from Australia who robs from corporations and rich individuals to give to the needy, such as the orphanage he grew up in. The four quickly learn two very important things; they are becoming what is known as "hyper-humans", beings with capabilities beyond normal, and that they had a fifth fellow element, a man who was the representation of Wood and that Os killed before his dramatic change of heart. Taking the four surviving warriors under his wing, Os begins to teach them how to use their powers: enhanced strength, speed, agility, stamina, and psychic awareness to name a few. They have little time, as the Shadow Men have become aware of their presence and are stepping up their efforts. Slate has found a tablet that is said to carry within it the very power of the universe. Within a few days, he will translate it and be able to open a portal to the other world the Shadow Men came from 2000 years ago, destroying the world in the process. A brief battle shows the four warriors that they are no match for the Shadow Men. Following this and a psychic attack from Slate while in their hideout, Michael nearly dies. The other three, with Os\' help, are able to bring him back and heal him, yet another of their powers. This opens their minds to the full extent of their abilities, and they redouble their efforts to prepare for the coming battle. Os and the four warriors use their psychic insight to pinpoint where the portal will open. They arrive to meet the four Shadow Men who fought them before.  This time, however, the four warriors are more than ready, and their fight commences. No matter how many times they are beaten back, the Shadow Men still manage to get up and press the attack. Using archaic weapons that Os gave them, the four warriors summon forth a lightning storm and project it into the Shadow Men, killing them instantly. Os proceeds into a nearby building to attack Slate. The two Shadow Men fight, but Slate gains the upper hand and manages to activate the power of the tablet. The floor is torn up as the portal begins to open. Os sees his chance and opens his heart up and unleashes the same power that the White Warrior used on him. Slate is immediately struck with a powerful image of all the goodness left in the world, nullifying his dark powers. Without Slate\'s will to maintain it, the portal collapses and the tablet shatters on the ground. The four enter the building to find Os the victor. Not only that, but Slate has been turned into an ordinary human being, making him no match for any of them. In their mercy, they allow Slate to leave. Os then tells the others it is time to say goodbye. The others then ask where he is going. He replies, "I\'m not going anywhere, but I\'ll be everywhere. That\'s the theory, at least." Telling the four that he is proud of them and that they should search for others who will become warriors, Os steps away and is absorbed into pure light and vanishes. The movie ends with the four elements walking toward the sunrise with Os\' words echoing in their minds.'] ['The "bujang lapok" trio  of Ramli, Sudin and Ajis are in the middle of travelling and are waiting at a jetty for a boat to arrive and lead them across the river. The boat company is owned by a rich man named Ahmad Nisfu, who uses thugs to run the business and keep "commoners" in line. The thugs only allow certain people to take the boats early, while others have to wait a long time. An old man named Pendekar Mustar wants to cross the river, but he is ill-treated by the thugs. When he continues to insist to be allowed to cross the river, he is dragged away to be beaten up, but he defeats all the younger and more well-built thugs successfully. Ramli, Sudin and Ajis are impressed by Pendekar Mustar\'s abilities and decide to follow him. They eventually meet Pendekar Mustar face-to-face and request that they be taught silat, the martial art that Pendekar Mustar used to defeat the thugs. Pendekar Mustar welcomes the boys and starts to teach them the art of silat, only to find out that they are all illiterate. He sends them to school where Pendekar Mustar\'s daughter, Ros, teaches them how to learn to read and write. Later, Ahmad Nisfu arrives at Pendekar Mustar\'s house with his thugs. He wants to claim damages for the ruckus that Pendekar Mustar caused, but before he can ask for them, he sees Ros, changes his mind, and then asks Pendekar Mustar for her hand in marriage. Pendekar Mustar refuses, and the bujang lapok trio chase the thugs away. One night, Pendekar Mustar sends the boys to meditate at a nearby cemetery. He says that whatever happens, the boys must concentrate on their training. Coincidentally, on that night itself Ahmad Nisfu\'s thugs kidnap Ros. They pass the cemetery but the boys ignore her, thinking that it is just another test. It takes Pendekar Mustar\'s wife to convince the boys to rescue Ros from Ahmad Nisfu. They do defeat the thugs but not in the manner taught by Pendekar Mustar.'] ["Released on parole after serving four of seven years in prison for second degree manslaughter, John Brickner  moves to Seattle, where he gets a job as a construction worker during the day and a bouncer at a bar at night. One day, after work, he meets up with Veronica Reynolds , the widow of the man he killed in self-defense. It is revealed that she petitioned to have John released on parole following numerous apology letters he had written to her over the years. She also tells him that her eight-year-old daughter Sarah is in need of a heart transplant, and he should be the one to cover the US$250,000 operation. With the help of bar waitress Frankie , John locates fight promoter Reno Paulsaint , whom he had initially rejected a job offer. When he realizes that the job is in the world of underground fighting, he once again declines the offer, despite Reno telling him he can score six-figure earnings in the business. The next day, he is fired from his construction work, but he saves his boss from a heart attack. Later that night, he decides to enter the fighting tournament, defeating his first opponent. John continues to fight for Reno and Frankie and rise up in the ranks and earning thousands. It turns out, however, that Reno owes a syndicate over US$150,000 and must pay them within a week, or they will hurt Frankie - whom he had covered for the debt. After winning a gruelling fight, John rushes Veronica to the hospital after discovering her unconscious in her apartment, having slit her wrists after receiving a notice that an organ donor supplier has denied her request for a donor heart. During a fight, he defeats his opponent, but forfeits the match when he realizes that it is to the death. This results in Reno losing his wager and being roughed up by the syndicate. The next day, John is picked up by a tycoon named Veltz , who turns out to be the owner of his former job. As a token of gratitude for saving his son-in-law's life from a heart attack, Veltz offers to cover John's US$150,000 wager for the main event or to clear Reno's debt. John chooses to clear Reno's debt. The next night, John faces and defeats the defending champion Wendell Timmons . It is revealed that the Deacon , a friend of Reno, covered his stake in the fight. In the end, John covers the payment for Sarah's heart transplant while Reno offers him another deal."] ["LAPD Detective John Kang  dreams of a quiet life with his wife and child, but after a blown surveillance operation, those dreams quickly turn bloody when he is targeted for assassination by a ruthless Cambodian warlord. Plagued by memories of a forgotten childhood and trapped in the middle of a brutal gang war, Kang must fight to save his family as the world's deadliest hitman closes in for the kill."] ["Undercover San Francisco narcotics cops Sean Kane  and Dave Pierce  head into a dark alley to meet up with an informant by the name of Tony Montoya  who promises to break their big investigation wide open by providing the name of the oriental drug ringleader. Minutes later, Pierce is dead after having been shot, hit by a car, and burned. Kane gets into trouble with his boss, Captain Stevens , for sending one of the killers flying out a third story window to his death in full public view right after the incident. Rather than face discipline, and told to keep his distance by his superiors, Kane now decides to quit the force, and sets out to exact vengeance. Kane is not the only one who is angry; Dave’s girlfriend, reporter Linda Chan , is too, and she vows to bring the drug gang down herself by way of investigative reporting and public exposure. However, when Linda uncovers the secret that Kane and Pierce never found, she, too, is killed. Now Kane is not just angry; he is furious, and so is Linda's grieving father James Chan . Kane vows to get to the bottom of things himself and bring down the drug gang, which is led by Morgan Canfield ."] ["Vietnam in 1922 is under colonial French rule, and anti-French rebellions by peasants have emerged all over the country. In response, the French have activated units of Vietnamese secret agents to track and destroy the rebels. One agent is Le Van Cuong. Although branded with a perfect track record, Cuong's inner conscience is troubled by the sea of Vietnamese blood he has spilled. Following an assassination of a high-ranking French official, Cuong is assigned to seek and kill the notorious leader of the resistance. Cuong encounters Vo Thanh Thuy, a relentless revolutionary fighter and the daughter of the rebel leader. She is captured and imprisoned by Cuong's cruel superior, Sy. Cuong suspects that Sy knew about the attack on the French official before it happened, and could have prevented it. Suspicious, he warns Thuy that her organization has a mole, helps break her out of prison and becomes a fugitive himself. Her fiery patriotism inspires Cuong, and he develops feelings for the young woman as well. Meanwhile, Sy is tracking Cuong and Thuy, knowing the pair will lead him to Thuy's father."] ['An environmental holocaust, which happened because the sun created an onslaught of solar flares made up of red-hot, radiation ridden plasma that nearly destroyed Earth. This left the atmosphere ridden with solar radiation and increased the global temperature greatly. Because of this catastrophe, it leaves almost every human on earth dead, devastates the environment, and collapses all of society and the global economy. Crime rates have drastically increased, and the few human beings left have decided to fend for themselves, therefore, much of the world, including America, have become totalitarian governments. The people in control are gangs of rampaging marauders. In post-apocalyptic America, the once sovereign society has become a corrupt, crime ridden totalitarian wasteland. The few remaining citizens are either hiding in devastated urban areas or are in control of by a series of gangs that now rule the cities with an iron fist. A former cop, John Travis, is a martial arts expert and spends his days undercover, walking across the barren urban landscape. Travis is doing his best to maintain some kind of order, despite the fact that the gangs slowly weed each other out by fighting in large arenas to create the most powerful gang that would control the government.'] ["Two cops - Sean  and his partner Billie  are on the front line in the city's never ending war on crime. In addition to the routine small-time robberies they're dealing with on a daily basis, they must face a very dangerous and powerful man called Dalton Rhodes , who's not only a smuggler of guns and stolen luxury cars, but also a master of martial arts. Police are finding one body after another of mafia related people . Sean and Billie have only vague clues in this case and no idea who's actually behind those murders. An aid in solving the riddle is to come from Sean's troubled younger brother Michael, who's found himself working for the mob boss Rhodes. Soon he'll learn that an easy way to get rich is also extremely dangerous and sometimes lethal."] ['Yung Wang Yu stars as Sha Shan, a crafty con-artist who uses his wiles to trick money out of the unsuspecting public while also avoiding those he enrages. One particular escapade sees him make a fool out of a local gang member who also loses a considerable amount of money in the process. Unfortunately this sets into motion a series of events which sees the shamed victim sending his vicious gang out to exact revenge and the wiley young trickster with no option but to run away. During these events, he also meets a dazed amnesiac  he proves himself to be a formidable fighter shortly afterwards and helps his new friend out in a few close escapes from the antagonists. The mystery man - who is actually Ka Yuen, the missing son of a wealthy Admiral - uses his exceptional fighting prowess for good, defeating the oppressive enemies while also dragging the hapless Sha Shan along on a mission to rob the evil to give to the poor.'] ['As the movie opens, Po Sing is waiting for someone unknown in an African-American club when Kai and his Asian henchmen come in and confront the owner of the club and his bouncers. After a brief fight, all are thrown out by the owner before the meeting can take place. The next day, Po is found murdered. Fearing retribution, real estate developer  Isak O’Day arranges for his henchmen to place security on both of his children. Meanwhile, Po’s brother, Han , learns of the murder in the Hong Kong prison where he is serving time. After starting a fight in the mess hall, he escapes from prison by overpowering the guards who took him to an isolation cell for punishment and disguising himself as one of them. Han makes his way to Oakland, where he learns that a gang war seems to have erupted between black and Asian gang families, including both O’Day and Han and Po’s father, Ch’u Sing, even while the two are apparently engaged in a joint business venture. He also learns that his brother called O’Day’s daughter Trish’s record store the day before he was killed. After a chance encounter with her, he follows her and learns that Po may have actually been calling Trish’s brother, Colin. At his brother’s funeral Han confronts his father, blaming him for failing to keep Po safe as he promised he would after he helped the both of them flee to America to escape the Chinese authorities, an action which resulted in his own imprisonment. Han learns that the war is apparently over control of property along the Oakland waterfront. Meanwhile, O’Day also reveals to his son that the deal he is working on will get their family out of the crime business for good, but that he must be careful. However, the apparent war over territory is really a cover for the two sides secretly working together to put together a deal for ownership of a new NFL franchise in Oakland. Colin and his girlfriend are killed by unseen assailants by being thrown out of his high rise apartment window. As Han comforts Trish, he learns that Po had put together a list of businesses that were either destroyed or being threatened with destruction for failing to sell their properties, and that Po was trying to contact Colin to warn him about this. The two visit one of the few remaining properties on the list and learn that the owner, a Chinese man, and his employees have been killed by a Chinese hit team. When Han confronts his father over this, he tries to deflect suspicion by telling him Trish may have been involved. It is revealed that both sides in the fake war are using violence and intimidation to force the owners of all the waterfront properties to relinquish their rights over their properties. As Trish and Han visit the last property on the list, the nightclub where Po originally intended to meet Colin, O’Day’s chief lieutenant Mac and his goons kill the club’s owner and kidnap both Trish and Han, taking them to separate locations. Han escapes by overpowering his guards. Ch’u Sing has the other Chinese crime lords killed, ensuring that he will have control over their business interests. O’Day, Ch’u Sing, and the developer arranging the NFL deal meet at the Oakland Men’s club to provide the deeds for the properties they now control. Sing takes a multi-million dollar payment and leaves, but O’Day refuses his payment, stating that his payment will be in the form of a share of ownership of the new franchise. He is betrayed, however, by Mac, who threatens Trish to force O’Day to hand over the deeds to the developer. O\'Day, enraged by Mac\'s betrayal, grabs a gun and shoots Mac\'s men but is grievously wounded in the process. Han arrives and pursues Mac to the roof of the club. The developer escapes via helicopter, but not before losing all of the deeds after Mac fires repeatedly at the helicopter. Mac reveals to Han that it was Ch’u Sing’s lieutenant Kai who had Po killed, just before Trish kills him. At his father’s house, Han engages in a brutal fight with Kai, finally killing him. He then confronts his father, knowing now that his father had his own son killed "like running over a dog in the street" for no other reason than that he was interfering with a business deal. He tells his father that he will answer for his crimes, either to the American authorities or to the other Chinese families—no one will go to prison for him this time. As Han walks away, his father commits suicide with a handgun. He finds Trish waiting for him outside and the two walk away from the house together.'] ["Immediately after the death of Bruce Lee in Hong Kong, Mr. Colin of the Special Branch of Investigations asks Professor Lucas , a brilliant scientist, to take samples of the late master's brain tissue. Using these samples, Lucas creates three perfect clones of Lee: Bruce Lee 1 , Bruce Lee 2 , and Bruce Lee 3 . They are trained in martial arts by Bolo Yeung and Chiang Tao. The mission of the clones is to fight crime in Southeast Asia. Bruce Lee 1 goes undercover as an actor for a corrupt, gold-smuggling producer who plans to have him die on camera. Meanwhile, the other clones go to Thailand where they meet up with Chuck , a local SBI agent who is not a clone but who also resembles Bruce Lee. They have been assigned to kill Dr. Ngai, a mad scientist who is plotting to take over the world with his army of bronze automatons: men whose skin turns to metal when they are injected with Ngai's special formula. The clones successfully complete their missions and return to Hong Kong. But Professor Lucas, disgruntled because he feels he was not properly rewarded by the SBI for creating the clones, pits them against one another. The professor's female assistants stop the three clones from fighting amongst themselves, and Lucas sends out a small army of men to dispatch the clones. By the end of the film, Bruce Lee 3 has been killed--but so have all of Professor Lucas's henchmen . Bruce Lee 2 finishes off Lucas's personal bodyguard and the professor is arrested."] ['{{Plot}} The film begins with police Inspector Chan Kwok-wing  drinking one whiskey after another. Later, he collapses in an alley, and is found by a stranger, played by Nicholas Tse. The timeline then moves back a year, to show the heroics of Inspector Chan, as he disguises himself as a news cameraman in order to subdue a man holding a woman hostage in Central. Soon after that incident, a group of rebellious youths rob a bank. They explicitly ask a bank worker to call the police, and are confronted by the police outside the Legislative Council building. They play a sadistic game, in which they are awarded money for shooting police officers with assault rifles, before making their escape. Inspector Chan and his squad are called to arrest the gang after their hideout is revealed. However, the hideout is rigged and the ten man police squad fall into various traps one by one. Chan then finds his men in a large warehouse, suspended from the high ceiling by ropes. The gang challenges him to training regimes that are taught to policemen, betting lives of his men each time. Under mental pressure and the taunts of the gang, Chan loses and is left with only his would-be brother-in-law to save, who soon dies nevertheless. He tries to save the bodies of his comrades for burial before explosives blow up the building. Being the sole survivor of the incident, Chan takes a year long leave from the police force, drinking heavily to drown his sorrows and guilt. The timeline jumps back to the present day. The stranger, who first featured at the start, brings him home. When Chan wakes up, the man identifies himself as PC 1667, Frank Cheng , his new partner. Frank tries various means to convince Chan to cancel his leave and take up the case but Chan refuses. However, he comes to his senses eventually by apprehending the same two youths that robbed him. At the police station, Frank tells Chan that he is Kwong\'s younger brother, which convinces Chan to relook into the case. Frank and Chan convinces Sam Wong, a former colleague of Chan, to reveal a clue from the night of the first robbery; a watch which he snatched from one of the robbers. Chan and Frank are tailed by the police as they go in search of the owner of the watch. Sam Wong was also arrested by the police to assist in the investigation. Sam Wong is shot dead by another gang member, Fire, before he manages to identify the robber . Before dying, Wong confesses to Chan that he was blackmailed by the gang into revealing their rigged hideout to Chan\'s team a year ago, due to the bag of money he took from Sue to pay off his debts. Fire and Sue both manage to escape the building, with Chan and Frank pursuing Fire. To distract Chan, Fire shoots at a bus driver, killing him instantly and rendering the bus full of school kids out of control. Chan quickly jumps onto the roof of the bus in an attempt to stop it. After the careening bus has caused a great deal of havoc, Chan finally manages to climb in and hit the brakes, halting it from falling into Victoria Harbour, while Frank rams a truck full of rubber ducks in front of the bus\' path. After the incident, Chan discovers that Frank is not really a policeman, and confronts him. Frank attempts to explain to Chan, but Chan refuses to believe the story. Regardless, they stay together to continue to track the gang leader, Joe. They are informed by Officer Sa Sa that the gang members all come from rich families and the gang leader is actually the son of the police chief. Sue and Fire return to the gang\'s new hideout. Sue is badly wounded, after being shot by Frank earlier. Seeing her injury, Joe shoots and kills her. Joe\'s gang access Chan\'s police file on a computer, with Joe bent on taking revenge. Joe then arranges to meet Chan\'s girlfriend, Ho Yee, in the police station. He wraps a time bomb around her neck before leaving. When Chan learns of the bomb he desperately tries to free her. Ho Yee cuts the wires, with no effect, leading the police to believe that it is a fake. But when the two get ready to leave, a small wire attached to Ho Yee\'s back pulls out the secondary trigger, causing the bomb to explode. Before she can escape, it explodes and some falling pipes land on her, knocking her into a coma. Unfortunately for Chan, he is charged with assisting the impersonation of an officer  and for acting as an officer while under suspension. After Chan and Frank are taunted by Joe\'s gang, Sa Sa and her father, the jailer, release both of them illegally. The two sneak out of the police station, with everyone deliberately ignoring their escape. Police Chief Wong even makes his handgun available to Chan and tells Chan to \'bring it back when you\'re done\'. Chan, Frank, and Sa Sa then go to a computer cafe to find teens playing the game up until they complete the most recent level to find out the gang\'s next target is the Bank of Hong Kong, located in the New Wing of the Convention and Exhibition Centre. A squad of police officers arrive, but this time Chan stops them from rushing in, assigning them the task of calmly escorting the public out of the building. Once the public are moved to safety, the gang members\' parents are sent in, much to their surprise. One of the gang members, Max, is so ashamed of himself that he attempts to run down the escalators to his parents, only to be shot dead by Joe. Afterwards, Chan and Frank run up to engage the three remaining gang members. Frank manages to shoot Fire in the leg with his own gun, disabling him. Chan chases another gang member, Tin Tin, into a Lego exhibition. When the exhibition hall is emptied, Chan reminds him that they had struck a draw the last time they fought. The two engage in hand-to-hand combat, with Chan defeating Tin Tin. Joe then chases Frank into the hall and shoots at him. In the crossfire, Tin Tin is shot in the chest. Joe manages to chase Frank out of the room just moments before the Special Duties Unit of the police arrive. Tin Tin grabs a gun from the floor and points it at Chan\'s back. Chan, oblivious to what\'s happening behind him, calls out to the squad to bring in a medic for the Tin Tin. Contemplating what he has done and how Chan is helping him, Tin Tin decides not to shoot Chan. Chan finds Joe on the roof of the Convention Centre. Having captured and tied up Frank, Joe threatens to throw him to his death. Joe challenges Chan to a race to assemble a semi automatic pistol, a rematch of an earlier challenge, and wagering Frank\'s life in the process. This time, Chan chambers the bullet first thus swiftly wins the game, much to Joe\'s disbelief. A number of policemen arrive on the roof, along with Joe\'s father, the police chief. Joe\'s father reprimands him, while Chan tells Joe that he knows that he doesn\'t hate cops, he merely hates his father for berating him. Due to what Chan and his father have said, Joe finally admits defeat and deliberately unloads the single bullet in his gun and aims the empty gun at Chan for the police to have a cause to kill Joe. Not knowing that Joe\'s gun is empty, a police sniper then fires a round at him, injuring Joe in the process. He weeps and again aims at his father, causing the sniper to fire once more, killing him despite Chan\'s yelling that the gun was empty. Chan rushes to rescue Frank and both of them fall off the building. They eventually land onto a fireman\'s inflated cushion. In the hospital, Ho Yee has recovered and prepares to leave. She is met by several policemen and nurses who persuade her to accept Chan\'s marriage proposal. At first, she tries to hide her facial scars from Chan, but eventually accepts the proposal to the crowd\'s applause. Meanwhile, Frank is led away by Officer Sa Sa. He leaves his jacket on a railing. When Chan looks at the jacket, he suddenly recalls meeting Frank before, and has a flashback to an event from years ago: a homeless man from the mainland arrives without much money, and his son is starving. He tries to steal some food for his son from a 7-Eleven store. While running across the road to escape from the shopkeeper and the police, he is knocked down by a truck and killed. Chan arrives at the scene and uses his jacket to cover the body of the boy\'s father. Chan then buys the boy a loaf of bread. He comforts him, saying that the best thing do is to try to forget the past and look forward to the future. He asks the boy for his name, to which the boy replies, "Frank Cheng".'] ['TV reporter Adolph Caesar is outside Madison Square Garden before the start of a martial arts tournament that will apparently determine the "successor" to the legacy of Bruce Lee. He interviews martial arts promotor Aaron Banks, who says that Lee was actually killed by a kung fu move called "The Touch of Death." From inside Madison Square Garden, Caesar talks about some of the competitors . He talks about the legacy of Bruce Lee, and shows some "interview" footage he did with Lee shortly before his death. (The Lee footage is actually scenes of him on the TV show [[Longstreet . Then, Caeser flashes back to earlier in the day, when action star Fred Williamson went through a number of wacky obstacles to get to the tournament. Another action star, Ron Van Clief is also profiled and interviewed. Van Clief is then seen saving a woman from being raped. The middle section of the film is devoted to "The Bruce Lee Story," a chronicle of Bruce Lee\'s early years in China, where he is depicted as being "karate crazy," much to the dismay of his parents . The film purports that he was learning karate to live up to the legacy of his great grandfather, who was "one of China\'s greatest Samurai masters" . Later, Lee leaves home and lands a career as an actor, which leads to a scene of Bill Louie, dressed as Kato from The Green Hornet, saving two female joggers from being raped near the World War II memorial in Battery Park in broad daylight. After Caesar announces the conclusion of "The Bruce Lee Story," we\'re back in Madison Square Garden, where a number of performers are showcased. Caesar interviews Fred Williamson, who denounces the idea of a contest to determine Bruce Lee\'s successor. The grande finale is devoted to a two-round kickboxing match, in which Louis Neglia reigns victorious. Adolph Caesar concludes the film with a final thought.'] ["Phillip Sauvage  is an American soldier suffering from Posttraumatic stress disorder caused by his time in Iraq and Afghanistan. Sauvage snaps out of his stupor just long enough to join Clarence Bowden , his former commanding officer, to work as a bodyguard for former World Heavyweight boxing champion and now successful businessman Wayne Barclay . It appears that the release of notorious rap mogul Terrell Singletery  from prison has caused Barclay's worried sister Tamara  to take pro-active action by hiring Bowden and Sauvage, as Singletery has made threats in the past about doing away with the one man responsible for his incarceration -- Barclay himself. The first night of bodyguard work does not go well for Sauvage and Bowden, as Bowden gets killed during an assassination attempt on Barclay by a Hummer full of Uzi-carrying gangbangers sent by Singletery. It is up to Sauvage to continue the fight, which means bringing in a reinforcement in his friend Casey Bledsoe , and training some new recruits not of his choosing. Intending to give back to the streets that taught him toughness, Barclay insists that Sauvage compose his team of bodyguards by hiring people from Barclay's gym. But will they be enough to take down Singletery? Barclay however gets suspicious of Sauvage, who is on first name basis with Tamara, after he sights her kissing him on the cheek one night."] ["Close to the end of the Qing Dynasty, opium are being smuggled to China, Officer Lin Zexu  and Master/Doctor Wong Fei Hung  join forces against opium smugglers. Meanwhile So Chan, aka Beggar So , a man from a rich family famous for stealing food for his poor foster-father  and friends. He lives with his father  and aunt, Jean . Along comes a teacher from Britain named Yi Teh , a niece of the Prince Twelve , who is a friend of So. So fought the Fire Lotus Gang and defeated them causing an explosion in which many citizens get hurt and Master Wong demands an apology. Later, Prince Twelve offers So some opium and So gets addicted to it. Meanwhile, he goes to his foster-father and learns Drunken Boxing and then his foster-father was killed by the Fire Lotus Gang, which turns out to be on the same side as the Prince Twelve and So feels betrayed. He goes home, joins forces with Wong Fei Hung and seek revenge. In the end So and Wong wins and Yi Teh, now So's girlfriend, comes. Lin Zexu and Wong Fei Hung watches as the opium gets burned."] ["On December 1, 2009, a press conference was held for the film, along with Chan's announcement of a new teaser trailer posted on the film's official Sina website. Twitch also released a plot synopsis of the film:{{cquote}}"] ["Bu  is a beautiful young girl from a small Taiwanese fishing village who discovers a romantic message in a bottle. She heads for Hong Kong to find its writer, only to learn that it was in fact written by Albert , a lonely gay man. She, however, meets the wealthy recycling company owner, C.N.  who falls in love with her; but the plot is soon thickened by rival businessmen, hired goons, and Bu's confused would be boyfriend."] ["The mainly evil Mantis Fist school and the righteous Eagle Claw have fought out a bitter rivalry over many years. The culmination in this progressive clash is the death of the Eagle's Claw school master due to a severe beating by his savage, eccentric rival. With the school now in turmoil, the dying master leaves the responsibilities of his legacy to his second most senior pupil  while ignoring the quietly seething senior student . The forgotten man cannot contain his rage for long though and storms off to the Mantis Fist school out of spite. While at his new school, the senior student begins to attract the attention of his new master's daughter and makes strong progress in the Mantis Fist school. However, his former friends continue to harbor resentment after his sudden exit and refuse to let the rivalry end. All is not as obvious as it seems though and the real motives of each character is revealed before the classic fight finale."] ["A fishery is seeking court action against a local chemical factory for polluting the water. The mysterious chemical company hires lawyer Jackie Lung  to find information that will discredit the fishery. He employs his arms dealer friend, Wong  to woo the fishery owner, Miss Yip , to try to convince her to settle out of court. Lung also brings in crackpot inventor and professional criminal, Tung , to bug her apartment. Unfortunately, Wong and Tung are unaware of each others' roles and soon come into confrontation, whilst Lung tries to maintain the peace. Wong falls for Miss Yip, whilst Lung woos her cousin, Miss Wen , an environmental scientist who is going to testify on Miss Yip's behalf. The three men inadvertently discover that the chemical company is just a facade for a narcotics empire, ran by Hua Hsien-Wu . They soon come up against Hua's thugs, and ultimately infiltrate the factory for a showdown with Hua himself and his henchman - martial arts master ."] ["The young Chor Lau-heung learns martial arts from Tuk-ku Kau-pai and has attained a high level of skill. His teacher sends him to Shaolin Monastery to attend a contest that is held once every ten years. On the journey, Chor meets Wu Tit-fa and Chung-yuen Yat-dim-hung. When Chor arrives at Shaolin, he fights with a Shaolin student called Mo-fa but neither of them is able to defeat each other. They decide to have a match again on another day. One night, Chor meets Mo-fa and strike up a conversation with her. Both of them decide to enter the palace in search of adventure. They disturb the prince on his wedding night but are accidentally caught in a trap and only manage to escape with the help of Chor's friends. Meanwhile, Bat Prince breaks into Shaolin and kills Mo-fa's teacher, Tuk-ku Kau-pai and the Demonic Cult's leader. Bat Prince is actually the son of a Japanese ninja called Tin-fung Sap-say-long, and he wants to avenge his father. 17 years ago, his father came to challenge the three best fighters in China, but was defeated and committed suicide in shame. Bat Prince is not satisfied even after his victory and wants to dominate the Chinese martial arts world. Chor is injured by Bat Prince in a fight and loses his powers. Mo-fa brings him to the Holy Water Palace for treatment. Sui-mo Yam-kei heals Chor's wounds and teaches him new skills. Chor faces the Bat Prince in an epic battle."] ['Dragon  tries to send a love note to his girlfriend via a kite but the kite gets away and as he tries to get it back, he finds himself inside the headquarters of a gang of thieves who are planning to steal artifacts from China.'] ['{{Plot}} Chun-Li moves from San Francisco to Hong Kong with her family. While practicing to be a concert pianist, she learns Wushu from her father Xiang, a businessman. For a while, her life is perfect until one night, Xiang is attacked and abducted by M. Bison\'s henchmen in front of Chun-Li. Years later, Chun-Li grows up and becomes a talented pianist. At the end of her concert, she receives a mysterious scroll written in ancient Chinese text. Shortly after, she loses her mother to cancer. Meanwhile, at Shadaloo headquarters in Bangkok, Thailand, Bison announces his complete control of the organization before he has the other shareholders executed by Vega. It is also revealed that Xiang is still alive and working for Bison. The next day, Thai detective Maya Sunee meets Interpol agent Charlie Nash, when both are called to investigate the murder of several crime syndicate families in Bangkok. Nash informs Maya that this is the work of Shadaloo. Back in Hong Kong, Chun-Li has the scroll translated by a wise old lady, who tells her she must travel to Bangkok and find a man named Gen. Chun-Li then leaves her home and travels to Bangkok, living homeless and searching for Gen for several days until a fight with thugs leaves her exhausted and unconscious, and Gen appears and brings her to his home. Gen informs her that he was once comrades with Bison and he knows how to find her father, and for the next few days, he teaches her his style of martial arts. Chun-Li also learns more about Bison, who is operating Shadaloo publicly, and is holding the families of property owners hostage in order to force them to sign their property over to him. While spying on Bison\'s henchman Balrog, she overhears that a property owner is asked to hand over the rights to a docking harbor, allowing the shipment of the "White Rose". Later that night, Chun-Li goes to a nightclub and confronts Cantana, one of Bison\'s secretaries. She obtains information on the location of the White Rose before escaping from Shadaloo\'s thugs and Nash and Maya. As a result of this incident, Cantana is used as a punching bag by Bison the next day. Gen tells Chun-Li more of Bison\'s origin. The son of Irish missionaries, Bison grew up an orphan and lived his entire life as a thief. Many years later, as a means of becoming completely evil, he killed his pregnant wife and transferred his conscience into their prematurely born daughter. After telling Chun-Li to go and fetch some food, Gen is attacked by Shadaloo soldiers before Balrog uses a RPG to blow up his house. Chun-Li runs off when she is attacked by Vega, whom she soundly defeats and leaves hanging by the side of a building. The next day, Chun-Li interrogates a harbor employee into telling her the arrival time of the White Rose. She returns to the shipping yard that night, only to fall into a trap as Bison and his soldiers capture her. Tied up and brought into an undisclosed house, she is reunited with Xiang, only for Bison to break his neck. After Bison and Balrog leave the house, Chun-Li uses her skills to defeat the guards and escape. During the escape, she is shot in the arm by Balrog, but is reunited with Gen, who heals her wounds and continues with her training. Despite being taken off the assignment, Nash is secretly asked by Chun-Li to back her up in taking down Bison. Nash and Chun-Li, along with Maya and her SWAT team, arrive at the shipping yard, where they engage in a shootout with Shadaloo forces. Maya is wounded in the shootout, but her SWAT team manages to dwindle Shadaloo\'s numbers. Meanwhile, Chun-Li enters a ship and discovers a girl who speaks Russian before leaving her to continue her search for Bison. On the other side of the ship, Gen faces off against Balrog until he impales him with a liquid nitrogen pipe. Bison takes the girl - who is revealed to be his daughter Rose - and flees the scene by helicopter. Chun-Li, Gen, Nash and a SWAT officer arrive at Bison\'s headquarters, where Nash and the officer take Rose out to safety while Chun-Li and Gen face Bison. After a long battle, Chun-Li hits Bison with a bamboo pole and drops sandbags on him, stunning him. She then charges up a Kikoken and shoots it at him, knocking him off the scaffolding before she jumps and twists his neck with her legs. Nash tells Chun-Li to leave the scene as Thai police arrive. Chun-Li returns to her home in Hong Kong and settles down when Gen pays her a visit. He shows her a newspaper ad for an upcoming Street Fighter tournament, telling her that a Japanese fighter named Ryu might be a recruit for their cause. She declines the offer, telling him she is home for now.'] ['Executioners reunites the main characters of The Heroic Trio in a dark, post-apocalyptic story set in a world ravaged by war, torn by social and political strife, and deperately short of uncontaminated water. The Wonder Woman  is now the mother of a young girl, named  Charlie. She has abandoned her role as a crime fighter in order to become a better mother and wife. But while walking her daughter home from the grocery store, she witnesses an attempted water theft. In a brief display of her true prowess , she stops the thief and returns the bagged water to the would-be victim. The Invisible Girl, , has finally accepted her true role as a hero and strives to atone for the evil deeds she committed while under the influence of her former Evil Master , She has become an agent of change, striving to use her abilities for the good of society. She\'s gone so far as to become the tutor of the masked hunchback Kau, another of the Evil Master\'s former servants. Lured into a blast furnace in "The Heroic Trio", Kau had been horribly burned and disfigured; somehow, he retains his almost superhuman vitality and ability, yet has no moral compass, other than his allegiance to his tutor. She hopes to reform him and show him a better way, as the Wonder Woman and the Thief Catcher did for her. The Thief Catcher , is still up to her old ways, just trying to make a profit out of a bad situation. Yet even she is starting to strive for a higher standard, and has come to realize that she is part of a team and has responsibilities to something greater than herself. The three heroes are forced to overcome devastating personal loss, conflicting loyalties, and overwhelming odds, to bring security and justice back to the people.'] ['Picking up almost exactly where the original "Secret Rivals" ended: the death of the dreaded Silver Fox. Mourning over the death of Silver Fox is his brother, Gold Fox , who vows revenge against Northern Leg and Southern Fist. But Gold Fox is unable to find Southern Fist and must instead fight his brother , who is saved in the nick of time by Northern Leg. After escaping, the two once again need to combine to defeat their dreaded enemy. But Gold Fox has taken precautions--he\'s brought backup: four expert kickers and four expert boxers.'] ["Set in pre-1997, before the return of Hong Kong to the People's Republic of China, the film opens with brothers Archer, Tony and Tiger discussing a drug deal with Sam, a rival gang leader. Ma Jun, a serious criminal investigations detective, along with a team of police officers, raids the nightclub for investigation, and winds up fighting against his partner, Wilson, who has been planted as a mole. The three brothers are later attacked by Sam and his gang who are impatient over receiving the drugs from the brothers' native Vietnam. Archer and his brothers later threaten the elder leaders of their gang, when they attempt to intervene. Tiger is later assigned to kill Sam out in public, but the plan backfires when Wilson intervenes. While in hospital, Sam agrees to testify in court against the three brothers. On the night of their mother's birthday, the brothers plan to recover their drug money, but as the heist is being performed, Archer is arrested by Hong Kong police, while Tony and Tiger discover that Wilson is a mole. While in court, Archer is forced to turn in all of his travel documents, in hope that he will not flee from Hong Kong before his hearing. Tiger and Tony brutally murder Sam along with several other witnesses and crime figures crucial to the police investigation. After their first plan to kill Wilson fails, Tony and Tiger decide to sneak into a hospital guarded by police. Ma discovers that Tiger, disguised as a janitor, is in the building and goes after him, they both end up being in the same elevator where Tiger attempts to kill Ma with a silenced pistol. Here they engage in a grueling fight, a female police officer runs into the elevator and tries to help Ma but ends up getting shot in the heart by a stray bullet after hesitating to shoot Tiger. Tony, having kidnapped Wilson's girlfriend, Judy, threatens to kill her, if Wilson, now a sole witness, testifies in court. Ma chases Tiger when he tries to escape until he squares off against Tiger inside a restaurant, and brutally beats him to death in front of a crowd after Tiger severely injures a little girl by throwing her on the concrete. During the court hearing, Wilson refuses to testify, and the case is dismissed for lack of evidence. Wilson later attempts to rescue Judy, but is captured by Tony and his gang. Once Archer walks free, Ma holds him captive, and calls his brother, Tony, for an exchange of hostages, leading to a confrontation in a Chinese village. Ma singlehandedly takes on the remaining gangsters, and engages in a grueling fight with Tony, whom he later arrests."] ["The film is set in a mythical mountain range called Zu, which exists between Heaven and Earth. The mountains are populated by peace-keeping immortals. A demon called Insomnia desires to rule Zu and the world below; it begins wiping out the clans. In the Kunlun Mountains, Dawn sends away her disciple, King Sky. She believed their emotional attachment limits their abilities to progress. Dawn gives him her weapon, the Moon Orb, to help him train; he is to return only after attaining a higher level; if she cannot be found, the Moon Orb will find her. Moments after they parted, Insomnia attacks and disintegrates her. 200 years later, at Omei temple, Grandmaster White Brows senses darkness coming and dispatches his disciple, Red, to investigate. King Sky joins Red  and the Omei to defeat Insomnia. White Brows engages and weakens Insomnia with his weapon, the Sky Reflector; Insomnia retreats into the legendary Blood Cave; Omei's top warriors pursue Insomnia. At the cave, King Sky notices Enigma, who resembles Dawn. Focusing on the cave, White Brows warns that the cave is capable of sucking away the powers of those who venture near it. Both Red and King Sky risk their lives to battle Insomnia within the cave, but they narrowly escape after White Brows sacrifices the Sky Reflector to save them. With Insomnia absorbing the cave's energy, White Brows has Red guard the cave's entrance while the Omei reconnoiter. At Omei, White Brows tries to combine Enigma's Heaven Sword with Hollow's Thunder Sword to form a new weapon. Unfortunately, the fusion process rebounds; Hollow dies and Enigma is seriously injured, but King Sky rescues her. White Brows appears before King Sky and admits that Enigma is the reincarnation of Dawn . He then appoints King Sky as chief of Omei as he ventures into a new dimension to find a weapon to defeat Insomnia. Before leaving, he resurrects Hollow, hoping the reborn Hollow  will retain his abilities to wield the Thunder Sword in their most desperate hour. Without a wielder of the Thunder Sword, King Sky asks Enigma to help him attempt to wield the sword, but is unsuccessful and he was burned alive in the process. Enigma tries to save him, but fails and buries him. Meanwhile, Red is possessed by Amnesia  while guarding the Blood Cave. Red returns to Omei and decimates the clan and captures Enigma. Amnesia then destroys the rest of Omei, weakening the clan. To the survivors' frustration, Ying has yet to re-awaken his abilities. In a pitted fight against one of the Sword Saints, Thunder, Ying's abilities and memories return. Concurrently, through the power of resurrection, King Sky revives just in time to intercept White Brows's weapon. With his new Ming Fire Sword, both King Sky and Ying face Red at the Blood Cave. After Ying rescues Enigma, Ying and Enigma return to Omei to stop Insomnia's final assault. King Sky exorcises Red, but he sacrifices himself to finish off Amnesia. At Omei, Enigma and Ying successfully fuse their swords to form a new celestial weapon to defeat Insomnia. King Sky joins the duo and they weaken Insomnia. Enigma possesses Insomnia to prevent the demon from escaping, giving King Sky a chance to destroy it. Just as Insomnia is destroyed, Enigma remembers herself as Dawn and tells King Sky she is happy to find him again before disappearing. After the battle, Enigma is reincarnated as a new immortal and Mount Omei is restored. King Sky parts with the Omei to rebuild his clan."] ['The films starts with the wife of Ichi  being murdered by the son of a yakuza boss. Following her death, Ichi returns to his hometown, where he hopes to resume a normal life as a farmer. However, after the yakuza start to take advantage of the local peasants, Ichi tries to protect them, once again.'] ["The movie focuses on a character simply named The Chosen One, who is wandering from town to town searching for the man who killed his family on the night he was born, under orders from the mysterious Evil Council. His talents for the martial arts were already honed at his infancy, and only vastly improved over time, giving him capability for legendary fighting abilities. He soon drifts into another town, and consults Master Tang, a very ill and slightly deranged sifu, for further training. The master is skeptical at first, but when The Chosen One shows him his identifying mark , Master Tang agrees to allow him to train at his dojo. He also introduces him to his two students: Wimp Lo, a young man who was trained wrong as a joke, and Ling, who Master Tang bluntly states will have feelings towards The Chosen One. The Chosen One begins training showing cartoon-like feats of strength, while Wimp Lo deems him an enemy out of jealousy. Soon The Chosen One learns that Master Pain, the man who tried to kill him as a newborn, has just arrived in town, so The Chosen One goes to find him. Master Pain draws a crowd and demonstrates his powerful skill: undergoing a rigorous beating by his henchmen without flinching in the slightest, then throwing the henchman to the ground in one move. Having won the support of the town's mayor, Master Pain randomly changes his name to Betty. Soon after, The Chosen One hires people to beat him so he can gain power to best Betty, but this backfires and he is immediately knocked unconscious. When he wakes up, a mysterious woman with a single large breast flies down next to him and introduces herself as Whoa. Whoa warns him it is not his time to fight Betty, then after briefly performing martial arts playfully with The Chosen One, flies back off into the night sky. The next day The Chosen One sets off anyway to find Betty, coming across one of Betty's evil companions: Moo Nieu , a Holstein cow gifted in karate, with a large udder that can squirt milk as a weapon. They fight in a scene parodying elements from The Matrix. The fight ends with The Chosen One milking Moo Nieu until her udder is empty, leaving her incapacitated. He ventures on further and finds Betty swinging a chain around on top of a waterfall. The Chosen One meets him, states his mission of vengeance, and prepares to fight to the death. Ling's Father suddenly arrives and tries to stop the unprepared Chosen One, but in the process gets wounded and they both get washed over the waterfall. The Chosen One takes Ling's Father to see Master Tang; it turns out they are old friends. Unfortunately Ling's Father's wound never closes properly, thanks to Tang massaging it, and he dies that night. Out of depression, Ling reveals her feelings for The Chosen One. Later in the night, he journeys out to a field and consults the heavens for confidence. Suddenly Muu-Shuu Phasa, a large sentient lion, appears in the sky and dispenses advice in a scene parodying a portion of The Lion King. He tells The Chosen One to take note of 2 different symbols, and tells him that the answer lies in the stars above. The Chosen One returns to town and finds that Betty's hostility has expanded to the entire city, and is killing anyone who he suspects may be allies to the Chosen One, including Wimp Lo. He finds Ling, Master Tang and even his Dog are dying in the long grass, only to find they are pulling through and surviving , despite being vitally maimed. Taking Ling and his dog to safety, The Chosen One practices fighting wooden replicas of Betty, giving up at first due to the difficulty that the pyramid spikes embedded in Betty's chest impose, but soon gets some inspiration from Ling and knows that he is ready. Meanwhile Betty, believing The Chosen One to be dead, is called in by the Evil Council, and is informed his attempts to kill him have been in vain. The Mark Host formulates a plan and goes to meet Betty at the temple. They begin fighting until the Evil Council reveal themselves to be aliens from France, giving Betty supernatural powers to beat down The Chosen One. While partially unconscious, The Chosen One has visions of Whoa and Muu-Shuu Phasa giving him advice. Muu-Shuu instructs him to open his mouth. As soon as he does, Tonguey flies out and attacks the mothership, causing the entire Evil Council armada to panic and retreat. The Chosen One flies up and rips the pyramid spikes from the now powerless Betty, killing him. As The Chosen One returns home with Ling, his tribulations are far from over. Master Tang is left behind in the long grass asking someone to help him as he notices an eagle pecking his leg. At the end of the movie, a film trailer made up of deleted scenes appears, advertising the fictitious Kung Pow 2! Tongue of Fury."] ['In a twist departing from the standard superhero formula, White Dragon is a narcissist, forever worried about her good looks, even as she\'s fighting with Feather, a blind assassin nicknamed "Chicken Feathers" because of his propensity for using chicken feathers as his calling card. Chicken Feathers is first challenged by White Dragon, an elderly woman with proficient skills in martial arts to almost match his, but not quite enough. Thinking that she has been fatally wounded, White Dragon transfers her kung-fu knowledge into empty shell Black Phoenix, turning the young woman into the prettiest martial arts expert around. The downside to having these extraordinary powers, which she does not fully understand, is bad acne, which she manages to prevent only by doing "noble" deeds like robbing from the rich and giving to the poor. Phoenix is reluctant to take on her new role at first, but soon becomes interested in tracking down Chicken Feathers when she learns that her love interest, Second Prince Tian Yang, might become his next target. Using her flute-playing as bait, White Dragon finally faces Chicken Feathers in an attempt to defeat him before he can carry out the assassination. Chicken Feathers proves to be too good for the new White Dragon, however. When White Dragon tries to exploit his "weak points," she ends up injured and dependent on Feathers, who does nurse her back to health after their heated battle. While Chicken Feathers plays nurse, White Dragon seeks to find his true weak point to stop him once and for all. What she finds instead is that Chicken Feathers has fallen in love with her, and that he is growing on her as well. After a while her leg healed and Chicken Feathers found a letter for Second Prince Tian Yang and had it read by the town\'s doctor. This letter made Chicken Feathers thinking that Black Phoenix already has a boyfriend, namely the Second Prince Tian Yang. Chicken Feathers confronted Phoenix Black with this and they ended up struggling. Accidentally the girl stabbed her flute into the back of Chicken Feathers, which gave him a moment of sight. She ran away. The Third Prince, brother of the Second Prince, apparently hired Chicken Feathers to kill his brother, this was revealed at the very last scene.'] ["Lo Jui plays Sun Yu Ting, a kung fu fanatic in search of a teacher. After five years of challenging masters but never being beaten he runs into Hsu Shi , a young Shaolin monk who stole money from a gambling match in order to acquire meat and wine for his master, who later discovers Yu Ting inside the Buddhist temple. Although Hsu's master defeats Yu with ease he refuses to take him on as a student. Yu then resorts to trickery to try to learn techniques from the aged monk. Eventually these antics come to the attention of the senior abbot who expels Yu Ting from the temple altogether. Yu is only allowed back into the temple after he rescues a girl escaping from the dreaded skyhawk clan. The head of the gang is a chief Lama and sworn enemy of Shaolin who, twelve years ago, stole one of temple's most treasured martial arts manuals the i-ching manual. Hsu Shi's master eventually agrees to take Yu Ting on as a student but lessons are cut short when the Lama turns up and kills the master . Yu now swears revenge but before he can leave Shaolin he has to learn the Buddhist Finger technique, the only style that can defeat the Lama Chief."] ["As a child, Ip Man learns Wing Chun from Chan Wah-shun together with Ip Tin-chi  and Lee Mei-wai. After Chan's death from an illness, Ip Man continues to learn Wing Chun from his senior, Ng Chung-sok, before eventually leaving Foshan to study in Hong Kong. In Hong Kong, after a field hockey match, Ip Man and his schoolmates are racially insulted by a Westerner. Ip Man takes offense to the language. The Westerner then slurs them in Chinese. Ip Man challenges the Westerner to a fight and defeats him. Ip Man's notoriety and popularity soar after the incident. While getting medicine to treat the Westerner whom he now refers to as a friend, he meets master Leung Bik, who is actually the son of Leung Jan, Chan Wah-shun's teacher. Ip Man learns a different, improved style of Wing Chun from Leung and his prowess in martial arts improves tremendously. Meanwhile in Foshan, Ip Tin-chi rose to become a prominent businessman under another Wing Chun martial arts association. Ip Man returns to Foshan years later and reunites with his peers. Ng Chung-sok sees that Ip Man has mastered a new style of Wing Chun from Leung Bik, which differs from Chan Wah-shun's orthodox style. Ip Man also later falls in love with Cheung Wing-shing, the daughter of the vice-mayor of Foshan. When Lee Mei-wai realises that Ip Man loves Cheung, she accepts Ip Tin-chi's love for her. On their wedding night, her godfather is murdered and Ip Man is arrested as a prime suspect after being witnessed struggling with him. Cheung later lied that Ip Man was with her the entire evening to have him released from jail. Lee discovers a letter to Ip Tin-chi, revealing his involvement in the murder of her godfather. She was saved by Ip Tin-chi when she attempted suicide and both of them leave for Foshan but are stopped by the Japanese. Lee is captured and Ip Tin-chi is forced to kill Ng Chung-sok because Lee showed the letter to him. At the martial arts association, Ng Chung-sok was defeated by Ip Tin-chi and the Japanese. Ip Man arrives in time to save Ng Chung-sok from being killed and then subsequently defeats the Japanese and Ip Tin-chi. Ip Tin-chi then reveals that he is actually a Japanese and was sent to China to infiltrate and work as an undercover agent. He then performs seppuku to end his life. Ip Man rushes off to the pier to rescue Lee. He defeats the Japanese and rescues Lee. At the pier, they discover that the Japanese have been smuggling Japanese children to China, possibly as future undercover agents, similar to Ip Tin-chi. Ng Chung-sok is seen narrating the story of the night to new apprentices at the martial arts association. Ip Man's son, Ip Chun, is seen among the new apprentices. Ip Man arrives back at the association and is shown married to Cheung."] ['Keisuke Miyagi travels to the city of Boston to attend a commendation for Japanese American soldiers who had fought in the 442nd Regimental Combat Team during World War II. There, he meets Louisa Pierce , the widow of his commanding officer, Lieutenant Jack Pierce. At Pierce\'s home, they catch up on old times and talk about Chinese food. Miyagi is then introduced to Pierce\'s granddaughter, Julie  an angry teenage girl who is full of pain, sorrow, and resentment because of the death of her parents in a car accident. Her anger and violent behavior have led to friction between her, her grandmother, and fellow students. She also sneaks into the school at night to care for an injured hawk, named Angel, whom she keeps in a pigeon coop on the roof. Hoping to mend matters, Miyagi invites Louisa to his own house in California to spend time enjoying peace and quiet tending his garden while he stays in Boston and appoints himself as Julie\'s caretaker. At school, Julie meets and befriends Eric McGowen , a kindhearted security guard in training and a pledge for a shady school security fraternity known as the Alpha Elite. The members of this organization are taught to strictly enforce the school rules, even using physical force if necessary, by a vicious mentor, Colonel Dugan . In this group is Colonel Dugan\'s strongest and most aggressive student Ned , who makes repeated, indiscreet, bullying and unsuccessful sexual advances on Julie. Eric learns of Julie\'s hawk, Angel and promises to feed and water it while Julie is with Miyagi. When Julie survives almost being hit by a car by jumping into a tiger position, she reveals to Miyagi that she was taught karate by her father who learned from her grandfather who was trained by Miyagi. The next time she sneaks into the school to feed her bird, she is detected by the Alpha Elite,and chased through the school. Julie hides in the cafeteria until Ned finds her. when she ran up the cafeteria stairs and Ned grabbed her leg. She hits a fire alarm with her backpack, causing Ned to let go of her. Escaping the school she gets apprehended by the police and gets suspended from school for two weeks. Miyagi takes this time to take Julie to a Buddhist monastery in order to teach her the true ways of karate. At the monastery, Julie learns, through direct lessons, balance, co-ordination, awareness, and respect for all life. She befriends several monks including the Grand Abbot. Eventually, the monks hold a birthday party for her, giving her a cake and an arrow that Miyagi had caught while it was in flight in a demonstration of Zen archery. Upon Julie\'s return to school, she finds that Angel is now able to fly, and is assisted by Miyagi in releasing her back to the wild. In preparation for the upcoming school prom, Miyagi then teaches Julie how to dance and also buys her a prom dress. While Julie goes to the dance with Eric, Miyagi and the Buddhist monks go bowling. A boastful and undisciplined local player challenges them, loses the match, and accepts their tutelage. Meanwhile, at the prom, under the orders of Colonel Dugan, the Alpha Elite bungee jump into the dance. When one of the members breaks his arm Ned angrily tells Eric to mind his own business. Eric drives Julie home and kisses her. Ned follows them and damages Eric\'s car with a baseball bat. Ned then challenges Eric to a fight at the docks, a favored Elite hangout. At the fight, Ned is joined by Colonel Dugan and the rest of the Alpha Elite. They set fire to Eric\'s car, and severely beat him. Dugan disturbingly tells them to "finish it". Before they can, Eric is saved by Julie and Miyagi. As they prepare to leave, Ned provokes Julie, who challenges him to a fight. She holds her own, using the karate she has learned, until Ned cheats by throwing sand in her face. Despite her disadvantage, Julie defeats Ned and turns her back on him. This prompts Colonel Dugan to desperately bully the rest of his group, urging them to continue the fight. Miyagi then challenges Colonel Dugan to fight. Miyagi wins the fight, and then departs, accompanied by Julie and Eric. He then reveals to Julie a tenet of his practice, at which he had hinted en route to the monastery: "Fighting not good. But if must fight, win." The film concludes with a scene of Angel flying freely above sunlit waters.'] ["Bart  is a vicious loan shark whose method of persuading men to pay him back involves Danny the Dog , a man with the mentality of a child; only if a metal collar around his neck is removed by Bart will he become a violently skilled fighter who stops at nothing to take down his targets. But once the collar is on, Danny is a harmless, withdrawn person, with very little knowledge of how to live as a socialized person, and he is constantly bullied by his master Bart. One day, Bart realizes he can end his loan shark career by regularly attending an underground fighting tournament and registering Danny to fight; in exchange, if Danny can win and survive the fights, Bart receives good money. After the first fight, however, Bart gets into a mishap with another criminal and is left for dead after a violent shooting. A critically injured Danny runs off to an antique warehouse for shelter, where he meets a kindly piano tuner, Sam . Danny soon finds himself with Sam and his step-daughter Victoria  in their apartment, and he starts a new life with the benevolent family; curiously he is drawn closer to music while spending time with Victoria. He also develops curiosity about who his mother was when he learns what a family is. Weeks later Sam informs Danny about moving back to New York, where he and Victoria are originally from. He invites Danny, telling him they think of him as family, and Danny happily accepts. However, Danny runs into Bart’s right-hand man Lefty in the streets and is forced back to Bart, who is still alive. Bart drags Danny back to the underground arena, where a death-match is set between Danny and ruthless martial artists. Despite Danny’s pleas, Bart shoves him into the pit, where he is pummeled by four fighters. Danny eventually retaliates, but refuses to kill them. Enraged by Danny’s change of character, Bart drags him back home and shuts him back to his cage. That night, however, Danny sneaks through his door and goes through photographs of Bart’s favorite prostitutes, finally finding one snapshot of who appears to be Danny’s own mother. He interrogates Bart, who tells him that she was simply a prostitute who is long gone. He angrily promises to make Danny repay him for the money he had lost earlier that evening. Next morning, however, Danny manages to escape and runs back to Sam and Victoria, telling them what he had learned and where he was. With the two's help, Danny regains memories from his childhood past: his mother was a music student with no money, so she offered herself to Bart to get some to pay for her lessons. But one day, Bart shot her when she defied him. Bart has been raising Danny ever since, not as a human being, but as a dog. Bart and a plethora of thugs arrive at Sam's apartement building to capture Danny. Frantic, Danny hides Sam and Victoria in their closet, and he runs out to take out the thugs all over the building. He then faces off against an attacker  with skills similar to his own; Danny eventually causes him to fall to his death on Bart's car. A vengeful Bart pursues Danny through the building with a gun, finally catching him in Sam's apartment. He threatens to pull the trigger, all the while telling him that he was never meant for a different kind of lifestyle. But he drops the gun and instead takes out a collar, telling Danny to come home. Danny slowly advances toward the collar, but stops Bart at the last minute and disarms him. He proceeds to furiously beat Bart, causing Sam and Victoria to burst out and frantically beg Danny not to kill; however, a defeated Bart orders Danny otherwise. Bart then tells Danny he will always be an animal, to which Sam responds by smashing a flower pot on his head, knocking him unconscious. Danny, Sam, and Victoria embrace. Some time later, Danny is with Sam at a piano recital at Carnegie Hall, where Victoria is getting ready to perform. Realizing Victoria is playing what his mother played years ago, Danny sheds a happy tear."] ["The film takes place during the 1930s, when the Japanese were occupying China. During the occupation Chi Keung's  mother is killed. Chi himself is presumed dead, but is later saved by his friend Yip. They travel to Beijing where Yip can stay with his aunt. Unfortunately, a Japanese fighter, Shojiro, comes to town and wants to show off his martial arts expertise by brawling with Chi's master. The master wins the fight, but Shojiro's father has the master killed. An angry Chi punches and kicks his way to Shojiro, and finds that Shojiro did not want the master to die, and it was merely a way for his father to save face. Chi says that he will not kill Shojiro, but only if Shojiro never steps foot in China again. However, this doesn't last long, and Shojiro  and Chi  meet for one final confrontation on the Great Wall of China."] ['In the town of Ho Si, two prominent Chinese clans have a family feud dating back centuries. The ancestors of the malevolent Mong clan and the righteous Chows split up their territories with a property line and instituted laws to keep each faction from crossing those lines. Those brave enough to traverse the line have their legs cut off by the opposing clan. The Chows want to do away with this ridiculous law and establish relations with the Mongs. But the clan leader Mong Fan  wants nothing more than to totally eradicate his hated enemies. He seeks to recruit the best Kung Fu teacher in the land, Wong Yang  to train his family members. Teacher Wong refuses because he knows that Mong Fan’s men will use his teachings only for selfish purposes. Mong Fan comes up with an idea to frame Teacher Wong for murder. He arranges for a hired hand to start a fight with Teacher Wong in the center of town in front of the townsfolk. The man who challenges Teacher Wong is no match for him, and when the guy stumbles backwards after Teacher Wong pushes him away, he ends up falling onto wooden spikes that puncture his flesh. The guy promptly dies in view of everyone, and the townspeople turn against the respected Kung Fu instructor. Rather than face arrest, Teacher Wong flees so he can prove his innocence. An emissary of the Mong clan finds Teacher Wong hiding out, and claims that in exchange for martial arts lessons, Mong Fan will use his political clout to clear his name. Rather than face the alternative, Teacher Wong agrees to educate the Mongs in the ways of Kung Fu. Chow Ping  is a member of the Chow family who risks life and limb to traverse the boundary lines in order to witness Teacher Wong’s agonizing lessons. Then Chow Ping returns to his makeshift training room to practice what he learned from the training sessions. At the Mong palace, Teacher Wong meets Chao Cheh , a beautiful young lady  who takes a liking to him. The careless Chow Ping is captured on the Mong territory and brought to Mong Fan for sentencing before they remove his limbs. Teacher Wong overhears and speaks up on behalf of Chow Ping. Teacher Wong tells Mong Fan he is taking Chow Ping back to the Chow’s territory. Both Teacher Wong and Chow Ping fight their way through the Mong hordes and cross over the border where the Chow clan are happy to welcome them. Teacher Wong is impressed with Chow’s Ping’s desire to learn Kung Fu and offers to teach him the martial arts. One of Mong Fan’s lackeys crosses the border to deliver a message to Teacher Wong. Mong Fan insists there is no hard feelings and begs Teacher Wong to continue training the Mongs. Teacher Wong insists they meet up to discuss the matter. During the negotiations, Mong Fan requests that Teacher Wong teach his men the unbeatable Shaolin Pole Style. Mong Fan firsts tries to bribe him, and then tries to blackmail him. Teacher Wong responds by accusing the Mongs of setting him up on the murder charge. Mong Fan tells him to collect his belongings and leave the Mong property. As Teacher Wong starts to do so, he is assaulted by Mong soldiers and seriously wounded. Chao Cheh hides him and tends to his wounds while the Mongs continue to search for him. Mong Fan then orders his men to murder some monks, so he can use his clout to place the blame on the Chow clan. The police soon round up the Chows and it looks like Mong Fan will have his way. But Teacher Wong vows to tutor Chow Ping in the ways of the Shaolin Pole Style. After some intensive training, Chow Ping comes up to speed. Teacher Wong insists that they pay a visit to the home of Mong Fan and expose the truth and clear the name of the Chow family. However, Mong Fan learns of their upcoming arrival, and plans a trap to eradicate his enemies.'] ['A young woman is heir to a large fortune, but the key to finding it is on the leg markings of a horse called "The Ghost of the Gauchos". Unfortunately, the woman\'s uncle--her legal guardian--has his own plans for her fortune, and they don\'t include sharing it with her.'] ["As the trained Flying Guillotine assassins secretly working for the Emperor begin their attacks, one of the assassins  is caught by local security forces. Flying Guillotine leader Jin Gang-feng  is ordered to kill every witness including the prison interrogator and his family to keep the assassins a secret. Rong Qiu-yan  returns home to find her dead husband and immediately fingers Gang-feng. With her superior kung fu, she nearly kills him, but retreats to protect her unborn child. Now Gang-feng is in deep trouble. He's told the Emperor under threat of execution that all witnesses are dead. In order to keep his head, Gang-feng turns to his three adult children to quickly hunt down and kill Qiu-yan who is now attempting to reach her uncle. As the hunt begins, Qiu-yan hooks up with a former Flying Guillotine member named Ma Seng  and her old martial brother Wang-jun  who both help her along the way and become rivals in their love for her."] ['Fifteen-year-old Katara  and her sixteen-year-old older brother, Sokka , are near a river at the Southern Water Tribe, a small village in the South Pole. While hunting, they discover an iceberg that shoots a beam of light into the sky. Inside of the iceberg is a boy named Aang  and a giant flying bison named Appa. Unknown to them, Aang is the long lost Avatar — the only person on the planet able to "bend" all four elements. One hundred years have passed since the Fire Nation has declared war on the other three nations of Air, Water and Earth in their attempt to conquer the world. Zuko , is an exiled prince of the Fire Nation on a quest to find the Avatar and bring him as prisoner to his father, Fire Lord Ozai , so he can return back home. Seeing the light that appeared from Aang\'s release, Zuko and some Fire Nation soldiers arrive at the Southern Water Tribe to demand the villagers hand over the Avatar. Aang reveals himself as he surrenders himself to Zuko on the condition that he agrees to leave the village alone. On the ship, Aang is tested by Zuko\'s uncle Iroh  to confirm him to be the Avatar. After being informed that he is to be their prisoner for passing the test, Aang escapes using his glider and flies to his flying bison brought by Katara and Sokka. Aang and his new friends visit the Southern Air Temple where they meet a winged lemur, who Aang later names Momo. Aang also learns that he was in the ice for a whole century and that the Fire Nation wiped out all of the Air Nomads, including his guardian, Monk Gyatso. In despair, he enters the Avatar State and finds himself in the Spirit World where he encounters a Dragon Spirit that tells him that he only knows Airbending, and that he also needs to learn Waterbending, Earthbending and Firebending in order to become a fully realized Avatar. The Dragon Spirit tells him that he should learn Waterbending first, and that the best teachers are in the Northern Water Tribe as there no more Waterbenders in the Southern Water Tribe. To seek shelter, Aang\'s group arrive at a little Earth Kingdom village controlled by the Fire Nation, and they are arrested because Katara tries to help a young boy escape from a Fire Nation patrol soldiers. They incite a rebellion by reminding the disgruntled Earthbenders that earth was given to them. Katara is given a Waterbending scroll that she uses to greatly strengthen and hone her Waterbending and help Aang learn as they make their way to the Northern Water Tribe and liberate and secure more Earth Kingdom villages in the process, weakening the Fire Nation\'s food and water supplies. During a side track to the Northern Air Temple on his own, Aang is betrayed by a peasant and captured by a "group of Fire Nation archers, led by Commander Zhao , a Fire Nation Commander appointed by the Fire Lord. However, a masked marauder, the "Blue Spirit", helps Aang escape from his imprisonment. Zuko is the masked vigilante, and Zhao realizes this. He arranges to kill the prince. Zuko survives the assassination attempt on his life with Iroh\'s help. He sneaks aboard Zhao\'s lead ship as his fleet departs for the Northern Water Tribe, which is a heavy fortress, to capture the Avatar. Upon arriving, Aang\'s group is welcomed warmly by the citizens of the Northern Water Tribe. Immediately, Sokka befriends the Northern Water Tribe princess, Yue . After a few agreements, a Waterbending master, Pakku , teaches Aang Waterbending. Soon, the Fire Nation arrives and Zhao begins his attack while Zuko begins his search for the Avatar on his own. After defeating Katara in a battle, Zuko captures Aang as he enters the Spirit World to find the Dragon Spirit to give him the wisdom to defeat the Fire Nation. Returning to his body, Aang battles Zuko before Katara freezes him. Before leaving to join the battle, Aang lowers the ice so that Zuko can breathe. As the battle escalates, Iroh watches Zhao capture the Moon Spirit, with which its Ocean Spirit counterpart had assumed the form of a fish. Despite Iroh\'s pleas, Zhao kills the Moon Spirit to strip all of the Waterbenders of their powers and abilities to Waterbend. Yue explains to everyone that the Moon Spirit gave her life, willing to give it back as she dies in the process. With the tables turned, Zhao finds out Zuko survived. They almost fight before Iroh appears and tells Zuko it\'s not worth it. Zhao is drowned by Waterbenders after Zuko and Iroh leave him to his fate. With his Waterbending powers, Aang enters the Avatar State and raises the ocean into a gigantic wall in order to drive the armada back. Aang now fully embraces his destiny as the Avatar as he, Katara and Sokka prepare to continue their journey to the Earth Kingdom to find an Earthbending teacher for Aang. The Fire Lord learns of the defeat, and angry about the betrayal of his brother Iroh and the failure of his eldest son Zuko, he tasks his youngest daughter Azula  to stop the Avatar from mastering Earth and Fire before the arrival of Sozin\'s Comet.'] ["When a comical mob bag-man rats out the local mob boss, the bagman's cousin must rescue him from both the mob and the cops so he can testify at the grand jury."] ["Jason Stillwell  is a young karate student and Bruce Lee fanatic who trains in his father's  Los Angeles dojo. One night after a training session, the dojo is visited by members of an organized crime syndicate. After refusing to join the organization, Jason's father has his leg broken by a Russian martial artist named Ivan Kraschinsky , the hired thug of the boss. The Stillwell family relocates to Seattle, where Jason meets R.J. Madison  and they become good friends. Jason's girlfriend, Kelly, also comes to visit him. Despite this, Jason has a hard time adjusting and is constantly beaten and harassed by the local bullies. Fed up with the abuse, Jason visits the grave of Bruce Lee and beseeches him for aid. That night, Jason and his father have a heated argument which results in Mr. Stillwell destroying some of Jason's Bruce Lee memorabilia. Distraught, Jason consults with R.J., who suggests that Jason move all of his training gear into an abandoned house nearby. Exhausted from the move, Jason inadvertently falls asleep at the house, but is suddenly awakened by the ghost of Bruce Lee , who appears to Jason and begins to train him. Under Lee's tutelage, Jason goes from a below average fighter to a superior martial artist, at one point easily fending off several thugs attempting to assault his father in a parking lot. Later, an annual full contact karate tournament is held featuring teams from Seattle and New York, which Jason and his father attend. Before the contest can get underway, however, the crime syndicate interrupts and makes a wager that none of the Seattle fighters can defeat Ivan. While the first two fighters are easily dispatched by the Russian, Ivan's last opponent, Kelly's brother Ian, makes an impressive showing, forcing Ivan to resort to dirty tactics to defeat him. With her brother helplessly entangled in the ring ropes, Kelly tries to stop Ivan by hitting him with a chair, but the Russian easily disarms her and grabs her by the hair. Spurred into action, Jason charges to the ring and attacks Ivan, much to the delight of the crowd. Utilizing his advanced training, Jason is finally able to conquer his nemesis and earn the respect of his peers."] ["In a small Texas town, the mentally ill John Kirby ([[Brian Libby  goes insane and kills two people of a family he was staying with. Sheriff Dan Stevens  and his deputy Charlie  respond and eventually arrest Kirby, but Kirby breaks out of the handcuffs, hits other officers and grabs one of their guns, forcing the officers to open fire and shoot Kirby. Kirby suffers severe gunshot wounds and is near death. Kirby is transported to an institute where his psychiatrist, Tom Halman , works along with Medical Doctors Spires and Vaughn (Steven Keats and [[William Finley , who are also genetic engineers. In an attempt to save Kirby, Dr. Spires suggests that they use the formula they created. However, Dr. Halman objects in light of Kirby's psychosis. Dr. Spires first decides that Halman is right, but then ignores the consequences and proceeds to use the formula once Dr. Halman leaves. The formula makes Kirby nearly invulnerable, leading to the deaths of many more people . Sheriff Stevens tracks down Kirby in the hope that he can put an end to the carnage. He finally finds Kirby and is able to throw him down a well. As Stevens leaves, however, Kirby's head comes out of the water, meaning he was not killed, at which point the film ends."] ["Tang How-Yuen  is a disciple of kung fu master San-Thye. San-Thye wins a martial arts tournament, only to be killed by evil kung fu master, Chung Chien-Kuen . Tang tries unsuccessfully to fight Chung, and leaves the evil master unharmed. Tang, along with San-Thye's wife and daughter head after the killer to seek revenge. When they find him, Chung has repented and has cut off his own leg as penance. The master's widow becomes ill, so Tang goes to work for a gang in order to get her medicine. However, whilst in their employ, he is blamed for the death of a young boy, and San-Thye's widow is poisoned. Tang and the one-legged master join forces to defeat the evil lord who poisoned San-Thye's widow."] ["Lam Sai-wing , also known as Butcher Wing, is a student of Wong Fei-hung . Butcher Wing's long-lost brother Lam Sai-kwong  comes to town with his beautiful bride Yuet Mei . Ko Tai-hoi , the son of Master Ko , sees Yuet Mei and, lusting for her, abducts her. The abduction is witnessed by Master Ko's goddaughter Lan Hsing . Wong Fei-hung goes out of town, and leaves Butcher Wing and the other disciples, including Leung Foon Yuen Biao and Chik , to fend for themselves. Sai-kwong assaults Tai-hoi, threatening to murder him if he doesn't free Yuet Mei. Butcher Wing arrives and witnesses Sai-kwong beating Tai-hoi. Not recognizing Sai-kwong, Butcher Wing stops him and drives him off. A despondent Sai-kwong decides to commit suicide but is saved by the wily drunkard Beggar So , an old friend of Wong Fei-hung with equally good kung fu skills. Sai-kwong explains his situation to Beggar So. Beggar So confronts Tai-hoi, who claims that Butcher Wing took Yuet Mei. Beggar So confronts Butcher Wing, accusing him of abducting his brother's wife. Butcher Wing asks to meet this supposed brother of his. Beggar So introduces Butcher Wing to Sai-kwong, and they realize who each other are. Butcher Wing, Sai-kwong, and Beggar So realize that Tai-hoi still has Yuet Mei. Lan Hsing attempts to rescue Yuet Mei but is caught by Tai-hoi, who holds Lan Hsing captive as well. Butcher Wing and Beggar So unite and free Yuet Mei from Tai-hoi's clutches. They also free Lan Hsing, assuming that she's just another of Tai-hoi's captives and not realizing that she's Master Ko's goddaughter. She keeps her identity secret. They go to Butcher Wing's house. Butcher Wing unwittingly insults Lan Hsing, who decides to punish him. Beggar So drinks too much alcohol and loses consciousness. For the sake of inconveniencing Butcher Wing, Lan Hsing insists on staying at his house that night, claiming to be homeless and feigning an injury that leaves her unable to walk. She climbs into his bed. Beggar So awakens. Butcher Wing invites Beggar So out for more drinks to stop him from noticing that Lan Hsing is in Butcher Wing's bed, and they leave. Tai-hoi breaks into Butcher Wing's house and attempts to rape Lan Hsing. She resists, screaming, and while trying to silence her, Tai-hoi accidentally kills her. The murder is overheard by a passing night watchman. Tai-hoi flees, unknowingly leaving behind an identifying ring, which the night watchman finds. Tai-hoi accuses Butcher Wing of the murder. Believing that Butcher Wing will take refuge at Po Chi Lam , Master Ko goes there with two of his students and destroys Po Chi Lam's sign. Leung Foon and Chik attack Master Ko and his students. Butcher Wing arrives during the fight, and Master Ko fatally injures him. Leung Foon and Chik take the dying Butcher Wing to Beggar So, who successfully treats his injuries and critiques his kung fu. Butcher Wing asking the old man to teach him how to improve his kung fu, he is made to undergo rigorous training. The night watchman attempts to extort Tai-hoi, selling the ring back to him. Tai-hoi attempts to murder the night watchman, who flees. The night watchman encounters Sai-kwong and Yuet Mei and tells them that Tai-hoi was Lan Hsing's murderer. Tai-hoi then catches up and murders the night watchman and Sai-kwong. Yuet Mei escapes with the ring, which she gives to Butcher Wing. She tells him everything. Later on, Butcher Wing was destroying Tai-hoi’s private party that Tai-hoi is holding on a rented boat, Butcher Wing walks in holding Sai-kwong's funeral tablet. However, Wing will murder Tai-hoi to avenge Sai-kwong, then attacks. Everyone but Tai-hoi flees, Tai-hoi fights back, but Butcher Wing proves himself the superior fighter, Tai-hoi tries to flee, but Butcher Wing stops Tai-hoi. Finally Tai-hoi begs for mercy, groveling on the floor and bowing to Sai-kwong's funeral tablet, Butcher Wing hit Tai-hoi’s head with the funeral tablet, and he died. In the morning, Master Ko was upset about his son’s death and sets up Tai-hoi's funeral in the town square and waits for Butcher Wing, who will come that way, when Butcher Wing comes, Master Ko attempts to murder him, Butcher Wing fights back, using Tai-hoi's funeral tablet against Master Ko, that Master Ko breaks Tai-hoi’s funeral tablet, even more infuriated, Master Ko redoubles his attack, with help from Beggar So, Butcher Wing to defeat Master Ko into a submission, after the fight, Wong Fei-hung returns, the film ends with a joke as Wong Fei-hung prepares to punish Butcher Wing for incorrectly replacing Po Chi Lam's sign was turned upside down."] ["A gang of criminals with supernatural powers, led by Mahesak, break a rebel Karen warlord Kaoyot out of prison, and plan to steal the national treasury of Thailand in order to fund Kaoyot's continuing fight. A secret police unit, led by Yosthana engages the criminals in various battles. Among the criminals they must face are the Five Bullets Bandit and the female warrior, G.I. Jenjila. Though the police unit puts up a good fight, among them female officer Deungdao, in order to ultimately defeat the criminals, they need to use magic. So Yosthana obtains an old, magical sword, which is activated by the menstrual blood of a virgin."] ['This Steven Seagal thriller sees Wong Dai , an influential Chinese drug kingpin, sitting at a long table in an old building in Paris, France, going through the motions of a gigantic merger between himself and several other major Chinese drug dealers. Sai Lo  controls shipments in the French heroin market in Paris, using laundromats all over Paris as a front. Tang "The Bird" Zhili  controls the entire New York drug conglomerate from the Chinatown section of New York, and runs Mahjong gambling rackets. Yin Quinshi  of Sofia, Bulgaria, controls an Eastern European drug cartel. Li Bo  controls drug exports in Shanghai, China, and has a penchant for French restaurants. Fang "The Barber" Lee  controls a drug cartel in Paris, France, and he is known to hire unique assassins. And Mr. Chang  controls drug money in London, England. Yale University archaeology professor Robert Burns , who has just recently won the Winthrop Award for excellence in archaeology, stumbles onto the fact that his expedition to China, near the China/Kazakhstan border, is being used by Wong as a cover for a drug smuggling operation. Realizing the danger of sticking around, Burns and his assistant, Luo Yi , make a run for it, but in the resulting gunfight, Yi is killed. When Burns reaches the border, he finds that Wong\'s smugglers have set him up for smuggling the drugs. Burns lands in a Chinese prison, framed for drug running. Burns is questioned by Chinese narcotics cop Tommie Ling  and DEA agent Ed Gray , who want to release him and use him as bait to nail the drug smugglers. Burns, referred to by the Chinese drug barons as the "gweilo Professor", is quickly released and sent to the USA, where he promises Yi\'s father Luo Dazhong ([[Vincent Wong  that he will get revenge for Yi\'s murder, but Wong is not done with Burns yet. Wong sends hitmen to Burns\'s house in New Haven, Connecticut to plant a bomb, which explodes and kills Burns\'s wife Maya . With the two people closest to him dead at the hands of Wong and his minions, and with Tommie and Gray shadowing his every move, Burns is out for revenge. As it turns out, Burns was not always a Professor. Burns was once a thief of Chinese artefacts, who served time in prison and earned his archaeology degree while in prison. He changed his name and married Maya after he was released. With his determination to exterminate those who killed Maya, Burns tells Tommie and Gray to stay out of his way, as he cuts a bloody path through Chinatown and across Europe on his way to a confrontation with Wong.'] ['Shaolin are hunted down by a powerful warrior who wants to rid the Shaolin men from China. At a remote training camp a group of Shaolin train together, their best student Yun Fei is given the task of taking down Shih Shao-feng and his reign of terror. Along the way he befriends Jackie Chan\'s character named Tan Feng, who is a blacksmith. Yun Fei arrives at Shih\'s camp and tries to take him, but fails. His Shaolin techniques are useless against Shih\'s "extended iron claw". When Shih beats him, he leaves the rest to his eight bodyguards, who each have weapons such as swords, shields and spears. Yun Fei escapes with the help of the blacksmith, goes to a village and discovers Shih\'s men are taking apart the village and pillaging anything they can to scare the villagers into submission. Tan befriends two people along the way, including a brilliant swordsman who has never drawn his sword after he accidentally killed a prostitute he loved. The team forms a coalition to defeat Shih Shao-feng. With battle plans laid and the heroes trained, they prepared themselves for the battle ahead of them. Yun Fei and all the heroes will create a diversion, where they will assail Shih\'s headquarters in separate groups. The diversion and ambush on the following day is ultimately successful. Luring away Shih\'s lieutenant Du  Tan Feng is the first to act in the climatic act. Arriving at the gate where the pagoda which is the stronghold of the main villain, he proceeds to kill off several guards, including two of Shih Shao-Feng\'s elite fighters. Whilst the rest of the characters reached a grassland where four more elite fighters under Shih\'s command comes by. Leading to a prolonged, lengthy fight between the heroes and four more of Shih\'s elite warriors. Unfortunately for Yun Fei\'s gang, the battle went on longer than anticipated, and Shih realised their plans. Tan Feng went back to rendezvous with his friends and assist them in battle, but is mortally wounded whilst killing another elite. Yun Fei and the other heroes managed to kill the rest of the elites and they escapes, with Shih, Du and a small troupe of their men in pursuit. More and more of the heroes are killed as the film reaches its end, while nearby a beach Yunfei beats Du to death and kill off Shih\'s last elite fighter. In the end, Yunfei faces off against Shih and his remaining soldiers. All which he defeats single-handedly, then he fights Shih and wins. The movie ends with Yunfei strolling past the graves of all his friends, paying his respects.'] ["On the eve of the Chong Yang Festival, golden chrysanthemum flowers fill the Imperial Palace. The Emperor  returns from his various military campaigns with his second son and general, Prince Jai . The Emperor has returned to celebrate the holiday with his family. For three years, the Empress  and Crown Prince Wan ([[Liu Ye , her stepson, have had an illicit affair. Prince Wan secretly dreams of escaping the palace with his secret lover Jiang Chan ([[Li Man , the Imperial Doctor's daughter. Meanwhile, Prince Jai, the faithful son, grows curious and then worried over the Empress's health and her abnormal obsession with golden chrysanthemums. For ten days, the Emperor had ordered Jiang Yiru, the Imperial Doctor and his daughter, Jiang Chan, to secretly add tiny amounts of a poisonous Persian black fungus into the medicine that the Empress takes several times a day. The Empress summons Prince Jai, revealing to him her plot of rebellion. She asks for his participation but Jai hesitates, saying that it would be difficult for him to take up arms against his own father. After seeing his mother take a poisoned dose, he relents and agrees to participate. A woman-in-black is captured by Prince Wan and taken to the Emperor, and it is revealed that she was Jiang Shi , Jiang Yiru's wife, Jiang Chan's mother, and also the Emperor's previous lover. The Emperor promotes the doctor, sending him from the Palace to serve as governor of a remote area. Prince Wan runs after them to see Chan. From the information that Chan provides him with, he senses that the Empress is plotting something, so he hurries back to the palace and confronts her. The Empress, already losing her mind, bluntly claims that she just wants Wan to die and continue with her plan. Wan, in a panic, stabs himself and is put under care. The doctor's family are attacked by mysterious assassins-in-black who kill Jiang Yiru. Chan and her mother are forced back to the palace. When they return the Empress reveals that Jiang Shi was actually the mother of Prince Wan, meaning his secret lover, Chan, is in fact his half-sister. Realizing this, a shocked and crazed Chan flees the palace screaming in horror with her mother chasing behind. Both are killed by the assassins-in-black. Prince Yu abruptly kills Prince Wan and attempts to oblige the Emperor to abdicate the throne to him. He confesses that he also learned of the plot and his brother's affair with the Empress and acted in advance to gain the throne. The Emperor's assassins-in-black eliminate Prince Yu's tiny rebel force easily, and the Emperor beats Yu to death. Thousands of golden armored warriors led by Prince Jai and wearing the embroidered flowers of the Empress charge the palace. As they charge forward, the Emperor's personal assassins attempt to stop them. Although Prince Jai's men take various casualties, they manage to beat the assassins and move forward. As the golden-armored army marches into the imperial square, they are boxed in by a clever trap. It is clear that the Emperor had full knowledge of the plot and had quietly moved a large army into the palace. From their superior position they are able to cut down the rebels with a massive hail of arrows. The Prince continues to fight but eventually surrenders. The survivors of the golden army are gathered, bound and executed on the Emperor's orders. After the battle, the courtyard is swiftly cleaned up as if the evening's event had never transpired and the Festival begins at midnight as scheduled. The Emperor offers to spare Jai on the condition that he henceforth personally administer the medicine to the Empress. Prince Jai refused his father's order, apologized to his mother for his failure and then committed suicide, his blood spilling on the Empress's medicine. The Empress lets out a furious shriek and slaps the plate out of the servant's hands. The film then ends with an image of the poisonous medicine landing on an engraved wooden chrysanthemum and eating away at it."] ['The narrative centres on a nomadic opera troupe who travel to various towns as part of their nationwide tour and astound the locals with their skills. When visiting a coastal town, one of the young performers becomes involved in a market brawl after two local bullies begin to push their weight around. The righteous young performer is saved from a vicious beating at the hands of the thugs by a mysterious fighter who uses his sublime abilities to save the day. After this heroic deed, the stranger befriends the opera troupe and is accepted as one of their number by the usually suspicious entertainers. He gradually reveals to his new friends that he is a former Shaolin student and a staunch patriot - readily opposing the Manchu rulers. Unfortunately these honourable traits are of great interest to the Manchu agents who are looking to destroy any rebellion against the corrupt system. On finding their target, the agents try to capture him but, after he escapes, kill a great portion of the opera troupe instead. A further attempt to kill their patriotic enemy sees the cost of yet more innocent lives as they try viciously to bring him out of hiding. Knowing that the time to stand up for righteousness is finally here, the ex-Shaolin student organises the remaining opera troupe members into a militia to combat the powerful foes. In a finale filled with glorious fight action, the time for revenge is realised and the battle between good and evil once again takes place.'] ['{{plot}} The film picks up several years after the Yuri Boyka\'s fight with George "The Iceman" Chambers. Boyka, humbled and resigned to his fate inside the prison system, has become the facility janitor and spends time mopping the hallways and sewage system. Due to his nearly crippling knee injury from his fight with Chambers, he has taken solace in religion and tried to ignore fighting—the one thing that he really loves—altogether. His former manager has begun to expand his previous enterprise of prison tournaments to extend the first ever inter-prison competition, gathering the best prison fighters from around the globe to compete for a chance at a cleared record and early release. As Boyka hears the preliminaries taking place within his prison, as well as failing in his parole, he begins training privately to bring his knee back into fighting shape. Just when the prison champion is declared, Boyka challenges him on the spot, which both the warden and his former manager, Gaga, agree to out of mutual respect and a belief that Boyka is attempting suicide and wants to die with dignity. When he easily defeats the current prison champion, they enter him as a longshot in the inter-prison tournament, while Boyka tries to hide his significant knee pain. Boyka is transferred to Gorgon prison in the republic of Georgia where he is joined by a diverse group of prison fighters from around the globe.The eight inmates are from Russia, USA, Colombia, Brazil, France, Greece, Croatia and North Korea. An American fighter, "Turbo," quickly identifies himself as a brash and insubordinate prisoner, to the chagrin of the prison warden and to Boyka, who is reminded of Chambers through the loud-mouthed American. Though the fighters are allowed one hour each day for training, they are still grouped into general population for "fresh air and general exercise," or hard labor, which Boyka uses to conceal his injury and train his leg by offering it to be chained to a rock. When a fight almost breaks out between Boyka and Turbo, they both notice that one fighter, Dolor, is getting preferential treatment. Later, the Warden privately gives Dolor both illegal drugs  and private sparring sessions, showing that he is being groomed as the predetermined champion. During the first round of fighting, Turbo wins his first match, revealing his superb speed and use of "dirty" boxing; while he has very little grappling skill and no ability to kick, he is able to defeat his opponent using elbow blocks and strikes to break the bones in his opponent\'s hands. As Boyka starts his first round fight, he appears to be back in top form, and he quickly defeats his opponent with his speed and agility—making him a crowd favorite immediately. Dolor also wins his fight, using a fast and brutal style. The losers are later escorted out of the prison under the guise of being transferred back to their home penitentiaries; however, they are summarily shot by waiting guards, revealing that losing fighters will be treated as loose ends. As hard labor continues the following day, Boyka is chained to Turbo for the duration, where Turbo successfully provokes a fight. After a quick scuffle in which Boyka finishes dominant in grappling, they are broken up and put into isolation by the guards. Still within earshot, Turbo continues to verbally jab at Boyka\'s confidence, having saying Boyka\'s sneak attack was a "Bitch Move" and by stating that Boyka shouldn\'t be here. However, as the isolation continues, Turbo begins to wear down mentally while Boyka wears down physically; forced to stand, Turbo is psychologically distraught when he realizes that he has to defecate while standing and that he cannot see the rats moving around at his feet, whereas Boyka, who is used to the dirt and darkness, struggles more with the pain in his knee, which he cannot elevate to relieve. The two are eventually released due to some manipulations by their managers, Gaga and Farnatti, who are old friends and rivals. When the managers find out about how their fighters are being treated, they  confront the warden. Rezo, the chief mastermind behind the tournament, who is also present explains to the managers that the tournament has always been fixed to ensure the "highest profit at the lowest risk." Though the managers are upset, having believed this to be a straight, sporting tournament , Rezo recommends with complete honesty that they liquefy their assets and bet on Dolor to walk home rich men. The managers, realizing that their loyalties to their fighters only extend to their payout, agree to this arrangement. Slowly, Turbo and Boyka begin to trust each other during hard labor, as they are often chained together and forced into cooperate. At first they direct their anger towards fighting again in the ring, but later start to turn their attention toward beating Dolor. The two begin training alongside, each using the other for motivation. As their prowess gets noticed, they are put to more hard labor and deprived of food to ensure the "fix" for the fights. As Turbo starts to wear down, Boyka reveals his strategy for turning the situation around: use the hard labor as part of the training. With Turbo\'s attitude eroding, he starts showing signs that his ego evolved from a highly disciplined past as a US Marine. In addition to reciting, "Improvise, Adapt, Overcome" as part of his training, he recommends some holistic medicine for Boyka to soothe his knee. In the semi-finals, Boyka defeats the contender Rodrigo Silva from Brazil with style in a much more difficult match. After winning by submission, for the first time he helps his opponent up from the mat and states, "Good fight." Unfortunately, Rezo and the warden realize that Boyka and Turbo are stronger than predicted. In a preemptive strategy, they isolate Turbo and provoke him into attacking the warden so that the guards have a justification in beating him before his match with Dolor. When the prisoners are taken for the next round of hard labor, Boyka tries to convince Turbo into escaping rather than face Dolor wounded. Knowing that Turbo used to be in the military, the plan is to escape to the forest where the security is lightest and survive long enough to eventually get in touch with the black market. Turbo initially disagrees, until another prisoner reveals that the losers are executed. Caught trying to break their chain, the two fight off the guards who are armed only with clubs long enough to get a key. Freed, Turbo heads for the forest. Boyka is returned to the prison where he is confronted by Rezo, the warden, and Gaga. Knowing for certain that he has lost all support, he commits himself to ruining their wagers by defeating Dolor in the newly-improvised final round. Dolor takes an early lead with his exceptionally quick hand blocks and strikes, as well as exacerbating the problems with Boyka\'s weak knee by using a submission hold on it. Deprived of his kicking ability and agility, Boyka recovers first by relying on his endurance and pain tolerance, persevering past some devastating hits. It looks like the fight is over when he is kicked out of the ring, but when he catches a glimpse of the bucket and mop used for sopping up blood after the bouts, which bears a striking resemblance to his mop and bucket used during his training, he gets back into the ring before the ten-count. Remembering Turbo\'s mantra, "Improvise, Adapt, Overcome," he takes the pad off the mop and ties it around his knee. Forced to adapt, he begins using a new style mixing in elements of grappling, dirty boxing head-butts and elbows, wrestling, and wu-shu. Dolor, in a final moment of rage, breaks his shin against Boyka\'s knee block, ending the match. Desperate and despondent, Farnatti confronts the warden and shoots Rezo over the money that he\'s lost before being shot by the warden himself. Despite winning the tournament, Boyka is not allowed to go free because the guards have not found Turbo. Because Boyka was responsible for his escape, the arrangement is that Turbo will remain free while Boyka will be transferred back to his original prison, to which Boyka responds that he does not care—he has proven his point. Like the other prisoners, Boyka is instead taken out to be shot, but he is rescued at the last minute by Turbo in a moment of surprising marksmanship. The two retreat to a waiting car where Gaga sits inside with a load of money. He reveals that he always knew Boyka was the best fighter in the world, especially when he was angry, so he bet all of his money on him all along and deceived the other managers—even going so far as to rescue and hide Turbo when he escaped. Boyka decides to part ways, finally revealing his first name, Yuri to Turbo. In turn, Turbo confesses that his real name is "Jericho," not realizing that Boyka has a special appreciation for religious references. In gratitude, he thanks Turbo for "bringing down the walls" and setting him free. Turbo then requests a match with Boyka in future and Boyka accepts. The movie ends with Boyka running and laughing with a sign that says "Bon Voyage".'] ["Terry  and his two partners from the Chicago special investigation police squad are engaged in war against Chicago's mafia boss, DiMarco . Despite many attempts to jail him, he always manages somehow to walk free. Not discouraged by that, police prepares another action to raise some evidence against DiMarco, this time it's a controlled sale of drugs for $3 million. After the exchange of the money for the narcotics police wants to arrest gangsters involved in the business, unfortunately this won't come without a shootout, during one of them manages to escape . The other gangster which was wounded during the shooting is making confessions in the hospital , those are though worthless in the eyes of the judge, who rules that the interrogation was held with use of 'excessive force' and as that was illegal. DiMarco is once again free, furthermore now he wants vengeance on the police who, as he thinks stole his money. Terry's co-cops are being killed one by one and soon he finds himself in peril, especially after he learns that DiMarco's suspicions are not so quite abstract."] ['Once every generation, there is an inter-dimensional martial arts tournament known as Mortal Kombat, designed by the Elder Gods to limit invasions between the realms of the universe. If the realm of Outworld wins Mortal Kombat ten consecutive times, its Emperor Shao Kahn  will be able to invade and conquer the Earth realm. They have already won nine; so this will be their tenth tournament. The Shaolin warrior Liu Kang  and his comrades, Hollywood movie star Johnny Cage  and U.S. Special Forces officer Sonya Blade , were handpicked by Rayden , the god of lightning and Earthrealm\'s defender, to overcome their powerful adversaries in order to prevent Outworld from winning their tenth straight Mortal Kombat tournament. Each of the three has his or her own reason for competing: Liu Kang seeks revenge against tournament host Shang Tsung  for killing his brother Chan ([[Steven Ho ; Sonya also has vengeance on her mind, pursuing crime lord Kano  who killed her partner; Johnny Cage, having been branded as a fake by the media, seeks to prove otherwise to the world. At Shang Tsung\'s island, Liu Kang is attracted to Princess Kitana , Shao Kahn\'s adopted daughter; a wary Shang Tsung orders the creature Reptile  to keep a close eye on her. Liu defeats his first opponent, and Sonya gets her revenge on Kano. Johnny Cage encounters the demonic ninja Scorpion , who teleports Cage to his lair in the Netherrealm; there the two battle viciously, with Cage the eventual victor. Liu Kang engages in a brief duel with Kitana, who secretly offers him advice for his next battle . Liu\'s next opponent is the ninja Sub-Zero , whose defense seems impregnable because of his freezing abilities, until Liu Kang recalls Kitana\'s advice and turns the tables. Prince Goro , a huge, four-armed Shokan warrior enters the tournament and mercilessly crushes every opponent he faces. One of Johnny Cage\'s friends, Art Lean  goes up against Goro as well and is defeated, along with having his soul taken by Shang Tsung. Cage comes to Tsung to request a fight with Goro. The sorceror accepts on the condition that he be allowed to challenge any opponent of his choosing, any time and anywhere he chooses. Rayden tries to intervene but the conditions are accepted. Cage faces Goro and uses guile and the element of surprise to defeat the defending champion. Now desperate, Shang Tsung then takes Sonya hostage, invoking his privilege to challenge any opponent of his choosing, and takes her to Outworld. Knowing that his powers are ineffective in Outworld and that Sonya cannot defeat Shang Tsung herself, Rayden sends Johnny Cage and Liu Kang into Outworld to rescue Sonya and challenge Shang Tsung. In Outworld, Liu Kang battles Reptile and soundly defeats him after having absorbed many blows from the creature and becoming enraged. Kitana meets up with Johnny Cage and Liu Kang afterwards; after telling the pair about Outworld\'s origins, as well as her own, she allies with them as they make their way to the castle where Sonya is being held. Inside the castle tower, Shang Tsung challenges Sonya to fight him, knowing full well that her refusal to accept will result in Earthrealm forfeiting Mortal Kombat. All seems lost for Earthrealm until the three Outworld monks inside the tower reveal themselves to be Kitana, Liu Kang and Johnny Cage. Kitana berates Shang Tsung for his treachery to the Emperor as Sonya is set free. Shang Tsung challenges Johnny Cage, but Liu Kang demands to fight Shang Tsung. During the lengthy battle, Liu Kang faces not only Shang Tsung, but the souls that Shang Tsung had forcibly taken in past Mortal Kombat tournaments, and the image of his brother, Chan . Liu Kang rises above the challenges and takes on Shang Tsung with renewed determination and ultimately fires an energy bolt at Shang Tsung, knocking him from the battle platform and impaling him on a row of spikes below, killing him. Shang Tsung\'s death releases all the captive souls, including Chan\'s. Before ascending to the afterlife, Chan tells Liu that he will remain with him in spirit until they are once again reunited. The warriors return to Earthrealm, where a victory celebration is taking place at the Shaolin temple. The jubilation abruptly stops, however, when Shao Kahn\'s giant figure suddenly appears in the skies. When the Emperor declares that he has come for everyone\'s souls, Rayden exclaims the final line of the movie, "I don\'t think so!" as the warriors take up fighting stances to defend themselves.'] ['A GI in Vietnam saves his buddy\'s life, but in the process is shot in the head. The injury results in brain damage to the point where he basically has a child\'s brain in a  man\'s body. When they get out of the army the two open up a bar together, but some local gangsters make things tough for them after they refuse to take part in brutal "cage" matches where fighters battle to the point of serious injury and/or death'] ['A clan of ninjas finds an abandoned treasure chest that had been washed onto shore, inside of which was a white infant boy. An ancient legend spoke of a foreigner who would come among the ninja and become a master like no other. The white orphan boy, Haru , is raised amongst the ninja, with the expectation that he may be the one of whom the legend speaks. As Haru grows into adulthood, doubts are quickly cast over him for being Japan\'s most notorious great white ninja. Although Haru does possess some ninja traits, he is clumsy and does not really fit in, and fails to graduate a ninja with the rest of his class. Left alone to protect the temple while the clan are on a mission, Haru disguises himself as a ninja when a blonde American woman who comes to the temple to seek the services of one. The woman, Sally Jones , is being suspicious of her ex-boyfriend, Martin Tanley , and sends Haru to a Tokyo harbor to investigate. Haru finds out that Tanley and his staff, Nobu  are involved in a counterfeiting business and witnesses a murder. The clan are angry and disappointed with Haru\'s actions when Tokyo police realize that Haru is responsible for the murder. However, Haru admits that Sally was in trouble, despite that her name is a pseudonym. Haru departs from Tokyo to Beverly Hills to search for Sally. Gobei , Haru\'s adoptive brother and the best ninja in his class at the beginning of the film, is sent by the clan to watch over and protect Haru. Haru has trouble adjusting to Western culture, but checks in at a Beverly Hills five-star hotel, where he befriends its employee, Joey Washington , and teaches him some ninja lessons. Haru sets out on his search for Sally, convinced that she is in trouble. Haru eventually finds Sally, but she distances herself from him. Haru tracks Tanley and Nobu to a night club in Little Tokyo, where they are trying to get back a set of counterfeiting plates from their rival gang. Unfortunately, Haru finds himself as the suspect of a second murder. Haru return to the hotel the next day and meditates to communicate with his sensei  for guidance. Haru resumes his quest to search for Sally, and finally tracks down Tanley\'s mansion. Upon entering Tanley\'s mansion, Haru speaks with Sally, whose real name is Alison Page on her license plate. He eventually begins to trust her again, and Alison tells Haru that she accused Tanley for killing her sister. That night, Haru and Alison escape a gun-fight at a Japanese restaurant, where Tanley and his henchmen sees Alison there. Haru and Alison have their retreat at the hotel for the night. The next day, Haru disguises himself as ink specialist Chet Walters  and Tanley takes him to his warehouse, where Tanley soon finds out that Haru is "the fat ninja that everyone is talking about". While Tanley is in the process of getting the other half of the plates that night, Alison rescues Haru from the back of Tanley\'s van. However, Tanley kidnaps Alison during the process, and Haru must find his way back to Tanley\'s warehouse to rescue Alison, but since he was blindfolded during his first trip, Haru must recreate his ride by memory and enlists his help of Joey and without knowing that Gobei is also hiding in the trunk. After Joey accidentally drives the convertible through a horse race and a car wash, he and Haru start over. Gobei gets out of the trunk after Haru is blindfolded, knocks Joey out, and drives the convertible to Tanley\'s warehouse. Haru uses his momentum of a large palm tree to jump into Tanley\'s warehouse, while Gobei also makes it in by using stealthier methods. Haru and Gobei fight Tanley\'s henchmen together until Haru is reminded that he should be rescuing Alison. Using a forklift, Haru smashes two holes in the wall of the room where Tanley holds Alison hostage, almost setting off the bomb. Haru attempt to defuse the bomb, but accidentally resets it for five minutes. Haru leaves Alison for four minutes to help Gobei, who is surrounded by Tanley\'s henchmen. Haru jumps off the railing and eventually lands on an axe-wielding henchman who attempt to kill Gobei and suddenly becomes an adept ninja when Gobei gets hurt by Nobu and his henchmen. Haru and Gobei defeat one henchman with their help from Joey, who also jumps into Tanley\'s warehouse and eventually lands on one of them. Haru and Gobei has two minutes to fight Tanley, who has a gun. Haru cuts the rope of a winch to aim for Tanley, but the hook accidentally knocks out Gobei instead. Blocking Tanley\'s bullets by swinging his two swords, Haru successfully incapacitates Tanley. Haru return to the upper level to rescue Alison. Using a huge harpoon gun mounted on a cart, Haru shoots a harpoon through the room and inadvertently lands in the back of a truck where Tanley attempt to escape from his warehouse. After capturing the bomb, the cart lands into Tanley\'s truck and explodes seconds later. Haru successfully rescues Alison, and Tanley and his surviving henchmen are arrested. Sometimes later, Haru talks to his sensei about returning to Beverly Hills to live with Alison and where the place do not have ninjas there. Haru and Alison later ride together on the bus, which accidentally drags a rope tied into Gobei\'s wheelchair. Haru shouts an apology to Gobei, who is thrown into the ocean at the end of the film.'] ["Struggling to survive the murderous gang wars of Hong Kong, Tan Tung, a young martial arts street fighter, successfully takes on all challengers—until he runs up against the savage underworld empire of Hong Kong's Triad mafia. Escaping to San Francisco, he again tangles with criminal gangs, but this time fights his way to the top of the city's most feared gangster organization led by the White Dragon boss . At last, his rise to power leads to a final, murderous, gang-land war for control of all Chinatown. And in the end, Tan Tung must decide whether he will use his awesome skills to fight for evil...or for to help his best friend Yang Ching."] ["The Emperor's Minister of State Cheng, an authoritarian ruler, arranges for Hu Lung, one of his old students to distract General Chow while he assassinates the leader of the Ming rebels. Chow hunts for Hu Lung, but must avoid the authorities since he is a suspect in the murder. He eventually finds Chow, but is thwarted by Hu Lung's master, Phillip Ko, and Minister Cheng's hired enforcer, Shen Yu. Shen Yu is hunting for Chow in order to arrest him. Although Shen Yu wants to arrest Chow, he does not kill him, preferring that he goes to court first. This goes against Minister Cheng's orders to kill him. Hu Lung and Chow escape in the ensuing confrontation between Shen Yu and Phillip Ko. Hu Long confesses to his master that he was ordered to kill the rebel leader, and Phillip Co confronts Minister Cheng. Chow learns iron armour and later iron finger. from a young child and his sister to defeat the Invincible Armor technique, but his training is cut short when Shen Yu arrives to arrest him again. He gives Chow three days to clear his name. Minister Chang's plot is eventually exposed, and he is confronted by Chow, Shen Yu, and others."] ["When Takayama , the governor of Tokyo, is murdered, it falls on ex-CIA agent Travis Hunter  to track down those responsible. And rookie FBI agent Sean Mac  is assigned to work with Hunter on the case. It was the FBI who actually asked the CIA's Tokyo office to look into the killing, believing it to be linked to the Yakuza, a dangerous Japanese mafia, so the CIA is sniffing around under the auspices of Homeland Security. Mac proves to be more of a distraction, not really knowledgeable about procedures or Japanese customs. Hunter was raised in Japan, and has a strong understanding of the Yakuza and their mysterious, eccentric, and sinister ways. Hunter and Mac discover a plan by Kuroda , the rising leader of a new Yakuza outfit, to build an enormous drug-dealing network with a Chinese Tong outfit leader named Chen , and Kuroda is killing everyone who gets in his way. It was Kuroda who had the governor killed. Hunter turns for help to Kojima , the second-in-command of an old school Yakuza outfit run by elderly Oyabun Ishikawa . Hunter has been told that Kojima is the only Yakuza player who is capable of defeating Kuroda. Hunter visits Kojima, who says that now that the new Yakuza are joining forces with the Tongs, they are becoming too powerful. Kojima tells Hunter that Kojima would love nothing more than to permanently get rid of Kuroda. So who will get to Kuroda first—Hunter or Kojima? As Hunter gets closer to Kuroda, he begins to endanger everyone associated with him. First, Kuroda has Ishikawa killed, making Kojima the new leader of Ishikawa's Yakuza outfit. When Kuroda has Hunter's fiance Nayako  brutally murdered, Hunter's search for Kuroda becomes devastatingly personal. Teaming up with CIA spook Jewel  and tattoo artist Kawamura , whose wife and young child were killed by Kuroda, Hunter sets out to take down Kuroda in his hiding place in a temple. They arrive at the temple of Kuroda and they brutally kill all the members with katana swords. Akayo arrives to slaughter some members and teams up with the two men. Kawamura is shot by Kuroda. Hunter then battles Kuroda and kills him by slashing his chest. They leave the crime scene after that. The three offer their respect to Nayako during a worship service and a ceremony is held to make a replacement of a leader. The hiding place of Kuroda is cleaned up with blue spray even his and all of the dead bodies and weapons. Hunter then walks to the park where he and Nayako used to stay."] ['The blind masseur Zatoichi is hired by yakuza gang-leader Sukejoro Iioka  as he thinks that war is inevitable with the rival yakuza Shigezo Sasagawa . Zatoichi has a distinguished reputation as a swordsman and Sukejoro thinks he is money well spent. Shigezo responds by hiring a ronin of similar repute, Miki Hirate . Ichi is a meek and humble man who is commonly underestimated by most men, and looked upon suspiciously. His being a masseur, which was a position of low regard in feudal Japan, merely increases the hostility that is shown towards him. They even try to take advantage of his blindness in a gambling den, but from early on it is clear that Zatoichi draws strength from his disability. The only person who respects him is Hirate, who has a similar code of practice. Though Hirate and Ichi know they must fight when the war begins, they develop a kind of friendship. Hirate is eager to fight Zatoichi, as he is terminally ill with tuberculosis. As Hirate becomes increasingly sick, Sukejoro decides to attack Shigezo. He also tells Ichi that he is no longer needed. However, as the war begins, Sukejoro informs Hirate of his fallback plan since Hirate is ill, that he intends to shoot Ichi with his rifle. Hirate drags himself from his bed to fight Zatoichi on the condition that the rifle is left behind. Ichi learns from a boy at the temple where Hirate was staying that Hirate will be fighting after all, and also learns the reason. Zatoichi travels to the battle to duel with the dying samurai. After the tense final fight, in which Zatoichi prevails, Zatoichi leaves Iioka and rejects the advances of Otane , who has become disillusioned with the yakuza lifestyle, to continue as a solitary wanderer.'] ['A con-artist meets a tough fighter and sees him as her ticket to a better life. The two make an agreement and head off to New Orleans to arrange a match with "the man" - the mysterious king of bare-knuckled boxing. There are no rules for this fight...one man wins when the other dies.'] ['The film takes place with the summoning of a |Japanese martial artist Ken Tami  , assigned on a U.S. Governmental mission to retrieve a top secret laser tracking device that was on board a shot down F-111 jet. Ken Tami along with the assistance of his brave two young sons and his female CIA aide Patricia Parker  must track down the tracking device before all ends, as Ken inevitably comes face to face with an unknown skilled enemy in the form of a KGB team leader named Andrei .'] ["Fong Sai-yuk and his wife, Ting-ting, are now full fledged members of the Red Flower Society. Fong Sai-yuk's godfather, Chan Ka-lok, is the leader of the society, and he intends to groom Fong to become his successor. Chan Ka-lok's deputy, the ruthless Yu Chun-hoi, stands in Fong Sai-yuk's way and attempts to harm him. The society's members are unaware that Chan Ka-lok is actually the younger brother of the Kin-lung Emperor, and they may renounce their loyalty to Chan Ka-lok if they discover his true identity. Meanwhile, some Japanese rōnin find evidence of Chan Ka-lok's birth and attempt to pass it to the emperor. Chan Ka-lok sends Fong Sai-yuk to stop the rōnin but Fong is distracted by a young damsel in distress during the battle, and he focuses on rescuing her instead of retrieving the evidence. At a critical moment when Fong Sai-yuk is almost killed by the rōnin, his mother, Miu Chui-fa, arrives and saves him. Despite so, the rōnin get away and pass the evidence to viceroy Suen Si-ngai. The woman that Fong Sai-yuk rescued earlier is actually Suen On-yee, the viceroy's daughter. Chan Ka-lok plans for Fong Sai-yuk to enter a martial arts contest to win On-yee's hand in marriage and use the opportunity to steal the evidence from the viceroy. On-yee has already fallen in love with Fong Sai-yuk and marries him for real, much to the dislike of Ting-ting. However, the viceroy is aware of Fong Sai-yuk's true intention and the contest turns out to be a trap for Fong. On-yee manages to persuade her father to release Fong Sai-yuk by threatening to commit suicide. Fong Sai-yuk returns to the society and admits to have failed in his mission. Since he had made a promise earlier that he will disable himself if he fails the mission, the cunning Yu Chun-hoi forces Chan Ka-lok to abide by the agreement, and Chan cripples Fong, rendering him unable to practice martial arts in future. While Fong Sai-yuk recovers, Yu Chun-hoi instigates the society's members to turn against Chan Ka-lok and seizes the position of leader. Yu Chun-hoi then sends his men to kill Fong Sai-yuk in order to silence him. Fong Sai-yuk escapes, but his mother is captured by Yu Chun-hoi. To save his mother, Fong Sai-yuk returns and fights his way through, blindfolding himself so that he will not see his former fellows spilling blood. Apparently, he has not been disabled at all, and he defeats and kills Yu Chun-hoi after an intense fight. Fong Sai-yuk saves his godfather from prison and restores him to his leadership position. By the end of the film, Fong Sai-yuk's two wives have come to terms with each other, such that they can talk and behave in absolute unison. Fong Sai-yuk decides to retire from the martial arts community and spend the rest of his life with his family."] ['Samuel Edward "Sam" Makin  is a tough New York City street cop and Vietnam-era Marine Corps veteran unwillingly recruited as an assassin for a secret United States organization, CURE. The recruitment is through a bizarre method: his death is faked so that there will be no questions asked as to his disappearance. Rechristened "Remo Williams" , his face is surgically altered and he is trained to be a human killing machine by his aged, derisive and impassive Korean martial arts master Chiun . Though Remo\'s training is extremely rushed by Chiun\'s standards, Remo learns such skills as dodging bullets and running  on wet cement. Chiun teaches Remo the Korean martial art named "Sinanju". Remo\'s instruction is interrupted when he is sent by CURE to investigate a corrupt weapons procurement program within the US Army.'] ['Taoist priest Kau is engaged to perform a reburial for a deceased rich man. Together with his inept students Man-choi and Chau-sang, Kau discovers that the corpse is still almost intact and looks alive. They attempt to prevent the corpse from resurrecting by drawing magical lines all over the coffin, but the corpse still breaks out and becomes a geung si . The vampire runs amok and starts killing many people while Kau and his students try to stop it. In one battle, Man-choi is bitten by the vampire and infected with the "vampire virus", causing him to almost turn into a vampire as well. Meanwhile, Chau-sang is seduced by a female ghost and nearly loses his soul to her. Kau has a hard time dealing with his students\' problems and putting an end to the vampire\'s rampage.'] ['Ken O\'Hara  is a "Mindhunter" - a serial killer specialist enlisted to find the mass murderer  intent on killing the strongest fighters in New York City. Trying to catch this cunning and clever killer is the hardest assignment Ken has ever had. Now, the moon is rising again and he must use all of his resources to hunt down the murderer....or he may be the next to die.'] ['The movie starts out with Lee Ho getting both of his arms chopped off by the white-faced henchman known as White, while another man named Tang supervises. It is declared that Lee Ho has betrayed his master, Lin Chang Cao, the boss of the Pluahchi organization, and thus his punishment is justified. Tang is congratulated for carrying out his master\'s orders and is praised for his loyalty. After getting his arms cut off and thrown out of the dojo, Lee Ho walks into town to try to get some food. He gets beat up in a restaurant by the bouncer and left for dead with the local coffin maker. The henchmen Black and White then show up and start beating up the coffin maker and Lee Ho. Lee Ho escapes and runs for his life into the wilderness. Lee Ho comes across a small rural farm and begins to work as hired help. It is here that he learns to live without his arms; he becomes resourceful at using his stump and chin as a gripping device.   In the next scene, we find Tang getting punished by Lin Chang Cao for "knowing too much". Instead of having his arms chopped off, Tang is held down and has acid poured on his legs. Tang is also cast away into the wilderness to die. As he stumbles over rocks by the river, Tang meets up with Lee Ho, who is determined to get his revenge. Lee Ho drags Tang into a cave and begins to beat him to death. Before he can finish him off, a mysterious Old Man comes out of nowhere and announces that he will start training the two cripples so that they can get revenge on Lin Chang Cao. At the Old Man\'s secret training grounds, both Lee Ho and Tang learn kung fu that complements their disabilities. With their new moves, together they go back to town and take revenge on the restaurant that gave Lee Ho a hard time earlier in the movie. The movie then cuts to Lin Chang Cao instructing his henchman to go attack some jewelry thieves. Cao\'s right-hand man Pow, along with Black and White go into the wilderness and take stolen jewelry away from the thieves. On their way back to the Lin Chang Cao\'s headquarters, they meet up with Lee Ho and Tang. This is the first time the two Crippled Masters fight together; they succeed in killing Black and White, but let Pow escape back to report what happened to Lin Chang Cao. Back in town, Pow gets into a fight with a random man named Ho in front of a whore house. Lin Chang Cao instructs Pow to hire Ho to kill the Crippled Masters. After Ho proves his kung fu ability to Lin Chang Cao, he is hired to be a guard at the main headquarters. The Old Man instructs Lee Ho and Tang to sneak back into Lin Chang Cao\'s headquarters and steal back the Eight Jade Horses. Apparently many years ago, the Old Man found this ancient treasure only to have it stolen away by Lin Chang Cao. Under the cover of darkness, the three infiltrate Lin Chang Cao\'s compound and steal the box containing the horses. But they are discovered as they flee and are followed by Ho. After a big fight scene, Ho tells Lee Ho and Tang that he is a provincial government agent sent to find the missing Eight Jade Horses. He also tells them that the horses are special because they depict special kung fu techniques. Ho then tries to fight Lin Chang Cao but is unable to defeat him; Lin Chang Cao has a special metal plate in his back that protects him from punches and kicks. Lee Ho and Tang must break back into Lin Chang Cao\'s headquarters to rescue Ho. As they escape, they are again followed by henchmen. In anticipation to the final showdown, Lee Ho and Tang study the moves from the Eight Jade Horses. Lin Chang Cao shows up and beats up the Old Man. But the Crippled Masters get the final revenge as they band together and beat Lin Chang Cao, ending his reign of terror.'] ['The film begins in Seattle. Seattle police officers Madam Yeung Lai-ching , Donnie Yen, and their Caucasian partner Peter Woods tail a group of Chinese cocaine dealers through a mall. Madam Yeung and Peter tail them to a seaport that night, where a shipment has just arrived from Hong Kong. Chinese workmen load crates into the drug dealers\' truck. Madam Yeung, in defiance of Peter, acrobatically infiltrates the docks and enters the truck, but is caught by one of the workmen, Luk Wan-ting . She convinces him that she\'s a stowaway illegal immigrant from Hong Kong, and he takes her to his nearby attic apartment, where he gives her some money to help her, as he and his brother too were illegal immigrants for seven years. He has just obtained legal ID cards for both of them. She tries to stealthily check in with Peter, who is tailing the cocaine dealers to an unknown location, but Luk grows suspicious and catches her. Just then Luk\'s brother Ming  crashes in through a skylight, pursued by six armed thugs to whom he owes $20,000 due to his gambling addiction. Luk attacks the thugs to save Ming, revealing that he has some martial arts skill. Madam Yeung joins the fight against the thugs. Together they drive the thugs away. She returns Luk\'s money and leaves. The next morning, Madam Yeung realizes that one of the Chinese cocaine dealers is following her. She ambushes him, and they fight. He has some martial arts skill, but not as much as her. After a minute he gives up and flees by jumping off a hundred-foot tower into the harbor. Meanwhile, Donnie tails one of the cocaine dealers to a restaurant, where his friend Captain Michael Wong happens to be having breakfast with a girl. He comes over to say hi to Donnie, inadvertently obscuring Donnie\'s view as the cocaine dealer leaves. Both of them run outside in search of the criminal, but are ambushed by a couple martial artists. Donnie easily beats up both thugs and arrests them. Elsewhere, Peter has tailed the cocaine dealers to a mining corporation warehouse on the docks, where they sell cocaine to a Caucasian gang. Peter attempts to arrest them all, revealing that the Caucasians\' leader is a CIA officer named Mr. Robinson, which the Hong Kong dealers didn\'t know. He photographs Mr. Robinson in the act of the cocaine deal. Mr. Robinson draws a concealed shotgun and shoots Peter in the torso, and then he and his men shoot all the Chinese dealers dead . They try to retrieve the camera, but Peter is still alive, and he flees the warehouse even as Mr. Robinson shoots him again. Outside, he crashes into Luk, hands him his gun and the negative of the photo, and tells him to give it to the police. Then Mr. Robinson and his men catch up and shoot him dead. They open fire at Luk too, but Luk flees behind a shed and accidentally drops the negative into the ocean. Mr. Robinson and his men continue to pursue Luk and shoot at him, but Luk is rescued at the last moment by the arrival of the Seattle police. Mr. Robinson and his men jump into their car and escape. Madam Yeung, Donnie, and the other officers drive up and find their partner\'s corpse and Luk with a gun. They arrest Luk. At the Seattle police station, Donnie interrogates Luk, thinking he was a member of the Hong Kong gang and convinced that he hid the negative somewhere, while Luk proclaims his innocence. Donnie\'s interrogation is interrupted by a higher ranking officer, and Donnie leaves the interrogation room. The new officer threatens Luk to give him the negative, and brutally beats him with a baton when he claims he doesn\'t know where it is. Luk defends himself and knocks out the corrupt officer, then puts on his uniform and sneaks out of the police station. Luk goes to Ming\'s apartment, and Ming gives up his ID card, which Luk worked for seven years to get him, to get $3000 for a seat on a ship to take Luk back to Hong Kong that night. It is revealed that Luk is skilled at repairing Ming\'s TV antenna. Just then a couple of gunmen enter the apartment in search of Luk. Ming sacrifices his life to save Luk, while Luk keeps trying to save Ming until he dies, then finally flees. Just as Luk reaches the apartment complex\'s exit, Madam Yeung and Donnie pull up outside, having come to arrest him. Luk runs back in. Madam Yeung and Donnie split up to search the apartment complex. Donnie sees Luk and chases him onto the rooftop, where Luk ambushes him, and they fight. Donnie almost immediately gets the advantage and beats up Luk, who flees, jumping from rooftops with Donnie in hot pursuit. Luk jumps onto a Budget truck and rides it away. Donnie, still convinced that Luk is a cocaine dealer, draws his gun and takes aim, but Madam Yeung appears and knocks it away to save the potentially innocent Luk, who escapes. Back at the Seattle police station, Donnie\'s superior orders him off the case because he has no faith in him, and replaces him with Michael. Donnie requests to stay on the case as Michael\'s partner, and Michael convinces their superior to allow it. That night, Luk goes to board the ship to Hong Kong. He has to sell his ID card as well to buy passage. Donnie gets information that Luk escaped to Hong Kong on that ship, and he, Michael, and Madam Yeung fly to Hong Kong, arriving before the ship. When the ship reaches port, the Hong Kong police board it to arrest Luk. Luk flees to the other side of the ship and jumps off onto a cargo dock, then lies atop a giant cargo container as a forklift carries it through the police barrier. Donnie climbs atop a tall stack of cargo containers and sees Luk escape. Luk goes to a phone booth and calls his mother, who lives in Hong Kong, to tell her that he\'s returned and will see her soon. Donnie catches up with him and chases him to a beach, where they fight. Madam Yeung arrives and yells at Donnie to stop beating Luk, finally pointing her gun at him. Donnie knocks her gun into the ocean, and she attacks him. Their fight is broken up by Michael and the Hong Kong police, and Luk is arrested again. Michael, Madam Yeung, and a Hong Kong police officer ride with Luk toward the Hong Kong police station in the back of an ambulance. Madam Yeung interrogates Luk, who tells her that a Seattle police officer attacked him in the station. Michael tries to convince Luk to let him extradite him back to the U.S. Just then a large blue truck pulls up alongside them, and two thugs, one of them played by John Salvitti, jump from it onto the roof of the ambulance. Salvitti swings around and kicks through the driver\'s window, knocking out the driver and taking his place. The other thug throws a gas bomb through the window into the back. The gas knocks out Michael, Luk, and the Hong Kong police officer, but Madam Yeung grabs the ambulance\'s inhaler and uses it to avoid the gas until the thug breaks in through the rear doors. She kicks him out, and he climbs back onto the roof. She climbs up after him, and they fight on the roof of the speeding ambulance. He kicks her off, but she does a 720 degree backflip, kicks through the side windows, and hangs upside down by her feet, her head almost striking the road. She struggles to get back up, but he kicks her down again, and she clings to the ambulance, her dragging feet almost getting sucked under the rear wheels. He climbs down and kicks her repeatedly, but she manages to pull herself up and kick him away, then climb over to the broken driver\'s window and attack Salvitti. Salvitti draws a gun and opens fire at her, and she ends up falling off the front of the ambulance and clinging to the grill, her feet dragging on the road underneath the ambulance. Salvitti speeds forward and attempts to crush her between the ambulance and the rear of the blue truck, but she manages to climb free enough to throw herself out of the way and roll out on the road behind the vehicles as they escape with Luk and Michael as captives. Madam Yeung organizes a Hong Kong police search team for them. Meanwhile, Luk and Michael are tortured by being tied up in a freezer. A thug played by Paul Wong interrogates, beats, and further tortures them, seeking the negative. Michael manages to free himself from his bonds and knock out the thug, then free Luk. Michael tries to convince Luk to give him the negative, and Luk begins to tell him about it, but they\'re interrupted by the arrival of a thug played by Michael Woods. Luk and Michael get separated, and Luk hides in a parked car. Michael meets up with three thugs - John Salvitti, Michael Woods, and Stephan Berwick. It is revealed that he is their boss. Meanwhile, Luk uses his electronics skills to get the car\'s radio working, and he contacts the Hong Kong police headquarters, who locate the signal\'s source and come to rescue him. Then Michael finds Luk and asks for the negative again. Luk tells him that he lost the negative, and he doesn\'t know where, but he saw the murderer of the American cop and could recognize him. Michael surreptitiously reaches for his gun, but just then Madam Yeung and the Hong Kong police arrive. They take Luk back into custody, and Michael declares that he\'s going to extradite him back to the U.S. Madam Yeung drives Luk toward the airport to be flown back to the U.S. On the way, Luk requests to see his mother before leaving. Madam Yeung is reluctantly convinced, and she drives Luk to his mother\'s home, where they have an emotional conversation as Luk and his mother are overjoyed to see each other, but Luk\'s mother is devastated by learning that he is suspected of a crime severe enough to involve U.S. police. They also meet up with Donnie. Madam Yeung, Luk, and Donnie walk outside and are attacked by Salvitti, who rides up on a motorcycle and opens fire with an automatic rifle, shooting Luk in the heart. Madam Leung and Donnie carry Luk and flee. Donnie lures Salvitti away while Madam Leung gets Luk to the nearest hospital. Donnie ambushes Salvitti and fights him. Salvitti is almost a match for him, but Donnie manages to beat him up and arrest him. The next morning, at the hospital, Luk is unconscious but past the most dangerous period and will likely recover. Madam Yeung and Donnie argue, with Donnie accusing Madam Yeung of too much sentimentality, particularly for having let Luk see his mother and thereby exposing him to danger, and Madam Yeung accusing Donnie of too much impulsiveness and egotistical attitude. Then Madam Yeung\'s superior enters the room and berates her for granting Luk\'s request, but Donnie defends her by claiming responsibility for the decision. Afterward she tries to thank him, but he avoids her. Michael meets with the Chinese cocaine dealer and tells him that his cocaine and Michael\'s money were both lost to the police, but he promises revenge. The dealer drives off, accompanied by a tough-looking Caucasian woman . Later, at the Hong Kong police headquarters, Donnie interrogates Salvitti while Madam Yeung and Michael watch. Donnie reveals that Salvitti has a distinctive tattoo on his forearm, which he explains is a sign of the Field Troop of the U.S. Navy – the symbol of Black Fox, Troop 3. According to the Pentagon\'s records, on October 26, 1979, was entirely destroyed in the civil war of Nicaragua, but a suspect killed in this case in the U.S. the previous month also had this tattoo. Salvitti taunts Donnie, who brutally beats him. Salvitti surreptitiously injects himself with a concealed needle and dies, making it look like he died from Donnie\'s beating. Later that day, Michael takes Donnie to the airport, telling him the Hong Kong police complained that Donnie\'s violence caused Salvitti\'s death, so Michael has to transfer him back to Seattle. Donnie tricks Michael into thinking he\'s left, but then doubles back, suspicious. That night, Michael takes Madam Yeung to dinner at a nice restaurant, and the Chinese cocaine dealer plants a bomb under her car. Madam Yeung narrowly avoids the explosion and attacks the dealer, but his female bodyguard drives up and rescues him, and they escape. Later that night, Stephan Berwick rappels down the outside of the hospital and shoots what he thinks is Luk with an automatic rifle through the window, but it\'s a decoy dummy, and the doctors in the room reveal themselves to be disguised Hong Kong policemen, and they draw their guns and return fire. Berwick flees. Madam Yeung sends the officers after him, then goes to the room where Luk actually is and checks up on him. He\'s still unconscious. The room is attacked by Paul Wong, who takes Madam Yeung by surprise and stabs her in the neck with a tranquilizer syringe, then draws a large knife and attacks her as she struggles to stay awake. The doctor tries to interfere, but Paul stabs him to death, cuts Madam Yeung, and knocks her out of the way. He tries to kill the unconscious Luk, but Madam Yeung saves him for a few more seconds. Finally he knocks her back again and she\'s too close to unconsciousness to move, but at the last moment Donnie bursts into the room and attacks Paul. They fight briefly before Donnie kills him. The next morning, Madam Yeung is recuperating in a church along with Donnie and the still-unconscious Luk. She asks him why he didn\'t return to the U.S., and he explains that he felt something was wrong about the death of Salvitti. She knows that he suspects Michael is one of the criminals, but he doesn\'t want to admit it, as they\'re good friends. They argue, but then come to an understanding. Just then Luk wakes and explains all that happened from his perspective. Later that day, Madam Yeung\'s superior orders her to let Michael take Luk back to the U.S. Madam Yeung secretly organizes a Hong Kong police raid of the Chinese drug dealers\' lab, but tells Michael, who comes with her, that they\'re just going to get Luk. They enter the lab, and a huge gunfight breaks out. Madam Yeung pursues the ringleader into a metal stairwell and kills him. His female bodyguard attacks her, and they have a long and brutal fight. Finally the female bodyguard falls down an elevator shaft to her death, despite Madam Yeung\'s last-minute attempt to save her. As a consequence of Madam Yeung\'s insubordinate actions, the Hong Kong police chief is forced to declare her under arrest. However, she hasn\'t returned with Michael. Meanwhile, back at the church, Luk identifies Mr. Robinson to Donnie, who recognizes him as a CIA officer. Madam Yeung goes to Luk\'s mother\'s house. There she is ambushed by Michael Woods and Stephan Berwick, who beat her up and capture her, having already abducted Luk\'s mother. She\'s rescued by the arrival of a Hong Kong police squad, who chase Michael and Stephan away. One officer stays behind to arrest Madam Yeung, but she knocks him out and flees. Donnie confronts Michael about his suspicions. Michael reveals that he is a CIA officer, and that his division, which includes Mr. Robinson, sells drugs to raise money in order to support a Latin American anti-government force, which is in the U.S.\'s political interests. He invites Donnie to join them. Donnie refuses, and Michael reveals a deadly syringe concealed in his shoe and unleashes a flurry of quick, vicious kicks at Donnie, who avoids them all and starts to gain the advantage until Michael draws a gun. Donnie flees on foot into the streets, but the hidden tape on which he recorded Michael\'s confession is destroyed. Michael sees that there was a tape, but doesn\'t realize it\'s broken. Michael sends Woods and Berwick after Donnie on motorcycles. Donnie narrowly avoids them for a brief, stunt-filled chase, and then he jumps up and kicks Berwick off his motorcycle and steals it. A long motorcycle chase and fight ensues between him and Woods throughout the streets, hills, and obstacle-filled back alleys of Hong Kong. Finally Donnie gains the advantage, but Woods escapes. Donnie meets up with Madam Yeung, but Michael has framed Donnie for a crime, and now both of them are pursued by the police in a desperate foot chase through a parking garage. They hide in a car trunk, but are found by the Hong Kong police chief. However, the chief conceals them and lets them go, warning them that he can\'t help them a second time. Back in the church, Donnie, Madam Yeung, and Luk re-convene, and Madam Yeung reveals that Luk\'s mother has been abducted. Luk re-bandages his chest wound and prepares to go rescue her. On Madam Yeung\'s suggestion, they call Michael and offer to trade the incriminating tape for Luk\'s mother. Madam Yeung, Donnie, and Luk walk into Michael\'s building as Michael watches them on a security camera. A steel gate crashes down behind them. They meet with Michael and his sadistic Chinese bodyguard. Donnie throws the tape to Michael, who catches it, then draws a gun to kill them all. Madam Yeung draws a remote trigger switch and declares that the "tape" Michael is holding is a bomb. She makes Michael unload his gun and throw it away, and Luk demands the return of his mother. On Michael\'s order, his bodyguard opens a blind to reveal that Luk\'s mother is hanging from ropes outside a grated window, still alive. Luk charges at the window, but it\'s electrified, and he\'s thrown to the floor, shocked. Using this distraction, Michael leaps forward and attacks Donnie and Madam Leung. Berwick appears and attacks Madam Leung, and Michael focuses on Donnie. Luk gets up and tries to break the electrified window to reach his mother, but the Chinese bodyguard attacks him with skilled kicks. Three simultaneous fights ensue. Donnie kicks Michael down a staircase and pursues him away from the others. The Chinese bodyguard brutally beats the outmatched Luk, reopening his chest wound. Madam Leung and Berwick have an intense back-and-forth fight before she finally kills him with a kick to the throat. The Chinese bodyguard renders Luk all but unconscious and is about to kill him, but Madam Leung intervenes, and a fight begins between her and the bodyguard. She is more than a match for him, and she soon knocks him out. Donnie chases Michael throughout the building, beating him whenever he catches him, until Michael finds a decorative sword and uses it to attack Donnie. Donnie narrowly avoids the blade until Madam Yeung appears with another sword and begins an armed duel with Michael. Donnie climbs to the rooftop to save Luk\'s mother, but finds her guarded by Woods. They have by far the longest and most spectacular fight in the film as Woods pushes Donnie to his uttermost limits, almost killing him multiple times and finally throwing him to the edge of the roof. Finally Donnie manages to knock Woods off the roof and to his death with a flying kick. Luk rescues his mother. Michael defeats Madam Leung in their sword duel, cutting her and knocking her to the floor, stunned. He\'s about to kill her, but Luk saves her and manages to disarm Michael. Michael viciously beats Luk, but Luk\'s mother reloads the gun and saves him with it. Michael disarms her, but Madam Leung recovers and attacks the now unarmed Michael, gaining the advantage. Michael retrieves the tape bomb and its trigger and takes Luk hostage as Madam Leung retrieves the gun. They reach a standoff, but then Madam Leung shoots Michael through the hand, and she and Luk kick him through a glass railing and off a high ledge to his death. In an epilogue, viewers learn that Mr. Robinson was found guilty of drug trafficking and sent to prison.'] ['In feudal Japan 1603, a boy is being chased by four samurai on horseback. As they go into the woods, a mysterious woman emerges from the underbrush and watches closely. However, the samurai eventually capture and take the boy, revealed to be prince Kenshin, with them. In the present, April O\'Neil has been shopping at the flea market in preparation for her upcoming vacation. She brings her friends gifts to cheer them up. Michelangelo is given a lampshade, Donatello is given an old radio, Leonardo is given a book on swords and Raphael is to receive a fedora, but having stormed off earlier, he is never formally given it. For Splinter, she brings an ancient Japanese scepter. Back in the past, Kenshin is being scolded at by his father, Lord Norinaga. He leaves his father\'s presence and throws priests out of a temple. There, he finds the same scepter and reads the inscription: "Open Wide the Gates of Time". In the present, April is looking at the scepter and it begins to light up and a small bit inside begins to spin. She is then sent back in time and Kensin forward in time. Before he storms off, Walker, an English trader, is introduced. Upon arrival, April is kidnapped and put in prison. Lord Norinaga wants her to suffer. Back in the present, the turtles are freaking out of this and are dubbed "kappa", which is a water demon in Japan. They make friends with Kenshin and decide to go back in time to get April. But according to Donatello\'s calculations; they must do it within 60 hours, otherwise the scepter\'s power will disappear due to the space-time continuum being out of sync. They bring Casey back to watch over the lair, and that is well enough, as four Honor Guards are replaced by the turtles. Back in time, the turtles arrive on horses, and Michelangelo can\'t ride properly and gets kidnapped. The scepter was also taken with him. The others go to search for April. When they get to a more populated area they are quickly mistaken for Honor Guards. They find themselves in the jail after following one of Walker\'s thugs. After a sloppy rescue, involving another captured person , they are all left alone without a clue where to go. Meanwhile, in the present, Kenshin is getting impatient and Casey introduces him, and the Honor Guards, to hockey. An attack on the turtles, again mistaken for the Honor Guards, leads them to Mitsu, leader of the rebellion against Lord Norinaga. They find that Mitsu\'s village is being burned to the ground and they go to save it. Two men let Michelangelo out of his prison, thinking him an Honor Guard. He shows them his face and they run away. Michelangelo insists that he is a "beautiful princess in disguise", but he is distracted by swords. Michaelangelo saves a boy named Yoshi from a fire, then Leo helps by performing CPR. Anguished by the loss of the scepter, the turtles decide to make a new one. Walker continues bargaining with Lord Norinaga over the lord buying guns for gold or silver. Michelangelo wastes no time teaching some of the people about pizza, but when he bites down, he bites the pan and decides it is a frizbee. Raph gets in touch with his sensitive side as well, through the child Yoshi. Back in the present, the Honor Guards from the past are challenged to a hockey game by Casey. To his dismay, he finds they think hockey is beating up each other. In the past, the new scepter is completed, only to be dropped by Michelangelo and Raphael. Mitsu informs them that Lord Norinaga has guns and will attack the next day. After being nice to Yoshi, Raphael receives the original scpeter from him as a gift. They are overjoyed to see it, but angry at Mitsu because they felt she hid it to force them to fight. Mitsu is then kidnapped by the man they saved when they saved April. They go to save her, and after a while of fighting, Leonardo defeats Lord Norinaga, comedically finishing him by cutting his hair. Walker now has the scepter, and uses it to his advantage. He tries to escape by tossing it off a rooftop, only to forget his precious birds. The turtles catch the scepter, and the very man who betrayed them finished Walker by knocking him into the ocean. The turtles then debate whether to or not to go home. The scepter activates, making their decision harder. They all decide to go, but Michelangelo misses the ride home. After the other turtles return to the present, the Honor Guard who replaced Michelangelo runs off with the scepter. A flash of light occurs, and Michelangelo comes back. He is depressed, until Splinter puts the lampshade on his head as a joke. Then the turtles end it off with another dance number.'] ['Los Angeles  cop Chris Kenner  is an American who was raised in Japan. He is given a new partner, Johnny Murata , an American of partial Japanese descent. Kenner does not appreciate American culture, while Johnny does not much like Japanese culture. One thing they both enjoy are the martial arts, of which they are both experts. The two are assigned to L.A.\'s Little Tokyo, where they break up some criminal activity in a Japanese restaurant, and an arrest is made. While Kenner and Johnny are questioning the suspect, Kenner loses his temper and rips the suspect\'s shirt, and the tattoos that Kenner sees on the suspect remind Kenner of when he was 9 years old, a time when he witnessed his parents being killed by a member of the Yakuza. The tattoos are the trademark of the Iron Claw Yakuza clan. However, before Kenner or Murata can get any information out of the suspect, he kills himself in the interrogation room by breaking his own neck. On the other side of town, the leader of the Iron Claw, Yoshida , kills the owner of a popular downtown nightclub called the Bonsai Club by crushing the owner, Tanaka , in a car compactor. To celebrate "gaining" ownership of the Bonsai Club, Yoshida throws a party at his house with all of the club staff. One of the girls at the party, named Angel , is revealed to have warned Tanaka about Yoshida behind his back, and this infuriates Yoshida. Yoshida questions Angel about her loyalty, and she attempts to appease Yoshida by offering her body to him. Yoshida then drugs Angel and strips off her clothes, and then fondles her from behind before beheading her. When the coroner runs an analysis on Angel\'s body, it is revealed that she had a large amount of methamphetamines in her system  which would have led to her death anyway. This discovery of drugs, together with the suspect having Yakuza tattoos, cause Kenner and Johnny to go to the Bonsai Club in search of information. There they meet lounge singer Minako Okeya , who was a good friend of Angel\'s. Before they can get any useful information out of her, they are ambushed and taken to see the nightclub\'s owner—and Kenner recognizes the owner Yoshida as the man who killed his parents. Yoshida is now a drug manufacturer using a local brewery as his distribution center. He uses smaller gangs such as the Hells Angels, Crips and Sureños to peddle the drugs for him, in return for a percentage of the profit. Kenner and Johnny escape from the nightclub. Later that night, Yoshida rapes and kidnaps Minako and vows to kill Kenner. Kenner and Johnny set out for Yoshida\'s heavily guarded home, where they rescue Minako. His pride wounded, Yoshida sends his men out to get Minako back. He has Kenner and Johnny captured and tortured, but Kenner and Johnny manage to escape, and they take on Yoshida and his men in a battle to the death.'] ["In 1375, a small political envoy travels to Ming China to meet the emperor. Mistaken for spies, the envoy is arrested. Their prisoner transport is attacked by Mongol marauders, who kill the Chinese guards and allow the Koreans to live. All the Korean ambassadors have died, leaving the inexperienced general Choi-Jung to take charge. The soldiers arm themselves and quickly discover that the Mongols have kidnapped the Ming emperor's daughter. They ambush the Mongols and rescue the princess. Yeo-sol, the former slave of an ambassador, defeats the injured Mongol general Rambulwha in single combat, but allows him to live and escape. The Koreans flee with the princess, determined to return her safely to the Ming emperor to atone for their diplomatic failure. The Mongols pursue, hoping to recover the princess and marry her to their khan so that he may legitimize his claim over all China. Koreans head for a seaside fortress that the princess tells them about, where they expect to find safe haven. Along the way, the Koreans pick up a group of Chinese peasants who are also fleeing from the Mongols. Fighting their way through Mongol search parties, the group experiences many internal conflicts stemming from social class, love, and honor. The lower-class soldiers chafe under their poor treatment in comparison to the soldiers of the upper-class. They have little confidence in their young general, and prefer taking orders from their veteran sergeant, Dae-Jung. The princess has difficulty adjusting to the rough necessities of her position on the run. Choi-Jung and Yeo-sol become nemeses, competing for the affections of the princess and exchanging blows on several occasions. The group reaches the fortress, only to find it an abandoned ruin. As the group prepare to mount a last stand, the princess attempts to give herself up to the Mongols. Yeo-sol and Choi-Jung recover her but Yeo-sol is captured. Rambulwha offers a place in his army for Yeo-sol, but as the Mongols mount an offensive, Yeo-sol returns to the Koreans. In the final battle, the Koreans' gunpowder defenses backfire. Yeo-sol sacrifices his life to save the princess, while Choi-Jung dies fighting Rambulwha, who is also killed. All the Mongols perish, while all the Koreans are killed except Dae-Jung. The princess stays with the peasants at the fortress and promises to tell her father of the Koreans' sacrifice. Dae-Jung builds a boat and sails back to Korea."] ["Jon Cold  is an ex-CIA agent who's now working for himself and offering his services to the highest bidder. Jon is hired to break James Donovan  out of prison. After the successful break, Jon takes James to see his brother, arms dealer Michael Donovan , the man who hired Jon to break James out. In gratitude, the Donovans hire Jon to help sell the parts for a small nuclear bomb to Nicholi , the leader of a Chechan terrorist group that is planning to blow up Los Angeles because the CIA killed the group's previous leader. Meanwhile, Jon's former protégé, agent Amanda Stuart , is spying on the Donovans for the CIA. The Donovans see her spying on them while they're in the middle of the deal with Nicholi. Jon rescues Amanda and takes Michael hostage. Nicholi really doesn't care what happens to Michael, so that doesn't really work as well as it should have. Jon and Amanda find themselves on the run, trying to keep the Donovans out of the way and stop Nicholi from blowing up the city. Also, Jon has been framed for the killings of some of his former CIA co-workers, so there's a shoot-on-sight directive on his head. It'll be a miracle of Jon can clear his name and keep Los Angeles from getting blown up."] ["A young female martial-arts champion, Cheng Tai-nun  marries an elderly landowner so the old man can keep his estate from falling into the greedy and unscrupulous hands of his brother Yu Yung-Sheng . Tai-nun inherits his estate when he dies, and is soon in Canton, staying with her older nephew by marriage, Yu Cheng-chuan , and his son Yu Tao ([[Hsiao Ho . When the traditional and conservative Tai-nun, a woman from the provinces, runs into the modern and Westernized Yu Tao for the first time, the sparks fly and a clash of egos begins. Meanwhile, the evil brother steals the deed to the dead husband's estate. Tai-nun and Yu Tao go to get the deed back and are beaten and held hostage by Yung-Sheng and his experts. Its then up to Yu Cheng-chuan and his brothers to rescue them."] ['Captain Zhao Wu Yi is the leader of the Brocade Guards, the governments secret police. The sergeant of the force is Zhao\'s elder son, Zhao Bu Fa. Zhao also has a younger son in the force, Zhao Bu Qun, whom he executes after he questioned him whether or not he would kill his father if he committed a crime, which he answered "No". The force works under a childish, womanizing Emperor who is irresponsible to his duties. The blood thirsty Eunuch Wang Zhen usually bribes the Emperor with woman and the Emperor gives his powers to the eunuch. Zhao Bu Fa has never been fond of the eunch. Eunuch Wang then orders The Brocade Guards to kill two righteous guards Yu Hua Long and Li Yi. Zhao refuses to kill them and resigned from the force. The furious eunuch then orders Zhao Wu Yi to kill his son and he sends his men to kill him also his trope is no match for Zhao so Zhao survives every time. Zhao then goes into hiding with his wife Xue Liang and son Ding Dong in his ancestral village where his whole clan are where his uncle Zhao Wu Ji is the leader. Things work out fine, until a message was sent to the village ordering the clan to Kill Zhao Bu Fa or they will be executed. The decide to kill Zhao, where later Zhao and his uncle engages in a duel where he kills his own uncle. Zhao\'s sister Wu Xiao Nan, who did not want to kill Zhao later gives Zhao a poisoned cup of tea and they later engage in a fight where Zhao kills Wu, and he and his family escape. They later meet up with Zhao\'s brother, who revealed that his execution was fake, it was just to show the Brocade Guards what will happen to them if they disobey an order. Bu Qun then treats his brother\'s poison and later he disguise as his brother and end up sacrificing himself for his brother and family to live a peaceful life. Xue Liang later repays his kindness by killing herself. The Jinyi troupe brings Bu Qun\'s head to show show Wu Yi, who is saddened and says that he actually does not want his son to die. Eunuch Wang later tries to completely take over the Emperor\'s throne. Later Zhao Bu Fa calls for a duel with Wang. They later engage in the duel in the mountains where in the process Zhao chops off Wang\'s left arm and later killing him by chopping him in half. After the duel, Zhao informs his father that he has killed Eunuch Wang.'] ['A Chinese man robs the Bank of England. To evade the police, he becomes the valet for Phileas Fogg, an inventor. Phileas is trying to break the 50-mph speed barrier, and after succeeding with the help of Passepartout, they head to the Royal Academy of Science. There, Fogg is insulted by the other "brilliant minds", in particular William Thomson, 1st Baron Kelvin, who believes that everything worth discovering has already been discovered. Phileas is pressured into a bet to see whether he can travel around the world in 80 days. If he wins he will become Minister of Science in Lord Kelvin\'s place, if not he will destroy his lab and never invent anything again. Phileas and Passepartout start their journey around the world, taking a carriage and leaving London after a confrontation with Inspector Fix, a corrupt officer hired by the Royal Academy of Science to stop them. Passepartout and Phileas journey to Paris. Pretending to take Phileas to a convention with Thomas Edison, Passepartout leads him to an art school where Phileas meets Monique La Roche, a would-be impressionist. There, Passepartout is attacked by warriors sent by General Fang, who is after the Jade Buddha that he stole. Fang had previously given it to Kelvin in exchange for military assistance in China. When Monique learns of Phileas\'s ambition, she convinces them to take her with them. They depart in a hot-air balloon, chased by Fang\'s warriors. Whilst on the Orient Express, Monique learns that Passepartout is trying to return the Jade Buddha back to his village, and is travelling with Phileas to get there quickly. Monique keeps his secret in exchange for him convincing Phileas to let her travel with him. They travel to Turkey, where they are greeted by Prince Hapi. The Prince orders Monique to stay as his seventh wife while the men are ordered to leave. The men blackmail Prince Hapi into releasing Monique using a prized but apparently flimsy "The Thinker" statue of the Prince. The statue is destroyed but the three travellers escape. Lord Kelvin learns that Phileas has been involuntarily abetting a thief\'s escape. He orders the British colonial authorities in India to arrest both. Passepartout sees notice of the price on his head and warns his companions. Disguised as women they evade the police but are attacked by Fang\'s warriors. Using Inspector Fix and a sextant as weapons, they defeat their assailants and flee to China. Passepartout leads his friends to his village where they are happily greeted. They spend several days there and are attacked by the Black Scorpions. Phileas, Monique and Passepartout, whose name is revealed to be Lau Xing, are held captive. Lau Xing challenges the leader of the group to a fight. At first he fights alone and is defeated; moments later he is joined by the martial arts masters of the "Ten Tigers of Canton", of which he is one. The Tigers drive the Black Scorpions from the village and free the Westerners. The Buddha is returned to the village temple. Phileas, unhappy that his companions used him, leaves China alone. He travels to San Francisco and is tricked out of his money. He is found by Lau Xing and Monique. In the desert they find the Wright brothers and the three inventors discuss the flying machine. Phileas finds the brothers\' plans brilliant but suggests a few changes. Lau Xing, Monique, and Phileas\' next stop is New York City, where a crowd greets them, making it impossible for them to reach their ship. A policeman takes them through a building he claims is a shortcut, but it is an ambush. Fang\'s minions made arrangements with Lord Kelvin to take Lau Xing\'s village and tap the jade reserves underneath it, but if Phileas wins the bet Lord Kelvin will not have the means to help them. A battle against Fang and her minions commences in the workshop where the Statue of Liberty was constructed, ending in Fang being knocked out by Monique. The three friends are victorious. Though Phileas could have gotten the boat, he misses it to help Lau Xing. Phileas feels he has lost, but the other two say they may still make it if they catch the next ship. They board an old ship and Phileas convinces the captain to let him build a plane out of the ship\'s old wood in exchange for a new ship. Using the changed Wright brothers\' plans, Phileas builds a plane while the ship\'s crew builds a catapult to launch it into the sky. They reach London, where the machine falls apart and they crash in front of the Royal Academy. Lord Kelvin sends police to stop them from making it to the top step of the Royal Academy of Science, and the clock strikes noon, ending the wager. Lord Kelvin proclaims himself the victor. Monique, Fix and other ministers attest to Kelvin\'s unfair methods and his bullying nature, but Kelvin scoffs at them. In the process he insults Queen Victoria, who is nearby listening. She learned that he had sold her arsenal to Fang in exchange for jade mines in China thanks to one of his aides. Kelvin is arrested, but vows revenge on all of England, especially Phileas. Phileas realizes he is one day early thanks to crossing the international date line. He ascends the stairs of the Academy and kisses Monique, victorious in his bet.'] ["After a plane crash in the Japanese mountains, its only survivor—a baby named Andrew—is adopted by a samurai master. Andrew, along with the samurai's son, Kenjiro, are trained in the warrior’s way. Andrew excels in his training and soon surpasses his stepbrother’s skills. Kenjiro's jealousy pushes him to join the Yakuza, where he takes the Mafia oath and forsakes the moral values of the samurai’s code. He leaves his father’s home, swearing to one day take revenge on his brother. Ten years later, Andrew works in L.A. as a journalist. He and a female photographer track down an opium-smuggling operation in Turkey. Soon, the drug dealers kidnapped the girl, forcing Andrew to enter a deadly martial-arts tournament ruled by illegal gamblers whose greatest champion is the lethal Kenjiro."] ['The film is set in 1900, during the late Qing Dynasty, when Wong Fei-hung and his companions  face new enemies. This time, their opponents include German and British forces, as well as the xenophobic feminist Red Lantern Society. During a parade, the Red Lantern Society attacks a German church. Before things get out of control, Wong comes to the foreigners\' aid and he fights with the society\'s members, who are armed with rope weapons and ether-filled lanterns. As the champion of the Lion Dance Competition in the third film, Wong is invited by a Chinese general to join him in representing China in an international lion dance competition. The contest is actually a challenge posed by the Eight-Nation Alliance to China, and the Chinese need to win in order to defend their sovereignty and put on a display of national strength. Since the competition is an international one, contestants are not limited to using lion masks, hence other animal masks, such as dragon, centipede and eagle, are present. Wong is late for the competition as he was busy dealing with the Red Lantern Society, so the general\'s dragon dance teams started without him. The contest turned out to be a brutal massacre, as the foreigners\' animal masks are equipped with various types of weapons and they are using "dirty" tricks to ensure victory. The general and several dancers are killed in the contest. When Wong finally arrives, he is shocked and issues a formal challenge to the foreigners, requesting for a rematch. This time, Wong\'s teams are better prepared and they emerge victorious. Ironically, after Wong\'s triumph, he receives news that the armies of the Eight-Nation Alliance have invaded and occupied Beijing, inflicting a crushing defeat on China. Wong has no choice but to leave Beijing with his companions and return to Foshan.'] ['A legendary statue has seven gold needles inserted in it, and an adult man will become a sexual superman when the needles are placed in the same position in his body. A colorful group of characters is all in on the hunt for the mysterious statue.'] ['The Monk Chi San  is sent by his Shaolin masters to learn a special kung fu from a Wu-Tang priest and befriends his niece Wu Mei . The priests brother is Pie Mei , who disapproves of associating with Shaolin rebels who oppose the Qing leave’s as his nephew  remains behind to cause trouble for Chi San. While Chi San is in training, Pai Mei is promoted by the court and arranges for the Qing soldiers and a northern Lama to attack and destroy Shaolin Temple. Chi San arrives too late as the attack has already run its course, his master orders him to go to the south to search for loyal Shaolin men and rebuild the temple. Pai Mei returns to his brothers temple and arranges for his nephew to poison him, he then attacks the priest himself and kills him for teaching Chi San kung fu. Pai Mei orders the search for Chi San so that he may kill him. Chi San arrives in the south and assists a local businessman who is being robbed. The grateful man takes Chi San into his home. At this point Chi San gains his first student and goes through various integrity “tests” from local businessmen to prove if he is a true Shaolin Monk. Chi San doesn’t disappoint and the impressed businessmen offer to help Chi San rebuild the temple. Chi San also gains more students after their failed attempts to beat him at kung fu. Pai Mei and his nephew then attempt to kill Wu Mei but she is rescued by Chi San and his students. Chi San orders his students to head south to wait on a ferry while he goes after Pai Mei and the Lama. Chi San meets the lama in the woods and defeats him but Pai Mei intercepts Wu Mei and the students. Chi San arrives before Pai Mei can kill them and defeats Pai Mei'] ['Billy Jack is a "half-breed" American Cherokee Indian, a Green Beret Vietnam War veteran, and a hapkido master. The character made his début in The Born Losers , a "biker film" about a motorcycle gang terrorizing a California town. Billy Jack rises to the occasion to defeat the gang by defending a college student who has evidence against them for gang rapes. This changes with the second film, Billy Jack, in which the hero must defend the hippie-themed Freedom School and its students from townspeople who do not understand or like the counterculture students. The school is organized by Jean Roberts . In one scene, a group of Indian children from the school go into town for ice cream and are refused service and then abused and humiliated by Bernard Posner and his gang. This prompts a violent outburst by Billy. Later, Billy\'s girlfriend Jean is raped and one of the Indian students is murdered by Bernard , the corrupt son of the county\'s most successful  businessman . Billy confronts Bernard and sustains a gunshot wound before killing him with a hand strike to the throat. After a climactic shootout with the police, and much pleading from Jean, he surrenders to the authorities and is arrested. As he is being driven away, a large crowd of supporters raise their fists into the air as a show of defiance and support. The plot continues in the sequel, The Trial of Billy Jack.'] ["On their way to a maneuver, a wildly mixed group of Japanese soldiers with a tank, an APC, a patrol boat and a helicopter suddenly find themselves stranded 400 years in the past and under attack by samurai forces. Their designated leader, Lieutenant Yoshiaki Iba , befriends and joins forces with Nagao Kagetora, the war leader of lord Koizumi. Seeing the stranded soldiers' war machinery in action, Kagetora persuades Iba to aid him in his struggle for supremacy in Japan.  In the meantime, however, Iba finds himself facing the desperation of his men who want to return to their own time. Some make contact with the locals - one of the soldiers, Mimura, even finds himself a consort who keeps following him - whilst others freak out, running away in a desperate attempt to return home, or rebelling against rules and restrictions and try to live a pirate's life. Finally, his force shrunk from 21 men to 11, Iba manages to calm his troops by telling them that by fighting history and thus creating a time paradox they might be able to return home. Iba joins Kagetora and fights by his side. Finally, Iba and the soldiers face Takeda Shingen's forces in battle. But their trust in their advanced weaponry costs them dearly: Shingen's forces outmaneouver them at every turn, the soldiers lose all their vehicles and major weapons, and five of them die on the battlefield. In a desperate attempt, Iba forces his way to Shingen's command post and kills him in a sword duel. As Iba and his remaining men go to join Kagetora in Kyoto, the latter is put under pressure by his family and the Shogun Ashikaga Yoshiaki to get rid of Iba. Reluctantly conceding, Kagetora intercepts Iba's group at an old temple. But as Iba prepares to kill Kagetora for his betrayal, he is shot by him. The other soldiers are killed by Kagetora's archers, and Mimura's consort delivers the coup-de-grace to her lover. Kagetora shows remorse by burying Iba and his men with all due honors. In the end, only one of the soldiers survives, who had left the group to help a boy and his family, whose father had been killed."] ["A young autistic woman named Zen has developed uncanny martial arts skills by copying what she sees on television, as well as at the Muay Thai academy next to her home. She also has uncanny reflexes and is able to catch balls thrown at her without even looking. Zen is the daughter of Zin, the Thai lover of Yakuza boss Masashi. Zin was previously the girlfriend of Thai gangster No. 8, who was jealous of her relationship with rival gangster Masashi. After Zin chooses Masashi, he shoots his own toe as a symbolic gesture and forbids Zin from ever seeing him again. Zin asks Masashi to go back to Japan, as they would not be able to be together safely. He begrudgingly leaves. Soon after, Zin finds herself pregnant and moves into a new place to get away from No. 8. She has a daughter named Zen who is soon found to be autistic. As Zen gets older, Zin one day decides to tell Masashi about his daughter by writing him a letter. No. 8 finds out that Zin is in contact with Masashi and is furious. He visits Zin and cuts off one of her toes to remind her that she is forbidden from seeing Masashi. Zin is forced to move again to a house shared by a Muay Thai kickboxing school. Zen becomes infatuated with martial arts and begins to self-teach herself by mimicking the moves she sees, as well as what she watches on television. One day when coming home from work, Zin sees a little boy named Moom being picked on in the streets. Feeling sorry for his plight, she takes him in. Zin then falls ill with cancer and does not have the money to pay for chemotherapy treatments. Zen and Moom attempt to make the money needed to pay for them by having people throw balls at Zen as a street performance act. Unfortunately, they are not able to earn enough to keep up with the treatments. One day Moom discovers a list of debtors in an old notebook from the days when Zin was a high-interest moneylender under No. 8. In order to get money to pay for her mother's cancer treatment, Zen and Moom decide to collect on the debts. The first attempt to collect the money turns violent, and Zen uses her copied Martial Arts skills to fight back. This leads to further confrontations with various criminal gangs and, eventually, No. 8. No. 8 learns that Zen is collecting debts for the sake of Zin's treatment, and Zin finds out what Zen and Moom have been doing for money when her toe is sent to her as a message. She realizes there will be retaliation from No. 8 and sends Moom to mail a letter to Masashi asking for help. Moom is captured by No. 8's gang, but No. 8 has the letter mailed anyway, because he wants to deal with both Zin and Masashi. Masashi receives the letter in Japan and leaves the Yakuza for the sake of his family. When Moom doesn't return, Zin goes to confront No. 8 to save Moom and try to reach a solution, bringing Zen with her. The conversation turns into a fight in which both Zin and No. 8 are wounded and No. 8 takes Zin hostage. Zen fights through many of No. 8's crew to get her mother back. Zen's father, Masashi, eventually makes it to the battle, but while he and Zin are fighting No. 8's men Zin is mortally wounded by No. 8. Angered by what has happened, Zen continues to battle through No. 8's men until she catches up with No. 8 and throws him off the third story of a building to his death. She returns to her mother only to find her dead. Masashi comforts his long lost daughter and adopts Zen."] ["Yun Fei Yang is the viciously bullied orphan who takes on the unpleasant tasks at a formidable kung-fu school. Constantly mocked by the other students of the school, Yen counts as his only friend the daughter of the resident master. Any internal wrangling between the various members is put to one side when a swordsman from a rival clan reminds the master of the duel he must take part in once a decade. Unfortunately the defending clan chief is well aware that his rival is more powerful than himself. The expected defeat is further complicated when a wandering swordsman arrives on the scene and joins himself to the injured party, immediately adding to Yen's woes. The ensuing series of confrontations and intrigues soon reveals the individual motives that the numerous parties all have and the role they play in the fate of the martial world. After finally understanding his own past and upbringing, Yen is ready to take on the mantle of avenger for his school and win back the respect that his colleagues have lost. With fighting skills that had been taught to him by a shrouded figure, Yen steps out of the shadows and reveals himself to be anything but the harassed orphan that everyone enjoys picking on. However to have any kind of hope against his nearly superhuman foes, the young fighter must uncover the secrets of his clan's 'Silkworm Technique' and transform himself completely."] ['A group of martial arts students are enjoying a reunion party, but they all get roofied. When they wake up, some of their friends have been kidnapped and they soon find a group of assassins coming after them. The only way to survive is to fight their way out.'] ['Turmoil grips Shanghai in the 1930s. Various gangs vie for power, the most feared of which is the Axe Gang, led by the infamous Brother Sum and aptly named after its weapon of choice. In the absence of law enforcement, people can live peacefully only in poor areas which do not appeal to gangs. An example is Pig Sty Alley, a tenement home to people of various trades, run by a lecherous landlord and his domineering wife. One day, two troublemakers, Sing and Bone, come to the alley impersonating members of the Axe Gang to gain respect. Their plan fails and Sing\'s antics attract the real gang to the scene. In the massive brawl that ensues, more than fifty gangsters are defeated by three tenants who are actually powerful martial arts masters: Coolie, Master of the Twelve Kicks; Tailor, master of the Iron Fist; and Donut, master of the Hexagon Staff. After the fight, Sing and Bone are apprehended by Brother Sum for publicly humiliating the Axe Gang. The two narrowly escape death when Sing quickly picks the locks on the chains with which they are bound and requests Sum to let him and Bone join the gang. Impressed with his skill at lock-picking, Sum tells them that if they kill just one person, he will allow them to join the gang. The next day, the duo return to Pig Sty attempting to murder the Landlady, but their efforts fail comically and they narrowly escape the furious Landlady. Sing is badly injured and hides in a traffic control pulpit, where his multiple injuries spontaneously heal. During this convalescence he unconsciously strikes the steel sides of the pulpit, leaving deep impressions of his hands. After he has fully recovered, he rejoins Bone, but is unable to explain his fast and mysterious healing. Sing and Bone lament their failure on the streets as the former describes his childhood: Sing spent his meager life savings to buy a Buddhist Palm manual from a beggar with the intention of "preserving world peace" and trained himself to be a martial artist. But when he tried to defend a mute girl from bullies trying to steal her lollipop, he was beaten up, humiliated and came to the conclusion that being a villain is better than being a hero. After telling his story, Sing then steals ice cream from a street vendor. Meanwhile, Sum hires the Harpists, a pair of skilled assassins who play a guzheng and materialize the sound waves using their Qi to create offensive and defensive objects, to assassinate the three martial artists at Pig Sty. They succeed, but are defeated by the Landlady and Landlord, who are actually powerful martial artists living in self-enforced retirement. They evacuate Pig Sty afterward and vow to deal with the Axe Gang. The following day, frustrated with lack of any progress, Sing mugs the female ice cream vendor from earlier, only to realize she is the mute girl from his childhood whom he had vainly tried to defend; she offers him the old lollipop that she tried to give him as a token of her gratitude in their childhood. Sing rebuffs her and knocks the lollipop away, shattering it against the wall and running off. After he and Bone separate, Sing is picked up by the Axe Gang. Sum orders him to break into a mental asylum to free the Beast, widely rumored to be the world\'s top killer. Sing frees the Beast and brings him to Sum\'s office. The "world\'s top killer" puzzles everyone there with his flippant attitude and sloppy appearance - but after stopping a bullet that he deliberately fired at himself in order to prove his skill, the gangsters bow in respect. The Beast leaves and confronts the Landlady and Landlord at the casino, who are waiting to kill Sum and his men. The two battle the Beast, destroying the casino in the process, until all three are stuck in a joint-lock. A reformed Sing rushes in and, ignoring Sum\'s orders to kill the Landlady and Landlord, hits the Beast\'s head with a table leg. Enraged, the Beast frees himself from the lock and pummels Sing. Before he can deliver a fatal blow, the Landlady and Landlord snatch the unconscious Sing and run off. Sum angrily blames The Beast for letting them escape and The Beast casually kills Sum in response. At Pig Sty Alley, Sing, while wrapped head-to-toe in bandages and treated with Chinese medicine, undergoes a metamorphosis. As he is severely beaten up by the Beast, his chi-energy activates more and flow through his body. He quickly recovers from his wounds because of chi flow, and his latent potential as a "natural-born martial arts genius" is realized due to the beating the Beast gave him. He easily defeats the Axe Gang before battling the Beast. The Beast uses his Toad Technique to send Sing rocketing into the sky. Again due to a heavy smash from the Beast, Sing\'s chi energy increases on sky and becomes incredibly powerful. As he falls back to earth, Sing recalls the Buddhist Palm, and delivers a blow that knocks the Beast flat and leaves a huge, hand-shaped crater in the ground. After another futile attempt to defeat Sing, the Beast bows, acknowledging Sing as the better fighter. Some time later, Sing and Bone open a candy store. When the mute ice cream vendor walks by, Sing goes out to meet her. A young boy walking outside after buying candy bumps into the beggar who gave Sing the Buddhist Palm book and tries to sell him one. The boy at first starts to walk away, but the beggar offers him something else, showing him several different pamphlets for martial arts. The child stares, intrigued.'] ['Liu Siu-jian , a Chinese intelligence agent, is sent to Paris to help apprehend Chinese mob boss Mr. Big , who is involved in heroin smuggling. He meets Inspector Jean-Pierre Richard , a corrupt and violent French police detective, at a hotel. Richard tricks Liu into believing he is simply providing reconnaissance of a meet involving Mr. Big. The plans are changed when Mr. Big is introduced to two prostitutes, one being Jessica Kamen , an American woman, who takes him to his room to service him. While Liu and the rest were watching through the surveillance camera, Mr. Big kicks everyone out except for the two prostitutes. While a prostitute is on top of Mr. Big, she attempts to murder him. Overseeing the events from a surveillance room, Liu rushes to stop the killing, but Richard enters shortly later to shoot Mr. Big and the prostitute with Liu\'s police-issued handgun, framing Liu for the murders. Realizing he has been set up, Liu manages to escape from the hotel with a surveillance tape showing Richard shooting Mr. Big. Chinese liaisons are sent to France after the events to investigate the matter, as Richard makes Liu the primary suspect. However, the liaisons do not believe the story Richard provides. Liu manages to contact one of the liaisons, in an attempt to pass on the tape to reveal the truth. Due to French police surveillance, the meet between the liaison and Liu is spotted, and the liaison is assassinated. During Liu\'s escape, he loses the tape in the chaos, and is forced to maintain a low profile. As he considers his situation, he meets Jessica, whose daughter was kidnapped by Richard to force her into prostitution. Liu discovers Jessica was the second prostitute at the hotel during the night of Mr. Big\'s murder. He realizes she can prove his innocence, but she refuses to go without her retrieving her daughter, Isabel. Liu decides the tape would provide the best evidence, and sends Jessica to Richard\'s office to steal the tape. Jessica manages to get the tape, so Liu and Jessica head to an orphanage where Isabel is kept. However, Richard anticipates this move after discovering Jessica has stolen the tape, and ambushes the couple at the orphanage. During their escape, Jessica is shot in the chest. Liu manages to get her to the hospital in time, and becomes driven to retrieve her daughter. Liu arrives at the police station where Richard is holding Isabel hostage, and fights his way through Richard\'s henchmen to his office. Once at the office, Liu rescues Isabel, getting shot by Richard in the process. To save Isabel, Liu kills Richard by sticking an acupuncture needle into the back of his neck in a forbidden location known as the "kiss of the dragon," which stimulates all the body\'s blood to travel to the brain to cause a painful death via a brain aneurysm. Liu survives the gunshot wound, and returns Jessica\'s daughter back to her mother.'] ['On a day trip through the countryside, aspiring opera singer In-jeong flees to the woods to escape the advances of her college professor Park Young-sun, and runs into a disturbed group of country-bred thugs.'] ['Set in New York City, the plot follows a teenage martial arts student named Leroy Green  with dreams of becoming a great martial artist like his idol Bruce Lee. Leroy goes on a quest to achieve the highest level of martial arts accomplishment, known as "The Final Level". Martial artists who reach this "Final Level" are said to possess "The Glow", a mystical energy that can only be attained by a true martial arts master. When a fighter\'s hands glow, he is one of the best in the world and when his entire body glows, he is the greatest fighter alive. On his journey to becoming the "Last Dragon" and wielding the power of "The Glow," Leroy must confront villains such as a crooked arcade mogul Eddie Arkadian and the evil Sho\'nuff, the Shogun of Harlem, from whom he must also protect his younger brother Richie  and his love interest, TV music video host Laura Charles.'] ['Set in the Qing Dynasty in China, the film features a fictionalized story of martial artist So Chan , popularly known as Beggar So , one of the Ten Tigers of Canton. So is the spoiled son of the wealthy General So in Canton. Although he is lazy and illiterate, So excels in martial arts. While visiting a brothel, So falls in love with Yu-shang, a courtesan who dares to behave rudely towards him. So vies for Yu-shang\'s services with Chiu Mo-kei, a magician and imperial official. By outbidding Chiu, So inadvertently foils Yu-shang\'s attempt to assassinate Chiu to avenge her father, who had been murdered by Chiu. In order to get rid of So, Yu-shang agrees to marry him if he can win the title of Martial Arts Champion . To win Yu-shang\'s hand-in-marriage, So enters the imperial martial arts contest to win the championship title. So\'s father helps him cheat his way through the written examination, while his personal expertise in martial arts carries him through the physical tests. So eventually emerges as champion, but just as the emperor is about to grant him the title, Chiu reveals that So is illiterate, proving that he cheated in the written examination. The enraged emperor orders So\'s family properties and possessions to be confiscated and decrees that they shall remain as beggars for the rest of their lives. So does not adapt well to his new life. He encounters Chiu on the streets and Chiu breaks his legs, preventing him from practising martial arts again. So is introduced by his father to join the Beggars\' Sect, but he is ashamed when he finds out that actually Yu-shang\'s family leads the sect. He spends most of his time sleeping in seclusion. By coincidence, he meets an elderly beggar, whom he helped earlier, and the beggar attempts to cheer him up by healing his wounds and teaching him the "Sleeping Arhat Skill". When Yu-shang is kidnapped by Chiu later, So is shaken out of his delusional state as he wants to save her. He tricks the sect\'s members into electing him as their new chief, by pretending that he is possessed by the spirit of Hung Tsat-kung. Using his improved literacy, he reads the sect\'s ancient martial arts manual and learns seventeen of the "Eighteen Dragon-subduing Palms" , while the last style is not shown in the book. Meanwhile, Chiu puts Yu-shang into a magical trance and attempts to use her as a puppet to assassinate the emperor and start a rebellion. So leads his beggar followers across to Great Wall of China to stop Chiu and they engage Chiu\'s forces while So saves Yu-shang in the nick of time. So uses all the skills he had learnt to fight Chiu, but they prove insufficient to completely defeat Chiu. When Chiu conjures a windstorm, So\'s manual falls out and forms a flip book that animates the first seventeen of the "Eighteen Dragon-subduing Palms". So suddenly realizes that the final stance is a combination of the seventeen palms and he uses it to destroy Chiu and save the emperor. In the final scenes, Yu-shang agrees to marry So, and the grateful emperor asks So what reward he desires. So chooses to remain as a beggar king and the emperor expresses worries over So having so much power over the common people. So reminds him that as long as the people are cared for, there will not be enough beggars under his influence to pose a threat. Before the film ends, So and Yu-shang are seen wandering the streets with their large family, using an imperial tablet to force rich people to give them money.'] ['{{Plot}} Kham is the last of a family line of guards who once watched over the King of Thailand\'s war elephants. Traditionally, only the most perfect elephants could successfully defend the throne, and very great care was taken in raising them. Kham grows up forming close relations to his elephant, Por Yai and his calf, Kohrn. During Songkran festival, the elephants are stolen with help from Mr. Suthep, a local MP and his son who are collaborating with elephant poachers. Kham discovers that they are in the hands of Johnny, a Vietnamese gangster who runs a Thai restaurant named Tom Yum Goong Otob in Sydney, Australia. Kham arrives in Sydney, and is stalked by the police as soon as he leaves the airport. Kham coerces a gangster to lead him to Johnny\'s hideout, interrupting a drug deal. Outraged, Johnny summons countless extreme sports enthusiasts, who arrive to fight Kham. Exhausted, Kham falls asleep in an alley. A prostitute brings him to her apartment. In his sleep, he dreams of an epic battle involving war elephants and the Jaturangkabart, the elephant protectors. When Pla leaves, Kham wakes up to the sound of police sirens and must escape. Two officers, Mark and Rick are taken off the case and re-assigned to provide security for the Police Commissioner\'s meeting with Mr. Sim. In that meeting, Pla acted as a hostess girl to the two men. During the meeting, Mr. Sim and the Commissioner are murdered. The murder is instigated by Vincent, who kills Rick and puts the blame on Mark. Mark escapes, but is later captured. Pla manages to escape, taking a camera phone that contains evidence of the murder with her. She is saved from the police by Kham. Pla reveals that she used to be a waitress at Tom Yum Goong Otob. Since Johnny and his men took over the management, it has been awful for all those who work there. She reveals a secret VIP area in the back of the restaurant. With Pla\'s help, Kham enters Tom Yum Goong Otob. He fights his way into the VIP area and reaches the dining hall at the top. Kham demands, "Where are my elephants?" and is met with the laughter of Johnny and his men. Johnny taunts Kham with Kohrn\'s bell. This enrages Kham and he fights and defeats his opponents. He enters the storage area, containing various exotic animals ready to be butchered and eaten. Kham finds and frees Mark and Kohrn, escaping minutes before the police arrive. Meanwhile, Madame Rose is made the new leader of the Chinese gang after she murders two other possible successors. Inspector Vincent initiates a search for Kham and Mark, who are hiding in a Buddhist monastery. Soon after their departure, the monastery is set on fire. But then Kham returns, and he defeats a fierce Capoeira fighter and a Wushu sword fighter. However, his third opponent, a giant wrestler, proves way too much for Kham. When the police arrive, he flees with Mark. By morning, Kham goes on his way. Mark is discovered by several policemen and sent to deal with Inspector Vincent, whom Pla has revealed to be the murderer. Kham arrives at a conference hall where Madame Rose is having a press conference. Kohrn runs in, scaring off everyone while Kham engages the gangsters. He later finds Kohrn in an elevator lobby, where Vincent threatens to shoot him. Kham finds himself with Kohrn in a huge room, and he is shown the skeleton of Por Yai, encrusted with jewels as a gift to Madame Rose. Her men then attack Kham, and he attacks them more brutally than previously seen, by breaking many of the men\'s arms and legs. The wrestler from the monastery is called in, along with three others. Kohrn is thrown through a glass wall, and Kham is knocked into the elephant ornament, causing two leg bones to fall off. Kham ties them around his arms and uses them as clubs to knock the wrestlers out. The two bones then splinter into two sharp fragments. Remembering something his father told him, Kham uses the splinters to sever the tendons of the wrestlers, who fall quickly. He stops Madame Rose before she can escape in a helicopter, and the two crash through the roof and land in the room. Madame Rose is knocked unconscious, while Kham\'s fall is cushioned by the tusks of Por Yai. Back in the lobby, Mark is shown Pla, and forgiven by his boss, Inspector Lamond. He is given a new partner who speaks Thai. Mark is then interviewed by a reporter about Kham. Finally, a narration from Mark is heard, with scenes of Kham\'s childhood shown. Mark explains that Thai people treat elephants like they are their brothers, and they hate people who hurt them. Thais love peace, but dislike people who take liberties. Kham is finally reunited with Kohrn.'] ['The police investigate a serial killer Bolo Yeung who seems to target only martial arts masters. One after another is killed in the same brutal fashion. This may be a chance for detective Linda Masterson to work on her first murder case. She is assigned the job and to assist her is another martial arts specialist, Sgt. Tarek Richards. Now they need to find a tiger style master, because the killer obviously uses tiger style kung fu. Not a simple task, since tiger is a very ancient and rare style. Sgt. Richards decides to renew his training in tiger style in order to better prepare himself for the eventual confrontation with the serial killer. He manages to track down the serial killer and engages him in combat where he utlimately defeats him.'] ['The film opens with a scene of Cao Cao attending Guan Yu\'s funeral - Guan\'s decapitated head is buried with a wooden statue in place of his body. The scene then flashbacks to 20 years ago: Guan Yu had been separated from his sworn brother Liu Bei, and he temporarily served Cao Cao while he waited for news of Liu\'s whereabouts. At the Battle of Baima between Cao Cao and his rival, Yuan Shao, Guan Yu slew Yuan\'s general Yan Liang and lifted the siege on Baima. As a reward, Cao Cao recommended that the emperor grant Guan Yu the title of "Marquis of Hanshou"  and promote him to the rank of a lieutenant general . Liu Bei\'s family and his concubine, Qilan, were staying in Cao Cao\'s territory together with Guan Yu. Cao Cao constantly presented Guan Yu with precious gifts, hoping that the general will be touched and decide to remain by his side, but Guan refused to renounce his loyalty to Liu Bei. When there were news that Liu Bei had sought refuge under Yuan Shao, Guan Yu negotiated with Cao Cao to release Liu Bei\'s family, and Cao agreed, while Qilan remained behind with Guan. As Cao Cao was aware that Guan Yu was secretly in love with Qilan, he tricked Guan into consuming food spiked with aphrodisiac, in hope that Guan would express his feelings to Qilan and rape her as she was put under paralysis. However, Guan Yu managed to remain rational and did not take his sworn brother\'s concubine for himself. He and Qilan made preparations to leave Cao Cao after he knew Liu Bei\'s whereabouts from a messenger sent by Liu Bei himself. Cao Cao\'s followers strongly opposed his decision to let Guan Yu leave, as they felt that Guan might become a threat to their lord in the future. Despite this, Cao Cao gave a strict order that no one was to stop Guan Yu. However, along the way, Guan Yu encountered resistance and had to fight his way through the passes. Guan Yu slew Kong Xiu, Han Fu, Meng Tan, Bian Xi, Wang Zhi and Qin Qi, consecutively after they attempted to stop him. It was eventually revealed that it was the emperor, and not Cao Cao, who issued the order to kill Guan Yu. Guan Yu agreed to kill Yuan Shao and could not decide whether to stay or leave in favor of their relationship before reuniting with Liu Bei. However, before Qilan left, she pretended that she loved Guan Yu and said that she would ask for Liu Bei\'s consent so that they can marry in order to stop Guan from helping Cao Cao. Guan Yu refused and was stabbed by Qilan before the emperor sent assassins to kill him. After a final conversation, Guan Yu turned his back on Cao Cao and the emperor. He headed to reunite with Liu Bei, fighting on Liu\'s side against the rival states of Wei and Wu for the next two decades until his death. The scene then turns back to Guan Yu\'s funeral. Cao Cao is sad and sheds tears for the loss of his friend. Before the film ends, Cao Cao makes some final remarks on how not him, but others such as Sun Quan, Liu Bei and Zhuge Liang, are responsible for Guan Yu\'s death. In a post credits scene, Guan Yu is seen wielding his Green Dragon Crescent Blade upright and stroking his long beard.'] ['{{plot}} Treasure hunter/mercenary Asian Hawk, now known as “Asian Condor” or, simply, “Jackie”  sneaks into a set of ruins to gather several colored jewels. He is caught by a number of tribesmen, who, strangely, allow him to take the jewels, but when he fills his canteen with water running down the rocks, the tribesmen respond angrily. He is then told that, by drinking the “holy water,” a terrible fate has befallen him; he must marry a rather rotund priestess. Jackie, horrified, makes his escape from the ruins in a huge inflatable zorb, cascading down a mountainside to safety. As he escapes his zorb, he realizes that, during his escape, he dropped the jewels. He then saunters away, having done “all that for nothing". Jackie then returns to the UN building, where he works/freelances, and is told the story of a group of Nazi officers who had amassed a king’s ransom in gold bars from other counties during World War II. They hid the gold in a secret base in the Sahara Desert, but all of them mysteriously disappeared. If word got out that all the gold stolen during the war was still in the base, other counties the world over would be fighting over themselves to get it first, so Jackie is to be sent out to locate the base and acquire the gold for the UN. He is then given a key to unlock the vault where the gold is expected to be. However, he is teamed up with a no-nonsense desert expert named Ada, who wants nothing less than total cooperation from him . One day, before they depart, Jackie is accosted by a group of mysterious men who want to take the key from him. He escapes without too much harm, and, while gathering information with Ada, he discovers the location of Elsa, the granddaughter of the Nazi commander who hid the gold away. He sneaks into her house but find that she is being attacked by two Arabs  who, after some prodding on his behalf, are said to be also searching for the gold. Jackie successfully fights them off, thereby saving Elsa in the process. Elsa decides to join Jackie on his quest to find the gold, much to Ada’s discontent, but the head of the UN believes her to be of possible help, so at his insistence she travels with them to the Sahara Desert. They lodge in a rustic hotel where, again, they are attacked by a group of armed men who demand the key and the map to the base. Jackie fights them off, but they are eventually driven away by a gun-toting Elsa, who ends up shooting the whole hotel up in the process. They leave the next day, but during that day, a man in a wheelchair interrogates the hotel manager, demanding to know where they went... During their trek through the desert, Jackie, Ada, and Elsa come across a girl named Momoko, who is traveling through the desert to, essentially, find the meaning of life. That night, raiders attack their camp and take Ada and Elsa hostage. Jackie and Momoko follow their trail to a desert market. Jackie sneaks in, finding Ada and Elsa being auctioned off as sex slaves. He tries to bid on them, but his cover is blown and the three of them escape. However, Momoko drives their "jeep"  into a sand bank, stranding them in the desert. As they attempt to make their way back to the camp, they are caught by the two Arabs, Amon and Tasza, who demand they lead them to the base. However, they are led astray, and the four of them escape their clutches. They make their way back to the camp but find everyone in their consort killed off. As they pick through the wreckage of the camp, Momoko, upon looking at a picture of Elsa’s grandfather at the desert base, recognizes a statue in the picture. She remembers where she’d seen in and leads Elsa, Ada, and Jackie to it. They bid her adieu and enter the ruins. However, as Momoko makes her way back through the desert, she is stopped by a group of men who demand her water. She recognizes a necklace one man is wearing as hers, learning that they were the ones who attacked Jackie’s and Ada’s camp. Inside the desert ruins, Jackie, Ada, and Elsa are attacked by desert tribesmen and, during their escape, they enter an area that is deemed forbidden. The three of them fall through the sand and into an underground area, their entry closed off by a collapsing wall, much to the delight of the tribesmen. As they get their bearings, they begin to investigate their new area and realize that they have actually found the Nazi base. The skeletal remains of the Nazis are found as well, including Elsa’s grandfather, who had apparently been murdered . After reading through the commander’s log, they learn that, upon sealing the gold away, the commander and his men were to poison themselves, thereby keeping the knowledge of the gold a secret. He had had 18 men in his company, including himself, but only 17 corpses are found. Before they can do anything else, though, the wheelchair-bound man suddenly enters the base, flanked by the same men who’d been attacking Jackie time and again, having been led there by a captive Momoko. The man in the chair claims to be Adolf, the 18th soldier who defied his commander, but had his legs broken and crippled in the process. As a result, he was the one who’d killed Elsa’a grandfather . He demands Jackie and his company to lead them to the gold so he can claim it for himself, but Jackie fights his attackers off. They pursue him and the three girls all throughout the base in one fight sequence after another until, eventually, they are overpowered and are forced to open the base vault. They are successful in unlocking it and find an almost endless supply of gold bars. The men are overjoyed and begin to grab as much as they can carry, leaving Adolf behind. Adolf then learns, the hard way, that his henchmen plan on keeping the gold for themselves. With that knowledge, he locks his men into the vault, save for two who chase Jackie through the base into an underground hangar complete with a gigantic fan. As they fight, Adolf and the girls try to help him by hitting various buttons and switches, activating the fan in different ways, but as they do, Elsa accidentally hits a button triggering a self-destruct sequence. As they learn this, they plan out their escape; Adolf intends to stay behind and die in the ensuing blast, wanting to be “with his friends”, but will also use the base’s ventilation system to send them to safety through wind power. Jackie, Ada, Elsa and Momoko take as much gold as they can carry and ready themselves for their escape, but due to the power of the fan and the subsequent burst of wind that sends the four of them flying through the ventilation duct, they accidentally drop the cases of gold. The base then begins to explode and cave in on itself, burying the gold under a huge collapsing sand dune. Ada laments this, but Jackie reminds her that at least they are still alive. As they continue on through the desert, Ada falls over and drops a single gold bar onto the sand. As Jackie makes for it, a disheveled Amon shoots at them, stopping them in their tracks. Jackie gives him the bar, but he doesn’t want it; they want water instead. Jackie throws his canteen to them and watches, amazed, as they fight over it. Jackie sums it all up pretty nicely, in the end: “It just goes to show what we truly need or want...” Amon then forces them to find water, having found the canteen to be empty. They begin to search, but don’t realize that they are all completely lost in the desert.'] ["The movie involves two stories concerning the original Ten Tigers and their future disciples. The film opens with Tung Chi  and his nephew, Liang Seo Hu, pursuing the disciples to take revenge for General Liang, who was the father of Liang Seo Hu, and who was also Tung Chi’s martial arts brother. After killing one of the disciples, Wang Chow Ming  and Lin Fu Sheng  tells the story of the original Ten Tigers. Anti-Ch'ing revolutionary leader Chai Min Yu  is being hunted down by Manchu General Liang . He is almost caught when a masked man rescues him from death and escapes with him. The masked man is Li Jen Chiao  a loyal ex-Shaolin man and the owner of a pawn shop in town. Li Jen Chiao hides Chai Min Yu in the back of his pawn shop, and sends his younger brother Tan Ming  to seek the help of two other ex-Shaolin men who reside in the town, Wan Yi Ling  and Su He Hu . Tan Ming is temperamental and is always getting into fights, and he starts fighting with Wan Yi Ling and Su He Hu before he explains the reason for his visit. Luckily, Li Jen Chiao is able to explain the situation in time, and the two man gladly swear their allegiance. They are also joined by loyal Shaolin brothers Wong Yin Lin  and Wong Kei Ying. Beggar Su Chan , Iron-finger Chung , Chu Yu Sheng , Tieh Chow Tsan also join in the fray to assist the revolutionary in escaping and killing General Liang In the present, an older Su Chan and Su He Hu plan a counter attack to kill Tung Chi, his brother Tung Pa, and their nephew before they can kill the remaining Ten Tigers."] ['A fascist group who call themselves New Order want to set some "new rules" in town while the police in Halifax  are on strike. They try to scare all of the homosexuals in a bar, but by accident the owner of the establishment is killed, and the leader of the bullies then decides to execute all witnesses. One guy, though, escapes and takes refuge in an isolated block of flats. The young tenants in the house refuse to hand over the survivor, and the bullies then decide to get rid of all the residents in the house. This turns out to be not so easy when the young people in the house barricade their apartments and set up traps and arm themselves in order to fight back.'] ['When the evil "Black Section of Esoteric Buddhism" had tried to invade Tibet years ago, the Tibetan monks used a powerful magical item, the "Babu Gold Bottle" to expel them. The Tibetan master  has the bottle\'s cap and wishes to reunite it with the bottle as the Black Section are stirring once more. He sends a young monk, Wong La  to Hong Kong to recover the sacred bottle, which is in the possession of a crippled lawyer. Wong meets and protects a woman, Chiu Seng-Neng  who is acting as the agent for the lawyer, and the Black Section fight to gain the magical bottle for themselves. The leader of the Black Section  learns of the intended hand-over, and seeks to get the Babu Gold Bottle for himself.'] ["The film is about Kevin Ryan, an 11 year old karate-champion from Kalamazoo, Michigan, who spends his summer with his uncle, Bob Ryan and his girlfriend Anita in California. His older sister Megan is coming with him. Bob owns a management bureau for clowns-acts. He has money problems and owes 10,000 dollars to a mafioso named Tony. Because of all his problems he starts and ends his day with a bottle of Jack Daniels, even in his morning-coffee. Tony wants his money back and sends his nephew and two collectors to Bob. Bob is still in bed when the Mafia arrive, but Kevin sees the three thugs entering the house to take $15 thousand off Uncle Bob. Tony is very pissed about it, so Bob takes his niece and nephew out of the house. Kevin offers to help his uncle against the bad guys. Megan gets in trouble when she goes to a club to meet her hero Tommy Hart. The bad guys recognize her and want to kidnap her, but Bob and Kevin, who were looking for Megan, arrive just in time. Kevin takes out the thugs, but then comes 'The Animal', a big, very large though guy. And then comes Don 'the Dragon' Wilson to save the day."] ["A woman lies dying in a women's prison after giving birth and recounts to a pickpocket how she ended up there after her husband was murdered by thugs, one of whom also raped her. The pickpocket agrees to raise her daughter to seek revenge, but in hopes of breaking the cycle of violence she hands the infant girl over to a Shaolin monastery for women. 'Pure Lotus' Liu  grows up to be a troubled young woman who skips out on Buddhist lessons, but excels at kung fu. She's kicked out after killing several thugs and rejoins the pickpocket, where she discovers the truth about her parents. Using her kung fu and deadly scorpions, Lotus begins a systematic hunt for each of the men who assaulted her family and ends up joining forces with government agents to uproot rebels, two of whom are her targets."] ["The film opens in Thailand, with Antonio Serrano , a mafia drug distributor visiting long-time associate Kinman Tau , a drug kingpin. Serrano is having troubles and wants them to work together, but his request is not reciprocated. Turned off from politics after witnessing the death of his father at Tiananmen Square in China, Los Angeles art student Jake Lo  is lured to a party of Chinese pro-democracy activists. While there, Jake witnesses Serrano killing party sponsor Carl Chang , who was an associate of Tau. A reluctant Jake is placed under protective custody by federal agents and brought to Chicago to testify against Serrano. Some of the agents placed to protect him are corrupt and try to kill Jake, who manages to escape. Another attempt is thwarted by Lieutenant Mace Ryan , a chicago cop who has been after Tau for 10 years. Jake is brought to his base, where he becomes acquainted with his team - Detective Karla Withers  among them, whom he begins to develop feelings for. Jake remains reluctant, but is persuaded by Ryan to join in the efforts to arrest Serrano and obtain information about Tau's next shipment. After a barrage of violence, they are narrowly successful, but Jake becomes angry with Ryan after realising his involvement wasn't necessary. During an unsuccessful raid at the revealed location of the next shipment; Tau's laundry factory, Serrano is murdered by one of Tau's henchmen. Ryan is left bitterly disappointed, but is reunited with Jake, as they, and Withers attempt to bring down the operation once more."] ["As a child, Yang witnesses the murder of his parents by three kung fu masters. His father, a Ming loyalist was kicked out of his political post and now a Ming traitor named Tin Erh-keng  and his two lieutenants magnificently ride in on horseback to finish them off. Sammo Hung and Hau Pak-wai do most of the dirty work in a gruesome fight to the finish. Yang's mother dies wearing a bracelet with bells on it and this becomes an important plot device throughout the film as years later, he carries the bracelet and its sound reminds the killers of their deed. The child finds his way to Shaolin and patiently waits outside until admitted and is later accepted as a student by one of the elder monks. The training is painlessly short compared with other Shaolin tales and consists of carrying buckets up stairs, leaping out of pits, and actual combat training. One important skill is his ability to puncture objects with his fingers, as his main foe shares the same ability. Although the 'Bronzemen' make an appearance as statues, Yang has no trouble leaving the temple ready to find the killers and make mincemeat of them. With his backstory told, Yang now becomes the nameless hero who wanders into town and aids the afflicted while searching for the killers. An unexpected foe comes in the form of a woman named Hisao Yun-erh , Tin's adopted daughter. She challenges Yang in one of the better teahouse confrontations. The match is unresolved, although Yang has the upper hand in more ways than one. Ultimately, Yang has to deal with Hsiao, figure out a way to get past a wild kung fu multi-man formation known as the Tien Lo Set, and defeat the lieutenants in order to challenge Tin himself."] ["Frank Martin  has relocated from southern France to Miami, Florida. As a favor, he becomes a temporary chauffeur for the wealthy Billings family. The marriage of Jefferson  and Audrey Billings  is under great strain due to the demands of his high profile government job. Frank bonds with their son, Jack , whom he drives to and from elementary school in his new Audi A8 W12.{{cite web}} Later, a somewhat drunk Audrey shows up at Frank's home and tries to seduce him, but he tactfully sends her home. Frank prepares for the arrival of Inspector Tarconi , his detective friend from France, who has come to spend his holiday in Florida with Frank. When Frank takes Jack for a medical checkup, he realizes barely in time that impostors have killed and replaced the doctor and receptionist. A lengthy fight erupts between villains, led by Lola , and the unarmed Frank. Frank is able to escape with Jack, but just as they arrive at Jack's house, he receives a phone call informing him he and Jack are in the sights of a sniper capable of penetrating the car's bulletproof glass. Frank is forced to let Lola into the car; they speed away with Jack, shaking off many pursuing police cars. They arrive at a warehouse, where Frank meets Gianni , the ringleader of the operation. Frank is ordered to leave without Jack. He discovers an explosive attached to the car and succeeds in removing it prior to detonation. Jack is returned to his family after the payment of a ransom, but unknown to them and Frank, Jack has been injected with a deadly virus that will eventually kill anyone who the child breathes on. Suspected by everyone except Audrey of being one of the kidnappers, Frank tracks down one of the fake doctors, Dimitri , with Tarconi's assistance. Frank pretends to infect Dimitri with the same virus, then lets him escape. Dimitri panics and hurries to a lab to get the cure killing Tipov, with Frank following behind. Frank kills Dimitri, but when Frank refuses to bargain with him, the doctor in charge of the lab hurls the only two vials containing the antidote out of the window into traffic. Frank manages to retrieve only one vial intact. Frank sneaks back into the Billings home and tells an already ailing Audrey what is happening. He uses the antidote on Jack. Meanwhile, a coughing Jefferson, the director of National Drug Control Policy, addresses the heads of many anti-drug organizations from around the world at a conference. Frank drives to the house of Gianni, who has decided to inject himself with the remaining supply of antidote as a precaution. After dispatching Gianni's many henchmen, Frank has the archvillain at gunpoint. Gianni explains that a Colombian drug cartel is paying him to get rid of its enemies, and that Frank cannot risk killing him, for his death would render the antidote unusable. Then an armed Lola shows up, leading to a Mexican standoff. Gianni leaves Lola to deal with Frank. Frank finally manages to kill her by kicking her into a wine rack with sharp metal points. Frank tracks Gianni, who is making an escape in his helicopter to a waiting jet. Using a Lamborghini Murcielago Roadster from Gianni's garage, Frank speeds to the airport and boards Gianni's jet by driving onto the runway and climbing onto the jet's nose gear. Frank gets into the interior of the plane and confronts Gianni, who pulls a gun on him. When they wrestle for it, a round kills the pilot and the plane crashes into the ocean. Frank incapacitates Gianni by paralyzing him , then pushes his captive and himself out of the sinking plane. Boats converge to pick them up. The Billings are given the antidote. When Frank visits them in the hospital, before entering their room, he sees them with Jack, who is joking with them. He silently walks back to his car, where Tarconi is waiting. He drops his friend at the airport. Alone, Frank receives a call from a man who needs a transporter."] ['This film follows the lead character, Alexander Hell, played by Shaw, as he rides his Harley Davidson motorcycle out from the dark abyss to battle samurai sword carrying Vampires who are unleashing their vengeance on modern day Hollywood, California. Once on earth, Hell joins forces with an ancient Asian vampire, Sir Katana who is played by Kenneth H. Kim. This film is one of Scott Shaw\'s early directorial works. Nonetheless, this film shows the direction of abstract filmmaking Shaw has continued into his later feature films: *The film follows a non-linear storyline. *It contains many music video style references where the central characters leave behind the storyline and interact solely by the presentation of visual images in association with techno music. *It is divided by unexpected edits. *The film is considered a "Zen film," as part of a distinct style of filmmaking formulated by Scott Shaw in which no scripts or screenplays are used.'] ['Two sewage workers, Jack Do  and Charlie Wu  get mixed up in heavy business when their mobster boss gets assassinated by another mobster who wants to control Shanghai and overflow the streets with opium, along with the usual mafia-related affairs like gambling and prostitution. He is aided by a team of four professional assassins, with the most notable two being foreigners. one a black American fighter called Mr. Jones , and the other an Italian knife-expert called Mimo . The other two are a Samurai swordsman and a ninjitsu weapon master.'] ["In ancient China during the Warring States Period, a nameless prefect of a small jurisdiction arrives at the Qin state's capital city to meet the king of Qin, who has survived an attempt on his life by the assassins Long Sky, Flying Snow, and Broken Sword. Therefore, no visitors are to approach him within 100 paces. 'Nameless' claims that he had slain the three assassins and he displays their weapons before the king, who allows Nameless to sit closer to him and tell him his story. Nameless recounts killing Long Sky at a weiqi parlor; later to meet Flying Snow and Broken Sword at a calligraphy school in the Zhao state, where he set them against each other until Snow killed Sword and was herself slain by Nameless. As the tale concludes, the king expresses disbelief and accuses Nameless of staging the duels with the assassins, who surrendered their lives to allow him to gain the king's trust and take the king's life. Nameless admits that he is a native of the Zhao state and that his family was killed by Qin soldiers, and confesses that he defeated Sky without killing him and had proposed co-operation to Snow and Sword. After Snow's apparent death, Sword approached Nameless and told him that the only way to achieve peace was to unite the states under a common dynasty; namely that of Qin, which alone has the ability to do so, thus revealing why Sword gave up his earlier assassination attempt. The king, affected by the tale and by Sword's understanding of his dream to unify China, ceases to fear Nameless. He then tosses his sword to Nameless and examines a scroll drawn by Sword, and understands that it explains the ideal warrior, who, paradoxically, should have no desire to kill. When Nameless realizes the wisdom of these words, he abandons his mission and spares the king. Meanwhile, when Snow learns that Sword had convinced Nameless to forgo the assassination, she furiously challenges Sword to a fight and unintentionally kills him when he chooses not to defend himself so that she would understand his hopes for universal peace. Overwhelmed by guilt, Snow then commits suicide. At the Qin palace, the king reluctantly orders Nameless killed, being urged thereto by his court. As the film ends, Nameless receives a hero's funeral and a closing text identifies the king as Qin Shi Huang."] ["Sang Kuan Chun is an old kung fu master who is getting ready to retire from martial arts. He is satisfied that he's mastered the martial arts and is the best in China. But just as he is about to put up the kings signboard and call it quits, he receives a note alleging that he's not the best. Thus begins his journey for one last challenge with each of the Seven Grandmasters to prove his superiority. As Sang Kuan Chun and his three students travel from one challenge to the next, the foursome acquires a fifth—a young man named Siu Ying who wants desperately to train under master Sang Kuan Chun to avenge his father's death. So he tags along, despite the master's insistence that he will not accept any more students. Eventually we learn more about the master's past. His own teacher, before he died, left him the secret book of The Pai Mei Twelve Strikes. However a masked man soon stole several pages of the book, leaving only nine strikes. So, somewhere out there, is this unknown man, and he has the final three strikes of Pai Mei, which are the most deadly and can beat even the other nine strikes. Sang Kuan Chun soon accepts the seemingly devout Siu Ying and teaches him the nine known strikes of Pai Mei. Siu Ying ends up learning from his “uncle” that Sang Kuan Chun  killed his father during a friendly tournament. Siu Ying is taught the final 3 strikes from a mysterious figure and almost kills Sang Kuan Chun until he realizes he is in the wrong. This all leads up to an exciting climax, where we learn the identity of the masked man who stole the Pai Mei final strikes and the identity of the man who killed Siu Ying's father."] ['Yang Yu Heng  is asked by the government to escort a cargo of gold into a famine area. However, he must contend with the vicious Chi Sah gang who boast the individual talents of leader Golden Arm , plus Silver Spear , Iron Robe , and Brass Head . In order to protect the gold from their attentions, Yang hires the services of swordsman Li Chin Ming  and his girlfriend Miss Leng , the axe-wielding duo known as Short Axe and Long Axe: Yen and Feng , and drunken master Hai To . Yang and his men proceed to deliver the gold as planned after enlisting the help of Short Axe and Long Axe, as well as Li Chin Ming and his girlfriend Miss Leng. Before meeting up with Yang, Miss Ling encounters Iron Robe whilst on her way to meet Li Ching Ming at a winery. Iron Robe assures her that he does not fight women and seemingly lets her pass through the road. However, she is attacked by a group of Chi Sah thugs. Drunken master Hai To appears and easily dispatches Miss Leng\'s attackers. He quickly departs before Miss Leng can thank him. Miss Leng arrives at the winery and notifies her boyfriend of what had happened. Ming is attacked by the waiter after he pours them a drink but then tries to sneak up behind Ming with a sword. Ming disposes of him calmly while sitting down. As the owner of the winery confronts Ming about killing his employee Ming explains what had happened. The owner appears upset at the manager for hiring such man. As the manager apologizes he discretely hands a spear over to the owner. The owner attacks without warning as Ming is just missed. Ming is caught off guard and stricken with the "sand palm" which poisons him. Ming and Miss Leng narrowly escape with their lives. As the couple leaves, Hai To enters the winery. A Chi Sah thug runs into Hai To and is sent reeling backwards as he spits up blood and dies. Hai To continues to enter despite all the commotion and remain relaxed as if nothing was happening. As he sits at a table he asks the manager for wine. The manager obliges and brings a jar of wine. As Hai To is drinking the manager smashes the jar with his head. Hai To identifies the manager as Brass Head and the owner as Silver Spear and they pull off their disguises. Silver Spear tries to persuade Hai To to join the Chi Sah gang. Hai To said that he would under three terms: he would have to be made chief number 1 of the Chi Sah gang and all the old members of the gang must be killed. Hai To attempts to think of a third term but then takes it back. A fight nearly breaks out due to his incompetence. However, they allow Hai To to leave quietly. Meanwhile, Ming is suffering from the effects of the sand palm. Miss Leng shows concern. Ming states that he will live for at least two more days thanks to his internal control techniques. Miss Leng wishes to go out of their way to bring Ming to a doctor. Ming refuses and presses onward to meet up with Yang without Miss Leng. Yang and the others make preparations to receive the gold they are to deliver. Short Axe and Long Axe find a Chi Sah member sneaking around the grounds and brings him to Yang. The member exclaims that he should just be killed as torture is not right. Short Axe and Long Axe agree and Short Axe slashes the member\'s throat with one of his axes. Brass Head appears from a secret tunnel in the floor as well as several Chi Sah thugs. Yang, Short Axe, and Long Axe deal with all of them and mortally wound Brass Head. It is now that Golden Arm makes his entrance. With Brass Head\'s dying words he tells Golden Arm that Iron Robe was able to intercept the cart carrying the gold, however he set up a signal as there was some apparent problem. Golden Arm tells Brass Head that he will check what the problem is. He also says for Brass Head not to worry as all three of these men were going to die. Brass Head thanks his master and collapses in death. The three warriors attempt to attack Golden Arm but to no avail. Their weapons and martial skill was useless against Golden Arm\'s arms. The three warriors look on in disbelief as Golden Arm exits. Meanwhile, Hai To has pursued Iron Robe and popped off the wheel of the cart of gold. Iron Robe sets up a flare as a signal that he needs help. Iron Robe discovers Hai To and Iron Robe along with several Chi Sah thugs attack Hai To. Hai To kills the thugs and faces Iron Robe one on one. Iron Robe is eventually killed when he leaps over the wagon and Hai To throws a spear at Iron Robe from beneath him. Hai To leaves and Golden Arm arrives to observe the aftermath. Golden Arm suspects it is the work of Hai To and becomes determined to fight him as it would be an honor to fight someone as skilled as Hai To. Golden Arm realizes the cart is broken and leaves the gold as it is as there is no way of transporting it in a broken cart. Ming encounters Silver Spear as he presses onward. They both engage in combat. However, the effects of the sand palm make itself pertinent and Ming is easily overwhelmed by Silver Spear. Hai To appears again to save Ming. Silver Spear attacks Hai To but he dodges and grabs onto the spear. Silver Spear exclaims Hai To is first person to ever grab it. Hai To says Silver Spear is the first one to ever be able to hold onto it. Silver Spear makes a last attempt to convert Hai To. Hai To reminds Silver Spear of his terms and Silver Spear continues to battle. Miss Leng arrives and Hai To warns Silver Spear that he should leave, as he would be outnumbered. Silver Spear takes Hai To\'s advice and leaves. Hai To picks up Ming\'s unconscious body and runs off with Miss Leng trailing behind. Hai To takes Ming to a place to be cremated. He states that the ashes with the sand palm poison will fetch a good price. Miss Leng attacks Hai To infuriated but Hai To defends himself with no problem. Ming regains consciousness inside a cremation room. The heat rises as Ming yells in pain. Yang and the others are continuing to go collect the gold. They take a rest in an abandoned spot. Yang notices that his guards are non responsive. It is revealed that they are dead. The Chi Sah gang rigged the logs they were sitting on with poisoned needles. They attempt to leave the area but another one of the guards die as they discover the ground is rigged as well. The cart of gold is discovered however and they use the wood from the cart to cover their feet as the continue to travel. Miss Leng is in a rage and tells Hai To she will hunt him down. Ming escapes the cremation room as Hai To\'s actual plan was revealed. The intense heat of the cremation room would cause Ming to sweat out the poisons of the sand palm. Ming is cured of his ailment and he leaves with Miss Leng. They eventually meet up with Yang in a town. They stay in a settlement for the night. They soon realize that the Chi Sah gang has booby trapped the settlement with poison. The water around the town was poisoned along with poison gas traps being set up on torches. Hai To suggests they sleep outside. Everyone agrees as they all sleep outside. Hai To and Miss Leng become flirtatious. Two of Yang\'s men decide it is not safe to oppose the Chi Sah gang and attempt to take the gold and run away. The others investigate when they hear screaming. The two men are dead. Hai To suspects the chest is poisoned and that the men attempted to steal some gold. Yang assures Hai To that there are no traitors among his men. In the morning Hai To is gone and the others continue. Hai To is at another winery drinking. Silver Spear tracks him down. It is here that Hai To confronts Silver Spear of the trap that killed the two of Yang\'s men back in town. Silver Spear is confused about this and Hai To\'s suspicions only get deeper. Silver Spear leaves Hai To with an ultimanum: join the Chi Sah gang or duel Golden Arm. Hai To chooses to have a duel with Golden Arm. Silver Spear leaves Hai To in the winery. The remaining men of Yang\'s escort become very paranoid and ask if they can leave. Yang takes offense to this and becomes angry. Ming has a different point of view and says if they are scared then they really shouldn\'t be there. Yang lets his men leave. Meanwhile, Short Axe and Long Axe scout the road ahead. They encounter some Chi Sah thugs and Silver Spear. The duo seem to fare well against the thugs. Silver Spear realizes he and his men are losing the fight and understands he must kill one of them quickly. A lone Chi Sah thug enganges Short Axe as Silver Spear throws his throwing darts at Long Axe and greatly wounds him. Silver Spear then proceeds to extend his spear and impale Long Axe which kills him. Short Axe deals with the Chi Sah thugs meanwhile and fights Silver Spear one on one. The battle is close and Silver Spear appears to have the upper hand. A Chi Sah thug sneaks up behind Short Axe and impales him with a spear. Short Axe uses his dual axes to kill the thug. Silver Spear is pleased and casually walks over to Short Axe to finish him off. Short Axe uses the spear enlodged in his body to stab Silver Spear. They both back off and then appear ready to fight again. However, they both fall over due to their wounds and both die. Yang, Miss Leng, and Ming find the bodies and make them a proper grave. Ming storms off impatiently. Miss Leng suspects he will challenge Golden Arm. Ming meets with Golden Arm and engages him in battle. Golden Arm fends off Ming without breaking a sweat. Ming defends himself decently until he loses his sword. He eventually reobtains his sword but not for long and Golden Arm bends the blade around his arm and as Ming moves forward, Golden arm lets go of the blade and it jetisons forward, mortally wounding Ming. Miss Leng arrives and tries to give Ming her sword. However, he dies on the spot. Golden Arm warns Miss Leng that she should leave. He would give her three days. Hai To runs into Miss Leng and notifies her to return to the spot in two hours, for then it would be settled. Hai To and Yang arrive to meet with Golden Arm. Hai To and Golden Arm begin to fight. Golden Arm overwhelms Hai To, even after many uses of weapons and techniques against him including Yang\'s sword which Golden Arm quickly shatters to pieces. Eventually, Hai To drinks wine out of a canteen in his shirt. Later in the fight he spits it in Golden Arm\'s eyes which blinds him. Yang insists that Golden Arm be killed as Hai To explains that Golden Arm won\'t be very dangerous blind. A man who looks exactly like Yang proceeds to jump out of the cart of gold and slash Hai To with his sword. It is revealed that this man is Iron Feet. This leaves the audience thinking of when who they thought of Yang was actually Iron feet. Long ago, Iron Feet was seen as Golden Arm\'s equal. When Golden Arm formed the Chi Sah Gang, Iron Feet was discredited greatly. Iron Feet and Yang joined forces to steal the gold. Hai To realizes this and explains that Iron Feet would likely kill Yang to get his hands on all of the gold. Yang is shocked and is sent reeling back from one of Iron Feet\'s kicks and dies. Iron Feet attacks Golden Arm who is blinded by the wine. Golden Arm uses his hearing to know where Iron Feet is. He holds himself very well against Iron Feet until Iron Feet starts to walk softly so that Golden Arm could not hear his footsteps. Hai To steps in for Golden Arm and they both engage in a stalemate duel. Iron Feet unknowingly makes his way over to the blinded Chi Sah leader and falls to Golden Arm who impales him from behind with his arm. Golden Arm explains that he would now live quietly somewhere and retire. Miss Leng appears behind him and impales Golden Arm with Ming\'s broken sword. Golden Arm pulls the sword out of himself and holds the blade up to Miss Leng\'s neck and almost kills her. Golden Arm however says that it is better this way anyhow and that he could not see himself being retired. Golden Arm collapses and dies. Hai To leaves Miss Leng to escort the gold as he tells her he is going to go get drunk and walks off.'] [" The film starts as Takuma Tsurugi retrieves Go Owada during a riot. After Tsurugi receives what is believed to be payment for bringing Go to them, he discovers that he had been paid in newspapers. Outraged, Tsurugi lashes out at the mobsters present and clashes with a young woman from Taiwan named Huo Feng. The Owada family is enraged that Tsurugi turned on them and decides to crush him. Upon returning from a shareholders' meeting at Tokyo Chemical, Seigan blackmails a politician, Mr. Iizuka, with a tape recording of a recent conversation just as Tsurugi ambushes them and steals the tape. Aya is inspired to hire a former Mafioso from Chicago, Frankie Black, after watching him tear apart a strong chain on live television. Upon hearing who her new partner is, Huo Feng turns on the Owada family and decides to align herself with Tsurugi. Meanwhile, Kunigami confronts Tsurugi after Aya outwits him following a dance at the local club, and he nabs the missing tape after defeating him at the local fairgrounds. Afterwards, Tsurugi turns to Master Masaoka to learn some Okinawa styles of martial arts. Tsurugi later encounters Huo Feng after she intercepts him in a tunnel. Unknown to them, Frankie Black and his gang had shown up to ambush them, and Black kills Huo Feng before retrieving the money Tsurugi had been paid for the blackmail tape. Kunigami then allies himself with Seigan to crush Tsurugi, who chases after some of the Owada family's goons, disguised as a motorcycle cop, and fights them at a car crushing plant. Seigan sends Aya after the money, which Tsurugi had hidden at Aoidani Funeral Home. She brings Black along to help with the retrieval. Tsurugi intercepts them, having cleverly hidden himself inside one of the twin retorts behind a conveniently-placed casket, and burns Black to death in the ensuing struggle. Aya then proceeds to seduce him. Some time later, Go ambushes Tsurugi, and the two fight, giving Aya enough time to escape with the suitcases. Realizing he had been tricked again, Tsurugi follows Owada and his gang to a harbor as Kunigami confronts Seigan by himself, with Tsurugi taking out many of the Owada goons and Kunigami taking on one goon and Seigan. Unknown to the survivors, Tsurugi then puts a deadly surprise in the Owada family car. Aya is poisoned when Kunigami finds out she had tried to poison his drink, and Tsurugi and Kunigami have a final fight to the death which Tsurugi wins. The film ends as a critically wounded Tsurugi fails to save Aya from the booby trap he had placed earlier.  The film starts as Terry Sugury retrieves Go Owada in the middle of a violent strike in which the bitter workers are engaged in combat against a riot police squadron. After Terry receives what is believed to be payment for the tape, he discovers that he had been paid in newspapers. Outraged, Terry lashes out at the mobsters present and clashes with a young assistant district attorney named Huo Feng who is also after the tape. The tape turns out to be one half of a formula for synthetic heroin. The Owada family is enraged that Terry turned on them and decides to crush him. Aya is inspired to hire a Mexican mercenary, Frankie Black, after watching him tear apart a strong chain on live television. Meanwhile, Kunigami confronts Terry after Aya outwits him following a dance at the local club, and he nabs the missing tape after defeating him at the local fairgrounds. Afterwards, Terry turns to Master Masaoka for spiritual training. Terry later encounters Huo Feng after she intercepts him in a tunnel. Unknown to them, Frankie Black and his gang had shown up to ambush them, and Black kills Huo Feng before retrieving the tape Terry had retrieved from Kunigami's mom. Terry chases after some of the Owada family's goons, disguised as a motorcycle cop, and fights them at a car crushing plant. Seigan sends Aya after the tape, which Terry had hidden at Aoidani Funeral Home. She brings Black along to help with the retrieval. Terry intercepts them, having cleverly hidden himself inside one of the twin retorts behind a conveniently-placed casket, and burns Black to death in the ensuing struggle. Aya then proceeds to seduce him. Some time later, Go ambushes Terry, and the two fight, giving Aya enough time to escape with the suitcases. Realizing he had been tricked again, Terry follows Owada and his gang to a harbor as Kunigami confronts Seigan by himself, with Terry taking out many of the Owada goons and Kunigami taking on one goon and Seigan. Unknown to the survivors, Terry then puts a deadly surprise in the Owada family car. Aya is poisoned when Kunigami finds out she had tried to poison his drink, and Terry and Kunigami have a final fight to the death which Terry wins. The film ends as a critically wounded Terry fails to save Aya from the booby trap he had placed earlier."] ["Bob Ho is a Chinese agent who decides to retire after moving next to the beautiful Gillian  who has three children from previous relationships. Bob and Gillian then start dating but Bob feels he should tell Gillian about his Job. Gillian then goes to visit her father in hospital and leaves Bob to take care of her kids . The problems start when one of the youngsters accidentally downloads a file from a top-secret formula on your computer. Then all will be threatened by a Russian terrorist funny, Bob's archenemy, forcing him to combine the roles of spy and prospective stepfather in the biggest challenge has been forced to face in his career. Bob asks Colton James , his spy partner, to help him, but he's not sure he can trust Colton. The situation is further complicated when a Russian spy, Larry  attacks Bob, forcing him to tell the children that he is a spy. In addition, Bob learns that his boss, Glaze , is actually working for Poldark and the Russians. And worse, the situation is further complicated when Gillian learns the truth about Bob. Bob then leaves town but Will and Farren join him and they go to Gillian's house where the terrorists begin attacking Bob. However they are later defeated and Bob and Gillian get back together. Sometime later Bob proposes to Gillian and she accepts. On their wedding day Bob and Gillian are reciting their vows when Bob then tells Gillian his named isn't Bob. She laughs and says it’s okay. Gillian accepts Bob and they kiss passionately as the film ends."] ["The film opens with a recap of earlier events in the series, as David Sloan writes a letter to his wife, Vicky. After being framed for murder, Sloan has spent the last two years in prison, while his wife has become the sexual captive of his old nemesis, Tong Po, who has since become one of the most powerful drug lords in Mexico. Unable to apprehend him by their own means, the DEA learns that Po intends to host a martial arts tournament at his private compound, with the winner earning a match against Po and a $1,000,000 prize. Knowing the history between them, the authorities offer to release Sloan if he will enter the tournament and eliminate Po himself. Sloan eagerly accepts. On his way to the border, Sloan saves a young woman named Megan Laurence from a beating at a roadside bar, only to discover that she is entering the tournament as well. When they face off in the preliminary round, Sloan easily subdues her, but gains her respect in doing so and they become friends. He also meets up with an old acquaintance named Lando Smith, a talented fighter who turns out to be his backup on the mission. Under cover of night, Sloan manages to locate his wife's whereabouts in the fortress, but is unable to free her despite several attempts. As the tournament progresses, his efforts become more and more brazen, eventually resulting in his capture at the hands of Tong Po. Meanwhile, in an effort to gain more intelligence about their target, Lando becomes romantically involved with one of Po's many female sex slaves, who pays with her life when Po discovers their affair. After being beaten and tortured, both men are dragged into the arena on the final day of the tournament, where Po offers a cash bonus to anyone who is able to defeat Sloan. One by one, the remaining competitors step up to the challenge, but despite his weakened condition, Sloan proves to be more than a match for them. In frustration, Po orders Laurence to fight him, but she refuses, calling him a coward. She asserts her belief that Po intends to kill them all, and urges the other fighters to rally against him. As one, the men rise up to fight for their lives against Po's armed guards. The fighters seem to have a strong advantage, until Po himself enters the fray and begins to subdue them, one by one. Though he fights bravely, Lando is easily bested by the Muay Thai master. In the end, only Sloan and Po are left standing. After a brutal confrontation, Sloan conquers his rival once again and is able to rescue his wife."] ['The story begins in presumably early 20th century China at a crowded train station, with Wong Fei Hung , his father Dr. Wong Kei Ying , and the family servant Tso , waiting in line. Wong Fei Hung is angry about having to pay a duty on the ginseng that Kei Ying is bringing back for a client. Disobeying his father, Fei Hung hides the ginseng in the suitcase of an employee of the British consul to avoid the tax When the train makes a stop, Fei Hung and Tso create a diversion to sneak into the first class section  to retrieve the ginseng. However, when Fei Hung gets to the luggage section of the first class, he spots a Manchurian officer  stealing an unknown item that is in a similar package as the ginseng. Fei Hung confronts him but the officer hits Fei Hung. However, Fei Hung retrieves the ginseng, and pursues the officer in revenge for hitting him. A long fight between them ensues under the train, with the officer gaining the upper hand. He warns Fei Hung that he will kill him and calls him a "henchman." Puzzled, Wong Fei Hung tells the officer that he is not a "henchman," and challenges him to a friendly hand-to-hand Kung Fu fight. Fei Hung uses his Zui Quan  style of martial arts on him, but it proves to be ineffective. The officer tells Fei-Hung that while his Kung-Fu is great, his drunken boxing has no power and can\'t kill. Fei Hung rushes back to the train, and the Manchurian officer opens the box he stole from the train, only to realize that it is actually Wong Kei Ying\'s ginseng. Meanwhile, on the train, guards of the British Consulate search for a stolen item and they ask the Wongs to show them their items. Fei Hung discovers that what was supposed to be his father\'s ginseng is actually some sort of valuable Chinese antique. However, before they discover what is actually in that box, a sympathetic son of a Northeast Chinese general  uses his influence to intervene . In a later scene, the British ambassador  is at his consulate, lecturing his henchman about their failure to bring back the Emperor\'s Jade Seal, the artifact now accidentally in Fei Hung\'s possession. He wishes to smuggle ancient Chinese artifacts and sell them to the London Museum of Arts. Then he sends his henchman, John and Henry , two western-dressed Asian martial artists who work for him, to make the workers at a local steel factory work overtime. When the workers refuse, Henry viciously beats them with his martial arts skills, and forces them to get back to work. When the Wongs return home from their train ride, Fei Hung realizes that he must replace his father\'s ginseng when his father\'s client, Mr. Chan, comes to retrieve it. Fei Hung takes the root of his father\'s prized ancient bonsai tree, discreetly gives it to Mr. Chan and tells him that it is the ginseng. The next day, Fei Hung goes to the market to buy some fish from Fishmonger Tsang  and snakes from Fun . Fun asks Fei-Hung to teach her drunken boxing. Tsang is jealous because he\'s interested in Fun and wanted to teach her his style of kung fu, Tsai Li Fu. He challenges Fei-Hung to a fight, with Fei-Hung using drunken boxing and Tang using his Tsai Li Fu. Fei Hung clearly wins, and Tsang respects him. Knowing that the bonzai tree root could be deadly for Mr. Chan if he decides to brew it, Fei-Hung\'s step-mom, Ling  decides to temporarily loan her necklace to one of her friends in exchange for some money to buy ginseng. This leads some of Master Wong\'s friends to believe that he needs money, and they offer him a collection, which a confused Master Wong declines. Meanwhile, Fei Hung and Ling do not realize that Henry and his men are following them. Assuming that what Ling and Fei Hung are carrying is the stolen artifact , they attempt to steal the bag, but Fei Hung retrieves it. Henry and his henchmen start a fight with Fei Hung and Ling. During the fight, Ling encourages Fei Hung to use drunken boxing against them to impress the crowd but and gain publicity for the Wongs\' school, Po Chi Lam. She and her friends take a bunch of alcohol from a country club and give it to Fei Hung, therefore giving him the speed and power he needs to do drunken boxing properly, and then he impressively defeats Henry and his henchmen. However, Master Wong Kei Ying arrives at the scene just as Fei-Hung finishes off the last gangster. At that moment, the alcohol eventually takes over Fei Hung and he is clearly drunk and barely able to stand, and he embarrasses his father. Master Wong takes his son and wife home and lectures them, saying they are destroying his reputation by fighting and drinking in public, and for making others believe that they are broke. He beats Fei Hung for fighting and using drunken boxing . To make matters worse, Mr. Chan\'s wife comes by to tell Wong Kei Ying that her husband is very sick from the bonzai tree root, which is poisonous if consumed. Then, an infuriated Master Wong beats Fei Hung even more and disowns him, kicking him out of the house. Fei Hung goes to a restaurant and drinks heavily in sorrow. John arrives with a beaten Henry and the rest of the henchman from earlier to confront him. Fei Hung is now clearly too drunk to fight, and John beats him. Fishmonger Tsang arrives and tries to intervene, but is unable to when the vat of hot liquid he was carrying spills on him. The next morning, Fei Hung and Tsang are found knocked out beaten, with Fei Hung stripped with a banner hanging from him that says "King of Drunken Boxing." Master Wong brings Fei Hung back into the home, and explains that the reason why he forbids drunken boxing is because it is difficult for drunken boxers to find the right balance of alcohol consumption. The following night, the Manchurian officer from the train arrives at the Wong\'s residence to speak to Fei Hung. Master Wong recognizes him as Master Fu Wen-Chi, the "last decorated Manchu officer." The next day at a restaurant, Master Fu explains to Fei Hung that the artifact that ended up in his possession  was the Emperor\'s Jade seal. He tells him about the theft of precious ancient Chinese artifacts by foreigners  and asks him to join him in stopping it. Moments later, an enormous gang of Axe-wielding thugs , apparently paid for by the British Consulate, try to kill them. After a long fight, Fei Hung and Master Fu make an escape, and Fishmonger Tsang, Fun, and Marlon , Tang\'s student, join the fight. But a British consulate guard fatally shoots Master Fu when he runs down an alley, and they take back the Jade seal. Fu Wen Chi pleads with them to get it back, and later claims that they can\'t beat them. The following night, both Tsang and Fei Hung break into the consulate disguised as consulate guards to retrieve the Jade seal. However they are both caught, jailed, beaten, and held for ransom by the British Ambassador, who demands that Wong Kei Ying sells the land where Po Chi Lam and Fishmonger Tsang\'s schools are. Master Wong reluctantly agrees to do so and the Consulate releases Fei Hung and Tsang. Then the ambassador orders the steel mill to be closed down and for all of the steel shipments to be sent to Hong Kong. Angry, steelworkers Fo Sang  and a man named Uncle Hing  break into the steel mill later that night to find out what the British Consul is up to, and they discover that the British consulate is using the steel shipment boxes to smuggle the ancient Chinese artifacts. However, they are caught and they fight the consulate\'s henchman. Fo Sang escapes and informs Fei-Hung and Ling about what is happening. Later, Fei Hung, Tsang, Fun, and Marlon arrive at the factory where the workers are staging a protest that becomes violent against the Consulate\'s abuses. Fei Hung takes on all of the henchmen until only Henry and John are left. Fei Hung easily fights off Henry but John proves to be a tough opponent due to his strong, fast, and flexible kicks. When John and Henry gain the upper hand and are about to finish him off, Fei Hung uses the industrial alcohol in the steel mill to light Henry on fire, and then drinks it. Disposing of Henry, Fei Hung then drinks enough industrial alcohol and beats John in a wild fight scene with his drunken boxing. Later, the Wongs are rewarded by a Chinese general for their help in stopping the British Consulate\'s crimes. When they check on Fei-Hung, they discover that the industrial alcohol has made him blind, deaf, and mentally crippled.'] ['Undercover cop Muscles  enlists his childhood friends, the "Five Lucky Stars", to travel to Japan to help him catch a Yakuza group. A corrupt Hong Kong cop  flees to Tokyo to join his fellow mobsters, whose headquarters are secretly built under an amusement park. Two loyal cops, Ricky  and Muscle , travel there to apprehend him and uncover the mobsters’ lair, but Ricky is kidnapped in a fight. Muscle goes into hiding and calls his supervisor to send help; since the mobsters already have information on the officers of the Hong Kong Royal Police Force, Muscle asks to send his orphanage friends, nicknamed the Five Lucky Stars, over. The supervisor agrees and collects the five friends, who are all either petty criminals or low-wage workers. They refuse to aid the police, but the supervisor cunningly sets up a false story in the media that accuses the five of robbing a bank of millions of dollars, blackmailing them into helping. They ultimately agree when the supervisor teams them up with a rookie policewoman, Swordflower, who becomes an object of lustful target to the five. They travel to Tokyo and that night, Kidstuff , who is the Stars\' most rational and talented member, and Swordflower go to Muscle’s apartment. After defeating some thugs, Muscle reunites with Kidstuff. The operation is to send phony money to the mobsters to allow the five to enter their lair, and that way they can get closer to freeing Ricky and apprehending the criminals. After a prolonged battle at the bowels of the amusement park, the criminals lose and the Lucky Stars receive a place to live back at Hong Kong as their reward.'] ['Yao Long and May Yip are orphans who live in Russia with their adoptive family. Through the years, the two fall in love and promise that they will be together forever. One fateful day, Yao witnesses a murder being committed by a mysterious assassin. Shortly after this, he is captured and brainwashed by a mysterious cult of assassins call themselves "800 Dragons". After losing his memory of his past, he is forced to take very strict martial art training to become the perfect assassin for the 800 Dragons. During one of his missions, Yao is seen by May, his past lover who is still looking for him. The code of the 800 Dragons is that anyone who sees an assassin during their mission needs to be killed. But Yao begin to remember his past when May talks to him about their past relationship. Yao decides to follow his heart instead of the strict code of the assassin by not killing May. Now Yao and May must hide for their life. Knowing that Yao fails to follow the order, the 800 Dragons are now trying to kill both of them.http://www.kfccinema.com/reviews/kungfu/dragonrussia/dragonrussia.html'] ['Gino Felino  is an NYPD detective from Brooklyn who has strong ties within his neighborhood. In the opening scene of the movie, Gino and his partner Bobby are waiting to bust up a multi-million dollar drug deal. However, Gino sees a pimp beating up a woman and intervenes. Shortly afterward, film\'s main antagonist, Richie Madano ([[William Forsythe , murders Gino\'s partner, Bobby Lupo, in broad daylight in front of his wife, Laurie, and his two kids. Richie is a crack addict who grew up with Gino and Bobby and has determined to leave this world via death by cop. Richie then murders a woman at a traffic stop and steals her car, and then begins heading off into Brooklyn alongside his goons, who are horrified by what he does but continue to work alongside him. Gino knows Richie is not going to leave the neighborhood and he tells his captain  to give him the clearance for a manhunt. His Captain gives him the clearance, and provides him with an Ithaca 37 pump action 12 gauge shotgun, and an unmarked 1988 Chevrolet Caprice tactical unit. Gino visits his mob connection Frankie and his boss Don Vittorio to tell them that he is going to find Richie, and he tells them he will not get out of the way of their own plans to take out Richie, whom they view as a loose cannon. As a subplot, Gino is driving when the driver of a station wagon throws a black garbage bag out the window in front of Gino\'s car. Seeing that the bag is moving, Gino stops and gathers the bag, and is surprised to find a very scared puppy inside of it. Gino starts the hunt for Richie at a bar run by Richie\'s brother Vinnie Madano. Vinnie and his friends all refuse to provide information, so Gino beats up all of them. He still does not know where Richie is, but his concern about getting an attitude problem has been taken care of. Richie later comes back to the bar and beats up Vinnie for not killing Gino when it was one cop against a bar full of armed men. He also has info leaked to the mob that he is at the bar, then emerges from hiding and ambushes the mob\'s hitmen in a shoot-out. After visiting a number of local hangouts and establishments trying to find information, Gino discovers Richie killed Bobby because Bobby was having an affair with two women - Richie\'s girlfriend, Roxanne Ford , and a waitress named Terry Malloy . When Gino goes to Roxanne\'s home, he finds she is dead. Gino believes that Richie killed Roxanne before he killed Bobby. Gino goes to Laurie\'s house and tells the widow what is going on. In Laurie\'s purse, Gino finds the picture that Richie dropped on Bobby\'s body after killing Bobby. It turns out that Bobby was a corrupt cop who had wanted a money-making lifestyle like Richie\'s, and Laurie knew Bobby was corrupt. Laurie had found a picture of Bobby and Roxanne naked. She had given Richie the picture out of jealousy, never expecting Richie to kill Bobby for sleeping with Roxanne. Laurie took the picture away from where Richie dropped it on Bobby because she wanted to protect Bobby. Gino attempts to get Richie out of hiding by arresting his sister Pattie  and by talking to his elderly father, a hard-working and honest man who knows his son is worthless. Following a tip from his local snitch Picolino, Gino eventually finds Richie in a house in the old neighborhood having a party. Gino kills all of Richie\'s men. Gino beats Richie senseless and then finally kills him. The mobsters arrive soon after, also intent on killing Richie. Gino uses the lead mobster\'s gun to shoot the already-dead Richie several times, then tells him to return to his boss and take the credit for Richie\'s death. Shortly after, Gino, his wife, and the puppy are walking along the pier when they encounter the "tough guy" who threw the bag into traffic. Gino accosts him, and the man attacks him in response. Gino kicks him in the groin, causing him to collapse on the ground in agony.'] ['The film opens as normal while Samuel "Rocky" Douglas , Jeffrey "Colt" Douglas , and Michael "Tum Tum" Douglas  are at the home of their Grandfather Mori  for the summer to perform their ninja training. After being put to an obstacle course test and failing, he overhears Rocky and Colt talking about no longer returning since they are older and have more adult things to do, depressing him. After they return home from their vacation, they meet Amanda  when their heads are almost buzzed off when her out-of-control radio-controlled helicopter also broke one of their windows. After making amends, she is invited to Tum Tum\'s birthday party the following day at Mega Mountain  which she accepts. Tum Tum is also very depressed when his favorite action hero Dave Dragon  is set to retire and end his television series due to poor ratings, and even concerns his mother when she offers him food, to which he replies that he says "No thanks Mom, I\'m not hungry". The following day, the boys and Amanda are dropped off at Mega Mountain, and Rocky disappoints the group by opting to spend the day with his girlfriend Jennifer  rather than spend it with Tum Tum and his wanting to see Dave Dragon who is performing live for his final performance. Colt and Tum Tum both admit the admiration toward him and remember how cool he had been previously. During these goings-on, a master criminal named Mary Ann "Medusa" Rogers , her right-hand man Lothar Zogg , her Jamaican sidekick C.J. , her three idiot nephews Carl , Buelow , and Zed ([[Brendan O\'Brien , and a small group of mercenaries infiltrate the park, take over its operations, and attempt to take out Dave after his performance . Medusa threatens the park\'s owner Harry Jacobson  to pay her enough money or she will cause accidents on the rides. This causes the police and the FBI led by the boys\' father Sam  to be called in. After fending off the thugs and rejoining Rocky who had spotted them while away from Jennifer, they wake up Dave and become suspicious as a great deal of the park is closed off and several rides begin to go crazy. Amanda utilizes a hand-held computer and is able to hack out some of the programs. However, Medusa quickly has her access locked out, and suspends a roller coaster train full of people at the top of a loop, threatening Harry with their deaths if he does not pay her a large sum of money. Dave tries to infiltrate their operations, and is captured while Colt, Rocky, Tum Tum, and Amanda continue to evade Medusa\'s henchmen and her nephews. She manages to have her nephews kidnap Jennifer and use her as bait to keep the kids from interfering by tying her to the roller coaster tracks and threatening to release the train, causing it to run over her. Rocky battles with Lothar when attempting to free her, and causes him to literally bounce out of the park and into the hands of the authorities. Medusa releases the train to race pass by Rocky and Jennifer. She tells him that he saved her and kisses him. Harry then begins to give Medusa the $10 million bag by bag. But as the final bag drops Amanda uses her helicopter to cut it open. Medusa discovers this and grabs her. Rocky meets up with his brothers and they run into Dave. After they inform him about Amanda\'s capture they all unite to save her. Meanwhile Medusa tells her about her plans for her. She plans to use her as a hostage to escape. Then she will be her personal slave to work off the lost money. Medusa estimates that in 50 years they will be even. The boys are able to defeat many ninjas before they catch up to her. She compliments their skills but then decides to even the odds by shooting the lights out. This gives her ninjas the upper hand because they have night vision goggles. While they are taken care of she gives Amanda a little "surprise." Instead of being Medusa\'s slave, she will be blown to bits by a bomb that she leaves behind. The boys manage to overcome their inability to see in the dark  and save Amanda, but her computer breaks down and she cannot disarm the bomb she\'s attached to. Thinking quickly, they attach it to an oxygen tank on rollers and attempt to break its valve to send it away. But despite the boys\' skills as ninjas, they lack the physical strength to break the valve. Luckily, Dave arrives and breaks the valve instead. The oxygen tanks send off like a torpedo directly toward Medusa\'s escape route. The explosion draws the authorities\' attention, and they quickly capture her still clutching her bag of money. She pouts and seats herself with it, surrendering to the FBI. Once Medusa and her minions are in jail, the boys also give credit to Dave for helping to save the park when interviewed by the media. Later, they assure Mori that they are not going to give up their summers with him for anything, enjoying learning to be ninjas, and even recruit Amanda to join them next time, an offer she accepts graciously.'] ["{{plot}} In Arizona, ex-Special Forces soldier Shane Daniels  saves his wife, Holly , from a car jacking and chases the mugger  away. The mugger later ends up dead, and Shane is the sole suspect. After being locked up for 6 years, Shane is released from jail due to new DNA evidence found which clear his name. Shane is released with an apology from the State of Arizona and a $300,000 settlement, but feels that it doesn’t make up for his wasted life and the loss of his wife, who has left him, which leaves him bitter. Off the coast of Seattle, Washington, a ship full of smuggled Chinese people is arriving. After it arrives, an old Chinese man is taken to a safehouse. Back in Arizona, within hours of being released to the streets, Shane stops at a liquor store and buys a bottle of bourbon. Back outside, Shane finds himself the intended victim of a street robbery, he beats up his two attackers and steals their car. Leaving the city, Shane takes to the road and stops at a rest stop along a lonely stretch of highway. There, he witnesses a state trooper pulling over a car containing two Chinese nationals. The Chinese nationals kill the state trooper and try to kill a couple of witnesses, a young man named Sergey  and his friend Markov . Shane is forced to intervene, kills one of the attackers and sends the other one, Mao , running off into the desert, but Markov gets killed by one of the Chinese men. When Shane checks on the dead cop, he hears noise coming from the trunk of the Chinese national’s car. Inside, he finds an unconscious woman and a duffel bag full of cash. Fearing that the cops will implicate him in the death of the trooper and knowing that the Chinese national will return with back-up, Shane takes the girl, the cash, and Sergey into the nearest small town, which is called Bellingham. Sergey admits that his father, Vlad , sells stolen cars. The now conscious woman, Tia , begs Shane and Sergey not to turn her over to the cops or the Chinese. Tia tells Shane and Sergey that the cops in Bellingham killed her friends when she was kidnapped. On the next morning, Shane has Sergey drop him and Tia off at a motel. In a motel room, Tia explains to Shane that she was trying to get her uncle Kuan  into the USA. She was contacted by someone who said they could help. She was told to show up alone at an abandoned mill in a remote place about 50 miles away from Bellingham, but she insisted on bringing some of her friends since it was the first time she and her contact were meeting. The man she met is a Chinese drug smuggler named Chen  who told her he would help smuggle Kuan into the USA. However, Chen had her friends shot by Bellingham cops and she was then forced into a room where another man was waiting. The man, known as the Colonel , said he was waiting for Kuan's arrival, and that Tia was going to be held for ransom until the man got the information he needed from Kuan. Sgt. Ritchie  and his henchman Clark , the two Bellingham cops who are working for Chen, go to Little Russia, Vlad's restaurant, and ask Vlad if he knows where Shane is, but Vlad turns them away, even threatening to cut Ritchie's testicles off. Meanwhile, two Chinese men break into the motel room where Shane and Tia are at, but Shane kills them, and he and Tia escape. Outside Little Russia, Tia tells Shane that Kuan will be arriving before the day is out, and she's worried about what will happen to him. Inside, the bartender is not willing to tell Shane where Vlad and Sergey are, so Shane is forced to beat him up, and demand that he take him to Vlad. They arrive at Vlad's house, he is grateful that Shane saved Sergey's life and agrees to help Shane and Tia. Ritchie, Clark, and some Chinese men arrive at Vlad's house and a firefight takes place. After finishing off the last of Chen's men, Shane, Tia, Sergey, and Vlad leave to try to rescue Kuan from the Colonel. At the abandoned mill, the Colonel has taken over the place, having his men plant bombs all over the site and kill all of Chen's men except for Chen. He's keeping Chen alive until Chen's men arrive with Kuan. When he finally arrives, the Colonel's men kill Kuan's two escorts. Gunfire erupts between the Colonel's men and Shane's group. In the midst of the gunfire Tia gets shot. Shane covers the wound, and tells Sergey to watch over her. Shane returns to fighting the Colonel's men, and Sergey lifts Tia up and starts carrying her to safety. Shane battles his way to the Colonel, who has Kuan as a hostage. Shane and the Colonel open fire on each other, and they both run out of bullets. Shane brutally beats the Colonel up, and then gets Kuan out of there. The Colonel grabs a machine gun, and leaves the room. Just as the Colonel is about to shoot Shane, Shane flips the switch and the bombs start detonating, and the Colonel is blown off of the catwalk he was on. Vlad later makes sure Kuan can stay in the USA, and Shane and Tia have a new home together somewhere outside the USA."] ['At Ayers Rock, undercover detectives arrest Hong Kong drug courier Win Chan . At Royal Hong Kong Police Police Training School at Wong Chuk Hang where a hang glider piloted by Australian Caroline Thorne  runs out of air currents and lands on the parade square. She is met by Inspector Fang Sing Leng who has coincidentally been chosen to travel to Sydney to interview Win Chan. Fang is met by Detectives Gross  and Taylor  who have been unable to obtain any information from Win Chan. Fang uses traditional but illegal police methods to elicit cooperation from Win Chan. Fang discovers the connection between Win Chan\'s drug imports and Sydney "colourful identity"  Jack Wilton . Inspector Fang becomes a target of death by various firearms, edged weapons, explosives, fast cars, a crossbow and martial arts by both Australian and Chinese criminals. He also reacquaints himself with Caroline who trains him how to fly a hang glider at Stanwell Park that the Inspector uses to gain access to Wilton\'s crime headquarters.'] ["Shozo Iwaki  is a strong fighter with a strong disregard for his own safety during fights by shrugging off all wounds and damage. He has a falling out with his father, the Boss Yakuza Kenzo Iwaki  and spends years in the South American jungle fighting mercenaries. After a battle against opposing soldiers, Shozo is found by Red Tiger and his team, a Japanese special agent who informs him that his father was assassinated. Shozo returns home to find his old hideout is now a sleazy loan shark operation run by a former junior lieutenant in the Yakuza, and a rival Yakuza boss, Kurawaki  who is double crossing him and trying to unite the other clans under his control. Shozo is then ambushed by his old Yakuza flame, Sister Nayoko  under the perception that he abandoned her when he left for South America. Upset with this turn of events, Shozo destroys various Kurawaki holdings until he finds that Sister Nayoko is kidnapped by Kurawaki himself. Shozo attacks the Kurawaki high-rise headquarters by blowing it up and rescues Nayoko. Kurawaki escapes in a military helicopter and blows off Shozo's right arm and left leg. Shozo manages to retaliate by shooting down the helicopter with a grenade launcher. Kurawaki survives Shozo's, but is severely scarred and dependent on a life-support robotic machine. Kurawaki and his assistant plan to raise an army of mind controlled thugs, which includes Shozo's former sparring partner and blood brother Tetsu , who has been driven mad due to the rape and death of his sister at the hands of a rival crime lord. Shozo is rebuilt by Red Tiger with a M61 Vulcan gatling gun as a prosthetic right arm, and a knee mounted rocket launcher. Nayoko again thinks Shozo is a foolish and leaves him and is kidnapped by again by Kurawaki. When Red Tiger attempts to control Shozo's actions with a killswitch, Shozo blasts it out of his hand. Shozo goes on a raid of Kurawaki's soldiers including mind controlled thugs and machine-gun armed nurses. He faces off against the mind-controlled Tetsu, who attacks him with a gatling gun and rocket launcher weapon made from his sister's body. Finding their weapons to be a stalemate, they resort to a fist fight where Shozo ultimately is victorious and kills Tetsu. Shozo tracks down Kurowaki who has installed a nuclear device in Kenzo's body. Shozo claims that a true Yakuza isn't afraid of nuclear weapons and kills Kurowaki which detonates the nuclear weapon as well."] ['The film begins as Takuma  Tsurugi meets the condemned murderer Tateki  Shikenbaru while disguised as a Buddhist monk. Tsuguri applies his "oxygen coma punch" to Junjo, causing him to collapse just before he can be executed. As Junjo is rushed to a hospital, Tsurugi and his sidekick Rakuda  ambush the ambulance and free him. As Tsurugi and Ratnose watch the incident on the news, Junjo\'s brother Gijun and sister Nachi arrive and plead for more time to pay for Tsurugi\'s help. Outraged, Tsurugi refuses and attacks the siblings. Gijun is defenestrated when Tsurugi dodges a flying kick, and Nachi is sold into sexual slavery by Mutaguchi. Mutaguchi and his associates attempt to hire Tsurugi to kidnap Sarai, the daughter of a recently deceased oil tycoon. Tsurugi refuses after discovering that the gangsters are Yakuza. He escapes, but the Yakuza gangsters resolve to kill Tsurugi as well as kidnap Sarai. Tsurugi immediately seeks out Sarai, who is being protected at the Nippon Seibukan dojo by her uncle, Kendō Masaoka, a Karate master. Tsurugi captures Sarai and challenges the entire dojo to a fight. He brutalizes the rank-and-file students before Masaoka bests him. Ultimately, Tsurugi offers to protect Sarai, and Masaoka agrees, against Sarai\'s protests. Meanwhile, the Yakuza\'s allies in Hong Kong, led by Kowloon Dinsau, recruit Junjo Shikenbaru to avenge his siblings by killing Tsurugi. The gangsters make several attempts to kill Tsurugi before they successfully kidnap Sarai. Tsurugi manages to rescue her, but gets captured himself. Ratnose gives up Sarai\'s location to save Tsurugi, causing the honorable Tsurugi to forsake him. When Tsurugi faces a blind swordsman working for the Hong Kong gangsters, Ratnose dies in a reckless attempt at redemption. Tsurugi finally tracks the gangsters down to a shipyard and fights his way through their guards. In the end, Dinsau permits Tsurugi to duel Junjo. Nachi sacrifices herself to give her brother a free shot with a sai, but Tsurugi survives and kills Junjo. Critically wounded, Tsurugi is helped to his feet by Sarai and Dinsau in the final shot of the film.'] ["Fiery Ming Ming  has always been the kind to take responsibility for her actions. When she meets D  at a boxing ring, the two soon become lovers. D tells Ming Ming he would go to Harbin if he had $5 million. Taking him at his word, Ming Ming goes to Brother Cat and asks him for the money. When he demurs, she steals it, along with a secret box; she manages to fight off the other gang members by incredible prowess with black flying beads, which projected at enough speed, can be deadly. Brother Cat is furious she has taken the box; and send his associates to find her. As she is running away, Ming Ming bumps into an acquaintance, Tu, and passes him the money and tells him to run. Tu's special skill is to run very fast. She also bumps into Nana  who coincidentally is also in love with D, while escaping. Mistaking Nana for Ming Ming, Tu grabs her hand and the two of them escape to Shanghai in search for D. Nana knows Tu has got the wrong person, but the lure of the $50 million is too strong. Meanwhile, Ming Ming keeps herself hidden with the box, using her superb fighting skills to protect the two from a distance. Failing to find D, all Ming Ming and Nana have is a secretive voicemail message left by him. Finally, they realise that the secret that D is looking for is also connected to the box they hold. Just what is this secret..."] [' In Toronto, Scott Pilgrim, the bass guitarist for the band "Sex Bob-omb", begins dating high schooler Knives Chau, much to the disapproval of his friends. Scott meets an American girl, Ramona Flowers, who has been appearing in his dreams, and becomes obsessed with her, losing interest in Knives. While playing in a battle of the bands sponsored by one "G-Man Graves" for a record deal, Scott is attacked by Matthew Patel, who introduces himself as the first of Ramona\'s "evil exes". Scott defeats Patel and learns from Ramona that, in order for them to date, he must defeat all seven of her evil exes. Scott breaks up with Knives, who blames Ramona for taking Scott from her and begins trying to win him back. Scott battles Ramona\'s second evil ex, popular actor and skateboarder Lucas Lee, who he defeats by tricking him into performing a dangerous skateboard grind that causes him to combust. Scott later encounters the third evil ex, Todd Ingram, who is dating Scott\'s ex-girlfriend, Natalie "Envy" Adams. Todd initially overpowers Scott using his psychic vegan abilities, but is stripped of his powers by the Vegan Police after Scott tricks him into drinking coffee with half and half cream, allowing Scott to defeat him. Scott begins to grow upset with Ramona over her dating history by the defeat of the fourth ex, Roxy Richter. During the second round of the battle of the bands, Sex Bob-omb faces off against the fifth and sixth evil exes, twin Katayanagi brothers Kyle and Ken, earning Scott an extra life upon their defeat. During the battle, Scott sees Ramona together with her seventh evil ex, Gideon Graves, who turns out to be Sex Bob-omb\'s sponsor, G-Man. The members of Sex Bob-omb accept Gideon\'s record deal, except for Scott, who leaves the band. Shortly after, Ramona breaks up with Scott. Upon returning home, Scott receives a phone call invitation from Gideon to his newly opened Chaos Theater where Sex Bob-omb is playing, claiming there to be "no hard feelings". Scott arrives and challenges Gideon to a fight, professing his love for Ramona and gaining a sword called the "Power of Love", which Gideon easily destroys. Knives then crashes the scene to fight Ramona over Scott. Scott goes to break up the girls\' fight, only to accidentally reveal that he cheated on them with each other before he is killed by Gideon. Ramona visits Scott in Limbo and apologizes for getting him involved in her affairs, revealing that Gideon had planted a mind control device in the back of her head. Scott realizes he still has an extra life and uses it to return to life at the moment in time when Gideon first called him. Scott reenters the Chaos Theater where he makes peace with his friends and challenges Gideon again, stating he is fighting for himself and gaining the much stronger "Power of Self-Respect" sword with which he strikes down Gideon. He then apologizes to Ramona and Knives for cheating on them, but Gideon interferes and knocks down Ramona, leading Scott and Knives to team up and defeat him. Free from Gideon\'s control, Ramona prepares to leave, but Knives accepts that her relationship with Scott is over and encourages him to follow Ramona. He does, and the two start their relationship anew.'] ["In the film, Weng stars as Agent 00, who is sent to stop the drug trade and its mysterious warlord Mr. Giant.  He befriends a woman who, still in the grip of the organization, works as a mole for him. This leads to many battles between 00 and the villain's henchmen. The plot shifts to Mr. Giant's true goal: using the N-Bomb. Created by Dr. Kohler, it is a weapon that does something that is never really explained. Always the company man, Agent 00 takes this story swing in stride and continues to fight the villains. One part early on has him sneaking up on people throughout, which is easy given that he exists just below most people's peripheral vision. Another has him taking on Samurai and with a conveniently-scaled katana sword."] ['Two young warriors from the rebel Shaolin Clan are engaged in a deadly secret mission that could bring down the empire. Tung Chien-Chen is the "Shaolin Hercules", who is sent from Shaolin to take revenge on the local Wu Tang experts. Yu Tai-Ping and Wang Li are the Wu Tang chiefs who attempt to kill Tung using Yu Tai\'s throwing knives technique after meeting him in a restaurant. Tung barely escapes and meets up with Sun Chien and his sister who teach him a special kung fu to counter knives. He eventually meets up with Hu Wei-Chen who is another Shaolin student. Wei Sing-Hung is the son of a Ming general who was adopted by the Wu Tang, in his heart he supports Shaolin and he frequently questions why the Wu Tang support the Qing but is usually hushed quickly by his masters. His love interest is Wang Li\'s daughter played by Wen Hsueh-Erh. Wang Li sends Yu to kill Tung but Tung, Sun Chien and Hu Wei-Chen end up killing him forcing the Wu Tang to take revenge. Tung plans to marry Sun Chien\'s sister but after getting drunk and the wedding raided by the Wu Tang, Sun and his sister are killed, Tung is kidnapped and Hu Wei-Chen is too inebriated to help defend. Wei Sing secretly meets up with Hu Wei-Chen, then frees Tung and allows him to escape but is caught by Wen Hsueh Erh when he leaves his knife behind forcing a rift between them. Tung, realizing his wife is dead is down in the dumps and seems to have lost his will to fight until his brothers bring him back to reality. Tung and the other Shaolin men visit his wife\'s grave and meet up with a "wandering scholar" and his three servants "who look like monkeys", they immediately befriend Tung and Hu Wei-Chen occasionally bringing them food, gifts and wanting to discuss kung fu. Lu Feng is secretly a government official for the Qing who uses the monkey sword style and his servants use the monkey poles, they are planning to ambush the Shaolin men. Wei Sing finds out about the Wu Tang and Lu Fengs plan and sides with Tung and Hu Wei-Chen. All the men end up in a battle at a local tea house. Tung and Hu Wei-Chen kill Lu Feng and his servants  and Wei Sing kills Wang Li. Hsueh Erh arrives just as Wei kills her father, forcing Wei to kill himself.'] ['The story begins with the opening of the Hong Kong Victoria Harbour tunnel by business partners Paul Wagner and Nigel Griffith . Paul attends with his twin baby sons, Chad and Alex. However, after the celebrations, the family is followed home by a Triad hit squad on orders from Griffith and crime lord Raymond Zhang . A shootout ensues, in which Paul and his wife are killed by the bodyguard Moon . Chad is rescued by the family bodyguard, Frank Avery , and raised abroad. Alex is dropped off on the doorstep of a Hong Kong orphanage. In the present day, Chad  and Frank are running a successful martial arts business in Los Angeles when Frank reveals a new "business" for the two of them in Hong Kong. Soon after arrival, they find Chad\'s twin brother Alex  and Frank explain their shared past. It is revealed that Alex is immersed in the Hong Kong crime world ruled by Zhang, and has a girlfriend who works for Griffith’s company, Danielle Wilde . After escaping the Hong Kong Marine Police for trying to sell foreign cars with electronics inside, Chad  is taken in by the Triads to discuss the incident. During the interrogation, Chad learns about a drug lab in Causeway Bay. Alex and Chad arrange to destroy the lab by planting C4 in the complex one night, but Chad\'s clumsiness triggers a massive gunfight. The lab is destroyed, but Chad loses any respect for Alex. Later, Danielle and Alex talk on a ferry and discuss a meeting that will take place soon in a night club in Hong Kong, with Zhang and other bosses in attendance. Alex, Chad and Frank endure their third mission to take down Zhang using Cognac boxes with C4 encased in them. Zhang discover that both Chad and Alex are not only twins, but the twins from 25 years ago. Danielle locates the document that she had been sent to recover, but is stopped by Kara . Griffing assassin and begins to search Danielle in ways she thought were strange since Kara is bisexual and hits on her as well, Chad heads to the Hideout in a bar where Alex has a base, Chad has rescue Danielle after fleeing from the triads, this infuriates Alex and begins to hate Chad even more to the point where Chad leaves the building. Alex reveals that he has no brother on the grounds that he was raised in the streets alone and had no one to help him. After a massive hangover Alex looks at the building as it is being raided by armed soldiers working for Griffin and Zhang, after locating Frank and Danielle they`re taken hostage on the Golden Glory ship\'s furnace room where they are being tortured, Alex and Chad have joined forces as the infultrate the ship and begin killing off soldiers. Despite ongoing tension between the twins, Chad and Alex eventually team up to start dismantling Zhang’s criminal empire. Towards the end of the movie, Zhang and Griffith kidnap Frank and Danielle to lure the twins into a trap. Chad and Alex fight their way through most of the henchmen sent to kill them and finally pursue and kill Zhang and Griffith. Chad and Alex decide to put aside their differences and become brothers once more.'] ["This documentary from Robin Shou -- who also hosts and participates in the film -- takes a behind-the-scenes glance inside the stunt industry of Hong Kong, which is known for being riskier and less trick-oriented than its American counterpart. In addition to archival and interview footage featuring some of the industry's most prominent stuntmen, Red Trousers - The Life of Hong Kong Stuntmen incorporates scenes from Lost Time  in an effort to illustrate how stuntmen prepare for and ultimately perform in modern martial arts films."] ["Legend of the Fist: The Return of Chen Zhen is set in the period before the Second Sino-Japanese War. Chen joins a group of Chinese men to help the Allies fight the Germans in France during World War I. He returns to China after the war, taking on the identity of Qi Tianyuan, a fellow comrade who was killed in action. Back in Shanghai, Chen joins an underground resistance movement to stop the Empire of Japan from invading China. He befriends Liu Yutian, a businessman and owner of a nightclub frequented by foreign dignitaries. At the same time, he is romantically attracted to Kiki, a nightclub singer who is actually a Japanese undercover agent. One night, Chen discovers that the Japanese are planning to assassinate General Zeng, the son of a northern warlord, and push the blame to General Zhuo, a rival warlord. Zeng's death will spark off a civil war between the two warlords and aid the subsequent Japanese invasion. Chen disguises himself as a masked superhero (based on The Green Hornet's sidekick [[Kato  and defeats the assassins and saves Zeng. With the operation failed, Tokyo sends a name list of prominent anti-Japanese activists to Colonel Chikaraishi Takeshi, leader of the Japanese secret agency in Shanghai, ordering him to kill the people on the list within a month. Chikaraishi leaks out the list, causing panic among the populace, and pays a visit to the nightclub. Chikaraishi initially finds Chen suspicious, and his doubts are confirmed when he compares a photo of the real Qi Tianyuan with the one stolen from Chen by Kiki. Chikaraishi is aware of Chen's true identity and he challenges Chen to save the people on the list. Chen and Chikaraishi engage in a race of time to save and assassinate the activists respectively, with most of the targets being killed while others manage to escape. Eventually, Chikaraishi's younger brother leads a team of killers to murder the editor of the Shanghai Times, who is a friend and fellow comrade of Chen. Chen fails to save him on time and sees his friend die before him, after which he takes vengeance on the murderers. In the meantime, Chen figures out that Kiki is a spy and warns her to leave or he will kill her. At this point, Chikaraishi starts to distrust Kiki and he forces her to kill General Zeng's girlfriend, one of her close friends. The blame is placed on General Zhuo and the angered General Zeng attacks Zhuo with support from Japanese forces, starting a war. One night, the Japanese corner Chen on the street and knock him into unconsciousness, before bringing him to their headquarters to torture him. Chikaraishi reveals to Chen that he is the son of the Hongkou dojo's master, who was defeated and killed by Chen years ago. He releases Chen and says that he will personally avenge his father later. Concurrently, Chen's friends stage a raid on the Japanese headquarters and cause serious damage with explosives before fleeing the scene. The Japanese track down Chen's comrades and murder them for revenge later. Chen is thrown out of a car in front of the nightclub and remains in coma for days while he recovers from his injuries. With the Japanese invasion underway and General Zhuo killed in action with his forces in full retreat, there seems to be nothing that the resistance can prevent the Japanese from occupying Shanghai. Chikaraishi sends Kiki to challenge Chen Zhen to a fight in the Hongkou dojo. Chen accepts the challenge and meets Chikaraishi, who kills one of his comrades and Kiki in front of him. In rage, Chen defeats all the combatants alone, after which he faces Chikaraishi in a one-on-one bout and defeats his opponent eventually. At the end of the film, Chikaraishi is replaced with another officer while Chen is seen dressed in his superhero costume, and he continues to help the resistance oppose the invaders."] ["The film is set in Flower Capital, a land ruled by an evil queen , who started hating men after her lover, High Priest Wei Liao , betrayed her. All men in the kingdom are slaves to women. However, a prophecy foretells that one day, the Star of Rex will find and wield a mythic sword, rise to power, overthrow the queen, and restore the balance of the two sexes. At the start of the movie, Crouching Tiger Hidden Dragon , a master swordsman who has made it his quest to overthrow the queen's regime, has commissioned Peachy  to steal for him a certain engraved stone from the queen's palace. Peachy is successful, but the queen's soldiers and spies pursue him. Before the stone can be recaptured, it comes into the possession of Peachy's two friends Charcoal Head  and Blockhead , who like Peachy earn a humble living by street-performing in a troupe led by their adoptive father, Blackwood. The brothers set out to deliver the stone to Crouching Tiger Hidden Dragon, along the way discovering the stone is actually a map, which they assume will lead them to riches. Before they can meet Crouching Tiger Hidden Dragon, they are intercepted by two lovely, but lethal, female warriors, Spring  and Blue Bird , each of whom is pursuing the pair for different reasons. The four agree to follow the map together, eventually learning that the map leads to the mythic sword and that either Charcoal Head or Blockhead is the Star of Rex. The journey takes them through dangerous terrain, culminating in an encounter with the Lord of Armour  who guards the way to the sword. Even as the four make their way toward the sword, the queen is preparing for their destruction, using her army and her powerful magic. A final battle will decide the fate of the land."] ['The film concerns Wang\'s one-armed martial arts master being stalked by an imperial assassin, the master of two fighters  who were killed in the previous film. When the One-Armed Boxer is invited to attend a martial arts tournament, his efforts to lie low are unsuccessful, and the assassin soon tracks him down with the help of his three subordinates competing in the tournament: a Thai boxer, a yoga master, and a kobojutsu user. The title refers to the assassin\'s weapon, the "flying guillotine", which resembles a hat with a bladed rim attached to a long chain. Upon enveloping one\'s head, the blades cleanly decapitate the victim with a quick pull of the chain.'] ['In a tea house in Hong Kong, Officer "Tequila" Yuen  and his partner Benny , attempt to arrest a group of gun smugglers while they are making a deal. After an ambush from another gang member, a fierce gun battle breaks out. The gangsters are defeated but with several police officers badly wounded, and Benny is killed. Tequila decides to get revenge on the gangster who ambushed them, which angers his boss, Officer Superintendent Pang , who orders Tequila off the case. Elsewhere, Tony  works for triad boss "Uncle" Hoi . Tony had murdered a fellow member of Hoi\'s gang, who had been working for Johnny Wong\'s  syndicate. Wong is impressed by Tony\'s skill and attempts to recruit him. Tony reluctantly turns against Hoi when Wong conducts a raid on Hoi\'s arsenal at a warehouse. At the warehouse, Wong\'s men kill Hoi\'s workers and destroy his stock. When Hoi arrives, Wong demands Tony kill Hoi. After Tony kills Hoi and his gang members, smoke grenades explode and Tequila appears from the ceiling. Tony covers Wong\'s escape as Tequila battles and kills most of the gangsters. Tequila finds himself confronting Tony face to face in the smoke, with guns to each other\'s heads. Tequila tries to shoot Tony, but his revolver is out of ammo. Tony slowly lowers his gun and walks away. At the police station, Tequila learns that Tony is an undercover cop working for Pang. Tequila tracks Tony down to his sailboat to try to make sense of the situation but the two are ambushed by the remnants of Hoi\'s gang. Tequila and Tony manage to kill their attackers just before Wong arrives which allows Tony to keep his cover. Wong realizes that one of his gangsters named Foxy , is an informant for the police. Foxy is beaten by Wong\'s henchman Mad Dog  and tells Tony to kill Foxy. Tony slips a cigarette lighter into Foxy\'s pocket where he shoots him, saving Foxy\'s life. Foxy finds Tequila at a jazz bar and informs him that Wong\'s armory is in the nearby Maple Group Hospital. As Tequila takes Foxy to the hospital, Wong finds out Foxy is alive and sends Tony to kill Foxy as well as sending Mad Dog separately to cover Tony. At the hospital, Tony confronts Tequila, demanding to know the whereabouts of Wong\'s arsenal. While Tony and Tequila are distracted, Foxy is killed by Mad Dog. Tony and Tequila discover a hidden passage in the hospital leading to Wong\'s arsenal. They are confronted by Mad Dog, who engages them. Wong arrives at the hospital and has all the patients, police officers and staff taken hostage. After fighting their way to the main lobby, Tony and Tequila liberate the kidnapped patients and police officers. Pang evacuates the lobby while police detective Teresa Chang  goes to the maternity ward to organize evacuating the babies. Tony and Tequila continue fighting gangsters until finding Mad Dog. While Tequila goes to assist Chang with the babies, Tony and Mad Dog find themselves in a standoff with a group of patients caught in the middle. Wong appears and begins shooting the patients. An enraged Mad Dog shoots Wong in the torso. Wong shoots and kills Mad Dog while Tony escapes. Tequila finds the last baby in the maternity unit, and carries it to safety while fighting off the last of the gangsters. Tony and Tequila meet up again and are confronted by Johnny Wong, who has programmed bombs to blow up the building. Tequila escapes the hospital with the last baby. Wong suddenly appears holding Tony at gunpoint. After watching Johnny humiliate Tequila, Tony grabs Wong\'s gun. In a struggle, Tony shoots himself through the stomach giving Tequila enough time to shoot Wong dead. Later at the police station, Pang and Tequila burn Tony\'s police file. Tony is then shown in his boat sailing away from Hong Kong.'] ["The film opens with a young girl named Jun Kazama crying over a rabbit killed by a bobcat. Kazuya Mishima, a kind boy around her age, appears and offers to kill the bobcat to cheer Jun up, but Kazuya's abusive father, Heihachi, suddenly appears and berates Kazuya for his compassion, which he considers a weakness. In order to make Kazuya stronger and prove his worth, Heihachi throws Kazuya off a cliff to his apparent death right in front of Jun's eyes. Sixteen years later, Jun is an agent within Interpol, and is sent to investigate the upcoming King of Iron Fist Tournament, hosted by none other than Heihachi Mishima, the owner of the multinational Mishima Conglomerate, which has been suspect to unethical and illegal biological experiments. Jun meets up with Lei Wulong, a detective from Hong Kong, and they are assigned to infiltrate the tournament together. Meanwhile, it is revealed that Kazuya somehow survived the fall and is now a cold, bitter man bent on revenge on Heihachi. Heihachi himself is aware that Kazuya is alive and apparently plans to bestow the Mishima Conglomerate to him when the time is right, but Heihachi's adopted son Lee Chaolan is unhappy with this decision, as he desires the company for himself. To this end, he seduces Nina and Anna Williams, two Irish assassins, and hires them to kill Kazuya. While Lee does not care for either Nina nor Anna, each believe he genuinely loves them and is merely using the other. Jun and Lei board a boat to take them to an island in Singapore for the tournament, in the process meeting a large man named Jack with an ailing little girl, Jane . Kazuya himself sneaks aboard from a bridge once the boat has left the port. While Kazuya is training, Jun confronts him about the past, and Kazuya reveals how he survived: he cut his chest badly during the fall and was on the brink of death when the Devil approached him with an offer to help him survive with superhuman powers in exchange for his soul, and Kazuya accepted. Nina again tries to kill Kazuya, but Kazuya beats her just as Anna appears with a bazooka and blows the gym up. Jun and Kazuya escape in time, but Kazuya warns Jun not to interfere with him again on the threat of death. The day of the tournament arrives, and Lee explains to the fighters  that they are to fight their way through a forest until they reach the central tower where Heihachi will be waiting for them. One vengeful competitor, Michelle Chang, tries to kill Heihachi there and then, but Heihachi foils her. However, to ensure that nobody will win the tournament, Lee secretly has his scientists release a special experiment into the field to stop the fighters. Meanwhile, Lei heads underground with Jack, who tells him that he is only looking for Dr. Boskonovitch, the only man who can save Jane from her illness. Eventually, they fight their way past some P. Jacks and reach Boskonovitch. In the process, Jack's arm is gashed and leaks black oil, revealing that he is not human, but a robot. Kazuya defeats Baek and runs into Michelle who has defeated Ganryu, who proves to be no match for him but too stubborn to give up despite Kazuya's pleas for her to do so. Michelle pours out her tragic story to Kazuya about how Heihachi burned down her village and indirectly killed both her parents. When she pushes Kazuya too far, Kazuya knocks her out and almost kills her but is narrowly stopped by Jun, who vows to fight Kazuya and expel the Devil from him. Elsewhere, Nina and Anna decide to have their own battle to settle their rivalry once and for all, but during the fight, a biologically enhanced dinosaur-like being appears and devours Anna from behind. The creatures then round on Kazuya and Jun, but are defeated when Kazuya taps into his dark power. The last one runs away, leaving Kazuya's path open. Lee appears at the door and challenges Kazuya but is beaten just as Heihachi emerges and engages Kazuya in combat. As Boskonovitch treats Jane, Lee enters the facility in a crazed state. Now fully aware that he will never inherit the company now, Lee slays all the security scientists and sets off the self-destruction sequence. Lei, Jack, Jane and Boskonovitch hear the countdown and evacuate along with countless soldiers. Jack sacrifices himself to hold a door open long enough for Lei and Boskonovitch to escape with Jane. The tower explodes with Lee still inside, and begins a chain reaction which turns the resort into a volcanic inferno. Kazuya seems to be losing against Heihachi, but he gives into his power again and overpowers his father brutally. Just as Kazuya prepares to throw his broken father into a river of lava, Jun appears and implores him to stop. Kazuya almost kills Jun, but when he notices her crying for him, he remembers the only person he ever loved and who ever cried for him: his mother. Kazuya sheds a tear and manages to expel the Devil's influence from within him, reverting to his kind, compassionate self once again. Infuriated, Heihachi tries to punch Kazuya off the cliff, but Jun takes the blow and the three fall as the island begins exploding. Lei arrives in a submarine and picks up the remaining fighters, along with Kazuya and Jun. Heihachi escapes in a jet just before the island finally explodes. Sometime later, Jun is seen knitting in a wood. Her young son, Jin appears and asks her to tell him a story. Before she can begin, she looks up and senses a strange presence in the distance, but when Jin asks her what is wrong, she tells him everything is fine and they walk home together."] ['After Interpol destroys a mass of Thai opium fields, the drug lords strike back by viciously murdering the officers in charge of the drug raid. In response, the cops hire the mercenary Angel Organization whose leader, John , sends crack agents—Angel #01 Saijo , Moon  and Elaine . Their first act is to seize a massive drug shipment with the help of an American secret operative, Commander Alex Fong . This inevitably invokes the rage of frighteningly fierce Madam Yeung  who recently grabbed the mantel of power after killing her predecessor. After a series of tussles with Madam Yeung, Saijo finds himself buried alive in an armored car while Moon and Elaine settle their score with their nemesis kung fu style.'] ["Based on a book by Hong Kong filmmaker Edmond Pang Ho-Cheung, Fulltime Killer protagonist O is a hitman being challenged by new hotshot Tok. O has lived a life of seclusion as the number one hitman in Asia. The woman living at his contact address is captured after O foils a set-up by his boss. He then goes on the run whilst trying to fend off his adversary. The last part of the movie focuses on an Interpol detective's attempt to write the story of Tok and O.Fulltime Killer Plot"] ['Bloodsport III reintroduces the character Alex Cardo  from Bloodsport II. As Alex gambles in a casino, masked men steal money and a package from the casino, but not before Alex beats up several of the men. After the robbery, The casino owner convinces Alex to retrieve the package  from the robbers, since they belong to a mob boss named Duvalier . Alex does so, and Duvalier invites him to a dinner party he\'s hosting as thanks. At the party, Duvalier shows Alex his top fighter, the Beast, and tries to convince Alex to fight in his upcoming Kumite. Alex refuses, since he does not fight for profit, much to Duvalier\'s ire. To provoke him into fighting, Duvalier has Sun , Alex\'s mentor, teacher, and spiritual "father", killed. Alex turns to Leung  to whom he was indebted in Bloodsport II: The Next Kumite. Leung directs him to the great shaman, Makato "the Judge", to whom Alex must turn for guidance. . The judge teaches him to fully channel the energy in his mind and body in order to rout the Beast in the Kumite. By this point however, Duvalier has invested everything in the Beast, and no longer wants Alex in his Kumite, for fear he will upset the odds. When he is unable to block Alex\'s entry, he has his men stationed at the entrances to the tournament arena. Alex gets round this by posing as one of the entourage of another fighter. Both Alex and the Beast make their way through the Kumite, and face each other in the finals. Alex is initially outmatched by the Beast\'s great physical strength and endurance, and takes a severe beating as a result. Eventually, he remembers his training, and is able to knock out the Beast. He refrains from killing Duvalier, knowing that it won\'t bring Sun back.'] ['In the opening scene the protagonist begins to reminisce about his youth and remembers the day he was saved from execution in a raid performed by the anarchist cell he would later join. After reaching a safe house the group begins to teach him the tricks of their trade. He later takes part in several missions, though he continues to have difficulty throughout the film with the violence of his new job. Eventually a string of tragic events strike the team. One of their members is fatally betrayed during a mission, leading to their covers being blown during the next. Now wanted by the Japanese and Chinese authorities, their funders turn away from them and instead choose to support socialist electoral politics to further their cause. This angers the group, and they leave the larger organization, attempting to survive on their own by earning money through gambling and bank robbery. Over time the group becomes agitated with simply scraping by and several voice a desire to return to their old ways of clandestine warfare. They collectively decide to strike at the Japanese government in a high profile attack, leading up to a dramatic finale.'] ['Weng Weng plays an agent, code-named “00” who works for the Manila branch of Interpol. The Chief sends him in pursuit of an arch villain, Mr X, whose white sock covered head is reminiscent of the Ku Klux Klan’s pointed hoods. When Mr X holds the Philippines for ransom two businessmen, Maolo and Simeon, pay his demands. Weng Weng suspects foul play and goes deep undercover to reveal the true identity of the mysterious Mr X.'] ["A world's new kung-fu hero  is out to stop drug dealers, gangs and help save the world from an evil con ."] ["Kung fu master Chen  is tricked and his hands crippled by the villainous gangster and brothel-keeper Tuen , who also forces his sister  into prostitution. No longer able to practice the martial arts, he becomes a lowly street entertainer, performing with his beloved trained monkey Ah Mao. Monkey ([[Hsiao Ho  is a petty thief and meets Chen and the two begin an odd friendly relationship until Tuen's men slaughter Chens pet monkey, causing Little Monkey  to try and take revenge for him. Monkey is trained by Master Chen and believes he is strong enough and leaves Master Chen. He goes into the streets and fights Tuen's money collectors. He easily defeats them all and soon he is led to Tuen. Monkey confronts Tuen initially and gets beat, Miss Chen helps Monkey escape but is killed by Tuen, forcing Chen to take revenge for his sister. Monkey returns to Master Chen shamefully and tells Chen about the meeting with his sister. Chen gets angry and goes to fight Tuen but Monkey reminds him that his hands are crippled and the Monkey Fist won't be as effective. Chen, reluctantly, agrees and trains Monkey more and then Monkey comes back to the brothel to fight Tuen again. He gets pass all the men but gets trapped. Chen appears and saves him and they fight side by side. After that, Monkey engages combat with Tuen and soon gets the advantage. Tuen, seeing that he can't win tries to escape but Monkey doesn't let him and takes his hands. He smashes them into glass to cripple them, the same as what Tuen did to Chen. After that, it seems Monkey is done but then he says he also wants to avenge Chen's sister and kills Tuen."] ["The evil Lord Conqueror, head of Conqueror's Clan, is given a prophecy by Mud Buddha. It is said that if Conqueror finds two young children by the name of Wind and Cloud he will have good fortune. Mud Buddha tells Conqueror to look for him 10 years later so that he can tell the rest of Conqueror's fortune. Conqueror issues an order that every boy with a birth chart matching Wind's or Cloud's must become a disciple of the Conqueror's Clan. Both Wind and Cloud are found, and Lord Conqueror's servants murder their respective parents. Ten years pass, and Wind and Cloud are now both fully grown and highly skilled martial artists. Lord Conqueror raised them as his own children. He is angered by the disappearance of Mud Buddha and sends his men to find him. After Mud Buddha is found, he reveals that Wind and Cloud will either join or destroy Conqueror. Seeing that Wind and Cloud can lead to misfortune, Conqueror uses his daughter, Charity, to cause Wind and Cloud to fight each other. There was a love triangle involving Wind, Cloud, and Charity. Conqueror arranges a marriage with Wind and Charity. Cloud finds out and is unhappy about it. On the day of the wedding, he takes her away and Conqueror tells Wind to fight for his wife. Wind and Cloud engage in a battle and Lord Conqueror tries to kill Cloud in their duel, but killed his own daughter. This was because she tried to protect Cloud. Cloud and Wind's relationship with Lord Conqueror sours, after Cloud loses an arm to Conqueror in combat and Wind is poisoned by Conqueror's minions. Wind finds out the truth about who killed his parents and fights a fire beast which killed his father. Fortunately, Cloud is found by helpful villagers, one of whom donates his arm to replace Cloud's loss. Wind and Cloud then work together to destroy Lord Conqueror. Together, they defeat the evil warlord, finally exacting their revenge and fulfilling Mud Buddha's prophecy."] ['A young Cambodian man who has been trained to fight for money in his country is hired to kill someone in Hong Kong. He performs the hit and then flees from Hong Kong police, who are wrestling with internal problems of a model cop and his son, who is also on the force and who was told by his dad not to become a police officer. The father goes into a coma after being shot, and internal affairs suspects him of dealing drugs on the side. The assassin then befriends a young girl who is molested and abused by her father. They both plan to get back on a ship to Cambodia but have to get past Hong Kong police, who do everything they can to catch him.'] ["The film starts with Negaal, a former kickboxer who founded an organization that promotes other kickboxers who pay with their lives if they refuse to join, ordering his men to kill David Sloan for refusing to accept an invitation from them. Days later Johnny Styles wins the American kickboxing championship and is approached by Negaal’s men for an invitation, but Matt Reeves, Johnny’s friend and teacher, becomes suspicious about it. That night Johnny is murdered by Negaal's men, but not without Reeves arriving and beating them. Now wanting revenge, Matt Reeves travels to South Africa to chase after Negaal himself and joins a fighter, Paul Croft, who Negaal ordered to kill Reeves but disobeyed. In South Africa they encounter and fight Negaal’s men in a cat and mouse game throughout the film, going to prison in a trap set up by one of Negaal’s henchmen and escaping it heading to Croft’s home. Meanwhile Negaal recruits more fighters into his organization, with himself fighting and killing the German champion when he refused to join, and killing one of his own men for failing to get Reeves. Reeves, Croft, and Croft's sister arrive in Negaal’s mansion during the organization’s inauguration party, and they expose to the public Negaal’s true intentions and crimes. Matt Reeves fights his way to Negaal himself who is waiting at his office and the two men fight a duel to the death, with Reeves defeating and killing him."] ['The film follows two con artist brothers, Yipao  and Taipao . One day they are cheated out of their ill-gotten gains in an encounter with Jia Wu Dao . They try to fight him, to retrieve their money, but are defeated, so they ask him to train them, hoping to become the best fighters in the city. After surpassing the fighting skills of "ordinary people", Yipao soon discovers that Jia Wu Dao is a murderer. When he realises his secret has been revealed, Jia Wu Dao attempts to kill Yipao, but Taipao blocks the fatal blow and is killed in his place. Yipao escapes and plots how he will avenge his brother\'s death. He encounters a fat beggar  and, impressed by his kung fu, he asks takes the beggar to become his new kung fu master. After extensive training, the beggar asks Yipao to go and get him some wine. As he is about to return with the wine, Yipao encounters Jia Wu Dao again, and they fight, but Yipao\'s skill is insufficient. The fat beggar and Yipao then team up, using the monkey style kung fu, against Jia Wu Dao\'s snake style. As their fight moves outside of the wine shop, the fat beggar and Yipao defeat Jia Wu Dao, killing him with spiked vines, finally avenging Taipao\'s death. The fat beggar reveals that he is an undercover detective trying to arrest criminals, particularly Jia Wu Dao.'] ["A 'mockumentary' on the rise and fall of Chip and Dales dancer turned martial arts action star, Francis Allen Sledgewick, AKA Frank Sledge. When fame and fortune caused Frank to lose his sense of what's truly important, he realised he's going to have to get in touch with his roots if there's ever going to be a comeback."] ['The story centers around yoga master Singh  who wants to go in search of Indian Beauty . On his way, he meets Tally , a beautiful female gangster head. Because she doesn\'t want the Indian Beauty to have a good husband, Tally tried her best to make Singh a bad person. In the meantime, Uncle Panic  and his two nephews  arrive in India for a tour. There, they meet up with a con man . While they were having tea, they met an Indian man selling "Mysterious Water". The Indian man sprays some of the liquid onto Ng and Panic\'s nephews, which causes amnesia. Panic goes to a hotel and meets an illusion of Indian Beauty  whom he saves from drowning in the hotel\'s pool. They become lovers, but only for a short while because Panic is being hypnotised. When he awakes, he continues to search for the illusion. Meanwhile, Singh manages to become a bad person, to Tally\'s dismay. Tally has fallen in love with him, so she tries her very best to make him a good person again. The attempt succeeds when Tally and Singh drink a bottle of "Mysterious Water" which causes amnesia. However, the two become best friends. Panic, on the other hand, is being poisoned by a two-headed snake that caused him to be able to perform impressive yoga asanas. Indian Beauty has fallen in love with Panic and wishes to marry him. Until that fateful day, the father of Indian Beauty declares that the contest of marrying his daughter to the best yoga master begins. Panic was able to see his nephews and Ng again in the contest and reunites with them. Singh along with Ng and Panic were the finalists of the contest. They were to meditate and find out the true meaning of life. Singh passed the test and became the Brahma\'s assistant. Ng and Panic failed the test and decided to go back to where they came from. Meanwhile, Panic\'s nephews was on a tour bus and shouted out to Ng and Panic to go on board quickly. Indian Beauty sees the chance to escape her father and ran away with her lover Panic. Tally found out that Singh\'s spirit has gone to be with the Brahma and blamed him for his irresponsibility . Singh is now in the Brahma\'s palace and continue answer the prayers of the people for the Brahma. Unfortunately, the Brahma awoken from his \'dream\' and everything vanished. The movie ends with the start of the Stone Age where everyone struggles to survive so as to avoid extinction.'] ["Lian Nichang felt betrayed by her lover, Zhuo Yihang, and has since morphed into a vicious White-haired Witch. She builds a feminist cult that accepts women who were exploited by men. Its members include Chen Yuanyuan, who was betrayed by Wu Sangui. Meanwhile, Zhuo Yihang awaits on a snow-capped mountain for a rare flower to bloom, as he believes that it can turn Lian Nichang's hair black again. Lian Nichang vows to kill the surviving members of the eight major martial arts sects, who view her as their sworn enemy after she killed their seniors. Feng Junjie, heir to the Wudang Sect's leadership position, marries Yu Qin with the elders of the other sects as the matchmakers. On the wedding night, Lian Nichang appears and kidnaps Yu Qin, leaving behind a trail of destruction and corpses. Feng Junjie survives the massacre and plans with the survivors to infiltrate the Witch's base and rescue his wife. Meanwhile, Lian Nichang brainwashes Yu Qin through a series of rituals and makes her see her husband and the eight sects as foes. Feng Junjie and his companions confront the Witch and her followers in a battle but are defeated and only Feng and his friend are left of the group. They travel to the mountain in search of Zhuo Yihang, who is the only person that can prevent the Witch from continuing with her brutal massacres. After enduring hardship, they did not find Zhuo Yihang and decide to return to the Witch's base in a final attempt to save Yu Qin. Feng Junjie is no match for Lian Nichang and is almost killed by her when Zhuo Yihang suddenly appears and stops her. Lian Nichang uses her hair to pierce through Zhuo Yihang's body, critically wounding him, but she refrains from killing him as her hatred towards him gradually subsides. Just then, Chen Yuanyuan stabs Lian Nichang for betraying the cult's founding principles, causing Lian to pull her hair out from Zhuo Yihang's body, but Lian kills Chen as well. The film ends with the deaths of Zhuo Yihang and Lian Nichang, who finally forget their past feud and are laid to rest together as lovers. On the other hand, Feng Junjie is reunited with his wife, who has recovered from her trance."] ['Sidhu  is a lowly vegetable cutter at a roadside food stall in the Chandni Chowk section of Delhi. He longs to escape his dreary existence and looks for shortcuts with astrologers, tarot card readers, and fake fakirs, refusing to believe in himself despite his foster father Dada\'s  best efforts. When two strangers from China claim him as a reincarnation of a war hero in the past and take him to China, Sidhu, thanks to devious translations by his con-man buddy Chopstick , believes he will be taken to an exotic land and feted as a hero. In actuality, the Chinese men want him to rid their Chinese village of the vicious smuggler Hojo . Sidhu blissfully sets forth to China with Chopstick. Along the way he meets Sakhi , the Indian-Chinese spokesmodel known as Ms. Tele Shoppers Media, or Ms. TSM, who is travelling to the land of her birth and of her presumed-dead [who is still alive] father and her twin sister, Suzy. Suzy, also known as the femme fatale Meow Meow, works for Hojo, not knowing Hojo tried to kill her father. Sidhu, through a series of lucky coincidences, initially manages to sidestep being beaten brutally up by Hojo, but Hojo eventually catches up with him and exposes him as the buffoon he really is. Hojo kills Dada, and a disgraced Sidhu, left for dead himself, vows revenge. He encounters an amnesiac vagrant who turns out to be former Police Chief Chiang , the father of Sakhi and Suzy. Chiang recovers his memory, with his Kung Fu skills still intact. Sidhu wishes to learn cosmo Kung Fu. Chiang takes Sidhu on as his apprentice, and after months of training, Sidhu decides to kill Hojo. Hojo tells a lie to Meow Meow that Chiang killed her father. When Hojo meets up with Sidhu, Meow Meow hugs Chiang and stabs him in the back with a knife. Sidhu attacks Meow Meow, but Sakhi stops him. Meow Meow was shocked and figured out that Hojo lied to her. Meow Meow betrays Hojo and helps her father. They watch Sidhu battle Hojo. When Sidhu almost loses, his dada appears and tells him not to worship a potato and Chiang tells him to use the skill that is special to him. His specialty was chopping vegetables and cooking which helped him beat Hojo brutally in the end. In the end, Sidhu gains Sakhi\'s love. Right before the credits, pictures appear of what happen to the village. The last one shows that something has happened somewhere in another village in Africa. They say there is a "To be Continued -- Chandni Chowk to Africa."'] ['The film opens in the Forbidden City in 1887, where Chon Lin  is drinking tea with her father, the Keeper of the Imperial Seal of China. She tells him her brother, Chon Wang , is doing well as a sheriff in Carson City, Nevada, United States, but her father replies that her brother is dead to him. At that moment, Lord Nelson Rathbone , leads a band of Boxers into the city, who attack the Keeper. Rathbone stabs him and leaves with the seal. As he lies dying, he gives Lin a puzzle box and a letter to Chon Wang. Back in the Wild West, Chon Wang is doing well as sheriff, having captured an impressive array of fugitives. His deputy is relaxing with a book called "Roy O\'Bannon Vs. The Mummy", a highly fictionalized account of the events of the first film that now portrays Wang\'s "Shanghai Kid" as a cowardly sidekick. Wang receives a parcel, which contains the puzzle box and Lin\'s letter, telling him their father is dead and that she has tracked the murderer to London. Chon Wang travels to New York City to find his old partner Roy O\'Bannon , needing his share of the gold left over from the first film to buy his ticket. Roy has left his brief stint in law enforcement, broken off his romance with Falling Leaves, spent most of the gold investing in the Zeppelin, and is now a hotel waiter and part-time gigolo. After they attempt prostitution to pay for a trip to England, the Mayor of New York arrives in search of his daughters, Roy\'s latest clients. Chon Wang fights off a number of New York police officers, and he and Roy ship themselves to London in a crate. On the way, Wang tells Roy about his father, and Roy swears an oath to help reclaim the seal. During a meeting with the British Parliament, Rathbone gives word of trouble going on in China and even presents a gift to the Queen from the Emperor as a Bengal Tiger. The Parliament find this action appalling and insulting. In London, Wang and O\'Bannon have their duster and watch stolen, respectively, by a number of street thugs including a young boy named Charlie . After an extensive battle to reclaim these items, they are arrested by the police. In Scotland Yard, Inspector Artie Doyle  thanks the two for defeating the Fleet Street gang and gives Roy his watch that Charlie had stolen. He tells Wang that Lin is also in Scotland Yard, having attempted to kill Lord Rathbone and been dubbed "Looney Lin". Doyle is a reader of the Roy O\'Bannon novels, and is enthralled to meet the actual Roy O\'Bannon. Roy tries to use this to get Lin released, but it does not work. Meanwhile, Rathbone finds himself not alone in his carriage as Wu Chow  sneaks his way on and the two exchange a quick conversation and Rathbone slips him the dagger that killed the Keeper of the Imperial Seal. Sometime later, Roy and Wang wander through London, seeing Buckingham Palace. They encounter Charlie, who lets them into the empty house of a nobleman. Charlie brings it to their attention that the nobleman has an invitation to a gala at the castle. Roy and Wang don disguises: Roy masquerades as Major General "Sherlock Holmes" , and Wang is the "Maharaja of Nevada". After turning down the offer to try some spotted dick, Wang and Roy follow Lord Rathbone to a private library. Once they enter, they cannot find him; he has slipped through a secret passage, which Wang discovers in a fireplace. As Roy occupies himself with a copy of the Kama Sutra, Wang enters the secret room, which contains treasures from throughout the British Empire. Rathbone\'s guards attack Roy, but he is rescued by Lin, who has escaped from Scotland Yard. The three see Rathbone hand the Imperial Seal to Wu Chow, the illegitimate brother of the Emperor of China. Rathbone sees them and sets fire to the building, but young Charlie shows up and makes off with the Seal, Lin escapes through the roof, and Wang and Roy commandeer Rathbone\'s primitive automobile  for a wild ride, culminating in them crashing into Stonehenge. While unconscious after the car crash, Roy has a sexual fantasy involving Lin and the Kama Sutra, and he decides to start pursuing her, much to Wang\'s dismay. Lin finds them and gives them a ride to Whitechapel, where they stay in a rundown inn. Wang tells Lin about Roy\'s vices and problems, which Roy overhears. Lin does not flinch, but Roy is devastated at the betrayal. Wang however quickly makes it up to him by convincing several female prostitutes to have a sexy pillow fight with Roy. Lin, surprisingly, walks in on the fiasco and is heartbroken at the sight of Roy taking part in all the shenanigans. They all find themselves surrounded by Rathbone and a squad of boxers who apprehend the three. Taken to a covered pier, tied up and left defenseless, Wang and Roy finally encounter Wu Chow, his second-in-command Liu  and his Boxers. Wu Chow ties her up to try to locate the Seal, but they do not know where Charlie has taken it. He tells them the grand scheme: Rathbone would kill the bearer of the Seal and return the item to Wu Chow, who would use the Seal to unite the enemies of China and claim the throne. In return, Wu Chow would use a Gatling gun to dispatch the Royal Family, leaving Rathbone, who is tenth in line to the throne, King. Chon Wang and Roy escape and track down Artie Doyle, who has developed an investigative technique called deductive reasoning, which he uses to find that Charlie has been hiding at Madame Tussauds wax museum. They reclaim the Seal, but it is taken by Boxers, and the three are arrested for trespassing. Charlie  breaks them out, and they go to Queen Victoria\'s Jubilee Ball, where the Royal Family will be. Wang finds Wu Chow and Lin as well on the fireworks barge, kills Liu, unties Lin, and dismantles Wu\'s plan. However, Wu proves himself to be an accomplished martial artist, surpassing Wang in skill, but Lin arrives in time to kill him with a fireworks rocket and save Wang. Artie and Roy, who have found their way into the Houses of Parliament, confront Rathbone and prevent his escape. Before Artie can arrest him, Rathbone shoots him in the shoulder. Roy and Wang pursue Rathbone up into Big Ben, where they engage him in a sword fight. Rathbone pushes Roy out of the glass front of the clock, but Roy catches himself on one of the clock\'s hands. Rathbone nearly defeats Wang, but Wang\'s rage over his dead father and fallen comrade leads him to suicidally grapple with Rathbone, sending both of them flying out the clock face. Luckily, Roy catches Wang, as Rathbone plummets to his death. Roy and Wang decide to jump by gripping hold of a large British Flag drapped over Big Ben and land in the carriage containing Queen Victoria. Roy and Wang are knighted, as is Artie, whose full name is now Sir Arthur Conan Doyle. Artie decides to become a writer, his stories revolving around his deductive reasoning technique, and asks Roy if he can use the "Sherlock Holmes" name. Roy and Lin kiss, and Roy proposes that he and Wang go to Hollywood to get in on the ground floor with motion pictures . They roll off in a buggy, with Charlie stowed away. Wang also manages to open the box his father sent him, finding a message inside reminding him of the importance of family.'] ["A young man Ling Shih-hua  is severely beaten by Japanese mobsters and left for dead on the beach. He is nursed back to health by a pretty young girl, and he vows to take revenge on the criminals. Meanwhile, Miss Tien Li-Chun  comes to town with a score to settle with Ling. Apparently, her sister was jilted by Ling and she killed herself, so Tien must avenge her by taking his life. Ling begs her to spare him until after he gets his revenge, to which she reluctantly agrees, only to save his life after he gets mercilessly beaten by his enemies. As Tien waits for Ling Shih-hua to recover so she can beat him, he runs into an old man who teaches him the art of t'ai chi. This gives him the edge he needs, and he finally destroys the leader of the gang. Angela finally jumps in to take her revenge, but Ling's girlfriend throws herself between them and begs for mercy. Tien surprisingly spares their lives and storms off into the distance, presumably to find someone else to take out her aggression."] ['The film begins in 1974 of the Buddhist calendar , in feudal Siam. It is a time of political upheaval, treachery and danger. The opening scene explains how during the reign of Boromarajatiraj II of the Ayutthaya Kingdom, the Ayutthaya royal court became more powerful than the Sukhothai kingdom and expanded to the east. The Ayutthaya army besieged the Kingdom of Gods for several months. The king sent his son, Prince Indraracha to rule the kingdom. At the new kingdom, Lord Sihadecho is a provincial ruler, and a gallant and noble warrior of a formally great dynasty. His son, Tien, a spirited and unyielding youth, aspires to be just like his father, but is forced to undergo dance lessons instead much to his disdain. Meanwhile, the treacherous and power-craving Lord Rajasena, a former city administrator of the capital city, plots to seize total control of all Asia and has amassed the greatest army in Asia. Rajasena sends out vicious assassins to murder Lord Sihadecho\'s family and his loyal soldiers. The only survivor from this massacre is Tien, who manages to escape with deep vengeance in his heart. Tien is captured by a group of savage slave traders, who throw him into a pit with a giant crocodile when he proves uncontrollable. Tien is saved by Chernang , leader of the renowned "Pha Beek Khrut"  guerilla group, who attack the slave traders. Chernang throws a knife to Tien, proclaiming "your life depends on you, young boy," with which Tien kills the crocodile. Intrigued by his physical prowess and attitude, Chernang takes Tien to a soothsayer, who says the boy has a great destiny, that "spirits will fear him" and that he will become the greatest warrior who will ever live, and as such Chernang takes in Tien as his adoptive son and raises him like himself as a guerilla and a bandit. Tien gets his wish to train as a warrior and more besides, growing up to excel in the arts of war, including man-to-man fighting, incantation, and subterfuge. Tien is instructed in a variety of traditional Asian fighting styles, including muay boran and krabi krabong, Japanese kenjutsu and ninjutsu, Malay silat, and various Chinese martial arts. He also learns the use of weapons such as the ninjatō, katana, jian, dao, talwar, nunchaku, rope dart, and three-section staff.<ref name  | first  Ong Bak 2 Review | publisher  2009-03-31 | url  2009-04-03 }} Now a young man and with all these martial arts heavily instilled, becoming the greatest warrior to ever live, Tien  is eager to quench the vengeance in his heart by killing the slave traders, which he does. He then goes on to kill Lord Rajasena by posing as a dancer during a celebration. Returning to the Pha Beek Khrut, Tien is mystified to find their village deserted. Suddenly, he finds himself confronted by wave after wave of masked assassins, the same ones hired by Lord Rajasena to destroy his original home. As the fight progresses Tien is too enraged to notice that the masked villains are none other than his Pha Beek Khrut comrades though their individual combat styles are glaringly recognizable. As Tien tries to defeat the masked assassins he climbs on an elephant but then Bhuti Sangkha a.k.a. The Crow Ghost  appears and kicks Tien off of the elephant. Bhuti\'s nature is unknown and he has a small role in the film. Then he takes the elephant away. At last confronting their leader, Tien finds they have been surrounded by Rajasena\'s army, which is led by the tyrant, himself. Lord Rajasena reveals he had survived thanks to an armored tunic concealed beneath his state robes. Chernang unmasks and admits to his part in killing Lord Sihadecho, as he was in league with Rajasena. Chernang explains that he must carry out Rajasena\'s orders, or his family  will be killed. As Tien defeats Chernang, Chernang once again calls Tien his son and asks to him to avenge his father\'s death by finishing him off, which in anguish Tien does. The film ends on a cliffhanger with Tien, after defeating dozens of Rajasena\'s warriors, being finally overwhelmed by hundreds more. Rajasena orders Tien to be taken away to be slowly tortured to death. It is unclear whether Tien survives, and if he does, how it is so. An extremely ambiguous and vague voice-over explains that Tien "may find a way to cheat death again", and shows him with a fully-grown beard  standing in front of a scarred golden Buddha statue, perhaps indicating reincarnation.'] ['Lee Reyes plays Pat Morita\'s grandson, who is the last of the true ninja. His grandfather sends him to apprentice under David Bradley, who is the American Ninja, to gain experience. Lee Reyes cares only for his Game Gear and has little interest in the ways of the ninja. David Bradley in addition to being the American Ninja also owns a boat. In order to meet the American Ninja, Anne Dupont "varnishes" his boat when in fact she was asked to "tarnish" it. While having dinner Anne Dupont is kidnapped by James Lew and a host of multi-colored ninjas, and so the American Ninja and Lee Reyes sneak onto a plane to Venezuela to save her. It is revealed that Anne Dupont is the daughter of a scientist, under the employ of Clement von Franckenstein, who is being forced to develop a nerve gas for a Latin American despot. Ninja fighting ensues. Before the American Ninja and Lee Reyes can rescue Anne Dupont and her father from "Viper", the mysterious ninja that appears and reappears with a puff of smoke , the American Ninja must reawaken the ancient ninja tradition within Lee Reyes with a 5 minute training montage. James Lew is defeated in a climactic airplane battle scene , and David Bradley returns to Los Angeles to kiss Anne Dupont on the bow of his boat.'] [" Jake Donahue and his older brother Sean are in Thailand. Jake's brother is fighting for the kickboxing championship of Thailand and wins his bout. Jake and Sean leave the arena victorious and are soon attacked by Khan and his henchmen. Khan takes Sean on in a fight and subsequently kills him. He then attacks Jake and leaves him scarred for life. Ten years later, Jake is a police officer, fighting crime in New York city. Jake is given a special assignment by his commanding officer Captain O'Day . His Captain tells him that there are filmmakers in Thailand who kill the actors on the set of their films. Jake is to travel to Thailand to stop them. Jake refuses but changes his mind when he later finds out that Khan is involved. Jake travels to Thailand and meets a kickboxer who convinces Jake that he is no match for Khan. He tells him about Prang, a man who may be able to help him. Prang was once one of Thailand's top fighters but now lives a recluse in the wilderness. Jake finds Prang and Prang agrees to train Jake. Khan tries to rape a young lady called Molly . She escapes but is chased by some of Khan's thugs. Jake witnesses the chase and saves Molly. Jake then befriends Molly. Jake continues to train with Prang and perfects his skills. He develops an intimate relationship with Molly. Jake attracts the attention of the filmmakers he is supposed to be investigating and scores a role in a film. Jake leaves Prang's abode and heads for the film set. This gives Khan and his thugs a chance to kill Prang and kidnap Molly. Jake arrives on the film set and goes through several scenes before Khan appears. Khan throws Prang's lifeless body into the water below and throws Molly into a net and traps her. The final fight then takes place between Jake and Khan. Jake defeats Khan and subsequently kills him. He rescues Molly and the police move in to arrest the corrupt film makers."] ["Five years before the start of the film, the Yamashiro clan's chief retainers  dig gold out of a secret mine behind their lord's back. The lord of the Yamashiro clan wants to have the gold for himself, but his forces are not strong enough, so he cannot act alone. He also cannot go to the government first, because they would take the gold if they knew about the mine. He orders his ninja team, led by Gemma Himuro, to kill the chief retainers, claiming he would then report the mine to the government. Jubei Kibagami and Shinkuro are members of this ninja team. After the chief retainers are murdered, the Yamashiro lord does not report the mine to the government. Later, Gemma orders Shinkuro and others to kill Jubei, hoping they would all kill each other, thus eliminating everyone who knew about the mine. Reluctantly, Jubei kills Shinkuro and the others in self-defense. While Gemma is riding along a pass, Jubei springs from the snow and cuts off his head to avenge Shinkuro and the others. Jubei then becomes a wandering swordsman-for-hire. Sometime later, Gemma is inexplicably able to reincarnate himself, and over the next five years, becomes leader of a demon ninja group known as the Devils of Kimon, who in turn work for the mysterious Shogun of the Dark , which holds a grudge against the current government, the Tokugawa shogunate, and wants to overthrow it. Gemma tells the Shogun of the Dark the location of the secret mine. Meanwhile, Tokugawa government spies are trying to determine where the mine is. The Shogun of the Dark sends the Devils of Kimon to protect the Yamashiro clan from the government spies and government intervention in return for gold from the mine. The Yamashiro clan sends a large shipment of gold to the Shogun of the Dark, but the ship is wrecked in a storm on the coast near the village of Shimoda, in Mochizuki clan territory. Gemma and the Devils of Kimon are sent to recover the gold. They wipe out Shimoda village by poisoning the wells to get rid of any witnesses. They make it look as if a plague has killed the villagers. The next night, a team of Mochizuki Koga ninja is sent to investigate the plague in Shimoda village, but on their way they are slaughtered. The only survivor is Kagero, who is captured and is almost raped by her assailant, a huge stone golem called Tessai. Rescued by Jubei, Kagero escapes to continue her mission, while Tessai vengefully pursues Jubei. Tessai succeeds in ambushing Jubei but is killed. Tokugawa shogunate spy Dakuan, who had been observing Jubei, reveals that Tessai belonged to a supernatural ninja group known as the Devils of Kimon, who will constantly attack him to avenge the death of their comrade. Calling his bluff, Jubei is fatally poisoned by Dakuan in an attempt to force Jubei into his employ, the reward for his service being 100 pieces of gold and the antidote to his poison, which will kill him in under a day. The two unite with Kagero to determine the Devils of Kimon agenda and how it relates to the mysterious plague in Shimoda. Dakuan continues the main investigation on his own, using Jubei and Kagero as decoys, who must constantly fend off deadly attacks from the remaining members of the Devils of Kimon, the leader of whom is reputed to be Jubei's old nemesis Gemma, who was killed several years previously. Later on, Dakuan reveals to Kagero that the poison in Jubei can only be cured if she sleeps with him, much to her shock. During this she is abducted by the Devil Shijima, but is later rescued by Jubei. The Devils of Kimon recover the gold and move it by cart to nearby Kishima Harbor, to have it picked up by another ship and sent to the Shogun of the Dark. Jubei, Kagero, and Dakuan attempt to stop them, but Kagero is fatally wounded by Gemma, who was impersonating her lord - the Mochizuki clan leader, Sakaki Hyobu. In her dying moments, Jubei rushes to Kagero's aid, who confesses her love for him and the two share a kiss before she passes away, curing Jubei of his poison. Enraged by the death of Kagero, Jubei fights through the enemy forces to get to the ship as it is casting off. Dakuan has also sneaked on the ship; he overhears the Toyotomi retainer and Gemma discussing the Shogun of the Dark's plan for the gold. The Shogun of the Dark plans to use the gold to buy advanced guns from Spain and to overthrow the government. Gemma, however, intends to steal the gold for himself and use it to raise the largest ninja army ever, ultimately ruling the country through fear and intimidation. Gemma kills the Toyotomi retainer, and takes over the ship. Meanwhile, Jubei and Dakuan sneak into the hold of the ship, and in a fight with Zakuro, the ship is set on fire. Gemma goes down to the hold, and in a final battle with Jubei amongst the flames, he falls into the molten gold. Jubei and Dakuan escape the burning ship while Gemma's golden body sinks with the rest of the gold to the bottom of the sea."] ["Due to his own extreme ideals, famed swordsman Li has lost everyone dear to him. After his life is saved by a rival swordsman, Li's overwhelming pride means he forsakes the woman he loves and lets her marry his saviour. Now resigned to traveling the country with his loyal aide, Li's only comfort is alcohol and the simple life he has now accepted. On one such journey, the lonely swordsman befriends the exceptionally skilled, yet secretive Fei who has his own pressures to contend with. Li then finds himself embroiled in a battle to own the highly-prized 'gold armour shirt' - a protective vest that can withstand any blow. As he discovers that many of the people he meets have a hidden agenda, Li realizes that Fei is the only man he can truly trust. This new friendship is put under test when the 'sentimental swordsman' is hunted down by numerous hired killers and framed for a series of crimes he didn't commit. The person behind Li's troubles proves to be elusive, though all the clues seem to point to the legendary 'Plum Blossom Bandit', a disguised figure whose identity has long proved elusive to the martial world."] ["The film opens with a pre-fame Bruce Lee  delivering newspapers in Seattle, Washington. . We then see Lee competing in various martial arts tournaments and eventually landing a role on the television show The Green Hornet. He also gets married, and has to fight a whole lot of challengers. Later, Lee goes to Hong Kong, and, after being discovered on television by the wife of director Lo Wei, is given a contract at Golden Harvest. Lee also meets and falls in love with actress Betty Ting-Pei, who announces that she is pregnant with his love child . The soap opera-style romance takes over the film in its second half, and at one point there is a love triangle between Lee, Betty Ting-Pei, and one of Lee's co-stars ."] ['Ling Ling Fat is a Cantonese wordplay on the code number "008", a reference to James Bond, whose number was 007 , as well as part of a Cantonese Chinese New Year\'s Greeting: "Kung hei fat choy" . Ling Ling Fat  is, by heritage, a member of the Chinese Emperor\'s elite personal bodyguards. He belongs to the tribe of Baolong, which literally means "King Protecting". Instead of studying martial arts, like his fellow bodyguards, Ling Ling Fat makes unusual inventions, such as cannons fired from the mouth, helicopter blades, and magnets. He also practices gynaecology, and spends time with his loving wife . In the beginning of the film, Ling Ling Fat fails to apprehend a group of ugly swordsmen who are trespassing in the Forbidden City, but he does manage to acquire a kung fu manual, Flying Fairy, from one of the swordsmen. During an audience with the Emperor, Ling Ling Fat\'s seemingly useless inventions and his ignorance of martial arts enrage the Emperor, who demotes him to menial tasks around the palace. Meanwhile, Faceless, King of Gum Tribe, plans to assassinate the Emperor and overtake China. The Gum Tribe creates a diversion by inviting all the doctors of China to a medical exposition in which an alien is to be dissected. Ling Ling Fat and the Emperor separately depart for the event. While Ling Ling Fat and his wife feast at a string of restaurants, Gum\'s men assassinate and kill the Emperor\'s three remaining bodyguards. The assassins put the unconscious Emperor in an alien costume to present him as the alien for dissection. Just as Ling Ling Fat and the other doctors discover the Emperor\'s identity, Gum\'s assassins begin to slaughter everyone in attendance. Ling Ling Fat uses his wits and inventions to defeat the assassins. The Emperor honors Ling Ling Fat for his success and gives him an enormous pearl as a reward. For his next assignment, the Emperor charges Ling Ling Fat with investigating a prospective concubine, the beautiful prostitute Gum Tso . Ling Ling Fat meets with Gum Tso without his wife\'s knowledge and has difficulty restraining himself from her seductive advances. He gives her the enormous pearl and lies about it to his wife. Later, Gum Tso surprises Ling Ling Fat at his home, forcing a violent confrontation between Ling Ling Fat and his wife\'s family. Ling Ling Fat forsakes his tearful wife and leaves with Gum Tso. When Ling Ling Fat brings Gum Tso to the palace, he and the Emperor throw Gum Tso in chains and reveal that she is actually Faceless in disguise. Ling Ling Fat had deciphered Gum Tso\'s true identity during their meeting and enlisted his entire family in a ruse to fool Faceless. The Emperor begins handing out acting awards to Ling Ling Fat\'s various family members, but Faceless manages to break free. Once again, Ling Ling Fat uses his inventions and wits to combat Faceless, but Faceless fights back with powerful martial arts techniques. On the verge of defeat, Ling Ling Fat is struck by a lightning bolt meant for Faceless which awakes his potential and enables him to use the Flying Fairy technique he learned from the manual he gained at the beginning of the film, thus destroying Faceless.'] ['Two friends are tricked into fighting in the Shootfight, a deadly fight to the death, by an evil man . Their sensei Shingo  must step in and save the day.'] ['Ten years ago, Jake Hopper  was a CIA agent who was stationed in Thailand. Then one day, things went sour, and his partner, Sunti  barely escaped with his life after accidentally killing a woman. Jake called it quits and returned to the United States when his wife died, and Sunti became a Buddhist monk to atone for his sins. For the past 10 years, Jake has run a successful private security business, and has been raising his daughter Jessica , who is now an adult. While hiking in Thailand, Jessica and her friend Sarah Winthorpe  are kidnapped. A group of Islamic fundamentalists known as the Abu Karaf claims responsibility. Sarah is the daughter of United States senator John Winthorpe. The Abu Karaf demand the release of 20 prisoners from American custody. Tom Collins , an ex-colleague of Jake\'s, recognizes Jessica on the ransom tape, and he tips Jake off. Jake knows that he must rescue the girls himself. An old CIA buddy puts Jake in contact with Leon Washington ([[Patrick Robinson , an active CIA agent who is working in Thailand. Jake goes to Bangkok, and escapes an assassination attempt by unknown forces. Leon arranges a meeting for himself with Soku—the internal security chief for General Jantapan . Jantapan is a rebel military general who is making a play to be one of the most powerful men in Thailand. Secretly, Jantapan is messing with some very dangerous spiritual forces. Soku provides Jake with a cover story, but the CIA wants Jake out of it because they\'re planning to take out the Abu Karaf with the aid of the Thai army, and they don\'t want a civilian in the middle. Jake is a spiritual man, so he contacts his spiritual master Paijan Paitoon. As Jake is in trouble, Paitoon offers to arrange a divination from the oracle of the order. He enlists the help of Sunti. Jake also gets Lulu , the girlfriend of arms dealer Fitch McQuoid , to steal information leading to the Abu Karaf. Jake and Sunti follow the leads to a warehouse where they discover evidence of highly sophisticated weaponry. With their enemies now after Lulu, Jake takes Lulu under his wing. He then shares some of his info with Leon—still testing the waters. Can he trust Leon? Another attempt is made on Jake\'s life—and this time, Jake\'s sure that Leon was involved. Finally, the Abu Karaf contact Jake to arrange a meeting—the pieces are coming together, and Jake figures out that it was not the Abu Karaf who kidnapped Jessica and Sarah. Jake gets his reading from the old oracle, and the cryptic message confirms his fears—demonic spiritual forces are working against him. Jantapan later goes to an evil temple and tries to send the spirit of an ancient warrior demon to kill Jake, but the ceremony goes wrong and the spirit enters Jantapan himself, giving him amazing but evil physical and spiritual powers. Jake and Sunti go to meet Mongkol , the leader of the Abu Karaf. Mongkol confirms what Jake suspects—ever since the terrorist attacks of 2001, Jantapan has worked to corner the narcotics and arms markets. He also said that Jantapan kidnapped the girls and blamed the Abu Karaf so the army would wipe out Jantapan\'s competition. Mongkol knows where the girls are, and he gives Jake plans and intelligence and they both need the girls alive. Jake must engage in a rescue effort that will put him to the ultimate test as he takes on Jantapan in a battle in which death may be the only ending. That night, Jake and Sunti plan to rescue the girls who are locked in a cell in Jantapan\'s house. After killing two gang members guarding the cell and freeing the girls, a horde of corrupt Thai policemen intervene and makes a deadly shootout but end up dead through the firearms of the two. Sunti kills the rest of the cops while Jake battles with Jantapan in the upstairs living room. Jake kills Jantapan by disarming him and inflicts several injuries in his body like breaking his neck. He ends the fight by throwing Jantapan in a display cabinet which crushes his spine killing him. Jake returns downstairs which is now full of dead bodies of Thai police and embraces the girls and then Sunti only to discover hes is fatally injured. Sunti wishes Jake farewell before dying in his arms. Suddenly, military forces led by Leon and their General enter but Leon orders them to hold fire after seeing Jake with the dead Sunti and kidnapped girls. After the battle, a Buddhist funeral with Jake in the lead is seen. Jake steps into the river and throws Sunti\'s ashes in the water. A vision of Sunti smiling fades in and later fades out. The last scene is a head show of Jake looking at the river and saying "Good-bye brother." The movie ends with words saying "In Loving Memory of our friend Trevor Murray" and the credits roll.'] ["The plot centers on Inukai Heishiro , the son of a clan officer. One of his clan's most precious heirlooms, a sword given them by the Shogun, has been stolen by the samurai Kazamatsuri . Against his father's advice, Heishiro insists on retrieving the sword himself. His father sends two ninja after him to make sure he doesn't do anything stupid. Kazamatsuri wounds Heishiro, and kills one of his companions. The young noble ends up staying with an older samurai  and his daughter Koharu  while he heals from his wound and plans his next move. The older samurai tries to dissuade him from fighting, but Heishiro's honor won't allow him to leave Kazamatsuri alive. The older samurai, who turns out to be the master Hanbei Mizoguchi, convinces him to fight Kazamatsuri by throwing rocks rather than with swords. Meanwhile Kazamatsuri settles for a few days at a gambling house owned by Lady Okatsu , who falls in love with him. Then one night one of the ninja sent to protect Heishiro bribes her to poison his sake for one thousand gold. She does, but Kazamatsuri tastes the poison and kills Okatsu. He then kidnaps Koharu in an attempt to get the master Mizoguchi to fight him. Mizoguchi reveals to Heishiro that he killed Koharu's father, and has since never drawn his sword on another man, despite his immense skill. They then go to find Kazamatsuri and rescue Koharu. While Mizoguchi stalls Kazamatsuri, Heishiro takes Koharu aside and says he will marry her if Mizoguchi wins. Kazamatsuri fights Mizoguchi, who only draws his sword after his opponent destroys his wooden sword. He then disarms Kazamatsuri near a cliff. Kazamatsuri, admitting defeat, commits suicide by jumping off the cliff. Heishiro and the others go to the bottom, where there is no sign of Kazamatsuri's body, but Koharu spots the stolen sword at the bottom of the river, where Heishiro retrieves it. Flash forward one year. Heishiro has married Koharu, the sword is restored, and Mizoguchi is now an official in Heishiro's clan."] ["Bond Cheung  is a high school student in Hong Kong who has a strong passion for Muay Thai kick boxing. He trains at a local boxing gym, and is instructed by the Kong Ching team trainer Lau , in an effort to be a competitor in the Star Runner Pan Asian Martial Arts Competition. While attending summer courses, he is attracted to his new Korean teacher Kim Mei Chiu . It is revealed that she is recovering from a break-up in Korea with a former lover and has come to Hong Kong to start over. The two start off as friends, but after a series of fateful events occur, feelings spark, and they eventually begin seeing one another, in spite of the controversy that it creates. Then abruptly, Bond is kicked off the Kong Ching team, regarding with his coach's financial troubles, which angers him and believes that his chance in entering the competition is gone. Soon after, he is confronted by an unexpected new trainer Bill , a washed-up but well experienced former martial arts champion. After some compensation, Bill teaches Bond Chinese Kung Fu  as alternative and effective fighting techniques to his kick boxing. Regained confidence, Bond then decides to enter the competition on his own, with Bill as his advisor and cornerman and they become the team Fusion Tao. The event draws entires of 18 boxing organizations from 12 countries, along with its most lethal fighter Tank Wong  from Soul Boxing Gym team. As his relationship with Kim becomes stable, Kim's former lover sees her again, asking for forgiveness, saying that he still loves her. With her feelings torn, she decides to go back to Korea with him, but is still having second thoughts about her feelings for Bond. In the competition however, competitors are slowly eliminated one by one, as the epic fight between Bond and Tank draws closer and what will determine both fighters' destiny."] ["Cheng Do  is the well-educated younger son of an unpleasant, miserly salt baron who pours attention on Cheng, grooming him to be a scholar, and ignores his hardworking elder son . The brothers have a loving relationship with each other, despite some strain from their father's unequal treatment of them. Both brothers are skilled in external martial arts, though their father disapproves of Cheng practicing kung fu when he should be studying. One day, a local bully with a nobleman father harasses the townsfolk, and Cheng fights, defeats, and humiliates him. That night, the bully and his partners in crime ambush Cheng and his brother, attempting to burn them with fireworks. The brothers turn the tables on the bully, but Cheng accidentally goes too far, inflicting permanent brain damage on the bully that renders him mentally disabled. The bully's father hires an assassin to murder Cheng and his family and friends. The assassin is a master of external martial arts. He murders Cheng's father, brother, and friends, and burns Cheng's home down, destroying the family fortune. Cheng escapes, but is left orphaned, homeless, penniless, and friendless. Cheng stumbles across a puppeteer  being assaulted by rival showmen. The puppeteer is successfully defending himself, but Cheng comes to his aid anyway and inadvertently destroys his booth by kicking one of the assailants into it. The puppeteer insists that Cheng pay for the damage. Cheng has no money, so he follows the puppeteer home to work off his debt. There, Cheng befriends the wine-loving, humorously eccentric puppeteer and his wife , but is sent away when he accidentally offends them. It is revealed that the assassin is mute and is the single father of a young boy who lives at a nursery because his father is unable to support him. Despite this, the assassin and his son deeply love each other. The assassin makes a wooden horse for his son, but the other children mock it for looking amateurish. The assassin's son boldly stands up for his father. Later, the assassin's son is kidnapped by street thugs, but is rescued and befriended by Cheng. Despite this, the assassin continues to hunt Cheng, determined to finish his job. The assassin ambushes Cheng and almost kills him, but Cheng escapes again and flees back to the puppeteer's house, where the puppeteer and his wife were regretting having sent Cheng away. When Cheng returns, the puppeteer reveals that he is a master of T'ai chi, and he trains Cheng to counter the assassin's hard style with soft. The nobleman who hired the assassin is about to have his birthday, and he contracts the puppeteer to give a performance at the celebrations. He demands an original performance, though, which the puppeteer doesn't have ready. Cheng comes to the rescue by using his physical skills to give an original performance. His costume prevents him from being recognized. After the performance, Cheng overhears the nobleman saying that he hired the assassin who murdered Cheng's family and friends and burned his home and fortune. Cheng reveals himself to the nobleman, who turns out to be a skilled external martial artist too. The nobleman attempts to murder Cheng, who fights back with a combination of Tai Chi and his former external style. During the fight, the nobleman is killed by his own insane son. Cheng flees back to the puppeteer's house. The next morning, Cheng drinks some wine, then prepares to confront the assassin. However, the assassin finds him first, having learned his location. Cheng counters the assassin's hard style with soft Tai Chi and kills the assassin. Cheng then takes care of the assassin's orphaned son."] ['A news reporter covers a story in Turkey where many people have mysteriously died, seemingly from pneumonia. In Hong Kong, Buck Yuen works as an exercise equipment salesman. After an unsuccessful day at work, he heads out through the shopping mall and intuitively knows that a robbery is about to take place. Buck thwarts the robbers plans, relieving them of the money they have stolen and returning it to the police. Later, a stranger approaches Buck, eager to speak to the hero who foiled the robbery. The stranger goes by the name of Manny Liu and he tells Buck that he is rounding up several men of Buck\'s age and description, one of whom could be the son of a wealthy Korean man. As a child, Buck had been an orphan, but he has vague dreams seemingly recalling his parents cooing over him, his father clutching a shiny object. Buck goes to meet the Korean man in question, a former spy, who does not have long to live. After fending off an attack on the old man, Buck is given the opportunity to play a "game" with the old man. The old man gives him a crucifix, which appears to be the shiny object of his dreams, confirming this man to be his father. Once the old man has died, Buck finds the first clue to the "game" at his grave – a message saying "wait for me" in English. Eventually he realises that the letters of the phrase correspond to a telephone number and calls it. It turns out to be a bank in Turkey, so Buck sets out on his journey. Once in Turkey, Buck goes to the bank and receives the contents of the old man\'s safety deposit box – a large sum of money and a small package. Avoiding the attempted theft of his newfound wealth by a group of thugs who have commandeered a fleet of taxis, Buck eventually makes it back to his hotel. Along the way he meets two women – the first, Korean reporter Carmen and the second, a Chinese woman called Yong, who sings sweetly and wears a scarf embroidered with the same phrase from the old man\'s grave. He catches up with the woman and they arrange to meet later. Buck then visits a Turkish baths, but is accosted by another group of thugs, and ends up being pursued, wearing nothing but a towel, through a Turkish bazaar. He soon loses his towel, and is forced to hide his nudity with a variety of implements from the various stores, all the while, avoiding attacks from the thugs. He hides in an alleyway and notices huge pieces of cloth hanging from above, so he rapidly performs acrobatic moves to twist the material around himself. Thus disguised in the makeshift clothing he finally manages to make his escape. Carmen Wong, who had appeared to be a reporter, turns out to be working for the CIA and she informs Buck that the item everyone seems so keen to get their hands on is a new biological weapon, Anthrax II, many times more powerful than regular anthrax. It is this that had killed the many Turkish people in the film\'s opening scene – Turkey had been chosen as the testing ground. When Buck meets up with Yong, he learns that her boss is crime lord Lee Sang-zen, and a deal had been brokered between him and Buck\'s \'father\'. Buck and Yong are then captured by a Turkish gang and tied up, but the gang themselves are subject to an attack from Lee\'s gang. Buck makes his escape and frees Yong, winding the winch cable of a crane all around the supporting wooden beams of the building and setting the crane to retract the cable. The cable rips through the wooden building, tearing it from its moorings and allows Buck and Yong to escape into the sea. Later the pair are picked up by Lee, and Buck learns that Yong is a drug addict, practically a slave to Lee and her life is in grave danger. Later, as they part, Lee offers Buck a new deal, more money and Yong\'s freedom if he gives Lee what he wants. Realizing that if he saves Yong\'s life, many others may die, Buck seeks the advice of a Turkish priest. The priest knows the various East Asian languages, and was an associate of the old man. He leads Buck to a basement room and gives him the item that everyone has been trying to get their hands on – 2 vials of Anthrax II. He advises Buck to save the one he can and leave the consequences up to God. Buck relents, following the advice of the priest, hands over the vials over to save Yong. However, he soon learns that she has already been given a fatal dose of drugs and is soon dead. Buck tells Carmen that he gave the vials up for Yong\'s life and a desperate race to get them back ensues. Manny reappears in a helicopter to assist Buck as he chases after Lee. At the height of the action, the thugs\' car becomes lodged into the rear of a large oil tanker, which catches fire. In scenes reminiscent of Speed, the driver is told he must keep the tanker traveling at 80&nbsp;km/h or else the fire will spread forward, blowing up the tanker and a huge blast radius around it. Buck pulls the family from the tanker to safety one by one, but cannot escape himself. Manny Liu reappears in a helicopter to help get Buck out, but is unable to. At the last moment, as the tanker heads towards the edge of a disused bridge, Buck leaps from the tanker.Though it is not stated in the film credits, the structure Chan jumps from appears to be one of several viaducts that were damaged during the 1999 İzmit earthquake. As he flies over the edge of the bridge, he grabs the plastic barrier, which is quickly uprooted sending him swinging down towards the ground, as the flaming oil tanker crashes into the ground below and explodes. Buck rolls down a hill after the jump, hitting his head. As he loses consciousness, Manny searches his body for the Antrax II and takes it. When Buck wakes up in the hospital after recovering from his injuries, Manny reveals that his entire adventure was actually an intelligence mission arranged for an undisclosed American intelligence agency, performed by Buck as an informal, non-official agent . His background as an orphan, combined with his talents of extremely sharp intuitions and excellent martial arts skills had made him a perfect candidate for a freelance agent who could perform special missions. The mission was set as a "game" for Buck since he was not an official agent and therefore cannot be briefed about it. His sharp intuition enabled him to interpret his "clues" correctly, thus enabling him to perform his mission successfully. As the end credits are rolling, Jackie Chan\'s is doing another mission, this time in Italy.'] ["The film is based on selected chapters of Wu Cheng'en's classical novel Journey to the West and will tell the story of how the Monkey King rebels against the Jade Emperor of Heaven.{{cite web}}"] ['The film begins showing Thongs and Octopus evading security guards in a hospital, having stolen money and cancer medication from the safe. Meanwhile, a newborn baby to the wealthy Lee family is snatched by Max, the mother\'s ex-boyfriend, prompting the security guards give chase, ignoring the burglars, and corner Max on an escalator. Following a violent struggle, Max and the baby fall over the side—The baby is caught by Thongs, while Max plummets to his death. While the guards are distracted, Thongs and Octopus leave in the Landlord\'s minivan.  A few months later, the Landlord finds his flat burgled, his life savings gone. He receives a phone call from his middleman Uncle Seven, offering him a job to kidnap baby Lee on behalf of a triad boss, who claims the baby is his grandson. Enticed by the HK$7 million reward, Thongs and Octopus accept the job without knowing its objectives, finding out only after the Landlord has fled the Lees\' mansion with the baby. Disgusted by the idea of kidnapping a baby, Thongs threatens to return him, but relents after the Landlord tells him of his predicament. En route to their rendezvous point in Sai Kung, the trio encounter a police road block which the Landlord attempts to outrun, only to crash his van down a hill. As the police close in on them, the stuck Landlord instructs Thongs and Octopus to leave with the baby. While in custody for reckless driving, the Landlord learns of the baby\'s value through the news. He phones Thongs, instructing him not to hand the baby over to anyone prior to his release so he can jack up the price. Over the next few days, Thongs and Octopus take care of the baby, developing a strong bond with him. The two begin to regret their vices: Thongs resists the urge to gamble, while Octopus feels sorry for cheating on his wife. Meanwhile, both the triads and the police are after the baby. The triad boss, enraged by the non-delivery of his "grandson", sends his men to retrieve the baby from Thongs\' flat. Confronted by both the triads and Police Inspector Mok, Thongs and Octopus go into hiding with the baby. Shortly after his release, the Landlord is brought to the triad boss, who increases his offer to HK$30 million for the baby. He finds Thongs and Octopus at the hospital, where the baby is being treated for fever. The Landlord informs the two of the triads\' latest offer, but Thongs and Octopus are more concerned about the baby\'s welfare than the cash. However, the two agree to bring the baby to the triad boss\' mansion, where the Landlord will meet them with the rest of the money. As the trio are about to leave, they hear the baby crying for them as a blood sample is taken from his arm. Thongs and Octopus experience a flashback of the days they spent with the baby. Overcome by their feelings, they fight their way into the triad boss\' private amusement park to recover the baby while the Landlord leaves with the money. Thongs almost manages to escape with the baby, but is forced to surrender when the triads threaten to hurl Octopus to his death. Thongs and Octopus are taken to the triad boss, who insists the baby is his grandson, only to be proven wrong by the blood test. Driven mad, the boss places the baby in a deep freeze room next to Max\'s corpse so the baby can be with his son, prompting Thongs and Octopus fight for the baby. The two end up trapped in the room with two minions, but are saved when Inspector Mok arrives with the Landlord, who swiftly cracks the lock to the room. Thongs and Octopus run to the garage with the comatose baby, where Thongs attempts to revive him with a makeshift defibrillator powered by a car battery. Despite his efforts, the baby does not come to and is driven off in an ambulance, where his heart is found to be beating weakly. Imprisoned for kidnapping, Thongs, Octopus and the Landlord volunteer for a mock capital punishment demonstration during an open day, using the opportunity to apologise to their loved ones. After the demonstration, Inspector Mok informs the three that their sentences have been further reduced by the Department of Justice. Thongs, Octopus, and the Landlord then see the baby alive and well with his parents. As a token of appreciation for saving the baby\'s life, Thongs, Octopus and the Landlord are offered jobs by the Lee family as a bodyguard, chauffeur and head of security respectively.'] ["In the year 1431 in Thailand, Tien / is held captive being beaten with wooden staves. On the orders of Lord Rajasena , his elbows and knees are snapped. As Lord Rajasena sleeps, Tien's guerilla fighters attempt to free Tien, but Bhuti Sangkha  appears and kills them. Lord Rajasena offers to hire Bhuti, but he refuses and gives the offer to remove the curse which has been placed on Rajasena before leaving. Rajasena orders his men to kill Tien, but before this can be carried out, a man arrives with a pardon from the king, indicating that he will take Tien's corpse, much to Rajasena's ire. The messenger returns Tien's body to the Kana Khone villagers. After fending off the village from invaders who are after Tien's body, Master Bua  feels guilty over Tien's imprisonment and becomes a Buddhist monk. Pim  revives Tien to life, but finds that Tien is still crippled from his beatings. Tien then embarks on a rehabilitation regimen with the help of Master Bua. Rajasena visits Bhuti at his temple to remove his curse, but Bhuti reveals his true motive of usurping Rajasena and becoming the new king. After a battle, Bhuti decapitates Rajasena, but his severed head curses Bhuti. After meditating, Tien returns to his village to find it in ruins, and the surviving villagers kidnapped and enslaved by Bhuti. Bhuti uses his magic to summon an eclipse. When Pim reveals herself as Tien's companion, she is taken to Bhuti's palace, where she is killed. Tien witnesses this killing from a statue and fights his way through the guards before confronting Bhuti, who launches a spear at Tien's chest. As he falls to his knees, defeated, he remembers Bua's words, and finds himself again atop the statue. Overcoming Bhuti's illusion, lightning strikes and Bhuti's eclipse magic is dispelled. Bhuti attempts to escape but is confronted by Tien. Bhuti attempts again to throw a spear at Tien, who catches and throws it aside. On the royal ledge above the arena, Tien's upright finger tips hold Bhuti aloft by his chin. Suddenly an elephant's trunk butts the doors below the ledge, causing Bhuti to fall from Tien's grasp. Bhuti falls, over the elephant's tusks. The camera pans as we watch Bhuti dying on the ground, pierced by the elephant's broken tusk. As he breaths his last breath, the elephant, now resembling the one tusk Ganesha, raises his head in a victorious trumpet. Beginning life anew, with good having triumphed over evil, the final scene opens as Tien, Pim and the remaining villagers, pray before the statue of Ong Bak."] ['The film revolves around a crack squad of female police officers who have to deal with harassment and a lack of respect from their male colleagues, personal issues as well as some serious criminals.'] ['In modern day Hong Kong, Leung King-cheung  received a job from his real estate company to handle a dispute in a village in the New Territories. Leung arrives and meets with two old martial artists, Tiger  and Dragon  who are being bullied by the young Chung Sang-mang  and his crew. Chung wants Dragon and Tiger to sell their lease on a teahouse which was used as a training dojo by their comatose master Law San . When Law suddenly wakes up from his 30 year coma, and is determined to restart his school by taking on Chung and his master Pong Ching ([[Michael Chan .'] ["The evil emperor Shao Kahn ([[Brian Thompson  opens a portal from Outworld to the Earthrealm and has reclaimed his queen Sindel , who is Kitana's  long-dead mother. Earthrealm is therefore in danger of being absorbed into Outworld within six days, a fate which Liu Kang  and the others must fight to prevent. Kahn kills Johnny Cage  during the confrontation by breaking his neck, and the remaining Earthrealm warriors must regroup and think of an idea to defeat Shao Kahn. An emotionally guilt-ridden Sonya  enlists the help of her old partner, Jax , while Kitana and Liu Kang search for a Native American shaman named Nightwolf , who seemingly knows the key to defeating Kahn. On the way, they run afoul of the cyborg Smoke. Kitana and Liu Kang dispatch him with the aid of Sub-Zero , but Scorpion  suddenly appears, attacks Sub-Zero, and kidnaps Kitana. Raiden  meets with the Elder Gods and asks them why Kahn was allowed to break the tournament rules and force his way into Earthrealm, and how he can be stopped. The answers he receives are sparse and ambiguous; one says that reuniting Kitana with her mother, Sindel, is the key to breaking Kahn's hold on Earthrealm, but another Elder God insists that the defeat of Kahn himself is the solution. Raiden is then asked by the Elder Gods about his feelings and obligations towards the mortals, and what he would be willing to do to ensure their survival. Liu Kang finds Nightwolf, who teaches him about the power of the Animality, a form of shapeshifting which utilizes the caster's strengths and abilities. To achieve the mindset needed to acquire this power, Liu Kang must pass three tests. The first is a trial of his self-esteem and focus. The second comes in the form of temptation, which manifests itself in the form of Jade , who attempts to seduce Liu Kang and make him forget about Kitana. Liu Kang resists Jade's advances, which impresses her. She offers her assistance in fighting Kahn. Liu Kang accepts Jade's offer and takes her with him to the Elder Gods' temple, where he and his friends are to meet Raiden. The third test is never seen. At the temple, the Earthrealm warriors reunite with a newly shorn Raiden, who explains that he has sacrificed his immortality to freely fight alongside them. Together, they head for Outworld to rescue Kitana and reunite her with Sindel. With Jade's help, Liu Kang sneaks into Kahn's castle and rescues Kitana, while the others find Sindel. Unfortunately, Sindel remains under Kahn's control, and she escapes while a trio of Raptors ambush the heroes, while Jade reveals herself to be a mole sent by Kahn to disrupt the heroes' plans. Raiden then reveals that Shao Kahn is his brother, and that Elder God Shinnok  is their father. He realizes that Shinnok had lied to him and is supporting Kahn. With renewed purpose, Raiden and the Earthrealm warriors make their way to the final showdown with Kahn and his generals. Shinnok demands that Raiden submit to him and restore their broken family, at the expense of his mortal friends. Raiden refuses and is killed by an energy blast from Shao Kahn. Though the early going is rough, Jax, Sonya, and Kitana emerge victorious against their opponents, but Liu Kang struggles with Kahn, and his Animality barely proves effective. Shinnok attempts to intervene and kill Liu Kang on Kahn's behalf, but two of the Elder Gods arrive, having uncovered Shinnok's treachery. They declare that the fate of Earth shall be decided in Mortal Kombat. Liu Kang finally defeats Kahn, and Shinnok is banished to the netherrealm. Earthrealm reverts to its former state, and with Kahn's hold over Sindel finally broken, she reunites with Kitana. Raiden is revived by the other Elder Gods, who bestow upon him his father's former position. With everything right in the universe once again, the Earthrealm heroes return home triumphant."] ['Natalie Cook , Dylan Sanders , and Alex Munday  are the "Angels," three talented, tough, attractive women who work as private investigators for an unseen millionaire named Charlie . Charlie uses a speaker in his offices to communicate with the Angels, and his assistant Bosley  works with them directly when needed. The Angels are assigned to find Eric Knox , a software genius who created a revolutionary voice-recognition system and heads his own company, Knox Enterprises. Knox is believed to have been kidnapped by Roger Corwin , who runs a communications-satellite company called Redstar. The Angels infiltrate a party held by Corwin and spot a thin man  who was seen on the surveillance videos during Knox\'s kidnapping. They chase and fight the Thin Man, but he runs away. When they follow him, they discover Knox. After the Angels reunite Knox with his business partner Vivian Wood , Charlie explains that they must determine whether the Thin Man has stolen Knox\'s voice-recognition software. The Angels infiltrate Redstar headquarters, fool the security system, and plant a device in the central computer that will enable them to explore it remotely. They retire for the night after giving Bosley the laptop computer that communicates with the Redstar computer. Dylan takes up Knox\'s offer to spend the night with him, but he betrays her later that night, explaining that he faked the kidnapping with help from Vivian and the thin man. He has kidnapped Bosley, and, with access to Redstar\'s central computer, he intends to use his voice software with the Redstar satellite network to find and kill Charlie, who he believes killed his father in the Vietnam War. Knox shoots at Dylan, apparently killing her, but she escapes unharmed. Natalie and Alex are also attacked, and Corwin is murdered by the Thin Man. When the Angels regroup, Charlie\'s offices are blown up, but a radio receiver survives in the rubble, and the Angels deduce Bosley\'s location as he speaks to them using a radio transmitter implanted in his teeth. With help from Dylan\'s current boyfriend Chad , the Angels approach the abandoned lighthouse where Knox is holding Bosley prisoner. The Angels rescue Bosley and defeat Vivian, the thin man, and some henchmen before Knox blows up the lighthouse, but Knox uses his software and the Redstar satellite network to locate Charlie when he telephones Bosley. When Knox escapes in a helicopter armed with a missile, Bosley helps the Angels board the helicopter, and Alex reprograms the missile, which blows up the helicopter and kills Knox while the Angels land safely in the ocean. Seeing the opportunity to finally meet Charlie in person, the Angels enter the beach house that Knox targeted, but Charlie has already left. He remotely congratulates them on a job well done, and treats them and Bosley to a vacation. When Charlie speaks to the Angels by telephone on the beach, unseen by most of the group, Dylan suspects that she sees him nearby talking into a cell phone.'] ["Jo Pil-seong is an idle detective who spends his time scratching off lottery tickets in his office, while his wife and children work in a manwha shop. Pil-seong secretly takes his wife's emergency money of ₩300,000 and tells his friend to bet it on a bull name Gomi in a bullfight. Gomi is declared as a winner, and Pil-seong's friends celebrate their victory later that night as they wait for him to arrive. Meanwhile, an escaped prisoner named Song Gi-tae intervenes in the celebration and steals Pil-seong's money. When Pil-seong finds out what has happened he confronts the criminal, but suffers a humiliating defeat. Pil-seong reports to his colleagues and his boss that he encountered the infamous Gi-tae, but none of them believed in him. In an attempt to recapture Gi-tae, Pil-seong decides to recruit his friends  and found him inside a house with his girlfriend, Kyeong-Joo. Formulating a plan, Pil-seong tells his friends to stand by the outside window of where Gi-tae was, while Pil-seong himself sneaks into the house, armed with pepper spray. Gi-tae, however, was aware of Pil-seong's presence and once escaped before the police arrived. Before leaving, Gi-tae takes out his knife, stabs Pil-seong's right hand, and warns him that the next time he'll kill him if he tries to capture him again. Suffering from public humiliation as well as being kicked out of the house by his wife , Pil-seong decides to train himself in fighting Gi-tae. When taking taekwondo lessons one day, Pil-seong learns that the upper part of the human rib cage is the vulnerable area of taking his opponents down. He later buys himself his own handgun as his own personal defense weapon. In the next encounter of Gi-tae, Pil-seong got him surrounded by keeping Kyeong-joo hostage. As he forced Gi-tae to keep moving on, Pil-seong's friends intervened, causing Gi-tae to escape once again. Pil-seong's friends begged him to give up capturing Gi-tae for his own sake, but he refuses. Meanwhile, one of Gi-tae's accomplice, Pyo Jae-seok, was arrested by Pil-seong. He confiscates Jae-seok's handphone and orders him to bring back the money that Gi-tae stole from him. Learning that Gi-tae was hiding somewhere in a fishing village, Pil-seong uses a bullhorn and asks Gi-tae to reveal himself. Realizing that Pil-seong has the money and Jaeseok's cell phone, Gi-tae calls him and tells him that he is next to the manwha shop where his family works. Holding a gasoline tank, he gives Pil-seong one hour to meet him and bring the money, or else he'll destroy the manwha shop with his family inside. Pil-seong did as he was told but also asked his colleagues and policemen to arrive in his family's manwha shop. Pil-seong arrived in a small fenced area and buried the money, before Gi-tae came. Wanting to capture Gi-tae, he non-fatally shoots him in the stomach with his handgun. He discards his handgun and takes Gi-tae's knife and asks for a fair fight. The battle then ensures as both Pil-seong and Gi-tae beat each other up to the pulp. Finally cornering Pil-seong, Gi-tae asks him for the money and threatens to kill him if he doesn't. Gi-tae finds the money and walks off. However, Pil-seong regained consciousness and eventually defeats his opponent by accurately striking him in the upper rib cage. Pil-seong is barely conscious from the fight, but is satisfied on his efforts of capturing Gi-tae. Pil-seong's colleagues later finds him in the cell sleeping with Gi-tae handcuffed. Few days later, Pil-seong and his colleagues was awarded for a higher position as officers and led a ceremonial parade to Pil-seong's daughter's school. The film ends as Pil-seong and the fellow officers gave a salute."] ["Chris Cody  is a top-ranked mercenary who took part in an undercover operation to stop a major terrorist strike on U.S. soil—a strike that the UN refused to believe was about to happen. However, Cody had to break a number of laws in order to do the job, and he's in a military prison. At the U.S. Embassy in Montevideo, Uruguay, Secret Service agents are briefing the ambassador on a terrorist base when they suddenly go haywire and kill her, and then themselves. Later, in Washington DC, intelligence analyst Dr. Chappell ([[Christine Adams  concludes that some sort of mind control device must have been used. A Delta Force commando team is sent to Uruguay to investigate, but they are quickly ambushed and captured. Taken to the terrorist base, they are brainwashed by Dr. Adrian Lehder , a scientist who heads a secret CIA experiment in mind control, programming soldiers to become virtually unstoppable killing machines when they're given the right commands. The Navy recruits Cody and his talented crew to take Chappell and special agent Fletcher ([[William Hope  with them in an effort to destroy the facility and take down Lehder. Cody is promised that in exchange, he and his crew will be freed and cleared of the alleged misconduct that they were accused of and receive 100,000 dollars each. Suspicious, Cody quickly jettisons Fletcher, who turns out to be in league with Lehder. Fletcher tips off Lehder, and they quickly abandon Lehder's facility, leaving behind a few American prisoners as Trojan horses. One team of Cody’s men commandeers a submarine, while the others secure the base and rescue the prisoners. The team fights its way past a tank, destroys the base, and escapes on the sub. But they end up stuck on the sub with some of the mind-controlled soldiers. After fighting off the soldiers and escaping from the sub, Cody and his crew realize that they must race to bring down Lehder before the rest of his soldiers claim them all."] ["Set in the Muromachi period in early 16th century Japan, the young ninja Rantaro  is born into a family of low-ranking ninjas. Rantaro is sent by his father and mother  to attend the six-year course at a Ninja Academy run by Denzo Yamada . Rantaro's homeroom teacher is Hansuke Doi  and head of the Ninja Girl classes at the school is Shina Yamamoto who appears as either a beautiful young woman  or an older woman . After going home to his parents' farm for the holidays, Rantaro is joined by his schoolmate Shinbei  but they later decided to stay with teacher Doi. One day, some Usetake ninjas arrive at the house of flamboyant hairdresser Yukitaka Saito  and his son Takamaru  in order to kill both of them. Yukitaka and Takamura used to belong to the Usetake clan, but Rantaro and his friends aim to save them by joining a contest that ends with a race to ring a bell on top of a mountain."] ["A group of Russian mobsters have stolen a huge supply of paper for printing U.S. currency, and are now flooding the market with counterfeit bills. When one of the mobsters decides to turn herself in and hand over a data CD to the DA, she is shot and killed, but not before handing the disc to an unsuspecting Tommy Lee. Despite working with the police as a martial arts instructor, Lee doesn't go to the cops with the disc, but instead goes on the run, giving the mafia time to kidnap his daughter and hold as a hostage in exchange for return of the disc. When Lee catches the mobsters fleeing in a C130, he raises himself on a fire engine and casts the mobster's own bomb into the plane as landing gear doors close."] ['Ironheart opens at a Portland nightclub , where Milverstead, who is considered the most powerful and ruthless man in town, and his group of thugs are looking at the female clientele with an approving eye. Milverstead is shipping illegal arms out of the Portland docks, and to sweeten the deals with his trading partners, he kidnaps local lonely dancers, strings them out on heroin, and sends them along in the deal. He notices Cindy Kane  dancing furiously to U-Krew\'s hit "If You Were Mine" and decides to kidnap her. To lure her into his trap, he instructs his young lieutenant Richard  to flirt with her and get her to go with him. Cindy is ostensibly with her loser boyfriend Stevo  at the club, but wants to get him jealous and so leaves with Richard. Milverstead and his gang leave shortly thereafter. However, they are being tailed from the club by a new policeman on the Portland force from LA named Douglas , Douglas has been tipped to Milverstead\'s shady dealings and follows everyone to the docks, where most of the gang is now dragging Cindy onto a boat, locking her in a cage and shooting her full of heroin. At this point, Milverstead\'s second in command, Ice  takes some of the gang and lays a trap for Douglas. They beat Douglas senseless, at which point Ice shoots Douglas in cold blood on a pile of old tires, and also blows up his car with gunfire. Back in LA, Douglas\'s old partner John Keem  is made aware of his partner\'s untimely death and strangely ordered to Portland to assist the local police in the investigation. While driving to Portland in a red convertible Porsche, he stops for a sandwich when he notices some men on the beach smoking marijuana and, subsequently, attempting to rape a female jogger. He goes to investigate when he is charged by a drugged out rapist named Spike, and promptly beats him and the rest of the potential rapists up, saving the jogger\'s life. When he goes to check on the woman, she has fled in terror from the bizarre encounter. Upon reaching Portland, he immediately goes to meet with Captain Kronious , who offers assistance and mentions that a woman also disappeared the same night Douglas was killed, a Cindy Kane. John goes to talk to Stevo and see if there is perhaps a connection between Cindy\'s disappearance and Douglas\'s fateful death. Milverstead arranges to have Cindy sent overseas with his next shipment, and brags to Ice how pleased he is things are going so smoothly, as he HATES chaos. John Keem meets up Stevo, who tells him Cindy left with a strange guy from the club, so they go to investigate that night. Milverstead is there along with his gang, so John Keem stirs things up a bit by starting a fight to get Milverstead\'s attention when he sees a friend of Cindy named Kristy  being harassed by a couple young punks. Puzzled that Ice has never heard of this new heavy hitter, he sets about to find out who exactly John Keem is. Kristy runs a dance studio, so John Keem decides to pay her a visit the next day and question her about Cindy. Cindy, unfortunately, became a "tragic dancer\'s story", where she was talented, but got lazy and started simply dancing at the clubs trying to land a rich guy, leading Stevo on the whole time that he had an actual chance with her. They go to lunch, where they are interrupted by Stevo  who tells John Keem to check out an address given to him by the Captain. John races off to follow the tip, leaving Stevo to awkwardly hit on Kristy just one day after his girlfriend goes missing. John finds the address, but when he gets closer to the house to investigate, he sees a bomb planted just inside the window by Milverstead\'s henchman Simmons  and runs away just as it explodes. Simmons and his accomplices try to corner John, and they then engage in a wild gun battle where two of the gang are killed and Simmons wings John Keem in the shoulder. At this moment, Kristy arrives out of nowhere in an old Volkswagen Beetle and just drives through the middle of the battle, allowing Simmons to escape. Kristy jumps out of her car and gets in a shouting match with John, who calms her down and blows up her car so it can\'t be traced. They drive off together to continue the hunt. Back on Milverstead\'s boat, he is relaxing with a drink Ice just made when Simmons arrives. He quizzes Simmons about whether or not John Kim was dead, and makes him feel guilty about botching the operation so badly. Simmons sputters out some nonsense about knowing that he shot John Keem, but refuses to answer whether or not he terminated the target. Disgusted, Milverstead tells Simmons the dead men\'s blood scream for his, so he has Ice strangle Simmons with his own tie and toss him overboard. Kristy attends to John Keem\'s wounds back at her place, when she starts to get emotional. Unmoved, John Keem listens and then they promptly sleep together with no apparent pre-text other than they were both there. Stevo is frantically trying to reach John Keem, so he calls Kronious to let him know that Richard, the guy Cindy went home with, works for Milverstead. He then goes off to complete his route for Hot Flash Pizza. However, Captain Kronious calls Milverstead with this information, and not John Keem. Milverstead gets off the phone and asks Ice, who has been bouncing a pencil while awaiting his next order, if he\'d like a little "exercise". Ice throws down the pencil and goes off to find and kill Stevo. After their sexual encounter, John Keem goes off to finish the investigation while Kristy goes to collect her 8 year old daughter she left at the club with the reception several hours earlier. John Keem learns that Stevo has been killed, and makes the connection that Milverstead is involved. He takes the fight to Milverstead by impersonating a homeless man and banging on the door to Milverstead Shipping in downtown Portland to alert the night watchman. They let him in, and he promptly kills or maims the entire security team and finds evidence to finish Milverstead once and for all. Milverstead is waiting for him at the club, and offers a bonus to any of his henchman who kills John Keem. Kristy leaves her daughter at home alone again to try and lure Milverstead out into the open by dancing up a storm at the dance club. Milverstead knows she is working with John Kim, but decides to kidnap her and send her overseas anyway to punish her for working with him. Unfortunatetly, John Keem dispatches his henchman with a single punch and quickly follows Milverstead and Ice to the docks. There he also finds the double-crossing Captain Kronious, and gets him to tell him where Milverstead is before he shoots and kills him. He then kills off the remaining henchman  and corners a helpless Milverstead. Wielding a samurai sword he took off one of the henchman, he chops a sobbing Milverstead\'s head off and turns to face Ice. He quickly beats  Ice, avenging his friend\'s death. He goes back to LA with Kristy and her daughter to start a new chapter of his life.'] ['Inspector Eddie Chan  is assigned to find a high profile businessman who has been kidnapped, and the search takes him from Hong Kong to Taiwan, causing him to cross paths with some very powerful men in the Chinese underworld. What complicates matters is that there is a mole within the police force, determined to stop Chan from succeeding. Chan, a very troubled policeman, finds himself fighting his personal demons at the same time he battles the seemingly unending wave of crime in the city. This film is a based on the real life kidnapping of Hong Kong property billionaire Wong Yat-fei . In the end, the mole is uncovered and reveals the location of the Chinese businessman on a boat, leading to his rescue. This is, however, a fictionalized ending to the case; in real life, Teddy Wang was never found and remains a missing person to this day, many believe that he was thrown off the boat as the police converged upon it.'] ["A secret agent named Agent 999 is in trying to apprehend a thief named Rolex. Agent 999's hunt leads him to a village where residents routinely capture visitors and eat them. Although the cannibalistic ritual has been initiated by the town chief, the villagers feel close to rebelling against him as more of their food has been given to his soldiers than the townspeople. Agent 999 is rescued from the villagers form Rolex who has been posing at the village chief's assistant. He rescues Agent 999 as an act to help redeem his career. Soon after, Rolex is caught by the village chief and eaten. This leads to Agent 999 escaping from several different villagers along with a new found love in his life named Eileen."] [" Boxer From Shantung follows Ma Yongzhen and Xiao Jiangbei. Ma and Xiao are manual laborers busting their tails in Shanghai at the beginning of the film, and Ma's first encounter with the crime lord Tan Si starts him off on the underworld influence ladder. Step by step, he earns the respect of everyone he meets, either with his strength of character or by beating them up. When he gets a really big break by defeating a Russian strongman, he indulges himself in a fancy cigarette holder, much like the one Tan Si uses. However, he is mindful of his humble beginnings, and of the fact that times are still tough for many in Shanghai. He shares his good fortune with his old fellow wage slaves, and when they assist him in his various extralegal activities, he lectures them on the futility of trying to extort money from people who simply don't have any to spare.  The tea house that Ma and his underlings frequent employs a singer, Jin Lingzi, and her uncle, who provides the music. Ms. Jin's hopes that Ma's arrival will mark a turn for the better for conditions in the crime-plagued city are dashed when she ascertains that he isn't different enough from the other bosses she's seen rise and fall."] ["Star Chow  is an officer in the Royal Hong Kong Police's elite Special Duties Unit . During a meeting with his senior officer, Inspector Yip , Star jokingly suggests he wish to be reassigned to the traffic unit. Star immediately finds himself demoted to Constable engaging in traffic duty on the streets of Hong Kong. After being made the scapegoat for a failed high school terrorist investigation, Star hastily resigns from the police. He decides to enroll at the high school to launch his own private investigation. But Star realises the investigation won't be easy when he discovers that the bumbling, incompetent CID detective Tat  is also undercover at the high school."] ["Present day New York City: Sean MacArthur  is a street hustler. One day while selling counterfeit goods at the corner of Radio City Music Hall, a group of young men attempt to force Sean to relocate with his merchandise. These boys work for Harvey Boarden , a ticket scalper who controls the corner. Sean fights them off, but does not retain his money or products. Later, Sean sees Harvey and the guys who stole his money in a cafe and confronts them. Harvey gives him his money back and offers him a chance to a 'winner takes all' fight for money. Harvey sets up a meeting with his friend and rival, Martinez . Sean's first fight is at a Brooklyn church against a Russian. He wins when he knocks the Russian into a water fountain. Harvey takes Sean to a club where he meets a waitress named Zulay , a single mother to whom Sean had earlier tried to sell a fake Chinese Harry Potter book. In the VIP area to the club, Sean also meets Evan Hailey , a professional fighter who used to be on the same college team as Sean, and was coached by Sean's father. Sean and Harvey leave after Evan and Sean nearly get into a fight. Sean's second fight is at the back of a store in the Bronx, against a much larger opponent. The fight descends into chaos after interference from some of Harvey's crew when the opponent nearly chokes Sean, and the woman who owns the store pulls out a gun because one of the guys spills her drink. Harvey, Sean, and the rest of Harvey's crew flee the scene and neither fighter gets paid. For his third fight, Sean and the crew go to a penthouse. Sean wins the third fight. Between fights, Sean meets Zulay a few times, and they eventually have sex. Sean and Zulay are visited by Harvey and Sean is furious, suspecting Zulay and Harvey of having sexual relations. Harvey explains that Zulay places bets for him. Sean and Harvey are offered a fight against Evan, and Sean accepts, but Harvey wants him to throw the fight so that Martinez and his associates can make money. Sean agrees to throw the fight. Zulay places the bets, a total of $500,000. Sean and Evan fight, with Zulay, Harvey, and the rest of the crew watching. Evan has Sean in a choke hold and it appears that Sean is about to throw the fight; however, he fights back and overpowers Evan. Sean beats Evan and Martinez threatens Harvey. At Harvey's apartment, Sean reveals Zulay reversed the bets and they have one million dollars. Zulay picks up Sean and Harvey and they leave New York with Zulay's daughter and grandmother."] ['The film opens up on Operation Eagle Claw, the American operation to rescue American hostages being held at the U.S. embassy to Tehran. The operation is being aborted after a fatal helicopter crash, with the U.S. Delta Force evacuating to their C-130 transports. Among them is Major Scott McCoy , who, against orders, rescues his wounded comrade Pete Peterson ([[William Wallace  from the burning helicopter before the team finally evacuates. McCoy expresses his disgust for the politicians and military hierarchy that forced the mission to launch despite the risks, and announces he is resigning his commission. Five years later, a group of Lebanese terrorists armed with a Colt M1911, PM-63 machine pistol and AK-47s hijack American Travelways Boeing 707  Flight 282 that is on a flight from Cairo, Egypt to Athens, Greece to Rome, Italy and then to New York City. Taking all passengers and crew hostage, the group, the pro-Khomeini New World Revolutionary Organization, led by Abdul Rifi  and Mustafa , forces Captain Roger Campbell  and his crew to fly the plane to Beirut, Lebanon, where they make demands to the United States government that, if not met, will result in the death of the hostages. During the crisis, they separate the Israeli passengers from the Americans by forcing the flight attendant to identify them, who is hesitant to do so because she is German. When the plane lands in Algiers for refueling, the terrorists bring a dozen additional henchmen on board and release the female hostages and children. Meanwhile Delta Force, led by Colonel Nick Alexander  and McCoy, are deployed to resolve the crisis. Once the female hostages are evacuated, they launch their assault, only to discover too late that there are additional hijackers and inadvertently alert the terrorists. Abdul kills one hostage, a US Navy diver named Tom, taking the other two US divers with them as well as dozens of male Jewish passengers on board to Beirut. Delta Force gives chase to rescue the remaining hostages. Upon landing in Beirut, the terrorists gather their hostages and transport them to a militant-controlled area of Beirut. Using a sympathetic Greek Orthodox priest, Israeli Army Intelligence prepares an operation to free the hostages. In a prolonged campaign against the terrorists, Delta Force bides their time to identify the terrorist leaders and the location of the hostages. Once their location is discovered, Delta Force assaults the terrorist holdout, freeing the hostages and evacuating them to the airport. During the battle, McCoy, Peterson and their team hunts down Abdul and his men, killing most of the militants before Abdul shoots Peterson, gravely injuring him. McCoy chases Abdul and tracks him down to an abandoned home. He then engages him into a vicious hand-to-hand fight, breaking Abdul\'s arm. As the terrorist leader prepares to shoot McCoy, he is killed after McCoy launches a rocket into his car With the hostages and rescue teams secured, the team seizes Flight 282 by secretly infiltrating the airfield through a cotton field. Using silenced weapons, Alexander and the Delta team assassinates the terrorist guards including the last hijacker and saves the crew, ordering them to fly to Israel. The team boards the plane with all of the hostages, taking off just as McCoy is the last one to board the plane after having destroyed several terrorist jeeps on the runway with his motorcycle armament. On board the team tends to the wounded passengers and Pete who is now dying. After having confirmed that the hostages are safe and en route home, Pete says his farewells to McCoy before succumbing to his wounds. In the main cabin the ex-hostages and Delta commandos join together in a rousing rendition of "America The Beautiful", not knowing about Pete\'s death. In Israel, the plane lands safely and the hostages are greeted by their families, while Delta Force disembarks with Pete\'s body in tow. The team concludes their operation and departs for the United States amidst celebrations by the people.'] ["Mark Salzman always was interested in Kung-Fu and the Chinese culture, claims to have seen every Kung-Fu movie. 1982, with a degree in Chinese literature, he visits a province university in China for two years to teach Chinese teachers the English language. He learns the refinements of correct behavior among Chinese people, makes friends with his pupils, falls in love with the young doctor Ming, learns Uschu  from the famous teacher Pan... but also learns about political repression, especially when he's forbidden contact with some of his friends."] ["Late night in a bar in the present day, an old man enters and awaits service. Not long after, a group of thugs arrive and attempt to rob the till. The old man defeats them easily one-by-one with hand-to hand combat. Amazed, the bartender asks who he is. The old man replies it was long ago... Christopher Dubois  is a pickpocket in his mid-twenties living in 1925 New York. Orphaned as a child, Dubois looks after a large group of young orphans by performing cons and stealing. After stealing a large sum of money from a group of gangsters, Dubois and the children are found by the gangsters. Dubois is able to subdue the gangsters with his physical skill, but the struggle draws the attention of the police. After promising to return to the children, Dubois escapes the police by stowing away on a boat. He is eventually found out by the crew and imprisoned by gun smugglers and pirates and forced into physical labor. Eventually, the crew decides Dubois is no longer needed. But before he can be killed, the pirate ship is attacked and boarded by a mercenary Englishman, Lord Edgar Dobbs . After saving each others lives, Dobbs agrees to help Dubois return home, but deceives him and sells Dubois into slavery on an island near Siam, where Dubois is trained in Muay Thai fighting. After 6 months, Dobbs and his partner Harri Smythe ([[Jack McGee  find Dubois fighting in a Muay Thai match and see that he has become a skilled fighter. Dobbs later assists  Dubois, buying Dubois' freedom so the now expert fighter can represent the U.S in a Kumite-like tournament called the Ghang-gheng, held in the Lost City of Tibet, where representatives of different countries like Germany, Soviet Union, Scotland, Spain, Turkey, Brazil, Korea, Siam, Greece, France, China, Japan, Okinawa, Africa, and Mongolia fight in elimination bouts, and the winner of the tournament receives a valuable statue, the Golden Dragon. Along for the journey are American reporter Carrie Newton  and heavyweight boxing champion Maxie Devine . Dubois ultimately wins the tournament by defeating the representative of Mongolia and he is given a medal and proclaimed the greatest fighter, but does not accept the Golden Dragon. Instead he trades it for the lives of Dobbs and his comrade Harri, who were sentenced to death for trying to steal the Golden Dragon. Back in the bar, Dubois explained he never received the Golden Dragon. Instead, he returned to New York and helped the children get off the streets. Ultimately, things turned out for the best. Devine helped to train many great fighters. Dobbs and Harri opened a trading post deep in the Amazon. In the final scene, a book by Carrie Newton closes revealing its title; 'The Quest'."] ["A young Chinese martial art national champion, Kong, came to Hong Kong on a short contract with a Chinese opera group. A small time gambling boss, Ma, was impressed with Kong that he wants him to be his fighter in the underground all-contact boxing world. In need of money, Kong makes up his mind to enter the underground boxing scene with his girlfriend Tin, and together they were under control. Kong's fighting skills made him unbeatable in the arena, but after each win, he gets himself in too deep with the underground world."] ["The movie begins with Gouki  battling his master Goutetsu. Though both combatants show equal potency, in the end, Gouki is the victor, killing Goutetsu with the Raging Demon technique. Gouken arrives in time to find the mangled body of their master Goutetsu and a no longer human-looking Gouki. Gouken scorns Gouki, telling him that his path was set for him and asking why he would do such a thing. Gouki steals his master's beaded necklace and walks away completely unfazed. Sayaka, unable to reach the fight in time, falls down to her knees and vomits, a sign of her pregnancy and her connection to Gouki. The movie then moves forward, introducing Ryu, who is visiting his master's old dojo. It is there that an apparition of Gouki comes to Ryu and challenges him. When Ryu comes to his senses, he is greeted by an old man, who says that he, too, had just witnessed what was a true demon. The old man invites Ryu to his house, where Ryu meets his granddaughter Fuka, and offers to train him. Sakura shows up and spars with him, which encourages Ryu to accept Gouki's challenge. Ryu seeks out Akuma, and the fight begins. During their hard battle Ken confronts the old man and is easily taken down. It is here that old man tells Ken about the Satsui no Hadou. He states that the Satsui no Hadou is a mysterious evil life force that dwells within certain fighters. As this life force is exploited, it grows stronger until it consumes its possessor. Once the person is consumed by the Satsui no Hadou, they cannot be released from its hold. He states that the Satsui no Hadou is ancient, that even old warlords knew of its existence. As Ryu and Gouki continue to fight, Ryu becomes desperate and is temporarily possessed by the Satsui no Hadou. However, he realizes that it is not the correct course of action and stops using the power. Gouki scolds Ryu, saying to him that his path to a great warrior had been clouded and that a true warrior unleashes his full potential. Seeing Ryu as no threat to him anymore, Gouki unleashes a Metsu Hadouken on him, only to have Ryu survive it. Gouki then walks away, cursing Gouken and saying that he will meet Ryu again and fight him. Gouki sees an apparition of Sayaka treating his wounds in the past before the scene shifts back to the present with Gouki demonstrating a more human appearance with normal eyes, perhaps implying that he has regained some of his humanity. Bruised from his fight, Ryu walks away, foreshadowing a possible battle in the future. The movie ends with the old man standing, looking to the sky and addressing an old friend . He states that he was asked by Gouken to take care of a young child  who was left in his care when his mother  died giving birth to him and was told not to let him take the path that his father  had chosen, but one day, took his eyes off the child for an instant, and it was the biggest mistake he had ever made. He states that he is too old, and that his time has come. Fuka later buries him and prays in tears. Ryu takes one last look at her and leaves soon after, beginning his travels again."] ["The films begins on a passenger plane, where a young girl named Miki and her step-mother are taken hostage by a man and a cross-dressing woman. They call the father of Miki, but he has his own problems; another man is menacing him and when he tries to take the gun a fight breaks out and the father is shot. One of the Chai Lai members, Rose, enters the house and gets into a fight with another henchman. Miki get's upset that her father is shot via the mobile phone and she stabs the man who has taken her hostage in the hand with a pipe, which sets off a fight on the plane. The members of Chai Lai are fighting along with a young police man named Chen. Meanwhile, Rose  has gutted the henchman at the house with a machete and chases the man, who shot the father but crashes her car shortly after. When the man drives and misses her, she shoots the gasoline pouring out of the vehicle and it explodes. A crime boss named Dragon yells at his henchman at a meeting for failing their mission to which the cross-dressing woman is named King Kong, whom she blames Chai Lai for their failures. Miki's step-mother barges in on the meeting, revealing that she works for them. Chai Lai's boss tells the girls that it is alright that they failed their mission despite that the father is dead and the men escaped. The new plan is to protect Miki at school. They fail to keep Miki safe at her school on the first day and she gets kidnpped by the henchman. Chai Lai chase them but when member Hibiscus , after being freed from the van and saved by Rose, get's out a rocket launcher and fires but remembers that Miki is still inside. Luckily for Miki, the van swerves and the rocket hits the tuk-tuk that Spadix was driving instead with her and Lotus  narrowly escaping. The van escapes as the train goes by, stopping them. Later, Miki attacks the henchman but is quickly stopped and tied. Miki's Step-mother, Ms. Mei Ling, pretends to be beaten up by King Kong so that she can reveal the secret location of the Andaman Pearl but it backfires. The next day, the Chai Lai are getting a massage with Ms. Mei Ling and King Kong. Soon, a fight quickly breaks out with them wearing nothing but towels. Eventually, Ms. Mei Ling escapes and the henchman join in the fight. During the fight, Ms. Mei Ling gets into her car and menaces Chen in the car park until Hibiscus appears and tries to gun her but she quickly escapes. Soon into the fight, a woman in a suit shows up and fights, King Kong escapes and Rose is about to chase after until she is pursued by two henchman outside. King-Kong runs into Spadix, who tries to gun her but fails. After Lotus, Rose and Pouy-Sian  finsh they meet Spadix outside just as she throws King Kong and she escapes. King Kong hires the four-nation bounty hunters to finish the Chai Lai off, Rosen goes on a date with her boyfriend, Gud, who proposes to her. Dragon's henchman arrive with a beaten up Gud, the girls end up fighting their way into the swimming pool, and they escape through hatch that is in there. The exit is in a medieval castle, which is filled with weapons the girls stock up on, because King Kong is outside with the four-nation assassins. Kathleen, who is a goofy cross-eyed assassin girl, who becomes King Kong’s sidekick. The girls are captured in a cage except Hibischus, who arrives in a tank and attacks as the girls escape but unfortunately Gud is still captured. The Chai Lais have no clue how Dragon knew where their house was and also they decide not to love anyone again because of Gud, new orders are given to the girls from their boss by iPod. Dragon get the idea the Andaman Pearl is on an island called Thai Baht due to Miki and they travel there. The men find the Andaman Pearl and escape with it after being attacked by Lotus, Rose and Pouy-Sian. At a party to sell the Andaman Pearl, Miki’s father arrives as a surprise bidder. The Chai Lais, soon enter the arena, where a fight starts. Ms. Mei Ling shoots Gud in the back in cold blood with Rose upset and in her anger, she guns Ms. Mei Ling down and the SUV driver guy. Dragon is chases by Lotus, Spadix and Pouy-Sian as he has the pearl and Miki hostage, whom she escapes from. Dragon heads to the roof for a helicopter escape, with Lotus chasing after. Miki is pursued by King Kong and Kathleen in a park and the rest are with many henchman in another part of the park. The henchman are all dead, Dragon shot in the head twice by Lotus and Kathleen shoots King Kong many times. Chai Lai's boss reveals that Kathleen was a spy and he has some kind of relationship with her. Miki is made as a member of Chai Lai. Chai Lai  goes to battle; the members are dressed in white with machine guns fighting on the Afghan beaches near the Afghan jungles"] ['King Kung Fu tells the story of a good-humored, hat-loving Chinese talking gorilla originally named Jungle Jumper who has been taught karate. After beating up his Kung Fu Master owner Alfunku when the latter dared him to snatch a banana from his hand, he is shipped off to the U.S. as a "goodwill gift" by his battered and embarrassed teacher where he is renamed King Kung Fu for publicity purposes. On the way to the New York Zoo, the "Monster Master of the Martial Arts" is put on display in Wichita, Kansas where two out-of-work reporters set him free with plans to "capture" him and get jobs. Police Captain J.W. Duke  and his patriotic-helmeted little assistant Officer Pilgrim get involved in the city-wide chase along with the phony-looking ape\'s love interest Rae Fey , Rae Fey is the only one who understands that Fu just wants to see the sights like any other tourist. Her conniving TV journalist boyfriend Bo Burgess (not Beau Bridges as has been listed in some sources, a reference no doubt to the actor\'s brother Jeff who starred in the first remake of [[King Kong  and his hapless sidekick Herman, a pair of prudish protesters from "OLD HAGS" , and a host of others including cops, cowboys and baseball players partake in a wild chase in order to catch the ape. The gorilla and the girl end up on top of the tallest building in Wichita, a Holiday Inn and homage to the original King Kong film, where the hairy hero makes a final stand involving instances of stop motion animation.'] ["Television journalist Diana  manages to record footage of a cocaine deal gone wrong, between the Italian mob and a street gang known as the Demons. The footage shows mob boss Giancarlo ([[Richard Norton  killing the Demon's leader. Diana's partner is captured and she bumps into TV chef Jackie , who helps her escape from the gangsters. Diana later accidentally switches the videotape of the drug trade with one of Jackie's cooking videos from a box of tapes. The mob, knowing that the tape is still out there, tracks Diana down to her home to force her to give them the tape. Diana's tape ends up in the hands of Jackie's friend Richard, an officer for the city's police department, and his family. When Richard discovers the tape, he and his department launch their own investigation in the mob and gang case. The gangsters search for Jackie but are unable to capture him, so they destroy his home and kidnap his girlfriend Miki . Unauthorized to participate in the kidnapping case, Jackie is told not to interfere by the police and would be arrested if he did so, but does not listen. Jackie is later captured, taken to Giancarlo, and forced into an unfair fight whereby Jackie's arms and legs are restrained with ropes held by the henchmen. After taking a serious beating, Giancarlo orders his men to kill Jackie at a construction site outside his home. Jackie escapes and destroys Giancarlo's home by driving through it in a 120-ton mining vehicle from the nearby construction site. The authorities arrive, including Richard, but the police decided to state that they did not witness anything and that it was all just a gang battle, so Jackie goes free while the mobsters are arrested for possession of cocaine."] ['Chien Fu , an orphan adopted by a kung fu school, is overworked as their janitor and abused by the kung fu teachers as a walking punching-bag. Chien befriends an old beggar  by offering him a meal and a place to stay. Unknown to Chien, the old beggar is actually one of the last surviving masters of the Snake-style of kung fu. The old man is on the run from the Eagle Claw clan, which is viciously killing off all of the rival Snake-style kung fu masters. Seeing that Chien is being abused, the old man teaches Chien the footwork of snake style which enables one to avoid an opponent\'s attacks. The old man leaves the school to find a better hiding spot. After being abused once more, Chien later finds him and the old man agrees to give him more lessons, on the condition that he does not call him "sifu" , since they are friends. The real reason, however, is to keep Chien\'s connection with him secret from his pursuers. Chien practices the lessons and learns to avoid being hurt by the school\'s bumbling teachers. When the school is invaded by the Mantis school, to everyone\'s amazement Chien easily defeats their master using the snake style. Unfortunately, one of the passing wanderers who witnesses the fight is the high master of the Eagle Clan, who recognizes the style at once and decides to tail Chien. Chien meets the Eagle Claw clan master, who inquires about the old beggar. The Eagle Claw master lies, saying that he was a colleague of the old beggar and asks Chien to help him find the old man. As a show of \'proof\', he easily fends off Chien\'s attacks. Chien realises that his Snake-style fighting is no match for the style practiced by the stranger, and thus creates a new style from watching his pet cat kill a cobra. Eventually, Chien unwittingly leads the Eagle Claw master to the old man. In the duel, Chien merges his "cat style" with snake style to finally defeat the Eagle Claw master and his minions. Chien announces that he will call his technique "Cat\'s Claw", but the Old man suggest that he give the technique the name "Snake in the Eagle\'s Shadow".'] ["The Hon [Dagger] Brothers, Chung and Lam, who are in fact uncle and cousin, are rival bounty hunters to the Fung [Bewitchment] Sisters, and take glee in thwarting each other because Chung refused to marry Lady Fung. Fung Ling and Lam are also in love, but do not acknowledge it. Emperor Tsao hires the Hons to capture the Nine-Tails Fox, whom he claims has made a major robbery of his household, including the rape and murder of his daughter and the murder of 41 servants. The Hons are distracted when they find the Fungs captured by Never Die and his brothers, who in spite of decapitation and loss of a hand, proceed to chase them  chase the Hons to the lair of Nine-Tails Fox, who has recently caused his wife, the apsara known as Flying Cat to walk out on him. The group discovers that Never Die is allergic to glib talk, and begin speaking to each other glibly, Chung, too embarrassed to speak to Lady Fung in that way, speaking to Nine-Tails Fox, and the two pulling off each other shirts, and trap him. Never Die soon dissolves, and the four bounty hunters and Never Die's hand take him away. Flying Cat returns to find drawn images of what has gone on previously, including what she interprets as her husband's homosexual behavior, and chastises the old man who sends the drawings out through a slot for not intervening, which he says is not his place. Nine-Tails Fox, who proudly admits to being a thief but insists he never hurts anyone, escapes from the bounty hunters to the inn of Pang Tin-hong, where he becomes involved with numerous courtesans. The bounty hunters follow him, but not before Flying Cat catches up with him. Still other bounty hunters, including the burly Western Ace, a gay man who sings 1980s American pop tunes, and a transsexual who delivers poisoned kisses, arrive at the inn. Because the Hons and Fungs pay well and are supported by the police, Pang sides with them against the new bounty hunters, claiming that he and his wife are Leslie Cheung and Anita Mui. The transsexual kisses Chung, causing him to turn green and infect him with poison. After the other bounty hunters are defeated, Pang sends Lam and Ling outside, insisting that they are under eighteen, although both claim to be eighteen, in order to explain that the cure for the poison is to have sex nine times, then eat the strange fetus that will be born three days later. Chung tries to take Lady Fung to bed, but inadvertently passes the disease to Pang, whose wife and he fight a lot and never want it at the same time. While Ling and Lam are outside, Never Die's hand grabs Ling's shoulder, and she thinks it is Lam's and rests her head on his shoulder. Thus distracted, Tsao captures the two of them, and the thieves and the bounty hunters team up against their common enemy and rescue the young ones. At the end of the film, Pang's wife gives birth to the strange fetus, and the Hons, Fungs, Fox, and Cat seemingly forgetting about the idea that it is to be eaten and ready and excited to receive it as if a normal birth, are horrified to see that the baby is in fact Never Die."] ['Investigating the mysterious death of a colleague, LAPD cops Sean Thompson, who is now a detective, and "Billie" Blake begin to uncover a deadly ring of murder and corruption. Their search leads to a nightclub, where the rich and powerful are entertained by a stable of beautiful girls and protected by martial arts experts hired by a ruthless crime lord. When Thompson is called off the investigation by his commander, Billie goes undercover and infiltrates the ring on her own; soon, both are facing impossible odds in a climactic battle.'] ['Lau Kar Leung is the current teacher of a kung fu school in Hong Kong, however it is the 80’s and people are not interested in "old school" kung fu anymore. He receives a letter telling him to pick up the schools boss from the airport which much to his surprise is Kara Hui. Kara is the daughter of the schools master, thus making her the "de facto" boss. She is very much Americanized and begins making changes at the school and taking in students off the street, discos, and bars, which angers the traditionalist Lau Kar Leung. Eventually Kara gets in trouble with a local gang headed up by Wang Lung Wei, and after provoking a fight at bar owned by Wang, Lau Kar Leung is forced to rescue her and teach Wang Lung Wei and his thugs a slight lesson. This forces Wang to retaliate until a fight breaks out in a local gym in which Wang Lung Wei is defeated and Kara eventually returns to the U.S. after realizing Lau should be in charge of the school.'] ["Seoul Raiders sees the return of the agent Lam . This time round Lam must team up with JJ  a thief who like Lam is tracking a pair of plates used to make fake American dollars. When the plates are captured and make their way to Korea, Lam gets on a plane and with the aid of his female sidekicks he searches for the plates in Seoul, tracking a man who he believes to have stolen them. Lam, special agent of Japanese national security, enters into an intricate search for “The Avenger” a pair of flawless printing plates used for the making of counterfeit notes. During the hunt, he comes across JJ , who happens be a thief with a hidden agenda. When JJ thinks she has successfully walked away with the plates, she does not realize Lam has preempted her by swapping it with an empty case. Lam goes to the US Embassy with the plates to claim the $30 million reward offered by the US Government but is outwitted by a staffer there named Owen , who manages to drug him and flee to Korea with the plates. Lam immediately follows Owen to Korea and meets up with a bevy of pretty Korean assistants . When Owen is about to trade the plates with “Black Bear,” a top dog of the Korean underworld, Lam and his girls break in to thwart the deal, but Owen escapes with the plates in the nick of time. Meanwhile, Lam bumps into JJ in Korea, and the pair decide to work together to take back the plates and split the reward. While Owen is immersing himself in a hot spring, Lam sneaks in and snatches the plates. He then uses the plates to lure Owen into his trap, arresting him in the end. Only then does he realize that Owen is in fact a CIA undercover agent. While Lam and Owen reconcile and decide to cooperate to bring down “Black Bear,” JJ secretly retrieves the plates from Owen's hiding place but only ends up leading “Black Bear” to the plates and is kidnapped into the bargain. Lam and Owen has no alternative but to meet “Black Bear” in a deserted sports stadium to settle the deal once and for all."] ['A general’s son is taken hostage and used as leverage to free a bandit leader. The general’s other offspring, a girl named Golden Swallow, is sent to rescue the son. When the bandit gang encounter the Golden Swallow in a local inn, the prisoner negotiation escalates to bloodshed and the goons are swiftly defeated. A local drunk beggar named Fan Da-Pei acts as Golden Swallow’s guardian angel, secretly helping her avoid being ambushed at night. That morning Fan Da-Pei, whom we now know only as “Drunken Cat” tips off Golden Swallow to the bandits whereabouts. They have occupied a Buddhist monastery. Under the guise of an acolyte, Golden Swallow penetrates the temple and confronts the man who’s taken her brother hostage. During the brawl she is injured by a deadly, poisoned dart. She escapes and is rescued in the woods by Fan who nurses her back to health. While she’s convalescing, Golden Swallow learns that Fan is actually a martial arts master and a leader of a Kung Fu society, which he otherwise keeps a secret. The monastery is led by an evil abbot, Liao Kung, who is also a kung fu master and has allied himself with the bandits. He finds out that the beggar carries a bamboo staff, and then realises that the beggar is the former student of the same master. The abbot has in fact killed their master in order to get his bamboo staff, which was rescued by Fan Da-Pei. Now Liao Kung sees the opportunity to gain control of the staff. Fan Da-Pei is hesitant to confront Liao Kung for two reasons. First, Liao Kung’s kung fu skills are unparalleled, and he thinks he has no chances against him, or at the very least, one of them would not survive a confrontation. Second, despite his evil ways, Liao Kung has actually done a good deed to Fan Da-Pei: he persuaded the master to accept Fan Da-Pei into the Green Wand Kung-Fu school when he was a mere homeless orphan, thus giving him a chance in life. For this reason, Fan is reluctant to fight the abbot even though Fan knows about the abbot’s criminal deeds. In order to release the General’s son, Fan stages a prisoner exchange. During the exchange, the government soldiers receive the General’s son, but Fan prevents the bandits from releasing their leader. As the government soldiers march the bandit leader back to prison, the bandits attack the procession. Golden Swallow, leading her female warriors, fights off the bandits. The evil abbot forces a showdown with Fan Da-Pei.'] ['The film picks up almost directly after the end of The Karate Kid; John Kreese , furious over his star pupil Johnny Lawrence\'s  second place finish in the All Valley Karate Tournament, viciously berates and humiliates Johnny in the parking lot, also putting him in the headlock choking position. Despite pleads from Tommy, Bobby and the rest of Johnny\'s friends to let him go, Kreese refuses. Miyagi, who is leaving the venue with Daniel, rescues Johnny, passively immobilizes Kreese, then comically tweaks Kreese\'s nose instead of dealing him a fatal blow. As Johnny and his friends quit the Cobra Kai dojo en masse, Miyagi explains his actions to Daniel: "For person with no forgiveness in heart, living even worse punishment than death." Six months later, Daniel now lives in a guest room at Miyagi\'s house; his mother has moved to Fresno. Ali, who Daniel began dating during the previous film, has left him for a football player from UCLA. Miyagi receives a letter telling him his father is dying. He intends to return to Okinawa alone, but Daniel decides to accompany him. When Daniel asks Miyagi why he left Okinawa in the first place, Miyagi answers that he loved a woman named Yukie, who was arranged to be married to Sato, son of the richest man in town, and Miyagi\'s best friend. Sato and Miyagi studied karate together under Miyagi\'s father, in defiance of tradition. One day, Miyagi announced before the whole town that he wanted to marry Yukie. Sato was insulted and challenged Miyagi to a fight to the death. Rather than fight his best friend, Miyagi left Okinawa. When they arrive in Okinawa, Miyagi and Daniel are greeted by a young man, Chozen Toguchi , who is Sato\'s  nephew. Sato has neither forgiven nor forgotten his feud with Miyagi and once again demands to fight Miyagi. Again, Miyagi refuses, so Sato calls him a coward. Miyagi and Daniel are welcomed to Tome village by Yukie  and her niece Kumiko , to whom Daniel is immediately attracted. They learn that Sato is now a rich industrialist, whose supertrawlers have destroyed the local fish population, impoverishing the other villagers, who have turned to small farming to survive. Worse yet, the villagers all rent their property from Sato, who now actually owns the entire village. Yukie also reveals that because she truly loved Miyagi and carried a torch for him, she never married Sato. Despite Miyagi\'s father\'s dying wish for his son and student to make peace with each other, Sato still insists on fighting Miyagi, though, after his sensei\'s passing, he gives Miyagi three days to mourn. Daniel comforts Miyagi, admitting that when his own father died, Daniel thought he had not been a very good son, but eventually realized that by being at his father\'s side when he was dying and getting to say goodbye to him was the greatest thing he could have done for him. Miyagi shows Daniel that the secret to his family\'s karate lies in a handheld drum that beats itself when twisted back and forth. This "drum technique" as Miyagi calls it represents the block-and-defense that Daniel begins to practice diligently. Miyagi warns him that the powerful technique should only be used as a last resort. Later, Yukie and Miyagi perform the tea ceremony together, which, Kumiko explains to Daniel, is a sign that they are renewing their love. Daniel inadvertently reveals that the grocery business of Chozen and his cronies, Taro and Toshio, has been defrauding the villagers with rigged weights. The outraged farmers set upon Chozen and demand appropriate compensation. Because of this, Chozen accuses Daniel both of insulting his honor  and of being a coward like his sensei. He and Daniel have a series of confrontations, first in the village, then later in Naha City, and at a \'50s-themed dance. Meanwhile, Daniel and Kumiko begin to grow closer. She brings him to an old castle on the seacoast that Sato is allowing to deteriorate and be plundered. Both Daniel and Kumiko express incredulity at why Sato would allow a historical relic like the castle to suffer thus. The feud between Daniel and Chozen eventually comes to a head when Sato, at the conclusion of the three-day mourning period, shows up to fight Miyagi. Because Miyagi is not present, Chozen and his cronies destroy the Miaygi family dojo and much of the garden, then Chozen viciously attacks Daniel when he tries to intervene. When Miyagi arrives, Chozen, Taro, and Toshio attack him, but Miyagi defeats them easily, even as Chozen wields a spear. Realizing that he has put Daniel in grave danger, Miyagi makes plans to return home. Before they can leave Okinawa, however, Sato shows up with earth-mover machines and threatens to destroy and redevelop the village if Miyagi continues to refuse to fight. Miyagi reluctantly gives in, but only on the condition that no matter who wins, Sato must sign the titles to the villagers\' homes to them. Sato agrees to this condition. On the day the fight is to take place, Daniel and Kumiko, like Yukie and Miyagi, perform the ancient tea ceremony, ending with a kiss. Meanwhile, a typhoon strikes the village. The villagers take cover at a storm shelter, but Sato is still at his family\'s dojo. When the Sato family dojo is leveled by the storm, trapping Sato inside, Miyagi and Daniel rush to rescue him. Sato believes that Miyagi has decided to unfairly fight him while he is incapacitated, but Miyagi instead breaks a support beam that had pinned Sato down, freeing him. After the three return to safety, Daniel goes out again, this time to rescue a child trapped in the bell tower. Sato orders Chozen to go help Daniel, but Chozen refuses, not wanting to cooperate with Daniel in any capacity. Sato goes to assist Daniel, then, after the child is safe, disowns Chozen, who runs off into the storm. The next morning, the villagers set about rebuilding the village, and Sato arrives to help them. He hands over the titles to the villagers\' homes, and also humbly asks Miyagi for forgiveness. Though Miyagi insists that there is nothing to forgive, he accepts his old friend\'s apology. Daniel asks Sato if the village may hold their upcoming O-bon festival on the castle grounds. Sato agrees, and grants them this right in perpetuity. Sato has one condition, however: that Daniel join him and the other villagers in the celebration. At the O-bon festival, Kumiko is on stage performing a traditional dance when a now-deranged and vengeful Chozen interrupts, taking her hostage at knifepoint. Sato tells Chozen that he was wrong to hate Miyagi and implores Chozen to similarly let go of his hatred for Daniel. However, Chozen refuses, saying that doing so will not give back his \'honor\' and that he is now dead to Sato after what happened in the storm. Chozen then threatens to kill Kumiko if Daniel does not step up to fight him to the death. Daniel agrees, in spite of Miyagi\'s warning that this time is no tournament; if he loses, Chozen will indeed kill him. Daniel fights valiantly, but Chozen proves to be a much more formidable opponent than any other that he has faced before; he even deflects the crane kick Daniel used to win in the tournament. Just when Daniel is on the verge of defeat, Miyagi brings out his hand drum and beats it. The other villagers follow suit with their own drums, which allows Daniel to realize how he can win. As Chozen closes in for the kill, Daniel successfully utilizes the drum technique to deflect Chozen\'s attacks and land a series of devastating counter-attacks. Daniel, realizing for the first time in his life that his karate skills are potentially lethal, grabs the vanquished Chozen by his hair and cocks his hand back for the fatal blow, asking Chozen if he wishes to live or die. When Chozen responds with "die", Daniel responds the same way Miyagi did against Kreese; he fakes out Chozen before tweaking his nose and dropping him to the ground. Daniel embraces Kumiko, while Miyagi looks on proudly.'] ["Golden Swallow revolves around the further adventures of its title character. This time around, she is forced into violence when a figure from her mysterious past goes on a killing rampage while leaving evidence that holds her responsible. Golden Swallow also makes room for a love triangle involving a mad, but righteous, swordsman named Silver Roc and a gentle warrior named Golden Whip. The three team up to conquer the evil forces of the martial world, but their joint venture only lasts so long, due to the two men's egos. Ultimately, a duel to the death is planned between them, leaving Golden Swallow caught between two men, both of whom she admires."] ['Tony Leung Ka-fai plays a police officer who goes undercover in the pen, hoping to determine how the finger prints of a recently killed felon could belong to a con who had been executed three months before. While inside, he goes through the tortures of hell, after getting involved in matters that were better left alone. His fellow prisoners include Chan , Andy Lau Tak-wah , Wang , and Sammo Hung Kam-po . When Leung kills an especially corrupt guard and is sentenced to a firing squad, the film goes reveals that the convicts that are assumed to be executed are actually being used by the warden  as hitmen to assassinate untouchable criminals.'] ['The wandering swordsman Yu Hsieh Erh travels around seeking adventure and meets a group of bandits who are planning to rob a convoy escorting some valuables. Initially, he is tricked by them into participating in the robbery but then realises his folly and he returns to take his revenge on them.'] ['Chang Wei , a stuntman, is called to the secret island owned by the mysterious Fu Chi . Here he competes in a martial arts tournament to investigate the suspicious surroundings.'] ['Chon Wang is a Chinese imperial guard. After Princess Pei-Pei, for whom Wang has affection, is abducted and taken to the United States, the Emperor of China sends three of his guards to retrieve her. Wang is not among one of the three, but after he tells them that it was his fault the princess was kidnapped, he is merely sent in the hopes that the "foreign devils" would get rid of Wang. In Nevada, Roy O\'Bannon is an outlaw who, with his gang, hijacks the train Wang is on. When Wallace, a member of Roy\'s gang, kills Wang\'s uncle, Wang chases the outlaws down. However, the gang is well-armed and Wang\'s only choice is to unhinge the cars and get away on the engine. In the process, Wallace takes over the gang from Roy, and they leave him buried up to his chin in the desert sand. Meanwhile, Pei-Pei, who was tricked into believing she was freely escaping her arranged marriage in China, finds out she has been kidnapped by an agent of Lo Fong, who ran away from the Forbidden City and was viewed as a traitor by the Chinese. When Wang finds Roy buried in the sand, he demands to know the direction to Carson City. Roy tells him that the city is on the other side of a mountain. Wang puts two chop sticks in Roy\'s mouth for him to dig himself out. When Wang comes out the other side of the mountain, he gets involved with a Sioux tribe by saving a boy chased by the Crow tribe and ends up reluctantly marrying the tribe chief\'s daughter, Falling Leaves. Wang finds Roy in a tavern and, in anger, starts a fight with him that turns into a barroom brawl. The two of them get sent to prison, and after Falling Leaves helps them escape, they become friends. Roy trains Wang in the ways of the cowboy. When they get to Carson City, Roy discovers that both he and Wang, now identified as the "Shanghai Kid" are wanted by Lo Fong\'s ally Marshal Nathan Van Cleef, and the two of them narrowly escape. They go to a bordello , but after a drunken encounter by Wang, the Marshal eventually catches and arrests them. They find out that Lo Fong is behind the kidnapping of the princess. As they are about to be hanged, Wang manages to break himself free and after Falling Leaves shoots Roy loose, they escape the execution site. Wang, upset over Roy previously telling one of the prostitutes at the bordello he was not Wang\'s friend, rides off alone to find the princess. However, Roy follows him and the two reunite when Roy saves him from Fong. The next day, the two partners go to the ransom point, the Carson City Mission church. The three imperial guards arrive with the gold, and Lo Fong has the princess in hand. However, a simple exchange becomes complicated when Wang shows up and Roy points a gun towards Fong. Wang tells his fellow guards that he will not allow them to bring the princess back to China. As the Chinese and Lo Fong fight amongst themselves, Van Cleef arrives and engages Roy in a gunfight. After Roy is limited to one remaining bullet, Van Cleef simultaneously fires both of his guns but Roy shoots him in the heart. Wang fights the Imperial Guards whilst Lo Fong chases Pei-Pei through the rafters of the church. After Wang knocks all three Guards unconscious he fights Lo Fong to the bell tower. Wang ultimately kills Lo Fong by dismantling the bell causing it to hang Lo Fong. When they awaken, the Imperial Guards decide that they will let the princess stay. Wallace and his gang also come up to the church, and demand that Roy and Wang come out and fight. But when the two of them get outside the church to face Wallace, Natives from all around surround the gang. At a Chinese cultural celebration Roy thanks Falling Leaves for saving him and they engage in a passionate kiss. At the same time, Pei-Pei holds a smiling Wang\'s hand. Roy and Wang are shown as sheriffs and ride off to catch a new band of train robbers.'] ['A real estate con artist named Stan Minton  panics when he learns that he is going to prison for fraud. Stan\'s fear of jail-house rape leads him to hire the mysterious guru known as "The Master"  who helps transform him into a creative martial-arts expert. During his incarceration, Stan uses his new-found skills to intimidate his fellow prisoners and prevents the prisoners from hitting or raping each other. He gains the prisoners\' respect, and eventually becomes their leader, bringing peace and harmony to the prison yard. But the corrupt warden has a plan to profit by turning the prison into a war zone, forcing its closure, and selling off the property as valuable real estate. Stan helps him with the real estate aspects in exchange for early parole, however his peacemaking efforts threaten the warden\'s plan for a riot and he is persuaded to bring back violence. In a last minute attack of conscience he deliberately blows the parole hearing to rush back and prevent the deaths of his fellow inmates, only to discover that his message of peace has sunk in and the prisoners are dancing instead of fighting. The warden orders the guards to open fire on the dancing men and, when they refuse, grabs a gun and shoots wildly. He attempts to shoot Minton but he is stopped by Minton\'s wife and the Master, who have sneaked in. Three years later Minton leaves the prison, which is now run by one of the more sympathetic guards, to be met outside by his wife, his young daughter and the Master.'] ['After his father refuses to teach him kung fu and he is constantly being beaten around by rival school students, a young Wong Fei Hung  must train under Luk Ah Choy  to avenge the evils being done by the rival school.'] ["Thomas  and David  are cousins who run a fast food van in Barcelona. The food is delivered by Thomas, who rushes around the square on a skateboard. After fending off a biker gang they continue business as normal. They go and visit David's father who is in a mental institution and bump into Sylvia who is the daughter of David's father's girl friend. Thomas encourages David to try to ask her out on a date and chickens out of this making the excuse she would have said no anyway. Cut to the van serving food late at night where Thomas inadvertently bumps into Sylvia who is pretending to be a prostitute. But Sylvia  is actually a pickpocket and she robs a man in a bed room and runs away to their fast food van. Both Thomas and David are enamoured by her. But after allowing her to stay in their apartment that night, they wake to find Sylvia and their money gone. The next day, they bump into Moby , a bumbling private investigator who is also tracking Sylvia. They later discovered that Sylvia is the heir to a sizeable inheritance that a criminal gang is trying to steal from her. When she is kidnapped, Thomas, David, and Moby team up to save her, infiltrating the villains' castle and defeating them in a martial arts battle."] ['Jack Lung is Abbot White, a Wudang priest who makes a play to rule the martial world after suffering a humiliating defeat at the hands of a student of Shaolin . He recruits the "Yee Ho" ninja clan who begin abducting young women so that Abbot White can drain their life essence, which gives him iron skin. He also sets the ninjas against Shaolin and sends assassins after the Emperor in order to frame Shaolin. The Emperor orders the destruction of Shaolin Temple and the ninjas are sent to finish off all Shaolin pupils. But a few escape to begin training the next generation of fighters. Enter Wen Ding  and his brother Biao who begin training in the Shaolin Finger Jab technique after their master  receives the manual from a young woman. Abbot White has a spy amongst their ranks, but after Hungs daughter is kidnapped, she then places herself in Abbot Whites favor as a mole and tells Wen Ding about Abbot Whites single weak point. Ready for action, the pair take on the ninjas and eventually Abbot White.'] ['Linghu Chong, Yue Lingshan and members of the Mount Hua Sect are planning to retire from the jianghu . They learn that Dongfang Bubai has seized control of the Sun Moon Holy Cult and is secretly plotting with some wokou  to rebel against the imperial court and dominate China. Dongfang Bubai had castrated himself in order to master the skills in the Sunflower Manual, and his appearance has become more feminine, even though he is now a formidable pugilist. Linghu Chong meets Dongfang Bubai by chance , mistakes him for a beautiful young woman, and falls in love with "her". Linghu Chong is distracted by Dongfang Bubai\'s lover, Shishi, and Dongfang uses the opportunity to kill Linghu\'s fellows. Linghu Chong is knocked out and imprisoned in an underground dungeon later, where he meets Ren Woxing by coincidence and both of them escape from the prison together. Linghu Chong brings Yue Lingshan, Ren Yingying, Ren Woxing and Xiang Wentian with him to confront Dongfang Bubai later and Dongfang dies after falling off a cliff. Ren Woxing regains control of his sect and starts killing the traitors who defected to Dongfang Bubai. Before the film ends, Linghu Chong and Yue Lingshan leave secretly with Ren Yingying\'s help as they know Ren Woxing cannot tolerate them.'] ['Truck driver Jack Burton  and his friend Wang Chi  go to San Francisco International Airport to pick up Wang\'s fiancee Miao Yin . A Chinese street gang, the Lords of Death, kidnaps Miao Yin and takes her into Chinatown with the intention of selling her as a sex slave. Jack and Wang track them to the back alleys of Chinatown and get caught in a battle between two feuding ancient societies known as the "Chang Sing" and the "Wing Kong." The latter interrupts a funeral procession the Chang Sing are having for their recently assassinated leader and, during the ensuing street battle, powerful magicians in league with the Wing Kong, called "The Three Storms" , use their supernatural powers to slaughter the Chang Sing. Trying to escape, Jack runs over the Wing Kong\'s leader, the sorcerer Lo Pan , but Lo Pan is unharmed. Wang takes Jack to his restaurant, The Dragon of the Black Pool, where they meet up with lawyer Gracie  Law up Tomammo Noku , along with Wang\'s friend Eddie Lee  and magician Egg Shen , a local authority on Lo Pan who moonlights as a tour bus driver in Chinatown. They come up with a plan to infiltrate a brothel where they think Miao Yin is being held. Jack  investigates, but the Storms make off with Miao Yin. Miao Yin is taken to the Wing Kong Exchange, a front for Lo Pan\'s domain. Jack infiltrates the place, where he and Wang get caught in an elevator that fills with water. They escape, but are quickly subdued by Rain. Strapped into wheelchairs, they are taken to see Lo Pan . Wang tells Jack about the 2,000-year-old legend of Lo Pan; that he was cursed to roam the Earth in a ghost-like form until he can marry a special kind of girl with emerald green eyes. Lo Pan has found that girl in Miao Yin and intends to marry and then sacrifice her. When Jack\'s and Wang\'s friends try to infiltrate the Wing Kong Exchange they are captured and taken to holding cells filled with women. Jack and Wang are placed in a cell but manage to escape after getting the drop on Thunder. Wang and Eddie create a diversion so Jack can rescue the imprisoned women. As they escape, Lo Pan captures Gracie. On noting that she has green eyes as well he decides to marry both women, sacrificing Gracie and living out his life with Miao Yin. Wang and Jack go to see Egg Shen. With the help of the Chang Sing, they go into an underground cavern and reach Lo Pan\'s headquarters. Egg gives the group a potion that Jack says makes him feel "kind of invincible." At the wedding ceremony, a huge fight ensues . Wang is able to kill Rain in an elegant sword fight. Jack and Gracie try and catch Lo Pan. Wang joins them, and takes on Thunder, while Jack takes on Lo Pan, throwing a knife that embeds in his skull. Thunder, enraged and dishonored at his failure to protect his Master, starts to inflate to an enormous size, exploding and killing himself. Jack, Wang, Gracie, and Miao Yin are cornered by Lightning in a corridor, which he makes collapse. Egg rescues them with a rope, which Lightning tries to climb in order to follow. Egg throws down a statue that crushes him. They find Jack\'s truck and make their escape back to the Dragon of the Black Pool restaurant. Lo Pan having been defeated, Egg decides to go on vacation, saying China is in the heart. Jack hits the open road, with an unknown-to-him stowaway—one of the remaining monsters.'] ['The movie opens with a fish tale narrated by a low-class metalsmith in a tavern in Joseon-era south-western Korea. The scene then cuts to a street circus, in which an elegant masked swordmaster  fascinates his market-place audience. Undercover detective Ahn , and his protégé Namsoon  are tracking down suspected money-counterfeiter gang, when the masked swordmaster ends his show by killing a government official who carries the kingdom\'s currency metal cast. The swordmaster escapes when a cart crashes and disgorges a mountain of counterfeit coins, causing public commotion. The distraction is a success, but Namsoon chased and dueled with the escaping swordmaster/duelist, proving herself a master of martial arts specializing in a pair of long knives. She succeeded in cutting a quarter of his mask and glanced at his revealed eye before he escaped. She and her team are left with bodies of the counterfeit gang, seemingly massacred in an instant by an unknown duelist. It is then revealed that counterfeit coins are spreading wildly among the populace, causing hyperinflation that threatens the monarchy. The police forces are determined to find and arrest the counterfeiters, believed to include an insider in the government. From a secret connection, the detectives obtain a picture of the duelist, noted for his "Sad Eyes", which Namsoon recognizes from her previous encounter. Their suspicion points to Song, the powerful defense minister. This suspicion is confirmed when Namsoon spots the duelist entering Song\'s manor. Namsoon and Ahn failed to chase the duelist. However, as Namsoon is walking alone in the night, Sad Eyes appeared from the shadows, asking if she is following him "because you like me?" Namsoon attacks, entering a duel that starts to become affectionate. Eventually, he vanishes after making a small cut on her clothing, revealing her cleavage. The resolute Namsoon persuaded her team to infiltrate minister Song\'s palace. This plan is implemented, resulting with only Namsoon succeeding in her thinly-disguised appearance as a lady of pleasure. Coincidentally, she ends up having to serve the duelist in private, which she handles very tactlessly. Song called the duelist, interrupting Namsoon\'s session with him. Song turns out to be a superb swordsman, the only person who can outperform the duelist. Their conversation reveals that Song plans to overthrow the reigning young king and replace him with his future son-in-law, and that the duelist has been involved in this plan since childhood. Song reminds Sad Eyes that the duelist can kill him anytime he distrusts him, hinting that the duelist might be the planned royal successor. Song says that he always loved the duelist like a son. After assaulting Sad Eyes in public, Namsoon is dismissed from the case by her director, only to be secretly assigned to find the final evidence to prove Song\'s involvement. Overhearing Namsoon\'s objectives, the duelist gave the needed evidence in a secret meeting with her, thereby sacrificing his destiny. Namsoon realizes her feelings for Sad Eyes. The father-figure Ahn recognizes this, advising her to forgo her feelings since he is a criminal while she is with the police. The movie draws towards a climax as scores of armed police surround Song\'s manor and attack the duelist and Song, as well as the other corrupt officials. In their last conversation, the minister tried to speak the nameless duelist\'s true name, but the police separate them and detective Ahn kills the minister. After the battle, Namsoon anxiously searches for the duelist\'s fate, only to be told by Ahn that "he is dead". Devastated, she returns to the lanes where she had encountered the duelist, haunted by his images. While she is walking back, the duelist appears once more in front of her. Namsoon feels that finally she can express her feelings, and in a denouement the couple dances in a picturesque combat under the moonlight. They were fighting "like they were making love", but then "disappeared suddenly", as narrated by the metalsmith in the tavern from the first scene. The final scene shows Namsoon and Sad Eyes spotting each other from a distance in the marketplace.'] ['Last Hurrah for Chivalry is a story about two killers for hire. The two assassins are master swordsmen with no allegiance. They decide to help out a local merchant to seek out revenge against a kungfu master. The plot contains multiple twists of deception, and leaving characters wondering who to really trust. The story ultimately ends with a revelation as to who truly has honor. Most of the swordplay is very fast-paced.'] ['After being killed, Elektra Natchios  is revived by a blind martial arts master called Stick . She is brought to his training compound to learn Kimagure, an ancient martial arts discipline that provides its practitioners with precognition as well as the ability to resurrect the dead. Elektra is soon expelled because of her inability to let go of her rage. She leaves and uses her training to become a contract killer. Years Later, Elektra infiltrates a heavily-guarded area, kills the guards, and manages to slay her target DeMarco . Elektra\'s agent McCabe  receives an unusually large offer from an anonymous client wishing to hire Elektra\'s services. The only stipulation; she must spend a few days in a rented home on the island where the assassination is to be performed before the names of the targets are revealed. During the wait, Elektra is shown swimming in the ocean while remembering a memory of her childhood of her father putting her through swimming pool training. After a swim in the ocean, Elektra uses her abilities where she finds a girl Abby  who tried to swipe Elektra\'s necklace and Elektra sends her away. While meditating, Elektra meets and befriends Abby\'s father Mark Miller  who apologizes for what his daughter did. Abby later invites Elektra to dinner on Mark\'s behalf. Later that day, Elektra discovers that Abby, like Elektra herself, has obsessive compulsive disorder. Elektra develops a romantic interest in Mark, but soon learns he and Abby are the targets she has been hired to kill. Elektra spares them and leaves, but later returns in time to protect them from replacement assassins sent by The Hand, a crime syndicate of ninja mercenaries. Meanwhile, Roshi , master of The Hand, learns of the failed attempt and permits his son Kirigi  to lead a new team of assassins to kill Elektra and return with Abby, referred to as "The Treasure." Elektra tries to leave Abby and Mark with Stick, but he scolds her into protecting them herself. She then drives Mark and Abby to McCabe\'s country house for safety, but is followed by Kirigi, Typhoid , Stone , Kinkou , and Tattoo . Elektra senses Kirigi and the assassins presence as they arrive and flees with Mark and Abby through a secret underground exit to the orchard, while McCabe makes a stand to allow them time to escape. After killing McCabe, Kirigi and the assassins hunt down Elektra, Mark, and Abby in the forest nearby. Elektra battles Stone and tricks him into breaking down a large tree which crushes him. Abby and Mark defend themselves against Kinkou, killing him with one of his own daggers. Elektra witnesses Abby in action and is surprised to learn she possesses martial arts skills. As Elektra is distracted by the revelation, Typhoid gives her a poisonous kiss of death, completely incapacitating Elektra. Abby attempts to intervene, but is captured by Kirigi. Suddenly, Stick and his Chaste ninjas arrive and rescue Abby, Mark, and Elektra from Kirigi and his assassins. They return to Stick\'s training compound where he confirms Abby is a coveted martial arts prodigy whom the Hand seek to use for evil purposes. Elektra, now cured of Typhoid\'s poison, learns that Stick arranged the murder contract on Mark and Abby in order to test Elektra\'s propensity for compassion. In an effort to allow Abby to lead a normal life, Elektra astrally projects herself to a meeting with Kirigi and challenges him to a fight; the winner claiming Abby for their own purpose. Elektra returns to her childhood home to face Kirigi, and finally remembers he was her mother\'s killer. Elektra, battling with her sai daggers, is defeated by Kirigi, but as he prepares to kill her, Abby arrives and engages him long enough for Elektra to recuperate. Elektra and Abby then escape and hide in a hedge maze but are separated when Abby is captured by snakes dispatched by Tattoo. Elektra finds Tattoo and kills him by breaking his neck while he is in his animal-controlling trance. Elektra once again encounters Kirigi, and manages to kill him by anticipating his superhuman speed during an attack and stabbing him with her sai. Jealous of Abby\'s status as the Treasure, Typhoid poisons her, but is then killed by Elektra. Elektra carries Abby\'s body back inside the house and successfully revives her, completing her journey to becoming a Kimagure master. Elektra says her goodbyes to Mark and Abby. As she leaves the house, Elektra is greeted by Stick who remarks that second lives can often be better than the first.'] ["Kyle LeBlanc  is an American working overseas in Russia. When he hears his wife being attacked over the phone, Kyle rushes home to find that he is too late. The man who has killed his wife is found not guilty on lack of evidence, so Kyle takes the law into his own hands and kills the man to avenge his wife's death. For his crime he is sentenced to life in prison without parole. The Russian prison he is sent to is tough, and the warden amuses himself by putting on fights where he fills his pockets with money by betting on the fights. As Kyle begins to break and go crazy he is forced into these fights because the warden knows he is a sure thing. Kyle's new cellmate 451 , begins to make him think of what he is fighting for. With a renewed purpose, Kyle now knows he must fight another battle; the fight for inner peace, as it is the only way he can become the man he once was. Eventually, a prison riot enables 451 to give Kyle the evidence of all the murders that have happened in this prison for the past 20 something years that he had planned to expose to the US government. While the guards are getting the prisoners under control, 451 shows Kyle a secret passage to the prison garage for their next move. When two guards take Kyle to the garage, 451 launches an attack and kills one of them while Kyle holds the other at gunpoint and pins him down to the ground. After taking the key to free himself, Kyle takes one of the guards uniforms to disguise himself and drives off in one of their cars while 451 stays behind to assassinate the warden for his misdeeds. His fate is unknown, but Kyle is able to return to the US and expose the prison's actions. Three months later, the prison was closed down."] ['She’s got a killer secret! In one of the most outrageous and taboo-smashing Shaw Brothers classics, sweet young Ainu  is abducted and sold off to the popular Four Seasons brothel run by lusty madam , who falls for her nubile charge and entrusts her with a number of martial arts secrets like “Ghost Hands,” which allows a fighter to plunge into an opponent’s chest. Soon murder erupts within the brothel, and a policeman must race against time to prevent a vicious revenge plot from reaching its blood-spattered conclusion.'] ["There is an underground fight circuit behind the walls of Ogden State Prison. The secret is about to be blown wide open by Dirk's reporter girlfriend, when she is brutally attacked. Dirk vows revenge. Out for blood, he gets into Ogden under an assumed name. He will have to contend with his bare fists and raw power because in a place with no rules, all bets are off."] ['A short-tempered, violent criminal named the "White Tiger" is on the run from the police and joins a theater troupe to hide out, killing anyone who angers him or who suspects his identity. One person he unsuccessfully tries to kill several times is a cowardly laundry man named "Mousy" who manages to escape by fleeing. When a very close friend of Mousy\'s is killed by the White Tiger, Mousy overcomes his cowardliness enough to seek revenge. In a scene early on in the movie Mousy is washing the laundry with his bossy sister. After complaining about the repetitiveness of laundry work, his sister scolds him and demands he wash the clothes in the "family way." This leads to a scene with Yuen Biao\'s character flipping the clothes around with his hands and wringing them out with powerful squeezing from this index finger and middle finger. These abilities turn out to be related to kung-fu methods, as Mousy eventually uses the same laundry method to defeat "White Tiger."'] ['{{Plot}} A private plane belonging to the TDX company is shot down over Singapore by a rogue agent from the CIA, Kelvin Woo. The company president was coming to investigate a stolen computer protection system. Kelvin has a programmer, Alex, plant a bug in the 1st National Bank\'s computer system, but he still needs a "Caller Program" to wipe the systems before they can rob the bank. Colonel Ng, head of the Army\'s Information Warfare Unit, recruits Major Eric Ong from the Singapore Police to investigate the plane shooting independently from the US authorities. Eric is sent to Hong Kong to quietly observe. In Hong Kong, brothers Peter and Greg Li are computer programmers. Peter\'s girlfriend, Janet, and her brother Bobby live with them. Greg calls his girlfriend, Salina. She tells him that her office was raided by the CIA. Ronald Ng of the Hong Kong Police Force Government Security Unit raids Greg\'s home, with him are Kelvin and his accomplice, representing the CIA. Eric watches from the street. While searching, an ion pulse bomb is triggered, which disables all of the electronics in the house. The brothers are arrested and an American diplomat interrogates Greg while Ronald listens in. It turns out Greg is a CIA agent and asked for help from the embassy. Greg suspects the CIA has be compromised and that TDX may be implicated. Kelvin finds Greg\'s computer was wiped clean by the ion bomb. Peter is released, but Greg is to be deported back to the States. As the vehicles leave the embassy, Peter sees his brother and waves goodbye. Suddenly, a rocket hits one of the vehicles, flipping it on to Greg\'s vehicle. All of the officers are killed by sniper fire. Kelvin, in the car behind Greg\'s, sits quietly while everyone else panics. A devastated Peter follows Ronald as he chases the sniper, but find himself running ahead of the officers. The sniper fires at Peter until he runs out of bullets. Peter, knowing the sniper is out, attacks him. Kelvin arrives and is about to shoot Peter when PTU officers show up. Kelvin then pretends to help Peter while the sniper escapes. Kelvin offers his help and gives Peter his number. As Peter drives home with Janet, he notices a car following them. He confronts the driver, who turns out to be Eric. He reveals he is a Singaporean agent and asks Peter to help him investigate his brother\'s death. When Peter gets home, he finds the house has is swarming with police as part of the investigation. An officer breaks a large vase, spilling coins all over the floor. Salina arrives with her friend, a judge, who prevents further searching. When the coins are later cleaned up, a key to Greg\'s safe deposit box is found. Salina advices Peter to check the contents right away. She helps him forge his brother\'s identity, and they find it holds a metal briefcase. They take the briefcase, but are arrested by Ronald outside the bank. While being driven away the GSU vehicles are attacked by assailants trying to steal the briefcase. In the gun battle several are killed, including Ronald. Just before he dies, Ronald warns Peter about Salina. Peter is forced to kill an assailant, while the sniper from earlier is stopped by Eric, who had just arrived. In the car, Salina opens the briefcase and finds a safe deposit box key for the Singapore National Bank. Peter decides to go to Singapore with Salina, despite Eric\'s objections. Eric tells Colonel Ng he believes the GSU were attacked by Kelvin, while confirming Peter\'s innocence and his suspicions about Salina. Colonel Ng is upset about his involvement in the gun battle and demands he returns to Singapore. Peter\'s locks the key in the hotel room\'s safe. He obviously distrust Salina, while she becomes colder. They have a confrontation over dinner and Peter demands to know her identity. Salina tearfully reveals her car thief skills from being a hooker in a night club, where she met Greg. The following morning, Salina and the key are missing. The others rush to the bank, where they see Salina leaving the bank, accompanied by the man Peter recognises as the sniper who shot his brother. The two leave in a red vehicle, while the others rush out to get help from some nearby policemen. Frustrated, Peter steals the police car while Bobby stops the policeman, who calls for backup. Eric hears the radio message and rushes to the scene. Peter chases the car to the Boat Quay, where he rams it. Eric and three other officers intercepts the sniper\'s car and have a gun battle. As Peter reaches the scene, Salina fires at his feet to stop him. A speedboat is hijacked and all three, including Salina, escape up the Singapore River. Eric tells Peter and his friends that they need to go back to Hong Kong and Eric asks Peter not to reveal his identity. The contents of the safe are shown to Kelvin, but it only contains items of sentimental value to Salina. Disgusted, he reminds her that she belongs to him, she was the one who stole the Caller Program. He threatens to kill her, erasing all evidence. At the airport, Bobby finds a mysterious program implanted on his laptop. Alex successfully completes the Caller Program, and destroys the data for several organizations, including the Stock Exchange and National Bank, their intended target. Kelvin is upset that the second part will take a month to finish. He gets a call from an unsuspecting Peter, who tells him about the program in Bobby\'s laptop and asks for his assistance. They arrange to meet at a hotel, where the sniper is positioned on a nearby rooftop. A waiter offers them water and Peter is surprised to see it is Eric. With increased confidence, he demands information on Salina and his brother\'s killer. Kelvin asks that they move to a quieter area. While on the way out, he pokes gun in Peter\'s back, who finally realizes who his brother\'s killer really is. Eric pursues and they fight on the hotel roof. The sniper pins Eric down. As they fight for the laptop, Peter falls off the roof, but is saved by a window washing platform, while Kelvin escapes with the laptop. Bobby sees Kelvin leaving and tails him in a taxi. Kelvin and two agents arrive at Suntec City, where they meet Salina and four others. Bobby calls Peter to tell him where they are, but he loses the agents, only to be captured by them later. Peter and several officers arrive at the Convention Centre, but Eric receives a call from Colonel Ng, who surprises him by asking him to arrest all the American agents. He has confirmation that they are operating without approval. The agents find Alex at his computer where he reports he completed his task. Kelvin shoots him and is about to shoot Bobby when Salina points her gun at Kelvin. As the other agents react, one of them, who was sympathetic towards Salina, stops them. Salina and Bobby leave with the laptop. Eric\'s men cover the exits. Salina and Bobby stay among the exhibits, while rogue agents hunt for them. Bobby tells Peter their location and they rush in to help. Kelvin sees the officers and Peter converging on Bobby\'s hideout. Kelvin and the sniper sneak up on Bobby and Salina, who start to struggle, causing Bobby to be shot by Kelvin, sparking mayhem. Kelvin grabs the laptop and tries to escape. He takes some civilians hostage and forces them to run the software. He shoots a hostage and the police are forced to withdraw. In a fit of rage, Peter rushes Kelvin and is shot. He is able to aim his gun at Kelvin, but hesitates and Kelvin triggers the program\'s deletion process, which reveals a snapshot of Peter and Bobby, a hoax they planted instead of the program. Peter takes a shot at Kelvin, but the gun jams. The closing scenes show Peter with paramedics outside the Convention Centre. The sniper is seen quietly walking away from the crowd. Salina compliments Bobby for his bravery while on the way to the hospital.'] ["The film begins by showing a group of Cuban refugees on a boat sailing for the United States. They are at first met by what appears to be a U.S. Coast Guard boat, with armed personnel. The Guardsmen kill all the refugees and take several bags of cocaine hidden in the boat. It is revealed that the armed personnel were communist Latin American guerrillas dressed as U.S. Coast Guardsmen. The real Coast Guard eventually finds the boat full of the murdered Cubans off the coast of Florida. The FBI and the Miami Police Department arrive at the docks to investigate the murders. The communist guerrillas eventually land in Florida and exchange the drugs for weaponry from a drug dealer. They are led by Soviet operative Mikhail Rostov ([[Richard Lynch . Former CIA agent Matt Hunter  is asked to come out of retirement, but he first refuses; a failed assassination attempt by Rostov's team at his house in the Everglades convinces him otherwise. Later in the day, hundreds of additional guerrillas land on the beaches of southern Florida and move inland using several pre-positioned trucks. The guerrillas begin their assault by destroying suburban homes. Another group of guerrillas  attack a community center in South Miami. Meanwhile, the FBI has no idea who is behind the attacks. Hunter and the CIA believe that Rostov is behind the attacks. As terrorist acts continue in Miami, race riots and general chaos develop within the city. By now, the public believes that terrorists are behind the attacks. Next, the guerrillas attack a shopping mall where people are doing their Christmas shopping. During the attack, Hunter comes into the mall and engages the guerrillas. Hunter tracks down the whole group that attacked the mall. National Guard troops are called up, while martial law and a curfew are declared. Hunter continues to go after the terrorists, stopping their plans to bomb a church and a school bus with students out on a field trip. In the process, Hunter kills Rostov's right hand man Nikko . Alarmed by the threat, the government establishes a special theater command for the southeastern United States with the headquarters in Atlanta, Georgia. At the command center, all 50 state governors and military officials meet how to stop the terror attacks. The FBI arrest Hunter for the killing of the terrorists and is taken to the command center, where he goads Rostov on national television to come out and kill him. Rostov orders all the guerrillas to assault the center. However, the guerrillas find no one inside the center and the National Guard surrounds the area with tanks and troops, using the arrest of Hunter as a trap. As the battle rages outside, Hunter comes face-to-face with Rostov and finally kills him. The terror crisis ends when the guerrillas on the street surrender to the National Guard."] ['{{Inappropriate tone}} DEA agent Kevin White has followed the movements of a drug-dealing ex-KGB kingpin from Moscow to San Francisco. But when the Russian\'s next move takes him to Los Angeles, Kevin crosses paths with his older brother Jack, a maverick LAPD cop who wants in on the action - from both sides. Fighting their way through a deadly "Russian Circle" of top Soviet martial arts experts, Kevin discovers that his brother may be playing both ends against the middle in a dangerous game of Russian Roulette, where the ultimate price-tag may be both their lives.'] ["Sarah L. Caul is 24 years old, attractive, skilled in martial arts, and highly intelligent. When the audience first meets her, she has no idea who she is, where she is from, or how she came to be in a white room, in no discernible location. A familiar melody wakes Sarah from a deep sleep, and she finds herself teaching a history class in the school she attended at age 11. The ‘school’ is revealed to be a replica, and all of Sarah's books and files are completely blank and empty. Now thoroughly confused, Sarah's assistant principal, Sandrine , explains that Sarah is not a school teacher; rather, she is an assassin, and she has something on her body that Sandrine’s government desires. After a deadly shootout and a high speed chase on a cat-walk, Sarah is intercepted by another ‘handler’ like Sandrine, who tells her the same story, claiming to be from a different country and a different agency, but still desiring the same unknown element. Like Sandrine, once the handler had extracted all of the evidence he could from Sarah, he attempts to kill her. Not able to trust anyone, Sarah spends the duration of her time in the construct trying to stay alive long enough to uncover the truth, and find out why so many people want her dead. She endures a series of wire-fu fights and a car chase while conducting an intense investigation into her past. Sarah eventually finds herself back in the white room where she started, where, before she can be killed, two gunshots are heard and a slow, wobbly figure emerges from the shadows. The figure is revealed to be J. Edgar Hoover , who is very much alive and very happy to see that his granddaughter, Sarah, is doing just fine. Apparently, Hoover was aware that two government factions had ascertained that he was still alive, and he used his granddaughter as bait to flush out these two agencies, thus eliminating them and any proof of his continued existence. Having shared this, Hoover helps Sarah up and dusts her off, and the two walk off into the light."] ["During the late Ming Dynasty, the imperial court is plagued by corruption as eunuchs usurp state power and the reigning emperor is incompetent. The Jinyi Wei  are the government's secret police, trained in clandestine combat since childhood, they are in charge of conducting missions to ensure peace and stability within the empire. They have the authority to prosecute anyone deemed as an enemy of the state and they devote their lives and lethal prowess to serving the emperor only. When the organization was first founded, the Jinyi Wei took orders directly from the emperor, but now they are under the control of the eunuchs. The eunuch chief Jia Jingzhong is plotting with an exiled noble, Prince Qing, to rebel against the emperor and seize power. Jia Jingzhong orders Qinglong, the Jinyi Wei leader, to kill the Imperial Councilor Zhao Shenyan and take Zhao's safebox, which supposedly contains a list of names of traitors. However, Qinglong discovers later that he had been used, as the safebox contains the Imperial Seal, a symbol of the emperor's authority, and Jia Jingzhong wants to use it to legitimize Prince Qing's actions when the rebellion begins. Qinglong is betrayed by his fellow Jinyi Wei and becomes a fugitive when Jia Jingzhong denounces him as a traitor and issues an order for his arrest. Qinglong escapes and joins the Justice Escort Agency, where he strikes up a romantic relationship with Qiao Hua, the daughter of the agency's leader. Qinglong is determined to fulfill his loyalty to the emperor and continues to search for evidence of Prince Qing's plot while undermining Prince Qing's plans concurrently. He is joined by the Heaven Eagles Gang, a group of bandits led by the Judge of the Sands. Standing in Qinglong's way are Jia Jingzhong's lackeys and his former Jinyi Wei fellows, as well as Prince Qing's adoptive daughter Tuotuo, a highly-skilled female warrior."] ['The 9th Prince aka "Iron Fingers" wants the royal seal to become emperor. To get it he must kill the current emperor and his two new born sons elder brother Tao Hung and younger Wong Szu Tai, and their bodyguard Li Chin. Li Chin escapes with the boys and they end up separated, Tao Hung goes under the care of the "3 Holy Fools" at Shaolin temple and Szu Tai under the care of the Prime Minister  and are unaware of each others whereabouts or existence. Tao Hung is raised by the 3 Holy Fools who are forbidden to come out of their dwelling due to corruption in Shaolin Temple and learns the secret e-ching style, however he is naïve and knows nothing of his lineage though he carries the royal seal. He constantly gets into fights with a traitorous monk who secretly works for the 9th Prince but bests him in every scuffle. Wong Szu Tai however being raised by the Prime Minister and Li Chin is well aware of the existence of his brother , the evils of the 9th Prince, and getting revenge. Li Chin tells him the only way to beat the 9th Prince is to go to Shaolin and get the e-ching manual. The 9th Prince hears of the existence of Wong Szu Tai and visits the Prime Minister. He attempts to test if Wong knows kung fu but Wong holds back as he realizes he cannot beat the 9th Prince. After an arranged exorcism by Lam Fai Wong goes haywire and leaves Tao Hung to fend for himself , a passing Wong Szu Tai rescues and befriends Tao Hung. Tao Hung offers to escort him to Shaolin which angers Lam Fai Wong as they arrive. Szu Tai fights his way into Shaolin to get the e-ching manual but is defeated and held captive by the renegade monks. Lam Fai Wong goes to apprehend Tao Hung but he is defeated again by Tao Hung and the 3 Fools. Tao Hung goes to rescue Wong Szu Tai and finds out about the corrupt Shaolin monks and offers to help Szu Tai get the e-ching manual. They are almost successful but lose to the "18 Buddhas" until rescued by the 3 Holy Fools whose house arrest just expired. Tao Hung goes with Wong Szu Tai to kill a local prince but after meeting with him, Tao Hung realizes the prince is a good man. This cause a rift between him and Wong Szu Tai after Wong tries to kill the Prince and Tao is forced to use the e-ching style on Wong. An angered Wong departs until intercepted by "Fire Man" and "Water Man", however Tao Hung arrives, helps him defeat them and they make amends. They return to the Prime Ministers house but everyone is dead but the Prime Minister and Li Chin, Tao Hung kneels to help the Prime Minister and accidentally drops the royal seal which sparks the curiosity of Li Chin thus prompting him to say "we found him!". Tao Hung and Wong Szu Tai realize they are brothers and go to Shaolin to defeat an awaiting 9th Prince. After the Prince is killed, Wong Szu Tai returns to the throne and Tao Hung becomes and elder monk at Shaolin with the 3 Holy Fools.'] ['Zhao Zilong begins his career by enlisting in Liu Bei\'s army. He befriends a fellow soldier Luo Ping\'an, who is from the same hometown as him. Not long later, Zhao participates in a battle against Liu Bei\'s rival Cao Cao. He follows Zhuge Liang\'s plan and launches a sneak attack on the enemy camp at night, achieving his first victory. Liu Bei is overwhelmed by Cao Cao and is forced to retreat to Phoenix Heights but is separated from his family during the chaos. Luo is ordered to find and bring Liu\'s family back safely but fails. Zhang Fei is angered and thrusts his spear towards Luo, but Zhao blocks the attack and engages Zhang and Guan Yu in a fight. Zhao remains undefeated after dueling for several rounds and Liu Bei is impressed by his skill. Zhao offers to retrieve Liu\'s family, and Guan Yu and Zhang Fei cover him while he breaks through enemy lines to begin the search. Zhao rescues Liu Bei\'s infant son and holds off dozens of enemy soldiers alone despite being surrounded on all sides. He fights his way out and charges towards Cao Cao, who is observing the battle nearby. Cao is shocked and loses his sword to Zhao, but the latter spares his life and leaps to safety on a cliff. Cao Cao\'s granddaughter Cao Ying witnesses the attack. Zhao later returns to his hometown Changshan as a hero and falls in love with a girl putting on a shadow puppet show dedicated to him. Zhao continues to fight many battles on Liu Bei\'s side and earns himself the title of "Invincible General" as he has never lost before. When Liu Bei later becomes emperor of Shu, Zhao is named as one of the Five Tiger Generals, along with Guan Yu, Zhang Fei, Ma Chao and Huang Zhong. After Liu Bei\'s death, Zhuge Liang persuades the new ruler Liu Shan to launch military campaigns against Wei to restore the Han Dynasty. By then Zhao is already 71, and is the sole surviving one of the Five Tiger Generals. He insists on going to battle and is joined by Guan Xing and Zhang Bao and Luo Ping\'an. Zhao\'s army reaches a fork in the road and splits into two forces heading in different directions, one led by Zhao himself while Guan and Zhang command the other. Zhao later encounters the Wei general Han De and slays Han\'s four sons all by himself. However he is lured into a trap set by the Wei commander Cao Ying and has to retreat to Phoenix Heights. While he is surrounded on all sides and his forces has sustained heavy casualties, Zhao learns that his task is actually to distract the Wei army while Guan Xing and Zhang Bao proceed to capture enemy territory. After attempts by both the Shu and Wei sides to instigate each other into battle, Zhao engages Cao Ying in a duel and defeats her but lets her go. Cao Ying\'s forces later advance towards Phoenix Heights and Zhao allows his subordinates to lead all his men into battle. The Shu soldiers launch a fierce assault on the Wei army and are nearly all wiped out when Han De sacrifices himself to launch a kamikaze-style attack to blow up the enemy with gunpowder. Zhao and Luo Ping\'an watch the battle and aftermath from Phoenix Heights. At the end, Luo reveals that he betrayed Zhao, but the 2 men make peace with one another and Luo helps Zhao remove his armour and tearfully beats the battle drum as Zhao makes a long charge towards the enemy.'] ['Revenge of the Ninja opens with a massive ninja attack on the home of Cho Osaki  in Japan, resulting in the slaughter of his entire family except for his mother and his younger son, Kane . When Cho arrives at his estate and discovers the carnage, the ninjas attempt to kill him as well, but Cho, being a ninja himself, avenges his family. Afterwards, however, he swears off being a ninja forever and moves with his son and mother to California, where he opens a doll gallery with the help of his American business partner and friend, Braden, and his assistant Kathy. One night, Kane accidentally drops and breaks open one of the dolls, exposing a white dust  contained therein. As it turns out, Braden uses the doll gallery as a front for his drug-dealing business. He tries to strike a deal with Caifano, a Mafia boss, but Caifano and Braden cannot find common ground and eventually engage in a turf war. Braden, as a silver "demon"-masked ninja, assassinates Caifano\'s informers and relatives to make him cower down. The police are confused about the killings, and local police martial arts trainer and expert, Dave Hatcher, is assigned to find a consultant. Dave persuades Cho to see his boss and Cho attests that only a ninja could commit these crimes, but refuses to aid the police any further. In order to avoid payment for his \'merchandise\', Caifano sends three men to clear the gallery. Cho happens to walk into the gallery while the thugs are loading the goods in a van, is attacked and responds with hand-to-hand combat. The henchmen escape in the van with Cho in pursuit, but he fails to stop the thieves from getting away. Meanwhile, Braden stealthily arrives to Cho\'s art gallery to find that it was just looted. Cho\'s mother and Kane both encounter him; Braden kills Cho\'s mother, but Kane manages to elude him. Cho, badly mangled, returns to find his mother murdered and his son missing. In order to finish the last witness, Braden hypnotizes Kathy, who is in love with Cho, to find and bring in Kane. When she recovers her senses, she contacts Cho and informs him both of Braden\'s treachery and that he is a ninja. Seeing his only remaining son in mortal danger, Cho breaks his devotion to non-violence and makes his way to Caifano\'s headquarters to stop Braden. In the meantime, Braden finds out about Kathy\'s betrayal and prepares to have her executed. Kane manages to free himself and Kathy, and the two inform the police. Braden makes his final assault on Caifano and his organization, killing everyone he encounters. Eager to help his friend Cho, Dave also rushes to Caifano\'s headquarters but is ambushed by Braden, who mortally wounds him. Cho rushes to help his faithful friend, but the latter dies in his arms. The film ends with an epic battle to the death between Braden and Cho on top of Caifano\'s skyscraper. After a long struggle, Cho kills Braden and is reunited with his son and Kathy.'] ["Ah Lung is a pig farmer and a devoted Bruce Lee fan who is anxious to follow in Lee's footsteps, but only ridiculed for his attempts. He is sent to the city to earn a living working at his uncle's restaurant, but when he arrives, he finds a gang of thugs causing trouble in the restaurant. He takes the chance to prove himself and attacks the thugs, defeating them and saving the restaurant. Soon, he becomes a waiter, and discovers a plot by the same thugs to kidnap a woman he works with. Eventually, he defeats the thugs once again and saves the day."] [' Neo and Bane\'s bodies lie unconscious in the medical bay of the ship Mjolnir. Neo\'s digital self, meanwhile, finds itself trapped in a virtual subway station – a transition zone between the Matrix and the Machine City. In that subway station, he meets a "family" of programs, including a girl named Sati, whose father tells Neo the subway is controlled by the Trainman, an exiled program loyal to the Merovingian. When Neo tries to board a train with the family, the Trainman refuses and overpowers him. Seraph contacts Morpheus and Trinity on behalf of the Oracle, who informs them of Neo\'s confinement. Seraph, Morpheus and Trinity enter Club Hel, where they confront the Merovingian and force him to release Neo. Troubled by visions of the Machine City, Neo visits the Oracle, who reveals that Smith intends to destroy both the Matrix and the real world. She states that "everything that has a beginning has an end", and that the war will conclude. After Neo leaves, a large group of Smiths assimilates Sati, Seraph and the unresisting Oracle, gaining her powers of precognition. In the real world, the crew of the Nebuchadnezzar and the Mjolnir find and reactivate Niobe\'s ship, the Logos. They interrogate Bane, who claims to have no memory of the earlier massacre. As the captains plan their defense of Zion, Neo requests a ship to travel to the Machine City. Motivated by her encounter with the Oracle, Niobe offers him the Logos. Neo departs, accompanied by Trinity. Bane, who has stowed away on the Logos, takes Trinity hostage. Neo realizes that Bane has been assimilated by Smith. Bane cauterizes Neo\'s eyes with a power cable, blinding him; however, Neo discovers an ability to perceive the world as golden light. Neo kills Bane, and Trinity pilots them to the Machine City. Niobe and Morpheus set out for Zion with the Mjolnir to aid the human defenses against the Sentinels. In Zion, the fatally wounded Captain Mifune instructs Kid to open the gate for the Mjolnir. When it arrives, it discharges its EMP, disabling the Sentinels but also the remaining defenses. The humans are forced to retreat and wait for the next attack, which they believe will be their last stand. Neo and Trinity are attacked by machines, causing them to crash the Logos into the Machine City. The crash kills Trinity. Neo enters the Machine City and encounters the "Deus Ex Machina", the machine leader. Neo, warning that Smith plans to conquer both the Matrix and the real world, offers to stop Smith in exchange for peace with Zion. The machine leader agrees, and the Sentinels stop attacking Zion. The Machines provide a connection for Neo to enter the Matrix. Inside, Neo finds that Smith has assimilated all its inhabitants. The Smith with the Oracle\'s powers steps forth, claiming to have foreseen his victory. After a protracted battle, Neo baits Smith into assimilating him. The machine leader sends a burst of energy into Neo\'s body in the real world, causing all the Smiths in the Matrix to be destroyed. The Sentinels withdraw from Zion, Neo\'s body is carried away by the machines, and Morpheus and Niobe embrace. The Matrix reboots, and the Architect encounters the Oracle in a park. They agree that the peace will last "as long as it can", and that all humans will be offered the opportunity to leave the Matrix. The Oracle tells Sati that she thinks they will see Neo again. Seraph asks the Oracle if she knew this would happen, and she replies that she did not know, but she believed.'] ['Hong Kong police detective Charles Prince  arrives in Los Angeles to extradite a notorious Chinese gangster back to Hong Kong for trial. But soon, his suspect escapes. With the help of renegade cop Jim Jenson  and beautiful Pai Gow dealer Diana Tang , Prince tracks the ruthless gangster down. Soon, Prince, Jenson, and Tang get caught in the middle of an explosive Triad Gang War that leaves Chinatown drenched in blood and littered with bodies.'] ["{{plot|dateAlternate ending The Special Edition DVD release features an alternative ending which takes place shortly after Scott takes Deveraux's family and Roberts hostage. As Deveraux grabs a shotgun in the kitchen, the front door opens and he sees his mother before Scott shoots her to death. In the final fight between Deveraux and Scott, Deveraux does not use Scott's muscle enhancers. Shortly after grinding Scott to death, Deveraux is shot by his father before Dr. Christopher Gregor and his men appear. Gregor explains that he had Deveraux set up to get to him and Scott, and that Deveraux was living with people posing as his parents. He then has his men shoot down Deveraux, but before Deveraux dies, police and Roberts' news crew arrive. The news crew douse Deveraux with a fire extinguisher to stabilize him while Dr. Gregor and his men are arrested. Roberts is given the microphone to cover the arrest, but she loses all composure while on the air, dropping the microphone to comfort Deveraux. Several days later, Deveraux is reunited with his real parents. The film ends with a eulogy narrated by Roberts, who explains that Deveraux rejected all life-prolonging medications before dying a natural death."] ['Every ten years, the greatest swordsman from Japan faces the greatest swordsman from China in a duel to the death for their nation\'s honor. As a duel approaches, Chinese champion Ching Wan  and Japanese champion Hashimoto  uncover a plot to rig the fight. Ching Wan, known as "Lord of the Sword", is a peaceful and contemplative martial artist who has trained with Shaolin monks as well as a mischievous hermit. By contrast, Hashimoto is a pitiless and honorable samurai who kills his sensei as his final lesson before leaving for the duel. Meanwhile, ninjas led by a Japanese official collude with the Chinese wardens of the duel to kidnap famous fighters and sabotage the duel for Hashimoto. The honorable samurai, however, does not go along with the plan. Together, Ching Wan and Hashimoto fight the various conspirators and manage to free the captives. Afterwards, Ching Wan sees no point in going forward with the duel, but Hashimoto kills a Shaolin monk to force Ching Wan\'s hand. The two warriors engage in a gravity-defying swordfight around a rocky coastline. Both swordsmen become mortally wounded before they separate and quietly stare out into the ocean.'] ['The plot closely follows the events depicted in the original Japanese comic and its anime adaptation, with some minor modifications in certain instances. By the year 2001, all prison institutions have been privatized. Ricky Ho , a martial artist and former music student, is sentenced to 10 years in prison for manslaughter after killing a crime lord who was indirectly responsible for the death of his girlfriend Anne . Flashback scenes reveal that a group of thugs had captured her after she had witnessed their heroin deal. Anne was so scared in captivity that she ran upstairs and then leapt off the roof to her death. One morning in the prison bathroom, an elderly inmate named Omar is viciously beaten by the captain of the cells, Samuel. As Samuel leaves, Ricky trips him, and Samuel falls on a piece of wood with nails on it, hand and face first. As Samuel devises a plan to get back at Ricky, one of the inmates suggest that they should have Zorro, a dangerous, morbidly obese inmate, kill him. Omar is later informed by the guards that they turned down his probation after Samuel tells the guards that Omar was spreading rumors although this was untrue. Stricken by grief, Omar hangs himself. The next day, Zorro attacks Ricky, but is quickly killed along with Samuel. Shortly after, a member of the fearsome Gang of Four named Oscar, the leader of the North Cell, suggests that Ricky should see the sadistic one-eyed Assistant Warden Dan. After Ricky confronts Dan, he suggests Oscar to kill Ricky. Outside the prison yard, Oscar and Ricky engage in a fight, which ends with Ricky defeating and killing Oscar. Later on, Ricky soon discovers that the Gang of Four is growing illegal opium for profit. Rogan, leader of the West Cell, discovers that Ricky had set the poppy garden on fire and they both fight. As the fight goes on, Brandon, leader of the South Cell, throws his needles and ties Riki-Oh up with them, leaving him defenseless. Meanwhile, the guards report to Dan that the Warden is returning from his vacation in Hawaii, prompting Dan to raise the Zero Alarm. While the fight continues, Tarzan, leader of the East Cell, interferes, claiming that he wants to fight Ricky. As the Zero Alarm goes off, Ricky and the Gang of Four part ways for now. The next day, the Warden and his spoiled, overweight son return from their vacation. Dan informs the Warden about the incidents during his absence, including the poppy garden which infuriates the Warden. Dan escorts the Warden to Ricky\'s cell. As the Warden questions him, Tazan bursts through the wall and fights Ricky once again, which ends with Ricky brutally defeating Tarzan. The Warden then activates a ceiling trap to crush Ricky. As Ricky struggles to stay alive, Tarzan regains consciousness and saves him from being crushed by the ceiling, at the cost of Tarzan\'s life. Later, the Warden orders the inmates to bury Ricky alive, which they reluctantly obey. The Warden claims if Ricky survives by staying underground for a week, he will consider freeing him from prison. As the week quickly passes by, Ricky survives, but the Warden does not free him. Later that night, Ricky is chained in his cell. A fellow inmate, named Freddy, brings him food so Ricky can regain his power. However, another inmate sees this and informs Dan about it and in response, Dan kills Freddy. Dan, dragging Freddy\'s body with his hook, then opens Ricky\'s cell to show the body to him. However, Dan and the other inmate find that Ricky has broken free from the chains, and Ricky kills the inmate and knocks out Dan\'s remaining eye. As the guards rush to the scene, the inmates rebel and violently ambush Dan. In the kitchen, Ricky, the prisoners, and Dan burst through the wall and the Warden shoots Dan with a gas-pressured bullet, causing him to inflate and violently explode. Rogan and Brandon then confront Ricky one last time, which ends with Ricky gravely injuring Rogan. Brandon, realizing Ricky is far too powerful for him, flees from the scene, but not before the Warden shoots and kills Brandon. The Warden, revealing that he too, is a martial artist, transforms into a grotesque creature and battles Ricky. The fight quickly ends with Ricky throwing the mutated Warden into a meat grinder. In the finale, the prisoners rebel once again and start to attack the guards. Ricky then breaks the prison wall, allowing all the prisoners and himself to go free.  The film is notorious for its excessive use of graphic violence and gore, primarily due to the fact that the lead character is practically invincible, has superhuman strength and can virtually withstand all pain, which is partially explained by Ricky being a practitioner of a mystical kung-fu style known as Qigong. This leads to attempts by other characters to subdue him which end up being extremely gory and over-the-top. Aside from the aforementioned head crushing and meat grinding scenes, most notable100 Greatest Movie Fist Fights - UGO.com is a fight scene between Ricky and a knife-wielding prisoner named Oscar. During the fight, Oscar slashes Ricky\'s right arm, but Ricky uses his teeth and left hand to tie the tendons together. Oscar then charges at Ricky, but Ricky slaps him in the back of the head, popping one of his eyes out, leaving it to be eaten by crows. Seeing himself at a disadvantage, Oscar attempts suicide by disembowelment. However, when Ricky approaches Oscar to try and stop the suicide, Oscar grabs his own intestines and wraps them around Ricky\'s neck in an attempt to strangle him, prompting the assistant warden to exclaim: "You\'ve got a lot of guts, Oscar!". In another fight scene, Ricky lands an uppercut on the giant prisoner, Tarzan, with such force that his jaw is torn off his head. Another scene includes the warden\'s graphic death which depicts Ricky throwing him into a meat grinder. Ricky shoves the warden\'s body inside, only leaving his head. In that scene, so much fake blood was used that Fan Siu-wong could not get the blood off his skin for three days. The film\'s low budget shows in the scene where Ricky\'s girlfriend Ying jumps to her death. For this scene, an obvious mannequin wearing her clothes is thrown off the top of the building. A dummy is used every time there is a close up.'] ['Master Wang is actually the 11th prince of Manchuria in disguise. Posing as a sophisticated jewellery dealer and connoisseur of fine art and wine, the prince is trying to determine which of the other 14 heirs to the throne is trying to assassinate him. A jewel thief, Dirty Ho  runs afoul of the prince, who uses Wong Yue to help him flush out his enemies. Wang is a martial arts expert, but in order to conceal his identity he systematically hides his skills, even as he deploys them. In the opening sequence of the film proper  Wang encounters a jewel thief named Dirty Ho at a brothel. They come into conflict by vying with one another for the attentions of the courtesans. Dirty Ho, who is not too bright, can\'t figure out why his efforts to fight with the seemingly cowardly, effete Wang inevitably result in clumsy disaster. It is Wang, of course, who skillfully deflects Ho into tripping over chairs and so forth. In a later confrontation with Ho, Wang pretends that a female musician is his "bodyguard", invisibly manipulating the bewildered woman\'s arms, legs and musical instrument in order to make her fight with Ho and eventually to graze him in the forehead with a poisoned blade. It is, however, all part of Wang\'s scheme: he is secretly protecting Ho from the police, and is training the bumbling Ho as his disciple and bodyguard. Ho eventually seeks out Wang in order to discover the antidote for the poison, which Wang administers to him in return for Ho\'s becoming his disciple. Ho is initially puzzled at this since he has not detected any kung fu prowess in his master at all, and he remains initially a clueless bystander during two attempts on Wang\'s life: first, an attack at a wine-tasting, and then a visit to an antique-dealer\'s shop. Wang manages to defend himself admirably while maintaining the fiction that he is simply having a friendly aesthetic conversation with his opponents. Only at the end of the antique-shop attack does Ho figure out what\'s going on and intervene, but Wang receives a wound in the leg through a stratagem of the antiques dealer. The master and his disciple sequester themselves in their residence &ndash; Wang for recovery, Ho for some kung fu lessons. But it is nearly time for the princes to assemble for the announcement of the heir to the throne, and so Wang and Ho undertake the dangerous journey to Peking with Wang in disguise, being pushed in a wheelchair by Ho. Defeating an army of assassins in a ruined city, they manage to extract from the assassins\' leader the identity of the Prince  who is targeting Wang. The heroes then encounter their most formidable enemy, General Liang plus two other bad guys, and a climactic fight sequence follows. They manage to defeat their enemies just in time for the prince to enter the throne room in time for the Emperor\'s appearance. Ho, outside the door, passes his master his necklace of beads on the pole they\'ve used during the fight; the Prince takes them and deftly uses the pole to send Ho flying outside the room. The film ends with a freeze-frame on Dirty Ho in mid-air.'] ["In the year 2009, Joe Jinno, a Navy SEAL who is court-martialed for disobeying orders, is sent to Tokyo to assist Det. Aguri Katsuragi stop the distribution of the illegal drug known as Blood Heat. After an attempt to stop the drug lord Rai Kenjin fails, Katsuragi ends up in Kenjin's arena of death, the Muscle Dome, and loses against Kenjin's #1 fighter, Lee. Joe wants to seek revenge and needs the help of Katsuragi's sister Akane and Ken, a young underground rebel whose father was one a victim of Kenjin and the Muscle Dome, to exact revenge for Aguri and stop the circulation of Blood Heat.http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0340227/plotsummary"] [' Fan Ke  and Wenlie  are back, and this time they\'re up against a powerful Japanese crime syndicate . Not only that, but Killer , the head villain from "Duel of Fists," has escaped prison and wants retribution. Killer\'s revenge plot leads to Wenlie\'s girlfriend\'s kidnapping, and forces the two heroes to travel to Japan to set things straight and kick some ass.  In Thailand, an architect and his brother capture a gangster wanted by the authorities, a ruthless man named Killer. However he escapes from prison and seeks revenge by killing the brother\'s family and holding his girlfriend hostage in Japan. Although they catch up with him, they are blackmailed in that if they don\'t let Killer free, the girlfriend will be killed. Soon after arriving in Japan they are helped by a rival veteran crime boss who wants to oust Killer the gangster for good and dominate his operations. It leads to a climax scene where Killer\'s gang are invaded on a construction site, complete with diggers and machinery used in the battle.'] ["Strong-armed into transporting the kidnapped daughter of the head of the Environmental Agency for the Ukraine from Marseilles to Odessa, skilled wheelman Frank Martin  enlists the aid of Inspector Tarconi  in accomplishing the treacherous assignment in this action-packed installment of the popular action series produced by Luc Besson . Frank isn't exactly thrilled with his latest assignment, but when his employer turns up the pressure, he has little choice but to deliver. His cargo is a feisty young girl named Valentina —who just happens to be the daughter of Leonid Vasilev , the powerful top dog of the Ukraine EPA. Now, as Frank makes his way through Stuttgart and Budapest on the road to the Black Sea, Vasilev's men besiege his car from all sides, and his cynical young passenger gets a bad case of Stockholm Syndrome. As the driver and his cargo grow increasingly close, they both realize that making even a single mistake could cost them dearly..."] ['The sequel continues with some runaway pirates making a vow that they must kill Dragon Ma  to take revenge for their late captain . On recommendation of the Chief of Marine Force , Dragon Ma is transferred to be in charge of the district of Sai Wan after the Superintendent, Chun, is thought to be staging his arrests. Chun, however, has excellent record and the "criminals" he has been engaging are shot and killed, so there is no evidence against him. Dragon Ma and his subordinates later meet Yesan  and her cousin, Carina , at a teahouse selling flowers to raise funds. He later learns that Carina is actually a member of the Chinese revolutionaries headed by Dr Sun Yat-sen. Dragon identifies himself as the new superintendent of Sai Wai Police Station, after realizing that all of his policemen except one has been taking bribes. Ho, the only upright policeman around, tells them that a gangster named Tiger Ow with gambling dens and other illegal businesses is the kingpin of the town. Dragon moves to confront Ow, but the police of his district are cowardly and unwilling to risk their lives to bring in the gangster. Dragon is forced to confront Tiger with only his three friends he brought with him from the Marine Police and Ho, the one straight cop in the district. After a big fight where the policemen are badly outnumbered, the Marine Police show up with guns, and force the gangsters to surrender. After one last fight with Ow, all the gangsters are sent to prison, inspiring the police at the station to do a better job. Dragon is then put in charge of the Governor\'s security for a birthday ball he is throwing for his adopted daughter . Chun corroborates with a group of revolutionaries  to implicate Dragon in a theft of the Governor\'s diamond pendant. Dragon is arrested. After the ball Carina is kidnapped by agents of the Empress Dowager, who are working with Chun. The Imperal Agents kidnap Carina and trap her in a wardrobe at Yesan\'s house. Yesan arrives with Li. Then Ma and Ho arrive, hiding there handcuffs with Ma\'s jacket, causing Yesan to think one of them is bisexual, since it appears like they are holding hands. Li hides, but ends up threatened by one of the imperial agents. Ma and Ho go to the bathroom together. While they are in the bathroom, the commisioner arrives with flowers. As he is filling up the vase, he realizes that the faucet is broken. He gets sprayed on and gets wet. Yesan hangs up his uniform, when Ma and Ho sees the keys to the handcuffs. They break free and hide under the bed, losing the key to the handcuffs. They see the Imperial Agents with Carina in the wardrobe. Then Yesan and the comissioner sit down to talk. The Comissioner demonstrates how to handcuff to people by handcuffing himself to the armchair. Then he can\'t break free. Then another person rings the doorbell. It is Chun visiting Yesan. The commisioner claims he can\'t be seen in this shirt. So he hides under the bed along with the chair, resulting him to see Ma and Ho. Yesan finally gets Chun to get out of her house, when Ma, Ho, Tung and Yesan defeat the Imperial agents. Eventually the Imperial Agents are arrested, the revolutionary chief escapes, and Dragon is handcuffed by Chun so that he can be brought to the main prison. Carina flees town with the help of the revolutionaries. We see Chun has arranged for Dragon to be killed by a prison warden. The pirates who swore vengeance turn up and attack both Dragon and Chun by axes around the town, but are eventually driven off after the police show up. Dragon is then handed over to the prison warden, who tied up in a sack and throws Dragon into the sea. The revolutionaries save Dragon, and take him back to their hideout above a medicine store. They try to enlist Dragon to join their cause, but he refuses to actively help them, saying that he is just a Hong Kong cop and all he can do is enforce the law and safeguard ordinary citizen\'s security. The head of the pirates falls sick and the pirates enter the medicine store to ask for some herbs. Dragon intervenes and offers to pay for their medicine, causing the pirates to think much better of him. The Imperial agents show up, and proceed to apprehend most of the revolutionaries, to gain possession of the black book. Dragon helps Yessan and Miss Pak run off while safeguarding the book from the agents. After a frantic run and fight scene, he beats up all of them with the help of the ax-wielding pirates. The Police Commissioner arrives with a huge police cohort and orders the arrest of Superintendent Chun, now fully aware Chun is trying to murder Dragon. Chun tries to run. A large bamboo-and-wood stage facade falls on Chun while he is attempting to get back his moneybag. Dragon, on order of the Commissioner, takes charge of the police and the area.'] ["NATO operative Jacques Kristoff  is summoned into action—on his birthday, no less—to track down Galina Konstantin , who has stolen an extremely valuable and dangerous top-secret cargo. Finding Galina doesn't take long, and Jacques must wrap up the mission by returning Galina and the contraband to his superiors by train. Jacques's physician wife Madeline  isn't happy about this turn of events, no doubt having invested a small fortune in a Berlitz correspondence course and a year of acting lessons for Jacques's birthday. But she sees him off at the train station with the couple's teenaged daughter Bailey Kristoff  and son Ethan Kristoff . It seems Galina's ill-gotten gain is three vials of SP-43, an ultra-virulent strain of smallpox, cultured in fluorescent green serum. It also seems that a group of terrorists, led by Mason Cole , intend to hijack the train and steal the virus for their own ends. But standing in their way is Jacques. The virus ends up getting loose in the train's ventilation system. Unfortunately, Jacques's family picked this special moment to surprise him for his birthday by tagging along for the ride. Jacques becomes a one-man army as he fights to protect his family and the other passengers, and stop Cole and his followers."] [' A gang is attempting to steal computers from an 18 wheeler. One of the gang members remotely hacks a set of traffic lights, turning them to red, while other members of the gang rig chains to the back of the truck. They turn the light green again, and as the truck pulls away, the chains tear the door open. When the trucker goes to the rear of his truck to investigate, he is knocked unconscious by a gang member, who then whistles for his cohorts to steal the load. Meanwhile, New York police officers Billy Wong  and Michael Alexander  are patrolling the neighborhood. On the radio, a dispatcher says that a truck was stripped by their premises, so the cops check it out. As the trucker comes to, he sees that his cargo has been stolen. Michael radios in the crime, while Billy passes the driver his hat, saying, "Welcome to New York". Later, the two cops are in a bar. Billy goes to the bathroom while Michael orders another round. Outside, a gang plan to rob the bar, unaware of the cops inside. They charge in busting the door and start roughing up the customers and gathering them by the till. Billy, still in the bathroom, has heard the commotion. The gang forces the customers to stand by the register, while one member tries to open the locked bathroom. Gun drawn, he breaks down the door, but Billy has overhead everything and shoots the gangster four times before he can make the shot. Michael pulls out his own gun, killing another gangster, but is then shot by the two remaining gang members. Billy leaps and fires, killing one gangster, sending him flying through the bar window. The fourth gangster escapes. Billy approaches Michael, who asks, with his dying words, that Billy find the last gangster. Billy chases the last gang member to the marina across town. The gangster commandeers a yacht, so Billy gets the keys to the fastest speedboat from the boat boy. The captain orders Billy to let the harbor police catch the thief, but Billy refuses and speeds off. He calls an air unit who arrive on the scene and hoist him a line. Billy grabs onto the line, and lets his speedboat run into the henchman\'s boat, destroying both. After attending a ceremonial funeral held for Michael, Billy gets back to crowd control. He goes to a party undercover with his new partner, Danny Garoni , where they see Benny Garrucci ([[Bill Wallace , one of the bodyguards to Martin Shapiro . A kidnapping has taken place, and nobody knows why. They later learn that crime boss Harold Ko  may have smuggled Shapiro\'s daughter, Laura , to Hong Kong for ransom. The men get a lead – Garrucci has made calls to a massage parlor. While investigating, they get massages, but Billy sees a reflection of his masseuse pulling out a knife so he jumps, kicking her in the face and throws a lamp at the other masseurs. Billy and Garoni fight off the remaining clientele, before getting questioned by the leader of the massage parlour. They go to Lee Hing , to cash in a coin. A man named Stan Jones  gets on the boat, asking for supplies. Stan warns Billy and Garoni they are being followed and Billy goes to get information from the leader. The leader throws a knife at him and escapes onto another boat. Billy and Garoni head back to their hotel, finding cash in a suitcase on the bed. They are attacked by two men, but manage to kill them. They make their exit and are taken to the police station in Hong Kong. In Hong Kong, Ko has set up an interview to acquire a new horse at a racetrack. Billy and Garoni see Garrucci there. They throw the money in the air and walk off. Garoni follows Garrucci to a drug laboratory, while Billy sees Hing\'s tortured and murdered body on his sunken boat. They go to a Buddhist priest who tells them what they are looking for. Billy, Garoni and Stan go to the drug lab, and destroy it, saving Laura Shapiro in the process. Garoni is shot by Garrucci, and is held hostage unless Billy returns Laura to Ko. They meet at the shipyard and Laura is held hostage along with Garoni. Billy fights with Garrucci and Ko\'s guards and is eventually about to kill Ko, but Garrucci comes after Billy with a cut-off saw. In the ensuing fight, Garrucci is electrocuted by trying to slice open Billy\'s head, but missing and hitting an electric panel that he smashed Billy\'s head on. Ko escapes in a helicopter, and Billy follows after him, but a guard blocks his way. Billy and the guard fight on a cargo lifter half-loaded with boxes, with Billy dodging them. Garoni goes outside with the gang and kills a sniper with a 6-shot 20mm cannon. Billy is shot at, but eventually makes it to the top of a crane and Ko\'s helicopter gets crushed. With Ko dead and Laura Shapiro saved, Billy and Danny are given a departmental medal of honor.  The Chinese version has a subplot featuring Sally Yeh, with a few additional action sequences. A large number of scenes were cut to improve the pace of the action and to completely remove instances of nudity. Fully dressed lab women were added for the sake of continuity. A lot of swearing and American slang has been totally replaced by more universal dialogue. Bill Wallace also has an extra scene, in which he gets to show off his talent near the ice warehouse. The final fight scene is re-edited to make it more of a Hong Kong style. Overall, the script has been cleaned up and the subplot involving the coin is resolved.'] ['Wounded by a gunshot from Russian assassin Kirill (in the previous film, [[The Bourne Supremacy , Jason Bourne evades the police in Moscow and goes into hiding. Six weeks later, Bourne goes to Paris, France to inform Martin Kreutz of the death of his sister Marie, who had been Bourne\'s girlfriend. The Guardian correspondent Simon Ross meets with someone to discuss Bourne and Operation Treadstone. The CIA begin tracking Ross after he mentions "Operation Blackbriar" over a cell phone call. Bourne learns of Ross\' investigation of Treadstone and they secretly meet at Waterloo Station. Bourne realizes that the CIA is tracking Ross and helps him evade capture, but Ross deviates from Bourne\'s instructions and is killed by Blackbriar assassin Paz, on orders from Blackbriar\'s director Noah Vosen. Pamela Landy, who six weeks earlier had unsuccessfully hunted Bourne, is brought in to help Vosen. They search Ross\' notes and find that Ross\' source was Neal Daniels, the CIA\'s station chief in Madrid, Spain, who was formerly involved in Treadstone and is actively involved in Blackbriar. Bourne also makes his way to Daniels\' Madrid office, but finds it empty. After Bourne incapacitates a CIA team sent by Vosen and Landy, Nicky Parsons, a former Treadstone support technician now posted in Madrid, arrives. She decides to help Bourne and tells him that Daniels has fled to Tangier, Morocco. Upon arriving in Tangier, Parsons tries to track Daniels\' location but is unable to, finding that Blackbriar "asset" Desh Bouksani has been tasked with killing Daniels. Vosen learns that Parsons logged in to access information about Daniels and sends Desh after Parsons and Bourne, a decision Landy disagrees with. Bourne follows Desh to Daniels, but fails to prevent Daniels\' death by a planted bomb. Bourne manages to kill Desh before he can kill Parsons, and subsequently sends Parsons into hiding. Bourne examines the contents of Daniels\' charred briefcase and finds the address of the deep cover CIA bureau in New York City where Vosen directs Blackbriar. Bourne travels to New York City. Landy receives a phone call from Bourne , which is revealed to be tapped by Vosen. Landy thanks Bourne for the tape he sent her which revealed the corrupt dealings of former Treadstone director Ward Abbott; she also tells him that his real name is David Webb and his birthdate is "4-15-71". Bourne tells Landy to "get some rest" because she "looks tired", which she and Vosen both understand to mean that Bourne is watching her. Vosen intercepts a text to Landy from Bourne of a location to meet up and leaves his office with a team to follow Landy and capture Bourne. Bourne breaks into Vosen\'s office and steals classified Blackbriar documents. Vosen sends Paz after Bourne, the two finally encountering each other in a car chase which ends with Paz forcing Bourne\'s car into crash into a concrete divider. Bourne gets out and holds Paz at gunpoint before sparing his life and continuing on to 415 East 71st Street, memories of which were triggered by the false birthday he was given by Landy. Vosen also figures out Landy\'s code and warns Dr. Albert Hirsch, who ran Treadstone\'s behavior modification program, that Bourne is coming. Landy meets Bourne at the building, where Bourne gives her the Blackbriar files before going inside. Landy starts faxing the files to an unknown receiver, but is found by Vosen as the last page is sent. Bourne encounters Hirsch in an upper level and, with Hirsch\'s help, remembers that he volunteered for Treadstone. He then states that he is no longer Jason Bourne and flees to the roof from Vosen\'s pursuing CIA team. Bourne is confronted on the roof by Paz, who asks Bourne why he did not kill him. Bourne asks Paz if he even knows why he is supposed to kill him and repeats the dying words of a Treadstone assassin Bourne killed years earlier (in [[The Bourne Identity : "Look at us. Look at what they make you give." Paz lowers his gun as Bourne runs to jump off the roof, but Vosen appears and shoots at Bourne as he leaps into the East River below. Some time later, Parsons watches a television news broadcast about the exposure of Operation Blackbriar, the arrests of Hirsch and Vosen, a criminal investigation of CIA director Ezra Kramer, and David Webb, a.k.a. Jason Bourne, who was reportedly shot and fell into the East River. Upon hearing that his body has not been found after a three-day search, Parsons smiles. Bourne is shown swimming away under water after his fall.'] ["After assaulting his tactical commander during a raid gone sour, dedicated but temperamental cop Sergeant Bill Chu is demoted to the Emergency Unit, long considered to be the police force's dumping ground for problem cops."] ['Jet fuel is stolen by weapons smugglers. The fuel is reacquired by the Hong Kong police but then once again stolen by a yakuza boss named Akatora who is trying to sell it with the help of Hong Kong thug Daniel. Three rebellious cops go undercover to find both the jet fuel and Akatora. They must use the criminal instincts that got them kicked out of the force to save Hong Kong from a devastating terrorist attack.'] ["Ip Man is set in the 1930s in Foshan, a hub of Southern Chinese martial arts, where various schools actively recruit disciples and compete against each other. Although the Wing Chun master Ip Man is the most skilled martial artist in Foshan, he is unassuming and keeps a low profile. As an independently wealthy man, he feels no need to accept any disciples and instead spends his days training, meeting with friends, and spending time with his family. However, his wife is often resentful of the time he spends training and discussing martial arts with friends and colleagues. Though not a professional martial artist, Ip is respected in Foshan due to the abilities he displays in friendly, closed-door competitions with local masters. Ip's reputation is further enhanced when he defeats an aggressive, rude, highly skilled Northern Chinese martial arts master, Jin Shanzhao, thus upholding the regional pride of fellow Southern stylists and others in Foshan. The Japanese invasion in 1937 adversely affects the life of everyone in Foshan. Ip's house is claimed by the Japanese and used as their Foshan headquarters. Ip and his family lose their wealth and are forced to move into a decrepit house. Desperate to support his family, Ip accepts work as a coolie at a coal mine. The Japanese General Miura, who is a Karate master, establishes an arena where Chinese martial artists compete with his military trainees. The Chinese earn a bag of rice for every match they win. Li Zhao, a former police officer and Ip's acquaintance, is now working as a translator for the Japanese and is making the offer to the martial artists working as coolies. Ip at first declines to participate in the matches. However, when his friend Lin goes missing, he agrees to take part in order to investigate. He is enraged when he sees a fellow Foshan master  mercilessly executed for picking up a bag of rice from a prior victory after giving up in a second match against three karateka. He also comes to understand that Lin was killed in an earlier fight. Barely able to contain his rage, Ip demands a match with ten karateka at once. Despite having not practiced Wing Chun since the invasion began , he proceeds to mercilessly crush each of them with a brutal yet efficient barrage of his martial art mastery, showing barely any of the restraint he exhibited in previous engagements. His skill arouses the interest of Miura, who seeks to learn more about Ip and see him fight again. Ip visits his friend Chow Ching-chuen, who owns and runs a cotton mill in Foshan. Chow tells Ip that a highway robbery gang led by Jin Shanzhao is harassing his workers and extorting money from them. Ip trains the workers in Wing Chun for self defence. Meanwhile, Miura grows impatient when Ip does not return to the arena and sends men to find Ip. These men harass Ip's family, and Ip incapacitates them. Ip and his family then go into hiding at Li Zhao's house. Meanwhile, the robbers return to the cotton mill to demand money. The workers fight back using the techniques that Ip taught them. Just then, Ip appears and defeats Jin Shanzhao, warning him never to harass the workers again. The Japanese soldiers eventually find Ip at the cotton mill. Miura tells Ip that his life will be spared if agrees to instruct the Japanese soldiers in martial arts. Ip refuses and challenges Miura to a match, which Miura accepts, both because of his love for martial arts and because refusing the challenge would be a humiliation to the Japanese. The match between Ip and Miura is held in public in Foshan's square. At first, the two fighters seem equally matched, but Miura becomes overwhelmed and is unable to fend off Ip's attacks as he effortlessly uses him as a Wooden Dummy, inflicting a severe beating on him and clearly winning. As the beaten general lies down after his defeat, Ip looks over to the crowd and hears the Chinese cheering him; within the crowd, he spots his wife and child with Chow. Just then, Miura's deputy Sato shoots Ip. This sparks a scuffle between the Chinese audience and the Japanese soldiers. During the scuffle, Li Zhao kills Sato with Sato's own gun. Ip is taken away amidst the chaos. It is revealed that he survives and escapes to Hong Kong with his family. There, Ip establishes a Wing Chun school, where his students come to include Bruce Lee."] ['Billy Jack  goes to court facing an involuntary manslaughter charge stemming from events in the earlier film. He is found guilty and sentenced to a prison term. Meanwhile, the kids at the Freedom School—an experimental school for runaways and troubled youth on a Native American reservation in Arizona—vow to rebuild the school. They raise funds and acquire a new building, eventually starting their own newspaper and television station. Inspired by Nader\'s Raiders, they begin using the newspaper and TV station to conduct investigative reporting, angering several politicians and townspeople in the process with their exposes. The school\'s activities range from having their own search and rescue team, to artistic endeavors such as a marching band and belly dancing. This culminates with the school hosting a large marching band contest and arts festival, which they call "1984 is Closer Than You Think", to raise money for the school. Midway through the film, Billy Jack is released from prison and, trying to reconnect with his spiritual beliefs, begins a series of lengthy vision quests. He gets involved in a radical group on the reservation which is trying to oppose the federal de-recognition of their tribe and the turning of their tribal lands over to local developers. When one of the tribal members is arrested for poaching deer on what was formerly tribal land, the school comes to his defense. The school begins to hold hearings on Native rights and child abuse. One of the children at the school was abused by his father who cut off his hand in a fit of rage, and the school defies a court order to turn the boy back over to his father. The FBI begins visiting the school and taps their phones. As tensions mount between the school and the people in the nearby town, a mysterious explosion at the school knocks their television station off the air. The Governor calls a state of emergency and mobilizes the National Guard, and a curfew is established in town. The students respond by holding a parade in the town in violation of the curfew. On the way back to the school their bus breaks down and local townspeople confront the students and threaten to set their bus on fire. Billy Jack shows up during the incident to protect the students, and then comes to the rescue of a tribal member who is being harassed and beaten at a local dance in town. Near the end of the film, the National Guard is stationed around the school and is ordered to open fire on the students, killing four and wounding dozens more. The entire story is told in flashbacks by Jean Roberts , a teacher at the school, from her hospital bed after the shooting incident. The violence in the finale is a symbolic bookend to the massacre of Vietnamese civilians seen in the beginning of the film. During Billy\'s trial, he mentions the 1968 My Lai massacre and recalls, in a flashback scene, witnessing a similar incident while serving in Vietnam. This scene also reveals one glaring continuity error. In all four films, Billy Jack is described as an ex-Green Beret  soldier, yet in the flashback he and his fellow soldiers all have 101st Airborne Division shoulder patches on their uniforms. In the DVD audio commentary, Laughlin mentions he also wanted the bloody, disturbing finale to represent all the shooting incidents at college campuses  where police and National Guardsmen fired upon students during anti-war protest rallies.'] ['When a team of undercover narcotics officers is targeted by a serial killer, the police recruit karate champion Matt Logan  to bring the murders to an end. Logan soon discovers that a traitor within the police ranks is behind the killings. Critics nicknamed the film "A Farce of One."'] ['In the mid-17th century, the Manchus take over sovereignty of China and establish the Qing Dynasty. While nationalistic sentiments start brewing within the martial artists\' community , the Qing government immediately imposes a ban forbidding the common people from practising martial arts. Fire-Wind sees the new law as an opportunity for himself to make a fortune and offers to help the government execute the new rule. Greedy, cruel and immoral, Fire-Wind ravages northwest China with his army, killing thousands of pugilists as well as innocent civilians. His next goal is to attack Martial Village, which houses a large number of martial artists. Fu Qingzhu, a retired executioner who served during the previous Ming Dynasty, feels an urge to stop Fire-Wind\'s brutality, and he sets forth to save Martial Village. He brings with him two young villagers, Han Zhibang and Wu Yuanying, to Mount Heaven to seek help from Shadow-Glow, a reclusive master swordsman and sword-forger. Shadow-Glow allows his four students  to accompany the trio on their quest. He also gives each of them a special sword he forged, and the seven of them title themselves "Seven Swords". The Seven Swords return to Martial Village in the nick of time and succeed in driving away Fire-Wind\'s soldiers. In order to buy time for the villagers to prepare for an evacuation, the Seven Swords advance to Fire-Wind\'s base and cause chaos. During the raid, Chu Zhaonan encounters Fire-Wind\'s Korean slave girl, Green Pearl, and brings her along as they make their escape. As the party makes its exodus, strange things start happening along the way. Their food and water supplies are mysteriously poisoned, and their trail is marked by signs leading the enemy to them. The Seven Swords realize that there is a spy among them and understand that they must eliminate him / her before Fire-Wind catches up. Green Pearl immediately becomes a suspect because she does not speak their language. The situation is further complicated by a romantic affair between Chu Zhaonan and Green Pearl. Once, Green Pearl leads Chu into a trap unintentionally and manages to escape despite suffering serious injuries. Chu is captured by Fire-Wind, and Green Pearl manages to inform the other swordsmen before she dies. The other six swordsmen travel to Fire-Wind\'s base and engage him in a fierce battle to rescue Chu Zhaonan. During the Swords\' absence, the spy, Qiu Dongluo, reveals his identity and begins killing the unsuspecting villagers systematically. He is discovered by the village chief\'s daughter, Liu Yufang, and eventually killed by her. However, Liu is traumatized by the experience and turns hysterical. Meanwhile, the Seven Swords defeat and slay Fire-Wind, forcing his army to retreat temporarily. The swordsmen return to the hideout, only to find that all the villagers have been killed, except for Liu Yufang and the children. Han Zhibang calms Liu down and decides to stay behind and protect the survivors. The Seven Swords realize that the only way to save the jianghu is to persuade the emperor to withdraw the Martial Arts Ban. Liu tells Han that she can take care of the survivors and Han rides away to join his comrades as they travel towards the capital city.'] ['Set immediately after the Japanese Sengoku period, Iga and Kouga, two mercenary clans that have been waging a vendetta against each other over hundreds of years. Around 1614, Tokugawa Ieyasu, the ruler of Japan and the founder of the Tokugawa Shogunate, perceives the threat posed by the two clans. Attempting to consolidate his reign, he deliberately stirs up their feud by inviting the clans to choose their five best warriors to fight to the death. Designated as the leaders of the two clans respectively, Kouga Gennosuke  and Oboro , who have secretly married, are unwillingly embroiled in the political plot. Hence, they have to make a difficult decision. Initially, being peaceful and knowing the preciousness of life, they try their utmost to prevent this meaningless and brutal fight by questioning the shogunate\'s motives. After the deaths of all their comrades, however, they gradually accept their fate. In the last fight, Kouga Gennosuke chooses not to defend himself and allows his lover Oboro to kill him, thus letting the clan of Iga "win". Meanwhile, Ieyasu sends his armies to exterminate the ninja villages. To accomplish Gennosuke\'s hope of saving them, Oboro implores Tokugawa Ieyasu not to destroy the villages and, as a show of her sincerity, blinds herself, thereby destroying her most powerful weapons, her eyes (which possess a deadly technique called {{Nihongo}}. Moved profoundly by Oboro, Ieyasu withdraws his armies and issues an injunction to protect the ninja villages. For generations hence, the villages live peacefully.'] ['During a martial arts tournament, the American finalist Drew Carson  is humiliated by his opponent, kickboxer Trevor Gottitall  who pantses him during the match. To add to the insult, Drew\'s teacher Master Kwan  confesses that he is not—as he had claimed—a Shaolin monk, and therefore he had not passed on the actual knowledge of Shaolin kung fu to Drew. Determined to learn the actual art to prevent another such situation, Drew departs for China and arrives at the Shaolin Temple. At first, the monks do not let him enter, but with the help of a pretty tea shop waitress, Ashena , and an old monk  who gives him a decisive advise, he waits outside of the temple for a week, after which he manages to be admitted. The old monk also turns out to be the abbot of the temple, Master San De, and he and his stern taskmaster train Drew and a number of other young apprentices in the ways of the Shaolin. At first Drew causes much trouble as his American teenage temperament clashes with the tranquility within the temple and with his fellow student, Gao , but under the rigorous physical and mental training he both improves his fighting skills and learns the meaning of discipline, humility, and patience. He makes friends with Gao and also manages to pass the two final tests: the Test of Spirituality, and the Test of the Chamber. Accepted as a full-fledged member of the Shaolin Monastery, he accompanies—along with Ashena—a delegation of his fellow students and the abbot to a martial arts tournament in Shanghai. At the tournament, Drew encounters the American kickboxer Trevor Gottitall once again. Trevor taunts Drew before proceeding with this match against Gao. Gao initially gains the upper hand, but Trevor resorts to his dirty fighting techniques and injures Gao. With Gao pinned against the ropes, Trevor demands a match against the "American Shaolin". Drew rises, but sits down again, refusing to fight Trevor on the principle of non-violence and selflessness. Infuriated, Trevor continues to beat up Gao and hurls him out of the ring. Encouraged by Master San De, Drew finally enters the ring to fight Trevor. Trevor immediately used dirty tricks again, but Drew prevails and even offers his hand to the defeated Trevor. The crowd voices their support for Shaolin, and Master San De declares that this is "the future of Shaolin".'] ['Chen Zhen  is attending class in Kyoto University when some Japanese karate students from the Black Dragon Clan burst in and attempt to force him out because he is Chinese. Mitsuko Yamada , one of Chen\'s female classmates who has a crush on him, along with Chen\'s professor and other students, speak up for him. The thugs turn violent but Chen easily defeats them using a variety of controlled Chin Na techniques. The Japanese thugs\' sensei, Funakochi Fumio , who is also Mitsuko\'s uncle, arrives to take control of the situation and apologizes for his students\' behavior. Fumio is impressed by Chen\'s skill and converses with him, and Chen learns that his master Huo Yuanjia has died after losing in a match against a Japanese martial artist. Chen is distraught after hearing the bad news and he leaves for Shanghai immediately. Chen returns to Jingwu School and sees that his old friend — his master\'s son Huo Ting\'en  — has become the new master of the school. The next day, Chen goes to the Japanese dojo to challenge Ryoichi Akutagawa , the Japanese fighter who allegedly defeated Huo Yuanjia. Akutagawa\'s students attempt to force Chen out with violence, but Chen defeats them all with ease. Akutagawa arrives on the scene and honorably accepts Chen\'s challenge. Chen defeats Akutagawa easily and concludes that Akutagawa is not capable of defeating his master, after which he suspects foul play about Huo Yuanjia\'s death. Chen has Huo\'s corpse exhumed for an autopsy against the wishes of Huo Ting\'en and Jingwu\'s members. The coroner revealed that Huo Yuanjia was poisoned and weakened before his match against Akutagawa. Over the next few days, word of Chen\'s victory against Akutagawa spreads and Chen becomes a local celebrity in Shanghai. Jingwu\'s students begin to look up to Chen as their new instructor and that incurs the jealousy of Huo Ting\'en. Huo remains silent and seeks comfort in a brothel, where he becomes romantically involved with a prostitute Rose . Meanwhile, Akutagawa confronts General Gō Fujita  of the Imperial Japanese Army after realizing that his match result with Huo Yuanjia was pre-meditated by Fujita, which he considers dishonoring. After a heated argument, Fujita kills Akutagawa brutally in front of the shocked Japanese ambassador  and pushes the blame to Chen Zhen. Akutagawa\'s students are furious and they attack Jingwu School, culminating in a fight, that is eventually stopped by the local police. Chen is arrested and placed on trial for allegedly murdering Akutagawa. Several "witnesses" provide false and conflicting accounts of the murder, but the court refuses to accept testimony from any Chinese defense witnesses on the grounds of "bias" towards Chen. Mitsuko arrives and testifies that Chen is innocent because he spent the night with her, and the court accepts her false testimony because she is a Japanese. Chen is exonerated, but his apparent relationship with Mitsuko ruins his reputation, as the Chinese view it as an act of treachery. Huo Ting\'en and the senior Jingwu members demand that Chen either leaves Mitsuko or leaves the school, and Huo uses the opportunity to settle his personal vendetta against Chen by challenging Chen to a fight. Chen defeats Huo eventually with much reluctance but chooses to leave with Mitsuko. Huo Ting\'en is humiliated by his defeat and gives up his position as master of Jingwu before leaving to join his prostitute lover. Jingwu\'s members eventually discover Huo\'s relationship with the prostitute and reprimand him. Huo learns his lesson and returns to Jingwu. Chen and Mitsuko faces hostility from the locals and are forced to find accommodation in an abandoned hut near Huo Yuanjia\'s grave. At the same time, Fumio arrives from Japan as requested by Fujita, to get rid of Chen. Fumio engages Chen in a fair martial arts contest, which turns out to be a draw. Fumio leaves after warning Chen about Fujita\'s ill intentions and killing abilities. Days later, Huo Ting\'en visits Chen and apologizes for his earlier behavior, saying that Jingwu School will accept Chen and Mitsuko\'s relationship now. Huo teaches Chen the Mizong Fist that night while Mitsuko leaves secretly, leaving behind a message for Chen that she will wait for him in Japan. The next day, Chen and Huo Ting\'en confront Fujita at his dojo, where Fujita exposes a traitor from Jingwu, who played a role in Huo Yuanjia\'s death, and shoots him as an apology for pre-meditating Huo\'s death. Huo Ting\'en then fights Fujita, who appears to be incredibly strong and resilient, and Huo suffers grave injuries. Chen takes over the fight and engages Fujita in a long and exhausting fight. Just as they are about to leave, the enraged Fujita comes after them with a katana and Chen is forced to kill Fujita. Armed Japanese soldiers then surround them and prepare to open fire. The Japanese ambassador  arrives and orders the soldiers to stand down. He agrees with Chen\'s actions as he has been aware that Fujita is a madman, but also warns them that the Japanese government will use Fujita\'s death as an excuse to start a war with China, unless the Chinese can account for Fujita\'s death by executing the murderer. Chen expresses his willingness to accept the blame for Fujita\'s death in order to prevent war, earning the ambassador\'s further admiration. Instead of ordering Chen\'s death, the ambassador stages a fake execution and substitutes the dead Jingwu\'s traitor\'s body for Chen\'s, while Chen escapes and leaves Shanghai secretly.'] ["Queen Hijau  of Pattani faces overthrow by the rebel Prince Rawai, who is allied with pirate captain Black Raven. The pirates attempt to capture some giant cannon invented by Dutchman Janis Bree and Chinese inventor Lim Kium, but the Dutch ship carrying the cannon blows up and the cannons sink into the sea. Meanwhile, an orphan sea gypsy boy named Pari is raised in a fishing village, which is constantly under attack by Black Raven's raiding parties. The boy, gifted in the magical art of Du Lum, is taken by his uncle Anjar to learn more of the magical ways of the ocean from White Ray, but the sage refuses to teach the boy. Nonetheless, Pari is soon communicating with the marine life. He grows into manhood and becomes a fighter against Black Raven's pirates. Black Raven, also a practitioner in the Du Lum ocean magical arts, has been trying to raise the cannons from the depths of the sea. Queen Hijau wants her own large cannons and seeks the inventor Lim Kium, who has been living in the sea gypsy fishing village. She sends away her sisters, Princess Ungu  and Princess Biru . They will be under the protection of the queen's loyal commander, the fierce silat exponent Lord Jarang. At the fishing village, Lord Jarang comes under attack. Pari aids Jarang in fighting off the pirates, and Jarang makes his escape. In the confusion, Princess Ungu is believed to have been killed, but she has actually been rescued by Pari and taken to White Ray's remote island. There, a romance develops between Ungu and Pari, but neither are able to commit. Ungu is due to marry the Prince of Pahang, an important ally of Langkasuka. And Pari is still tortured by the death of his childhood sweetheart at the hands of Black Raven's men. In a cave on the island, Pari encounters Black Ray, an evil, unstable alter ego of White Ray, and Pari begins to learn more about Du Lum and the conflict between the black and white sides of the practice. Eventually, all the forces - the rebel prince, the pirates, the ocean sorcerers, the queen and the princesses - will battle for the big cannon."] ['At the start of the film, the main character, Iguchi Seibei, becomes a widower when his wife succumbs to tuberculosis. His wife receives a grand funeral, more than what a lowest-ranking samurai such as Seibei could afford. Seibei works in the grain warehouse, accounting for stores inventory for the samurai clan. His samurai colleagues give him the condescending nickname "Tasogare Seibei" or "Twilight Seibei" &mdash; when evening approaches, Seibei rushes home to look after his senile elderly mother and two young daughters, Kayano and Ito, instead of bonding with his supervisor and other samurai colleagues over customary nights of dinner, geisha entertainment, and sake drinking. Even though he is a samurai, Seibei continues to neglect his own appearance, failing to bathe and being shabbily dressed. The well-being of his young daughters and medicine for his mother take priority over new clothes or covering the monthly bath fee. Things change when Seibei\'s childhood friend, Tomoe  returns to town. Recently divorced from an abusive alcoholic husband , Tomoe finds comfort and solace with Seibei\'s daughters. When her ex-husband Koda barges into the household of Michinojo in the middle of night in a drunken demand for Tomoe, Seibei accepts a duel with the captain, hoping to put a stop to the abuse. There seems little chance for him to beat the captain, but Seibei feels he must try. Dueling amongst clan members is strictly forbidden. The penalty is usually death for the winner as the loser is already dead. Seibei decides to use only a wooden stick whilst Koda brandishes a steel katana. Seibei overcomes Koda, sparing both their lives. When Iinuma Michinojo asks Seibei to marry his sister, he feels that Iinuma is teasing him for his strong feelings for Tomoe, like when he, Iinuma, and Tomoe were children. Iinuma knows Tomoe\'s feeling for Seibei, and Seibei is a kind man who would treat Tomoe better than Koda. With much deep regret, Seibei cannot accept Iinuma\'s offer of his sister\'s hand in marriage, citing his inferior social status and how he did not want to see Tomoe share the burden of poverty as Seibei struggles every month to feed Kayano and Ito whilst caring for his ailing mother. Seibei stoically regrets how his departed wife suffered in his care, who came from a higher samurai family. Iinuma talks no more of it. Tomoe stops seeing Kayano and Ito. In the final act, the head of Seibei\'s clan, having heard of his prowess with a sword, orders Seibei to kill a samurai retainer, Yogo Zen\'emon, who has been "disowned" and who stubbornly refuses to resign his post by committing seppuku. The young lord of the clan has died from measles, and there is a succession struggle going on behind the scenes over who will be the new lord of the clan. Yogo ended up on the losing side of this conflict, hence his ordered suicide. Yogo killed a formidable samurai who was sent to kill him. Seibei is promised a rise in social standing and pay if he accepts the dangerous mission. Seibei is very reluctant at first, requesting one month to prepare for it. He says that, because of great hardship in his life, he has lost all resolve to fight with ferocity and disregard for his own life, because of the experience of watching his two girls grow. As they continue to insist, he requests two days to get himself up to the task. The new clan leader is furious over this answer and orders him removed from the clan. Seibei is finally forced to agree to attempt the mission. Upon parting that evening, Seibei\'s supervisor  promises him that he will make sure the girls will be taken care of if the worst comes to pass. The following morning, Seibei attempts to get ready, but there is no one to help him prepare in the rituals that are customary of samurai before battle. With no one to turn to, he asks Tomoe for her assistance. Before he leaves, he tells Tomoe that he was wrong not to propose marriage. He says that if he lives, he would like to ask for her hand in marriage now that there is promise of a promotion. She regretfully tells Seibei she has already accepted another man\'s proposal. Seibei, feeling like a fool, tells Tomoe to forget about the silly conversation. Tomoe says that she will not be waiting at his household for him to return, but that she hopes from her heart that he will return safely. Seibei says he understands completely. He thanks Tomoe for her generosity for assisting him in this final ritual. They part. At Yogo\'s house, Seibei finds his target drinking in a dark, fly-infested room. Yogo recognizes Seibei and invites him to sit and drink. He then asks Seibei to allow him to run away. He explains he was only faithfully serving his master and describes how both his wife and daughter also died of tuberculosis and only thanks to his master\'s generosity could he afford a proper funeral. Seibei commiserates and explains how he sold his katana to pay for his wife\'s funeral. He reveals that his scabbard contains a fake bamboo sword. This angers Yogo who believes Seibei is mocking him. Seibei explains he has been trained with the short sword, which he still carries, but Yogo is not placated. Seibei\'s kodachi fighting style is matched up against Yogo\'s ittōryū  swordsmanship in an intense close quarters duel. Despite allowing Yogo to slash him several times, Seibei kills Yogo when his longer sword gets caught in the rafters. Despite his wounds, Seibei limps home. Kayano and Ito rush to him in the courtyard, happy to see him. Tomoe is still there, waiting in the house. They have an emotional reunion and are married. In a brief epilogue, his younger daughter explains that their happiness was not to last: He died three years later in the Boshin War, Japan\'s last civil war. Ito often heard from fellow co-workers that Tasogare Seibei was a very unfortunate character, a most pathetic samurai with no luck at all. Ito disagrees: her father never had any ambition to become anything special; he loved his two daughters, and was loved by the beautiful Tomoe.'] ['A discovery in the near future makes it possible to create genetically engineered and enhanced human clones. The consequence of this discovery results in bio-ethical chaos. In order to right this wrong, the World Health Organization imposes a global ban on all human cloning activity. A group of scientists at the Nova Corporation, a leader in cloning research, have made miraculous advances in the replication of human beings. When one of their colleagues, a mad scientist by the name of Dr. Oh , creates an "Obedience Strain" that will allow him mind control over the clones, Nova Corp casts him out and revokes his license. Dr. Oh vows revenge on his three partners, Drs. Markov, Forster and Hillier, and creates a clone that is the perfect killing machine, Takeru , a killer ninja clone. Meanwhile, Nova Corp learns of Dr. Oh\'s plan and dispatches a bounty hunter, Madsen , to destroy Dr. Oh, Dr. Oh\'s laboratory and any clones he may have developed. Madsen has his work cut out for him because with Takeru on the loose, it\'s only a matter of time before the clone finds them all!'] ["Due to economic pressures, Wong Fei-hung is forced to move his martial arts school and Po-chi-lam clinic to a new location but unknowingly re-opens next to a brothel. Wong comes into conflict with a corrupt police chief who is helping evil monks from a nearby temple to kidnap young women and sell them into prostitution in distant lands. Whilst investigating the temple, Wong gets into a fight and is subsequently accused of an unprovoked attack on the monks. He is also poisoned and becomes temporarily deaf. In a later fight, Wong intervenes in the police chief's attempts to assassinate a foreign official. In one scene, parodying traditional lion dances, Wong dresses up as a rooster, compete with an iron beak and claws. He clucks as he battles his enemies, who are shrouded in a giant metallic centipede. This scene has its roots in the 1956 film Huang Fei-hong tie ji dou wu gong , which starred Kwan Tak-hing as Wong Fei-hung. In the final fight against the police chief, Wong uses drunken boxing after his toes are broken while attempting to execute a Shadowless Kick on his opponent. The film concludes with Wong and his companions marching away victorious, but not before Wong rebukes the foreign official for selling opium and causing young children to go deaf."] ["A promising young martial arts student named Chi-Hao has spent most of his life studying under a master and has fallen in love with the master's daughter Yin-Yin. After the master fails to properly fight off a group of thugs, he sends Chi-Hao to study under a superior master, Shen Chin-Pei. He instructs Chi-Hao to learn from Chin-Pei and defeat the local martial arts tyrant, Ming Dung-Shun, in an upcoming tournament in order to earn Yin-Yin's hand. Chi-Hao meets a young female singer, Yen Chu Hung, on the road to the city and rescues her from Dung-Shun's thugs. She falls in love with him, but he resists her advances with difficulty. He reaches town and begins studying under Shen Chin-Pei. After an initial beating by Chin-Pei's star pupil, Han Lung, Chi-Hao improves rapidly. One day, another thug of Dung-Shun's, Chen Lang, breaks into the school and beats all of Chin-Pei's students. Chin-Pei finally arrives and fights him, but is struck by a dishonorable blow and severely wounded. Chi-Hao tracks Chen Lang down and defeats him. When Chin-Pei hears of this, he selects Chi-Hao to receive his most deadly secret, the Iron Fist. Han Lung discovers that Chi-Hao has been chosen as Chin-Pei's successor and becomes intensely jealous. He conspires with Dung-Shun to have Chi-Hao crippled. He lures Chi-Hao into the forest, where Dung-Shun's three new Japanese thugs ambush him. They overpower him and break his hands. Later, they visit his old master's school and kill him as well. Yen helps Chi-Hao recuperate and again tries to woo him, but he resists her. Finally, Chi-Hao's fellow students locate him and encourage him to regain his fighting spirit. He begins training and soon overcomes his wounds. Yin-Yin arrives, but withholds the news of her father's death. A rejuvenated Chi-Hao successfully defeats all the other students to become Chin-Pei's representative for the upcoming tournament. Han Lung returns to Dung-Shun with the news, but Dung-Shun's son blinds him and casts him out. On the day of the tournament, a conscience-stricken Chen Lang warns Chi-Hao of the three Japanese thugs lying in ambush on the road to the arena. Chi-Hao fights the thugs until Chen Lang arrives and holds them off so that Chi-Hao can get to the tournament on time. He arrives just in time and defeats Dung-Shun's son to win the tournament. Dung-Shun stabs Chin-Pei amongst the celebrations and departs. As Dung-Shun arrives back home, he discovers that all his lights are out. Han Lung appears in the darkened room and, guided by Yen's direction, fights Dung-Shun and his son. Han Lung blinds the son, who is then stabbed by his father in the confusion. Dung-Shun bursts out of the dark room and summons his minions, who kill Han Lung and Yen Chu Hung. Chi-Hao arrives at Dung Shun's house, but Dung-Shun flees and stabs himself before Chi-Hao can fight him. As he leaves, the chief Japanese thug arrives with Chen Lang's head. He and Chi-Lao face off. Chi-Hao uses his Iron Fist power, causing his hands to glow red, and delivers several powerful blows that send the thug smashing into a brick wall. The thug defeated, Chi-Hao collects Yin-Yin and departs."] ['A Japanese samurai named Yamada  is captured by enemy Siamese warriors. To his surprise, the people whom he has been fighting and killing nurse him to health and treat him as a guest in their village. In time, his loyalty switches sides and he vows to defend the villagers who have treated him with such kindness. Turmoil results as the Japanese are intent to kill the traitor.'] ['Cleopatra Wong is a deadly female Interpol agent, with the title sequence displaying her prowess at marksmanship, archery and unarmed combat. She is interrupted while on holiday in Manila by the Chief in Singapore, asking her to see the local Chief, in the Philippines. On the way to meeting the Interpol Chief, she is ambushed by thugs that she defeats. Cleopatra is informed of a counterfeit plot, where bogus currency is so realistic that it is being freely distributed by a crime syndicate in five ASEAN countries, hoping to make the people lose faith in their currencies and consequently throw the region into financial chaos. Following which, they will attempt to buy over various companies and make huge profits. Cleopatra is sent back to Singapore where the currency is already being accepted by the major banks. She teams up with her young friend and fellow junior agent, and attempts to spend the counterfeit money so she is captured by the gang responsible. She is taken to their hideout and encounters menacing wrestlers, whom she easily defeats. A chase around Singapore then ensues, including a fight scene in Sentosa island. At last, the gang is defeated and is taken for interrogation. Following a tip gathered from the interrogation, Cleopatra sets off to Hong Kong, where the money is reported coming from. At the harbour, she spots a suspicious-looking shipment of strawberry jam, and discovers that the fake currency is being smuggled inside jars of this jam. A fight scene follows, and Cleopatra calls the chief, teasingly telling him to go into the strawberry jam market. Cleopatra returns to the Philippines, where the jam shipment originated. Posing as a reporter for Asian Weekly, she visits a strawberry plantation. The farmer tells her that the main manufacturers of the jam in the area are nuns in a Catholic monastery on a nearby hill. Thanking him, she goes off to investigate. Cleopatra tries the same trick, but is shooed off by the "nuns". However, she does manage to take a few photographs and spots a helicopter nearby. She requests a warrant to search the monastery from the local Interpol chief, but he argues that the evidence is insufficient. Cleopatra then goes to develop the photographs, only to encounter thugs on the way. The photographs show the nuns carrying automatic machine guns, which is enough evidence for the chief. Cleopatra assembles a team of four trusted agents, specialising in such areas as explosives and unarmed combat, to accompany her on a raid of the monastery. The "nuns" and "monks" are, in reality, members of the syndicate whilst the real nuns are locked captive in the basement. Cleopatra and the team infiltrate the area, with massive gun battles and explosions as the result. Cleopatra destroys the villains\' helicopter with a machinegun mounted on the back of her motorcycle as her teammates dispatch of the rest of the henchmen.'] ['The movie opens with the assassination of a man of unknown identity. A team of three CIA officers, including Jack Chen , a rookie, watch through surveillance as a sexy female assassin named Fiona Birch  enters the man\'s heavily guarded apartment suite and, after having sex with him, kills him by breaking his spine with her bare hands. As she makes her escape in her white Porsche 911 GT3, her car is hit by a rocket. As the officers rush over to extricate her from the wreckage, a woman in a limousine shoots her to death. The woman in the limousine is revealed to be Madam M , the leader of a mysterious assassin organization, to which the killed assassin belonged. After the incident, young girls across the globe start disappearing one after another. The only relationship among them is that they are all trained in martial arts or sports. As correctly theorized by Jack, these girls have been abducted by Madam M and transported to an island to be trained to become professional assassins. After six years of gruesome training, only Charlene Ching , Katt  and Jing  survive and "graduate". The last test in order for them to graduate was a fight for survival/to the death test. Katt and Charlene, being friends, could not kill each other, and so each is accepted as the third survivor. To celebrate Madame M gives them all different wine which has drugs in it. As the drugs take effect Madame M calls her guards who brutally rape the girls, thus  making them ready for what was to come. The three girls are then sent on several missions around the world. During one of her missions in Hong Kong, Charlene coincidentally runs into her long-lost mother, Faye Ching . Jack, who has been following Madam M\'s case for the last six years, tracks Charlene down, but Charlene manages to knock him out and escape. Believing that Charlene would return to seek her mother, Jack waits outside Faye\'s house. However, Jing shows up first and stabs Faye. Jack tries to fend her off but was no match for her. Charlene shows up shortly and kills Jing after a fierce fight. The two then escort the wounded Faye to hospital. In order to regain their freedom, Charlene and Katt accept a final mission from Madam M. A yakuza boss, Ryuichi , has contracted Madam M to eliminate a traitor in his gang. The mission turns out to be Ryuichi\'s trap to avenge his partner, who was assassinated previously by one of Madam M\'s girls . Ryuichi kills Madam M and captures Katt, while Charlene escapes. Later, she and Katt went to the meeting place and finds that it was a trap. Ryuichi then shoots a dart containing a drug. Then while Jack was at the hospital, Charlene calls him to meet her at the beach. They end up making love and by the next morning she left a note in his shoe saying if they have fate then they will meet again. When Charlene returns the next day to rescue Katt, she watches helplessly through a bullet-proof glass as Katt, after being tortured, is killed by Ryuichi, with a sword. The enraged Charlene battles Ryuichi and through an intense fight, finally manages to kill him, using the technique used by Fiona Birch. After everything is over, Jack and Charlene\'s mother, Faye, are at a Chinese temple offering prayers. Faye jokingly says that these things  must have been all nonsense in Jack\'s point of view. But Jack tells her that although he never had a religion he feels peace every time he is in the temple. Faye commends his behavior and says that he should visit the temple more often. Meanwhile, we see Charlene in a Chinese temple praying for Katt\'s soul to rest in peace and she tells the deity that she wishes to be with the one she truly loves, Jack himself. Jack claims at the end of the movie that there are times when he is sure that Charlene is beside him; the last scene of the movie is Charlene watching Jack rush through the crowd looking for her.'] ["The eponymous character, played by Jimmy Wang, has hung up his signature broken sword and is living peacefully with his wife. However, a band of tyrannical sword masters take over the country, using their own signature styles and unique weapons to conquer all the sword fighting schools. They capture all the masters and teachers of the schools and deliver an ultimatum: all the students must cut off their sword arms and surrender the severed limbs to the evil warlords, or the students' beloved teachers will all die. The students turn to the legendary One-Armed Swordsman, who is at first reluctant but is convinced when a student actually does sacrificially chop his own arm off when he refuses to help. The One-Armed Swordsman must contend with the unique styles and weapons of the warlords, which is what makes the movie. Winged Blade  and his henchmen are able to jump or glide, a power that One-Arm foils by scattering calthrops where they land. Whirling Blade and his henchmen wield and throw two bladed bucklers, which return to them like Captain America's shield. Thunder Blade's sword both emits a smoke screen and is actually a shotgun. Thousand Blade  has long false fingernail blades that she can throw. And Unseen Blade  first appears to have an invisible sword, then suddenly has a sword that can unexpectedly grow longer. In the end the One-Armed Swordsman defeats the warlords and their armies, but by that time all of the sword fighting students who were helping him are dead. He leaves the last evil swords master, Unseen, to be chopped into chutney by the vengeful freed masters and teachers of the schools, and goes back to his wife."] ['The film begins with a narration of the legend of an Indian Buddhist monk and the widespread belief that his mummified remains has mystical powers. The Dark Stone gang, having found that half of the remains are in the prime minister Zhang\'s hands, sends assassins to kill him and his son Renfeng. Dark Stone\'s top assassin Drizzle steals the remains and flees. She encounters the monk Wisdom after dispatching a pursuing Renfeng at the top of a bridge. Wisdom is revealed to be an accomplished martial artist who demonstrates to Drizzle that her swordsmanship has four fatal flaws. Warning that she can be killed by a master, he attempts to persuade her to turn a new leaf and leave the life of an assassin. The three months of their association ends with him dying by her hands, a final demonstration intended to enlighten her. After Wisdom\'s death, Drizzle is burdened with sorrow and guilt and decides to leave her old way of life. She goes to a famous surgeon who changes her appearance and she assumes the identity of Zeng Jing, a common cloth merchant. She attracts the attention of the messenger Ah-sheng whom she eventually marries. The Dark Stone gang\'s leader, Wheel King, recruits and trains a new assassin, Turquoise, a merciless girl who murdered her fiance and in-laws on her wedding night. The Dark Stone, in the meantime, are still in pursuit of Drizzle and the mummified remains, and one of their top members  is mysteriously assassinated. Later, Zeng Jing and Ah-sheng are in the bank when robbers enter. As the gang draws their swords, Zeng Jing defeats them and saves both her and her husband\'s lives. This act reveals her whereabouts to Dark Stone. The Wheel King summons three assassins in his gang - Lei Bin, the Magician, and Turquoise - to hunt Drizzle down. They locate Drizzle despite her changed appearance. However, Drizzle  state she just wants to live a normal life, and the Wheel King promises her freedom for Ah-sheng and herself in exchange for the half of the she took and help in collecting the other half. After the Dark Stone secure the remains, Drizzle hands over her half. The gang refuses to release her, and despite infighting that kills the Magician, she comes home wounded and collapses before Ah-sheng. Lei Bin and Turquoise follow her but are stopped by Ah-sheng, who surprises them by producing a pair of Cen-Ci swords. Lei Bin recognizes them as Renfeng\'s weapon. The two assassins are defeated and Ah-sheng takes Drizzle to the surgeon. The surgeon treats Drizzle\'s wounds and tells Renfeng everything is pre-destined. Flashbacks reveal that Ah-sheng\'s true identify is Renfeng, who did not die from Drizzle\'s sword because he has situs inversus. He has also changed his appearance so that he can avenge his father\'s death. Drizzle finds out the truth and asks Renfeng if he has ever loved her. An emotional Renfeng tells her that is impossible because of what she and Dark Stone have done to his family, but he cannot bring himself to kill her and tells her to leave. The Wheel King, having obtained the remains, attempts to use the power to restore his bodily "defect": he was castrated as a boy and uses the cover of being a low ranking eunuch to hide his criminal activities. Turquoise discovers this as she seduces him and mocks him in anger and disappointment. The Wheel King is infuriated and buries her alive under a bridge. He sees the firework signal released by Drizzle, who has decided to engage him in a final battle. The Wheel King comes to a graveyard and finds Renfeng dead. Drizzle then battles him and wounds him fatally, using what Wisdom had taught her. Renfeng revives the next morning, since he was just given a tortiose powder by Drizzle in order to appear lifeless so he could witness Drizzle avenge his family with her life. He approaches her body to touch her and finds her still alive. Renfeng is overcome with joy and carries her in his arms. Drizzle whispers to him "divorce me after we get home." Renfeng laughs and tells her they have a long life ahead.'] ['In the grand tradition of the lone hero who mysteriously appears in a town desperate for help , having survived a war and now serving the government as an undercover agent, Danny Silva takes on his biggest foe yet: the street gangs that have taken over his neighborhood. Unwilling to play by the rules set down by the criminals, Silva forgoes the use of guns and decides to battle the thugs with the strength of his fists, spirit and willpower, turning himself into a real-life, modern-day superhero. Packed with pulse pounding, adrenaline-filled action; "Latin Dragon" gives us our first mainstream Latino martial arts action hero'] ['The film tells the story of two Shinsengumi samurai. One of them is Saitō Hajime , a heartless killer and the other is Yoshimura Kanichiro , who appears to be a money-grubbing and emotional swordsman from the northern area known as Nambu Morioka. The main storyline is set during the fall of the Tokugawa shogunate, but it is told in a series of flashbacks as two characters reminisce. The themes include conflicting loyalty to the clan, lord, and family. More than just a story of swordplay, it is the story of a man willing to do anything for the good of his family, even if it means never being able to see them.'] ["Growing up in Chaiya, Surat Thani Province, three boys, Piak, Pao and Samor, are followers of Pao's brother, Krang , a legendary muay Thai fighter who is taught by Pao's father, Tew . After an accident partially cripples Samor, Piak and Pao train as boxers under Tew, but the boxing school is broken up when Tew and Krang are recruited for a gym in Bangkok. Eventually, Piak and Pao go to Bangkok themselves, bringing along Samor, and Sripai, a nurse who is engaged to Piak, but whom Pao secretly loves. Piak's hot-headedness makes him a fierce fighter, but it is also a liability that costs him a fight and ends his career. He joins the world of underground bare-knuckles brawling, and he and Samor take on other jobs in the underworld as well, including helping out at go-go bar where the pretty Warn dances and seduces Piak. While working for the underworld, both of them ended up also doing dirty works for their boss. Pao, meanwhile, begins training with his father, and works his way up the ranks, is put forward as a top boxer in a match against a fierce farang, Diamond Sullivan, which places Pao at odds with the gangsters whom Piak and Samor work for.KRU PAIK. Sripai later saw Piak in bed with Warn and went to find Pao. Pao and Sripai live together since while Piak took over the underground business once his boss was killed by another rival boss. Eventually the film climax at Pao's fight with Diamond. Pao was knocked down several times, but came victorious as he remembers the time three of them trained together as a young boy.  Although the film has received accolades for its action sequences, the films representation of the art of Muay Chaiya is not always accurate. The some depiction in the movie is more akin to the stadium style of Muay Thai, for example, where kicks are performed dropping one hand. A lot of the footwork doesn't utilize the yang saam khum that traditional Muay Chaiya uses. Muay Chaiya technique as espoused by the last surviving grandmaster Ajarn Ketr Siripatyai, does not resemble stadium muay thai in many regards. There were only a few authentic Muay Chaiya practitioners in the movie, one of which was  Prawit Kittichanthira who played Krangsuk. He is one of the top students in the style, and one of the few people who have proved that the style can be used in, and out of the ring."] ['The Mafia learns that a new civic center will be built, and they buy all of the land for the site of the building&mdash;all except for one place: a karate school owned by Pop Byrd, Black Belt Jones\' old friend. Pop Byrd had borrowed money from a local drug dealer, Pinky, in order to open his school. Pinky had been stealing money from the mafia and was forced to pay them $250,000 or get Pop\'s building for them. Pinky inflated the debt, with the intent of offering Pop the deal of trading his building in exchange for the debt being cleared. However, things do not go as planned, as Pop is accidentally killed by Pinky\'s men during an intimidation attempt. Before he dies, he states that he couldn\'t give them the building to settle his debt, because it did not belong to him, but to someone named Sydney. Pinky then decides to send his men to the karate school, to inform them of Pop\'s debt  and attempt the same scheme. However, the thugs are beaten up by Black Belt Jones and the students. Meanwhile, a woman arrives to attend Pop\'s funeral, who is none other than Sydney, the daughter of the late Pop Byrd. After demanding to know what happened to her father, she is informed of the mafia\'s activities as well as her father\'s debt, but says she won\'t sell the building. Angered, she is determined to punish the people who caused her father\'s death. Informed of Sydney\'s martial arts prowess by Quincy, Black Belt Jones joins forces with her to "clobber the mob".'] ['Sing  is a mainland China country boy who arrives in Hong Kong to visit his Uncle "Blackie Tat" . When Sing stays with his uncle and his friends in their apartment, Blackie soon learns of Sing\'s supernatural ability to see through objects and, later on, his ability to change playing cards by rubbing them. He takes advantage of this and turns Sing into the Dou Seng or the "Saint of Gamblers". After getting into a fight with several alleyway gamblers he meets the lovely Yee-Mong , a henchman for the "King of Gamblers", and becomes infatuated with her. Sing quickly becomes a rival to the King and must win his way through a world competition to prove his skill.'] ["This kung-fu comedy combines Fu Sheng with his real-life brother Chang Chan Peng. The former stars as a wily kung-fu conman who uses all of his skills to trick an important official of his wares during the film's opening. Now on the run from the law, he runs into a wealthy yet bored young socialite who wants the chance to prove himself to his family. Bearing this in mind, the spoilt son proposes a venture to his new associate: to find the fabled treasure of Chan Po Chu and satisfy their respective needs for wealth and acceptance. With a tenuous agreement put into action, the two adventurers set out in search of the very sought after treasure. Also hunting down the Chan Po Chu booty is a small band of kung fu fighting monks and, the most fearsome of all, the ruthless Lord Mo. Through a series of intricate escapades and minor battles, the dynamic duo form a unique bond that helps them in their final confrontation with the dreaded Lord Mo. In the temple that is said to house Chan Po Chu's legacy, the various parties reveal their motives and the heroic forces are once and for all pitted against Lord Mo and his deadly female cohort."] ['Bruce Lee, My Brother is a dramatic biopic of the eponymous martial arts legend as told by his younger brother, Robert Lee. Based directly from the book "Memories of Lee Siu Loong", which is authored by Lee\'s siblings http://www.cityonfire.com/robert-lee-interview/http://www.beyondhollywood.com/bruce-lee-my-brother-2010-movie-review/, it revolves around Bruce Lee\'s life as a rebellious adolescent in Hong Kong before he sets off for the USA and conquers the world at the age of 18 with only $102US in his pocket. As a young man, Bruce grew up in an affluent family. Entering the film industry at an early age, he gained fame as a child actor. Outside the home and studio, he was rebellious; he spent time engaging in street fights, dancing with lady friends, and hanging with his buddies, Kong and Unicorn, the latter a fellow child actor who would later appear in Fist of Fury and Way of the Dragon. Invincible as he is as a street fighter, Bruce\'s romantic escapades are not as smooth and successful. He is head-over-heels in love with Pearl, only to realize his mate Kong shares the same passion. At a cha-cha dancing tournament, Kong tells Bruce his intentions of leaving Pearl so Bruce himself can have her, damaging their friendship. Bruce is unable to come to terms with Kong. Against his father\'s wishes, Bruce studies the Wing Chun martial arts style instead of Tai-chi and tastes his first public triumph at a tournament with his kung fu skills. On the eve of his triumph, he learns that Kong has become a drug addict. The same boxer whom Bruce defeated at the ring informs him of his whereabouts. Bruce rumbles the drug lord\'s den together with Unicorn to rescue Kong, but the drug dealers confront them. Their actions cause a massive chase sequence; although Bruce and his friends survive, Kong would later die from his drug overdose. Bruce himself became the target of both the Triads and corrupted cops who want him in jail. To save his life, Bruce\'s father has no choice but to send him off to San Francisco.'] ["Ning Choi-san is a timid debt collector whose job requires him to travel to rural areas. He arrives at a town but is forced to seek shelter in a deserted temple in the forest on the outskirts because he did not have money to afford lodging at the town. That night in the temple, Ning meets a beautiful and alluring young maiden called Nip Siu-sin and falls in love with her. However, when he later recalls last night's events the next day, he becomes increasingly fearful and superstitious because a Taoist told him that the people he saw at the temple were ghosts. That night, he returns to the temple to spend his night there and confirms his theory that Nip is actually a spirit. Nip tells him her story of how she became eternally bound to the servitude of a sinister Tree Demoness. She explains that as long as her remains are buried at the foot of the tree, her spirit will be forever enslaved by Tree Demoness. Ning attempts to free her from her suffering. He seeks the help of a powerful Taoist priest and master swordsman called Yin Chik-ha, who he met earlier. Yin battles the Tree Demoness and attempts to free Nip's soul but fails. Nip's soul is taken to the Underworld for betraying her master. Ning is unwilling to give up on Nip and insists that Yin helps him. Yin manages to open a temporary portal to the Underworld. Ning and Yin enter the Underworld and attempt to free Nip's soul from suffering. They are unable to find her in the midst of thousands of other spirits. Eventually, Ning and Nip are able to see each other briefly near dawn when they come back from the Underworld after the fight. Sunlight shines on the urn containing Nip's cremated remains, but Nip cannot be exposed to sunlight or her soul will disintegrate. Ning holds on to a curtain to shield the urn from sunlight as he has a final conversation with Nip. Nip tells Ning that the only way to save her soul is to place her remains to rest at another more auspicious burial site before she returns to the darkness. Ning follows her instructions and with Yin's advice, Ning buries Nip's remains near the crest of a hill. He burns a joss stick for her and prays for her soul while Yin watches solemnly behind him."] ['In legend, there is a powerful and undefeated warrior known as the Wolf. This fighter has retired from the martial arts world and very few people know his true identity, but they are many who wish to challenge him. A young man seeks the Wolf and manages to contact Wai, who leads him to the warrior. When the young man sees that the Wolf  is an old man, far from what he expected, he makes some sarcastic remarks to ridicule the old man, prompting Wai to retell the story of the Wolf. The film flashbacks to a post-World War II period. The young Fung is wandering around a war-torn and ravaged farming village, faintly remembering that he is there to meet a woman at an abandoned temple. Fung encounters the young villager Wai, who leads him to his destination. The villagers are suspicious about Fung\'s background and follow him to the temple, where they see Fung engaging six members of a notorious gang in a fierce fight. Although Fung manages to defeat his opponents, he is severely injured and Wai brings him to a quiet spot for recovery. Just then, Fung remembers that the woman he is meeting is actually his lover, Yee. In the meantime, the gangsters attack the village and kill many innocent people. When Fung and Wai arrive on the scene, they see corpses everywhere and learn that Yee has been captured by the gang. Fung pursues the gangsters and meets the second leader of the gang, who calls him "Third brother". At that point, Fung suddenly remembers that he is actually part of the gang. Fung is unable to tolerate the gang\'s cruel acts towards innocent civilians and he fights with the gangsters, emerging victorious eventually. The film moves back to the present-day conversation between Fung , Wai and the young man. The young man reveals that he is actually an upstart killer, and wishes to make his name by slaying the legendary Wolf. He draws his gun and attempts to kill the Wolf, but does not succeed and is defeated by the Wolf immediately.'] ['Deu  meets three masters of drunken martial arts -- "Dog Shit", "Pig Shit", and Sanim, when they foil an attempt to abduct her. She convinces them to train her in their martial arts style, and learns that they have come together to defeat the Jaguar Gang, who abduct "special" young women. She falls for Sanim while he trains her—but learns that he is still in love with Pai—his fiancee who was abducted by the Jaguar Gang three years before, during what was supposed to be their wedding. After rescuing more women using her newfound skills, Deu is twice tested by the until now hidden fourth member of the team -- "Bull Shit". She learns that The Jaguar gang only abducts women with a certain "smell", a smell that Deu has, which they use to make a special perfume—and that the secret of her new kung fu is not simply drunkenness, but emotional pain. However, Kee Ma  is a "Sniffer," and is able to find the smell. To locate out the Jaguar Gang\'s hideout, Deu is used as a decoy. It works too well, as Deu is abducted but the team fails to find the hideout where she was taken. Deu, having been drugged, tries to escape and finds out the reason why the Jaguar gang abducts these specific women. The women\'s tears have a chemical substance which is able to improve health. Deu is then caught, but not before knocking some vials of the tears onto the floor which causes them to break. Kee Ma is able to smell the tears and shows the others into the hideout where they have a big fight. Sanim tries to take Deu away from the fighting but instead finds Pai. Before they are able to take Pai away, they meet the leader of the Jaguar Gang, London . They attempt to escape from London with the drugged and limp Pai, but London corners them near a sequence of rope bridges, and the real fight begins. Finally, London is temporarily defeated, and Sanim and Pai are left dangling over the edge of a bridge with Deu holding onto both of them. Sanim then sacrifices himself for Pai and lets go of Deu\'s hand. London recovers and takes both Deu and Pai to where the rest of the team is being beaten by two Jaguar Members. As they are knocked out, Deu rouses herself using the pain of Sanim\'s passing, and fights with London and the other two members in turn, defeating each of them.'] ['After the armies of the Eight-Nation Alliance occupied Beijing, the collapse of the Qing Dynasty is imminent. Wong Fei-hung and his companions return to Foshan in southern China and prepare to move to Hong Kong . In the meantime, Wong Fei-hung develops a love triangle with his romantic interests 13th Aunt and 14th Aunt. When they arrive at the port town, they see that the town is in a desolate state, as the authorities had fled with all the public funds, leaving the local army garrison without any money or food. The situation worsens with the presence of pirates, who terrorise the coast and seal off the sea route. Wong and his companions decide to form a local crime prevention force to deal with the threats, leading to three confrontations with the pirates and eventual victory for the protagonists. Wong and his family decide to settle in Hong Kong to help the local government maintain peace and security.'] ['The story revolves around Lung, a poor, young fishmonger who aspires to learn kung-fu. After a late delivery of fish to the local, wealthy Yan family he is subjected to a savage and humiliating assault by two of Yan\'s sons. Although Lung\'s interest in kung-fu was limited to spying on a local school, this incident forces him to approach Teacher Ho, the Drunken-style kung-fu expert who runs the school. In spite of his plea for a place at the school Ho is adamant that the school is full. In order to get rid of Lung, the teacher tricks him into getting drunk resulting in Lung passing out. Lung awakes to find himself in the country-side faced with the presence of a deadly cobra. Enter Koo Ting-sang, a Monkey-form kung-fu expert, who saves Lung from the life-threatening predicament. Lung returns to Ho and manages to talk his way into getting a place at the school, but only as a \'cleaner-up.\' One day, Teacher Ho catches his students ganging up on Lung and, impressed by Lung\'s courage, gives him a place as a student. Lung pays a visit to Koo Ting-sang with a gift in acknowledgment of Koo\'s earlier favour; in turn Koo offers Lung tuition in Monkey-style, however upon learning that his would-be teacher is in fact a real monkey, Lung declines the offer. Instead, Lung shows off his newly acquired Drunken-style skill to Koo Ting-sang by taking revenge on the Yan brothers who have conveniently arrived to take control of Koo\'s land. A result of this revenge is for the Yan family to complain to Teacher Ho directly. Whilst Ho doesn\'t appreciate the attention brought about by his student\'s actions, he is less pleased about the Yan family\'s arrogant manner and a brawl ensues resulting in the Yan family returning home, beaten and humiliated. Whilst licking their wounds, the father is informed by an aide that two Snake-style experts happen to be passing through the area and so he summons them to assassinate Teacher Ho. Lung arrives at the school to find Ho being attacked by the Snake-stylists, Hsia Sa and his partner. Despite helping his teacher the assassins defeat them both and kill Teacher Ho. Barely conscious, Lung staggers to Koo Ting-sang to describe what happened. Koo Ting-sang realises that he fought and defeated one of the Snake-style experts in the opening sequence to the movie and that they could be after him as revenge. Indeed, this turns out to be true and Koo Ting-sang, who could handle one "snake," is defeated by the combined power of two. Lung, determined to avenge the death of Ho and Koo, constructs a training ground to develop his technique further. The viewer is taken through a prolonged scene involving Lung balancing upon pots and the use of an elaborate rotating wooden dummy, as well as a pivotal scene of Koo\'s master, a monkey, killing a snake. This sight gives Lung the idea of mixing some Monkey-style with his Drunken technique. The final fight between Lung and the two Snake-style experts takes place on an open, grassy terrain. Lung symbolically bites the hand of his opponent, mimicking the way Koo\'s monkey killed the snake, in the final killing move.'] ['The plot centers on a masked pugilist known as "Iron Monkey". Iron Monkey is actually the alter ego of a Chinese physician named Yang Tianchun. In the day, Yang runs his clinic and provides free medical treatment for the poor, which he subsidizes by charging his rich patients. At night, he dresses in black and travels around town to rob the rich and help the poor. Once, he breaks into the governor\'s residence and makes off with a hoard of gold. The guards and four Shaolin monks are unable to stop him. The governor orders the chief constable, Fox, to hunt down Iron Monkey and to arrest anyone who is linked to monkeys in any way. Fox appears to be a bungler who is not aware that Iron Monkey is actually the physician who is treating his injured men who had fought with Iron Monkey the previous night. In the meantime, a physician-martial artist from Foshan, named Wong Kei-ying, arrives in town with his young son, Wong Fei-hung. Wong Kei-ying fights with street thugs who attempt to rob him and some soldiers who have been observing the fight nearby suspect that Wong is Iron Monkey and they arrest him and his son. During the trial, the governor orders Wong Fei-hung to be branded for defiance, but Iron Monkey shows up and disrupts the proceedings. Wong Kei-ying is eager to prove his innocence and he fights with Iron Monkey. Neither of them is able to defeat his opponent and Iron Monkey escapes. The governor is impressed by Wong Kei-ying\'s skill and he holds Wong Fei-hung hostage to force Wong Kei-ying to help him capture Iron Monkey in seven days. The locals despise Wong Kei-ying for assisting the governor in capturing their hero, so they refuse to sell him food or provide him with shelter. Wong eventually arrives at Yang\'s clinic and is taken in by Yang and Miss Orchid, while he is still unaware of Yang\'s true identity. With help from Fox, Yang manages to bring Wong Fei-hung, who has fallen sick, out of prison and keeps him in his clinic. Wong Fei-hung learns new martial arts from Yang and Miss Orchid, during his stay with them. Meanwhile, a Shaolin traitor named Hin-hung, who has become an imperial official, arrives in town with his followers. Hin-hung takes over as the new governor. Iron Monkey and Wong Kei-ying run into Hin-hung and his men in two separate encounters and they are severely wounded by him. They retreat back to the clinic, where Wong is surprised to discover that Yang is actually Iron Monkey. They assist each other and recover from their wounds quickly. Concurrently, Hin-hung orders his men to search the town for Iron Monkey and Wong Kei-ying, but Chief Fox gets to the clinic first to warn Orchid: It turns out that Chief Fox has known the Iron Monkey\'s identity all along and has secretly helped to protect him. Hin-hung\'s men eventually find their way to the clinic and they engage Orchid in a fight. When Orchid proves far too skillful for the monks, they drug her and attempt to rape her. She is saved by Fei Hung, who continues the battle with the monks using the staff skills he had learnt from Yang and Orchid. Although Fei-hung is able to defeat the monks, he is captured and tortured. Orchid escapes to warn Wong Kei-Ying and Iron Monkey. Iron Monkey and Wong Kei-ying  break into the governor\'s residence to rescue Fei-hung. They have a final confrontation with Hin-hung on top of burning wooden poles. After an intense fight, Iron Monkey and Wong defeat Hin-hung and knock him down into the inferno below. At the end of the film, the protagonists learn that a new governor has taken office and they hope that he will be a good official. The Wongs leave town for Foshan while Yang and Orchid see them off. Chief Fox says that he would like to visit the Wongs, but that he is too busy "trying to catch that Iron Monkey." After the film, screen captions inform viewers that Yang and Orchid were married, and that Wong Fei-hung, inspired by his father and the Iron Monkey, became a great champion of the Chinese people and restored honor to the Shaolin Society.'] ["The Qianlong Emperor is not the legitimate successor to the throne since at birth he was exchanged with the Yongzheng Emperor's newborn daughter. He learns the truth when two senior members of the Red Flower Society, a subversive anti-government secret organisation, contact him years later, hoping that the emperor will help them in driving the Manchus away. To hide the truth about his heritage, the emperor orders the two men to be killed, although one of them escapes and is captured again later. The Red Flower Society's chief Chen Jialuo turns out to be Qianlong's younger brother, and the two of them develop a tenuous relationship as the society's members attempt to rescue their captured comrade. They unleash an elaborate plan to kidnap the emperor in exchange for their comrade, and hope to persuade the emperor to join their cause. When the exchange takes place, Qianlong must ultimately continue impersonating a Manchu in order to remain in power as ruler of the Qing Empire. Qianlong's chief lieutenant, Zhang Zhaozhong, is bound and determined to wipe out Chen Jialuo and the Red Flower Society. His opportunity comes when a martial arts contest is scheduled to be held."] ['CIA agent Max Reed  witnesses Dr. Tetsu Segawa—a researcher for the mysterious Kronos Corporation—being murdered. Dr. Segawa had stolen an alien device known as “the Guyver” from Kronos.College student Sean Barker, whose girlfriend’s father was Dr. Segawa, finds the Guyver’s hiding spot while watching the forensic team investigating the crime scene. Through further events, the Guyver fuses with Sean and causes him to be covered in a suit of bio-armor. The president of Kronos, Fulton Balcus ([[David Gale , wants the Guyver back and sends his mutant henchmen, the Zoanoids, led by Lisker , to steal it back.'] ["James Iglehart plays African-American prize fighter Cal Jefferson who is on a honeymoon holiday n Hong Kong with his new wife played by Shirley Washington. Cal comes across a drowning Chinese man whom he jumps in the sea to save. This now revived and very grateful mute man turns out to be someone they cannot get rid of. They finally get rid of him or so it seems. They purchase an item in Hong Kong which becomes the center of a gang's attention. The gang led by Kenneth Metcalfe will stop at nothing to retrieve the item. They leave Hong Kong for Manila, the Philippines and find themselves being attacked with the mute Chinese man coming to their assistance.Bamboo Gods & Iron Men at The Deuce, Grindhouse Cinema Database"] ['Ding On  is an orphaned worker at a blade factory called "Sharp Foundry", working alongside many others, including Iron Head . An old master, On\'s dead father\'s friend, runs the factory while his daughter, Ling, who narrates the film, is romantically interested in both On and Iron Head. One day when out delivering the swords On and Iron Head witness a monk fending off a bunch of thugs, who later ambush and kill the monk in retaliation. Iron Head, furious, yells out the name of the factory, swearing revenge and taunting the thugs. Later that day, On discovers that his father died while saving his master from Fei Lung , an infamous tattooed assassin who is rumored to be able to fly. Intent on seeking revenge, On takes his father\'s broken sword  and goes off. Ling goes after him, but gets assaulted by a local gang of bandits. On manages to save her, but loses his right arm in the process and ends up falling off a cliff. He is later found and nursed back to health by a poor hermit-farmer girl he calls Blackie. Thinking himself now useless, he abandons his hopes for revenge, buries his father\'s sword and tries to live a normal life. Meanwhile, Ling and Iron Head set out to find On, with Ling all the while narrating her disillusionment with people and her ideals, becoming especially poignant after Iron Head "saves" a prostitute who he later takes advantage of. Meanwhile, On endures ridicule for being a "cripple" while working in a diner, building up his frustration. He also spots the heavily tattooed man who he recognises as his father\'s assassin, but is unable to take action and is further frustrated. To add to his trouble, the house he lives in is assaulted by thugs who torch it and beat On mercilessly. Afterward, while searching for food within the wreckage, Blackie finds a singed Kung Fu manual hidden there by her parents. On, excited, tries to learn the techniques described in it, but is unable to obtain a good sword and digs up his father\'s broken sword instead. Due to his injury and the book\'s incompleteness his efforts are futile at first, but when driven to rage by his frustration On suddenly makes a breakthrough, developing a devastating spinning technique allowing him to compensate for lack of an arm and his broken weapon.'] [" As the opening credits roll, in a fight between Japanese martial artist, Ryu, and Muay Thai champion Sagat. Ryu scars Sagat with the Shoryuken and ends the fight with a Hadouken. Years later, following the assassination of Albert Sellers, the Minister of Justice in London by Cammy White, a brainwashed MI6 agent under orders from the crime syndicate Shadaloo, Interpol agent Chun-Li requests that they join forces with the U.S. military to conduct a investigation against Shadaloo. However, Captain Guile, who is out for revenge against Shadaloo's leader M. Bison, refuses the alliance, preferring to hunt Bison down alone. Elsewhere, at his base in Thailand, Bison orders a worldwide manhunt for Ryu, having witnessed his spectacular fighting potential during the battle with Sagat who he has now recruited into his criminal organization, along with the Spanish claw-wielding narcissist Vega and the American belligerent boxer Balrog. However, Ryu's ability to hide his power has stopped the monitor cyborgs from detecting him, even during his fights with Fei Long and some Shadowlaw thugs in India. In the United States, Ryu's former training partner and rival Ken Masters is facing problems of his own. Although he is in a relationship with Eliza, he still yearns for a worthy challenge, having fought no one as good as Ryu since they parted ways years before. During a tussle between Ken and Thunder Hawk, a monitor cyborg catches sight of Ken's abilities and notifies Bison, who learns of Ryu and Ken's common history and their near-equal fighting skills. Chun-Li tracks down Guile, showing him he can't do it on his own, and eventually persuades him to put his vendetta on hold and accept Interpol's help. In his first act, Guile warns the Jamaican fighter Dee Jay that Shadaloo is targeting him, and Chun-Li destroys a nearby monitor cyborg to prove it. Watching on a monitor from his VTOL jet, Bison dispatches Vega to kill her. After showering in her apartment, Chun-Li finds herself ambushed by the assassin and a brutal fight ensues. Guile hears the fight and races to the apartment. Though Chun-Li manages to defeat Vega before Guile arrives, she is severely wounded by his iron claw and falls into a coma shortly after Guile arrives on the scene. She is hospitalized and apparently fighting for her life. At the hospital, Guile learns from Interpol about Ken and his past with Ryu. They attempt to find him, but unfortunately, Bison arrives ahead of them and captures Ken, brainwashing him into becoming his newest soldier in Ryu's place. Shortly thereafter, Guile and Interpol manage to locate Ryu, training with E. Honda in the mountains of Thailand. Guile races to his location and warns him about Ken, but Bison suddenly arrives and unleashes Ken upon Ryu. Ken beats Ryu savagely, but Ryu, unwilling to harm his possessed friend, does not fight back. Bison confronts and defeats Guile, but as a final insult leaves him alive, while Balrog emerges from the VTOL and engages Honda who defeats him. Battered and bleeding, Ryu finally resolves to fight back against Ken, but memories of their past together wreak havoc on Ken's mind and he finally breaks free of Bison's influence. Enraged, Bison attacks Ken with his Psycho Power and tosses away his unconscious body. Infuriated, Ryu attempts to do battle with Bison, but has very limited success. As they fight, Ken awakens and uses his master's teachings to mend his broken body and rejoin the battle. Despite Bison's advantages with his Psycho Power, Ryu and Ken join forces and manage to pummel Bison, ending the battle with a combined Hadouken which hits Bison directly and sends him flying into the sky. However, the Hadouken immediately bounces back right into Bison's VTOL, destroying it, with Bison himself nowhere to be found. Interpol destroys Shadaloo's base in Thailand, thus putting an end to the crime syndicate. Guile is called urgently to the hospital. He finds that Chun-Li is awake and overjoyed at the news of Shadaloo's fall, while Guile is delighted that she has woken from her coma. Elsewhere, Ryu and Ken bid each other farewell and part ways once again. As Ryu begins his journey anew, he is ambushed from behind by a huge truck with Bison in the driver's seat, having somehow survived their previous battle. Ryu leaps towards the truck to fight Bison again."] ["Three years after the events of the original film, the authorities are attempting to return law and order to ravaged District 13. The death of gang overlord Taha Ben Mahmoud has left a power vacuum, and total control of the area is now being fought over by five rival territorial gang lords who want to step into Taha's position. After taking out a major drug dealer, Damien is framed for drug dealing and arrested, but manages to make a call to Leïto. Meanwhile, corrupt government agents from the Department of Internal State Security , led by Gassman are bent on destroying the five tower blocks at the heart of District 13 with tactical precision bombing, and building luxury flats after the area is cleared. In order to spark conflict with the district's gangs, they shoot several cops, dump their car in District 13, and prompt several gang members into gunning down the vehicle. The footage of the incident convinces the President to carry out the strike. However, a group of teens videotaped the agents as they shot the cops themselves. The DISS agents soon come after the teen to arrest him and seize the recording, but the youth manages to slip his memory card to Leïto. Leïto escapes the cops in District 13 and goes to rescue Damien. After freeing Damien from his cell, they discuss the events and further plans, resolving to gather enough proof to expose the DISS agents. While Damien distracts the guards, Leïto breaks into Gassman's office to steal his hard-drive for the evidence that they need. Once they escape and return to District 13, Damien and Leïto convince the five gang lords to band together to prevent the destruction of the district. While the French president struggles with the decision to destroy District 13 even with the area evacuated, a large number of gang members storm parliament. When they eventually reach the president and show him the information that they acquired, Gassman takes the president hostage and tries to force him to carry out the mass demolition. Leïto, Damien, and the gang lords succeed in freeing the president and incapacitating Gassman, earning the president's thanks and a promise to fund District 13's restoration. With the conflict over and District 13 completely evacuated, the gang lords then decide that it would be better to rebuild District 13 anew rather than try to patch up its remnants. The movie ends with the president authorizing the strike and breathing a sigh of relief. At the credits, there is a short clip showing the president, the gang lords, Damien and Leïto all joking around and smoking cigars together."] ['Street tough Zamir has been in love with Kim ever since he rescued her from rapists, but the only way that he can express his affection is to attack any man who shows interest in her. Kim tolerates Zamir\'s infatuation, but keeps him at arm\'s length. When Max Kalba arrives in town to take vengeance on Kim\'s father, Zamir attempts to rescue her once again. Kalba overpowers Zamir and kidnaps Kim\'s father, who is the Master at the Korean martial arts school. Kim and Zamir flee and take refuge with a mystic dwarf named Nik Nak, who explains that Kalba will kill everyone linked to the "Sect" of martial artists to which Kim and Zamir\'s fathers belonged. A series of flashbacks reveal a love triangle between Kim\'s parents and Kalba, which resulted in her mother\'s suicide. While Zamir trains with a drunken Sect member named Jose Soto, Kalba\'s minions kidnap Kim. Zamir learns to fight in the "Zeta" style and is given a pair of bladed spurs for his feet. He arrives at Kalba\'s headquarters and easily cuts through Kalba\'s minions to fight the man himself. Kalba taunts Zamir with the fact that he has murdered Zamir\'s mother, and gains the upper hand. On the brink of defeat, Zamir takes strength from his love of Kim and kills Kalba. Later, Zamir checks up on Kim, and she grants him a second kiss in thanks. He departs to reunite with Jose Soto, whom he has learned is his father.'] ['Russell Wong starred as Jian-Wa Chang, a musician who escaped from the People\'s Republic of China after being involved in a student demonstration against the government. He and his brother Wago escaped to the USA; he pursued his music while Wago became drawn to a life of organized crime. Wago and two US Federal Agents are killed; Jian-Wa is held responsible, but a Vietnamese mafioso known as "The General"  is behind the murders. Jian-Wa becomes a fugitive, using his wisdom, music, and martial arts skills to solve problems along the way, on his quest to bring "The General" to justice. As he helps others while traveling, he is aided by the spirit of his murdered brother Wago. In the series, Jian-Wa is constantly on the run from ruthless Federal Agent Dan Sandler , the direct superior to the agents killed in the two-hour films. Agent Judith Phillips  was a member of Sandler\'s team who was convinced that Jian-Wa was innocent and she gradually became his ally. This put her at great odds with Sandler. The series was canceled after the first thirteen episodes aired.'] ['The film opens with the chief Shaolin Monks realizing that time is not on their side and they must train more fighters to fight the Qings. The monk Hai Hsien  opposes this as he is secretly working for the court. Outside many men are sitting in front of the temple waiting to be accepted in, Fang Shih Yu , Ma Chao-hsing  and others, as the temple tests the will of potential students by making them wait outside for days, eventually the two are accepted in for “training”. Fang Shih Yu becomes frustrated immediately as Shaolin methods of teaching martial arts are rather obscure, although Ma Chao-hsing begins learning the five animal styles from the start. Elsewhere, escaped Ming soldiers Tsai Te-cheng , Hu Te-ti , Yen Yung-chun , and Ma Fu Yi  arrive close to Shaolin looking for a place to hide from the Qing. Hu Te-ti suggests they go to Shaolin and they are instantly accepted, which frustrates three more students trying to get acceptance into the temple, Lin Kwong Yao , Huang Sung Han , and Hu Hui Chien . The three are eventually accepted and begin their obscure training. Tsai Te-cheng learns the wing chun style from a strange female monk and Hu Te-ti learns the iron whip. This forces Hai Hsein to secretly go to the court and report to Prince Hoo  that Shaolin has been training new fighters. The Qing scheme to destroy Shaolin. Hai Hsein returns to Shaolin looking to recruit more traitors to set up the temple for a raid. All the accepted students become close friends and proficient in their kung fu, except for Fang Shih Yu . He keeps getting into fights with Ma Fu Yi, who is disgruntled with being at Shaolin. A mysterious figure at night  begins teaching Fang Shih Yu the tiger-crane style and he defeats Ma Fu Yi in a friendly spar. This sparks the curiosity of Hai Hsein as he takes Ma Fu Yi under his wing and recruits him as a traitor. Things begin to go sour at the temple due to the treachery of Hai Hsein and Ma Fu Yi and it is eventually attacked by thousands of Qing soldiers, and an all-out battle occurs at Shaolin Temple with only 8 men escaping…'] ["Two thousand years ago, the demon Piccolo came to Earth, wreaking havoc with his minion Ōzaru. Seven mystics created the Mafuba and thought they sealed him away for eternity. However, Piccolo breaks free and with his beautiful follower Mai, begins to search for the seven Dragonballs , killing anyone in his way. On his 18th birthday, a young high-school student and martial artist named Goku is given the 4-Star Dragonball by his grandfather,{{cite web}} Grandpa Gohan. Returning home from a party hosted by his crush Chi-Chi, Goku finds his home destroyed and his grandfather near death after Piccolo's failed attempt to acquire the Dragonball. Before he dies, Gohan tells Goku to seek out martial arts master Muten Roshi, who holds another one of the Dragonballs. Along the way, Goku meets Bulma Briefs of the Capsule Corporation, who was studying the 5-Star Dragonball until it was stolen by Mai. Goku offers Bulma his protection in exchange for her help in finding Roshi. They ultimately track him down in Paozu City. Under Roshi's wing, Goku begins training his Ki, knowing that they must get all the Dragonballs before the next solar eclipse, when Ōzaru will return and join with Piccolo. In the midst of the group's search for the 6-star Dragonball, they fall into a trap set by the desert bandit Yamcha but Roshi convinces Yamcha to join them. Together, the group fight off an ambush by Mai and successfully get the next Dragonball. As the group continues their quest, they travel to a temple where Roshi consults his former teacher Sifu Norris and begins preparing the Mafuba enchantment so he can reseal Piccolo, while Goku must learn the most powerful of the ki-bending techniques: the Kamehameha. During the night, Mai{{spaced ndash}}disguised as Chi-Chi{{spaced ndash}}steals the team's three Dragonballs, adding them to the ones that Piccolo already has. With the Dragonballs successfully united, Piccolo begins to summon Shen Long, but is stopped by the timely arrival of Goku's team. During the ensuing battle, Piccolo reveals to Goku that he is Ōzaru, having been sent to Earth as an infant to destroy it when he came of age. As the eclipse begins, Goku transforms into Ōzaru while Roshi attempts to use the Mafuba, but he doesn't have enough energy to live before he can re-seal Piccolo. Roshi's dying words restore Goku to his senses as he is choked to death by Ozaru, and he engages Piccolo in a final battle, seemingly defeating him with the power of the Kamehameha. Goku then uses the Dragonballs to summon Shen Long, and request that he restore Roshi to life. As they celebrate, they realize the Dragonballs have now scattered, and Bulma declares that they must seek the balls again. Before they head out, Goku meets with Chi-Chi to get to know her better, and they begin a sparring match to see which of them is stronger. In a post-credits scene, Piccolo is alive and being cared for by an old woman."] ['The Chinese Navy led by its captain  is attempting to defend its coastline from a Japanese attack, they send their commando unit led by Szu Shih into the mainland to enlist help to thwart the Japanese before they attack. Japanese officers have been hanging out in a place owned by David Chiang and his hot-headed body guard Fu Sheng but they are secretly opposed to the Japanese. The commandos enlist the help of Chiang and Sheng to kill the Japanese officers led by Shan Mao and destroy their attacking ships.'] ['A former cop turned Los Angeles P.I. takes on a case of a missing diamond cutter that leads him on an adventure of love and villainy spanning dei mafiosi to the present day Jewelry District.'] ['Jack Cole  was once a government intelligence operative known as "The Glimmer Man," because he could move so quickly and quietly through the jungle that his victims would only see a glimmer before they died. Having left the Glimmer Man job behind him, Cole - steeped in buddhism and not used to working with others - has become a detective with the Los Angeles Police Department. Cole is partnered with Jim Campbell , a tough, no-nonsense cop who has little patience for Cole\'s New Age philosophies and outsider attitude. Cole and Campbell have to set aside their differences when they\'re assigned to track down a serial killer called "The Family Man," for his habit of killing entire households. The Family Man\'s latest victims turn out to be Cole\'s former wife Ellen and her current husband Andrew Dunleavy - and Cole\'s fingerprints are found on Ellen\'s body. Cole and Campbell think that Cole\'s former bosses in the government may somehow be involved in the killings. Cole contacts his friend Smith ([[Brian Cox , unaware that he has been working with local crime boss Frank Deverell . Cole and Campbell receive a tip that leads them to Christopher Maynard , who admits that he committed the Family Man murders that happened before Cole arrived in Los Angeles. Someone else has been committing the more recent murders and making it look like Maynard\'s work. Cole fatally shoots Maynard in self defense. Cole, hoping to get a lead on the new killer, goes to the home of Deverell\'s Russian translator Celia Roslov , who was a victim of the killer. The killer attacks Cole, and later sets Campbell\'s home on fire. Cole and Campbell discover that Deverell\'s stepson Johnny  knows some important information. Johnny tells Cole and Campbell that Deverell\'s right-hand man, Donald Cunningham , is the new killer who has been making his killings look like Maynard\'s work. Johnny also tells them that Smith has been working with Deverell. Cole and Campbell confront Smith, who says that Deverell is smuggling chemical weapons into the USA from Russia, with plans to sell the weapons to a group of Serbian terrorists. Smith made the contacts, with the deal being cut by a group of Russian terrorists known as the Russian Liberation Fighters. The meeting for the deal is scheduled to take place at a downtown welfare hotel. Cole and Campbell storm the hotel, where Cunningham fatally shoots Deverell, and Cole kills Cunningham by throwing him through a window and onto a wrought iron fence below. Campbell, having been shot, tells Cole that, ever since he met him, he\'s been nothing but trouble. Cole says he\'ll keep that in mind, as Campbell is taken away in an ambulance.'] ['The story follows Kurt Sloane , a cornerman for his brother Eric , an American kickboxing champion. Kurt and Eric travel to Bangkok to challenge Tong Po , Thailand\'s undefeated champion. After a brutal first round, Kurt realizes that they are outmatched by Tong Po and tries to convince his brother to stop the fight. Unwilling to give up, Eric returns for the second round and continues to take a vicious beating, finally prompting Kurt to throw in the towel. But Tong Po ignores him and continues the assault, which ultimately leaves Eric paralyzed from the waist down. Eric is then carried outside and left on the street without any help, until Winston, a retired American Special Forces member, agrees to take the brothers to the hospital. Furious, Kurt vows to avenge his brother and defeat Tong Po in the ring. Though reluctant at first, Winston eventually tells him about Xian Chow, a locally famous trainer living in a remote area of Thailand. Upon locating Xian, Kurt is able to convince the man to train him in the art of Muay Thai . While training, Kurt attempts to foil the operations of a group of Thai mobsters led by Freddy Li, who continuously threaten and steal money from Xian\'s niece, Mylee. After Kurt makes short work of the thugs in a bar fight, Xian is able to arrange a match with Tong Po on Kurt\'s behalf. It is determined that they will fight in the "ancient way", in which both fighters wrap their hands in hemp rope, which is then coated in resin and dipped in broken glass to make them deadly weapons. In the days leading up to the match, Mylee is beaten and raped by Tong Po, and Eric is kidnapped by Freddy Li\'s henchmen for the purpose of blackmailing Kurt into losing the fight. To save his brother\'s life, Kurt is instructed to go the distance with Po before losing the match. He endures a torturous beating, but fortunately, Xian and Winston are able to locate and rescue Eric before the fight concludes. With his brother free from danger, Kurt manages to find a second wind and ultimately defeats Tong Po. Kurt also kicks Freddy Li.'] ['After his untimely death, Bruce Lee  wakes up to find himself in the "Underworld". He meets the King of the Underworld and questions his power. The King demonstrates his displeasure by shaking a pole that can cause an earthquake through the Underworld, which gives Bruce pause. Bruce goes to a restaurant, where he meets Kwai Chang Caine from the TV show Kung Fu and cartoon sailor Popeye. He also meets Dracula, James Bond, Zatoichi, and Clint Eastwood, with whom he does not become friends. These pop culture characters, along with The Godfather, The Exorcist, and Emmanuelle, are planning a coup to take over the Underworld. Among their schemes, the characters send Emmanuelle to have energetic sex with the womanizing King in the hopes that he will have a heart attack. Bruce defeats the bad guys, but is angered by the King\'s repeated use of his dangerous earthquake-inducing pole. Bruce threatens to kill the King unless the King lets him go back to Earth, which he does.'] ['A roving band of Japanese karate fighters led by a masked, long-haired warrior  enter a remote village in China hoping to get their hands on the local supply of "Dragon Herb." There they come into conflict with a group of Chinese kung fu fighters seeking to defend the herb. Tensions escalate, and the Chinese are defeated in several fights with the clearly superior Japanese force. Luckily, help arrives in the form of an outlaw kung fu expert , who faces off against the Japanese leader in a climactic fight on the beach.'] ['The story starts with Lord Ting Chung  getting hired to escort a women\'s sick brother to the doctor, but he does it for free. To get there they must pass through "Stormy Hills", an area of Ancient China controlled by criminals. Then the sick man turns out to be the king of the criminals and is not really sick, he is just trying to reclaim his throne from an imposter. The king had previously murdered Ting Chung\'s father and now Ting Chung has to fight for his life to get out and also to avenge his father.'] ['Jason Hsia Ling-chi  is a dedicated, by the books prosecutor who has tried to maintain patience and tolerance under the somewhat flimsy laws of the court. However, when his mentor is publicly gunned down in New Zealand and when the key witness of Ha\'s latest case and his entire family are wiped out over night, Ha can no longer go by the book. Hsia initial plan is to take the law into his own hands and kill the two men he believes called for his witness\' murder. He is successful in killing the first, which causes the Hong Kong police department to wake up and take action to regain order. Enter Senior Inspector Cindy Si , who is put on the case to find the killer under her superior Sergeant Wong Jing-wai . However, when Hsia goes to kill the second defendant, Chow Ting-kwong , he is already dead. Unbeknownst to them, both of the defendants were working under an even higher power, known only as "Crown". However, it is soon discovered that "Crown" is none other than Sergeant Wong, who was also Chow\'s killer. Once Si realizes that Wong is the true mastermind behind all of the recent murders taking place, she and Ha finally work together to bring him in to prove he is not "above the law". However, depending on the version of the story told, both Si and Hsia fall victim to their ambition, with Si killed with a large screw through the neck by Wong and Hsia falling to his demise after killing Wong in an out of control airplane. However, in another version of the story, Si survives her attack from Wong, and while Hsia still kills Wong, he falls victim to a different, and rather ironic, fate: Hsia is given an eight year sentence in prison under the charge of manslaughter , or a life sentence in prison under the charge of First Degree Murder .'] ["Raizo ([[Rain  is raised by the Ozunu Clan to become the most lethal ninja assassin in the world. As a child, Raizo  was taken in by Lord Ozunu  and is enrolled in severe brutal training to become the next successor of their clan. The only generosity he ever receives was from a kunoichi named Kiriko , with whom he develops a romantic bond. As time goes on, Kiriko becomes disenchanted with the Ozunu's routine and wishes to abandon it for freedom. One rainy night, Kiriko decides to make her escape and encourages Raizo to join her; however he decides to stay. Branded as a traitor, Kiriko was caught and later executed in front of Raizo by her elder ninja brother Takeshi . As a result of Kiriko's death, Raizo begins to harbor resentment and doubt towards the Ozunu. However, this is shown to be in the past. The scene switches to the present where a disguised female assassin  attempts to kill Raizo at a laundromat. He successfully fends off all her attacks and succeeds in killing her, leaving her remains in the washing machine.The scene switches back to the past where Raizo is seated in a car and is instructed by Lord Ozunu to successfully complete his first assassination mission. Afterwards, Raizo meets the rest of his clan atop a city skyscraper in Berlin. There he is instructed by Lord Ozunu to execute another kunoichi traitor like Kiriko. He rebels against Lord Ozunu by cutting his face with a kyoketsu-shoge and engages in combat against his fellow ninja kin. Barely surviving, he falls over the edge of the skyscraper and into a nearby pool. Raizo recovers from his ordeal and begins to intervene and foil subsequent Ozunu assassination attempts. Meanwhile, Europol agent Mika Coretti  has been investigating money-linked political murders and finds out that they are possibly connected to the Ozunu. She defies her superior, Ryan Maslow , and retrieves secret agency files to find out more about the investigation. Mika meets Raizo and convinces him to see Maslow for protection as well as to provide evidence against the Ozunu. However, Raizo is arrested by Maslow and abducted by agents from Europol for interrogation. Although feeling betrayed, Mika is assured by Maslow that he is still on her side and gives her a tracking device for emergencies. The Ozunu ninja infiltrate the Europol safehouse where Raizo is being held in an attempt to kill him and everybody inside. Mika frees Raizo and they both manage to escape, but Raizo suffers near-mortal wounds. Mika then takes him to a motel to hide. Resting in the motel, Mika implants the tracking device into Raizo, as the ninjas remain in pursuit. Unable to fend off the Ozunu, she hides outside the motel until Special Forces arrive to help her. By the time they arrive, the ninjas have already kidnapped Raizo, bringing him before Lord Ozunu for prosecution. During transport back to the Ozunu, Raizo uses his ninja techniques to heal his own wounds. Europol special forces and tactical teams led by Maslow storm the secluded Ozunu retreat  using the tracking device on Raizo. Raizo kills Takeshi and confronts Lord Ozunu in a sword duel. Mika interferes to help, but is stabbed by Lord Ozunu. Enraged, Raizo uses a 'shadow blending' technique for the first time to distract and kill Lord Ozunu. Mika, seemingly fatally wounded, is in fact saved by a quirk of birth: her heart is actually on the opposite side of her chest. After Europol leaves, Raizo stays behind to tend to the ruins of the Ozunu retreat. He later climbs the same wall Kiriko did while trying to escape in the past, and looks out at the surrounding countryside. He then recognizes his freedom for the first time."] ["It is the Ming Dynasty and bonfires burn in a moonlit wasteland. Yehe Changgong duels with Manchu warrior Nalan but purposely loses and relinquishes his title of Supreme Master of Martial Arts. He retires to the sleepy Sideroad Town, nestled in the shadow of the Imperial City, where he intends to see out the rest of his days peacefully, playing his erhu. Mingyue Xin catches his eye and they begin a musical duel, half seduction, and half stand-off. They agree to meet on the roof of the Royal Palace at the next full moon to finish their sonata. However, their night time rendezvous coincides with a break-in at the Palace by three masked thieves hoping to steal a rumoured treasure map. However, they are beaten to the punch by Xin, a ninja in disguise, who they pursue across the rooftops before cornering her at Lanruo Temple. Changgong pursues them and saves Xin from the clutches of the thieves. In the scuffle, the map is lost and with all five participants injured, they have no choice but to limp off their separate ways until they can track it down. Cut to five years later and the treasure-seeking warriors have come no closer to finding their prize, but have each assumed the disguise of a normal villager. Changgong and Xin run a restaurant - the Dragon Inn - with their adopted daughter Xiaowei, while the three thieves pass themselves off as a shopkeeper, singer and monk. They're all under the thumb of the young landowner, Lord Xu, a spoilt rich kid with a soft spot for Xiaowei. He struggles to gain the respect of the villagers and to collect their rent, until he lets obliviously slip that he is the custodian of the treasure map. Later mayor Gu Yuejin accidentally sends a pigeon about the treasure in the Imperial City. Loads of army come including the second army, led by Nalan. Xin, Xiaowei and Xu follow the treasure to claim the treasure while Changgong and Nalan engage in another duel. All five of them later encountered the treasure which turns out to be a spade. Nalan throws the spade away but later falls on him, killing him. The film ends with a party of all the citizens of the Sideroad Town."] ["Shing Lung  is a youngster, living in a remote village with his grandfather, kung fu master Chen Peng-fei ([[James Tien . Lung does not take his training seriously enough, he gambles, and he gets into fights which lead him to display the skills his grandfather has told him he must keep secret. Lung briefly finds employment selling coffins, working for an unscrupulous proprietor , who even stoops to selling second-hand coffins. Lung is fired when he accidentally traps his boss in one of the coffins. After making his escape, he runs into three thugs he'd beaten up earlier, who ask him to teach them kung fu. Lung meets their sifu, Ti Cha , the unskilled leader of the Everything Clan. Master Ti offers Lung a lucrative job training his students and fighting against the top fighters from rival schools. This boosts the reputation of the school and of the scheming Master Ti. However, Lung makes the mistake of naming the school under the Sien Yi clan name. This comes to the attention of evil kung fu master Yen Ting Hua , who finds and kills Lung's grandfather. But, Lung eventually takes revenge for his grandfather's murder after undergoing rigorous training from The Unicorn ."] ['The brash and ambitious Fong Sai-yuk meets the beautiful Ting-ting during a track and field competition and falls in love with her. Ting-ting is the daughter of the hot-headed hooligan Tiger Lui. Tiger Lui stages a martial arts competition for interested men to participate and win his daughter\'s hand in marriage. The contestant must defeat Tiger Lui\'s wife, Siu-wan, in order to win. Fong Sai-yuk joins the contest at his friends\' urging and defeats Siu-wan. He catches a glimpse of his future bride, who is actually a servant maid to replace the temporarily missing Ting-ting. Fong Sai-yuk decides to forfeit the match and leaves. Fong Sai-yuk\'s mother, Miu Chui-fa, enters the contest in disguise as a man to help her son win back the lost glory. She defeats Siu-wan and knocks her off the scaffold. Miu Chui-fa catches Siu-wan as she falls and they land safely on the ground. After that intimate moment together, Siu-wan becomes romantically attracted to Miu Chui-fa, as she is unaware that Miu is actually a woman in disguise. Tiger Lui forces Miu Chui-fa to marry his daughter. To save his mother from embarrassment, Fong Sai-yuk marries Ting-ting on behalf of his "brother" , and is confined in his father-in-law\'s house. He is unaware that his bride is actually his love interest and they fight in the dark. They discover each other\'s identities eventually. Miu Chui-fa manages to persuade Tiger Lui to let her son return home. Just then, Fong Sai-yuk\'s father, Fong Tak, returns home from a trip. Fong Sai-yuk discovers that his father is a member of the Red Flower Society, an underground resistance movement that aims to overthrow the ruling Ching Dynasty. While Fong Tak is having a conversation with fellow members, they are ambushed by the Governor of Nine Gates and his soldiers. The Governor demands that Fong Tak hand over the name list of the society\'s members, but the latter refuses. Just then, Fong Sai-yuk and his mother appear, and Fong fights with the Governor and holds him off until his parents have escaped to safety. Fong Sai-yuk and his parents hide in their in-laws\' house to evade the authorities, but the Governor pays a visit to Tiger Lui and recognizes them. In the ensuing battle, Fong Tak is captured while Siu-wan dies from a gunshot wound. Fong Sai-yuk lies to his mother that his father has been rescued and decides to save his father alone without letting her know. He attempts to storm the execution ground and fights with the Governor to save his father. At the critical moment, Miu Chui-fa appears together with the Red Flower Society\'s members and their leader, Chan Ka-lok. They defeat the Governor and his men and succeed in freeing Fong Tak. Before the film ends, Fong Sai-yuk becomes Chan Ka-lok\'s godson and he joins his godfather on their noble quest as they ride off towards the sunset together.'] ['The film focuses on a branch leader position has opened up in Chicken\'s group and he is up against Barbarian to get it. The "Hung Hing" triad has to deal with finding a new successor to be the head of the Hung Hing group and they get the old boss\' brother who resides in Thailand. Young and Dangerous 4 also brings in new characters in the "Hung Hing" group such as Ben Hon, Sister 13, and Prince. Because, before the Hongxing society leading Jiang Tiansheng has killed the entire community into the Realm of the rudderless. Chen Yao-led Societies six recruited to travel to Thailand, invited Jiang Tiansheng\'s brother Jiang day raising as a new faucet. However, Yao-Yang, the Eastern Star News Agency, one of the "Eastern Star Fab Five", but took the opportunity to kill Han Bin brother dinosaur, Tuen Mun, recruited to produce the vacancy. Soon, Jiang day raise promised to return to Hong Kong took over as the new leading and decided to chose one person as the new Tuen Mun recruited from the pheasant and Health aboriginal two of them. How material Chan Ho-nam deep "in rivers and lakes, involuntarily," helpless, and therefore urged pheasant not the place for recruited. Just, pheasants do not want to miss this opportunity, still insisted on competition, recruited, but the brothers philosophies, big day, led by the hand down the assassination of Health aboriginal unfortunately seriously injured, is fortunate enough to fly help solve the problem, but Yao-Yang know the big day hiding place with Nutty Li will be two from a tall building left, two of the big day unfortunately jumped to death, but the pheasant has not revoked the contention recruited by the idea. In addition, raw Fan Nutty Li and Yao-Yang strong support, competitive momentum soared. The film ends at mission complete a Chan Ho-Nam as exclusive and Chicken Chiu as vice-exclusive officialy successful of excelent at the snapshot to potraits as the background and screen fades to black and the movie ends it was officially reinnaugurated by Young and Dangerous 5 it was officially premiered on New Year\'s Day 1998.'] ["Dragon Tiger Gate is an academy established by two powerful martial artists. The academy aims to train students with martial arts in order to uphold justice and combat the threat of the triads. The academy is also a haven for children who had been orphaned by triads. The story begins with the two sons, who were born to different mothers, of Wong, one of the founders of the academy. The older is named Dragon and the younger is named Tiger. When the boys were young, Dragon's mother left the academy and gave Dragon half of a jade amulet pendant and told him that his half-brother Tiger has the other half. When Dragon's mother was killed in a fire, Dragon was taken into the care of triad boss named Ma Kun and he grew up to become his bodyguard. Ma Kun's gang is a subject of the evil Luocha Cult. Several years later, Tiger and his friends are dining in a restaurant and encounter Ma Kun and his men, who are receiving the Luocha Plaque. The plaque is a symbol of authority within the Luocha Cult and indicates that the holder is second only to the cult's leader Shibumi. Ma Kun and the leader of the White Lions Gang were arguing over the plaque when Tiger interrupts and starts a fight with the gangsters. They manage to seize the plaque. Just then, Dragon appears and fights with Tiger, whom he does not recognise to be his half-brother. Ma Kun calls for Dragon to pull back. Later that night, Dragon confronts Tiger and his friends at a Japanese restaurant to take back the plaque. Tiger and his friends have been drugged by Scaly, another of Ma Kun's lackeys, who also wanted to seize back the plaque to prove to his boss that he is the better man. Scaly and his followers fight Dragon over possession of the plaque. Turbo Shek, another diner at the restaurant, is aroused by the commotion and he joins in the fight on Dragon's side. Dragon and Turbo defeat Scaly and his men and Dragon takes back the plaque from Tiger. Just then, Tiger discovers that Dragon has the other half of the jade amulet pendant and realises that Dragon is actually his half-brother. Turbo follows Tiger back to Dragon Tiger Gate and wants to be enrolled into the academy to improve his martial arts. He is refused by the current leader of the academy, Master Wong, for his arrogance. Dismayed, Turbo waits outside the academy and promises not to leave unless he is accepted in as student. Master Wong agrees to spar with Turbo and defeats Turbo easily. Turbo is humbled and accepted by Master Wong as a student. Meanwhile, Ma Kun returns the Luocha Plaque to signify his retirement. He is supported by Dragon, who wants to return to Dragon Tiger Gate, and his daughter Ma Xiaoling, who wants a simple life. Shibumi sees this as an insult and sends his henchmen, the Double Devils, to kill Ma Kun. He uses his subordinate Lousha to lure Dragon away while his minions kill Ma Kun. Dragon realises that he had been tricked and return to rescue Ma Kun but it is too late. Dragon slays the Double Devils after a vicious fight and leaves Ma Xiaoling in his brother's care before leaving. Shibumi was impressed with Dragon for defeating his henchmen and goes to Dragon Tiger Gate to issue a challenge. With Dragon not present, Master Wong, Tiger and Turbo takes on Shibumi's challenge but were utterly defeated. Master Wong is killed by Shibumi while Tiger and Turbo are severely wounded. Ma Xiaoling brings Tiger and Turbo to Mount Baiyun to seek help from Master Qi. Master Qi heals the wounded Tiger and Turbo, and teaches them new martial arts techniques to fight Shibumi. Tiger and Turbo storm into Shibumi's Black Pagoda to stop him from committing evil acts once and for all. Although their martial arts abilities have greatly improved since the last time they fought, they are still not Shibumi's match. At the critical moment, Dragon appears and fights Shibumi, eventually defeating him. Before the film ends, Dragon returns to Dragon Tiger Gate together with Tiger and Turbo."] ['The Venoms , a group of broke street performers take on a corrupt general  who has assumed power by assassinating his superior. The son of the murdered general , now homeless, turns to his friends to help him get revenge. The smartest of the bunch  initially thinks it’s a bad idea as the army, led by Wang Li has guns and rifles. Kuo eventually comes up with a successful plan to steal some guns to get revenge but guards arrive before they can get bullets . After Lo Mang decides to go solo, he is killed by Wang Li’s kung fu. Kuo, and the other three venoms decide to use brains instead of brawn to take revenge for Lo Mang. Lu Feng poses as a visiting government official with the other venoms as his assistants, and as a peace token offers Wang Li the stolen guns . Wang Li thinks Lu Feng will promote him so he agrees to a fake plan by Lu Feng to go get more guns from a warehouse and send his soldiers to a non-existent battle. Wang Li and his three of his best fighters go to the warehouse but are ambushed by the Venoms as they get revenge for Lo Mang and his father.'] ['The chief of Mount Hua and the leaders of Eight Schools sends famed martial artist, Guo Jiou Ru to locate a coveted manual written by the late King of the Martial World. Split into two parts, the manual details skills to turn the practitioner into a supreme fighter. The Yin family possesses one of the books while the Winged Tiger, Teng Fei has the other. In a bid to secure the manuals for himself, the King of Hades sets up his sister to marry Teng Fei. Guo, with his proficiency in ventriloquism and comparable skills to Teng Fei, is to impersonate him and infiltrate the Yin household to steal away the other manual.'] ["Thiyagu , a Medical College Student, leads a gang of four to abduct corrupt politicians and bureaucrats who use the loophole in law to enjoy their prison term in hospitals or guest houses. Deiva , a school girl and daughter of Sandana pandian , a police officer on the trail of the mysterious gang, has a crush on Thiyagu. She is not aware of his real identity. The reason for Thiyagu to take up illegal activities is out of frustration. His collegemate Kavitha  commits suicide when she doesn't get any support from him in her effort to expose a drug sale racket in the medical college. This shocked him and spurred him into taking law into his own hands. Nabbed by Sandana pandian and hauled before the special court, Thiyagu reveals the crimes committed by those he had kidnapped. He offers to free them if they are sentenced to life imprisonment. When the judges refuses, the public storm the court. In the melee, Sandana pandian lets the gang members go scot free along with his daughter."] ['It is set in 16th-century Kerala in the northern region. The plot unfolds in the household of Puthooram Veedu, the house of great Kannappan Chekavar . Kannappan adopts the son of his estranged sister when the boy looses both his parents and brings him to Puthooram Veedu to live and learn with his cousins. The boy, Chandu, a quick learner, earns the love and admiration of his uncle, while he is loathed by his cousin Aromal . As they grow up Chandu is betrothed to Aromal’s sister, Unniyarcha . Several events unfold where in Chandu finds himself being pushed to the corner by his cousin and flees to further learn Kalari under the guidance of Tulunadan expert and master Chekavar, Aringodar . Chandu has to recount only losses in his life, as Aromal ensures Unniyarcha is not married to Chandu. He even deceives Chandu by usurping and marrying Kunjinooli , who was interested in Chandu. The heartbroken hero moves ahead and continues to master the art of Kalari Payattu from Aringodar. Meanwhile, Chandu is still smitten with Unniyarcha and does not miss the boat when she invites him to her bedroom one full moon night. Chandu swims across raving waters and gallops miles across barren land to consummate his love. As Chandu and Unniyarcha get intimate in her bedroom, suddenly Unniyarcha’s husband, the eunuch Kunjiraman  knocks the door. Unniyarcha, the clever vixen that she is, creates a mayhem and convinces her husband that Chandu broke into her room as she was awaiting the arrival of Kunjiraman and tried to misbehave. Chandu gets a sobriquet: \'Penmohi Chandu’ or \'Womanizer Chandu.\' A dejected Chandu finds solace in Kunji  Aringodar’s daughter. One day, a feudal lord, Unnichandror  arrives at the footsteps of Aringodar and invites him to represent his cause in an angam  against a property feud with his brother Unnikonar . Unnikonar, in turn, invites Aromal to represent him. Chandu is now caught in a dilemma, when his uncle requests him to play second hand to Aromal in the angam against his teacher Aringodar. His decision is made easy when Unniyarcha appears and offers to give herself fully to Chandu if he assists and helps Aromal win against Aringodar. A tempted Chandu, decides to second Aromal. Chandu takes on the task of revitalizing Aromal\'s swords by providing them for treatment to the blacksmith. However, Kunji, Aringodar’s daughter, bribes the blacksmith and makes them brittle. On the day of the duel, the highly skilled Aromal is no match for the master Aringodar. To add to the misery, Aromal\'s sword breaks in two. As Chandu placates an attacking Aromal seeking time out to replace the weapon, Aringodar obliges. Then wily Aromal throws the broken sword and kills an unguarded Aringodar. Aromal is declared winner. As he retires to his resting place, Chandu follows him to tend to his injuries. Aromal blames Chandu of cheating, by treating the swords to make them brittle, and attacks him. Aromal kills himself in an accident by falling over a sharp lamp. As people gather, Aromal breathes out his last words: "Chandu chadhichu" . The ill-fated Chandu escapes the mob and finds the blacksmith, who informs that he was bribed by Kunji. Amongst spectacular action sequences, Chandu storms into Aringodar\'s household seeking Kunji. Again he is defeated, as he finds Kunji has commit suicide by hanging herself. Chandu returns to Puthooram Veedu and is greeted by a raging Unniyarcha, who vows her sons will avenge her brother’s death. Years later, Aromal Unni and Kannapan Unni  come to Chandu’s doorsteps seeking revenge. Chandu explains to them the situation, hoping to avoid a duel. They are in no mood to listen and insist on a duel to death. Aromal Unni exalts, "I, son of Unniyarcha, will die or go back with your head." Chandu appears to relent and turns his back to them to bow before the deity in preparation for the duel. But in one final act of valour, Chandu stabs himself with a sword and utters his final words to Aromal as he dies, "You are my unborn son …" &mdash; his love for Unniyarcha still intact.'] ['Having successfully completed his final mission three years prior, which was to retrieve a truck load of plutonium stolen from a US military base in Croatia by freelance international terrorist Stavros , government anti-terrorist agent Jack Paul Quinn  is relaxing by his pool in South France with Kathryn, his pregnant wife. Quinn is approached by a government representative who tells him that Stavros, Quinn’s nemesis, has become active again and tries to convince Quinn to come out of retirement telling Quinn that he ‘can’t retire until he [Stavros] does’. Quinn is reluctant to return to duty but agrees after the same representative is killed by Stavros shortly after the meeting with Quinn.  Acting on intelligence received, Quinn travels to Antwerp, Belgium where he meets up with quirky arms dealer Yaz, , who equips Quinn with weaponry and then proceeds to meet the Delta team put together to capture Stavros. Stavros has been tracked to an amusement park but Quinn hesitates to give the order to shoot Stavros when it becomes apparent that Stavros is meeting with his six-year-old son. Stavros exploits Quinn’s hesitation and a shootout ensues in which Stavros’ son is killed and Stavros is able to escape into a hospital, pursued by Quinn. Stavros and Quinn fight in the hospital’s maternity ward with Stavros getting away after knocking Quinn unconscious in an explosion. Quinn wakes up on ‘The Colony’, an inescapable, invisible penal institution island for secret agents reminiscent of The Village from The Prisoner. Quinn learns that he has been sent to the Colony due to his failure to capture Stavros, that his family has been told he was killed and that only agents considered ‘too valuable to kill but too dangerous to set free’ are committed to the institution. The occupants of the Colony are expected to help analyse terrorist threats and have to register themselves present every day using a fingerprint scanner. Meanwhile, Kathryn receives a call from an art gallery in Rome telling her that they would like to display her sculptures and that they will fly her out immediately. When she arrives, Stavros kidnaps her. Whilst analysing information received from a terrorist bombing, Quinn picks up a message from Stavros telling him that Stavros has captured Kathryn and so Quinn realises he must escape the Colony if he is to save her. Quinn devises a system to fool the fingerprint scanner and is able to leave the island by attaching himself to cargo due to be extracted from the island from the air. Quinn goes to Yaz, the only man who can help him, pleading for assistance in return for access to CIA bank accounts. Yaz agrees to help and the two go to Quinn’s house where they are ambushed by Stavros’ men. After fighting the men off, Quinn receives a message from Stavros telling him that he must go to Rome for his baby’s sake. When they arrive in Rome, Yaz learns that Quinn’s wife is pregnant after Stavros delivers a sonogram of the baby to the given rendezvous. Quinn emails Stavros encouraging him to meet in a town square, knowing that Stavros will have to take the bait. At the meeting point, Quinn catches sight of Kathryn in a car but is intercepted by Stavros before he can reach her and a shootout occurs as Kathryn is driven away. Quinn tracks Stavros’ henchmen down to the hotel suite where Kathryn was being held and finds a clue to her whereabouts — a prescription bottle label. Meanwhile, Kathryn is transported to hospital where she gives birth. Using the prescription bottle and with Yaz’s help, Quinn is able to track down the hospital where he finds Kathryn but discovers that Stavros has taken his son. Thanks to assistance from a nurse, Quinn locates Stavros and the baby in an explosives-rigged Roman amphitheater. Stavros leaves Quinn in the middle of a minefield with his son and then unleashes a tiger. Thankfully, Yaz arrives on a motorbike and is able to snatch the baby, leaving Quinn to escape from the tiger and go after Stravros. Quinn and Stavros fight in the minefield until Stavros steps on a mine  and is left stranded. Quinn, his son and Yaz run as Stavros is charged by the tiger and takes his foot off the mine, a chain reaction rips the amphitheater apart and Quinn is able to shield his friends from the ensuing blast by sheltering under a Coke dispenser. Stavros and the tiger are killed in the blast.'] ["Set in Chicago in the 1930s, Jackie Chan's character, Jerry Kwan leads a very easy-going life with his girlfriend, Nancy , and his family. His father owns a restaurant, and one day, he is threatened by the mob to pay a part of his profits. As the mob exits, Jackie enters the scene and rushes out the door to catch up with them. He answers back by taking them on and eventually catches the eye of the mob for his unique and talented fighting abilities. In effect, he is forced to join the Battle Creek Brawl fight in Texas. The mob promises to return his brother's fiancèe and give him the prize money as long as Jackie wins the tournament. Jackie gets help from a kung-fu teacher and uncle who trains for the Battle Creek Brawl. They focus on Jackie's speed and agility as he must fight very tough opponents, one of them including Billy Kiss, the big, bulky, unbeatable winner from previous battles who kisses his opponents after they are defeated."] ['Chi Mo Sai  meets Wong  in Auntie Fei\'s  cafe and learns that Wong has a photographic memory. He decides to exploit this by teaching him how to play Mahjong, but Fei, Wong\'s boss, strongly objects. Despite Fei\'s objections, Wong learns Mahjong from compulsive gambler Chi Mo Sai. He impresses triad boss Tin Kau Ko , but falls in love with Tin\'s mistress  and is beaten by his men. Wong goes crazy. Luckily, Fei cures him using Mahjong. Fei wants Wong to beat Tin in the climatic "King of Mahjong" competition. It is the only 2005 film to boast of having a sequel made in 2005. The budget of the first two films are considerably much smaller than Kung Fu Hustle.'] ["Nami Matsushima is found in a wedding chapel by police led by detective Hirose. They handcuff her, but she is able to escape. Kudo, a worker in a sex show club, rescues her. He is a radical with a history of problems with the police. One of the women from the sex show, who had unsuccessfully tried to seduce Kudo, finds Nami's handcuffs in Kudo's things, and informs the police. The police arrest and beat Kudo and then release and tail him back to Nami's hiding place. Nami is captured and sentenced to death. Just before her execution, Nami is allowed to escape by a warden who cooperating with the police to set up Nami. Nami is taken to a gallows outside the prison where Hirose plans to hang her. She beats Hirose and he ends up hanged instead of her. Nami kills Kudo."] ["{{Expand section}} When a corrupt prince arranges for the theft of a highly valuable jade antique the emperor dispatches his best men to retrieve it. The only problem is that the prince has hidden the antique in the infamous 'house of traps' from which no man has ever made it out alive. Royal investigator Sun Chien and his men mount a daring raid on the prince's birthday which results in the usual mayhem expected from a Venom's film."] ["{{plot}} Rich & Famous tells the story of two boys who are not related but grew up as brothers, Kwok  and Yung . While Yung is the elder, he is always getting into trouble which Kwok has to help bail him out of. One day, in 1967, Yung's gambling goes too far and he loses a bet he cannot afford to lose. Kwok and Yung get into a massive fight with the local gang running the gambling hall. The boss threatens to cut Yung's pinky off. Fortunately Kwok tells a touching tale about how their father is ill and that is why they are gambling to support him. The pair hatch a plan with their nervous cousin Mak Ying Hung , who has gang connections, to rob some goods from a gang boss, Chu Lo-Tai . They succeed at stealing the suitcase and attempt to buy plane tickets to America to avoid paying off the debts. They are interrupted at the travel office and Kwok is taken away to be tortured. The sister of Yung, Wai Chui  works at a tea house that a powerful gangster named Li Ah Chai  frequents. She comes in to serve him and is rudely bitten by Li Ah Chai's friend Fan. It reveals a wound that was sustained when Kwok was captured. She and Yung explain their situation and despite advice against helping them, Li Ah Chai decides to bail them out by threatening the gangsters with force. Chu Lo-Tai releases Kwok but not before burning his tongue with his cigar and pouring hot coffee down his throat. Kwok thanks Li Ah Chai and then passes out from happiness when Ah Chai offers him and Yung a job as gangsters. Mak Ying Hung asks Kwok and Yung to introduce him to Li Ah Chai so that he may become a gangster as well. Mak stutters uncontrollably and sneezes in Ah Chai's face. He makes a poor impression and Ah Chai ignores him. Kwok gives Mak a chance so he and Mak go to collect money where Mak is unable to extract the money from the local business. He is thoroughly embarrassed and Ah Chai tells Mak that he is not cut out to be a gangster. Mak walks up the street, which brings a close to act 1. Fast forward to 1971, Kwok and Yung have advanced in Ah Chai's gang and their sister Wai Chui is now Li Ah Chai's housekeeper. They arrange to do a business deal with a gangster. The gangster double crosses them, leading to Kwok being seriously injured. Yung is reprimanded for being selfish and attention seeking for not staying in the van to keep an eye out for any suspicious behavior. This clearly shows the tension starting to rise between Yung and Ah Chai. In attempt to gain favor, Yung introduces Ah Chai to his love interest, Mak's cousin, Lau Po-Yee . Ah Chai is distracted and is contacted in regards to an interruption in the drug trade. Ah Chai has been hiding his friend Fan, who has become gravely ill. Fan apparently has crossed the Thailand drug lords and has now stopped any drug shipments to Hong Kong. This draws the ire of the other gangs who demand that Ah Chai kill or turn in Fan. They tell him that the drug trade means a lot to them but maybe not so much to Ah Chai since he is not involved in the drug trade for profit. It is at this point that Yung suddenly speaks up and acknowledges that the drug trade is important, contrary to Ah Chai's response. Ah Chai's rival, Chu Lo-Tai notices Yung's impulsiveness. Ah Chai explains that he owes Fan a personal debt because Fan had saved his father. To turn him in would mean dishonor. Ah Chai declines. In the car, on the way back, Ah Chai chastises Yung for speaking up, claiming that it showed the lack of cohesiveness within their gang. He banishes Yung to a local bar. Meanwhile, Kwok visits Mak to see how he is doing. Mak has lost his stutter, has a nice place and now looks handsome. Mak again asks for Kwok to get him into the gang. Kwok hesitates and then they are rudely interrupted by Yung. Yung talks to Kwok in private and asks where he would stand in the event that there is a split between him and Ah Chai. Kwok doesn't openly choose sides and Yung gives him a hug. Inspector Cheung  visits Ah Chai at a restaurant and tells Ah Chai that he is going to put him in jail. Ah Chai is not fazed by the inspector's threat. Ah Chai attempts to buy off Inspector Cheung but he won't take it. Ah Chai realizes he must be dealt with before he causes him trouble in the future. Yung then meets secretly with Chu Lo-Tai and is paid to kill Fan. Yung shows up at Fan's location and kills him and the guard. Yung then is called to Ah Chai's office. Ah Chai says that he knows that Yung killed Fan and asks his henchman, Number 6  to kill Yung. Kwok barges into the room and begs for Yung's life. Ah Chai takes the gun and shoots Yung in the hand. He tells them both to get lost. Li Ah Chai converses with Wai Chui and asks her if she wants to leave now that he's had a falling out with her brothers. She wants to stay and tells Ah Chai that she will do anything for him and is about to admit her crush on Ah Chai when Po Yee suddenly appears, offering cake. Ah Chai warms to her and ignores Wai Chui. Wai Chui tries to walk with tears in her eyes. Li Ah Chai spends more time with Po Yee and they become engaged. The scene then switches back to Yung and Kwok. They both go to Chu Lo-Tai to talk to him. Kwok and Yung have a falling out over Yung's behavior and he leaves him, saying that they are no longer brothers. As Kwok tries to leave, Chu Lo-Tai attempts to kill him using gasoline and guns. Kwok gets away to Mak's apartment and hides out there briefly. Yung arrives and questions Mak as to where Kwok is. Mak refuses to tell him and Yung chops off Mak's pinky. Mak stares defiantly back at Yung. Li Ah Chai meets with Kwok and Mak after Yung's attack and they become friends again. Ah Chai invites them to the wedding. Meanwhile, Yung plots to kill Ah Chai at the wedding. The wedding occurs and Yung's men ambushes Ah Chai on the steps. They manage to shoot Po Yee. Ah Chai and Po Yee attempt to escape while being chased by Yung. Mak runs Yung down and beats him with a fender. He is shot in the chest by Yung. The last assassin has Po Yee hostage and stabs her in the side. Mak distracts the assassin long enough for Ah Chai to kill him. Ah Chai has Yung at gunpoint until suddenly his father and Wai Chui appear, begging for his life. Yung runs and is caught by police. Ah Chai thanks Mak for all he has done as he passes away. In the epilogue, it indicates that Kwok quits the underworld and leaves for Malacca. Yung is sentenced to 6 years of jail. Ah Chai attempts to shift away from the world of violence to appease his new wife. Chu Lo-Tai leaves the country to avoid revenge from Ah Chai. Inspector Cheung is banished to border patrol for 3 years."] ['The martial arts comedy Anna in Kung Fu Land centers on a young woman who dreams of becoming a movie star. Her father was a monk of the Shaolin temple, who defected to Japan after representing the temple during a martial arts tournament. There he met a Japanese woman and later bore Anna . He starts a martial school in Japan, although he dreams of being reconciled with his former mates. When his school is invited to be part of a martial arts tournament, he sends his daughter as his representative. She believes this might give her the opportunity to get her big break, but when that does not happen she becomes focused on beating the opposition in the tournament. She also becomes embroiled with the marketing executive  who becomes her first love.'] ["The film begins with escaping prisoners Funky , Calf , Hung , Kong  and Andy Lok  on the run from several People's Armed Police officers somewhere in China. Though Funky and his crew manage to fight off the guards, he and Andy Lok the crime boss of their gang get separated with the others while protecting something very valuable to Mr Lok's company. As the others reach their escape meeting an elderly gang ally named Zen, they realize Funky and Andy Lok are still trying to catch up. Just as Andy Lok tries to make a last-ditch attempt to escape he is hit by a truck which was actually part of a trap by the PAP officers and is captured, while Funky hides in the bushes apparently foreseeing it coming. Sometime later, Andy's Lok's sister Audrey Lok  is sitting in silence at a public execution. Just as the PAP officers execute one man, Andy Lok's weeps once last time before being executed by an officers AK-47. Audrey prompts leaves the execution site and meetings with her will bearer Peter Wong  who discusses her brother's will. As Audrey Lok tries to settle her brother's will at her house. It becomes evidently that her brother's co workers only want her money and her brother's power and soon mysterious conspiracies leading to murder schemes begin to follow. Audrey realises what she wants and becomes a great fighter. She fights and kills, striving only to be triad leader. Death and killings follow. Will justice be done?"] ["A group of travelers is stranded in a small country inn when the local river floods. As the bad weather continues, tensions rise amongst the travelers trapped at the inn. A traveling ronin , Ihei Misawa takes it upon himself to cheer everyone up by arranging a splendid feast. Unfortunately he has no money and in order to pay for the feast he visits the local dojos and challenges the masters there for payment, termed in the film as prize fighting. Later, after breaking up a duel between two young retainers of the local clan he receives an offer of employment as a sword master from the local lord, Shigeaki. He has a tense interaction with the lord and his retainers, revealing his prowess at their expense. The film also shows the tender relationship he has with his wife, Tayo, and provides insights into the way of life of a ronin's wife."] ['At the tail-end of World War II, Choi Bae-dal is a young Korean man who longs to be able to fly fighter planes. Stowing away to Japan in order to join their air force, Bae-dal\'s first experience of the country is when a con-man tries to steal his money. Bae-dal discovers that the man is a fellow Korean called Chun-bae , who has survived the harsh treatment of Koreans in Japan by turning to petty crime. With their different motives: Bae-dal driven by desire for action and Chun-bae needing to escape from some gangsters, the two Koreans stow away in a truck to the air force training camp. The commander in charge of the camp is a pompous imperialist called Kato . Having mistreated the two Koreans, he is amused by Bae-dal\'s fighting spirit and says that if Bae-dal can beat him with his inferior "foreign" fighting style, he will release them. The two men fight with Kato easily defeating Bae-dal, but an American attack on the airforce base allows Bae-dal and Chun-bae to escape. Later, Bae-dal is found helping Chun-bae to run a pachinko stall in a Japanese market place. When local gangsters try to take protection money from Chun-bae, Bae-dal tries to defend him but is beaten up and humiliated by the gangsters. His ordeal is ended by the intervantion of Bum-soo , a martial arts expert from his home town who had also emigrated to Japan. Bum-soo invites Bae-dal back to the circus where he, and many fellow Korean immigrants, work and where he is attempting to build a decent standard of living for his countrymen. After some persuasion, he agrees to teach Bae-dal some of his more sophisticated fighting style. Meanwhile, Bae-dal has taken to working as a rickshaw driver, honing his fighting skills by defending Japanese women from the rapacious advances of American servicemen. His success at protecting the women makes him something of a local hero, although his real identity is not known. One of the women he protects is the beautiful Yoko , with whom he strikes up a romantic relationship. When Bum-soo is killed by local gangsters, the Koreans from the compound vow revenge and attack the Japanese gangs. The fight ends abruptly for Bae-dal when he is knocked unconscious by a blow to the head. Bae-dal, vowing to never again lose a fight, retreats to the mountains where, living in his karate gi, he trains day and night; running in the mountains, lifting tree trunks and using makeshift training equipment to harden his body and fighting spirit through austerity. Returning from the mountains, Bae-dal takes a Japanese name: Masutatsu Oyama, and sets about challenging the best fighters Japan has to offer. Wearing his ragged karate gi and looking like a cave-man with his unkempt appearance, Oyama challenges the first dojo he passes. He defeats every fighter in the dojo - often with only a single strike. As word of his notoriety spreads, Oyama\'s actions come to the attention of the head of the Japan Karate Association - the former Air Force camp commander Kato. Kato is hugely offended that a foreigner would not only try to learn Japanese martial arts, but would consider himself worthy to beat Japanese fighters. Nevertheless, Oyama continues to defeat every fighter that Japan has to offer, including competitors in karate, judo, ninjutsu and kobudo, becoming a sensation in the Japanese media. Oyama explains to Yoko that, although he is scared of dying, he is more scared of living as a cripple, and this is why he is willing to sacrifice anything to win. When the organization sends one of his followers to challenge and kill Oyama, the agent is instead killed by Oyama. Learning that the man he killed had a wife and son, Oyama feels a great deal of guilt for his actions and tracks down the family to apologise and offer to work for them to make up for killing the father of the household. Oyama surrenders his uniform to the wife, vowing to never again fight in martial art duels. Although initially angry and unaccepting of Oyama\'s offer, after fulfilling the son\'s wish of being carried to the top of the nearby mountain to view the sunrise, he eventually convinces them that he is a man of honour and not a violent thug. The wife asks Oyama to take back his uniform and become the best fighter in Japan. Returning to the city, Oyama finds that Kato\'s martial arts association has threatened his own family  and demanded a challenge between Kato and Oyama. Dressing in his weathered gi once again, Oyama treks out to the countryside location where Kato is waiting for him. Easily defeating Kato\'s henchmen, Oyama then faces a final showdown with Kato himself. Although it is clear that Kato would like to see Oyama dead, Kato\'s ankle is broken after receiving a kick in the fight sequence. When Kato stands up, he falls to a one-knee-down position, Oyama shows mercy to Kato, by stopping 2&nbsp;cm short of punching him squarely between the eyes, defeating him in combat but not killing him. At the end of the movie, Oyama is shown fighting with a bull, grasping the horns and digging into the ground to stop him, and finally delivering a bone-shattering chop to the center of the top of the head.'] ["Su Can is a general who leads a military force to save a prince from a large fortress of enemies in the mountains. In return, the prince promises that the Emperor will make him governor of Hu Bei. Su's step brother Yuan is envious of Su, but Su loves him and asks the prince to make Yuan governor instead. Su wants to leave the military and lead a life pursuing the perfection of Wu Shu, eventually in the hopes of starting his school and teaching his skills. Su gives his great prestigious sword to a comrade Ma, then tells Yuan of his plans. Yuan expresses that he is always in Su's shadow but accepts the governorship. Early next morning, Su leaves on a horse. Five years later, Su and his wife Ying  have a child, Feng. Su's father informs them that Yuan is returning from the military to be a governor. He warns Su that Yuan may not have come back simply to reconcile with family but to seek revenge. This is because years ago, Su's father killed Yuan's father when the latter went too far in learning an evil martial arts technique called the Five Venom Fists. Su's father then took Yuan in, but he harbours concern that Yuan is still vengeful. Su is naive and assures his father that everything will be alright. When Yuan returns, a homecoming party is held. Yuan greets his sister Ying, Feng, and Su's father. Su's father knows what is impending and asks Yuan to take his revenge on him alone, sparing Su and his family. Using his mastery of the Five Venom Fists, Yuan kills Su's father and decapitates him. He expresses his desire to be with his sister  and her son Feng as a family. When Su hears the news of his father's murder, he rushes to the scene of his father's death and is attacked by the Iron Twins. He chases them to a rapid where Yuan is offering Su's father's head to his real father as a symbol of revenge taken. A battle ensues between Yuan and Su. Yuan has a dark armour sewn into his body, making him partially invulnerable to blades. Using his Five Venom Fists, Yuan deals a deadly poisonous blow to Su who is defeated. Feng begs for Su's life and Yuan spares him but throws him into the rapids. Ying jumps into the rapid to save Su and Yuan is heartbroken at the loss of his beloved sister. He takes Feng in as his only family. Ying awakes in forest area and tries to bring her husband to civilization and safety. They are found by a herb researcher and wine maker, Sister Yu, who treats Su's wounds. Su comes to consciousness but is broken to find his right arm severely weakened with all tendons torn. At first, he is desperate and turns to drinking, but with Ying's support, he focuses on training in order to save Feng. He meets Wu Shu God and an old sage and asks to be their disciple. At a sacred site, he trains with the Wu Shu God for years, always trying to defeat him but never able to. Later, by checking Su's pulse, Dr. Du reveals to Ying that Su is going mad and that there is probably no Wu Shu God or Old Sage since she is the only one living in the area. Ying follows Su into the forest one day and finds him fighting  with himself, oblivious to the fact that he is only battling with the Wu Shu God in his mind. Ying pleads with Su to come to his senses but he does not believe her. By the time Su realizes the truth, it is too late. Ying has left to try to save Feng by herself. At Yuan's palace, Ying is now a captive of Yuan. Su arrives shortly after and fights his way through the guards. He also battles the Iron Twins and with his improved skills, impales both on a satay, a saber like spear. Yuan orders his men to bury Ying alive in a box and then kills the men who buried her so that only he knows her location. A crazed Su battles with Yuan in his training chamber and ultimately defeats him, even gnashing though a poisonous snake in the process. Feng screams that Yuan must not die because only he knows Ying's location, but a maddened Su delivers a fatal blow to Yuan's throat, thus executing him in anger. Realizing the words of Feng, he rushes out and a dying soldier reveals the vague location of Ying. Su and Feng rush to search for her but manage to dig her out too late. Ying dies from lack of air. The era changes from the dynastic to the colonized. Su has lost his mind after the loss of his wife and the previous delusions he had. A homeless Feng leads his father through the streets by rope and takes care of him. A Kung Fu master is killed in a fighting arena - part of a foreigners' club - leaving Su's old friend, Ma, as leader of the Wu Shu Federation. The arena is a stage below which tigers lurk freely, waiting for any unfortunate fighter to drop below. In the meantime, Su goes into an inn and creates trouble by stealing wine and countering people bent on stopping him with martial art moves. He then meets a fellow drunkard who spars with him and gives him a few philosophical tips. The two of them start using Drunken Fighting  techniques, and Su regains his sanity. The inn lady calls Ma to deal with Su and Ma recognizes Su. They have a talk and Ma gives Su back his sword. Su asks Ma to take care of Feng since he is unfit to be a father but Feng persists, staying with his father instead. The next day, Su and Feng show up to support Ma in his arena battle. Su goes about drinking in the club's bar area, oblivious to Ma receiving a serious beating in the ring. When Feng tries to save Ma from being killed, the opposing wrestler grabs Feng and holds him in the air. Feng screams for help from his father. His son's cries awake Su from his drunken state and Su rushes into the arena. As Ma and Feng are being taken out of the arena by bystanders, Su battles and defeats the wrestler. Anthony, owner of a wrestling stable, orders his lot to pour into the arena, resulting in a mismatch of three wrestlers to one . Using the drunken martial arts technique learned from his fellow drunkard in the inn, Su's defeats the fighters although he is heavily injured. At the end of the battle, the other fighters are either dead or unconscious, and only after a vision of Ying and the dramatic cries of Feng in an otherwise silenced arena, does a semi-conscious Su manage to stand up. He is declared the winner. The film ends with a seemingly restored Su practising his moves of old but with long hair reminiscent of the insane period of his life, with Feng observing. Su has seemingly found his passion."] ['Former CIA operative Bryan Mills wants to build a closer relationship with his teenage daughter Kim. She lives with her mother, Lenore and her wealthy stepfather, Stuart. During Kim\'s 17th birthday, he buys her an expensive karaoke machine only to be upstaged by Stuart, who surprises her with a horse. While working as security, Bryan saves pop star Sheerah from a knife-wielding assailant after a concert. Sheerah, grateful, agrees to tutor Kim after Bryan says she aspires to be a singer. At a lunch soon after, Kim asks Bryan for permission to travel to Paris with her friend Amanda. Bryan balks at the two girls travelling alone, but relents when Lenore complains that he is overprotective after being absent for most of Kim\'s life. At Los Angeles International Airport, he is dismayed to discover the girls are actually following U2 during their European tour, something Lenore knew but kept from him. Arriving in Paris-Charles de Gaulle Airport, Kim and Amanda meet Peter, who offers to share a cab with them and invites them to a party. This is a ruse to gather information about where they are staying. At the apartment, Kim discovers that Amanda\'s cousins, with whom they are staying, and who are meant to be keeping an eye on them, are in fact in Spain. While talking to Bryan on the phone, Kim sees Amanda being kidnapped by intruders. Kim is taken shortly after, while Bryan records the incident. When a kidnapper picks up the phone, Bryan tries to bargain with him, threatening to kill him if he doesn\'t let her go. The kidnapper replies only "good luck" and hangs up. Bryan\'s former colleague Sam tells him that based on the recording, Kim has probably been taken by an Albanian human trafficking ring and that if she is not rescued within four days, she will likely never be found. Bryan travels to Paris on one of Stuart\'s private jets and finds Peter at the airport. After a confrontation and chase, Peter is hit and killed by a passing truck before Bryan can interrogate him. Bryan then seeks out Jean-Claude, a former French field agent who now works a desk job. Jean-Claude is relatively unhelpful but does direct Bryan to a district where an East European gang are prostituting women. Bryan follows one gangster to a makeshift brothel at a construction site, where he finds a girl wearing Kim\'s jacket. He fights off the brothel guards and escapes with the girl. After the girl awakens, she gives Bryan enough information about the house where she met Kim to allow him to find it. Bryan bluffs his way in and kills the thugs inside, sparing only Marko, the kidnapper he spoke to on the phone, whose voice he recognises. Searching the house, he finds several captive teens, including Amanda, who is dead from a forced heroin overdose. At the basement of the house, Bryan tortures Marko strapped to an electric chair until he reveals that Kim, being a virgin, was very valuable on the black market, and was sold to an auctioneer named Saint-Clair. Bryan leaves Marko to die from electrocution and visits Jean-Claude at home. Having deduced that Jean-Claude is corrupt, Bryan shoots Jean-Claude\'s wife in the arm and threatens to kill her unless Jean-Claude gives up Saint-Clair\'s address. At Saint-Clair\'s mansion, during a large party, Bryan infiltrates an auction of girls in a basement facility. His daughter is the last offering. Bryan forces a Middle Eastern bidder to purchase her. Though he is captured, Bryan frees himself and kills Saint-Clair\'s henchmen. He forces Saint-Clair to reveal where Kim has been taken before killing him. Bryan races to a luxury yacht owned by a sheikh. Jumping aboard, Bryan kills the boat\'s guards, and finally confronts the sheikh in his boudoir. Despite the sheikh holding a knife to Kim\'s throat, Bryan shoots him in the head and rescues his daughter. They return to the U.S. where she is reunited with her mother and stepfather. Afterward, Bryan takes Kim to see Sheerah for her first singing lesson.'] ['Lorna Cole is pregnant with LAPD sergeant Martin Riggs\' baby; they are not married, but both are thinking about it. Police sergeant Roger Murtaugh\'s daughter Rianne is also pregnant, and Riggs later learns from Lorna that Rianne has secretly married Lee Butters , a young detective who works at the same precinct as Murtaugh and Riggs – secretly because Roger had made it clear that his daughter should not marry a police officer. Riggs, Murtaugh, and Butters – with some assistance from Leo Getz , who is now a private detective – investigate a Chinese immigrant smuggling ring after they come across a vessel with a cargo hold of Chinese slave laborers; in the course of these events Murtaugh\'s boat is sunk. Murtaugh finds a dinghy alongside with a Chinese family whom he provides shelter for at his house, claiming to be "freeing slaves." Information about a crime boss named Benny Chan , a.k.a. "Uncle Benny," leads them to Chinatown, where they are introduced to a high-ranking Triad negotiator named Wah Sing Ku . Benny forces the three cops out of the restaurant without providing information on what his and the Triads\' plans are. Outside, the cops encounter the captain of the ship and chase him and another suspect. The other suspect turns out to be a restaurant waiter and is freed. Ku later kills the captain for letting the cops know about their secret plans. Riggs and Murtaugh hire Leo to follow Benny around, but after Hong, the father of the Chinese family Murtaugh rescued, contacts his uncle, they come home to find Ku and his men holding Lorna and Murtaugh\'s family hostage and that Hong and his family are taken away. After a brief fight, the house is set on fire with everyone tied up inside. Ping, one of the Hong children, however, frees them, having eluded captivity. Murtaugh and Riggs chase down two of the triad members down a freeway, but both men are killed in collision with traffic without giving any information on the Hongs\' whereabouts. Ku and the other men visit a Chinese-based holding cell being run by a corrupt Chinese general, who is holding four Triad overlords known as the "Four Fathers," one of whom is Ku\'s brother, and demanding a huge payoff from the Triads for their release. After Riggs and Murtaugh return to Murtaugh\'s home, Leo informs them and Butters that Benny is seeing his dentist, and using Leo to distract the dentist, the three cops use nitrous oxide to extract information from Benny. Riggs inadvertently reveals that Butters is Rianne\'s husband and the father of her baby. Because they had accidentally exposed themselves to the laughing gas as well, they misunderstood the information Benny provided them, which initially leads to some complications in their investigation. Ku brings the Hongs to the Triads\' hideout, where it is revealed that the Triads plan to give the corrupt general counterfeit Chinese money for the Four Fathers\' release. The captive artist working on the printing plates is the elder uncle to Hong and agreed to do the job in exchange for his family\'s safe passage to the United States. Ku kills Hong in order to secure his uncle\'s cooperation. With the printing plates completed, he and Benny are also killed for exposing the operation and to protect the forgery. Detective Ng, who is familiar with Chinese society, corrects Murtaugh and the other officers on the information Benny provided earlier and explains why the Triads torched Murtaugh\'s home. After Riggs picks up Ping and Lorna, the officers locate the hideout, but find only the dead and some of the counterfeit Chinese money inside. Ng once again helps them piece the entire operation together. At the meeting between Ku and the corrupt general, Riggs, Murtaugh, Butters and other detectives expose the counterfeit money; as a result the general kills three of the Four Fathers. Ku\'s henchmen kill the general, and a firefight breaks out between the cops, the Triads and the general\'s private army. Butters is shot in the back while protecting Murtaugh and Murtaugh kills Ku\'s brother while aiming for Ku. In revenge, Ku tries to kill Riggs and Murtaugh on a pier. Murtaugh is knocked out after impaling Ku on a piece of rebar while Riggs and Ku fall into the water when the pier collapses. Riggs struggles with Ku underwater and shoots him to death with an AK-47, but a slab of concrete from the pier falls and pins Riggs underwater until Murtaugh wakes up, jumps in, and saves him. Riggs visits his dead wife\'s grave and asks her for advice about his impending marriage with Lorna, about which he still has doubts. He is interrupted by the arrival of Leo, who tells a story from his childhood that makes Riggs see the idea of remarrying in a new light. Riggs\' pager goes off, indicating that Lorna is giving birth, and the two rush to the hospital. Riggs and Lorna are ceremonially married by a rabbi just before their and Rianne\'s babies are born, Murtaugh accepts Butters as his son-in-law, Riggs and Murtaugh are given their rank of Sergeant back and Hong\'s family is granted asylum.'] ['Chan plays a bumbling long haired acrobat named Jiang who really wants to practices kung fu. He finds an advertisement for work at the Mansion as a body guard. Jiang doesn\'t get the body guard position, but cons his way into a job using his kung fu skills, and gets himself into the middle of some shady business. He is told not to go near the "guest room" where the special guest is staying. A fellow employee tells Jiang that there is an evil witch who lives in the guest room and is not to be disturbed. Jiang of couse is caught spying on her and is run off the land. He then encounters two kung fu masters fighting in the woods. He watches one kill the other, and when he leaves Jiang takes the body into town to collect the reward. Using the money from the reward, Jiang tries to fulfill his kung fu dreams and find a master. He is suddenly attacked by the crazy witch and is about to lose until a mystery master shows up and beats her. The master turns out to be a bum, and teaches Jiang kung fu. He then goes on a journey with a princess to find the special jade plant.'] ['Kam Kong plays an evil Manchurian General, who desires to crush the revolutionaries who have ties to the Shaolin temple. Chen Kuan Tai is Iron, a naive young man who is unaware that his father is a leader of this underground movement. An undercover operative named Ho Yeng, who conned his way into joining the rebellion, betrays Iron’s father. The entire family is captured  and the General schedules their executions the following day. Since the leader of the rebellion is now in his clutches, the General focuses on the capture of his enemy’s son, Iron. A witness to this heinous act warns Iron and he manages to escape the village and avoid capture from the Qing army. He becomes a wild, animalistic wanderer who survives by stealing food from a nearby Shaolin temple. He also watches the hopefuls who train in the martial arts there. A group of students eventually catch him breaking into the temple, and they comment on his monkey-like agility. One student  follows him into the woods and suggests that Iron become a student of the Shaolin Temple. The Abbot is more than happy to accept him as a pupil, but he notices the look of anger in the young man’s eyes. Iron refuses to comment on his agenda or his identity, so the Abbott assigns him a new identity—that of Iron Monkey. Iron Monkey soon proves himself a natural in the temple training arena. In a short time, he becomes a top student, at the expense of his peers’ friendship . Soon, the head monks inform the students that they must select a specialized martial arts technique. Naturally, Iron Monkey selects the fearsome Monkey Fist method, which is unrivaled in the martial arts world, except for Eagle’s Claw style. The Abbot sends Iron Monkey out into the wilderness where he is trained by the exiled Bitter Monk. In a year’s time, Iron Monkey masters the Monkey Fist and returns to the temple with confidence and ability. The Abbott welcomes him back, but senses that Iron Monkey is still motivated by hatred and rage. The Abbot tells him that he must alleviate his inner pain, and return to the temple a wiser man cleansed of hatred. The timing is perfect as the General’s guard intrude upon the Shaolin temple to recruit martial artists to the Qing cause. But the students and monks are loyal to their beliefs, and no one sells out—except for Iron Monkey. Like the hated betrayer of his father, Ho Yeng, Iron Monkey plans to join the Manchus and destroy their organization from within. His ultimate goal is to get close to the General, so he can assassinate the man responsible for the death of his family. But first he must prove himself. The General doesn’t trust Iron Monkey and assigns him the task of hunting and killing suspected revolutionaries. Iron Monkey immerses himself in Manchu propaganda and begins beating and killing his own people! But, the Captains and the General take notice of his skills and behavior, and he is given a promotion. The Manchus still don’t trust him and orders him to kill more radicals. The more people Iron Monkey kills, the higher he rises in the Qing hierarchy. Eventually he becomes equal in rank to the Captains that recruited him. But he has still not achieved his goal of meeting the General. When the Manchus order Iron Monkey to crush the Shaolin Temple itself, he realizes he must finally make his move. He confronts the entire chain of the Manchu hierarchy, starting with the traitor Ho Yeng, to the Captains, and finally the General himself. However, the General did not earn his position for nothing. He is a master of the Eagle’s Claw—the only form of martial arts that can overcome the Monkey Fist.'] ["The film follows three characters, a hit-man, a mobster and a corrupt detective who confront each other when events come to a head for them. Hit-man Lee Choe decides to retire to live a normal life. After refusing an order from mobster John Lowe, Lowe has Lee's girlfriend killed. In order to seek vengeance, Lee goes on a mission to kill Lowe, who turns to corrupt detective Craig Barnes to frame him. At the same time, Barnes, who's being investigated by internal affairs, has to deal with his unhappy, alcoholic wife Katie."] ['Tea-house worker and martial-arts student "Abao" is to married to his boss daughter, "Little Chu" and Abao fights to protect her from the advances of the wealthy "Master Shi". The two men\'s romantic rivalry against one another escalates into a full-scale supernatural battle after "Shi" enlists the help of a wicked sorcerer, and Abao encounters a benevolent female ghost.{{cite web}}'] ['Butterflies have apparently become a lethal weapon. Several rivals contend for a mysterious prize, using a variety of unusual weapons.'] ['The plot follows Art Chew\'s  quest to retrieve the ancient peach. The movie starts with Art Chew traveling to America, as well as showing Art\'s training at the Shur-li temple , showing many kung-fu clichés such as grabbing the pebble from the masters hand , fighting on trees in this case small potted palms and "listing" for elements . After the montage is shown Art meets up with his cousin Wayman  a Chinese adult who tries to act American so he isn\'t embarrassed by stereotypes and foster cousin Roy Lee, an African American who sincerely believes he is a reincarnation of Bruce Lee. Not long after Art arrives, Helen Hu, an MSG  dealing  restaurant owner forces Art\'s stereotypical uncle into buying more MSG, Art intervenes and tries to fight Helen\'s muscle, the overweight and strong One Ton , the wise cracking "brains" of the outfit Lo Fat and the Kung-Fu fighter Non Fat. After blocking One Ton\'s attack, Art reels to attack showing a smiley face on his arm which Lo Fat points out as a symbol of a Shur-li monk and they run away. Art talks to his uncle and asks where the Ancient peach is and is told that it is in Helen Hu\'s restaurant  that Art uncle sold to her a few years ago. Art, Wayman and Roy Lee go to Helen\'s restaurant and are taken to her by a waiter that is badly dubbed because "This is how all Hong Kong actors talk". Helen claims to know nothing about the peach and gets One Ton to escort Art and Friends to leave on the way out Roy Lee tries to kick Non Fat but misses and breaks a hole in the wall. After Art and crew are thrown out Lo Fat notices a glowing coming out of the hole in the wall and looks in and finds the ancient peach. Events lead to the peach being swapped around a couple of times and a romantic interest Sue Shi  who is later revealed to be an agent of the Shur-li temple.'] ['Chinese exorcist One-Eyebrow Priest  leads a peaceful life with two disciples Ah Hao  and Ah Fang  in a small town together with a naughty mini vampire. While finding new water sources one day, the priest encounters a European vampire in the nearby church who is aided by a dead countess. Although the priest manages to get rid of the countess, his Chinese exorcism fails on the European vampire.'] ["{{plot}} In 2010 social problems such as violence, drugs and organized crime have overrun the poorer suburbs of Paris and especially Banlieue 13, commonly referred to as B13, a ghetto with a population of some two million. Unable to control B13 the authorities construct a high wall topped by barbed tape around the entire area forcing the inhabitants within to survive without education, proper utilities or police protection behind the containment wall. Police checkpoints stop anybody going in or out. Three years later an almost feudal system has developed amongst the street gangs of B13. The area is now flooded with hard drugs such as heroin and completely controlled by gangsters. Certain blocks are ruled over by various individuals and one high rise apartment block is looked after by an athletic and street-wise man known as Leïto . Leïto hates drugs and injustice and wages a one-man war against a neighboring gang lord named Taha Bemamud  to keep his own building and people safe and free of drugs. Leïto captures 20&nbsp;kg of cocaine from Taha, worth over a million euro, which incites Taha to send his thugs to recover the merchandise, led by the towering K2 . Leïto destroys the cocaine by using bleach and uses parkour to evade Taha's thugs through the building and across rooftops. Taha kidnaps Leïto's younger sister Lola  to use against him, but Leïto manages to invade Taha's base, rescue his sister, and kidnap Taha in turn. Leïto takes Taha to the police office at the edge of the district perimeter, but the police are in the process of abandoning their position on orders from the French Ministry, and are also threefold outnumbered by Taha's gang. The police release Taha and allow him to take Lola with him to avoid a confrontation. In addition, they put Leïto in a cell also to contain the situation, but Leïto kills the police chief in the process for handing over Lola. Six months later, outside of B13 in the affluent areas of Paris, an undercover police captain named Damien Tomaso  infiltrates an underground casino and attempts to arrest Carlos Montoya, the gangster who owns it. His extraction procedure fails, however, forcing him to fight his way through an army of thugs to escape the casino. Upon the mission's completion, Damien immediately receives another assignment from his chief and also the Defence Secretary of France, Mr Krüger. He is told that Taha has stolen an experimental neutron bomb that is set to detonate in 24 hours. His mission is to convince Leïto, imprisoned for months, to lead him to Taha's base so that he can disarm the bomb. Damien attempts to pass himself off as a fellow prisoner and helps Leïto escape to B13, but Leïto sees through Damien's act and abandons him. After fighting off some of the local thugs, Damien locates Leïto and admits the truth. They team up to disarm the bomb and rescue Lola. The pair surrenders to Taha in order to gain access to his base. There, they discover that Taha has rigged the warhead to a missile launcher, pointed towards the center of Paris and is prepared to blackmail the government with it. Taha demands a high ransom, which is refused by Damien's government contact. The pair escape, and while Taha's thugs pursue them, he discovers that the government has emptied all of his offshore accounts in the Bahamas and elsewhere. One of Taha's men asks how Taha will pay them. Frustrated, Taha tries to shoot the member who asked him that only to discover that his gun is empty. Taha offers money from a safe he possesses but knowing that with Tahas accounts emptied, there is no reason to endure his ruthlessness any longer, the thugs shoot and kill Taha. This leaves K2, a more sympathetic leader, in charge and K2 has a moment of reconciliation with Leïto, suggesting that peace is possible in the future within B13. Leïto and Damien fight their way to the tower building holding Lola and the bomb. They are confronted by their final obstacle: Yeti, a substantial henchman left by Taha to block their access to the bomb. Damien underestimates Yeti and tries attacking him, but is gradually overpowered. Leito helps out Damien and gains the upper hand with the henchman by tying him up with an electricity cord. Damien then picks up a brick and smashes it on Yeti's head, knocking him out. Having defeated Yeti, Damien calls his contact to receive the deactivation code, 9293709B13. Leïto recognizes the code as a reference to the bomb's location , the day's date , and the district, B13. Leïto deduces that the government has set them up and the code will actually detonate the bomb instead of deactivating it. He fights Damien to prevent him, who chose to believe in the government over Leito, from entering the code. The timer runs out and the bomb does not detonate, proving Leïto's theory. The pair return to the government building with the bomb and use it to force Mr Krüger admit that he had planned to blow up B13 as a means to get rid of it. The confession is then revealed to have been filmed and is immediately broadcast by pirate television transmission across all channels. The pair's actions cause a major scandal that sparks public support for B13. Soon the rest of the government promises to tear down the containment wall and bring back schools and police to B13. Leïto and Damien depart as friends, and Lola kisses Damien to encourage him to visit B13 in the future."] ['Chicago Pulaski Jones  is a young championship dancer and choreographer from Chicago seeking fame and fortune. He prepares for a final dance battle with his crew before he goes to work with his uncle in Hollybank. Chicago\'s uncle, Daddy J , opens up his new club called the Tatou. His nemesis, Pretty-Eyed Willy , owns a club across the street called Mascara, which is an unpopular club. One day, Pretty-Eyed Willy shows up at a barber shop where Daddy J is and offers him to sell his club to him and Daddy J refuses. Chicago finally arrives in Hollybank and heads straight to his uncle\'s club. He meets Daddy J upstairs and Daddy J tells Chicago that he has a surprise for him. They go downstairs to watch the show and the singer turns out to be Chicago\'s old friend, Chaka Lovebell . Daddy J goes back upstairs to his office while Chicago continues to watch Chaka\'s performance. When he gets there, Pretty-Eyed Willy and his gang make a special and unwelcome appearance. Pretty-Eyed Willy tells Daddy J that he is prepared to take over his club. Daddy J orders Pretty-Eyed Willy to take his gang and leave, but they refuse. Pretty-Eyed Willy takes off his glove on his right hand and shows Daddy J his "death hand", chokes him to death and destroys his office. Downstairs, Chicago meets up with Chaka and has a nice conversation with her. They go back upstairs and find Daddy J dead on the floor and Chicago tells Chaka to get help. The police arrive and one of the detectives  says there\'s nothing that they can do. Chicago demands the police to find out what happened to his uncle, but it\'s no help. The next day, Chicago and Chaka go to Daddy J\'s funeral. Chaka asks Chicago if he will return to his hometown now that his uncle is dead, but Chicago tells her that he will not leave until he finds out who killed Daddy J. Chaka goes up and sings a tribute song to Daddy J and suddenly Pretty-Eyed Willy shows up. He confesses in front of everyone that he killed Daddy J, which makes Chicago very angry and vows revenge against him. Pretty-Eyed Willy demands to know who Chicago is and someone yells out that Chicago is Daddy J\'s nephew. After hearing this, Pretty-Eyed Willy orders two of his men to kill Chicago. The two men chase Chicago to a park and beat him senseless. Suddenly, a man in a white suit and a white mask appears out of nowhere and beats up the two men, but Chicago is so weak from his wounds he passes out. Chicago wakes up in the man\'s home and the man introduces himself as Julius Ho , a 75-year-old martial arts expert. Chicago tells Julius that he\'s trying to find Pretty-Eyed Willy, but Julius tells Chicago that Pretty Eyed Willy is not easy to defeat because he once trained him and Pretty-Eyed Willy used his moves for evil things, including trying to kill Julius. Due to the fact that Chicago can\'t fight, Julius tells him that he will teach him kung-fu. Pretty Eyed Willy has now taken over the Tatou club and has called it Mascara Remixed. He fires Daddy J\'s employees, kidnaps Chaka and forces her to be one of his singers. Pretty-Eyed Willy\'s girlfriend, Vandetta, , warns Chaka that if she doesn\'t cooperate, she\'ll die just like Daddy J and the assumed dead Chicago. Meanwhile, Julius starts training Chicago to learn kung-fu, but it turns out that Chicago is not kung-fu material. Chicago finds a radio and starts playing music. He starts dancing and Julius notices that Chicago\'s dancing moves seem similar to kung-fu moves. Julius sneaks up on Chicago with a long stick to test him out and Chicago blocks every move that Julius makes. Julius tells Chicago that he can only fight if there\'s music playing. Chicago and Julius go to a mechanic shop and notices that one of Pretty-Eyed Willy\'s men is there. Julius sneaks in and begins fighting him. Chicago walks in and he somehow distracts Julius, which causes the man to pull out a knife and stab Julius in his back, killing him. The man grabs Chicago by the throat with his knife in the other hand and threatens to kill him. Suddenly, music starts playing and Chicago tests out his new fighting skills on the man, defeats him and runs towards Julius, who is lying on the ground. Julius tells Chicago that "the music is all around you" and dies. The man that Chicago beat up before gets a call from Pretty-Eyed Willy\'s right hand man, Jamal , and the man tells him that Chicago is still alive and is on his way to kill Pretty-Eyed Willy. Jamal warns Pretty-Eyed Willy about Chicago. Pretty Eyed Willy gets angry and kills one of his men for lying to him. Chicago makes his way to his uncle\'s club, but on his way there, he runs into some more of Pretty-Eyed Willy\'s goons. Chicago finally arrives at the club and runs into a fighting crack addict  and kicks him off the balcony of a bar. He runs into two more guys and after defeating them, he is knocked out by the crack addict, who takes him to a basement and ties him to a pipe. The crack addict calls Jamal and tells him he has captured Chicago. Jamal arrives at the basement and tells the crack addict not to kill Chicago and save him for Pretty Eyed Willy. However, neither of them are aware that Chicago can hear music coming from the vent and he begins to untie himself. As the crack addict prepares to burn Chicago with an iron, Chicago becomes free and knocks the crack addict to the floor with the iron falling on him instead. Chicago continues to search for Pretty Eyed Willy, but he is stopped by a group of fighting females and three other guys. While he\'s fighting, he\'s unaware that Pretty-Eyed Willy is watching. The DJ starts mixing up the music and Chicago has trouble fighting, which makes Pretty-Eyed Willy discover his secret. After the fight, Chicago finally finds Pretty-Eyed Willy and notices that he has kidnapped Chaka. Pretty-Eyed Willy and Jamal take Chaka on the roof where Chicago follows them. Pretty-Eyed Willy pushes Chaka against a car, knocking her out. Chicago gets angry and prepares to fight him, but he realizes that there\'s no music playing. Pretty-Eyed Willy beats Chicago up and knocks him to the ground. He pulls off his glove and chokes Chicago with the "death hand", which is the same way he killed Daddy J. Pretty-Eyed Willy announces that he will take over the whole city, however, he gets disappointed in Jamal for letting Chicago in the club and knocks him out. Wounded on the ground, Chicago starts having flashbacks and remembers what Julius Ho said before he died. Suddenly, Chicago starts hearing sounds from bottles, water drops, trash cans and other items and notices that all of them make a beat and he stands to his feet. Pretty-Eyed Willy turns around and is shocked to see that Chicago is still alive. Chicago starts dancing and beats up Pretty-Eyed Willy, but Pretty Eyed Willy continues to remain unharmed. Pretty-Eyed Willy shows Chicago his "death hand" and somehow Chicago takes full control of the "death hand" and forces it to choke and kill Pretty-Eyed Willy. Chicago revives and rescues Chaka and the two of them head back to the club. Chicago becomes the new owner of the Tatou club and he and Chaka become a couple. He picks up a photo of his uncle and says that Pretty-Eyed Willy is gone and tosses Pretty-Eyed Willy\'s eye patch in a trash can. Pretty-Eyed Willy\'s body is shown at a morgue and somehow his "death hand" comes alive on its own and injects him with a syringe, bringing him back to life. The movie ends with Pretty-Eyed Willy laughing as the "death hand" jumps in front of the camera and he says "Why am I naked?".'] ['Businessman Oh Dae-su is kidnapped the night of his young daughter\'s birthday and placed in solitary confinement in a hotel-like prison. Confined with no human contact or explanation for his kidnapping, Dae-Su soon learns through news reports his wife has been murdered, he is the prime suspect. Years pass with him in confinement, and Dae-su passes the time shadowboxing, planning revenge, and secretly attempting to tunnel out of his cell; after exactly fifteen years of confinement, Dae-su is released without explanation on a rooftop. Receiving a phone call from his captor and later collapsing at a sushi restaurant, Dae-su is taken in by Mi-do, the restaurant\'s young chef. After Dae-su tries to sexually assault Mi-do, she confides that she reciprocates his attraction to her, and states she will have sex with him when she is ready. After discovering his daughter has been adopted in Stockholm, a man communicating with Mi-do via instant messaging recognizes and taunts Dae-su; recalling the dumplings he ate daily while imprisoned, Dae-su tracks down the restaurant that makes them and follows a delivery moped to his captors. Discovering he was held in a private prison where people can pay to have others incarcerated, Dae-su tortures the owner Mr. Park for answers; he then finds out he was imprisoned for "talking too much", and fights his way out of the building. Revealing himself as Dae-su\'s kidnapper, Woo-jin Lee approaches Dae-su and gives him an ultimatum; discovering his motives in five days will result in Woo-jin killing himself, but failing will result in Mi-do\'s death. As Dae-su and Mi-do grow emotionally intimate, the two have sex. Dae-su discovers he and Woo-jin attended the same high school, and remembers spying on Woo-jin\'s incestuous relationship with his sister, Soo-ah. Unaware of the familial ties, he inadvertently spread a rumor before moving to Seoul; as a result of the rumor, Soo-ah suffered from false signs of pregnancy and committed suicide. Joining Dae-su\'s side after having his hand amputated by Woo-jin, Mr. Park agrees to incarcerate and protect Mi-do while Dae-su confronts Woo-jin. Arriving at Woo-jin\'s penthouse, Dae-su admits he accidentally drove Soo-ah to suicide. Woo-jin then reveals that he has been controlling Dae-su\'s actions; by giving Dae-su a photo album, Woo-jin imparts that Mi-do is actually Dae-su\'s daughter, and that he orchestrated events through a hypnotist to make them fall in love and commit incest. A horrified Dae-su, now aware that Mr. Park is still working for Woo-jin, begs the latter to conceal the secret from Mi-do, grovelling for forgiveness before slicing out his own tongue as a symbol of his silence. Asking Mr. Park to spare Mi-do from the truth, Woo-jin leaves in an elevator, only to relive his sister\'s death and shoot himself. Some time later, Dae-su sits in a winter landscape with the hypnotist whom Woo-jin used; touched by Dae-su\'s handwritten pleas, she hypnotizes him and alters his memories. Mi-do then finds Dae-su alone in the snow, and tells him she loves him before embracing him.'] ['Fred Simmons  is a fourth-degree black belt in Taekwondo and runs his own dojang in a small North Carolina town. Fred styles himself a big shot, driving a Ferrari and extolling the virtues of Taekwondo to potential new students, but loses his confidence after he discovers that his wife, Suzie  gave her boss a handjob after a drunken office party. In order to restore his confidence, he attends a martial arts expo to meet his idol, B movie action star Chuck "the Truck" Wallace ([[Ben Best  who in reality turns out to be a dirty and drunken mess. After nearly brawling with Chuck\'s seedy friends, Fred persuades Chuck to make an appearance at his upcoming Taekwondo belt test and then parties with his friends and students in Chuck\'s hotel room. Fred returns home and sells his Ferrari to pay Chuck\'s $10,000 appearance fee. Shortly thereafter, Suzie returns to Fred after losing her job. On the night before the belt test, Fred catches Suzie having sex with Chuck on his own couch. Fred challenges Chuck to a fight, but is eventually beaten and driven off. The next morning, Suzie once again asks to be taken back, but Fred rejects her and urinates on his wedding ring. Fred arrives at the test late, battered and bruised, but with his confidence restored. When Chuck arrives for his appearance, Fred challenges him to a martial arts demonstration of board breaking, which he wins. At the following belt ceremony, Fred reads a new student pledge that he has written, which outlines the goals and responsibilities of Taekwondo.'] ['Alexander Fu Sheng and Adam Cheng star as rival students of the same kung fu master. The Rat  and Cat  have spent years arguing over who has the most powerful kung fu. When the Cat is appointed as guardian to the emperor, the Rat becomes profoundly jealous and hatches a plot to discredit his rival.'] ['The movie opens with a young boy running to meet his grandfather , who lies dying on his bed. The young boy sadly explains that he could not find the medicine required to cure his grandfather\'s ailment and wonders aloud who will take care of him after his grandfather passes away. His dying grandfather attempts to reassure the young boy, and explains that he should go to America. He further explains that when he was younger and working as a merchant marine, he met "the most beautiful girl" in America, and tells the young boy that if he goes there, she will take very good care of him. As the young boy is asking how to find her, his grandfather passes away and the movie fades to black. When it fades back in, quite some time has passed and the young boy, who is now an adult, has arrived in America and has begun working as a chef, catering to some gangsters in California. The gangsters, who call the man "Bruce" for his resemblance to the martial arts master Bruce Lee, are having trouble keeping their "boss of bosses" happy, and are trying to come up with the perfect solution to distributing cocaine to all of their clients throughout the United States. Some previous attempts at moving the drug have resulted in busts, and the boss of bosses is not happy. Through a series of misunderstandings, Bruce makes it into the local newspaper as a hero, having thwarted an attempted robbery at the local market. Bruce\'s boss, Lil Pete, sees the newspaper and quickly devises a plan putting Bruce in control of moving the cocaine across the country, using Freddy, a stooge associated with the drug lords, as Bruce\'s limousine chauffeur. He convinces Bruce  that he should drive to New York, not fly, as flying would rob him of seeing the beautiful countryside. Bruce agrees and the rest of the movie follows an unknowing Bruce delivering what he thinks to be flour to associates of the gangsters across the country, and the interactions he has with the people on this trip.'] ["Meng Hu  and Capt. Chow Lung  are local supercops who are cracking down on crime with a vengeance. That is, until several fighters get the drop on Chow who ends up dead. Meng blames himself and retires from crime fighting to become a pathetic drunk, drowning in shame. He finds work at a brothel for a time, until a patron's abuse of one of the girls causes him to interfere despite his refusal to fight. After being wounded, he stumbles to the doorstep of a martial arts school run by Magistrate Chen . Hoping to stay away from conflict, Meng finds work there, but trouble finds him anyway. A white-haired master named Chung Tung  tries to bribe Chen into letting opium smugglers into the city. Chen refuses and has acupuncture needles thrust into him that will kill him unless removed by Chung Tung who hopes to control the magistrate. Pushed to the limit, Meng finally comes up with a plan to help beat Chung Tung and save Chen. Sadly, Chen believes his son and daughter are giving into Chung Tung and he removes the needles himself. With nothing holding them back, Meng and Chen's offspring leap into action to take out this pack of drug pushers."] ["A young student named San Te is drawn by his activist teacher into the local rebellion against the Manchu government. The government officials suppress the uprising and liquidate the school, killing friends and family members as well. San Te seeks vengeance. Wounded in an attack by Manchu henchmen, he flees to the Shaolin temple and seeks training in kung fu. Initially the Buddhist monks reject him, since he is an outsider, but the chief abbot takes mercy on the young man and lets him stay. One year later, he begins his martial arts training in the temple's 35 chambers and advances more rapidly than any previous student. Along the way, he is depicted as inventing the three section staff. However, as San Te nears the end of his education, the temple officially exiles him in a surreptitious way to allow him to aid the people against the oppressors. He returns to the outside world, namely to his hometown, and assists the people by teaching them martial arts. Before the political revolution he is inspiring to complete, he is forced into conflict with the Manchu governor. Finally, he triumphs and returns to the Shaolin temple, where he establishes the 36th chamber, a special martial arts class for laypeople to learn kung fu."] ['J.D.  is a trucker from California. When he returns to his home he learns that an old friend of his was wasted by Sergeant Strode , a local policeman in a little town called "Texas City". He starts making inquiries about "Texas City", a revived but still dilapitated former ghost town, which has recently received town ordinances and privileges. Word is, "Texas City" has already a tradition of trapping truckers. Its policemen work the roads like modern robber-knights, led by a hypocritic drunkard who calls himself a judge. When his younger brother Billy  goes about his first solo run J.D. warns him to stay away from this town. But the unexperienced greenhorn is easily lured into a trap when a policeman from “Texas City” uses CB technology to pretend he was a trucker who just wants to help him. Billy is told he should avoid speed traps by choosing a different route which allegedly provides “a clean run”. Once Billy has left the main road he is game. “Texas City” police stops him and makes him believe he had to change his route again because of an accident. Thus he enters the territory of the greedy, corrupt “judge” Trimmings who rips him off by using threadbare pretences and arrests him. After Billy Dawes has vanished, his older brother, J.D. sets out in search of him. He goes to “Texas City” where he witnesses a city council meeting where Trimmings\' stooges boast about their booties. Trimmings outlaws him and J.D. has to fight his way out. Even so, he has already befriended the waitress in the local diner. The single mother provides a refuge and J.D. shows he is an able step-father. Soon he takes a new approach and gets into fight with the owner of the local wrecking yard. He is blindsided, knocked out and thrown into a junk press. Still groggy he has to fight for dear life. Climbing out of the started press he kicks the yard owner who stumbles about his junk and hits the ground while falling down backwards. J.D., shocked by this accident, is arrested and sentenced to death by Trimmings. J.D.\'s trucker friends hear about it by J.D.\'s girl-friend who can access a CB radio station. They come to rescue him and simply tear the town down. J.D. can continue the search for his brother but he is hit by a stray bullet. He runs into Sergeant Strode while Strode is mistreating little Billy. Time has come for the final showdown between J.D. and the scourge of his friends, the evil Sergeant Strode.'] ['Weeks after Chan Ho Nam  is elected branch leader of Causeway Bay of the "Hung Hing" Society, "Chicken" Chiu , after joined the Taiwanese "San Luen" triad, is reinstated into Hung Hing by Chairman Chiang Tin Sung . At the same time, rival triad "Tung Sing", led by "Camel" Lok  begins to make a name for itself, establishing bars and clubs alongside Hung Hing\'s areas of operations. Things become heated when Tung Sing member "Crow"  fuels a deep-seated rivalry between him and Ho Nam, with the threat of open war between the two societies. Meanwhile, Ho Nam\'s stuttering girlfriend Smartie , who was critically injured in a vehicular accident and slipped into a coma, reawakens but with no prior memories to her meeting with Ho Nam for the first time. Regardless, Ho Nam assures her he and his friends will protect her. To add in a stick of comedy, Father "Lethal Weapon" Lam  introduces his daughter Shuk Fan  to Chicken, having been good friends and a source of advice for him. During a business trip to Amsterdam with his mistress and Ho Nam, Chairman Chiang is assassinated by thugs. While the rest of Hung Hing believes the hit was orchestrated by Ho Nam, it is the deranged Crow who ordered the chairman\'s death, using Chiang\'s mistress to falsify evidence, framing Ho Nam. While Ho Nam goes into hiding back in Hong Kong, Crow is reprimanded by Camel; to add to his insanity, Crow kills his own boss and makes it look like a Hung Hing assassination. Drunk with power, Crow wants nothing more than to destroy Hung Hing and orders his men to search frantically for Ho Nam. Fortunately, Ho Nam is quick to realize the ambush and escapes with Smartie, until Crow\'s men manages to separate the two. In their attempt, Smartie is captured but suffers a blow to the head, restoring her memories. Crow tells Ho Nam if he wants his name cleared and his woman back, he must meet him alone. Yet, the crazed Crow does not keep his word and kills Smartie in cold blood in front of Ho Nam. Just as Crow is about to finish him, Chicken bursts in and reaches a stalemate with Crow to ensure Ho Nam\'s safety. The saddened Ho Nam carries Smartie\'s body out with him and gives her a proper funeral. Now fueled solely on vengeance, Ho Nam decides to march into Tung Sing territory and kill Crow at Camel\'s funeral haphazardly. Fortunately, Ho Nam\'s friends and the rest of Hung Hing manage to capture and threaten Tung Sing member "Tiger" , who tells all of Crow\'s madness in killing both their societies\' leaders. Crow is left nowhere to run from his enemies, and in the midst of a Hung Hing/Tung Sing brawl, he is killed in the funeral pyre. With Crow dead, Tung Sing is left in disarray, and Hung Hing re-establishes control in its territories it was officially reinnaugurated by Young and Dangerous 4 it was officially premiered on 28 March 1997.'] ['The re-informed with the events of the previous film. In a flashback to Young and Dangerous, "Chicken" Chiu  heads into exile and decides to go to Taiwan, after a failed hit. The first part of the movie details the events leading up to his return to Hong Kong, following the death of his boss "Uncle Bee" . In Taiwan, Chicken\'s cousin introduces him to the "San Luen" Triad, headed by an influential Taiwanese senator. Although the atmosphere in the city is quite different than Hong Kong, Chicken gains the senator\'s favor by assassinating his rival. Pleased with the youth\'s initiative, he promotes Chicken to branch leader and does not even mind Chicken having been smitten with his beautiful mistress. Upon hearing news of Bee\'s death, Chicken returns to Hong Kong and helps best friend Chan Ho Nam  to get rid of corrupt "Hung Hing" Chairman "Ugly Kwan" . The second part of the movie deals with returning Hung Hing Chairman Chiang Tin Sang  trying to ally with San Luen and promote relationships, while trying to find a replacement branch leader of Causeway Bay, a position Bee held. Ho Nam is the most likely candidate, being Bee\'s must trusted underling, but a rivalry breaks out when another member "Tai Fei"  wants the position for himself. At the same time, Ho Nam\'s friend Pou Pan  recruits "Banana" , who bewilders Ho Nam and the rest of his friends because of his facial similarity to Pou Pan\'s deceased brother Chow Pan. During a visit back to Chinese Taipei to see and thank the senator personally for helping them get rid of Kwan, Ho Nam and Chicken find him dead and are accused by San Luen of killing him. In actuality, the culprit is the senator\'s mistress, who uses this opportunity to lead San Luen and break Hung Hing\'s grip on their gambling spots in Macau, reinforcing San Luen influence in the area. To that end, Tai Fei willingly allies with her and plots to have Ho Nam\'s candidacy for the Causeway Bay branch leadership tainted. Ho Nam is barely swayed by Tai Fei\'s threats, until a car accident cripples his girlfriend Smartie , putting her in a coma. Although disheartened at her condition, Ho Nam does not back out of the candidacy, and plans to stage an intervention at a San Luen opening of a new Macau casino, during which an important member of the Macau government will attend. Ho Nam\'s sabotage of the event is successful, destroying any credibility San Luen has in Macau and to Tai Fei\'s nomination. In a tense Mexican standoff at town square, the senator\'s mistress and Tai Fei decides to settle things with Ho Nam and Chicken, summoning hundreds of San Luen and Hung Hing members. While it appears the victory is in the mistress\' hands, it is Tai Fei who turns the gun on her: it was all a ploy on Hung Hing\'s part for him to ally with San Luen and provide a means to weed out any corrupt members in the Taiwanese society. Realizing it was she who killed the senator, San Luen\'s branch leaders decide to take her back to Taiwan for punishment, but Chicken requests he speak with her before she is led away. Upon stating she is the only woman he has ever truly loved, he executes her on the spot, knowing full well she will die more painfully in Taiwan. With the matter settled, Tai Fei abstains from the Causeway Bay branch leadership candidacy and Ho Nam is elected its leader at the snapshot to potraits as the background and screen fades to black and the movie ends it was officially reinnaugurated by Young and Dangerous 3 it was officially premiered on 29 June 1996.'] ["Nick Taylor  is the kickboxing champion of the world but his reign is cut short by Jake Gerard . Gerard is similar to a Clubber Lang type character. Taylor gives up and his completely destroyed by Gerard's brutal victory over him. He retires and remains that way until he comes across a promising newcomer, Danny Davis . Taylor trains Davis to avenge his title and Davis defeats every fighter in his path. In the end Jake Gerard and Nick Taylor square off in a battle royal on top of a roof lit by neon signs."] ['Planning to go away to Japan with Grandpa is not as easy as Samuel "Rocky" Douglas , Jeffrey "Colt" Douglas , and Michael "Tum Tum" Douglas  had hoped. After expressing their different views on how they want to spend their vacation, Mori  becomes concerned that his grandchildren are growing apart, both from himself and from each other. Tum-Tum seems to be the only one interested in traveling to Japan, and even then only hopes to go and watch Sumo wrestlers due to the amount of food they are able to consume every day, while Mori intends to return a dagger to the Grand Master at a martial arts tournament that he had won 50 years prior from a boy named Koga . Meanwhile, in Japan, a figure dressed in all black ninja attire sneaks into a museum. After defeating several guards, the mysterious figure makes off with a valuable sword and escapes via a hang glider into the night. In the U.S., a baseball game determines that the three ninjas are experiencing the pains of growing up. Colt has become impatient and very short-tempered, starting fights with several of the bigger bullies on the opposing team. Rocky is very easily distracted by the school hottie Lisa D. Marino , and Tum-Tum\'s self obsession with food breaks several plays, though not before a very flatulent batter breaks wind, causing the youngest of the Douglases to pass out. A huge in-game fight causes the umpire to call off the championship game, delaying it a week, driving a nail into Mori\'s plans to take his grandchildren to Japan as they wish to remain and finish the game. Enroute to the airport, a sticker falls off Tum-Tum\'s bag, and Sam picks up the wrong one, thinking it is Mori\'s bag. After Mori departs, the kids discover three intruders at Mori\'s house and fend off the property. Little do they realize that the trio is led by Koga\'s platinum rocker haired nephew, Glam  and his friends who were sent to steal the dagger from Mori. After a call from Mori that a fender bender put him into a hospital, the boys discover that Tum-Tum has Mori\'s bag with the dagger inside. They decide to, without their parents\' knowledge or permission, use a recording of their conversation with Mori to authorize plane tickets to Japan. Upon their arrival, they reveal to Mori that they have the dagger, and he instructs them to deliver it to the Grand Master. Disguised as nurses, Glam and his friends record their conversation and deliver it to Koga, who punishes them for not once but three times failing to deliver the dagger, before creating a plan to get it back. The boys attend the tournament, and Colt, dressed as a participant is not only painfully defeated, but by a girl named Miyo , a baseball enthusiast as well, but with no skill in the sport whatsoever. She offers the boys a place to stay and in return for training in baseball, she will teach them some of her martial arts skill. Rocky develops an attraction for Miyo, and puts aside his shame for having to use reading glasses as she has a pair of her own. The Grand Master pays a visit, but the boys and Miyo are suspicious when he speaks English to them, as he had previously been unable to and Miyo had to translate for him. As well as wearing a pair of black shoes whereas before he was barefoot. When Miyo discovers the deception, she warns the boys who find out that it is in fact Koga in disguise. He sends his henchmen after the children who soundly defeat most of the troop before they are themselves captured. At the same time, Mori is taken from the hospital after a botched attempt from Glam and his friends to secure him themselves. They are all reunited, and Koga threatens the boys\' lives unless Mori relinquishes his dagger. Mori agrees, and they travel to a hidden cave, which the sword and the dagger are keys to unlock the doorway to lead them to a legendary Cave of Gold. After escaping their captivity, Rocky, Colt, Tum-Tum and Miyo take hang gliders to catch up with Mori and Koga, arriving in the cave they battle and elude each of Koga\'s men. Mori and Koga discover the cave of Gold, and as Koga readies to shoot Mori, the children arrive, prompting Koga to instead try to kill all of them. Remembering training that Mori taught him about patience, Colt manages to throw a small ninja ball into the barrel of the gun, causing it to back-fire. The explosion causes the cave to begin to collapse and all six of them manage to escape the cave. After realizing what the greed had done to him, Koga throws the sword into the cave, closing the door forever. After Koga apologizes to Mori and the children for his behavior, Mori presents Miyo, the new champion of the martial arts tournament with the dagger as he was presented it 50 years ago. They then realize that they can make it back to the United States before the championship game. When they return, they overcome their flaws. Tum-Tum stopping two runs from scoring, despite the bean kids\' flatulence. Rocky throws a pitch, which is hit into the outfield, though a player who had been short-notice registered to the roster catches the ball, revealing that its Miyo. And using his training, Colt is able to hit a bases-loaded home run. After the game is won and over, the bullies attempt to confront Miyo in the parking lot, and despite Tum-Tum\'s warnings that "She\'s just a girl!" they try to fight her, only to be beaten up.'] ["Khamlao is a secret agent for the country of Wongnaileum, which shares the common Isan dialect and culture with its neighboring country, Thailand . He is dispatched to Bangkok on a secret mission to track down some terrorists. To do so, he goes undercover as a luk thung singer working for a record label that serves as a front company for dealers in weapons of mass destruction. As he probes deep inside the record company, he finds that the company's executive secretary is actually a CIA agent, assigned to the same mission. Meanwhile, Khamlao's wife, Keaw, discovers that Khamlao had lied to her about his job in Thailand. The end of the film leaves where the first film starts."] ['In "Lion Vs. Lion", a teacher comes across a secret list of anti-Ching rebel names and quickly becomes a target for Ching loyalists. "The Five Venoms" actor Lo Meng, an ex-police officer teams up with kung fu comedic actor Wong Yue, a coffin maker and usual con-man, to return a lost package to a mysterious woman . Meng and Yue get caught up in the situation further after winning a lion dance contest against Wang Lung-Wei in which the prize contains the list he is also after.'] ['The basic plot revolves around a small microfilm containing details of a group of villains involved in illegal activities. The microfilm is in the possession of some petty thieves, whilst the police are looking for it to prove the villains guilt, the villains want it destroyed.'] ["Fuyajo is about Kenichi who struggles within the gangster world in Kabukicho. He is despised by locals as being a 'fake' Japanese, as he is half Taiwanese and half Japanese. He is framed for covering up an old friend who murdered one of the bosses, and he meets this very person's girlfriend Natsumi, and they join together as fugitives."] ['The master of the respectable and honored Iron Flag Clan  is murdered by the mysterious Spearman, an assassin hired by the elder brother of the clan Chow Feng . Brother Lo  takes the heat when the authorities arrive to make an arrest and agrees to go away for a while. Chow Feng offers to send him money, however money never arrives, only killers constantly trying to take Brother Lo’s life. The Spearman arrives again, only this time to save Brother Lo from being murdered. Spearman admits to Lo that he killed his Chief but he was tricked into doing so by Chow Feng so that Chow Feng could take over not only the Iron Flag Clan but their rivals the Eagles. Lo and his brother Iron Monkey team up with the Spearman to go after Chow Feng and take revenge for their murdered chief.'] ['The first part of the movie takes place in Bangkok, Thailand. Gou Fei\'s  friend Sam Sei  borrows money from a loan shark to give Gou Fei\'s departed mother a proper burial. The loan shark kidnaps Sam and Gao Fei rescues him by confronting the loan shark and persuade him to give more time for Sam to re-pay the loan. The loan shark does not comply and orders his cohorts to kill Sam but Gou Fei punches two of them before he engages a knife fight with the remaining gang members. After doing so, the loan shark attempts to shoot Gou Fei but he wrestles the gun out of the shark\'s grasp, frees a trapped Sam Sei and escapes. Not wanting to lose face, the loan shark promises to kill them, so Gou Fei and Sam Sei flee the city. To earn money, they team up with Sam\'s cousin Judge  for a heist. The group meets up, although a fight between Gou Fei\'s and Judge\'s friend  breaks out which is triggered off by Gou Fei making remarks about Lau Ngang. After the initial group meeting, Judge, meanwhile, is offered money from the loan shark to kill Gao Fei and Sam during the heist. The heist begins with Gou Fei blocking traffic while Lau Ngang tosses a grenade into an irate driver\'s car, which explodes. The intended target is a lorry and the group shoots and kills the passengers. Psycho gets in the truck but kicks Chung out and prevents him from boarding. The heist is successful but Judge betrays Gou Fei by attempting to kill him only to kill Chung instead. A car chase ensues between the two. The scene ends when Gou Fei flips his car up-side down. Judge examines the wreckage only to be ambushed by Gou Fei. Another fight ensues, Judge slices Gou Fei\'s right finger and thumb but is interrupted by a resident who shoots in the air telling them to leave. The stolen truck, now occupied by Lau Ngang and Psycho shoot at the house killing everyone but a girl. Gou Fei takes shelter but Sam Sei appears with a gun intending to kill Gou Fei  but shoots him once in the chest and the rest at the floor. Sam Sei walks out with a pair of bloody eyes to prove that he has "killed" Gou Fei . Convinced, he shoots the pressure cooker, causing it to explode, burning alive the previously shot resident and the girl, leaving her with 3rd degree burns. Gou Fei, assumed to be dead, returns to the city, finding Sam now a competent gangster. Seemingly seeking revenge, he steals the shipment of guns Judge was hoping to sell and ransoms them back. The money is for the hospital bed stricken girl burned in the fire fight. The pair meet again but not before Gou Fei guns down all of Judge\'s cohorts including Psycho. Judge gives Gou Fei the money and asks for the goods but Gou Fei simply detonates the goods in the end, much to Judge\'s chagrin. The two shoot at each other but it\'s Gou Fei who gains the upper hand when he throws his butterfly knife at Judge. Gou Fei finally kills Judge before quipping "Go masturbate in hell!"'] ['Five Element Ninjas is a tale of vengeance, betrayal, and ambition against the backdrop of ninja martial skills and arts. When his school is destroyed and his colleagues all slaughtered by supreme ninja Cheng Yun and his five element ninjas, Tsiau Chin Hau sets out to take his revenge. But stopping the elemental ninjas  is an awesome task. So, Chin studies the secrets of the ninja under the guidance of teacher Yan Yong Fe. Thus armed, Chin and his newfound cohorts Li Yin Win, Chan Sin, and Wan Fong challenge the element ninjas in a climactic battle to the death.'] ['Carter  is directing traffic. Concurrently, Chinese Ambassador Han addresses the importance of fighting the Triads at the World Criminal Court, announcing that he may know the whereabouts of Shy Shen, a semi-mythical individual of great importance to the Triads. Before announcing, an assassin shoots and Han takes a bullet in the shoulder, disrupting the conference. Detective Lee  pursues the shooter and corners him, discovering that the assassin is his Japanese foster brother Kenji . When Lee hesitates to shoot Kenji, he makes his escape. In the hospital, Lee learns that Han will make a full recovery. Han\'s daughter, Soo-Yung , now grown up, arrives and makes Lee and Carter promise to capture the one behind the shooting. She then informs Lee and Carter that her father gave her an envelope which contains important information regarding the Triad, and that the envelope is in her locker at the martial arts studio where she teaches. Lee and Carter make their way to the studio, but find out that a gang of armed men have already arrived and emptied it. The duo are then told by the Master of the studio that Soo-Yung and Han are in danger, and rush back to the hospital. Once the two reach the hospital, a gang of assassins arrive to kill Soo-Yung and Han. Lee and Carter manage to defeat them. They interrogate the leader of the assassins but find that he only speaks French. A nun, Sister Agnes , who can speak French, translates for them and Carter and Lee find out that they are marked for death by the Triad along with Soo-Yung and Han. For her protection, they take her to the French Embassy and leave her under the care of Reynard , the French ambassador and the chairman of the World Criminal Court. When a car bomb nearly kills Reynard and Soo-Yung the duo decides to go to Paris to investigate. In Paris, after getting a painful cavity search from a Parisian commissioner , Lee and Carter meet up with George, a taxi driver , who is prejudiced against Americans. He drives them to a Triad hideout. Once there, Lee fights off a Triad assassin named Jasmine  while Carter meets a beautiful woman whose name is not disclosed . Lee and Carter escape and Reynard later tells Lee that Shy Shen is not a person, but a list of the Triad leaders and reveals that Han\'s informant knows where to find it. The informant turns out to be Geneviève, the woman Carter met at the gentlemen\'s club.  After the two locate Geneviève, they save her from an assassination attempt by the Triads and flee to their hotel room. Privately, Carter tries to interrogate Genviève but they find themselves falling in love with each other. They eventually start making love. However, they are attacked again by Jasmine. No longer safe at the hotel, they decide to hide out with George, who now has developed a great appreciation for the United States. Lee and Carter learn that Geneviève not only knows where the list is, but that she is the list. The names of the thirteen Triad leaders have been tattooed on the back of her head, as per tradition, and Geneviève explains that she will be decapitated and buried if the Triads capture her. When Lee and Carter bring Geneviève to Reynard, he accidentally reveals that he has been working with the Triads all along. Kenji calls and informs Lee that he has captured Soo-Yung and that he would like to exchange her for Geneviève. Lee arrives at the exchange point, the Jules Verne Restaurant in the Eiffel Tower, with Carter disguised as Geneviève. Kenji challenges Lee to a sword fight, during which the two fall off the tower and get caught in a safety net. Kenji\'s sword cuts the safety net open and it collapses, leaving both men hanging on for dear life. Lee grabs Kenji\'s arm, intending to save his life. Kenji says his final goodbye to Lee and willingly lets go of him as he falls to his death, saving Lee\'s life. Lee then manages to climb up to safety. Meanwhile, Carter saves Soo-Yung and they defeat Jasmine who gets stuck between a large wheel and is split in half . As Carter and Lee send Soo-Yung down the elevator to safety, they make their escape from the Triads by gliding down to safety with a large French flag. Unfortunately, they are confronted by Reynard, holding Geneviève hostage and threatening to kill her and frame them. However, George, having followed Lee and Carter, shoots Reynard from behind. The police arrive, with the commissioner gloating and trying to get undeserved credit. After giving the commissioner a team punch to the face, Lee and Carter leave the scene dancing to the song "War" by Edwin Starr.'] ["Martial arts champion Andre Lima's fighting days ended with his wife's death. The past nine years Andre has struggled to rebuild his world around his two children. When his daughter's health suddenly fails, his finances collapse. Returning to the ring to save her life, Andre finds himself in a fight to save his own."] ['Tai, a young man arrested on a crime charge, is discharged thanks to his twin brother Tan\'s dogged help. After being set free, he finds Tan in a coma with severe injuries. Tan\'s girlfriend, Pang, tells Tai that his brother got involved in some risky business to raise money to fight Tai\'s case. Tai feels guilty that his problems brought his brother trouble. He then traces what happened to Tan, which ultimately leads him into illegal basketball gambling. Tai wants to find out who is behind this gambling and why his brother was beaten unconscious. He finally joins the "Fireball" team, a team which belongs to Hia Den and whose players include Singha, Kay, Ik, and Muek. In order to uncover the truth, Tai trades many things-possibly even his life.'] ['Colombian drug lord Ramon Cota , the richest drug kingpin in the world, controls the cocaine industry with an iron fist. His drugs pour steadily into America, corrupting the country\'s youth and causing a feud between the D.E.A and San Carlos, Cota\'s country of origin. The film\'s prologue takes place during Carnaval in Rio De Janeiro, as an undercover task force led by several DEA agents conduct surveillance on a private party that Cota is attending ; however, the surveillance team is ambushed by Cota\'s hitmen . The DEA enlists the support of the U.S. Army\'s Delta Force in order to infiltrate San Carlos instead of sending DEA agents due to the massacre in Rio - like the first film, there is an undercover agent within Cota\'s drug cartel . Colonel Scott McCoy  and his partner, Major Bobby Chavez , bring Cota to court . Unfortunately, their efforts amount to nothing as Cota is easily able to post bail and escape. Unable to contain his rage, Chavez furiously lashes out at Cota in court. Cota decides to strike at Chavez by having Chavez\'s pregnant wife and 13-year-old brother killed. Out on a personal mission of vengeance, Chavez is captured by Cota\'s forces and is tortured and killed. When three DEA agents attempt to go in and bring Cota and his army down, they are taken hostage, and are to be executed. McCoy leads Delta Force in to rescue the hostages. Under the guise of a surveillance mission, the team fly across San Carlos. They then deviate from the agreed flight plan and head south. The chopper then lands and deploys troops to attack and destroy cocaine production facilities in the area. Meanwhile, McCoy sneaks into Cota\'s compound to rescue the DEA hostages and capture Cota. But after releasing the prisoners McCoy is captured by Cota. He is then placed in a chamber that will be filled with toxic gas. But as McCoy starts to die, General Taylor arrives in his heavily-armed gunship. Rockets destroy Cota\'s residence, allowing McCoy to break through the chamber\'s shattered glass. With the help of DEA Agent Page, they place Cota in his own armored limousine and escape. Cota\'s bodyguards pursue the vehicle to a village, but just as McCoy is about to be overrun Taylor arrives with Delta Force. McCoy chases Cota through the jungle during the fighting. After the drug lord kills a villager who wanted revenge for the murder of her family, McCoy arrives and beats him. Cota then tries to goad McCoy into killing him, knowing he is wanted alive. But as Taylor orders ropes to be lowered from the helicopter for the pick up, the last few of Cota\'s men make a final bid to rescue their boss. One of them swings his machete but only manages to partially cut Cota\'s rope before the helicopter heads back to the American carrier fleet. Hanging beneath the chopper, Cota continues to goad McCoy about his invulnerability, saying that once in court he will walk free again. But just as he assures McCoy he is going to have him killed, his rope snaps. Prompting McCoy to wryly observe, "Not today, asshole!". The film ends as the drug baron falls thousands of feet to his death.'] ['{{plot}}  The film starts with a brief recollection of the "King of Killers", a dangerous assassin that has been operating in most of southeast Asia. The King of Killers has no known accomplices or colleagues, is not affiliated with any government, religious, or criminal organization, and to this date their true identity has still remained secret. The King of Killers\' most recent killing became the well-publicized assassination of a notorious ex-yakuza crime boss. In a fit of desperation, the crime boss promises to triple whatever fee the King of Killers is being paid to kill him, then goes on to warn the vigilante that there is a massive revenge fund set to avenge his killing. Ignoring his pleas, the King of Killers silently kills the crime boss. Meanwhile, Fu , a contract killer, became a small town gang member who lives an extremely simple and modest lifestyle. It is revealed that Fu is very kind and has trouble killing innocent people, a trait that causes him to be disliked by the other low rent triad members. When Fu\'s boss reveals that there is now a $100 million US bounty on the King of Killers\' head for the slaying of the yakuza boss, Fu is quick to volunteer for the job, but is instead insulted. Fu then attempts to enter the building where the crime boss\'s lawyers are discussing the terms for the revenge fund, but is detained at the entrance and ushered out by security guards. In self-defense, Fu incapacitates the guards, which draw the attention of Ngok Lo , a seedy contract booker and loan shark, who comes to Fu\'s aid by pretending that he is an agent and Fu is his actor. Thanks to Lo\'s smooth talking, the pair is able to sidle into the meeting. The meeting however, comes to a halt when H.K.P.F. agents, led by detective Chan , raid the building in search of known criminals who are meeting there. Chan, a leading detective, has been working tirelessly to expose the King of Killers\' true identity for years. Meanwhile, the slain crime boss\'s grandson, Eiji Tsukamoto  takes over as the head of the Tsukamoto family, motivated by power. Fu and Lo get acquainted, revealing that Fu is an ex-soldier from mainland China, part of a special, world-famous unit known as the "Golden Soldiers". When Lo asks for a demonstration of Fu\'s skills, he is able to rapidly take down several ruffians simultaneously, but falters when he is confronted by a woman. Lo then explains the deal with Fu, and they head for an amusement park to assassinate the first person believed to be the King of Killers. However, when they get there, it is revealed their target is a simple family man, and instead of killing him, Fu saves his life by killing his other assassins, the low-rank triad members he formerly lived with. Fu and Lo are then arrested, but they are bailed out by Lo\'s daughter, Kiki , an intelligent and successful lawyer fed up with her father\'s scandalous ways and criminal connections. Fu moves in with Lo now that he has no place to stay, and they quickly become friends, Lo claiming he used to be an infamous hitman known as the "Killing Tank" but proving he has no real combat skills or experience. The next day, Fu and Lo travel to a nursing home, in search of an old acquaintance of Lo\'s known only as "Uncle Leung". Unbeknownst to them however, Tsukamoto\'s agents have already traveled to Leung\'s home. While searching his apartment, a third assassin arrives, an explosives expert. The three parties have a standstill in the hallway when Uncle Leung suddenly appears. Chaos erupts as the explosives assassin blows up the apartment, and Fu and Lo immediately take Leung and start running, pursued by both the grenade-using assassin and Tsukamoto\'s agents. Eventually Fu and Lo are confronted by the third assassin, and he tries to kill Leung with a hand grenade, but Fu kicks the grenade back blowing up the assassin with his own grenade. Before they can escape, however, they run into Tsukamoto\'s lead bodyguard, known only as "the Tall Guy" , who is guarding the entrance. The Tall Guy and Fu have a battle, where Fu gains the upper hand before the Tall Guy uses finger and shoe-mounted light-emitting devices to blind Fu and beat him down. With Fu defeated, the three are quickly surrounded by the rest of Tsukamoto\'s agents, as well as Tsukamoto himself. Desperate, Lo quickly shakes Uncle Leung, telling him to tell the others Lo\'s innocent, but the old man emits only one word, a Cantonese obscenity, before he dies. Frustrated, Tsukamoto shoots the dead Leung in the head before turning his gun to Lo, but the Tall Guy says to leave them, advising that killing innocents will only attract more unwanted attention, and Tsukamoto and his agents leave. Back at Lo\'s apartment, the two are alive, but visibly shaken. Kiki and her fiancee, David, then arrive, to finish moving out Kiki\'s belongings, as she is moving in with David. Noticing Fu and Lo\'s battle-scarred appearances, Kiki takes Fu to an ice rink, questioning him as to what her father is up to again, but eventually warming up to him and the two become fast friends. When Fu returns to the apartment, Lo explains his story, and why he was searching for Uncle Leung. A few years prior, Lo had met Leung at an antique shop, where the old man had been attempting to sell some war notes. Feeling pity for the elderly man, Lo befriended him, and learned that the old man\'s entire family had been slain by a Japanese criminal. Since the notes were in truth worth a lot of money due to their historical significance, Lo told Leung to keep them, and only cash them in in the event that this Japanese criminal is killed. Unknown to Lo, this criminal was actually Tsukamoto\'s grandfather, and when he was assassinated by the King of Killers, Leung really did cash in his notes and forward the money to Lo. Now there is a paper trail leading to Lo as the King of Killers, which is why he was trying to find the old man and exonerate himself. As they are watching the television, there is suddenly a news report of an apartment fire. Lo is visibly shocked, and when questioned, he reveals that the inflamed apartment was actually where Lo lived a few years back. Before the two can escape, however, the power goes out, with a team of hitmen infiltrating the complex. Fu manages to kill the assassins and manages to escape with Lo. The pair make a quick stop at Kiki\'s engagement party, where Lo apologizes to Kiki for being a bad father, and in advance for what he is about to do. The two are also confronted by detective Chan, and Fu guesses that Chan is actually the real King of Killers, and Chan admits it. Fu remarks that he could kill Chan instantly and win the $100 million US bounty, but Chan replies accurately that Fu is not that kind of person, and should not be a hitman. Fu and Lo then arrive at Tsukamoto\'s complex, where Lo admits to being the King of Killers, and Fu then pretends to shoot him. However, it is revealed that the revenge fund\'s lead lawyer has arranged a deal with Tsukamoto, so that no matter who kills the King of Killers, it will be Tsukamoto who gets the bounty. The two are in trouble as Tsukamoto\'s agents close in, but then detective Chan, arrives, and starts killing the gang members. After an extended series of fight sequences, Fu manages to kill Tsukamoto, the Tall Guy, and all of Tsukamoto\'s bodyguards and henchmen. As an ending to the movie, there is one last scene where all the survivors gather for a business meeting. Arranged by the revenge fund\'s lawyer, the bounty has been split between Fu, Chan, and Lo. Fu and Chan then have a conversation, where Chan states that he is getting too old for the business, and is going to give up the mantle of the King of Killers. He wants Fu to become the new King of Killers, recognizing not only his skills but also his inability to hurt the innocent and exact justice on evil. Fu\'s reply ambiguous, the credits roll.'] ['Sergeant Nicolo "Nico" Toscani  is a detective in the Chicago Police Department’s vice squad. Born in Palermo, Italy, he and his family immigrated to Chicago when he was seven. Early on, he developed an interest in martial arts, and soon moved to Japan to study from the masters. In 1969, Nico was recruited into the CIA by CIA Special Agent Nelson Fox  and served a tour with a CIA Special Ops. group serving in Vietnam and Cambodia in 1973, and Nico was involved in some covert operations on the Vietnamese-Cambodian border during the Vietnam War. There, he became disgusted with Kurt Zagon , one of his superiors, who used the Vietnam war as an opportunity to get into the money-making business of smuggling drugs. Nico left the CIA. Upon returning, Nico returned to Chicago and joined the Chicago Police Department. He was soon promoted to Detective, and assumed his current role. Nico has a wife named Sara . Nico and his new partner, soon-to-leave-the-force Detective Delores "Jacks" Jackson  are now investigating a drug ring, and after busting two of the dealers, including Salvadorian drug dealer Tony Salvano , Nico finds C4 explosives. Shortly afterward, in a twist of events, everyone that Nico and Jacks arrested is suddenly let go at the request of Federal officials, and Nico is asked to stand down, not to mention the fact that the priest of Nico’s parish is killed in an explosion as a Mass is ending. Fox calls Nico and tells him to move his family to a safer location, concluding that Nico is in danger. Soon enough, Nico has police searching his house and is asked to turn in his badge. Nico eventually finds that the dealers he busted are linked to Zagon, who is still with the CIA. Zagon wants to use drug money to fund an invasion of Nicaragua, and Senator Ernest Harrison  puts the heat on Zagon and his group to reveal their undercover operations. When Nico finds out that the priest’s death was of Zagon’s making, and that Zagon is planning to kill Harrison, Nico seeks to bring down Zagon and all involved with him to justice. Nico has a confrontation with Fox, who is himself corrupt, and who tries to take Nico hostage. Nico is eventually captured by Zagon, who kills Fox for not bringing Nico in. Nico breaks free after being held in the kitchen of a hotel during a campaign party in which Harrison is attending. Before Zagon can kill Harrison, Nico breaks free, although drugged, and kills all of Zagon\'s men, including Zagon himself by breaking his neck. After that, Nico is seen by Jacks and Harrison as he is now sure to make a full testimony on corruption, next to his wife and child.'] ["Liu Wen-lung's home is attacked by bandits led by Chou Chao. Liu's wife was killed, but his son Yu-long was saved by a faithful servant by hiding in a well. While tracking down the bandit, his disciple Hu Chi-feng attempted to rape a villager. Liu Wen-lung discovers the attempt and Hu escaped, but not before killing his victim with a killer dart stolen from Liu. Liu Wen-lung adopted Yu-sien, the orphaned daughter of the victim, and raised her together with his son, settling down and giving up the pursuit of vengeance. Yu-long and Yu-sien grew up together and fell in love. However, Yu-sien ran into Hu Chi-feng, who led her to believe from the dart on her mother's body that it was Liu Wen-lung who killed her family."] ['The series takes place in a retro-futuristic setting, where the Shizuma Drive ends the depletion of petroleum resources and the need for nuclear power. The system is a non-polluting recyclable energy source that powers everything on land, sea and air. Ten years prior to the events of the series a team of scientists, led by Professor Shizuma, created the revolutionary system. In the process they nearly destroyed the world and one of their own, Franken Von Vogler, was lost in the event that went down in history as the "Tragedy of Bashtarle." At the start of Giant Robo, the BF Group is in the middle of recreating the event with aid from the resurfaced Vogler. The story explores a society completely brought down, within the span of one week, because of dependency on a single energy source and a state of prosperity tainted by compromise and deceit.<ref name http://www.ex.org/3.2/04-feature_gr1.html | title  2007-01-01 | last  Eric | publisher = EX: The Online World of Anime & Manga}}'] ["Tien Lung, the best fighter at the Ching Te martial arts school gets into a fight with the local Hook Gang at a restaurant where Tien Lung and his friends are dining. The Hook Gang are part of a local opium-dealing and prostitution ring run by a man named Chao and are rivals of the Ching Te school. The Ching Te school is the most prominent martial arts academy in town and controls the local clothes-dyeing and brick factories. In a quick battle, Tien and his friends easily defeat the Hook gang both in the restaurant and again later in the valley where they have a battle royale. The beaten Hook gang members return to Chao and tell him how Tien and the Ching Te school beat them for no reason. More importantly, the Hook gang lies and tells Chao that Tien had disrespected their group. This infuriates Chao enough to go to the Ching Te dojo and challenge Tien's master, Hang Tui, to a fight. Hang Tui quickly defeats Chao, leaving him even more humiliated. Chao plans his revenge by hiring a group of mercenary martial artists from Shanghai. This group consists of two karate experts and their teacher, a Judo master, a Taekwondo expert, two Thai boxing fighters, a Yoga expert, and two mystic Tibetan lamas . With this group, Chao easily destroys the Ching Te school and all of their businesses, leaving everyone dead except for Tien Lung who loses his right arm. Tien Lung vows revenge and begins his training to destroy anyone and everyone who stands in his way."] ["An evil gang of twins hold up a train to steal a magical Tibetan artifact, the Heaven's Bead from 3 dalai lamas. This artifact has healing powers and is a highly desirable item. A battle ensues and the artifact is knocked from the hands of a parachuting villain into the bag of an unsuspecting passerby. The passerby, oblivious, gets into his van and heads to Hong Kong. This is where the other set of twins come in; they are aided by the twin Laus and Uncle Luck as they try to get the Heaven's Bead back. A secret mission takes place, in which the good twins infiltrate a high rise building in order to recover the item. Although they initially succeed, the artifact is then passed to the wrong twin. Happy, Lilian's sister, who is suffering from cancer is also kidnapped and held prisoner in the high-rise building. The good twins eventually recover the Heaven's Bead and lose it again while rescuing Happy. The villains get away with the Heaven's Bead."] ["Chang Yi and his sister, Hon Seung Kam, live on their farm with their blind mother Wang Li. Their father was murdered by Wong Tung Shung. Seeking revenge when he learns his father's killer has returned, he finds himself arrested at attempting to avenge his father's death. Informing the officer who arrested him they join forces and finally bring the evil warlord to justice in an extensive sword battle."] ['Set in 17th-Century Japan, "Zen" is the chronicle of a young samurai, Master Mitzu Zen, who learns the secret way of killing vampires while learning about women and life in general. Master Zen , a naive master who doesn\'t know anything about women and love, goes on a quest to find out the truth about his parents\' sacred sword. While meeting people along the way, he ends up running into more than he bargained for when he starts encountering vampires.'] ['A powerful terrorist known as "The Cobra" , has infected Sean Davidson, the American ninja, with a deadly virus as human guinea pigs in his biological warfare experiments. Sean and his partners Curtis Jackson ([[Steve James  and Dexter  have no choice but to fight The Cobra and his army of genetically-engineered ninja clones led by the female ninja Chan Lee .'] ['The circus group performs at the Shanfa Circus when a huge load of bombs crash on the stage and the performers try to find a home to live and get money for food.'] ["Butterfly has nothing to do with the martial arts world. Her father was once a renowned member of the martial arts world, but she is just another young girl deeply in love with Meng Sing Wan. They live happily in a small hut next to a river, where he spends time trying to catch fish, and writing poetry. From time to time, Sing has to go away on business to earn money, that's what he tells her anyway, but the horrifying truth is that he is an assassin. He is a member of the Happy Forest, a group of assassins led by Sister Ko, but he is tired of the never-ending life of killing for a living. Yip is another member of the group, and is Sing's best friend. The both of them, along with Sister Ko, and a girl called Ho Ching grew up together, forming the best of Happy Forest. Yip is in love with Sister Ko, but is afraid to tell her. However, Ko only has eyes for Sing, but Sing regards her only as an older sister. Ko is given a mission by the Grand Eunuch Tsao, who instructs her to steal a letter from the hands of Master Suen from the Elites Villa sect, who was given to him by Grand Eunuch Li, Tsao's adversary in court. Ko tells Sing to fake his own death, then enter Suen's service as a lone swordsman. Sing does this and more. He impresses Suen with his skills and soon has his trust. At this time however, he encounters Suen's girl, who looks remarkably like the Ho Ching that once disappeared many years ago. Suen sees Sing's interest in his woman, and so, gives her to him. But on the night of the wedding, Ho Ching tries to steal the message, but fail and dies. Sing is devastated by her death, and he goes back to Happy Forest, confronting Ko as to why he wasn't told that Ho Ching was alive all this time, and was being an undercover. Ko is upset by Sing's outburst, only wanting what is best for all of them. Ko and Yip forces into Suen's Elites Villa, and with Sing already inside, they are able to defeat Suen and take the message. When Ko and Sing deliver the message to Eunuch Tsao, it is revealed that Eunuch Li is really Eunuch Tsao, and that he hatched up the plan to destroy the people of the martial arts world. In the end, Tsao is defeated by the teamwork of Ko, Sing, and a young prince."] ['The story picks up almost a year after the first film, and following the events of the second film. Having lost the Cobra Kai dojo and all of his students, Sensei John Kreese  visits his Vietnam War comrade Terry Silver , who is also a fellow Cobra Kai karate expert and owed his life to Kreese who saved him "more times than I can remember" in Vietnam; indeed, Silver is later indicated to be the majority owner of the Cobra Kai dojo, telling Kreese he didn\'t buy it for the money, he bought it for him. Silver and Kreese scheme to take revenge on Daniel and his teacher, Mr. Miyagi , and make Cobra Kai successful once again. Terry sends Kreese to Tahiti to get rested up and get his life back in order. Unseen by each other, as Silver drives off and Kreese walks into the airport terminal, Daniel and Mr Miyagi are leaving the terminal on their return to Los Angeles. Upon returning home to Los Angeles, Daniel and Miyagi find out that the South Seas apartment building Daniel lives in has been demolished, which puts Miyagi out of work; Daniel\'s mother is in New Jersey caring for her 70 year old Uncle Louie who has Emphysema. Daniel wants to use his college funds to realize Miyagi\'s dream of opening a bonsai tree store, but Miyagi insists that he use the money to go to college; going against Miyagi\'s wishes, Daniel uses the money to purchase a building. When Daniel visits a pottery store across the street, he meets Jessica Andrews , and they instantly become friends. Silver recruits "Karate\'s Bad Boy" Mike Barnes  and promises him 25% of potential Cobra Kai profits if he succeeds in claiming Daniel\'s title at the upcoming All-Valley Karate Tournament, but Barnes demands 50% and Silver gives it to him. After breaking into Miyagi\'s home, Silver overhears Daniel tell Miyagi that he will not be participating in the tournament, as Miyagi felt that defense of the title would merely be fighting for personal reward. That evening at the bonsai store, Daniel and Jessica are confronted by Mike and Snake , one of Silver\'s goons. They threaten to harm Daniel if he does not enter the tournament. Daniel declines, and Mike departs in a heated rage. At a later date, Daniel and Jessica are once again confronted by Mike and Snake, who are now joined by Mike\'s personal trainer Dennis . When Daniel again refuses to enter the tournament, a small skirmish breaks out before Miyagi shows up to fend off the three men. Later, Miyagi and Daniel arrive home to find their stock of bonsai has been stolen, with a tournament application hanging in their place. After reporting the harassment and theft to the local police, Daniel and Jessica decide to dig up a bonsai tree which Miyagi had planted halfway down the cliffs surrounding the Devil\'s Cauldron. Daniel thinks they can use the tree, which is the one true bonsai Miyagi brought from Okinawa, as a new source of capital, although Jessica doubts Miyagi will condone this sale of a valuable family heirloom. After Jessica slips off a cliff, Daniel accidentally drops the tree at the bottom. Whilst Daniel and Jessica are at the bottom of the Cauldron, Silver\'s goons arrive and retract their climbing ropes, leaving Daniel no choice but to finally sign up for the tournament. After pulling both Daniel and Jessica to safety, Barnes maliciously breaks the valuable tree. Daniel returns to the shop with Miyagi’s damaged bonsai, which Miyagi immediately attempts to mend. Miyagi has sold his truck in order to buy a new stock of trees, and refuses to train Daniel for the tournament. Silver, who has befriended Daniel numerous times under the fraudulent guise of a humble friend of Kreese, sent to apologize on behalf of their Korean master for Kreese\'s previous actions and tells him that Kreese died from a heart attack, offers to "train" Daniel at the Cobra Kai dojo. Daniel accepts, and during the training sessions, Silver instructs Daniel in many cheap and corrupt ways of fighting, consistently discouraging Daniel from using his kata. Silver repeatedly invites Daniel to attack a wooden dummy, making his knuckles bleed; revenge for the similar injury Kreese sustained when attacking Miyagi. Miyagi tends to Daniel\'s wounds with a special balm, but after subsequently asking Daniel about his erratic behavior, Daniel reproaches Miyagi angrily, saying that he is merely attempting to resolve his own problems, and that Miyagi should not concern himself with his problems if he will not help him. After several sessions, Daniel eventually destroys the entire dummy, at which point Silver proclaims that he is ready to win the tournament. That night, Silver bribes a man into provoking a fight with Daniel while on a date with Jessica. In response, Daniel punches the man, breaking his nose. Shocked by his own aggressive behavior, he apologizes for his recent actions and makes amends with Miyagi and Jessica. Daniel visits Silver at the dojo to inform him that he no longer wishes to train with him, and that he will not be competing in the tournament. Silver reveals his true agenda to Daniel, and both Mike and Kreese enter the room. After Mike pummels and chases Daniel out of the dojo, Miyagi arrives and quickly fends off all three opponents. Afterwards, Miyagi finally decides to train Daniel for the upcoming tournament. They train by Devil\'s Cauldron, where they replant the now-healed bonsai. At the tournament, Mike makes his way up to the final round to face Daniel. Silver orders Mike to alternately score points and then intentionally lose them by incurring penalties under the new tournament rules with illegal moves designed to hurt Daniel and break his spirit. Mike is to continue this for the duration of the three-minute regulation period, and then score a quick point in sudden death. By the end of the match, Daniel is nearly beaten, but Miyagi tells him to focus, and remember his training that it is okay to lose, but not to fear. In the sudden death round, Daniel finds his resolve, and again begins the kata that Miyagi taught him. A hesitant and confused Mike finally comes in to attack, and Daniel quickly counters by throwing him to the ground and scoring a point with a punch to Mike\'s ribs. A disgusted Silver walks away as the crowd throws back the Cobra Kai shirts that were given to them while Kreese turns to the crowd with anger. An excited Daniel then breaks tradition and instead of bowing to him, hugs Mr. Miyagi.'] ['As the film begins, Ryan has spent years putting his brutal past behind him—a different man now to the stone cold killer he was a lifetime ago. But when an old face from the past arrives on his doorstep, Ryan is called upon to repay a blood debt from years ago. But the price is too high. Betrayed, and with his life falling apart around him, Ryan goes on a murderous, bloody revenge spree against the Ten Men who took his life away from him.'] ['Junbao and Tienbo grow up together in a Shaolin Temple as monks, studying the martial arts and generally getting into trouble. They are both expelled from the temple after Tienbo almost kills a fellow student who cheats in a fight against him. Aided in their escape by their sympathetic teacher, they receive final instructions regarding the potential paths of their different personalities, with a specific warning given to Tienbo. They both then go into the outside world to find their way in life. Meanwhile, a gang of henchmen are forcibly taking money from a local shop owner. A woman named Miss Li steals the money and returns it. Having noticed the money gone, the henchmen start to fight with Miss Li. Miss Li holds her own during the fight, but soon gets into a bit of trouble due to her being outnumbered. Junbao comes to her aid and defeats the gang. Army reinforcements arrive to break up the fight and so the trio run away to escape capture. At this moment the eunuch governor travels through the town, roughing up the locals as he does so. Tienbo realizes that he wants to be as rich and powerful as the governor, but Miss Li warns him that he has "a heart of a viper" and wonders if he could handle this power. Miss Li then shows them to a pub to get food. Inside the pub, they find a woman named Siu Lin. Siu Lin is searching for her lost husband, during which she supports herself by playing on a sanxian that said husband gave to her as a gift. She finds him inside the pub as the new husband of the governor\'s niece. The niece starts a battle with Sui Lin where they both seem equal, but the husband hits Siu Lin on her head with a stool causing her to collapse. Junbao helps Siu Lin by defending her against her ex-husband and the niece\'s guards. The next day, while Junbao and Tienbo are making money with their amazing kung fu skills, the governor\'s second in command spots them and is impressed with Tienbo\'s abilities  He offers him to join the army  however, Junbao is more reluctant to do so and declines going with Tienbo and so the two go their separate ways. Later, some soldiers come to the pub to collect taxes  but Junbao and the rebels  fight and kills them one by one. One soldier escapes alive and starts off towards the army\'s camp to warn them about the rebels with Junbao in pursuit. Just in front of the army encampment, Tienbo kills the soldier before he warns the rest of the army about the rebels whereabouts. Tienbo warns Junbao to stay clear of the rebels as they\'ll get him into trouble. Now knowing where the rebels are hiding however, Tienbo takes this unique opportunity to gain a promotion. He sets a trap for Junbao and the rebels by telling them that the army is on patrol and when would be the best time to attack them. Junbao and Siu Lin collect all the rebels from the region, and go to the army camp . A big battle occurs where most of the rebels die. Tienbo captures Miss Li and Siu Lin. In the end, the only survivors are Junbao and a few rebels. Because of the trap, the governor promotes Tienbo to lieutenant. With his new authority  Tienbo kills Miss Li, and holds Siu Lin as bait so that he can try to convert Junbao to the army\'s cause. This is unsuccessful and Junbao rescues her. Due to the fact that his best friend betrayed him, Junbao\'s mind snaps and he goes crazy for days. While recuperating in the countryside with Siu Lin, he has a sudden epiphany that leads to him regaining his mental health and inspiration for the creation of the martial art of Tai Chi Chuan. While the governor is traveling to Beijing to see the emperor with his sister, they encounter Junbao and Siu Lin who kill the soldiers guarding them and also kills the niece. With the governor captured as a hostage, they go to the army camp and demand Tienbo to surrender his wealth and his power. Due to his arrogance, Tienbo declines and starts to fight Junbao thinking that he is still the inferior fighter. To Tienbo\'s surprise, however, Junbao is now fighting using the heretofore unseen style of Tai Chi Chuan. Because the style relies less on size, power, speed and strength, Junbao is able to fend off Tienbo with ease. Seeking an additional advantage in their fight, Tienbo kills the governor in order to gain complete control over the troops surrounding them. Siu Lin intervenes and convinces them not to listen to Tienbo as he just betrayed their leader. Seeing this , the troops back off and leave Tienbo\'s fate to Junbao. After a stunning series of parries and blows by Junbao, Tienbo is defeated and ultimately killed due to his reluctance to accept fate and admit defeat. After the fight Siu Lin and Junbao go their separate ways with Junbao returning to the Shaolin temple and establishing his own school to teach Tai Chi Chuan.'] ['Ko Chow  is an undercover cop who is under pressure from all sides. His boss, Inspector Lau , wants him to infiltrate a gang of ruthless jewel thieves; in order to do this he must obtain some handguns; his girlfriend  wants him to commit to marriage or she will leave Hong Kong with another lover; and he is being pursued by other cops who are unaware that he is a colleague. What is more Chow would rather quit the force. He feels guilty about having to betray people who have become his friends, even if they do happen to be killers, drug dealers, loan sharks and protection racketeers: "I do my job, but I betray my friends." To add to his problems, he begins to bond with Fu , a member of the gang.'] ['For 1400 years the Spiritual Guardians have watched over and defeated the evil spirits located in the Japanese Mountains. The nearby Kikyo Temple is rumored to have been the home of these legendary Guardians known as the "Blue Seven Dragons." Only two survivors of the long battle between good and evil remain, the martial monks Santoku  & Genryu . Now the fate of the world must be decided once and for all in a final ferocious battle between the force of good and evil.'] ["Ma Hon Keung , a Hong Kong cop comes to New York to attend the wedding of his Uncle Bill  who introduces his new wife to him down at his supermarket, which he owns and has sold to Elaine . Uncle Bill's friend, Steven Lo , loans him a vintage automobile for the wedding. Later that night, a street gang starts a motorcycle race near Uncle Bill's apartment. They are about to run over his friend's car until Keung jumps down and stops them. He soon starts a rivalry with the street gang when he drives them away from the supermarket that they were robbing and vandalizing. This starts a series of brawls in which the bikies try to corner Keung and finish him off. When a member of the street gang named Angelo  gets involved in an illegal diamond deal gone bad and steals the diamonds, the small-time gangsters become the victims of a much larger and more effective criminal syndicate led by White Tiger . While running away with the diamonds, Angelo leaves them in a cushion, which is unknowingly used by Keung for the wheelchair of a disabled Chinese American boy named Danny , who is raised by his elder sister Nancy , a lingerie model/dancer who works in a seedy bar and is an associate/girlfriend of the bikies. Keung befriends Nancy and advises her to stay away from crime. When the gangsters see this, they chase Keung and Nancy. After failing to confront Keung, the bikies turn up at Elaine's supermarket and start vandalizing it, during which two of Angelo's men are captured by White Tiger's men, who turn up at the supermarket in search of Angelo. Angelo's colleagues are unaware of his diamond heist and one is executed in a tree-shredder; his remains are given back to the other gangster to show to his friends as a warning to return the multi-million dollar goods. In the meantime, Keung and Nancy go to bikies' shed after the latest supermarket attack, and Keung defeats them in another brawl, at which point the shredded remains are brought back. Keung agrees to help the bikies' leader, Tony . Keung convinces the street gangsters to reform, then brings the big-time criminals to justice after another long-winded street battle. The syndicate and Keung work out the diamonds are in the boy's wheelchair, and the handover is botched after Nancy and Tony are held hostage by the syndicate; the diamonds are lost after the syndicate uses towtrucks to pull the supermarket apart and the diamonds are spilled as Keung is in the building and knocked over. A long battle occurs in the Hudson River after White Tiger's men hijack a hovercraft and are pursued by Keung and the New York Police Department. The hovercraft finally ends up running through the streets, causing much damage to property. Keung ends the chase by stealing a large sword from a museum and clamping it onto a sports car window and driving into the hovercraft, shredding the rubber skirt and immobilising the vehicle and capturing the syndicate men. After shooting one of them non-fatally to force them to reveal White Tiger's location, Keung drives the hovercraft, with the skirt crudely repaired with duct tape, across town to a golf course where White Tiger is playing with subordinates. He runs them over and squashes them non-fatally into the ground. The film ends with White Tiger being squashed, his clothes ripped off his back, leaving him naked."] ['Now promoted to Army Rangers, Joe Armstrong  and Curtis Jackson  are sent to a remote Caribbean island to aid the Marine Corps in investigating the disappearance of many of its soldiers. The commanding officer, "Wild Bill" Woodward  briefs them on the situation: four marines were captured, but he doesn\'t know who or what they are since terrorism is out of the question. A boy named Toto  is the only witness when he saw two soldiers get beat up by a gang and then taken by a group of men in black suits. Both men look at each other, realizing that they\'ve been in this situation before. Upon arriving, Charlie McDonald invites them to go water skiing. Tommy Taylor  takes them on their boat to Mangrove Island, but sabotages it by unhooking the motor source. Everyone decides to swim, but Joe becomes suspicious, and wants to stay on shore. Shortly thereafter, he is attacked by ninjas but is rescued by Curtis. Their report back is discarded, nevertheless Woodward gives them a week to investigate. Tommy is told to lure Armstrong into a trap during a phone conversation with the Lion, and tells Joe where to meet him: at the Blind Beggar Bar. Joe is attacked by the same group of thugs from the beginning of the film, and proceeds to get little from Taylor about a drug dealer by the nickname of The Lion  before he is killed by ninjas. Joe and Curtis inform Wild Bill who tells them that Taylor told of a location in which the Lion conducts his experiments: Black Bird Island. Wild Bill is all for it, but while awaiting for approval, he invites them to the governor\'s ball. They arrive, and Inspector Singh  quickly accuses Armstrong of killing Taylor. Wild Bill gives Jackson and Armstrong permission to rescue a girl named Alicia Sanborn  after she is taken by local thugs after crashing the ball upon seeing that The Lion was there. Jackson and Armstrong  follow them into the Blind Beggar\'s Bar and fight the local gang and escape. They pick up Wild Bill from the ball and make up a story about Armstrong disappearing to avoid being questioned by Singh. Armstrong tracks Alicia with the help of Toto, but are attacked by ninjas. He single-handedly takes them out, before being rescued by a truck-driving Toto. One of the ninjas manages to get on the vehicle, but Armstrong makes both Toto and Alicia jump out of the vehicle before Armstrong himself jumps. The vehicle crashes into gas cans and a building, exploding the truck and killing the ninja. Joe and Alicia head on over to the boats, while Joe gives Toto a message to give to Wild Bill that they are on their way to Blackbird Island. They have to wait awhile as patrol guards are in the water; they must wait until nighttime to travel. Alicia tells Joe about her father\'s plans of a scientific breakthrough to cure cancer before Burke  bought his lab and had other plans. Jackson and the other marines have to wait on the base for a go-ahead from the ambassador, and that Armstrong is on his own for now. Joe and Alicia reach the island and infiltrate the lab by donning ninja clothing, all while Burke is introducing his SuperNinja program. They rescue Professor Sanborn, who informs Joe where the captive marines are being held. Joe rescues the captive marines, but are caught trying to escape. All face off against a group of ninjas. Joe and the marines eventually gain the upper hand at first, but the ninjas eventually kill all but 2 of the marines. The marines stage an attack on the base, and reveal that the governor and Inspector Singh are also part of Burke\'s scheme. The governor is arrested by Wild Bill and his men while Singh\'s fate is unknown. The Professor confronts Burke and manages to destroy his SuperNinja program with a remote-control bomb, killing them both. Joe Armstrong does one final battle with Tojo Ken and kills him. The marines leave the island and celebrate, while Jackson and Armstrong say goodbye to their friends as they head back to America.'] ["In Japan of the Tokugawa Ieyasu period, a young ninja named Jin Wu  wantonly kills samurai and other government officials, leaving his clan to face the blame. When they start hunting him down, Jin Wu and his wife Akane sail to China both to escape their wrathful kinsmen, and for Jin Wu to complete revenge by finding the last man he holds responsible for his father's death. That man, Fukuda, leads a peaceful life as a mirror maker under the name of Uncle Foo. He has a young protégée, however: Jay , a smug martial artist who constantly tries to prove himself by taking up every opportunity to fight. Jay also constantly teases his lecherous servant Chee  and takes few things very seriously. However, as he sees his surrogate father attacked, Jay immediately rushes to his aid, but during several clashes he has to find out that he and the ninja are evenly matched. Eventually, it is revealed that Jin Wu’s father was not killed by his clan members; he had died as a hero in a rebellion instead. Ashamed of his own cowardice in escaping to China years before following that attempted uprising, Foo makes peace with Jin. But before their final encounter, Foo took poison to restore his honor by his own death, and he asks Jin to kill him in order to spare him the last agony, which promptly leads to a misunderstanding between Jay and Jin. The two battle each other to the top of Jay’s family temple and finally settle their differences just in time to face a spiritual boxer , whose son Jay has insulted in the course of the movie. The film ends with Jay and Jin killing the Sorcerer, with some unwitting assistance from Akane and Chee. The latter promptly tempts fate by claiming the better part of the credit for this victory, prompting Jin and Jay to teach him a lesson ..."] ['This spin-off movie provides a contrast to the other Young and Dangerous films with greater character development. This time, the story\'s focus is on a female character - Sister 13  of the "Hung Hing" triad. In a triad underworld dominated by men, the film tells the story of how she faces trials and tribulations of rising to become the branch leader of Portland Street. The story shows the reasons she became a lesbian. The film also gives more details about the "Tung Sing" triad, and how the relationship between Sister 13 and Ben Hon develops.'] ["Jeff Sanders  leads a double-life: by day, he is a simple, unassuming construction worker, and by night, an expert Kenpo student and master of his craft. When Jeff lost his mother as a teenager, he became an outcast and frequently lashed out at his family and society in an attempt to assuage his anger. His father, Captain Sanders , gained the idea from a mutual friend, Kim ([[Mako , to enroll Jeff in a Kenpo school to better manage his rage and feelings. But one day, he got into a fight with a bully who beat up his younger brother, and severely injured him with his martial arts. Displeased with his lack of self-control, Jeff's father forced him to move out of home. Jeff, now estranged from his family and living alone, continued with his courses in Kenpo and eventually gained Kim as a mentor and father figure. Years later  Jeff decides to return to his old neighborhood and visit his mentor Kim. It becomes clear quite quickly that Kim is having trouble with local Korean mafia families, due to his refusal to pay them off and use his antique store to peddle drugs. Jeff helps out Kim by beating up the people who attacked his store, but only ends up doing more harm than good to Kim's reputation with the mafia, and this ultimately ends up having Kim murdered by an anonymous hit-man, Tanaka . Jeff vows to avenge Kim's death, and uses all his resources and fighting skills to go against the mafia and find out who ordered Kim's murder. He remembers a boy named Jimmy  who lived with Kim, and tries to find him to ask if he knows about the murder. However, Jeff's estranged younger brother Adam , now also a cop, is investigating the case, and warns Jeff against trying to settle matters in his own hands. In his hunt to avenge Kim's murder, Jeff is approached by a mafia boss named Yung  who claims to be Kim's friend and knew of a possible lead to Kim's killer. Jeff is directed to Sam, one of the mafia bosses in Korea town, who was believed to be the one who ordered Kim's death. However, upon breaking into Sam's residence and attempting to kill him, Jimmy appears to reveals that Sam was Kim's friend and was the one who took Jimmy for protection. Jimmy also explains that Yung is the one responsible for Kim's death, and he was merely attempting to use Jeff as a weapon to kill his rival boss Sam. Jeff now plans for killing Yung, but Jimmy warns him that Yung is always protected by his hit-man Tanaka. In order to eliminate Tanaka, Jeff asks Jimmy to testify the night of Kim's death to Adam, so that Adam can arrest Tanaka for his murder, allowing him to personally kill Yung. Adam and the police eventually capture Tanaka after a long car chase, but to Jeff's dismay Yung was not in the car with him. Tanaka later manages to escape from the police by severely injuring Adam and breaking out of the police car. Jimmy overhears that Yung plans to escape the country by boat, and notifies Jeff. Now further fuelled for vengeance, Jeff sets out to attack Yung's drug factory, using his martial art skills and various weapons to defeat guards and hitmen protecting Yung. He eventually subdues Yung, but is attacked by Tanaka. Although Tanaka gains the upper hand during their fight, Jeff manages to kill Tanaka by setting fire to a gas tank he was standing next to. Despite initially wanting to kill Yung, in the end Jeff decides to capture him alive and turns Yung in to his father, Captain Sanders. The film ends with Jeff entering the kenpo dojo to visit his former master."] ["{{Plot}} While closing his Jiu-jitsu studio one evening, Mike Terry  is approached by attorney Laura Black , who is seeking the owner of the vehicle she accidentally sideswiped. Off-duty police officer Joe Collins , who was receiving a private lesson from Mike, sees that Laura is distressed and tries to take her coat. Startled, Laura grabs Joe's gun and fires it; shattering the studio's front window. To avoid having Laura charged with attempted murder, Mike and Joe agree to conceal the event. Mike's insurance, however, will not cover his act of God claim that the window was broken by a strong wind. Mike's wife Sondra , whose fashion business profits are the only thing keeping the struggling studio afloat, requests that Mike ask for a loan from her brother Ricardo , a mixed martial arts champion. At Ricardo's nightclub, Mike meets with Sondra's other brother, Bruno , and learns that Joe quit as the club's bouncer because Bruno never paid him. Mike confronts Bruno about the situation but is rebuffed. Mike then declines Bruno's offer to fight on the undercard of an upcoming match between Ricardo and Japanese legend, Morisaki , which could potentially pay out $50,000. Mike believes competitions with money as the incentive are not honorable and weaken the fighter. Meanwhile, aging Hollywood action star Chet Frank  enters the nightclub without security and is accosted by a man with a broken bottle. Mike intervenes and subdues three men in the process. The following day, Mike receives an expensive watch and an invitation to dinner from Chet. Mike gives the watch to Joe to pawn in lieu of his unpaid salary at the nightclub. At the dinner party, Chet's wife Zena  arranges an informal business deal to buy a large amount of dresses from Sondra's company. Chet, impressed by Mike, invites him to the set of his current film. As Mike and Sondra leave the dinner, Mike explains his unique training method to Chet's business associate Jerry Weiss . Before a sparring match, each fighter must draw one of three marbles, two white and one black; whoever draws a black marble has to fight with a handicap. Mike uses his military experience to answer a few technical questions for Chet on the film set and is offered the role of co-producer. That evening, Mike faxes the details of his training methods to Jerry so they can be used in the film. Joe arrives at the studio and informs Mike that he was suspended from duty for pawning the watch, which turned out to be stolen. During their dinner that evening, Mike relays the information to Jerry who excuses himself to handle the matter, but never returns. At home, Mike learns that the phone numbers that Zena gave Sondra have been disconnected. Sondra is panicky, having borrowed $30,000 from a loan shark to order the fabric for the dresses. As he meets with the loan shark to discuss an extension, Mike notices Bruno and Marty Brown  on television using Mike's marble-drawing method as a promotional gimmick for the undercard fights of Ricardo's match. Mike hires Laura to sue, but Marty's lawyer threatens that if they do not drop the lawsuit, he will give the police an empty shell casing with Laura's fingerprints, as proof that she attempted to kill an off-duty cop. He also threatens Mike as a witness who covered up the crime by bribing the cop with a stolen watch. When told of the situation, Joe feels responsible and kills himself. Mike feels obligated to help Joe's financially struggling wife and, in desperate need of money himself, decides to compete as an undercard fighter in the upcoming competition. At the arena, Mike discovers the fights are being fixed via a magician  using sleight of hand to surreptitiously switch the white and black marbles. Disgusted by this revelation, Mike confronts the conspirators: Marty, Jerry and Bruno who confirm that unknown to the competitors, the fights are handicapped by the fight promoters so as to ensure winning bets. They also reveal that Ricardo is intentionally losing the fight to Morisaki so they can make money on the rematch. Jerry tells Mike that Sondra is the one who told them about Laura shooting the window and Bruno justifies her betrayal by explaining that his sister is too smart to stay with someone who cannot provide for her. As Mike is exiting the arena, he meets Laura. Their conversation is not audible, but it ends with Laura slapping Mike. Mike then re-enters the arena. He incapacitates several security guards trying to stop him and is ultimately engaged by Ricardo. The audience and camera crews take notice as Mike and Ricardo face off in the arena's corridors. Inspired by the Professor, an elderly martial arts master attending the match, Mike manages to slip a difficult choke hold and defeats Ricardo. He is approached by Morisaki, who awards Mike with his ivory-studded belt, previously referred to as a Japanese national treasure. Mike is then approached by the Professor himself, who awards Mike the coveted Redbelt."] ["{{Plot}} In 19th century Asia, Yang  is a warrior and member of the Sad Flutes clan, the cruelest assassins in the world. His personal goal to become the greatest swordsman in the entire world is accomplished when he kills the former greatest swordsman and leader of the enemy clan. Both clans swore to fight until every single member of the opposing clan was dead. Yang has killed every member, except a baby girl he comes upon, spares and decides to watch over. This act makes Yang a sworn enemy of his own clan, and is not safe in his homeland. Yang arrives in Lode, a small, dusty, town, where the main attraction used to be a carnival. There he seeks out a fellow rogue warrior friend known to the townsfolk as Smiley. Yang discovers Smiley died 3 years ago, but ran the town's laundry shop. Among the townspeople Yang meets, he is introduced to the gang of friendly carnies led by dwarf Eight-Ball , Ron , the vagrant drunk and Lynne , a spunky young woman who was friends with Smiley. Lynne gives Yang the nickname Skinny and agrees to teach him how to do the laundry. Yang begins to enjoy his life in the town, learning to enjoy pleasures he never knew as a warrior. He becomes friendly with the people, a hard worker, and able gardener, while the baby dubbed April , is adored by all. He even finds an interest in opera, after Lynne shows him on a gramophone. Lynne reveals to Yang that Smiley taught her both a little bit of the sword and the Sad Flute clan. She wants Yang to teach her more, and asks about the Sad Flutes' name. He explains that it describes the sound of blood coming from your victim's slit throat, but he is reluctant to show any of his warrior skill. Back in the East, Yang's former clan is shown to be looking for him. His former master Saddest Flute  and his ninja army take the same boat to America, killing the entire crew in the process. Saddest Flute states that to find Yang in such a large country, they would wait and listen. Yang one day sees Lynne place flowers on a grave, and asks Eight-Ball what happened. He explains in a flashback, that years ago, when Lynne was an adolescent girl, the town came under siege by a corrupt Colonel . His preference to rape women with healthy teeth prompts him to choose Lynne as his victim while her father is held to the ground, and mother and baby brother forced to stand by. When Lynne is brought to the Colonel in a kitchen, she manages to evade him by throwing a pan of potatoes frying in grease on his face. She runs outside, and the Colonel shoots her in the back. Her father struggles free and is shot dead by the Colonel, while her mother holding her brother runs over and both are also killed. When the townsfolk buried her family, they found Lynne still breathing. Since then, Lynne has made revenge on the Colonel a priority, aching to learn to fight and kill, and practices throwing knives, at which she her aim is lacking. Yang surprises Lynne by showing her that her knife throwing was prohibited by her sight, not her arm, and gives her a successful lesson by blindfolding her. Lynne is clearly fond of Yang, and gives him a charm on a necklace that belonged to her mother, as a present. Yang shows her his jedok geom , but Lynne notes it is welded to its scabbard. Yang explains it is so his past cannot hear the sound of the lives he has taken, and if his past finds him, there will be no more music. In a flashback, it is shown as a young boy, Yang was given a present of a small puppy from his master, and was being trained to become the strongest. The Colonel returns to the town to terrorize the people. He now wears a frightening face prosthetic to hide the grotesque scar from the hot grease. The colonel tortures a clown by having his men shoot at a bucket of water on the Clown's head, and is about to have them shoot at a glass of whiskey when Ron the drunk takes the shot glass and drinks it. Ron is dragged through the town by a whip around his neck pulled by horse. The Colonel then inspects a lineup of women for their teeth, and chooses a Hispanic woman whose husband begs for mercy. The Colonel releases the woman to her husband to shoot them simultaneously. Eight-Ball and the other carnies tie Lynne up in a cellar for her own good as well as the people. Yang removes her blades, agreeing with the carnies. Lynne manages to free herself with a concealed knife in her boot. The Colonel has the Hispanic woman's daughters cleaned to be raped, but Lynne, disguised as a prostitute offers herself instead. She fools the Colonel, thinking she will be able to kill him when he reveals he recognized her after smelling her neck. The Colonel's men rush in to hold Lynne down to the bed. Back in the laundry, the carnies run in looking for Lynne, and Yang realizes where she is. He grabs an iron and shatters the seal on his sword to free it. Far away, Saddest Flute jerks up from meditation, sensing the seal break, and is aware of Yang's location. Just as she is about to be raped, Yang bursts in through the window, expertly and easily slaying everyone in the room but Lynne and the Colonel. As Yang turns to kill him, Lynne intercedes that she will do it, but the Colonel grabs her and leaps out the other window, using her to break his fall. The Colonel runs down an alley to escape. Lynne sees him fleeing on a horse and shuts her eyes to deliver an expert knife throw to the back of his head. The townsfolk pull off the prosthetic to reveal a lackey of the Colonel, now especially scared that he will return with an army of outlaws to kill them all. Yang is about to leave town before the Sad Flutes come for him, but the townsfolk implore him to stay and help. The people are worried they don't have the means to defend their town, but Eight-Ball has Ron's secret stash of guns and explosives unburied. Ron is shown to be an expert marksman, shooting a bowling pin down amidst his best liquor from hundreds of feet away. Yang asks Ron while preparing why Ron stopped shooting. Ron explains that he was once an outlaw, using his great skill to rob banks, and trains. His criminal career ended when the woman he loved was shot during a gunfight, and he vowed to never pick up a gun again, until that day. Ron advises for men like him and Yang, the best thing they could do for the ones they loved was stay as far away from them as possible, that they are like flowers while he and Yang are sand. The day before battle, Lynne comes to Yang and asks to leave with him after the fight, and to think on it. Later that night, Yang comes to Lynne's house. He gives her his own twin short swords, explaining these were to kill. Yang tells her to come close. The day comes and the Colonel arrives with scores of outlaws to charge the town. Yang stands across his flower garden, waiting. As the men approach, they are met with explosions. From miles away in the top ferris wheel cab, Ron is sniping sticks of dynamite hidden in the garden as riders come. In the ensuing dust and chaos, Yang rapidly and stealthily disposes of the men. The outlaws are lured to the ferris wheel, where Yang and the carnies ambush them. Ron slides to safety on a cable, and the ferris wheel is blown up, killing many of the Colonel's men. Thinking it safe, the carnies come out from cover, only to be attacked by the numerous remaining outlaws. The Colonel's men chase the carnies to the center of town, where the Sad Flutes suddenly assemble. Saddest Flute instructs them 'kill.' Yang looks to Lynne holding April and tells her to run. The carnies manage to get away before the bloodshed between the outlaw cowboys and clan warriors starts. Yang runs after Lynne and must cut down several warriors before following her to the laundry shop. Meanwhile, the cowboys in town manage to shoot down some clan warriors, but are engaged in lethal battle. In the laundry, Lynne hands April to Eight-Ball so she can help Yang. While he is killing a warrior, she saves him from another sneaking in. After they are safe for the moment, they hear shots, and run to Eight-Ball, where he is dying and says he couldn't protect April. He dies and the Colonel is seen carrying her in a building, yelling at his men to make sure no one got in. The Sad Flutes pursue hotly, and are mostly fended off with a small machine gun, but the outlaws are unable to stop Yang, as he brutally slices through them all. He comes in the room to find the Colonel holding a gun to April's head, and leaps up to cut the barrel and bullet in half mid-firing. Catching April from falling, Yang steps aside to let Lynne fight the Colonel. After a tense battle, Lynne manages to finally drive a sword into the Colonel's back. Yang and Lynne exit the room to find Saddest Flute sitting across the carnage at the end of the hall. He tells Yang that April is the enemy, and asks if he would ever tell April that Yang killed her parents, her whole clan, and observes that Yang ran away from his old life of killing to kill more. He says Yang does not belong there. Yangs claims he does, or did, and will not kill April. Yang and Saddest flute go to the desert in the sunset, and duel to the death. During, flashbacks show Saddest Flute training Yang as an adult in pouring rain, drilling him through adolescence in the snow, and forcing child Yang to kill the puppy he was given, declaring Yang's biggest enemy would be his heart, and as an assassin, he must kill what he loves. In the present, Yang wins the duel, cutting Saddest Flute's throat. Lynne tells Yang she knows she won't be coming with him, and tries to hand him April, but he refuses. He makes the baby laugh once more, and gives Lynne a caring look. Yang turns to the sunset, and Ron tells him to 'keep walking, sandman.' Ron narrates that the warrior never stopped walking, to put as much space between him and the little lady he loved as possible, showing April then Lynne. The scene then shifts to the a snowy, glacial environment. Opera plays from a small fish shack where a hooded man in a parka sits. Another approaches and asks how much for a fish. The sitting man nimbly kills the other, knives falling out of his hands as he collapses. Yang stands up and goes to his shack, where he takes the pendant he had been given by Lynne, his sword disguised as a snowman's broom, and April's pacifier, and sets the hut on fire. Walking out to the snow, a slew of clan warriors leap out of the snow, and Yang unsheathes his sword as the scene fades."] ["Zatōichi, the expert blind swordsman and masseur is hired to massage a powerful political leader. When Zatōichi learns of the nobleman's unstable mental condition, his followers are determined to kill him to keep their leader's condition a secret. After the master swordsman has defeated the attackers, Zatōichi must face Yoshirō, a much-feared one-armed swordsman with whom the blind masseur has an unexpected connection.{{cite web}}<ref name  http://www.kinejun.jp/cinema/id/20878|title2010-01-19|languageKinema Junpo}}"] ['Sergeant Tung  is a street cop in Hong Kong who is friends with a Triad dai lo named Fai . Fai hires a hitman to murder a business rival; the hit goes wrong and Fai, implicated in the incident, goes on the run. This leaves Tung in the put upon position to look after Fai\'s affairs. Soon, however, Tung\'s squad is assigned a new Commanding Officer in the form of Lieutenant Michael Cheung , a no-nonsense, tough as nails cop who was transferred for having punched out his own previous Commanding Officer. In an attempt to keep tabs on Cheung—and similarly introduce him to their precinct Tung takes Cheung to the disco owned by Fai. There, Cheung meets a madam named Yoyo , who is also Fai\'s moll. Angry and upset that Fai left on such short notice without her, Yoyo accepts Cheung\'s overture and the two soon find themselves genuinely in love. In the meantime Fai\'s eager underling, Push-Pin, moves himself into Fai\'s role and attempts to force Yoyo to peddle customers drugs through her escorts. Yoyo refuses, an action which results in Push-Pin slapping her across the face. Cheung finds out and takes revenge by inspecting Push-Pin\'s establishments every night. As Cheung and Yoyo\'s relationship turns serious, Tung finds his own relationship with a married woman turning sour. She routinely asks him for money [note: seems she\'s paying him for sex], which leaves him constantly broke. When Push-Pin realizes slapping Yoyo has resulted in Cheung becoming an enemy, Push-Pin hands Tung a handful of money, "as a gift." Actually, this act is a bribe, and when Cheung is later attacked by a group of Push-Pin\'s men and Tung, having made the connection, attempts to bring Push-Pin in, Push-Pin reminds Tung of the money he\'d given him. Tung finds himself powerless to arrest Push-Pin without exposing himself as having been bribed. Things come to a head when Fai returns to town and learns that Yoyo is seeing Cheung. Fai goes after Cheung; their fight leads to a stand-off with Tung between them, and Yoyo proclaiming she and Cheung are in love and are having a baby. Fai storms off, followed by Tung. The two decide it\'s time to pay a visit to Push-Pin, who has now been officially promoted by the area\'s lead Triad boss, Tai, into Fai\'s place as dai lo. While Tung waits outside the disco, Fai goes in to confront Push-Pin. After an emotional confrontation, Push-Pin chops Fai in the neck with a machete, killing him. Tung sees Push-Pin leaving the club; when he runs inside to see what happened, the sight of Fai\'s body on the floor leaves him devastated and wanting revenge. Tung, loaded with alcohol and barbiturates, cruises town to find Push-Pin. He receives word Push-Pin is back at his underground casino and goes there to bring Push-Pin down once and for all. This results in Tung taking on not only Push-Pin, but all his underlings as well. Cheung shows up with his officers to help, only to find Tung moments later seemingly dead from a steel spike Push-Pin has rammed into Tung\'s gut. Seconds later, Push-Pin is killed by one of Fai\'s men as revenge for his killing of Fai. As it turns out, Tung survives and he and Cheung pay a visit to the lead Triad boss, Tai, where the two promise to eventually bring him down.'] ["An environmental holocaust, which happened because the sun created an onslaught of solar flares made up of red-hot, radiation ridden plasma that nearly destroyed Earth. This left the atmosphere ridden with solar radiation and increased the global temperature greatly. Because of this catastrophe, it leaves almost every human on earth dead, devastates the environment, and collapses all of society and the global economy. Crime rates have drastically increased, and the few human beings left have decided to fend for themselves, therefore, much of the world, including America, have become totalitarian governments. The people in control are gangs of rampaging marauders. In post-apocalyptic America, the once sovereign society has become a corrupt, crime ridden totalitarian wasteland. The few remaining citizens are either hiding in devastated urban areas or are in control of by a series of gangs that now rule the cities with an iron fist. John Travis , an undercover cop and three fellow policemen are out on patrol when they come upon a female sex slave auction. The four slip unnoticed into the encampment, taking positions surrounding the auction site. A chaotic gunfight ensues in which the three cops are ruthlessly gunned down, leaving Travis alone to fend off the attackers. Travis is outgunned and outmanned, and forced to withdraw from the action. As Travis makes his escape, a solar flare is observed erupting. Travis tries to return to base, but is told by a fellow cop named Prescott  that he cannot be allowed to do this, as he went through the solar flare's radiation, and to return would risk contamination of others. When a solar flare occurs, those left outside become infected, while those in shelter do not. Some of the infected become psychotic killers. Travis returns to the city, where he chances to meet three young women, who rely on him for protection. Travis tries to help them escape from the city. The head thug from the auction who killed the cops is looking for Travis, but at the same time, Travis is looking for revenge. While trying to get the women to the safety of police headquarters, the station is attacked by the solar flare infected killers. The station is overrun, and Travis blows it up as he escapes, narrowly avoiding the explosions and fireballs."] ['The movie revolves around Hung Hei-Kwun, who arrives in his village after a raid by government soldiers, only to find his whole village destroyed. Hung Hei-Kwun quickly finds his infant son and gives him a choice between death and joining him in the rebellion. Upon leaving his village he is encountered by Ma Ling-Yee who is also supposed to be involved in the rebellion but learns that Ling-Yee had betrayed him and their village for the bounty on Hei-Kwun\'s head. After an epic battle, we skip ahead several years, and arrive with Hung Hei-Kwun and his now martial arts skilled son making their way through China in order to find money for food. At this time, the film introduces "Red Bean", who is in the process of swindling a very rich man out of his money. Kwun tries to leave his son in the care of his brother, but is betrayed, forcing him to kill his brother. At the same time the government has begun to crack down on Shaolin. Pieces of a map are tattooed onto the backs of several pupils, who are then removed from the temple in order to keep safe the Ming Dynasty treasure the map leads to. Unfortunately years ago Hung Hei-Kwun\'s encounter with the money hungry Ma Ling-Yee did not end as Hung thought it did. Ma Ling-Yee survived the fight as a result of being dipped in poison in the last battle and restored by The Monk of the West District in the process. Now a disgusting creature, he is after the map tattooed on the backside of the Shaolin pupils, unfortunately a swindling rich man is the father of one of the pupils. In attempts to protect his son from the government from knowing his son is a shaolin pupil, he hires Hung Hei-Kwun as a bodyguard. This leads to the rekindling of the conflict between the monster Ma Ling-Yee  and Hung Hei-Kwun.'] ['One morning, while painting the landscape on a hill in San Francisco, California, a young woman named Emu O\'Hara  witnesses the murder of a Japanese Yakuza member. She notices that while the assassin stands emotionless in front of her, his eyes begin to shed tears. The assassin introduces himself to Emu as "Yo" . Days later, after Emu returns to her home in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada, the Hakushin Society led by Shido Shimazaki ([[Mako  make their appearance at the local police precinct, announcing a war between his clan and the "Sons of the Dragons" - a Chinese Triad that ordered the assassination of Shimazaki\'s son in San Francisco. Interpol detective Netah  explains to the police that the Sons of the Dragons are descendants of 108 Buddhist monks who rebelled against the Manchu reign in China centuries ago, and that they have their bringer of death known in the underworld as the "Freeman." Shimazaki then tells everyone that Emu is the Freeman\'s next target, as she was the only witness to his son\'s assassination, and the assassin\'s code is that a person who is given Freeman\'s name becomes his next kill. However, shortly after their meeting is adjourned, Shimazaki and his bodyguards are ambushed outside the precinct by a masked Freeman and his assistant Koh  . After dispatching the bodyguards and disabling the nearby police officers, Freeman successfully kills Shimazaki before running off. During his escape, he passes by Emu, who recognizes his eyes through his mask. As Freeman and Koh flee the scene, Emu utters Yo\'s name to the surprise of Detective Forge , who is assigned to protect her. Later that night, Emu is interrogated by Netah and Forge over Freeman\'s identity. Due to a lack of evidence, she is shortly released and escorted back to her mansion. As Netah scouts the mansion\'s perimeters, he discovers that Forge is knocked unconscious and he encounters Ryuji Hanada  and wife Kimie Hanada , who are out to claim the Freeman\'s head and take over the Hakushin Society. Inside the mansion, Emu discovers that Yo is in her room and begins to accept her fate. Yo, however, decides not to kill her and instead, makes love with her. Minutes later, Hanada\'s men enter the mansion, prompting Yo to immediately kill them before Ryuji confronts him. Koh throws a knife at Ryuji\'s back and a gun towards Yo. As Yo guns Ryuji down, Ryuji fires his machine pistol out of control, severely wounding Emu. Despite his orders, Yo cannot bring himself to kill Emu; instead, he has Koh drive them to the nearest hospital. En route, Yo tells Emu his last name being Hinomura, and to find him in Hokkaidō, Japan. It is later on revealed that Ryuji survived the gunfight by wearing a bulletproof vest. With the help of members of the Sons of the Dragons , Emu escapes police security at the hospital and flies to Japan to reunite with Yo. Yo tells Emu about his past before becoming the Freeman. He was a renowned pottery artist who had an exhibition in New York. During the exhibit, someone was murdered by two unknown assailants. He realized that the murder victim placed a roll of film inside one of his vases several seconds prior to his death. Yo developed the photos in his hotel bathroom, revealing the torture and execution of a man wearing dragon tattoos similar to what he would eventually wear. Before leaving his hotel, he was drugged and abducted by the Sons of the Dragons, who implanted subliminal messages into his mind using acupuncture techniques. During his first mission, where he killed Mafia boss Antonio Rossi, he began to shed tears; hence his name Crying Freeman. Yo is notified by Koh that Ryuji and his men have attacked a soya factory in Shanghai, China, that was protected by the Sons of the Dragons. As retribution, Yo and Koh travel to Shimazaki\'s funeral outside Tokyo to kill Ryuji and wipe out the Shimazaki clan. During the funeral, while having sex inside a closet, Kimie reveals to Netah that the Shimazakis were set up by the Hanadas to be assassinated so they could take over the clan. Disguised as Yakuza members recently released from prison, Yo and Koh begin their killing spree on the Yakuza clan. After incapacitating Ryuji by impaling his hand on a wall, Koh tells Yo to make an escape route while he deals with Ryuji personally by dropping an explosive in his pants. While Yo makes his escape, Koh attempts to kill him, only to be gunned down by Ryuji before the explosive destroys him and the house. A dying Koh tells Yo that he was ordered by the Sons of the Dragons to kill him for treason. A vengeful Kimie shoots Koh to death following Freeman\'s escape. Yo returns to his home, where he prepares the area to self-destruct and arms himself to battle Netah and Kimie, along with her henchmen. Despite being wounded by Netah, Yo kills the henchmen and defeats Netah and Kimie - the latter by stabbing her near the heart. Yo then gives them an alibi that he killed Shimazaki on a personal feud and that he and Emu committed suicide. When Kimie refuses to accept the alibi on grounds of her husband\'s death, Yo pulls the knife off her chest, increasing her blood loss. Kimie then accepts the alibi and has her wound mended. While Yo and Emu leave the premises, Netah prepares to shoot them from behind, only to be killed by Kimie. Yo and Emu are last seen riding a speedboat into the sunset.'] ['The film features Raizo Ichikawa as Tange Tanzen, and Shintaro Katsu as Yasubei Nakayama , and opens with Yasubei simultaneously dueling several members of a rival school of samurai. Yasubei deftly beats his opponents, but is expelled from his school as a result so as not to create enmity between the two schools. As a similar act of goodwill, the opposing school expels their best swordsman, Tange Tanzen. After his expulsion, Tange comes across Chiharu, who at the time is under attack by feral dogs. Tange protects Chiharu , however, the act carries with it the penalty of death due to the current Shogun\'s affinity for dogs. Yasubei is able to help cover up Tange\'s act, but only as a way to become closer to Chiharu. It is because of his hidden affection for Chiharu that Yasubei attempts to align himself with the Uesagi clan. Yasubei\'s act to align himself with the Uesagi clan is seen as an act of betrayal by his previous school, and several samurai are sent after him. Tange, still feeling indebted to Yasubei because of the feral dogs, fights off Yasubei\'s would be assassins. Through watching Tange, Yasubei is able to ascertain that Tange may very well be his equal in sword fighting. Meanwhile Chiharu\'s family pressures her to take on one of her two suitors, and she chooses Tange. A heartbroken Yasubei then changes his alignment to the Asano clan, and walks away from the two over the same bridge where Tange had just come to his defense. On Hinamatsuri, Chiharu is seen showering affection on a doll that represents Tange, who is currently away in Kyoto. Chiharu is then kidnapped by the same attackers that Tange had defended Yasubei from and is raped. Tange is unable to prevent this, and as a result the dynamic between his wife and him changes. Chiharu feeling dishonored pleads that Tange kill her; Tange ignores the request and still wants to protect her, but does not show as much attention to her as before. Eventually, Tange divorces Chiharu and resigns his post to become a ronin and hunt down the five men who brought about his current circumstances. Despite Tange\'s attempts to remain respectful to Chiharu\'s family through everything, Chiharu\'s brother is infuriated with Tange and cuts off his right arm. After healing, Tange becomes a street performer, challenging anyone that would face the one armed swordsman, in the hopes that the men he sought would participate. Tange\'s chance for vengeance arrives, and three of the men Tange sought participate in a duel, and even though Tange is able to kill two of the five, he is shot in the leg in the process and Chiharu takes him into emergency care. The remaining three men seeking to strike Tange while he is at his most vulnerable, challenge Tange to a "fair" duel, bringing several other samurai to fight with them against the one-armed, shot in the leg Tange. Tange is able to defend himself in what can be called Raizo Ichikawa\'s most definitive one-against-all scenes next to his performance in the film Betrayal. Due to Tange\'s injuries, he is unable to participate in the assault on the Uesagi mansion by the 47 Ronin  and the story closes with their final march.'] ["L.A.P.D. Detective James Carter  is on vacation in Hong Kong, visiting his good friend Hong Kong Police Force Chief Inspector Lee . Carter is interested in having a good time; however, soon after he arrives, a bomb explodes at the American Consulate.{{Cite journal}} Inspector Lee is assigned to the case, which becomes personal when it is discovered that it somehow involves Ricky Tan , his late police officer father's former partner. Tan, who was suspected, but never proven, of having a role in Lee's father's death, is now a leader of the Triads. The United States Secret Service, led by Agent Sterling , and the Hong Kong Police Force soon get into a fight over the jurisdiction of the case. Lee, believing Tan is the head of the operation, learns that Tan will be attending a dinner party on his yacht. Tan scolds his underling, Hu Li , who then leaves as Lee and Carter confront Tan. Tan claims that someone is trying to frame him. Hu Li suddenly appears and shoots Ricky Tan, making her escape in the chaos, and an angry Sterling holds Lee responsible for Tan's death, and orders him off the case. Carter is ordered to be flown back to Los Angeles for involving himself. However, Lee and Carter return to Los Angeles together. On the plane, Carter tells Lee that in every large criminal operation, there is a rich white man behind it and that man is Steven Reign ([[Alan King , a Los Angeles hotel billionaire that Carter says he saw on Tan's boat and that his calm demeanor during the shooting was suspicious. They set up camp outside the Reign Towers, spotting a sexy Secret Service agent named Isabella Molina , whom Carter met on Ricky Tan's yacht. After they watch Molina undress, and a few misunderstandings, Molina tells the two men that she is undercover, looking into Reign's money laundering of US$ 100 million dollars in superdollars . Lee and Carter pay a visit to Kenny , an ex-con known to Carter who runs a gambling den in the back of the Chinese restaurant he owns. He tells them that a usually broke customer recently came in to his establishment with a suspicious amount of hundred-dollar bills. Carter speculates them and confirms that they are Reign's counterfeits. They trace the money back to a bank friendly to the Triads, who are waiting for them and knock the two cops unconscious, with Molina looking on. After arriving in Las Vegas, Lee and Carter wake up inside one of the Triads' trucks and escape. After finding out where they are, they realize that Reign is laundering the $100 million through the new Red Dragon Casino . At the Red Dragon, Lee and Carter split up. Lee attempts to infiltrate the back area to find the engraving plates  while Carter makes a distraction, to attract all the security allowing Lee to pass, However, Hu Li captures Lee and places a small bomb in his mouth, then takes him up to the penthouse, where it is revealed that Ricky Tan faked his death and, as Lee suspected, is in charge of the operation. Tan soon departs the room, and Molina attempts to arrest Hu Li leading to a confrontation between the two but, despite Molina's best efforts, she is defeated due to Hu Li's martial arts experience. In the enusing chaos, Carter is able to free Lee from the bomb in his mouth before Hu Li has the chance to detonate it. Carter then fights Hu Li, while Lee heads to the penthouse to prevent Tan from escaping with the plates. In the penthouse, Reign opens the safe and takes the plates, running into Tan as he leaves. After Reign announces he is cutting their deal short and keeping the plates, Tan stabs him with a knife, killing him. Lee arrives and confronts Tan, along with Carter who shortly appears after  knocking out Hu Li. After a tense standoff, where Tan admits he killed Lee's father, Tan tries to break free, but Lee kicks Tan out of the window and he falls to his death. Hu Li then enters, holding a time bomb. Lee and Carter leap out of the window just as the bomb goes off, killing Hu Li. They slide on decoration wires with their jackets and barely escaping the traffic on the street in the process. Later, at the airport, Sterling thanks Lee for his work on the case. Molina says she would like to tell Lee something, and proceeds to kiss him for a short time, an event witnessed from afar by Carter. Lee and Carter plan to go their separate ways, but Lee reveals that he has always wanted to go to Madison Square Garden and watch a New York Knicks basketball game. Carter tells Lee he could go for one more vacation, and the two of them decide to go to the Big Apple."] ['The battleship {{USS}} arrives at Pearl Harbor, where George H. W. Bush announces that the ship will be decommissioned in California, making the trip her final voyage. Casey Ryback , a Chief Petty Officer assigned as a cook, is preparing meals in celebration of the birthday of Captain Adams ([[Patrick O\'Neal , against the orders of Commander Krill , who is having food and entertainment brought by helicopter. Krill provokes a brawl with Ryback. Unable to imprison Ryback in the brig without clearance from the captain, Krill detains Ryback in a freezer and places a Marine, Private Nash , on guard. A CH-46 helicopter lands on the ship\'s deck with a musical band, along with Playmate Jordan Tate  and a group of caterers who are really a band of mercenaries led by ex-CIA operative Bill Strannix . Strannix\' forces seize control of the ship with the help of turncoat Krill. Several officers are killed, including Captain Adams. The rest of the ship\'s company are imprisoned in the forecastle, except for some stragglers in unsecured areas. Strannix intends to steal and sell the ship\'s Tomahawks by unloading them onto a submarine he had previously stolen from North Korea. The CIA had tried and failed to assassinate him prior to the events of the film. Strannix and his men take over the ship\'s weapon systems, shooting down an F/A-18 Hornet sent to investigate, and plan on covering their escape by using missiles to obliterate tracking systems in Pearl Harbor. Krill realizes they forgot about Ryback and learns the kitchen is an unsecured area. Strannix sends mercenaries to eliminate Ryback and Nash. Nash is killed, but Ryback manages to kill the mercenaries. He begins killing off terrorists with the limited help of Jordan Tate. Ryback also gets in contact with Admiral Bates  at the Pentagon by using a satellite phone, whereupon the Navy plans to send a SEAL team to retake the ship. Krill discovers that Ryback is really a Chief Petty Officer and former Navy SEAL. To keep the missile-theft plan in place, Krill activates the fire sprinklers in the forecastle, leaving the crew members to drown. The terrorists expect that Ryback will try to save his colleagues, and set up an ambush. Ryback locates a group of sailors in hiding and along with them engages a successful counter-strike, turning off the sprinklers and eliminating several terrorists. Ryback shuts down the Missouris weapon systems, in order to allow the incoming Navy SEALs to land. The submarine crew shoots down the helicopter carrying the Navy SEALs with shoulder-fired surface-to-air missiles. The Pentagon responds by ordering an air strike that will sink the Missouri. Strannix regains control of the ship\'s weapon systems and Tomahawks are loaded onto the submarine, departing with Krill on board. With the aid of Jordan and his fellow sailors, Ryback uses the battleship\'s guns to sink the submarine, killing Krill and everyone on board. Strannix suffers a major concussion from being in the proximity of the Missouris guns as they are fired. He launches two nuclear-tipped Tomahawks towards Honolulu. As the sailors recapture the ship, Ryback finds his way into the control room, where he is captured by Strannix. Strannix and Ryback realize they know each other from their past covert experiences. Ryback states that both of them are disillusioned and were "used" by their government; Strannix says Ryback still believes in his country, whereas Strannix does not. Ryback and Strannix then engage in a knife fight wherein Ryback kills Strannix. Ryback then takes the launch codes needed to self-destruct the Tomahawk missiles. One of the two missiles is destroyed by an F/A-18 Hornet. The codes are dialed in and the second Tomahawk missile is deactivated, blowing apart before it would have destroyed Honolulu. The Pentagon calls off the air strike. The remaining crew members are freed as the ship sails towards San Francisco harbor. Ryback is checked by a Navy doctor, kisses Jordan and the crew looks on and cheers. The film ends with a funeral ceremony for Captain Adams being held on the deck of the Missouri, showing the Captain\'s casket with a flag draped over it and Ryback saluting in his formal dress uniform with full decorations.'] ["{{plot}} On a distant planet, a powerful wizard named Larigot is hunted by Divatox a pirate and evil queen who seeks his golden key to traverse a dimensional barrier to join forces in an evil matrimony with an evil demon named Maligore. Evading Divatox's Piranhatrons, Larigot transports himself to Earth to seek out his friend Alpha 5 and ask Zordon for help. He ends up landing in Africa and quickly becomes weakened by the planet's ultraviolet light. Seeking out regular animals for help to find Alpha he eventually finds a pack of chimps to take him with them. Meanwhile, while practicing for a martial arts tournament to fund the Angel Grove Youth Shelter with Adam and Tommy, Rocky becomes impatient and makes a bad move, causing him to fall out of the ring and injure his back. Justin, who is one of the children who attend the Youth Center is particularly upset by this and goes to visit Rocky in the hospital. He hides when Tommy, Adam, Kat and Tanya come to visit, and inadvertently witnesses Zordon summon them to the Power Chamber, revealing their identities to him by mistake. At the same time, Bulk and Skull become lost when making their way to an event and are suddenly accosted by Divatox's mutant nephew Elgar, but are rejected as she needs two spirits of purity and strength, which they lack. She then spots two perfect specimens diving off the coast near where the ship is and she captures them. Using tracking devices, Tommy and Kat teleport to Africa to find Larigot. Kat is nearly attacked by a python which Tommy wrestles to the ground, sending Kat over the edge of a large waterfall which injures her leg. They find Larigot who heals Kat's leg with a touch and they return to the Power Chamber. Shortly after, Divatox contacts Zordon and the Rangers using a telepathic transmission from Larigot's wife Yara and their baby Batel. She threatens them harm if Larigot doesn't turn himself over to her willingly, and as an added incentive, she offers her captured specimens; former Power Rangers Jason Lee Scott and Kimberly Hart. When they go to meet, Elgar tricks them and takes Larigot, leaving dummies in place of Kim and Jason. To give chase, the Rangers are given new Turbo powers and powerful car-like Zords. Justin joins them at the last minute as the new Blue Ranger and they board the Ghost Galleon, a ship undetectable by Divatox's scanners. However she detects their presence on the ship and sends Putripods after them. They manage to subdue the creatures and join their Power Keys to traverse the dimensional barrier. Meanwhile, Jason, Kim, Bulk and Skull open the bilge they are being held in and everyone but Jason escapes. Kim is caught by the Malichians, the guardians of Maligore shortly after and becomes Divatox's prisoner again. Meanwhile, the Rangers morph and track Divatox to Maligore's temple. Despite their efforts, Kim and Jason are sacrificed to Maligore and made evil forcing the Rangers to fight them as well as Divatox's minions. Larigot and Yara are reunited and use their powers to cure Jason and Kimberly who help turn the tide of battle. Maligore awakens fully and Divatox sicks him on them, the Rangers form the Turbo Megazord and defeat Maligore. Leaving Divatox to retreat, threatening her revenge on the Rangers for ruining her plans. Jason, Kim, Bulk and Skull are picked up by the Rangers, but the latter pair faint at the sight of Larigot and his family. Later, Jason joins Tommy and Adam in Rocky's place and they win the competition, securing the Youth Center's funding. Later, back at the Power Chamber, the Rangers bid Larigot and his family a fond farewell, the day having been saved once again."] ["Kiroku Nanbu  is a Catholic, teenager attending a military-tooled middle school in 1935 Bizen, Okayama. Living in a boardinghouse, he is infatuated with his landlady's chaste daughter, Michiko . Unable to express his feelings or quell his libido with masturbation, due to peer pressure, shyness, and Catholic guilt, Nanbu turns to the only outlet left available to him: crazed, brutal violence. Taken under the wing of Turtle , Nanbu is taught how to fight through an elaborate training regimen. He then joins a school gang, the OSMS. A conflict between gang leader Takuan  and Turtle ensues concluding with Nanbu's usurpation of OSMS leadership. Setting a more aggressive manifesto of actively breaking all school rules, and avoiding girls entirely, he has a run-in with the school drill sergeant and is suspended. Turtle speaks to the school administration on Nanbu's behalf resulting in both students fleeing Okayama, leaving Michiko behind. Now living in the Aizuwakamatsu, Fukushima with his aunt and uncle Nanbu reenlists in school but is repulsed by his classmates weakness. He forms a new group and heightened conflicts commence with a local gang. Michiko visits to say goodbye to Nanbu and tell him that she has decided to join a convent as she is unable to bear children. She is later waylaid by marching soldiers. Distraught to new heights, Nanbu spots a poster for  radical, political activist, Ikki Kita , who he had met briefly in a tea house, and, reinvigorated, marches on to join in the events of Ni-niroku jiken."] ["St. Jude Square is a neighborhood living in fear and despair. The dueling gangs of local kingpins Dash and Antuan terrorize the streets and the citizens live without a shred of hope until mysterious stranger Ryan Hong  and Brandon Beard from Perth WA Van Damme's  He begins to play one gang against the other using his unparalleled martial arts skills, and by calling on the teachings of his brilliant mentor Tiano  to find the strength to battle back. However, just as he begins to bring the community under control, Hong has been confronted by Mr. V, the town's ruthless and corrupt police chief. At first Mr. V is impressed by Hong's skill, but soon sees Hong as a threat to his regime and the two warriors are locked in a head to head battle, pitting the fear and corruption of Mr. V's regime versus the new beginning Hong represents for the people of St. Jude Square."] ['Known by few, there exists an elite corp of international bodyguards based in China. Allan Hui Ching-yeung  is one of their most promising members known for his highly unorthodox methods, such as pointing a gun at a client\'s head. Although his methods are anti-trust building, his decisions are usually right. When a wealthy man\'s  girlfriend, Michelle Yeung  becomes the only surviving  witness of a mob murder, Allan  is hired to deal with the many attempts on her life. After isolating her completely in her penthouse with her young nephew and two Hong Kong policemen, Charlie Leung Kam-Po  and Ken , he has to deal with her anger at being sequestered. Meantime the mob boss becomes desperate to off this last witness to her murder before his upcoming court date. He hires a deadly Chinese assassin Wang Wen Junand calls in sick to postpone the court date. All the while Michelle goes berserk as she is not allowed any freedom  with Allan being equally fed up at not being able to join the Chinese Premier\'s bodyguard detail in Southern China. Michelle eventually storms out of the estate. This turns ugly as the mall is crawling with mob assassins dressed as mall clerks, custodians, patrons, and police officers. After a massive shoot-out inside the mall killing all would-be assassins, they manage to get out to the car. However, an assassin posing as a police officer comes to shoot her with a pistol in his jacket pocket. Fortunately, Charlie stops him and is shot twice in his bulletproof vest. In response, Allan fires several shots from the car killing the perpetrator. The plot gets ugly as the "police officer" turns out to be the younger brother of the Chinese Assassin, who helped save him from a bullet while they were both serving in the Chinese People\'s Liberation Army. He abducts the body from the police morgue killing five forensic centre guards with a tri-bladed bayonet. Burying the body and tossing paper money into the flames, he swears vengeance against the bodyguard. Meanwhile back at the penthouse, Michelle finally begins to understand that her bodyguards care for her. After apologizing to Allan, she finds that she is falling for him and tries to seduce him. Allan also has some feelings towards Michelle as she tries to seduce him, but held his feelings. Finally, things come to a climax when the a group of assassins and Jun storm the house. Fighting in the house, Allan holds the advantage of being familiar with the house\'s layout. He takes out most of the assailants leaving only Jun standing but not before they severely wound the two policemen. With no one left to stop them, Jun and the bodyguard engage in a long hand to hand fight, trashing most of the house. During the melee, the boyfriend enters the house just as Jun recovers his gun. Michelle breaks cover to hold up a stumbling Allan who had been bayoneted in the left lung. Jun points the gun at all three of them asking her to choose who should die first. The boyfriend makes an offer to double whatever he was being paid for the hit in exchange for her life which the assassin refuses. He says his brother was shot seven times, and he intends to put seven bullets into somebody as retribution but then adds, "Perhaps you could pay someone to take the bullet for her?". Allan steps forward as Jun fires a shot at Michelle. The shot hits Allan in the chest causing him to fall back into Michelle\'s arms. "One down, six more to go." Jun says and fires again. Impossibly Michelle tries to shield Allan with her body only to have him struggle up pushing her away. The bullet hits him in the back spinning him around. As he spins toward Jun, he uses the last of his strength to pull the bayonet from his chest and throw it into the assassin\'s neck. The scene ends with Michelle holding the convulsing Allan and crying inconsolably. With the danger over and the court concluded, we see Michelle and her boyfriend driving to the Chinese/Hong Kong border. The boyfriend, James, was given a note by Allan stating that he needs to be there for her. At the border they try to get Allan to stay in Hong Kong with them. However they are barred from setting foot on Chinese soil pass the checkpoint. As per his wishes, two items were left for them in Hong Kong. The first was the trunk full of money paid by James to Allan which he wills to the police chief. In it is a note, that the money is for his son\'s education and that the chief shouldn\'t gamble anymore. Lastly there was a small box for Michelle. The box had his watch which were usually swapped between persons as mementos of the person. Michelle remembers and cries \'Allan\' as his car drives away from the border checkpoint back into China.'] ['The Golden Sword school is attacked by bandits. The servant Fang Cheng sacrifices his life to protect his master Qi Ru Feng. In gratitude, Qi accepts the dying Fang Cheng\'s son, Fang Kang, as his student. Years later, Fang Kang is scorned by his snobbish fellow students because of his poor background. Deciding that he will only cause trouble for his master Fang Kang leaves the school only to run into his classmates and his master\'s spoiled daughter, Pei Er. In the ensuing fight Fang\'s right arm is cut off by Pei Er, who is angry at his indifference towards her. Stumbling away, Fang falls off a bridge into the passing boat of a peasant girl Xiao Man. Xiao Man nurses him back to health and the two fall in love. Fang Kang is nevertheless depressed as he is unable to practice his swordsmanship. Reluctantly, Xiao Man gives him a half-burnt kung-fu manual which she had inherited from her now dead parents. With its help, Fang Kang is able to master a new one-armed style of swordplay, making him stronger than before. Meanwhile master Qi Ru Feng is preparing for his 55th birthday and has invited all of his students to the celebration to choose a successor from amongst them so that he can retire from the martial arts world. However, his old enemies the Long-armed Devil and the Smiling Tiger Cheng are taking the opportunity to destroy Qi Ru Feng. Using a specially designed "sword-lock", they ambush and kill Qi\'s students travelling to the celebration. Fang Kang inadvertently learns of the plot and, breaking his promise to Xiao Man not to involve himself in the martial arts world, rushes to save his master. He is delayed en route by the Long Armed Devil\'s accomplices and when he arrives the Long Armed Devil has already killed most of the students and wounded Qi Ru Feng. In a vicious battle, Fang Kang manages to kill the Long Armed Devil, but chooses to return to Xiao Man and become a farmer, instead of taking his master\'s place at the school.'] ["Inspired by the Finnish epic The Kalevala, the story opens with a down-on-his luck novice blacksmith name Kai whose girlfriend, Ronja, leaves him. Ronja tries to dispose of his collection of Asian artifacts and what appears to be an urn full of ashes at an antique dealer. The ashes are his burned up hair and nail clippings, used by blacksmiths to prevent rust. This sets off a mythical series of events that holds Ronja back from leaving town. The ashes open a mythical chest, which causes Kai to remember a past life where he was a half-Chinese half-Finnish warrior named Sintai, fated to battle a demon in ancient China, threatening to enslave all of humankind. Sintai is fated to be rewarded with Nirvana upon dying in that lifetime if he killed the demon. Sintai is abetted—and then ultimately disheartened—by a female warrior named Pin Yu, who has captured his heart. Shortly after, Pin Yu unexpectedly finds her lost lover, Cho, who is Sintai's friend. Upon realizing this, Sintai uses a magical chest to imprison the demon and escape Nirvana. He then commits suicide to be reborn as Kai, who is being instructed by the now freed demon to build the Sampo, an item that will open the gates to hell. Kai's remembering and the sampo building are transposed to each other. Finally, Kai realizes what he has done and knows his complete past life and, with Pin Yu now reincarnated as Ronja and potentially returned to his side, he decides to fulfill his original quest and kill the demon."] ["The film is set in western China in 700 during the Tang Dynasty, and revolves around two protagonists, the first of which is Lieutenant Li of the Chinese army. Li's refusal to kill Göktürk women and child prisoners causes a mutiny, leading him to be expelled from the army and become a fugitive, traveling through the Gobi Desert. He eventually comes across a caravan which carries a powerful, mystical relic accompanied by a Buddhist monk. Li protects the caravan from Göktürks as well as the overlord of the region, Master An, who is hired by the Göktürk Khan to seize the relic. The second protagonist, a Japanese emissary, Lai Xi, is ordered by the emperor of China to kill the fugitive, Li. In a twist of fate, Lai Xi realizes that the caravan is on a mission and helps Li to defend it, and ensures that it arrives at the capital safely. They promise to fight each other only after their duty is done, although that battle never comes to pass."] ['The leader of the Kong Tung clan is Yen Chan Ying , a ruthless warlord who is master of 26 styles which gives him a tremendous advantage over normal martial artists. One day a proud man dares to step forth and speak against Yen Chan Ying’s villainy. Sadly, the man’s fighting skills are not as immense as his bravery and he goes down to Yen Chan Ying like so many others before him. The man’s family members deliver his infant son to the nearby Abbot  who in turn takes the baby to the well-to-do clan of Chen Yung , an honorable Kung Fu instructor who owes the baby’s father a debt of gratitude. The Abbot informs Chen Yung to raise the boy as a warrior to take revenge on his father’s killer, and hands him a special book to train him in the Iron Body style. One day while Chen Yung labors over the kids training, he leaves his family unprotected. This allows Yen Chan Ying to kill the rest of his clan. The obsessed Chen Yung now plans to use the kid, now called Tiger, to take revenge for not only himself, but Tiger’s father as well. The kid quickly grows into a young man who displays considerable invulnerability and martial arts abilities. Chen Yung keeps training Tiger intensely until his 18th birthday, and all this hard work has left him cold. Tiger doesn’t have a normal life like most young men as he is constantly focused on Kung Fu. He winds up leaving Chen Young’s palace and exploring the life in the nearby village. Chen Yung’s daughter, Lin Erh  follows him into the town. Meanwhile, Yen Chan Ying crosses paths with Chen Yung in the woods, and the two elders fight for supremecy. Yen Chan Ying kills his opponent and when Tiger hears about this, he promises to eliminate the killer of his adopted father. Lin Erh also pledges her life to seek justice for her father’s death. Tiger asks the Abbott for advice, and the Abbot sends him to Tai Shing Temple to seek out the legendary manual of Kung Fu. With it, his skills would even over power the great Yen Chan Ying. Inside the temple are numerous death traps and one must use their ingenuity and martial arts skills to make it through the maze-like interiors. No one has ever made it through the Tai Shing Temple alive. Tiger was trained since birth to become a super human fighting machine and he must use every skill that he has learned if he is to make it through this temple of doom and secure the mystical Kung Fu manual!'] ['Tsui Chik , tries to lead a quiet life as a librarian. However, he is really a former test subject for a highly secretive supersoldier project and the instructor of a special commando unit dubbed "701." The 701 squad is used for many government missions, but after one of the agents kills a team of policemen in an uncontrollable rage, the government decides to abort the project and eliminate all the subjects. Tsui Chik helped the surviving 701 agents flee the extermination attempt. Having escaped, Tsui Chik went separate ways from his team Later, he discovers that rest of the team were responsible for a violent crime spree that was beyond the capability of the local police. He sets out to stop them, donning a disguise and using the superhero alias of "Black Mask". Having lost the ability to feel pain due to the surgery performed on the super-soldiers by the military, Black Mask is highly invulnerable.'] ["It is the Bakumatsu period in Japan. Jiro, a young boy of both Japanese and Ainu descent, was a foundling raised by a kindly innkeeper and her daughter in the village of Sai on the Shimokita Peninsula during the last years of the Tokugawa Shogunate, several years before the start of Japan's Meiji Restoration. One evening, a lone shinobi, appears out of the darkness and kills Jiro's adoptive mother and sister while the boy was away. When he returns home, he finds their dead bodies, a strange dagger and a whole host of angry villagers who blame him for killing his family. Rather than stay in the village and face a brutal crucifixion for the grave crime of parricide, Jiro escapes into the night with the dagger and meets with a buddhist monk called Tenkai who works for the Shogunate as an Oniwaban . Tenkai takes the boy face-to-face with the man who supposedly killed his family and gets him to deliver the killing blow. Afterwards, his entire village is set ablaze and the villagers slaughtered to cover up the incident. Tenkai then takes Jiro in at his temple on the island of Ezo, and has his subordinates Shingo and Sanpei train him in the ways of Ninja so that one day, he may learn of his father. Tenkai quickly dispatches Shingo to follow Jiro and make sure he stays to the same path as Tarouza, Jiro's late father. As Jiro travels in search of answers to the mystery of his family line, he comes across a group of Japanese men beating up an old Ainu man. The old man's son, Uraka, implores Jiro's help and he quickly dispatches the punks. The old man dies of his injuries, and Jiro and Uraka escape to Uraka's home village of Shinopirika-Kotan, unaware the old man's assailants are actually agents of Tenkai. At Kotan, the village elder recognizes Jiro's dagger as the Dagger of Kamui. He states that it was originally owned by the previous village chieftain, and as given as a gift to a Japanese ninja who married the chieftain's daughter, Oyaruru. The Elder then tells Jiro that one day Oyaruru returned to Kotan alone, and eventually left the village to live upriver by herself. Jiro seeks out Oyaruru, and learns she is his biological mother, and of the misfortune Tenkai had wrought on her family. Tenkai dispatched Tarouza to the mountain Kamui Nupuri to find a great treasure large enough to keep the Shogunate in power. Tarouza, however, broke all contact with Tenkai, and married Oyaruru. When Tenkai and his men caught up with them, he slashed the face of the infant Jiro, and sent him floating downriver in the canoe his parents would have used to escape. On the cliff above, Tarouza loses an eye to a primitive grenade, and his sword arm to Hanzou. He falls over the cliff, seemingly to his death. Jiro comes to the horrifying realization that Tenkai had tricked him; the man he stabbed was his father. During their evening meal, without ever noticing, both Jiro and Oyaruru take in a paralysis potion through the food and Oyaruru is killed with the Dagger of Kamui, implicating Jiro in her murder. Imprisoned according to village law, Uraka returns to help Jiro, who finally understands that Tenkai has been manipulating him and the time for revenge is at hand. Revelation after revelation of Jiro's heritage and family is revealed until the final climax: A bloody showdown between Tenkai and Jiro. The movie is very accurate in its depictions of pre-Meiji Japan, Russia, and the United States, and deals directly with historical events such as the Boshin War, and historical figures such as Saigō Takamori, Andō Shōzan, Oguri Kōzukenosuke Tadamasa, Geronimo, and Mark Twain."] [' Computer programmer Thomas Anderson  is secretly a hacker known as "Neo". He is restless, eager and driven to learn the meaning of cryptic references to the "Matrix" appearing on his computer. A female hacker named Trinity  confirms that a man named Morpheus  can help him; however, three Agents, led by Agent Smith , arrest Neo and attempt to prevent him from collaborating with Morpheus. Undeterred, Neo meets with Morpheus and agrees to follow him by swallowing an offered red pill. Neo abruptly awakens in a liquid-filled vessel, connected along with millions of other people to an elaborate electrical structure. He is rescued by Morpheus and brought aboard a levitating ship called the Nebuchadnezzar. Morpheus tells Neo that humans are fighting against intelligent machines that were created early in the 21st century and have since taken control of the Earth\'s surface. The machines harvest the bioelectrical energy of humans, who are kept docile within the "Matrix" – a simulation of the world as it was in 1999. Neo has lived in this simulated world since birth; in reality, the year is closer to 2199. Morpheus and his crew belong to a group of free humans who "unplug" others from the Matrix and recruit them to their rebellion against the Machines. They are able to connect themselves to the Matrix and enter the simulated reality, where they can gain superhuman abilities by using their understanding of its true nature to manipulate its physical laws. Neo undergoes combat training to become a member of the rebellion. He is warned that fatal injuries within the Matrix will also kill one\'s physical body, and that the Agents he previously met are powerful sentient computer programs that eliminate human threats to the system. Morpheus believes that Neo is "the One", a man prophesied to end the war. The group enters the Matrix to visit the Oracle , who predicted the emergence of the One. The Oracle implies that Neo is not the One, but warns that Neo must soon choose between his life and that of Morpheus. As the group prepares to exit the Matrix, they are ambushed by Agents and tactical police, leading to the death of crew member Mouse . Morpheus allows himself to be captured to let Neo and the crew escape. As the rest of the crew heads to another telephone to leave the Matrix, they learn that their fellow crew member Cypher  has betrayed them. Disillusioned with the real world, Cypher had earlier made a deal with the Agents for a permanent return to the comfortable life of the Matrix, in exchange for handing over Morpheus to the Agents. Aboard the Nebuchadnezzar, Cypher murders crew members Switch, Apoc and Dozer before he is killed by Dozer\'s younger brother Tank . In the Matrix, the Agents drug and interrogate Morpheus in an attempt to learn his access codes to the mainframe computer in Zion, the humans\' subterranean refuge in the real world. Neo and Trinity return to the Matrix and rescue Morpheus; in the process, Neo becomes more confident in his ability to manipulate the Matrix, and is ultimately able to dodge bullets fired at him. Morpheus and Trinity use a telephone to exit the Matrix, but Neo is ambushed by Agent Smith before he can leave. He stands his ground and defeats Smith, but is forced to flee when the Agent comes back in another body. In the real world, "sentinel" machines converge on the Nebuchadnezzar. In the Matrix, just before reaching another exit, Neo is shot and killed by Agent Smith. Trinity, who is standing over Neo\'s body in the real world, whispers that the Oracle told her she would fall in love with the One. She kisses Neo and restores his life. In the Matrix, Neo revives with new power to perceive and control the simulated world, and effortlessly destroys Agent Smith, before returning to the real world in time for the ship\'s EMP weapon to destroy the attacking sentinels. The film ends with Neo back in the Matrix, making a telephone call promising that he will demonstrate to the people imprisoned in the Matrix that "anything is possible." He hangs up the phone and flies into the sky.'] ["After his lengthy training nears completion, expert swordsman Kao is entrusted with an unusual mission by his elderly master. The task involves taking the fabled 'Teardrop Sword' down into the martial world and solving the petty squabbles of a few supremely skilled individuals, while also deciding the fate of the seemingly cursed weapon. Kao takes his master's words on board, descends from his mountain retreat and prepares to meet the weird and wonderful pugilists he has heard so much about. Kao's arrival in town is noticed by the so-called 'Unbeatable' Sze-ma Chao-chun and his fiendishly intelligent aide Zhou who decide to keep a close eye on the stranger as they prepare to host a lavish ceremony. Unfortunately for Sze-ma, the celebration is disrupted by an assassination that leaves the whole of his clan rocked by the vicious attack. Kao insists that he has no involvement in the murder, but is happy to side with Sze-ma's long-time enemy Chu Meng of 'Braveheart Hall' when the rival clan leader is ambushed by a troop of killers. Though the histories of both swordsmen is familiar to Kao thanks to his master's instruction, he is less sure of the enigmatic killer who continues to appear during the most intriguing moments."] ['After losing a fight, boxer Zack Gomes  is informed by a doctor that he has sustained a partially detached retina, and he may risk permanent blindness should he receive another hit to the head. On his way out of the hospital, he overhears the receptionist talking about MMA while viewing the website for an upcoming underground event known as "The Beatdown". Talented MMA fighter Tim Newhouse  struggles to help his family when they are in debt following the death of his father. Former high school wrestler Mike Stokes  is the new kid in college and deals with issues involving his father leaving his mother for a man. Comic book store clerk Justin Epstein  is walking home when he is run down and cut by bullies. However, he is saved by Tim and his martial arts master Case Walker , who are training in a vacant lot. Mike gets kicked off the college wrestling team for starting a brawl and knocking out a teammate who made degrading comments about his father. Afterwards, he goes to see Max Cooperman , who had previously contacted him about entering the Beatdown. Outside Max\'s dorm room, Mike meets Zack with both taking an instant disliking to each other. As part of their tryout, they brawl for a bit and Max tells them that while they are good, they need to get better. Max proceeds to refer them to Case, who is described as being a Kyokushin karate black-belt, a former collegiate wrestler and a Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu expert who was set to become a phenomenon in the MMA world years ago. They find Case at his home in an old junkyard with a makeshift gym where Tim and Justin are already training. Case is at first reluctant to train either of them, but he states that he will teach each of them differently and they must follow his orders without question. A few weeks into training, they each get into an argument over their reasons for training and deserving to be there more, the worst of it being Justin and Zack hurting each other physically, leaving them to settle it themselves. Max goes into Case\'s trailer and offers him the chance to make some money and at the same time, help him promote the Beatdown. Later on, Case is harassed by police officers, who threaten him for violating his probation. Because of this, the team builds a new gym where they can train and hold the Beatdown tournament. Danger strikes when Justin snaps from constant bullying, goes rogue and decides to not only attack his personal enemies but also the group itself by framing their mentor and setting him up to go to jail. The rest of the group find out what has happened to Case and decide to band together and take on Justin at the Beatdown to avenge their mentor. With each facing their own trials to reach the final match, it comes down to only one of them versus their own. Mike defeats Zack, while Justin injures Tim in the restroom - thus eliminating him from the tournament. In the tournament finals, Mike engages Justin in a grueling fight until he wins by breaking Justin\'s shoulders via an Omoplata submission hold. Justin attempts to retaliate by jumping Mike from behind, but Mike counters with a superman punch to the face. As Mike and his girlfriend Eve  celebrate his win, he finally calls his father and ask him to go out to dinner because they have a lot to talk about. Case gets a call from "Big" John McCarthy and confirms his return to MMA.'] ['Hong Kong police inspector Chan Kwok-chung has devoted his career to putting Wong Po, a notorious triad boss, behind bars. While escorting a witness with damning evidence of Wong\'s wrongdoings to court, Chan\'s car is rammed at high speed by another car driven by Jack, a ruthless assassin hired by Wong. The impact severely injures the witness and his wife, whom Jack proceeds to kill after getting down from his car. The witness\' young daughter, however, is spared. Chan survives too, but has a piece of glass stuck in the back of his head. When the glass is removed, doctors notice a tumour in Chan\'s brain and informs him that he does not have long to live. Chan becomes even more determined to bring down Wong Po, using any means necessary. Three years later, Ma Kwun, a police officer from another precinct, is assigned to replace Chan, who is going to retire soon, and take over leadership of Chan\'s team, composed of Luk, Kwok and Lee. All the three men are very protective of Chan, who has since adopted the slain witness\' daughter. An electronics shop owner brings to the police station a video tape of Wong Po murdering an undercover agent planted by Chan in the triad. In the video, Wong is seen swinging a golf club repeatedly, allegedly at the agent\'s face, but does not kill the latter, and instead allows one of his men to finish him off. Chan and his colleagues decide to alter the tape, intimidate the shop owner into accusing Wong Po of being the murderer, and eliminate the real killer . Ma Kwun, who had once beaten up a drug trafficker so badly that the latter has become mentally-handicapped, has vowed to abstain from using questionable means in his career as a policeman, unlike Chan and the rest of the team. He is upset when he sees Chan and his colleagues resorting to those "dirty" methods to frame Wong Po for murder. He witnesses Chan and the three men cornering Wong Po\'s henchman  and pushing the latter off a building, and confronts the four of them, resulting in a brief fight. Despite their disagreements, Ma still assists Chan and the team later in the arrest of Wong Po, which culminates in a brawl in the lobby of a department store with the rotund crime lord. The squad receives a warning that all of them will not make it to see the next day if they get out of the police station that night. Ignoring the threat, Lee goes to buy a gun to serve as Wong Po\'s "murder weapon", but is trapped in an enclosed area and killed by a knife-wielding Jack. Jack later sneaks up on Luk and Kwok and stabs them to death. Ma Kwun rushes there to save them but is too late. Before dying, Luk confesses to Ma that he, Kwok and Lee had stolen money from Wong Po to help Chan raise his adopted daughter, and were targeted for retaliation by Wong. In the police station, Chan\'s superiors discovered that he had tampered with evidence to frame Wong Po for murder and reprimand him and free Wong. Chan later goes to Wong Po\'s office alone to return the stolen money. He attempts to catch the crime lord off guard and shoots a few goons but is eventually overpowered by Jack, who knocks the revolver out of his hand. Jack then thrusts his knife through Chan\'s hand. In the meantime, Ma Kwun has a heated argument with his superiors over the handling of the case and he turns in his badge and gun. He receives a call from Wong Po, who tells him that he has taken Chan captive. Ma encounters Jack in a back alley. Armed with only a baton, Ma engages in intense martial arts combat with the knife expert. Jack wrestles the baton away from Ma\'s hands, but Ma manages to eviscerate Jack with his own knife. Ma then heads up to Wong Po\'s office and sees Chan strung up and unable to move. He fights with the crime lord and seemingly kills Wong when he backdrops the latter onto a tall display of glasses and bottles. Ma then sits down at the bar and starts to pour himself a drink. Chan, still strung up, starts to speak to Ma. Wong then suddenly gets up and charges at Ma, throwing him out of the window. Ma lands on the roof of the car in which Wong\'s wife and baby son is in, crushing them, and all three are killed instantly. When Wong gazes down at Ma\'s body, he notices the car underneath and recognises the number plate. He slumps down and starts sobbing, broken with grief over his actions. In the final scene, Chan and his adopted daughter are seen on a beach, as the girl is playing near the shore. Chan finally succumbs to his tumour and dies.  SPL opened in Hong Kong on 18 November 2005. In its first three days it grossed HK$2,166,088. It stayed in the number one position at the Hong Kong box office until 6 December,http://www.boxofficemojo.com/intl/hongkong/2005/ and eventually grossed HK$7,425,473 in its entire run.http://hkmdb.com/db/movies/view.mhtml?ideng'] ['Ashes to Ashes is set in London, England. The film is a surreal journey into the dreams and misadventures of Gabriel Darbeaux a young screenwriter and martial arts enthusiast who supplements his income by escorting wealthy women. We are introduced to Gabriel’s character as he is chased and cornered by a group of Triad thugs armed with swords, sticks and nunchaku. Using his own nunchaku Gabriel manages to fight off the thugs only to find that the whole episode was an early morning dream. The dream provides inspiration for the opening scene of his latest screenplay entitled ‘Ashes to Ashes’ a thriller involving the Italian Mafia, Chinese Triads and a generous amount of martial arts action. While Gabriel believes that the success of this script will give him financial independence, his best friend Michael has plans of setting up his own escort agency. To fund this project, he resorts to making secret recordings of his sexual encounters with a banker’s wife and hopes to earn £100,000 through blackmail. Gabriel receives a call to meet with one of his regular clients at an exclusive restaurant in the West End of London. The woman fails to show and instead Gabriel encounters the beautiful Arabella Simone who draws him into a world which is disturbingly similar to that featured in his screenplay for Ashes to Ashes. Arabella is the former mistress to Valentino Tarantola, a possessive Italian gangster who employs ‘Laundrymen’ Muhammed and Nelson to do his dirty work. When Valentino is apparently castrated and left for dead at Arabella’s apartment she runs to Gabriel for help with the ‘Laundrymen’ close on her tail. Michael is called in to drive the two to a main line station from where they plan to take a train to France. Unfortunately, before the trio get very far, they are captured by the ‘Laundrymen’ and taken to a warehouse where they are introduced to Enrico Tarontola, Valentino’s sadistic younger brother. Bound and gagged, they are forced to listen helplessly as Enrico accuses Arabella of castrating and killing his brother Valentino and Michael of blackmailing his financial advisor’s wife. All three, including Gabriel are to be put to a violent death. Without warning, henchmen of a rival Triad boss storm the warehouse. In the ensuing battle, Gabriel is forced to fight for his life against Triad enforcers and Mafia hitmen. The film ends with Gabriel waking from a violent dream blurring the distinction between dream, reality and the fictional account that Gabriel is writing.'] ['The Royal Hong Kong Police Force is planning a major undercover sting called "Operation Boar Hunt" to arrest crime lord Chu Tao . Inspector Chan Ka-Kui  is part of the operation, along with undercover officers stationed in a shanty town. However, the criminals spot the police and the ensuing car chase cuts through the hillside shanty town. Ka-Kui persists in his chase, eventually following on foot as the drug lord attempts to escape in a double-decker bus. Ka Kui manages to get in front of the bus and bring it to a halt by threatening to shoot the driver with his service revolver. Later, Ka-Kui is reprimanded by Superintendent Li for letting the operation get out of hand, but subsequently presented to the media as a model police officer. His next assignment is to protect Chu Tao\'s secretary, Selina Fong , who plans to testify in court about Chu Tao\'s illegal activities. At first, Selina insists that she does not require protection, but after Ka Kui has a fellow policeman break into her apartment and pose as a knife-wielding murderer, she becomes more cooperative. When Ka-Kui arrives at his apartment with Selina, he is surprised by his girlfriend, May  and her friends, who are throwing a birthday party for him, but May becomes angry with Ka-Kui after seeing Selina only wearing lingerie and Ka-Kui\'s jacket. Not knowing that May would come back, Ka-Kui tells Selina during the shower about his differences with May hearing in. Ka-Kui later explains to May that Selina is a witness, but an upset May leaves the scene, though she does go to Chu Tao\'s trial the next day. Meanwhile, Selina discovers that the attack at her apartment was a sham, and thus records over her confession about working for Chu Tao that took place in the car ride there. She sneaks away while Ka-Kui is sleeping and is not present at the trial the next day. It is a failure for the prosecution because of Selina\'s tampering that made the court think Ka-Kui and she were engaging in sexual activity. Though Chu Tao is released on bail, he wants revenge against Ka-Kui. He captures Selina and plans to kill her to ensure her silence. Ka-Kui finds and frees her, but is attacked by several of Chu Tao\'s men. When fellow Police Inspector Man arrives , he reveals that he had been working with Chu Tao and thus Selina\'s capture was bait to lure Ka-Kui. However, Tao\'s men then kill Man with Kui\'s gun, thus framing him for murder. Now a fugitive cop killer, Ka-Kui must try to catch Chu Tao and clear his name, taking his superindendent as hostage. Selina goes to Chu Tao\'s office at a shopping mall to download incriminating data from Chu Tao\'s computer system. Chu Tao notices this and he and his men head to the shopping mall to intervene. Ka-Kui and May, who are monitoring Chu Tao\'s activities, follow. In the ensuing fight, Ka-Kui defeats all of Chu Tao\'s henchmen. The briefcase containing the computer data falls to the ground floor of the mall, but Chu Tao retrieves it after attacking May. Ka-Kui, at the top floor, sides down a pole wrapped in lightbulbs to the ground floor. As the entire police force arrives, Selina reveals that Chu Tao, not Ka-Kui, killed Inspector Man. Ka-Kui then violently apprehends Chu Tao and his defense attorney, but is held back humorously by his two friends Tak and Kim before things go too far.'] ['Chan stars as the wanderer Hsu Ying Fung, who quickly makes it known  that he possesses the "Eight Steps of the Snake and Crane", a martial arts book illustrating the ultimate kung fu style. The book was written by eight Shaolin masters shortly before their disappearance, and Hsu is suspected of killing them, or at least knowing what happened. In reality, Hsu is looking for the man responsible for the masters\' disappearance, whom he will know by a certain mark. After several fights, and encounters with the leaders of many fighting clans , Hsu is betrayed, hurt, and eventually captured. He escapes with an unlikely ally in tow, while the rest of the clan leaders, having put aside their differences, search high and low for him. Eventually Hsu finds the man with the mark, the other clan leaders learn the fate of the Shaolin Masters, and in an epic fight involving the Snake and Crane style, Hsu defeats the villain.'] ['When a thief driving a motorcycle steals a purse of a pedestrian, the clumsy, naive and honest rookie policeman Sang-hwan runs after him, but Eui Jin, specialist in martial arts, captures the criminal and Sang-hwan is severely injured. She brings Sang-hwan to her home, where the six Masters of Tao heal him and believe that he has a powerful Qi, the spiritual energy of the universe, and could be a powerful warrior. Sang-hwan begins his training to ascend to a Maruchi, while the evil and ambitious Heuk-woon is accidentally released from his imprisonment. The powerful Heuk-woon attacks the masters, searching for a key that they protect, which would permit him to become an Arahan and dominate the world. When the masters are defeated, Sang-hwan and Eui-jin are the only and last hope to mankind.'] ['Soong, a Khmer Rouge terrorist with plans to seed clouds with the chemical weapon Ricin-X, sends his son, Todd Nguyen his friend Guan Ai, to Hong Kong in a North Korean ship. On board is a container of the lethal poison, which the Koreans send an assassination team to retrieve. The Koreans are killed and Todd is knocked unconscious. The Hong Kong marine police showed up, forcing Guan to dump the container overboard and escape. She could not kill Todd to prevent his capture by the police. Todd is a wanted criminal, and so is getting medical treatment under the eye of the Hong Kong Anti Terrorist Force , commanded by Ma Li. Ma finds out Soong is in Hong Kong to enlist his former Cambodian partners to rescue his son. Todd is suffering from amnesia, and psychologist Shirley Kwan is brought in the help him restore his memory. Kwan suggested implating a new identity in Todd, making him an undercover operative for the police, but Ma initially objects on moral grounds. The Cambodian dies from an apparent suicide, but Ma spots Soong at the scene before he disappears. Soong breaks into the local TV station and finds out Ma\'s identity through old news bulletins. He also finds broadcasts condemning the Khmer Rouge, so he plants a bomb, which is detonated the next day by an employee. The CCTV footage from the station confirms it is Soong. Suspecting that Soong will try to rescue Todd at the hospital, Ma orders Todd back to ATC headquarters and sets up an ambush at the hospital. Soong and a few terrorists arrive just as Todd is being moved. They somehow know about the set-up. After disrupting communications, they kill the ATC team and escape, but without Todd. Ma finally agrees to Kwan\'s idea. But Todd also begins to have flashbacks of his true past and becomes confused. Soong demands that Ma bring Todd to the pedestrian bridge in Wan Chai North on the condition that he be alone. Todd was placed on the bridge, and an ambush team of snipers and undercover officers are set up. At the meeting time, an explosion erupts in a nearby building, causing the occupants to rush across the bridge. Guan appears in the confusion, stabs Todd\'s neck with a syringe and jumps onto a passing vehicle with an unconscious Todd, successfully escaping. Soong tries to kill Ma on the bridge, but flees when reinforcements arrive. Soong tries to "cure" Todd by engaging him in familiar activities. Believing he is undercover, Todd attempts to contact Ma when Guan hires a ship to recover the chemicals. Ma arranges another ambush at the shipyard when the terrorists arrive on the ship. He also kept Todd\'s role as an undercover operative a secret from the other officers. The police suffer major casualties and Todd is shocked. He considers shooting Soong in the back. He sees Guan watching him, however and hesitates. He later ends up saving Soong and all three escape by sea. Todd sneaks back to the police, but by then Ma issued an arrest warrant for him. Tood returned to Soong and says he doesn\'t remember the cause of the revolution. A police convoy is blocked by a stalled police car with an officer slumped over the wheel. They find the policeman\'s neck was slit and a bomb in his lap. Guan triggers the bomb in front of Todd, who has flashbacks on the way his son died. Ma orders police in the area to comb for more bombs. At Kai Tak Airport, Guan and Todd enter the airport\'s restricted area as journalists on an airport tour. They slip away from the group, and are stopped by a pair of Airport Security Unit officers. Guan shoots both policemen to Todd\'s shock. Meanwhile, Soong manages to recover the chemicals. At ATF headquarters, the files found on Todd are cracked, revealing the plans to unleash the chemicals over Cambodia. Ma realises the terrorists may be planning to hijack a plane to seed the clouds, and orders the Special Duties Unit to rush to Kai Tak. He discovers, though that most of them were already erroneously deployed to the new airport site at Chek Lap Kok. Ma orders the remaining 12 officers to the airport hangar. Guan and Todd successfully infiltrate the hangar, where they kill the technicians and hijack a small plane and crew. Soong transports the chemicals to the hangar, but just as he arrives, another group of ASU officers appear. The officers are shot in an ensuing gun battle, but several of Soong\'s men were also killed. Guan is badly injured trying to save Todd. She kills herself on the aircraft, and an infuriated Todd makes off with the chemicals while the plane is still in the hangar. Ma and his team of SDU officers arrive at the airport. Todd fends off Soong\'s men, escaping into a large drain which leads to a tunnel system. Soong follows right behind him. Ma deploys his men at both ends of the tunnel to trap them and rushes in with his officers. Todd and Soong fight in the tunnel before Ma\'s arrival. Ma badly injures Soong, but Soong activates the chemical bomb and dies. Ma is able to pull an injured Todd out just as the tunnel gates are shut to contain the blast. Todd mysteriously disappears into the night. At the new Hong Kong International Airport Todd leaves Hong Kong under the auspices of Ma, unknown to anyone else.'] ["Professor Lawrence Van Helsing  gives a lecture in 1904 at a Chongqing  university on Chinese vampire legend. He speaks of an unknown rural village that has been terrorized by a cult of seven known as 'Golden Vampires' for many years... He goes on to explain that a simple farmer, armed with a pitch-fork and who had lost his wife to the vampires, trekked his way to the temple of the vampires where he saw many other unfortunate woman strapped to tables waiting for their blood to be drained. The farmer burst in and battled the vampires. He is unsuccessful as his wife is killed in the fight. But in the chaos, he grabbed a bat-like medallion around one of the vampire's neck which he sees as the vampires life source. Defeated, the farmer flees the temple but the High Priest orders the vampires after him. No sooner have they left on horse-back, the priest summons the vampire's former victims: the 'Undead' from their graves to aid the seven vampires. Still carrying the medallion, the farmer places it around a small model of a Jade Buddha. He knocks desperately on the locked village gates but is in vain. The vampires and their undead catch up with him and kill him. However, one of the vampires spies the medallion around the buddha and goes over to collect it. The moment the vampire touched the Buddha, the creature is destroyed in flames. Van Helsing goes onto say that he is positive the village still exists and is still terrorised by the remaining six vampires. He is only unsure of where the village lies. Many students disapprove of the story and leave. After the lecture, a student named Hsi Ching informs him that the legend is true and that he knows the location of the village. He goes on to say that the farmer who killed one of the vampires was his grandfather. He proves his story by producing Van Helsing the dead vampire's bat-like medallion. He then asks Professor Van Helsing if he would be willing to travel to the village and destroy the vampire menace. Van Helsing agrees and embarks with his son; Leyland Van helsing, Hsi Ching and his seven kung-fu trained siblings on a dangerous journey funded by a wealthy widow named Vanessa Buren  who Leyland and two of Ching's siblings saved from the Tongs. On the journey, they are ambushed by the six remaining vampires in a cave along with the undead. The group are quickly engaged in battle and soon kill several of the vampires. The remaining beasts, sensing they are outnumbered, are quick to retreat, taking their army of undead with them. The following morning, the party reach the village, partly ruined but still populated, and prepare to make their final stand. They use wooden stakes as barriers and digging a large trench around them filled with  oil. In the temple that evening, Kah calls on the remaining vampires to kill Van Helsing and his party once and for all. The vampires ride on horseback followed by their army of undead to the village. The vampires reach the village and soon Van Helsing's group once again do battle with the last golden vampires and their undead resulting in nearly all their party being massacred. During the fight, Buren is bitten by a vampire and she quickly becomes one. She then seduces Ching and bites his neck. Knowing what he will become and what he has to do, Ching throws himself and Buren on a wooden stake killing them both. Elsewhere the remaining vampire captures one of Ching's siblings and takes her back to the temple to be drained. Seeing this, Van Helsings son, Leyland, steals a horse from one of the dead vampire's and pursues. The undead defeated, Van Helsing and his remaining party follow to help Layland at the temple. Having reached the temple itself, the vampire straps the sister to one of the altars. It is about to drain her when Layland leaps onto the creatures back and throws it to the ground before freeing the sister. However, the vampire comes round and attacks Layland throwing him onto one of the altars in the struggle. Leyland is about to be drained when Van Helsing and his group burst in. Van Helsing thrusts a spear into the vampires back, staking it. Dying, the last of the golden vampires stumbles and collapses into a vat of boiling blood where it quickly evaporates, leaving behind the bat-like medallion, its mask, a pile of dried blood and red dust. The party leave the temple, save for Van Helsing who feels a familiar atmosphere. Sure enough, a familiar voice barks from behind him. Van Helsing turns round to face Kah the High Priest. Recognizing the voice, Van Helsing realises that Dracula is using the form of the Monk to control the golden vampires and their undead. Van Helsing demands Dracula to show himself calling him a coward. Dracula reverts to his true form and attacks Van Helsing. In the ensuing struggle, Van Helsing succeeds in stabbing Dracula with a spear through the heart. Weakened, the Count collapses onto one of the altars and gradually decays to bones. The spear that killed Dracula is weakened and collapses, smashing the vampires skull. Soon, there is nothing left of of the Count, save for his dusty remains and the blood-stained spear. Van Helsing sighs with relief as the nightmare of Count Dracula is finally over."] ["Following Dongfang Bubai's apparent death in Swordsman II, the wulin  sinks into chaos as it is without a dominant leader. Several imposters use Dongfang Bubai's name to rally supporters and form their own sects, and Dongfang's lover Xue Qianxun rebuilds the Sun Moon Holy Cult with her as its new leader. The imperial court sends a naval admiral called Gu Changfeng to accompany the Portuguese in search of Dongfang Bubai. They arrive at Black Woods Cliff, the site of Dongfang Bubai's death in the earlier film, and Gu Changfeng discovers that Dongfang is still alive and now lives at the cliff's base. Gu Changfeng manages to persuade Dongfang Bubai to return to the jianghu and Dongfang seeks to destroy all the imposters. Dongfang Bubai unleashes his fury and starts a bloodbath in eliminating all the imposters. He discovers that Xue Qianxun is also one of the imposters and seriously injures her in anger. Dongfang Bubai plans to unite the wulin once more but Gu Changfeng attempts to stop him and leads the imperial navy to fight him. Dongfang Bubai emerges victorious and Xue Qianxun sacrifices herself to save him. Dongfang Bubai realises his mistake and embraces his dead lover as he retires from the jianghu once more."] ['An evil Qing general  comes up with a brilliant plan to rid the Qing Empire once and for all of the Shaolin masters. He invites three Northern Shaolin experts to his mansion and has them fight the in a contest against three novice Southern Shaolin men already present at his mansion. By royal decree, Shaolin was required to supply experts to teach the Qing troops martial arts. The Northern Shaolin experts easily and decisively win against the South Shaolin men. After the contest, the general visits the South Shaolin men in their quarters later that night and secretly kills the Southerners. He then has his subordinate go to South Shaolin placing the blame squarely on the Northerners. The Southern master of the dead disciples is deceived into believing that the Northern experts killed his disciples. This would begin an internal conflict between both Shaolin schools. It is only when the South Shaolin experts have their final confrontation with the Northerners that the general reveals himself. The experts from both schools realize they have been deceived and manipulated. Joining forces both North and South experts battle the general and his troops to allow some of their fellows to escape and reveal the Qing plot to destroy Shaolin.'] ['Heroes Two begins with the burning of the Shaolin Temple, and chronicles the efforts of Fong Sai Yuk  and Hung Si Kuan  as they combat the forces of oppression, fighting alongside the Chinese revolutionaries. Manchurian General Che Kang  is a clever Warlord who capitalizes on the naïveté of Fong Sai Yuk. Neither man realizes that they fight for the Shaolin cause, and General Che Kang tricks Fong Sai Yuk into believing that Hung Si Kuan is a renegade bandit. With the help of the General’s henchmen, Fong Sai Yuk defeats a bloodied Hung Si Kuan. Then the tough rebel is put into shackles inside the General’s castle. Word quickly spreads that Fong Sai Yuk beat the unbeatable Shaolin hero, and the local faction of the rebellion attacks the unknowing Fong Sai Yuk for his rash actions. When the rebel leader reveals the true nature of Hung Si Kuan, Fong Sai Yuk is beside himself. The naïve martial artist initially intends to correct his mistake by sneaking into the General’s dungeon and liberating his cohort from the grasp of the Manchurians. However, General Che Kang himself is a powerful Kung Fu practitioner who foils Fong Sai Yuk’s plans. Once Fong Sai Yuk joins his Rebel brothers, they devise a plan to tunnel into the underground prison and rescue Hung Si Kuan. After several tenuous attempts at freeing him, the Shaolin heroes succeed in their task. Now reunited, Fong Sai Yuk, Hung Si Kuan, and their Rebel brothers must endure the assault of General Che Kang and his Manchurian army.'] ["The story follows Shizu-hime , her family slain and on the run from her enemies. As she escapes she is found by the vagabond Shinbei , before being rescued from her pursuers by Dōsetsu . He tells her the legend of a curse on her family, and of eight beads that identify eight dog-warriors who can lift it, of which he and his companion are two. To defeat the evil queen Tamazusa  who killed her family, they must find all eight. But Shinbei hears of Shizu-hime's identity, and vows to collect the reward for capturing her."] ['The Russians are consorting with the traitorous Manchus, who plan to turn over a map of the strategic points the Russians could use to invade Chinese territories. So, with the hope that he can sniff out their pan and the traitors , the government sends out Chow Tien  to investigate and spy on the visiting Russian General, Tolstoy , and his lackeys. Since Tolstoy is a pistol expert, Tien gets his brother Ko , who is a dagger expert, and his tag along kid  to help aide him. Soon the plot reveals a traitorous magistrate and the key figure behind it all , but the method by which the Manchu’s identify themselves to the Russians, a rare snuff bottle, is stolen by Tien and his cohorts. But, Tein and crew are in the midst of enemies and must fight their way out alone in a desperate bid to save China and bring the traitors down.'] ["CID detective Rockman was sent to Thailand to investigate a case involving the Hong Kong and Thai underground syndicate. During his visit he met a sexy table dancer called Elli, they had a brief but hot steamy affair. Unexpectedly Rockman was ordered to return to Hong Kong. Before leaving he promised Elli he would return. But he never did. Heart broken Elli felt she was deceived. Rockman never expect his affair would bring the worst luck for him and family. Three years later in Hong Kong, when Rockman was busily investigating a murder case one stormy night, a senior policeman was murdered by a most wanted fugitive Lam Chiu. On the other hand, Rockman's wife broke down after their son died mysteriously. All the major newspapers headlined the two cases, saying the murder and the baby's death are related. Frustrated Rockman worked closely with Brother Sum well seasoned detective..."] ['Six-String Samurai is set in an alternate history America, in which Soviet Union attacked the U.S. with nuclear weapons in 1957, making most of the country an inhospitable desert. The government has entirely collapsed, except for the Kingdom of Elvis, who rules from "Lost Vegas" to California. The Red Army has been besieging Vegas, but the lack of supplies  from the Soviet Union has caused them to degenerate into just another gang. As the movie begins, Elvis has died and a radio disc jockey Keith Mortimer announces a call for all musicians to come to Lost Vegas to try to become the new King of Rock\'n\'Roll. Buddy, implied to be the rock \'n roll legend Buddy Holly , is one of the musicians converging on Lost Vegas. Early on, he finds himself having to take care of a kid named "Kid" . While Buddy resents having to look after the Kid, the Kid turns out to be a good ally. Buddy runs into a lot of different groups, including a zombie-like, cannibalistic suburban family, \'windmill people\' who are dressed like astronauts and filthy tribals that make up most of the population. He also combats many foes, including a samurai, a bowling team of bounty-hunters, a Russian surf band , and the Russian army. Throughout his journey, Buddy is stalked by his greatest foe: a sinister Slash look-alike who is the personification of the Grim Reaper, and his grungy group of guitarists/archers; Death\'s goal is to eliminate all the King-wannabes and the conquest of Vegas.'] ["A group of terrorists led by Commander Topov  kidnap the Russian prime minister's son and daughter and hold them hostage, demanding the release of their comrades within 72 hours. In addition, they have taken over the crippled Chernobyl Nuclear Power Plant and threaten to detonate it if their demands are not met. It is revealed that among the ranks of the terrorists is a Next-Generation UniSol  , who was smuggled in by rogue scientist Dr. Colin . U.S. forces bring in troops at the plant, but quickly retreat when the four UniSols revived for this mission are systematically eliminated by the NGU. Meanwhile, former UniSol Luc Deveraux , who is suffering being rehabilitated in Switzerland by Dr. Sandra Fleming  to rejoin society, is taken back by the military to participate in the mission. As the deadline nears its expiration, the prime minister announces the release of 110 prisoners. The terrorists rejoice and shut off their bomb. Dr. Colin, however, is not pleased with the outcome, as he feels his side of the business is not done. As the NGU is programmed not to harm the terrorists, Dr. Colin unleashes his second UniSol: a cloned and upgraded version of Andrew Scott  - Deveraux's former nemesis, who quickly kills Commander Topov. Unfortunately, Dr. Colin never considered the mental instability of Scott, and he is immediately killed by his own creation. Scott then reactivates the bomb before heading out to hunt the children. In the midst of the chaos, Capt. Kevin Burke ([[Mike Pyle  is sent in to infiltrate the plant and rescue the prime minister's children. He is successful in locating them and decides to lead them out of the building. On their way out, they encounter the NGU. The children flee for safety as Burke tries in vain to hold off the NGU, who stabs him to death after a short but brutal struggle. With 30 minutes remaining, Deveraux is geared up and sent to the plant, where he kills every terrorist in sight. He searches the buildings further and sees the children cornered by Scott. Before Scott gets a chance to kill the children, Deveraux attacks him, and a grueling fight ensues. In the end, Deveraux impales Scott on the forehead with a lead pipe and fires a shotgun through it, blowing his brains out. As Deveraux escorts the children to safety, they are attacked by the NGU. Deveraux and the NGU take the fight to the site of the bomb, with less than two minutes remaining. During the melee, Deveraux removes the detonator and jams it in the back of the NGU's uniform as they both jump out the reactor chamber. NGU pulls the detonator off his back, but it is too late, as it explodes, taking him with it. U.S. soldiers quickly arrive on the scene and tend to the children as Deveraux runs away. Meanwhile, Burke's body is placed in a black bag and taken away, as well as pieces of the NGU being collected. Back in Langley, Virginia, Burke's body is stored in a cryogenic chamber as a new UniSol, along with multiple clones made of him."] ["Hot Potato begins in Chang Lan, a fictional country somewhere in east Asia. The villain Carter Rangoon  orchestrated the kidnapping of a U.S. senator's daughter a Ms. June Dunbar ([[Judith Brown . Rangoon's demands were to see aid to Chang Lan or Ms. Dunbar would be executed. The U.S. was in a difficult situation. They were not welcome in that area of the world and had little influence in the region. They sent in whom the general  described as their best man, Black Belt Jones . Jones assembled a small force of mercenaries to assist in the task at hand. Johnny Chicago , whose primary motivation in life was money, was the first the mercenaries introduced in the film. The duo of Jones and Chicago were joined by Pamala , a Chang Lan operative who was to act as the group's interpreter and guide. She quickly proved her usefulness as a skilled fighter as she took on several goons refusing assistance from Jones and Chicago. Finally the group joins up with Rhino  at a brothel. Rhino is a grotesque Italian from Texas with a passion for women and food. Rangoon's scheme was more diabolical than kidnapping and extortion. He also arranged for a prostitute named Leslie  to pose as the senator's daughter for the rescue party to free her. Leslie was concerned for her safety if she were discovered. So, to insure her safety she stole some letters from Rangoon's office. If the material in the letters were to get out it could spell the end of Rangoon. Jones and his team invade Rangoon's jungle fortress, symbolic of Hannabal Barba on the backs of elephants. After the rescue Rangoon discovers his letters are missing and dispatches his minions to follow them through the jungle. As the group make their way through the jungle they engage several groups of henchmen, all of whom fail. The plot begins to thicken as well. Romantic involvement begins to form as Chicago falls in love with Leslie. The group is also joined by a native woman and her son whom Rhino won in a wrestling match. Jones becomes suspicious of the impostor and at the opportune moment went looking in the purse she seemed to cherish more than life itself. He found the letters. The group attacked and Leslie was taken. Jones proposed a trade: the letters for the girl. Things did not go as planned and Leslie was killed. Jones then plans a covert attack on Rangoon's primary estate ending in a one-on-one fight scene between Rangoon and Jones as the senator's daughter hung over a pit of tigers."] ['Triad boss Lin Ho-Lung is celebrating his son\'s first birthday, the child having been conceived from his mistress. The party, however, is interrupted when Police Inspector Liu Chi-Chung arrives outside of the club with his colleagues, warning the gang of throwing any parties without the police\'s consent. Police officers raid a drug shipment involving Tung, Lung’s right-hand man and assassin, Lok Tin-Hung, and Wu, a drug dealer. A gunfight ensues between both the police and triads, resulting in Wu’s arrest. As Wu remains uncooperative with the police, his wife Tracy  talks with Soso, threatening to have Wu expose Lung\'s gang, if she does not receive $20 million. Tung and Tin-Hung torture Tracy, who reveals that the threat was bogus and that her secret lover coerced her into creating a lie so she could flee with him once she had gotten the money. The gang executes Tracy’s lover, and breaks into police headquarters to assassinate Wu. Various police officers and Triad gang members are killed as the Triads try to escape the precinct. Soso and Fat are revealed to be blackmailing Lung and his gang. They orchestrate a kidnapping of Lung\'s financial backer, Uncle Yu . After receiving $200 million from Lung, Soso and Fat kill the hired kidnappers and Uncle Yu to cover their tracks. Lung and Tung eventually start a war against a rival Triad gang whom they suspect was responsible for the murder. Lung later has a meeting with his rival, Flirt , a gang leader who reveals he had nothing to do with Yu’s death. Tung learns about Soso and Fat\'s role in Yu\'s killing. Lung goes after the couple, resulting in a shootout. After Fat is eliminated, Lung catches up to Soso whom he refuses to kill, after she expresses her bitterness about her inability to conceive and Lung\'s decision to have a child from a mistress. She is later arrested by the police. Lung and Tin-Hung are trapped in a warehouse and surrounded by the police outside. Knowing that they will be unable to escape, Tin-Hung mentions that he was never convinced by the stories that claim Lung was an "invincible fighter." Lung accepts Tin-Hung\'s challenge. The fight ends with Lung impaling Tin-Hung with a pipe. While dying, Tin-Hung expresses that he forgives Lung, and hopes that he will soon join him after he dies. Refusing to surrender to the police, Lung walks out of the warehouse, armed with machine guns. He intimidates the police by firing the weapons, and is shot to death. As Soso is serving prison time, assassins disguised as painters slit her throat. Tung attempts to flee with Lung\'s mistress and their baby son. They arrive at a beach, presumably to escape via boat. Tung asks her to wait while he looks for the boat. Several shadowy figures approach the mistress. The ending is left ambiguous as the last shot of the film is a silencer aiming at Tung. It is uncertain as to who orders the assassinations.'] ["After being stabbed with an ancient Tibetan amulet, a Bangkok firefighter named Chan is transformed into a superhero when his body becomes a massive heat source, which he learns to manipulate to give him super strength, increased agility and the ability to make great leaps. Chan's fate is entwined with an Afghan terrorist, Osama bin Ali, who wants the power of the Tibetan amulet to use in a plot to destroy the United States. With his international terrorist organization, led by henchwoman Areena, Osama kidnaps Chan's mother and transsexual sister  and takes them to the Royal Thai Navy base, where he hopes to launch a rocket at a US Navy chemical weapon ship. Osama also has suicide bombers spread out throughout Thailand, stationed in American franchises in Thailand, ready to act on his word. Aided by the young female guardian of the amulet, Chan rescues his mother and sister. However, he must face Areena, who has stabbed herself with a companion amulet, giving her the powers of extreme cold and ice."] ['Orin Boyd  is a cop who works in Detroit\'s 21st precinct, and his attitude and rough means of enforcing the law always end up annoying the precinct captain, Frank Daniels . When a Michigan militant group try to kill the Vice President of the United States , Orin kills the militants. Even though Orin saved the Vice President\'s life, Frank does not like the way Orin did it, so Frank transfers Orin to the 15th precinct — Detroit\'s worst precinct. Orin\'s new captain, former internal affairs officer Annette Mulcahy , knows of his reputation, and she tells him that she will not tolerate it. Annette sends Orin to an anger management class where he meets Henry Wayne ([[Tom Arnold , the high-strung host of a local talk show called Detroit AM. Despite this measure, Orin does not change his ways of doing his job. It is not long before he comes across local drug dealer Latrell Walker (Earl "[[DMX  and his fast-talking sidekick T.K. Johnson  doing a shady deal with a man named Matt Montini . After a brief fight, Orin discovers that Montini has been working undercover trying to nail Walker and Orin messed it up, and that does not sit well with Montini\'s musclebound partner Useldinger . Not all of the cops of the 15th precinct give Orin a hard time. Sergeant Lewis Strutt  steps in to cool things down when Orin gets in a fight with Useldinger, and George Clark  is assigned to be Orin\'s partner. After Orin stumbles upon the theft of $5,000,000 worth of heroin from Piper Tech, a place where evidence is stored, Orin and George begin focusing their efforts on Latrell and T.K., and also Shaun Rollins , whom Latrell has been visiting at the local jail. Orin asks Henry to do some digging on Latrell\'s background. What Henry discovers is that Latrell is not a drug dealer. Latrell is a computer expert and billionaire whose real name is Leon Rollins — he is Shaun Rollins\' brother. Orin confronts Leon, who explains that a group of corrupt cops were in danger of losing one of their drug dealers, so the corrupt cops planted heroin on Shaun, setting Shaun up to take the rap so they would not lose their dealer. Leon shows a videotape that shows that Strutt is the leader of the group of corrupt cops, who also include Montini and Useldinger, and it was Strutt and his gang who stole the heroin from Piper Tech. Leon and his friend Trish  have been videotaping some of the activities of Strutt\'s gang, hoping that it might help prove Shaun\'s innocence and get him out of jail. Orin meets with Annette at a parking lot and he gets in Annette\'s truck and tells Annette what is going on. However, Montini, Useldinger, and some other men show up and try to kill Orin and Annette. Annette screeches out of the parking lot with Orin still in her truck. Orin and Annette are chased, and Annette is killed when her truck slams into the back of a bigger vehicle, sending her into her truck\'s windshield. Orin calls Frank and tells him that Strutt will be having a meeting at a warehouse in about an hour, to sell the heroin that was stolen from Piper Tech. Strutt plans to try to sell it to Leon and T. K., not knowing that Leon is working against him. Frank promises that he will be there with some backup. Orin goes to George\'s house and tells George what is going on. George agrees to help Orin. At midnight in the warehouse, Strutt is trying to sell the heroin to Leon when he realizes who Leon is and why Leon is working against him. Orin and Frank show up, and Strutt tells Frank to keep Orin under control. Frank aims a gun at Orin. Orin realizes that it is Frank who is behind everything. Frank complains that his $40,000-a-year salary is not enough money for putting his life on the line every day. That is why Frank has been heading the drug running operation, as a way to make a lot of money. Just as Frank is about to shoot Orin, George blows open the door and barges in with backup, including police chief Hinges . Gunfire erupts, and T. K. gets shot in the leg. Useldinger shoots Orin when he sneaks behind him, and as he is about to shoot him again, George shoots Useldinger dead. Orin is fine because he was wearing a bulletproof vest. Chief Hinges kills Frank by shooting him 4 times with a shotgun, the last bullet hitting his neck; Hinges yells out "You\'re fired". Orin gets into a fight against Strutt, and Leon gets into a fight against Montini. After a swordfight, Strutt grabs a case full of money and runs up to the roof, where a helicopter is waiting for him, and there is a rope ladder hanging from the helicopter. Strutt starts climbing up the ladder, and Orin grabs the ladder too. Montini gets the upper hand in his fight with Leon after he damages Leon\'s vision with cement powder. However, Leon manages to stab Montini in the leg with a piece of broken glass. As the helicopter ladder is dragging Orin across the roof while Strutt is hanging on to the ladder, Orin snags the ladder on one of the metal pipes that\'s sticking up out of the roof. This makes the ladder snap off of the helicopter with Strutt still on the ladder. Strutt and the ladder fall to the roof, and Strutt is killed when he lands on a metal pipe that impales from his back and causes the exit wound to come through his chest. Leon beats Montini up, and when Montini tries to push Leon toward a metal spike that\'s sticking out of the wall, Leon grabs Montini, and forces Montini to the wall. Montini dies when the spike goes through his throat and causes an exit wound through the back of his neck. At dawn, Leon gives Hinges a videotape that has a lot of the corruption on it, hoping that the tape will help prove Shaun\'s innocence. Hinges thinks the courts will not care about the tape, so Hinges had Shaun released from county about an hour before. Orin decides to stay with the 15th precinct with George as his partner, and T. K. becomes Henry\'s co-host.'] ["The pace and tone of the film is immediately made clear with an opening fight in the woods as Wah-jee  and his uncle  attempt to flee from ruthless fighters led by Mien Tsu-mun . The pair make it to a Buddhist temple, but the uncle dies after Tsu-mun and his thugs break in. A fighter turned monk named Huang  manages to kill most of them. Once recovered from his wounds, Wah-jee is put to work at the temple, making soy milk runs into town and cleaning out the smoke-filled oven. He spends time with two junior monks and trades friendly kung fu blows with Tsui-jee , the attractive soy milk seller. Tsu-mun returns to the area with two martial brothers . Fed up with the torturous regimen of chores at the temple, Wah-jee leaves but overhears Tsu-mun's plans to kill Huang and decides to warn his mentor. A fight ensues that Wah-jee survives only after he is forcibly pulled away by Tsui-jee's father . At this point, Wah-jee learns that his own father died at the hands of a silver-haired fighter  who belongs to the same group as Tsu-mun. Three martial brothers initially escaped Jang-lee's attack, but now only Tsui-jee's father remains. Wah-jee, Tsui-jee and her father go into hiding where Wah-jee begins to master the 36 Deadly Styles just in time to face Jang-lee. There is also a smaller parallel plot interwoven with the previous one involving a brother of Jang-lee  who heads off to a Tibetan temple to seek out a kung fu master named Kaung Wu Chun  in order to get the manual of 36 Deadly Styles."] ["The swordsman Ogami Ittō is confronted by a secretive branch of the Yagyū clan that practices black magic, including the ability to burrow through the earth. He encounters Kaori, a female expert with knives. And there's Hyouei, an illegitimate son of Yagyū Retsudo who kills anyone Ittō and Daigoro come into contact with. It culminates in a final battle between Ittō and the combined clan groups under Retsudo on a snow-capped mountain in northern Japan, in which the baby cart becomes a sled. Ittō defeats the entire army, shooting, stabbing, slashing, dismembering, and beheading the entire army. But the one-eyed Retsudo again gets away, vowing to kill Ittō another time."] ['Back in 1983 Mason Storm  is a Los Angeles police detective who is investigating a mob meeting taking place by a pier. He spies on them with a video camera and captures on tape a shadowy figure telling the other people that they can rely on his political support, emphasizing this by saying "And you can take that to the bank!" Storm is spotted but manages to get away. Driving home and unaware of another pair of cops listening in, Mason informs first his partner then his friend Lt. O\'Malley  that he has evidence of corruption, and will be bringing the tape to them soon. He goes into a store to get Champagne and a teddy bear to give to his son. The store is robbed, with one of the robbers shooting the clerk. Mason manages to stop them and afterwards goes home, intent on celebrating with his wife Felicia . Before he does anything else, Mason hides the tape in a small hole in his kitchen wall. When he goes upstairs, a hit squad composed of corrupt policemen, including Jack Axel  and Max Quentero , working for the politician, break in and proceed to murder Mason\'s wife and shoot him. Mason\'s young son Sonny,  manages to hide until the danger passes. At the same time, Storm\'s partner is shot by a masked assassin whilst seated beside his window. At the hospital, Mason is found to be alive, but in a coma. Lieutenant O\'Malley informs the medics to tell people that Mason died, to prevent anyone from coming back for him later. Mason is set up by the corrupt policemen as having murdered his wife and committed suicide.  Seven years later, Mason wakes from his coma. Andy , one of the two nurses monitoring him, makes a phone call, which is intercepted by one of the corrupt police officers who want to see Mason dead. They send Jack Axel to the hospital to finish the job and kill the nurses to whom Mason might have talked. Mason realizes that he is still in danger but his muscles have atrophied to where he can barely use his arms. He manages to get himself to an elevator, and when Andy sees her colleagues killed, she helps Mason escape from the hospital. Needing time to recuperate, Andy brings Mason to a friend\'s house, where Mason uses his knowledge of acupuncture, moxibustion and other meditation techniques to recover his strength. While training, Mason hears a commercial for Senator Vernon Trent ([[William Sadler  on television, who caps the commercial with the phrase, "And you can take that to the bank!" Recognizing the voice, Mason now knows who he has to go after to get his revenge and even mocks Trent\'s phrase by saying "I\'m gonna take you to the bank, Senator Trent. To the blood bank!". Mason contacts O\'Malley, who comes over with some weapons for Mason. O\'Malley tells Mason that his son is still alive - O\'Malley took Mason\'s son in and raised him, sending him to a private school so that he would be out of danger. O\'Malley then leaves. However, Senator Trent\'s men find the house where Mason and Andy are and attempt to kill them, but Mason manages to get them both out again. Mason then goes back to his old house. Posing as realtors looking to see if the house is one that can be put on the market, Mason breaks through the plaster in the kitchen to get the tape he hid. Mason then goes to meet O\'Malley in a train station, where O\'Malley brings Mason\'s now teenage son. They do not see each other, because as Mason arrives, O\'Malley is already dead having been shot  after giving the tape to Andy for safe-keeping while providing a distraction for Sonny  to get away. When Mason arrives, he sees his son running away from two of the corrupt officers . Mason catches up with the men, kills Max and saves his son and decides to go after Senator Trent at his home. At the Senator\'s mansion, Mason sneaks in and manages to take the Senator\'s men down one by one. Mason fights with Axel in the billiard room, ending with him jamming a pool stick into his neck. Mason finally manages to confront Senator Trent and holds him at gunpoint when the police storm the mansion. However, rather than arresting Mason, the police arrest Senator Trent and take him away. Mason is then reunited with Andy and his son and walk off as the image from the videotape is played, showing Trent coming out of the shadows briefly, wondering who it is that is taping him.'] ['Kang So-hwi, a beautiful martial arts prodigy, is about to embark on a journey into adulthood. But her journey is like no other. Her super-human strength and martial arts prowess scares away her fellow undergrads and even the boy she has fallen for. Devastated, So-hwi decides to give up martial arts and takes a different path. Her father, a martial artist himself, is afraid of losing an heiress to the family’s martial artistry, and missions So-hwi’s old buddy Ilyoung to persuade her to stay in the field. Ilyoung who loves her from their childhood follows her wherever she goes and try to persuade her to go on training of martial arts. But, Kang So-hwi who wants to lead a life of normal woman with actual feelings of getting married and having children, ignores him. Meanwhile, the guy with whom she had great crush gets into middle of some street fight. But Kang So-hwi and Ilyoung save him and others from the mob using their super powers. After the fight, Ilyoung and Kang So-hwi go out for drink. There, So-hwi tells him the dream she is getting frequently. On hearing that, Ilyoung goes on thinking that the dream is not actually a dream. Those incidents were happened in their life previously. Kang So-hwi and Ilyoung were training in the martial arts school. Both of them excel in all kinds of techniques. They grew as unbeatable by anyone.Ilyoung grew more powerful that he can be beaten only by Kang So-hwi.On that time the villain Heuk-bong gets hold of the glorious sword named, Green destiny which can do the moon stroke. Both Kang So-hwi and ilyoung went to Heuk-bong to get that sword but finally the villain hits Kang So-hwi with a poisonous stroke. Ilyoung admits her in the hospital. There she gets recovered but all of her childhood memories were lost. Then, in present life, the boy starts to go out with So-hwi .But the relationship doesn’t work well. Meanwhile,So-hwi’s father and his friends ask for a fight with the villain Heuk-bong.And finally in the day of fight, So-hwi’s father gets shocked on seeing Heuk-bong.It was Ilyoung.Without any further fight Ilyoung injures him with the mighty sword called Green destiny with a stroke called moon-stroke. Later on he himself admits So-hwi’s father in a nearby hospital and informs So-hwi. So-hwi who meets her father in the hospital get informed by her father’s friends about her mother’s story .On hearing that and also to revenge for her father’s condition, So-hwi decides to have training on her mother’s sword to create a lightning stroke. On her attempt, she wins. On the same time, Ilyoung is thinking about So-hwi and goes to the past that how she got recovered from poisonous stroke. On knowing that Heuk-bong can only cure So-hwi,he goes to him and asks for the anti-dote for the poison. But Heuk-bong says that he must become his disciple and hypnotizes Ilyoung. Ilyoung accepts and get the antidote and cures So-hwi. When he return to Heuk-bong,he starts to possess him with his ill powers. Ilyoung was to take the place of Heuk-bong, and whenever Heuk-bong was summoned, Ilyoung would go in his place. Heuk-bong died without setting Ilyoung free,that’s why he injured So-hwi’s father. Now, So-hwi after successfully completed her training on lightning stroke, goes to fight with Heuk-bong.There she also gets shocked on seeing Ilyoung in place of Heuk-bong.But,through telepathy, Ilyoung conveys all the things happened to him. On seeing Ilyoung, So-hwi just defends herself but won’t fight back. Ilyoung asks her to fight back as he wants to get out of that hypnotism. And also he said, she only can beat him. Both fought each other vigorously. At the end when ilyoung intends to use moon stroke with the green destiny sword, So-hwi uses lightning stroke which weakens ilyoung. But seeing Ilyoung suffer, So-hwi refuses to attack him further.But, ilyoung pleading her to attack him, attacks her .She fell down. Ilyoung gets hold of her neck and tries to kill her.But,So-hwi asks him to concentrate. This confuses Ilyoung and in pain, he sheds tears. That tears on falling upon the sword burst and that sound relieves ilyoung from the hypnotism. Then both hug each other and then everything went well.'] ['The Tigers tells the stories of a team of five Hong Kong detectives. While busting a drug deal the brother-in-law of one of the detectives is found to be implicated and gives them a large amount of cash in exchange for their silence. But with the money comes hassle, as the organised crime syndicate want more and more in exchange for their money, leading to an action packed tale of police corruption.'] ['Lyon Gaultier is a paratrooper in the French Foreign Legion, stationed in Djibouti, North Africa. His brother, who is married to an American woman in Los Angeles, is burned alive during a deal gone wrong and suffers third-degree burns, dying shortly afterward. Lyon deserts his legion when they withhold letters from his brother\'s wife and ultimately refuse to let him see his brother. He steals a jeep and escapes through the desert, finding work on a tramp steamer headed for the U.S.. Meanwhile, the Legion commanding officer arrives at the U.S. French Embassy, where he is told that the LAPD could not care less about finding Lyon, so he orders two of his own Legionnaires to do the job. Lyon arrives in New York and travels to California to be with his brother\'s family. Along the way, he meets Joshua, a man who runs fights for money, and also learns that he cannot avenge his brother\'s murder, as he failed to identify his killers before dying. Tagging along with Joshua, Lyon meets Cynthia, who organizes underground fights for the rich elite and decides to sponsor him. Figuring that this would be the best way to earn the money his family needs, Lyon fights in no holds barred bare-knuckle fights to finance the trip. Once they reach L.A., he tracks down his brother\'s widow, who is reluctant to accept financial aid, even though she obviously needs it, because she is angry with Lyon for "deserting" his brother years ago. Lyon continues fighting, and Joshua poses as an insurance man who delivers checks to her from an account her husband allegedly had left behind. Due to his misspelling of Lyon\'s name, Joshua introduces Lyon in the fighting circuit as the titular "Lionheart". Meanwhile, the two Legionnaires catch up with Lyon in Los Angeles. Lyon fights them off, but suffers a broken rib. Cynthia decides to take advantage of Lyon\'s string of victories by stacking the odds in favor of a massive, brutal fighter named "Attilla the Hun", who has so far been unbeatable. After betting a large amount on "Attilla", she arranges to have Lyon handed over to the Legion soldiers after he has been defeated thoroughly. Lyon\'s fight with Atilla is hampered by his broken rib. Attilla\'s trademark  is to let his opponent tire themselves out before viciously breaking them, often killing them in the process. When it appears "Attilla" has won, Joshua begs Lyon to give up, revealing that they were both used by Cynthia. Joshua, for the best of reasons , placed all of his own money on Attilla as a form of "insurance," as all the odds are against Lyon winning. Lyon, angered by this news, bounces back and summons up all his remaining strength to defeat Atilla but spares his life. The Legionnaires escort him back to the apartment, where they give him some time to say his goodbyes before being deported back to Africa, where he will be court martialed for desertion. After an emotional farewell, Lyon and the Legion members speed off, but just down the road, moved by the family\'s heartbreak, the Legionnaries decide to let Lyon go out of respect for his determination, will power, and personal integrity, both during the fight and in helping out his sister-in-law. Ultimately, Lyon is able to go home and be a family man.'] ["A gang of robbers  have infiltrated a local residence in an attempt to steal a map. Upon its successful retrieval, when the bandits are about to make their getaway, the lights suddenly flick on, and they are accosted by the owner of the house . The owners of the house are quickly disposed of, and The Eight Dragons make off into the night with their map. Because of the robbery not being executed as smoothly as planned, The Eight Dragons become paranoid about actually seeking the treasure divulged in the map, and decide to hold off until the heat blows over. So they divide the map into eight pieces, and promise to meet again in three years and collect their fortune. It isn't too long after the temporary break-up that one of the Dragons  is arrested in an unrelated robbery (which, basically, was a desperate attempt to cover his extensive tab at the local brothel.. In jail, he meets Fong Yee , and together they devise an ingenious plan to escape. Actually, one of the other prisoners pickpockets a guard, gets the key to the cells, and lets them go. Approximately ten minutes after their escape, Husky discovers that Fong Yee is actually an undercover cop out to infiltrate The Eight Dragons and recover the map. After killing Husky Dragon, Fong Yee recovers the first piece of the stolen document. One by one, Fong Yee confronts each member of The Eight Dragons, and for the most part, kills them but gets captured by one of them, however he eventually escapes without the map pieces. Fong returns the next day, disposes of his captors, and recovers their respective pieces of the map. Unfortunately, however, he is stabbed in the process. With the knife still embedded in his back, Fong Yee wanders into the woods and passes out. He wakes up in the house of the girl he previously saved. The recovery process proves slow; Fong not only needs to mend his body, but also regain his kung-fu prowess as well. But unbeknownst to the young couple, her father , ironically, turns out to be one of the few remaining Eight Dragons, and a final showdown between him and Fong is inevitable. The #2 of the Eight Dragons arrives  as the reunion is close. The father chooses to repent and give up the map so that he can live in peace and not reveal his past to his daughter. Lo Lieh kills him and steals the map. Fong Yee and the daughter hunt down Lo Lieh to get the map as well as revenge."] ['Each year, Samuel , Jeffrey  and Michael Douglas  visit the cabin of their Japanese grandfather Mori Shintaro  for the summer. Mori is highly skilled in the art of Ninjutsu, and for years has trained the boys. This year, Mori presents the boys with new "ninja names": Samuel becomes "Rocky", Jeffrey becomes "Colt", and Michael becomes "Tum Tum". Meanwhile, the boys’ father, Sam Douglas , leads the FBI on a sting operation against Hugo Snyder , to buy warheads. Snyder escapes because ninjas were in the rafters. When he returns to his hideout, he explains his relationship with Sam to his assistant Mr. Brown  and bodyguard Rushmore . He has known Douglas for years, since his former master Mori Tanaka trained him. On their last day at the cabin, Snyder arrives to test his old master by sending ninjas after him. Defying their grandfather\'s orders to stay in the house, the boys fight a few of the ninjas. After they are victorious, Snyder threatens Mori and his family’s lives if he does not get Douglas off his back; he also threatens to rip out his heart if he does not. When the boys return home, their father is talking to his partner Jerry. Douglas hates martial arts, despite having married Mori\'s daughter Jessica  so he is not enthusiastic when the boys try to show him what they learned, and more irritated when they explain their Ninja names. Snyder arranges to kidnap the boys and tells Brown to hire his surfer nephew Fester  and his friends Hammer  and Marcus . The next morning as the boys ride their bicycles to school, Fester and his crew fail to grab them. Emily becomes separated from the boys and has her bike stolen by bullies. She becomes mad at Rocky for showing off and walks the rest of the way to school. At recess, Colt and Rocky challenge the bullies to a game of basketball. Giving the bullies a 9 point lead they effortlessly win Emily\'s bike back. Meanwhile, frustrated Snyder tells Fester and his buddies to get the children before midnight, prompting Brown to aid as backup if needed. The boys are at home with a babysitter when Fester, Marcus and Hammer show up. The kidnappers subdue the babysitter and lock her in a closet. The boys decide if they can take care of Fester and his gang themselves, then their ninja training would be worthwhile. Using booby traps, they weaken the intruders but the criminals take Emily , while the boys trick their guard and escape. After several confrontations through the ship they come across Rushmore, whom they defeat with Mori’s help. Mori reunites with the boys, as Snyder confronts Mori. Mori is manhandled throughout the fight since Snyder is much younger. When it seems that Snyder is about to win, Mori remembers the jelly beans that Tum Tum had given him for good luck and uses them to gag Snyder. Mori gains the upper-hand and phases Snyder, more or less winning the fight. In frustration, Snyder grabs a gun from one of his subordinates and takes aim at Mori. At that moment, Sam shoots Snyder in the arm from the top of the ship . As the group is receiving medical aid, the FBI takes Snyder and his men to jail. Sam apologizes to Mori, and tells Jerry to fill out the reports himself because he had a whole family of heroes he needed to take out for pizza.  The international cut of the film features a number of small parts of scenes that were cut from the movie for its American release, most likely to ensure a PG rating. Amongst the cut scenes are [not all-inclusive]: Extra footage of Snyder\'s escape in which he confronts two FBI agents who he promptly defeats, A scene in which the robbers fire a gun in the convenience store and tie up the clerk behind the counter, a scene in which the robbers get the Douglas family address from Brown, additional footage of Grandpa trailing Snyder to his ship hideout, numerous small portions of the scene where the robbers invade the Douglas household, including Colt beating the robbers after getting them under a tarp in the room being renovated and a scene of one of the robbers asking his uncle  if he can be paid, extra sarcastic dialogue while the boys are locked up in Snyder\'s ship, an extended scene in which the boys are reunited with Grandpa, footage of Brown KOing himself on a pipe and subsequently complaining about his pain when being taken away by the Feds. Additionally, in the international version the boys LOSE the basketball challenge and their bikes, so a scene ends the international version of the film in which they fight the bullies to get them back.'] ["Early in the morning, Rama, an expectant father and rookie officer, and a 20-man SWAT team led by Sergeant Jaka and Lieutenant Wahyu, arrive at an apartment block in Jakarta's slums undetected. It is run by Tama Riyada, a crime lord, who is the target of the task force. While detaining various tenants of the apartment, the team eventually detains a man who is delivering medicine to his sick wife. However, before the team enters the apartment, he escapes. The team infiltrates the apartment block floor by floor until they reach the sixth floor. However, the team is seen by a young lookout, who raises the alarm before he is shot and killed. Tama calls in reinforcements, who systematically take out a majority of the SWAT members and regain control of most of the apartment. Tama turns off the power to the whole building and announces that the SWAT team is trapped on the sixth floor and he will grant free permanent residence to those who kill the intruders. The team is soon ambushed by shooters from above, as well as others who flank them from behind. During the battle, Jaka learns from Wahyu that the mission isn't sanctioned by the force, meaning they can't call for backup. The team runs to another room, where Bowo is shot and injured. The team narrowly escape after Rama improvises an explosion that kills the pursuing tenants. The team splits into two groups; Jaka, Wahyu, and Dagu go to the fifth floor, while Rama and Bowo retreat to seventh. Rama and Bowo make their way to the apartment of the man with the sick wife, who reluctantly agrees to hide them. They hide in a secret passage behind a wall. A gang arrives and inspects the man's apartment, but they find no one, and leave. After removing the bullet stuck in Bowo, Rama leaves him in the care of the man's family as he goes out and fights again. Rama is eventually captured by Andi, Tama's right hand man. At the same time, Jaka and his group are found by Mad Dog, Tama's ruthless henchman. Wahyu makes his escape, and Dagu is ordered to follow him. Jaka, with only a knife, is confronted by Mad Dog, who holds him at gunpoint. Mad Dog leads Jaka to his apartment, where he challenges Jaka to a fight and kills him. Meanwhile at Andi's apartment, Andi reveals himself to be Rama's estranged brother. Andi lets Rama know when it will be safe as he meets up with Mad Dog, who drags Jaka's body to Tama. Tama learns of Andi's betrayal from the closed-circuit camera footage of Rama, who goes to Andi's apartment; Tama stabs Andi in the hand before turning him over to Mad Dog. Rama regroups with Wahyu and Dagu, who go on to fight in a narcotics lab, and then to the 15th floor where Tama is located. On the way up, Rama finds a room where Andi is being beaten by Mad Dog. As he enters, Mad Dog frees Andi. Rama and Andi team up against Mad Dog, and after sustaining more brutal beatings, eventually kill him. Meanwhile, Wahyu and Dagu confront Tama, but Wahyu shoots and kills Dagu. Wahyu is convinced that holding Tama hostage will allow him to escape. Rama and Andi run into Wahyu and Tama, but are fired at by Wahyu. While Wahyu keeps the two at bay, Tama gloats that his actions are futile because of the corruption on the police force. After realizing the depth of corruption, and his eventual arrest, Wahyu shoots Tama in the head; he attempts to shoot himself, but runs out of bullets. Andi gives Rama a list of corrupt officers. Rama asks Andi to come along, but he refuses, due to his acclimation to his lifestyle. Andi returns to the apartment, while Rama leaves with Bowo and a detained Wahyu."] ["Sung Tse-Ho  works for the Triad, whose principal operation is printing and distributing counterfeit US bank notes. Ho is a respected member of the organization and is entrusted the most important transactions. Mark Lee , another high-ranking member of the group, is his best friend and partner in crime. Ho has a younger brother, Kit , who aspires to become a police officer. Ho keeps his criminal life secret from his brother and encourages Kit's career choice. However, Ho's father is aware of Ho's criminal activities and appeals to him to go straight, lest he end up in conflict with his younger brother one day. Ho is sent to Taiwan by the boss to complete a deal. Shing , a new member, is sent along as an apprentice. The deal turns out to be a trap by the Taiwanese gang. A shootout ensues in which Ho and Shing flee, pursued by local law enforcement. Ho eventually surrenders to the police in order to buy time for Shing to escape. After reading about Ho's capture in the newspaper, Mark finds and kills the Taiwanese gang leader and his bodyguards. However, Mark's leg is shot in the gunfight, leaving him crippled. While Ho is in prison, Kit and his father are attacked by an assassin; in the struggle, Kit's father is killed. Just before dying, he pleads with Kit to forgive his brother. Ho is released from prison three years later. Remorseful and determined to start a new life, he finds work as a driver for a taxi company, run by another ex-con. Ho spots Mark during one of his shifts; in contrast to Mark's letters, he realizes in horror that Mark has been reduced to an errand boy and janitor for Shing . During an emotional reunion, Mark asks Ho to return to his underworld lifestyle to take revenge on Shing and reclaim their positions in the organization, but Ho refuses. Ho seeks Kit out and attempts to reconcile with his brother , but is rebuffed by Kit, who sees Ho as nothing but an criminal who is responsible for their father's death. Additionally, Kit is resentful that his familial tie to Ho is preventing him from advancement in the department. In an effort to prove himself to his superiors and further distance himself from the stigma of his brother's criminal past, Kit becomes obsessed with bringing down Shing's criminal group, despite Ho's warnings to stay away from the dangerous case. Shing finds Ho and presses him to come back to his organization, offering to reinstate Mark if he returns. Ho flatly refuses. Consequently, Shing begins harassing and threatening Ho in order to get him to return, including attacking his co-workers at the taxi company, and having Mark beaten severely. Ho is dismayed but is still hesitant to take action. Meanwhile, Kit learns of a major deal being conducted by Shing and plans to take independent action against the criminals. Ultimately, Shing's escalating violence against his friends, a desire to protect his brother, and an impassioned speech by Mark finally convince Ho to join Mark in taking revenge on Shing. Ho and Mark steal incriminating evidence from the counterfeiting business and use it to ransom Shing in exchange for money and an escape boat. However, Ho has given the evidence to Kit's girlfriend to hand to the police. Using Shing as a hostage, Ho and Mark take the money to a pier, intending to escape in the boat. It is revealed that it was Shing who betrayed Ho three years ago in Taiwan. Meanwhile, acting on his earlier information, Kit arrives on the scene intending to make an arrest but is captured by Shing's men. Even though he is free to escape, Ho decides to return to save Kit and asks Mark to leave on his own. Ho returns and offers to exchange Shing for Kit, but the trade explodes into a wild shootout. Ho and Kit are wounded and pinned down, but saved by Mark, who turned the boat around out of loyalty to Ho. After killing many of Shing's men, Mark berates Kit, telling him that Ho's actions had atoned for whatever wrongdoings he had done in the past. Mark is in turn killed by Shing. As the police approach, Shing mocks Ho , stating that his money and power will ensure his swift release. Kit, finally seeing eye to eye with his brother, hands Ho a loaded revolver, with which Ho kills Shing. Immediately afterwards, Ho handcuffs himself to Kit, expressing his desire for redemption and his admiration that Kit always walked the right path. Kit smiles tearfully. Now reconciled, the brothers walk together towards the gathered crowd of police."] ["Stel, a humanoid alien , teams up with a British soldier John Marrettie . They are searching for a top secret file which contains information about advanced energy production, captured alien spacecraft and the extraterrestrial pilots. The missing include Stel’s father, Arakawa, was shot down and imprisoned by Core – a paramilitary group. The Displaced file is being held by a renegade 'special forces’ leader, Wilson  who plans to sell the information on the black market to the highest bidder. Marrettie is forced to help Stel in the search to locate the file."] ["The Yang family, men and women, had served their country  loyally for generations. During the war with Western Xia, General Yang Tsung-pao is ambushed and killed. His death leaves his only son, Yang Wen as the only male heir left to the Yang family. His widow, Mu Kuei-ying, the grand matriarch and the entire family set out to avenge his death and defend the country. Due to the interference of a corrupt official, Wang Ching, the Yangs were unable to have the emperor's consent to use the imperial army. Thus, they set off with whatever volunteer troops they could muster. Knowing of Mu Kuei-ying's reputation as a warrior and tactician, the king of West Hsia and his sons try various ways to stop her to no avail. They are outsmarted at the end as Mu Kuei-ying, the Yang family and Sung soldiers successfully storm their stronghold."] ["Prince Tsoi  is the cruel lord of the Ching regime. He has earned his high rank by using his Lohan Fist techniques to destroy the Ming rebels, who, in turn have targeted Prince Tsoi for assassination. Enter Shao Hai , a naive kung fu scholar who earns a living by acting as a janitor for the local Shaolin Temple. The monks here apparently don't take their positions too seriously, as they spend their days bullying Shao Hai instead of praying or practicing the martial arts. Shao Hai lives with his Aunt who adopted him, and learns the martial arts from his drunken master Uncle , formerly a head monk of the local temple. The day Prince Tsoi comes to the temple, Shao Hai watches the arrival from the roofs above. He sees incognito rebel assassins about to attack Prince Tsoi, and yells out to the Prince to take cover. Upon hearing Shao Hoi's warning, the guards leap into action and chase off the rebel offenders. Prince Tsoi then shows his gratitude towards Shao Hai for potentially saving his life. Prince Tsoi  allows the young man to think he has gained favor with the Ching. So this immediately goes to the head of Shao Hai and he goes around alienating those around him. Meanwhile, Shao Hai's Uncle asks him to spy on Prince Tsoi to determine which form of martial arts he practices. When Shao Hai informs his Uncle that the Prince practices Lohan style, he convinces Shao Hai to ask Prince Tsoi to teach him this super secret form of kung fu. The Prince is suspicious of Shao Hai's desire to learn Lohan Fist, but agrees because he sees the kid as a pawn of the rebels. In short time, Shao Hai learns Lohan and Buddhist Fist techniques. He finally gets to apply these skills when masked rebel assassins penetrate the palace security to kill the Prince. He beats off the assassins, and manages to kill one. When he removes the mask of the dead rebel, Shao Hai goes into shock when the assassin is none other than his Aunt who adopted him. Shao Hai now realizes that he is on the wrong side of this conflict. He goes to seek the advice of his Uncle, who recruits him into the rebellion, something that his Aunt firmly believed in. The Prince’s advisors warn him that someday Shao Hai could become a potentially great opponent with Lohan Fist training. But the Prince still plans to use Shao Hai to expose the underground. Over time, Shao Hai becomes more knowledgeable with the Lohan techniques, and begins to train his Uncle. The Prince finally catches on about whom Shao Hai is, and demands he send his Uncle to the palace to face him. After the two fight to a standstill, the Prince’s guards interrupt the fight, giving the Uncle the opportunity to escape. The angered Prince Tsoi organizes a search party to track down and kill Shao Hai and his Uncle. Meanwhile, both men have hidden themselves in the forest where Uncle begins training his nephew in the ways of the Buddhist’s Palm; the only know method of counteracting the Lohan Fist. After undergoing training of the Five Elements Buddha's Palm techniques, the enlightened Shao Hai returns to the palace to challenge his opponent. He fights through Prince Tsoi’s bodyguards to finally engage the Prince himself. Shao Hai must defeat the Prince not only to avenge his Aunt’s death, but in the name of freedom itself..."] ["The storyline opens in Tibet in the year 1943, wherein one of its protagonists, a Tibetan monk, is informed that he has fulfilled the prophecies made of him - he has fought an army of enemies while a flock of cranes circled above; fought for love at the palace of Jade; saved brothers whom he did not know from a family he never had; and forsaken his name. He is then entrusted by his master with the protection of a Scroll which contains knowledge by which the reader becomes the most powerful of living things - a protection that will keep him youthful and immunize him to injury until, at the close of 60 years, he must pass the knowledge to an heir. The master, who has formerly been the guardian of this Scroll, is killed by German soldiers shortly after the transfer. His pupil, the now nameless Monk, escapes despite the Nazi commander's expectations. 60 years later, a young pickpocket named Kar  robs a police officer in a subway station. He is arrested, but frees himself and chains the police officer, only to flee some of the latter's colleagues. Above in the street, the Nameless Monk is reading a newspaper when he notices several men attempting to capture him. The Nameless Monk attempts to escape by running into the subway, whereupon he and Kar collide, causing a young girl to fall into the path of an oncoming train. Kar and the Nameless Monk rescue the girl, whereupon the three escape, leaving Kar's bag of stolen goods in the station. Having escaped, the Nameless Monk and Kar introduce themselves to each other, whereupon Kar steals the Scroll from the Nameless Monk and runs away. Thereafter, wherever Kar goes he is chased by the Nameless Monk, who suspects that Kar may be a suitable successor as guardian of the Scroll. When fighting underground against a minor crime lord called Mister Funktastic , Kar meets a young woman named Jade, whom he falls in love with. The Nameless Monk then follows Kar home and watches him at home practicing Kung-fu by watching Chinese martial arts movies. The next day, Jade meets with Nina at the opening of the exhibit by the Human Rights Organization - Conscience of Humanity. Later, they meet again during the next day and are conversing when Jade walks up to them and asks Kar to return her necklace, which he had apparently stolen on purpose in order to return to Jade so as to earn her esteem. She is interrupted by a group of mercenaries whose quarry is the Nameless Monk - their intended target flees with Kar in his company. The Nameless Monk and Kar escape by hiding beneath an Asian laundromat, wherein are several monks of the lead character's order. The Nameless Monk then takes refuge in a nearby building where he shows Kar several advanced combat techniques, including a demonstration of the art of dodging bullets. They are attacked and the Scroll is taken to the employer of the mercenary forces - a crime lord named Strucker. It is revealed that Strucker is in fact the Nazi commander who fought with the Nameless Monk  60 years ago in Tibet. Strucker desires to use the power of the Scroll as a means of world domination. Upon reading the Scroll, Strucker finds that it contains a recipe for noodle soup, whereas it is later revealed that the true secret of power is tattooed on the Nameless Monk's torso. The Nameless Monk and Kar return home to find that Kar's employer, Mr. Kojima, has been murdered by Strucker's granddaughter, who happens to be Nina. They flee to the Asian laundromat but are betrayed by an ambitious monk who desires the power conferred by the scroll - however, all parties are taken to Strucker's center of operation and tortured. The Nameless Monk and Kar seek the help of Jade, whom they learn is the daughter of a currently imprisoned Russian crime lord. Their meeting is interrupted by Nina, who has Jade and Kar beaten and the Nameless Monk captured. Later, Jade and Kar infiltrate Strucker's headquarters, where they are separated as Strucker prepares to scan the Nameless Monk's brain. Jade fights Nina and defeats her, and Kar finds the Nameless Monk. By now, Strucker has regained his youth by reading the text of the Scroll, but he is unable to obtain the content of the last line, which is written nowhere and present only in the Nameless Monk's memory. Strucker attempts to scan the Nameless Monk's brain, but is prevented by Kar himself. The fight ensues, which takes to the roof of the building. In the end, Strucker is thrown onto electric cables; however, Strucker is preserved from death by the power conferred to him by his use of the Scroll. While Jade frees the other monks, the Nameless Monk transfers what is revealed to be only part of the Scroll's content, and the task of protecting it for 60 years, to Kar. When Strucker attempts to kill Kar, but is killed himself, it is revealed that Jade has also received a part of the Scroll and shares with him the task of protecting it and all the effects thereof. The Nameless Monk then tells them that they both passed the three prophecies  and the final test. The next day, the now aged Nameless Monk meets Kar and Jade, to whom he reveals the final line of the Scroll and whom he now deems inseparable. He then departs, lighthearted."] ['{{plot}} Oyuki, a tattooed female assassin – the renegade member of a daimyo\'s personal bodyguard detail – is killing every man that is sent up against her. Along with her deadly use of the short blade, she strips to the waist while fighting to reveal elaborate tattoos on her chest and back. On her front is a kintarō grasping her left breast. A portrait of a mountain witch covers her back. She then cuts off her victims\' topknots, or chonmage, which brings dishonor to the dead man and his family. Ogami Ittō, the disgraced former shogun\'s executioner, or Kogi Kaishakunin, is hired to kill Oyuki. He tracks down the tattoo artist, who explains that she was a "fine" woman who did not scream as he dug into her flesh with his needles. Meanwhile, Ittō\'s 3-year-old son, Daigoro, has grown restless waiting by the baby cart his father uses to trundle him about in. He goes exploring and finds a pair of performing clowns on the street. When the clowns finish their performance, Daigoro follows them, hoping to see more. But the clowns shoo him away, saying it\'s time to go home. Now, Daigoro has wandered too far. He is lost, and has become separated from his father. Agents of the Ogamis\' mortal enemies, the Yagyū, are never far away. A procession of them, accompanied by the sound of gongs and loud shrieks, sends Daigoro into hiding. Ittō must give up his search rather than risk an entanglement with the men, so he travels on alone. Daigoro spends days looking for his father, searching in every temple in the countryside. He enters one temple and sees a figure at the altar praying, but it is not his father. Rather, it is a man whom Daigoro immediately recognizes as someone who is unfriendly. The man follows Daigoro, who wanders into a grass field as it is being lit on fire by farmers. Unwittingly, Daigoro is surrounded by the flames, but he proves his resourcefulness by burying himself and surviving. The man then turns his sword on Daigoro, who raises a stick to defend himself, and in that instant the man realizes who Daigoro is. Just then, Ittō comes into the picture, and the two recognize each other. The man, it turns out is Gunbei Yagyū, the outcast son of Retsudo Yagyū. Gunbei and Itto had competed for the post of shogun\'s executioner, and Gunbei\'s fierce swordsmanship surely would have won him the post, but in his over zealousness, he ends up pointing his sword at the shogun – a taboo movement that costs him the job and makes him an outcast. Ittō and Gunbei now have a rematch, but Itto is much improved and is ready for Gunbei. With a swift stroke, he chops off Gunbei\'s right arm. Gunbei then begs Ittō to kill him, but Ittō refuses, saying there is nothing to be gained from slaying a man who is already dead. With Gunbei out of the way and father and son reunited, the action then turns on finding the tattooed killer, Oyuki. He first stops at a settlement of street actors that Oyuki was said to be a part of. He talks to the elder and hears more of her story, and it happens that the elder is Oyuki\'s father, who is opposed to her actions, and cooperates with Ittō. Ittō finally locates Oyuki at a hot spring and witnesses her in action against more vassals who have come to try to kill her. Then her arch nemesis, her former instructor who raped her and set her on her bloody vendetta, shows up with his flaming sword and blazing eyes. But she is no longer in his sway, and when he sees her tattoos, he is distracted and killed. Finally, Ittō and Oyuki must duel, and he makes quick work of her. She dies a splendid death, as Itto says, without having to disrobe. Retsudo Yagyū, meanwhile, has been playing politics. He manipulates a local daimyo into bringing in Ittō, but Ittō is able to use the baby cart and its weapons to escape from the daimyo\'s palace and take the man hostage. As Ittō is leaving the area with the daimyo along for safety, he is attacked by the Yagyū. The daimyo is killed by some musketeers and Ittō goes headlong into battle, telling his son Daigoro that he is entering the "crossroads to hell." It is a fierce battle, ending with Ittō and Retsudo in combat. They trade blows – Retsudo gets a blade in his right eye and Ittō a sword in his back. Ittō kills the swordsman who stabs him, but Retsudo gets away. Daigoro finds his father and with great effort, pulls the sword from his father\'s back. Despite being severely wounded, Ittō carries Daigoro to the cart and slowly pushes it away, seeking medical treatment for himself. Watching over the scene is the now one-armed Gunbei, who is happy to see Ittō live to fight another day.'] ["Tyler  impregnates a lesbian cop, Ah Jo ,after a drunken night. He joins an unlicensed bodyguard service led by Uncle Ji , to earn money to give to Ah Jo who wants nothing to do with him. Nearly nine months later, Tyler meets up with a butcher named Jack  and his pregnant wife, Ah Hui , who helps Tyler, at Ah Hui's father's birthday, prevent the father's assassination. Tyler tries to convince Jack to start a bodyguard service with him, but Jack turns him down. A group of South American and Chinese mercenaries, known as the Angels, arrive and threaten Jack, who they call Juan, and their second in command Miguel  offers him a chance to rejoin them if he kills his own father-in-law. Instead, Jack kills the leader of the Angels and evades Uncle Ji's bodyguards, knocking Tyler out in the process, and then steals a case full of cash from under their noses and escapes from the Angels. Jack drops his wife off at her father's mansion, giving her a key to a train station locker and telling her to go there when their child is born. Tyler is interrogated by the cops in connection with Jack, who accuse him of being connected to the killer because he saw him up close. Tyler tells them nothing. An Jo tries unsuccessfully to parole Tyler, but Uncle Ji succeeds. Tyler thanks An Jo, and Uncle Ji locks him up in a transportation crate for a night before letting him out and getting Tyler to tell him about Jack. Uncle Ji gives Tyler more money, which Tyler tries to give to Ah Jo; he finds out that she has just gone into the hospital to give birth. Tyler heads off after Jack, and breaks into his apartment only to find the Angels and Jack have the place staked out. A running gun battle ensues between Jack and the Angels as Tyler desperately tries to survive in Jack's apartment. Tyler ends up trapped in the apartment with the gas leaking and only manages to survive the explosion by hiding in the refrigerator. Jack tricks the Angels into killing one of their own and distracting them long enough so he and Tyler can escape the rest. Miguel admits defeat and tries to call a truce with Jack, but then calls it off when one of the other Angels spots Jack's wife who arrives on the scene to see her former apartment burning. The Angels take off after An Hui, following her to the train station. Tyler steals a taxi with his fake gun, giving his wallet to the driver, who promptly takes it to the cops. The police, still suspicious of Tyler from earlier, place him at the scene of the gun battle and explosion send a SWAT team after him to the station. At the station, Tyler confronts An Hui with his fake gun and takes the money Jack stole from the Angels. An Hui goes into labor and one of the Angels shoots a cop, and an innocent, while trying to shoot Tyler. In the ensuing panic, Tyler drags An Hui off to safety and the SWAT team arrives to deal with the situation. As they send in a medic team to retrieve An Hui, the Angels open fire on them. Jack arrives on the scene just before the SWAT team, including Miguel and other disguised Angels, starts a full invasion with tear gas. In the midst of the gases, Jack, the Angels, and the SWAT team hunt one another, with SWAT officers silently killed one by one by the Angels, who then disguise themselves in the SWAT gear from the fallen officers, enabling them to kill even more unsuspecting officers. Tyler escapes with An Hui to the railway tracks, where Jack saves the life of the SWAT team lieutenant and surrenders to him. The remaining Angels escape through a tunnel to a stadium full of concert goers. Tyler has to hunker down in the tunnels as An Hui starts to give birth, and Jack convinces the SWAT Lieutenant to let him go after Miguel in the stadium. Jack confronts Miguel in the catwalks above the concert goers and defeats him. Meanwhile, Tyler helps An Hui successfully give birth before the last of the Angels shows up. A fight ensues, and just as Tyler is about to lose, the last of the Angels gets shot repeatedly by An Hui. Jack is given a head start to escape the police and visits with his wife, and Tyler recovers the money before going off to the hospital to see his child."] ['The story is about the Korea under Japanese rule during World War II. A Korean nationalist played by Carter Wong gets into a fight with some non-Korean Japanese people and is chased into a church. The priest there is captured and tortured. Trying to secure his release, the leader of the resistance, Jhoon Rhee is himself captured and tortured by the Japanese. Carter Wong, Angela Mao and Anne Winton have to now try and rescue him. This leads to an explosive climax with the heroes having to fight the likes of Wong In Sik , Sammo Hung and Kenji Kazama.'] ['Yuk Jiao Lung takes up kung fu with the former rebel master Jade Fox as a way to escape an undesirable arranged marriage, while simultaneously, sword master Li Mu Bai falls in love with Yu Shu Lien when she arrives to avenge the murder of her parents. When the Green Destiny Sword turns up stolen, and the notorious female thief Jade Fox arrives to finish the ordeal, the four become enmeshed in a tangle of adventure, vengeance, and betrayal.'] ["Wong Fei-hung, Clubfoot and 13th Aunt cross the Pacific Ocean to America to visit Bucktooth So, who has opened a Po-chi-lam clinic there. While traveling by carriage through the wilderness, they pick up a friendly cowboy named Billy, who is almost dying of thirst. When the party stops to have lunch, a bunch of hostile Native Americans ambush them. Wong, Clubfoot and 13th Aunt escape unharmed but their carriage slides off a cliff and falls into a river. 13th Aunt and Clubfoot are rescued and taken to Bucktooth So's clinic. However, Wong hits his head on a rock and loses his memory as a consequence. He is saved by a Native American tribe. Back in town, the mayor makes oppressive rules with the intention of causing trouble for the Chinese people living there, while Billy tries to stop him. Meanwhile, the tribe that rescues Wong encounters a more powerful rival tribe. The rival leader, a fearsome warrior, injures Fierce Eagle  on Wong's side. However, to everyone's surprise, Wong defeats the rival leader and half of his men with his kung-fu, causing the rival tribe to flee in fear. Wong is eventually brought back to the town where his companions attempt to help him recall his past. When Wong finally regains his memory, he forgets everything that has happened during the period when he suffered from amnesia. In the meantime, the mayor is in debt and decides to hire a Mexican bandit to help him rob the bank, so that he can abscond the town with a ton of cash. The robbery is successful and the mayor frames the people in Po-chi-lam for it. Wong and the others are arrested and almost hanged. Just then, the Mexican bandit discovers that the mayor has paid him US$400,000 less, so he returns to town to claim his money. In the ensuing fight, the mayor is killed and Wong manages to capture the bandit to clear his name. At the end of the film, Billy is elected as the new mayor while Wong, 13th Aunt and Clubfoot return to China."] ["The legendary fighter Wu Sung  is sent to prison in Meng province after murdering his sister-in-law and her lover. There he meets with the prison officer Shih En , who saved Wu from the baton punishment required for new prisoners. Wu learns that Shih's restaurant named the “Delightful Forest” has been occupied by Chiang Chung  and now he seeks his revenge."] ["Set in Colorado, the story takes place in 1985 during the rise of the AIDS panic. McClain Evans is a gay high school student, constantly the target of bullying in his town. Karen O'Neil is a woman haunted by the death of her pro-boxer fiance, Mark Corey. After a five-year absence, she returns to her family, who runs a successful martial arts school. When McClain is attacked by three local teens, his mother, Annie, asks Karen to teach her son martial arts so that he can defend himself. Karen's family is fearful of anti-gay retaliation, so Karen is forced to secretly teach McClain at night. When word of this reaches her family, and the small-town community, violence erupts, and family and friendship are challenged, forcing Karen to reveal her own dark and tragic secret to those she loves most."] ['Daniel LaRusso , a high school senior, moves with his mother  from Newark, New Jersey, to Reseda, a neighborhood in the San Fernando Valley region of Los Angeles, California. Their apartment\'s handyman is an eccentric but kindly and humble Okinawan immigrant named Mr. Miyagi . Daniel befriends Ali Mills , an attractive high school cheerleader, at the same time angering her arrogant ex-boyfriend, Johnny Lawrence . Johnny is the best student at the Cobra Kai dojo, where he is taught an unethical, vicious form of martial arts. Daniel knows a little karate from books and a few classes at the YMCA, but Johnny easily defeats him in their first encounter. Thereafter, Johnny and his gang of Cobra Kai students torment Daniel at every opportunity. When Miyagi witnesses the gang giving Daniel a savage beating, he intervenes and single-handedly defeats all five boys with ease. Awed, Daniel asks Miyagi to be his teacher. Miyagi refuses, but agrees to go with Daniel to the Cobra Kai dojo in order to resolve the conflict. They confront the sensei, John Kreese , an ex-Special Forces Vietnam Veteran who sneers at the concepts of mercy and restraint. Kreese and Miyagi agree to a match between Johnny and Daniel in two months\' time at the "All Valley Karate Tournament," where the Cobra Kai students can fight Daniel on equal terms. Miyagi also requests that the bullying stop while Daniel trains. Kreese orders his students to leave Daniel alone, but under the condition that if Daniel does not show up for the tournament, the harassment will resume and Miyagi himself will also become a target. Miyagi becomes Daniel\'s teacher and, slowly, a surrogate father figure. He begins Daniel\'s training by having him perform laborious chores such as waxing cars, sanding a wooden floor, refinishing a fence, and painting Miyagi\'s house. Each chore is accompanied with a specific movement, such as clockwise/counter-clockwise hand motions. Daniel fails to see any connection to his training from these hard chores and eventually feels frustrated, believing he has learned nothing of karate. When he expresses his frustration, Miyagi reveals that Daniel has been learning defensive blocks through muscle memory learned by performing the chores. As Daniel\'s training continues more overtly, his bond with Miyagi becomes closer. He learns that Miyagi lost his wife and son in childbirth at Manzanar internment camp while he was serving overseas with the United States Army during World War II. The loss of his family and Daniel\'s loss of his father further strengthens the father-son surrogacy. Daniel also discovers that the outwardly peaceful and serene Miyagi was a recipient of the Medal of Honor for valor against German forces in Europe. Through the teaching, Daniel learns not only karate but also important life lessons such as the importance of balance, reflected by the belief that martial arts training is as much about training the spirit as the body. Daniel applies the life lessons that Miyagi has taught him to strengthen his relationship with Ali. At the tournament, Daniel surprises everyone by reaching the semi-finals. Johnny advances to the finals, scoring three unanswered points against a highly skilled opponent. Kreese instructs Bobby Brown, one of his more compassionate students and the least vicious of Daniel\'s tormentors, to disable Daniel with an illegal attack to the knee. Bobby reluctantly does so, severely injuring Daniel and getting disqualified in the process. As Daniel writhes in pain on the ground, Bobby profusely apologizes before he is pulled away. Daniel is taken to the locker room and checked out, with the physician determining that he cannot continue. Although Miyagi assures him he has already proven himself, Daniel believes that if he does not continue, his tormentors will have gotten the best of him. He persuades Miyagi to use a pain suppression technique to allow him to finish the tournament. As Johnny is about to be declared the winner by default, Daniel hobbles into the ring. The Championship match is a seesaw battle, as neither Johnny nor Daniel is able to break through either\'s defenses. At one point Daniel succeeds in a scissor leg technique tripping Johnny and delivers a blow to the back of the head, giving Johnny a nose bleed. The match is paused for Johnny to be looked at by Kreese. Kreese directs Johnny to sweep Daniel\'s injured leg, an unethical move. Johnny looks horrified at the order but reluctantly agrees after Kreese\'s intimidation. Despite the moves, Daniel gets up each time. At last, Daniel and Johnny are tied, with the next point deciding victory. Daniel, barely able to stand, assumes the "Crane" stance, a technique he observed Miyagi performing on the beach during his training. The referee signals to begin, and Johnny lunges in. Daniel jumps and delivers a front kick to Johnny\'s chin, winning the tournament. Johnny, having gained newfound respect for his adversary, takes Daniel\'s trophy from the Master of Ceremonies and presents it to Daniel himself, sincerely proclaiming "You\'re all right, LaRusso! Good match!" Miyagi looks on proudly as Daniel celebrates his victory.'] ["Years ago, Dirk Longstreet walked away from The Circuit, the merciless underground fight club with no rules, where money changes hands as men are killed. But now gangsters have got his brother, and only one more journey inside the ring will save his life. Or will it? Not without a fight.. Literally. And this time, it's personal."] ['Somewhere in the jungles of South Africa, a multinational military unit, Special Force Unit, ambushes a convoy and kidnaps several scientists working on a highly-volatile compound extracted from a recently discovered meteorite. Among the operatives is a Hong Kong national identified as "Jackie Chan". Morgan  of the CIA is sent to South Africa to investigate the incident, not knowing that Morgan and newly-retired Lieutenant General Sherman  orchestrated the abduction for their personal profit. At the same time, the CIA assigns another operative in South Africa for a more covert operation. Chan wakes up in a tribal village somewhere in the African veldt, still recovering from injuries sustained in an accident he cannot remember; due to this, when asked for his name by the natives, he responds by asking himself, "Who Am I?", and is referred to as that by the natives. The tribesmen show him the remains of a crashed helicopter and graves of those who perished aboard. He spends weeks recuperating from his wounds and learning about the tribe\'s culture. After spotting rally cars from several miles away, "Who Am I?" bids the village farewell and ventures on a journey back to civilization. He befriends Japanese rally navigator Yuki  after saving her brother from a snake bite and offering to help them finish the race. When they reach Johannesburg, "Who Am I?" meets Christine Stark , a journalist sent to interview him about his rally adventure. However, Morgan hears of "Who Am I?" and sends hitmen to kill him. Morgan also pretends to be his ally, telling him to contact him if he is in danger. After escaping from the hitmen, Christine cracks a secret code written on a matchbook found on one of the dead operatives, which leads them to Rotterdam, Netherlands. "Who Am I?" and Christine bid Yuki farewell and head for Rotterdam to find more answers to his identity. In Rotterdam, "Who Am I?" discovers that Christine is actually an undercover CIA agent. Not knowing whom to trust, he sneaks into the Willemswerf alone, where he discovers the masterminds behind the kidnapping of the scientists. It is revealed that Morgan and Lieutenant General Sherman are about to sell the extraterrestrial compound to a powerful arms dealer. While waiting for the online transaction to finish, the three men leave the conference room for a coffee break — giving "Who Am I?" time to sneak in and steal the disc containing the compound information. He also cancels the transaction and sends the money to a children\'s organization, infuriating the arms dealer. After escaping from the building, "Who Am I?" regroups with Christine, who calls for the execution of a "Plan B", to surround the Erasmus Bridge and corner Morgan. After Christine takes Morgan into custody, "Who Am I?" throws the disc off the bridge and tells Christine he will return to Africa.'] ["Chief constable and accomplished fighter Ling Tien Ying is well known for his remarkable success rate in his dangerous field. Ling, though, is also a ruthless constable who never spares the fleeing suspects he pursues and even earns a reprimand by his own brother for this grim determination. When two million taels are stolen from the royal vaults, Ling is hired to find the thieves within ten days and administer his own justice. Ling's first task is to pick a team of men from his loyal band of assistants and then sort through the clues. After finding a link with a local villager and using his own harsh methods to get results, Ling is attacked by two of the thieves and only just fends them off. More hardships occur when his men are ambushed by a significant group of the enemy and their number is severely reduced by the assault. However, the constable is used to facing tremendous odds and, after battling through a number of his foes, slowly pieces together the events of the theft. Only when he meets one of the ringleaders does Ling finally discover who was behind the robbery; the answer comes as a definite surprise."] ["Mr. Tsan , is a doctor and master of Wing Chun, whose martial lineage traces back to the style's founder. He is grudgingly persuaded by Fei Chun , his lead student, to teach kung fu to Cashier Hua , a patient hiding out at his residence. Hua had previously overheard a businessman named Mo  and several of his men plotting to take over the town by killing the head of the town. Unfortunately, Hua made the mistake of warning Mo's wormy henchman, Master Yao  and a trap was set that nearly cost the poor cashier his life. Whilst in hiding, Hua sends Fei Chun to warn the town head. Ignores the advice, the town head is later attacked by Mo's men, although its unclear whether he escapes or is killed after a protracted fight. Meanwhile, Tsan runs Hua through an elaborate series of Wing Chun training sessions before he falls victim to a vicious trap set by Mo who has learned of Hua's whereabouts. With nothing left to lose, Hua, Fei Chun, and Tsan's niece split up to use specific Wing Chun styles against Mo's leading fighters. Trouble mounts when its discovered that Fei mixed up the fighter's names and each of Tsan's students have to improvise in order to win against their opponents."] ['The film begins with a nightmare of Bruce Lee\'s father , who sees a terrifying phantom  in black samurai armor that haunts the young Bruce Lee . Bruce is shown as a child receiving instruction in traditional Chinese martial arts in a montage that passes quickly through his teenage years in Hong Kong. As a young adult, Bruce  becomes involved in a fight with British sailors  and this results in him having to leave Hong Kong because of the incident. His father suggests that Bruce go to the US, since he was actually born in San Francisco when his father was on a tour there and has a US birth certificate. His father asks Bruce to become a success, so big a success that his name will be famous even back in Hong Kong. In the US, Bruce starts off working as a dishwasher at a Chinese restaurant, where he becomes involved in a fight with some of the staff, and he fends them off until the restaurant owner  arrives and fires Bruce. As well as severance she gives him an all-purpose loan and convinces him to use the money to invest in a future with education or, in her own words, sex. At a university, he begins to teach martial arts classes, and during these classes he meets Linda Emery , and the two begin dating. They eventually marry in defiance of Linda\'s racist mother. Linda suggests that Bruce open up a martial arts training school, which he does, but some other Chinese martial arts schools feel that he should not train non-Chinese, and they challenge him to fight Johnny Sun  to resolve the issue. Bruce wins the fight but Sun attacks Bruce from behind after the fight is over, resulting in a serious back injury. While immobilized and recovering Bruce and Linda quarrel of why he did not tell her about this duel, but she furiously rejects his despairing assumption that she will abandon him because of this injury. To give his recovery time purpose, Linda coaxes him to examine the weaknesses of his combat technique, which leads to him developing the fight philosophy of Jeet Kune Do while she helps him write "The Tao of Jeet Kune Do." During this period Linda gives birth to their first child, Brandon, and he is the key for the couple to reconcile with Linda\'s mother . Later at Ed Parker\'s martial arts tournament, Bruce has a new face-off with Johnny Sun, this time in a 60-second demonstration of his new fighting style. Johnny Sun appears to have the upper hand in the first half of the match but then Bruce recovers and ends up kicking Sun over the top rope. After the match, Bruce meets Bill Krieger  and is hired for The Green Hornet TV show. Bruce and Bill work together and create the idea for Kung Fu. At a cast party, Linda says she is now pregnant with their second child, Shannon. Shortly afterwards, there is an announcement for the cancellation of The Green Hornet. The show Kung Fu makes it onto television, but starring David Carradine and not Bruce. Bruce travels back home for his father\'s funeral and whilst in the country is soon approached by Philip Tan , a Hong Kong film producer. He says that Bruce is well known in Hong Kong and that The Green Hornet show is called The Kato Show there. Bruce begins work on The Big Boss. In the filming of the final scene, set in an ice factory, the brother of Johnny Sun attacks Bruce, wanting revenge. Bruce successfully defends himself against the attack. The Big Boss is a success and Bruce makes several more films – working as actor, director and editor. This causes a rift between Bruce and Linda, as she wishes to return to the States. Bill Krieger shows up, and although he knows that Bruce is still angry with him, he offers him a chance to work on a big-budget Hollywood movie, which Bruce decides to do, particularly as Linda feels she must return. On the 32nd day of shooting Enter the Dragon, Bruce has a vision of himself fighting and defeating the phantom that haunted his childhood. At the end, he decides to walk off of the set and go home to see his family. The film ends during a shot of the final scene of Enter the Dragon, with a voice-over by Linda informing the audience of his death before the movie\'s release, and her preferred choice to discuss his life, not his death.'] ["{{Refimprove}} For many centuries, phi song neng  have lived among the villages of the Far East. One day, over 800 years ago, a young, human warlord named Niran fell in love with a beautiful song neng woman named Sang. Niran wanted Sang for his own, so he killed her husband and son. In her pain and rage, Sang attacked Niran during a Songkran  solar eclipse, turning him into a vampire. From Niran have come many jai tham . Only Sang can end the jai tham's nightly attacks on humans. Doing so, however, will end the entire bloodline and turn every vampire, song neng as well as jai tham, into mere mortals again. Since the coming Songkran festival will feature the first solar eclipse in 800 years, Sang intends to kill herself by exposing herself to the sun's rays at the end of the eclipse and, thus, wipe out all the vampires in Thailand. Connor  and Amanda  are vacationing in Thailand during this year's Songkran festival. Connor, trained since childhood in Muay Thai , takes Amanda to see a match. However, Amanda cannot take the brutality and goes back to their hotel alone. On the way, she gets lost in the Phang Nga market, and Mr Nice Guy  offers to show her the way to her hotel. He leads her on a short cut down a deserted alley, then suddenly turns into the vampire Niran, drinking her blood and carrying her off on a motorcycle. Connor tries to follow, but he is stopped by another vampire, obviously intent on killing him. Just as the vampire is about to succeed, a bald-headed man appears and chops off the vampire's head. Connor begs for his help finding Amanda, but he warns Connor to leave Thailand immediately and threatens to kill Connor if he follows him. Of course, Connor stealthily  follows Kiko  home to Kong Sai House. When the police refuse to consider Amanda missing until 48 hours have passed, Connor goes back to Kong Sai House, only to find everyone asleep. While snooping through the house, Connor is attacked by a female vampire  . Connor gets away from her by jumping out a window. As Connor lands on the ground below, he is stopped by vampire slayer Raines  who insists on testing Connor's blood to see if he is infected. When Connor comes up clean, he begs Raines to help him find Amanda but, like Kiko, Raines warns him to leave Thailand. Amanda is as good as dead, he says. If she resists, the jai tham will bleed her dry; if not, they'll turn her, and then Raines will slay her . Either way, Amanda should be considered dead to Connor. Connor won't accept it and returns again to Kong Sai House. While there, he sees a photo of Niran in front of the Techno Games Arcade near the Phang Nga market. Figuring that Niran might have taken Amanda there, he snoops around. He finds Amanda being held in a cell with skeletons, carcasses, and other humans in various stages of being drained of their blood. Basically, he's stumbled into the jai tham's pantry. Amanda and Connor escape but are attacked outside by two jai tham on a motorcycle. One drives off with Amanda; the other stays to kill Connor. Just as Niran and the rest of the jai tham arrive to join the fun, Sang appears. Connor grabs a motorcycle and, with Sang riding behind him, they succeed in outrunning the jai tham. Both Amanda and Connor are now faced with decisions. Amanda must decide whether to allow Niran to turn her or to keep on drinking from her, which causes acute pain. Connor has to decide whether or not to join the song neng in hopes of winning the battle with the jai tham and helping Sang to kill herself so that all vampires  will be turned back into mortals. The alternative, if Sang is not successful, is that Connor will remain a vampire until the next Songkran eclipse rolls around in 800 years and Sang can try again. Connor's decision is made doubly hard because he's got the hots for Sang. Amanda decides to continue resisting, and Connor decides to become song neng. This requires being bitten by Sang and, apparently, having sex with her, too. The day of the eclipse is upon them. The song neng have made a deal with the slayers. Since Sang's embrace of the sun must take place in the same spot where the curse began 800 years ago , the song neng have made a deal with Raines. Raines and his slayers will line the buildings and walls that overlook the site, which looks like an archeological dig, in order to kill any jai tham who try to stop Sang. Connor, Kiko, and the rest of the song neng will help Sang get to the required spot. The eclipse starts at 3:00, and they will have 17 minutes to do the job. All is set. Suddenly, the sun is covered and the city falls dark. The slayers are in position. Connor and the song neng move out from under the trees. The jai tham arrive on their motorcycles. In the melee that follows, Connor and Niran fall through a weak spot into a pit where they continue fighting. Time is running out, and Kiko realizes that the slayers have double-crossed them. Suddenly, the slayers open fire, shooting everyone, song neng and jai tham. Only Connor and Niran remain protected in their hole. Connor manages to impale Niran, but when he surfaces from the pit, Connor finds only bodies. He shouts for Sang, but there is no answer. Raines walks up, gloating over how much he will get for all the vampire heads AND those in the future. If Sang ends the curse, he explains, there's no more vampires, and we're in the vampire hunting business. Connor locates Sang as Raines turns his crossbow on her. Connor offers to shoot Sang so that she does not have to suffer. Raines hands his bow to Connor. Connor aims at Sang but suddenly swings his aim to Raines. Forcing Raines to carry Sang to the designated spot, Connor gives her one last kiss before the sun reappears and Sang is toast. She explodes, taking Raines with her. Connor hurries back to the jai tham's pantry and rescues Amanda."] ['The film is set in the early 20th century, during the Japanese colonial rule of Korea. Jeong Taek is a master of Pyongyang Nalpharam, a form of the ancient Taekkyeon martial art perfected on Mount Taeseong near Pyongyang. He returns home one day to find his father poisoned by Korean-born Japanese woman Mieko, who claims that the elder was responsible for the death of her own father. At first mistaking the woman for his childhood sweetheart, So Gyeon, Taek is forced into action when Japanese forces lay claim to the sacred texts containing the secrets of Pyongyang Nalpharam.'] ["1840s Japan. It is a time of peace and the era of the samurai is waning. A sadistic young Lord Matsudaira Naritsugu rapes and kills at will. No one can touch him because he is the former shogun's son and current shogun's younger brother, and thus above the law. Sir Doi Toshitsura, a senior government official, realizes the situation will become more dangerous after Naritsugu ascends to a higher political position. After a wronged party publicly commits seppuku as a way of showing disdain for Lord Naritsugu, Sir Doi seeks out a trusted older samurai, Shinzaemon, a battle- hardened warrior who served under the former shogun, and secretly hires him to assassinate Naritsugu. However, men loyal to Naritsugu soon get wind of Sir Doi's plot, and move into action. By spying on Doi's meetings, they discover he has hired Shinazaemon. Meanwhile, Shinzaemon gathers 11 more samurai, whom Sir Doi knows can be trusted and are the strongest he knows, including his nephew Shinroukuro. The 12 plan to ambush Naritsugu on his long journey home from Edo. Before they leave, some members of the group are attacked by Hanbei's men but quickly defeat them. Shinzaemon is visited by his old sparring partner Hanbei: each tries to dissuade the other from his task in vain, with Shinzaemon saying they will meet again. In order to block Naritsugu's passage, several of the assassins are sent to buy the help of a town, and so force him to reroute to a remote village for their advantage. Shinzaemon and the others ride urgently towards the village they have chosen for the battle. On the way, they are encounter a few of Naritsugu's hired thugs, meant to slow them down while Naritsugu journeys home; they kill the thugs easily. They decide to travel stealthily through the mountains, where they meet a hunter named Kiga Koyata who leads them off the mountain and they adopt him as the thirteenth assassin. He helps them find the village they have chosen for the conflict, and they are reunited with their comrades. They take the village over and convert it into a labyrinthine mousetrap with many camouflaged fortifications. As they wait, one of the assassins out scouting the area returns with bad news; he claims that Naritsugu and his men have vanished after turning back from the blocked town. Some assassins plead with Shinzaemon to track down Naritsugu, but Shinzaemon who is always thinking ahead, tells them to wait it out; it's hard for Naritsugu and his 70 guards to hide easily. Therefore they must believe that their luck will hold out. Shinzaemon compares their attempt to catch Naritsugu to fishing; he says never reel your line in too fast, otherwise the fish will steal the bait and run away. It is better to wait till the fish swallows the bait and hook, and then reel him in at once. The next morning, their luck turns when the assassins discover that Naritsugu is heading toward the village. But when Naritsugu arrives, they discover they are outnumbered even more heavily than expected: there are over 200 guards that Hanbei has ordered from other areas, not the 70 they were expecting. Nonetheless, Shinzaemon tells the assassins that the bigger the enemy the better, and they must continue their mission. A lengthy battle follows, with Naritsugu and his guards trapped inside the village and attacked by the assassins with arrows, explosives, knives, and swords – with the exception of Koyata, who fights with rocks in slings. Naritsugu, who has led a life of luxury, is enthralled and excited by the violence, claiming it's the most fun he has had and wondering if it was like this during the sengoku period . Inevitably, the assassins fall one by one as they inflict devastating casualties on the guards until, at last, there is a one-to-one sword fight between Shinzaemon and Hanbei, each knowing the other's moves well. Naritsugu watches. As they are fighting on natural terrain and not in a dojo, Shinzaemon triumphs. He approaches Naritsugu, who is finally now unprotected. Shinzaemon tells Naritsugu that he is acting for the people, but Naritsugu tells him that both the people and Samurai have only one purpose and that is to serve their lord. Shizaemon tells Naritsugu that lords can't live without the support of the people, and that if a lord abuses his powers, the people will rise against him. Enraged, Naritsugu stabs him in the abdomen, Shinzaemon returns the thrust. Both are mortally wounded. Naritsugu crawls in the mud, experiencing fear and pain for the first time. He thanks Shinzaemon in his own way for showing him how the world can be so different from the luxuries he was bored with. Shinzaemon decapitates Naritsugu in a coup de grace. Shinzaemon collapses, telling his nephew Shinrokurô that their mission is finished and releasing him from his duty. After telling Shinrokurô that he is deemed worthy as a Samurai and that he must live his life as he sees fit, Shinzaemon dies. As Shinrokurō wanders through the carnage he discovers the hunter Koyata standing amid the chaos. Despite being impaled through the neck earlier by Naritsugu, Koyata has made what appears to be a miraculous recovery. Shinrokurō tells him that Naritusugu is dead and that now their mission is over, he planned to become the most successful bandit in Japan and travel to America to make love with the woman there, and Koyata says that he plans go back to the mountains to take his boss's woman as his own. Shinrokurō says tell her he said hi; Koyata promises that he will before happily hopping over the corpses as he leaves. Alone, Shinrokurō drags his sword behind him as he leaves the village. An epilogue states that the Shogun and the government covered up what really occurred, announcing that Naritsugu died of illness. 23 years later, the Shogunate falls and opens way for the Meiji Era."] ["Former Green Beret Louis Stevens  returns to his hometown of Miami after completing military service in Brazil, only to learn that his old high school has become a haven for gangs and drug dealers. After Stevens uses his Capoeira skills to kick several drug dealers off the school property, Mr. Kerrigan ([[Geoffrey Lewis , one of Stevens' old teachers, sees the impact that Stevens has on the students. Kerrigan gives him the task of teaching Capoeira to a handful of the worst at-risk students at the school, giving Stevens an abandoned fire station as their dojo. While doing so, Stevens earns the ire of the local drug lord, Silverio , whose younger cousin, Orlando , is one of Stevens' students. Silverio is also a master of Capoeira, and he engages Stevens in combat, beating him viciously. The horrified Orlando resolves to learn everything he can from Stevens. Stevens' class learns quickly, and they become very skilled at Capoeira. The principal, delighted, proposes a district-wide Capoeira program to the school board. After a field trip with his class, Stevens once again crosses swords with Silverio, who declares war against him. Silverio's gang terrorizes the high school and sets fire to Kerrigan's classroom, resulting in the death of one of Stevens' students. As a result of this incident, Stevens is banished from the school grounds and the Capoeira program is terminated. In retaliation to the attack, Stevens sneaks into Silverio's chop shop and defeats the workers before setting a cash-filled car on fire. Furious, Silverio orders the gang to bring Stevens to him alive. Orlando flees to get help. After a desperate battle, Stevens is finally captured and brought to a bonfire, where Silverio awaits. However, Stevens' Capoeira students bar their path in an attempt to rescue their teacher. Before a brawl can ensue, the exhausted Stevens challenges Silverio to a single combat to win back his students. Despite a grueling battle, Stevens defeats Silverio before the police arrive, sending the gang scattering in all directions. With this defeat, Silverio's reputation as crime lord is gone. Stevens' Capoeira program proves to be a success that his students graduate from high school. To celebrate, they join a Brazilian Capoeira team to perform for Stevens at the graduation ceremony."] ['In fictional ancient Korea, Yi-gwak is a demon hunter who lost his lover, Yon-hwa, and colleagues of demon hunters in the past. He enters the Midheaven, a transitory place for spirits, only to find the spirit of Yon-hwa who has forgotten about him. His deceased former mentor, Ban-chu, masterminds a demonic rebellion in Midheaven, wishing to invade the living world.'] ['The film is set in the early 20th century in Shanghai International Settlement. The martial arts student Chen Zhen returns to Jingwu School to marry his fiancée Yuan Le-erh. However tragic news awaits him; his master Huo Yuanjia had died, apparently from illness. Chen is deeply saddened and traumatised by the sudden demise of his teacher. Not long after the funeral; two Japanese students from the Bushido School and man working for Hiroshi Susuki in Hongkou, show up. They present a sign to Jingwu School, bearing the words "Sick Men of East Asia" , seemingly as to insult Huo Yuanjia, describing the Chinese as "weaklings" in comparison to the Japanese. They taunt the Jingwu students to fight them and promise that they will "eat their words" if the Jingwu students dare to fight and defeat them. Shortly after, Chen Zhen goes to the Hongkou Dojo alone to return the "gift" . He\'s met with hostility from the Japanese students and they engage in a fight. Chen Zhen defeats all of them, including their Sensei, single-handedly and effortlessly. He uses his master\'s style of fighting Mizongyi and a Nunchaku as a weapon during the fight. He smashes the glass on the sign and makes the students who taunted him earlier chew up the paper bearing the derogatory words, so as to make them literally "eat their words". Chen takes a stroll to a park after that. He is refused entry into the park by a Sikh guard who points towards a sign reading "No dogs and Chinese allowed" . After the guard allows a foreigner to bring her pet dog into the park, a Japanese man approaches Chen and tells him that if he behaves like a pet dog, he will be allowed to go in. Chen beats up the man in anger and proceeds to smash the sign with a flying kick. Meanwhile, the Japanese students retaliate by attacking Jingwu School on the orders of their master Hiroshi Suzuki. The Jingwu students are caught by surprise and are totally unprepared for the onslaught. After causing severe damage, the Japanese students leave. They warn Jingwu School to hand over Chen Zhen or else Jingwu will be closed and all the students put under arrest. Chen returns and realises that he has caused big trouble. His fellow students are reluctant to hand him over to the Japanese so they make plans to help him escape from Shanghai. That night, Chen secretly overhears a conversation between the cook and the caretaker and discovers that his master was killed after consuming biscuits laced with poison. He bursts in and confronts them. Chen kills them in blind rage after they claimed responsibility for Huo Yuanjia\'s death. Chen hangs their bodies from a lamp post after that. The next day, the Jingwu students discover the bodies and suspect that Chen is responsible. However, Chen is nowhere to be found. Eventually, Chen\'s fiancée finds him hiding near Huo Yuanjia\'s grave. They share a passionate moment together briefly. At the same time, Suzuki forces the local police inspector to arrest Chen Zhen and bring Chen back to him. The reluctant inspector has no choice but to repeat the Japanese\'s earlier warnings to Jingwu School. That night, Chen confronts Suzuki\'s translator and forces a confession out of him, learning the entire truth behind his master\'s death. But when the cowardly translator sneaks up from behind him, Chen kills the translator and hangs his body from the lamp post. The angry Suzuki decides to take matters into his own hands. He sends his men to attack Jingwu School and kill everyone inside. On the same night, Chen barges into the Dojo to take his revenge. He takes down every single Japanese combatant he meets. Afterwards Chen battles Petrov, a Russian gang boss in league with Suzuki and his plans, who was visiting the Dojo at the time of Chen\'s attack. Previously Chen, in disguise, had seen Petrov exhibit great feats of strength and fighting ability. The two fighters at first starts out evenly matched and Petrov almost wins, but when Petrov is eventually unable to keep up with the speed of Chen\'s attacks he gets tired and wounded, Chen then defeats him. Finally, Chen corners Suzuki inside his office. Suzuki uses a Katana to fight back but he is no match for Chen, who is armed with a Nunchaku. In the dramatic ending of the fight scene, Chen sends Suzuki soaring out of the room with a flying kick and kills him, thus avenging his master\'s death. Chen returns to Jingwu School and finds that many of his fellow students have been killed during the Japanese\'s raid, although all of the raiders have been killed in the fight as well. After Chen overhears threats on the Jingwu school from a Japanese policeman, he volunteers himself to be arrested so as to protect his master\'s legacy. Chen speaks to the inspector in private and is assured that Jingwu School will prevail after he leaves. In the final scene, Chen charges and makes a flying kick at a line of armed soldiers just before they open fire at him, suggesting that the soldiers killed him.'] [' Following the Shredder\'s defeat at the hands of the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles, the four live with their news reporter friend April O\'Neil while they look for a new home, afraid the Foot will attack them if they return to the sewer. On a night out they encounter a pizza delivery boy named Keno fighting a band of robbers and intervene on his behalf. Meanwhile, the Foot Clan have retreated to a large junkyard, where the Shredder\'s second in command Tatsu declares himself their leader. However, he relinquishes command when the Shredder returns, having survived his encounter with the Turtles and Splinter and now desiring revenge. April reports on the efforts of an industrial organization called Techno Global Research Industries  to neutralize pollutants that have resulted from their experiments, and a member of April\'s camera crew that is a spy for the Foot discovers that toxic waste produced by the company has caused a mutation in nearby dandelion plants, producing exponential growth. Splinter, seeing the report on television, shows the Turtles and April the canister of the "ooze" that caused their mutation, revealing it was manufactured by TGRI. Shredder dispatches the Foot to obtain some of the ooze that caused the mutation. The Turtles infiltrate the TGRI laboratory seeking answers, but discover the Foot have kidnapped Perry, and after a skirmish the Foot escapes with the last canister of the ooze. The Shredder forces Perry to expose a alligator snapping turtle and a wolf to the ooze, transforming them into Tokka and Rahzar. Though the Shredder is irritated when they act as infants and consider him their "mother", due to Perry secretly modifying the ooze, but the Shredder is impressed with their immense strength and sends them to attack the city. Meanwhile Keno and Raphael infiltrate the Foot by having Keno pose as a new recruit, and the other three Turtles discover a new lair in an abandoned subway station. With Keno\'s assistance, Raph successfully infiltrates the Foot headquarters located on Lairdman Island, but is captured by the Shredder. Keno escapes to inform the others, but the group is led into a trap and are pitted against Tokka and Rahzar. The Turtles are overwhelmed by their brute strength, but manage to escape into a manhole that the larger mutants cannot fit through, successfully rescuing Perry in the process. Talking with Perry, Donatello is depressed to learn that the ooze was created in a lab accident rather than anything else, but Splinter assures him that he cannot judge his worth based on his origins. Upon learning that the Shredder intends to release Tokka and Rahzar into populated areas unless the Turtles confront them, Perry develops an antidote to counteract the ooze\'s effects and transform them back into normal animals. The Turtles meet with the Foot and successfully administer some portion of the antimutigen to Tokka and Rahzar by concealing it in donuts, but are discovered and another fight ensues. The fight spills into a nightclub, where the club\'s singer Vanilla Ice improvises a rap song to prevent a panic by creating the impression that the fight is part of his act. With advice from Perry the Turtles spray fire extinguishers into Tokka and Razhar\'s mouths, the carbon dioxide speeding up the antimutigen and reverting the two monsters back to their natural forms. After the Turtles take care of the Foot and Tatsu, the Shredder arrives and takes a woman hostage, revealing he still possesses the ooze. Keno arrives and kicks the canister out of his hands, which is recovered by Perry, but the Shredder retains a small vial of the ooze. Using a sound amplifier to magnify a Keytar, the Shredder is blasted through a wall onto the docks outside. The Turtles follow and find Shredder mutated into a "Super-Shredder", having consumed the vial of ooze. The Shredder overpowers the Turtles, but his rampant destruction of the dock\'s supports causes it collapse on top of them, crushing him while the Turtles dive to safety in the water. The Turtles return to their lair triumphant, but are confronted by Splinter with a newspaper showing a picture of them fighting at the club on the front page. As punishment, the Turtles are forced to do flips, Splinter quoting Vanilla Ice\'s rap and laughing as they begin.'] ['American Frank Dux , trained from his youth in the ways of Ninjutsu by a Japanese master of the art, Senzo Tanaka , honors his mentor out of gratitude and respect for having been allowed to train in place of Tanaka\'s deceased son Shingo by going to Hong Kong to participate in the Kumite &mdash; an illegal and underground, freestyle, single-elimination and occasionally deadly full-contact martial arts tournament, to which the world\'s best martial artists are secretly invited every five years. In Kowloon Walled City, Hong Kong, a number of fighters prepare for the Kumite with their own individualized training regimens. Dux, currently enlisted in the Army, is one of the invited participants, but his superiors have learned of the dangerous nature of the Kumite and refuse to let him go. Therefore, he goes AWOL, says goodbye to his mentor and leaves for Hong Kong. Two ACID  officers  are summoned to track down and arrest Dux for desertion. A flashback sequence reveals that Dux, as a teenager, once reluctantly burgled Tanaka\'s house with friends, but, after they heard a noise and his friends deserted him, Frank returned the katana they had snatched, only to be apprehended by the Tanakas. Impressed by his honesty, Senzo kept quiet about the incident and instead explained to Dux\'s parents that he would train their son in martial science . Eventually, Dux and Shingo became friends, and Shingo told him that one day he would make Senzo proud by going to the Kumite. After Shingo\'s death years later, and despite initial resistance, Senzo agreed to train Dux as a member of the Tanaka Clan. After arriving in Hong Kong, Dux befriends American Vale Tudo fighter Ray Jackson  and Victor Lin , who becomes the manager/liaison for Jackson and Dux. The two Americans and the defending Kumite champion Chong Li  &mdash; a fighter with a savage streak - all make it through the first day of the Kumite. Dux earns the enmity of Li after breaking his record for the fastest knockout. Dux becomes involved with American journalist Janice Kent , who is attempting to investigate the Kumite, but is horrified by its brutality. On the second day of the tournament, Jackson is set up against Li. Although Jackson gains the upper hand, he gloats instead of finishing Li, who brutally beats him, putting him in the hospital. Dux vows that he will avenge Jackson. Kent tries to convince Dux to pull out of the tournament, but he refuses. On the last day of the competition, Dux is cornered by the ACID officers. After defeating the local police, he promises to give himself up once the tournament is over. Dux advances to the tournament final to face Li, who had shocked the audience by killing his previous opponent remorselessly. Dux is a formidable foe, so Li resorts to blinding him with a handful of quicklime. Dux uses his other senses  to overcome the handicap and force Li to shout "matté" , becoming the first Western winner of the Kumite. He then returns to the United States.'] ["Shaolin Mantis  tells the story of Wei Fung , a young scholar recruited by the Emperor to infiltrate a group of rebels in the Tien Clan in order to get evidence of the clan's connection to Ming loyalists, the rebel spy network and anti-Ching activities. If Wei fails in his mission, his own well-connected family will be punished. Wei Fung encounters Tien Chi-Chi , the granddaughter of the leader of the rebel group. When he is hired as Chi-Chi's new instructor he realizes this is his best opportunity to infiltrate the rebel clan. Events become complicated when Chi-Chi begins to fall in love with Wei Fung at the same time that her grandfather's spies discover Wei Fung's true motives for seeking them out. When Chi-Chi learns that Wei Fung is about to be assassinated she pleads for his life. Grandfather Tien , unwilling to cause his granddaughter heartbreak, relents and decides that if Chi-Chi can persuade Wei Fung to marry her and never leave their family's villa, he will be allowed to live. If he refuses he will be killed on the spot. Chi-Chi and Wei Fung are married and begin their life together when Wei Fung receives a message from his family that the Emperor is growing increasingly impatient with his slow progress. His entire family has been arrested and will be executed if his mission is not carried out successfully. Redoubling his efforts, Wei Fung continues his spying and manages to obtain a list containing the names of rebel agents in the spy network. In order to get the list to the Emperor Wei Fung tells Grandfather Tien that he misses his family and wants to return home to visit them with his new bride. Grandfather Tien agrees and tells Wei Fung to go and pack for his return trip home. When Chi-Chi learns that her grandfather has agreed to allow her husband to leave she tearfully reveals that her family is now forced to kill him. In order to save her husband Chi-Chi decides they must sneak out that night under the cover of darkness. As the couple attempts to make their way out of the villa they are confronted by expert fighters among her family. Chi-Chi at firstg defends Wei Fung believing him unable and unskilled to fight. However, Wei Fung is forced to reveal that not only is he also a highly skilled martial arts practitioner, he is a gifted and talented fighter as both he and Chi-Chi manage to defeat all the expert fighters sent to stop them. The couple's only remaining obstacle is grandfather Tien who becomes so enraged that Chi-Chi has decided to leave her family to join Wei Fung that he publicly disowns her for her perceived betrayal. Grandfather Tien snatches Chi-Chi's necklace which Wei Fung has concealed the list of spies within. An intense fight ensues causing Chi-Chi's own mother  to come to her daughter's defense against grandfather Tien. Chi-Chi is inadvertently killed by her grandfather's deadly palm strikes while trying to save Wei Fung. Unable to stand up to grandfather Tien's formidable Shadow Technique style of martial arts, Wei Fung is forced to retreat and make his escape before he is surrounded and his exit cut off. Eluding capture and making his way to a remote spot in the forest, Wei Fung is alone to grieve for the loss of his wife and the failure of his mission. It is during this time that Wei Fung learns a new martial arts style by observing a praying mantis. Realizing that he might be able to develop an appropriate counter move to grandfather Tien's Shadow Technique style, Wei Fung creates the Mantis style. Wei Fung returns to the Tien family villa having successfully mastered Mantis Kung Fu. He challenges and defeats the expert fighters of the Tien family before confronting grandfather Tien for the final time. Wei Fung retrieves Chi-Chi's necklace and reveals to grandfather Tien the list of spies he stole from the Tien safe. Grandfather Tien attempts to get the list back, but is eventually killed by Wei Fung's deadly Mantis strike. Back at the Emperor's court, the Emperor praises Wei Fung and his father for Wei Fung's success in eliminating an entire rebel nest and exposing their spy network. When the Emperor offers up a toast, Wei Fung's father poisons both his and his son's cup of wine. As soon as Wei Fung drinks from the cup, his father proudly proclaims his allegiance to the rebels. A shocked Wei Fung turns to his father who explains that Wei Fung has in fact helped a tyrant kill heroes working to overthrow his diabolical regime. Wei Fung's father dies as soldiers come to protect their emperor before Wei Fung can kill him. The film ends in freeze frame with Wei Fung fighting the emperor's elite royal bodyguards."] ['In the late years of the Qing Dynasty, China experiences turmoil as foreigners usurp and erode the sovereignty. To restore national pride and put on a display of the might of Chinese martial arts, the Empress Dowager Cixi and Governor Li Hongzhang decide to stage a lion dance competition, inviting all interested parties from within the country to participate and compete for the title of "Lion Dance King". Wong Fei-hung, accompanied by his romantic interest 13th Aunt and student Leung Foon, arrive in Beijing to visit his father Wong Kei-ying at the Cantonese Association. At the train station, they meet a Russian diplomat called Tomanovsky, who knew 13th Aunt when they were studying in Britain. He starts vying for her attention and annoys Wong, who is disgusted by the Western custom of kissing a woman\'s hand. When Wong reaches the association, he learns that his father had been attacked by a wealthy rival martial artist called Chiu Tin-bak and his lackey Clubfoot. Fortunately, Wong Kei-ying only sustains minor injuries, and he decides to give his blessing to his son and 13th Aunt when he notices that they have become closer to each other. Prior to the actual competition, all the lion dance troupes that have gathered in Beijing start fighting among themselves and they hold a contest of their own before the actual one. Wong Fei-hung does not participate and instead, spectates. However, unknown to him, Leung Foon and another student have secretly joined the contest out of mischief. They annoy Clubfoot and a short scrimmage between Clubfoot and Leung ensues. Clubfoot\'s legs are crushed when Leung accidentally releases a rampage of horses, and Chiu Tin-bak abandons Clubfoot after seeing he is useless. Wong takes pity on Clubfoot, brings him into his home and nurses him back to health. Clubfoot is initially hostile towards Wong, but becomes touched by the latter\'s kindness and eventually becomes Wong\'s disciple. With the help of a film camera given to her by Tomanovsky, 13th Aunt inadvertently uncovers an attempt on Li Hongzhang\'s life and learns that Tomanovsky is one of the conspirators. She warns Wong and he joins the competition to foil the assassination attempt. In the final round, Wong, together with Leung Foon and Clubfoot, face off dozens of rival lion dancers as they battle their way to reach the top of a scaffolding. Chiu Tin-bak also joins the contest, carrying a large and deadly lion mask, and fights with Wong for the prize, a gold medal. Wong ultimately overcomes Chiu and wins the competition. Meanwhile, Tomanovsky fails to assassinate Li Hongzhang and is shot dead by his fellow Russians, who confirm their suspicions that he is a spy for the Japanese embassy. Wong refuses to accept the gold medal, claiming that his triumph is a Pyrrhic victory, because the contest only leads to more bloodshed, and that every Chinese must play a role to restore national pride. He tosses the medal to Li, turns his back on the governor and walks away.'] ["In 1895, during the late Qing Dynasty, Wong Fei-hung travels by train to Guangzhou to attend a seminar on Western and traditional Chinese medicine. He is accompanied by his romantic interest 13th Aunt and student Leung Foon. He gives a lecture on the benefits of acupuncture while a fellow Chinese doctor helps him translate for the predominantly foreign audience. The seminar is disrupted by the fanatical White Lotus Society - an extreme nationalist cult led by the sinister and seemingly-invincible Priest Kung. The sect aims to drive all foreigners out of Canton and has been killing Westerners and destroying everything regarded alien to Chinese culture. Wong later learns that his translator friend Sun Wen is actually the leader of a group of pro-democratic rebels aiming to topple the Qing government and establish a republic in China. Sun and his friend Lu Hao-tung are heading to Hong Kong to continue with their plans for revolution. Wong decides to assist Sun Wen and the rebels but they encounter a Qing official called General Nap-lan, who stands in their way. Chaos ensue when the White Lotus Society attacks a foreign-language school for children. 13th Aunt brings the students to hide in the British consulate. Nap-lan suspects that the rebels are also hiding in the consulate and he orders his men to disguise themselves as cult members and attack the building. Wong defends the consulate while Sun Wen escapes secretly. Nap-lan then enters the consulate under the pretext of protecting the foreigners from the cult, while using the opportunity to search for Lu Hao-tung. Lu disguises himself as Leung Foon and follows Wong out of the consulate safely, while Leung pretends to be Lu and lures Nap-lan away. To put an end to the White Lotus Society's evil activities, Wong and Lu travel to the sect's headquarters to confront Priest Kung. Wong defeats Kung in a fight and the cult disbands. Wong, Lu and Leung proceed to retrieve a hidden list containing the names of the rebels but run into Nap-lan and his soldiers. Lu is shot by Nap-lan's troops, but he manages to burn the name list to prevent the government from taking it. Wong fights Nap-lan while Leung helps Lu burn the list. Leung almost burns a piece of cloth that wrapped the list, but saves it from the fire. Lu tells Leung to hurry and meet Sun at the pier, but then succumbs to his wounds. Wong and Leung try to escape, but are cornered by Nap-lan. Wong engages Nap-lan once more and kills him. As day breaks, Wong arrives at the pier just as Sun's boat is leaving. He hurls something to Sun, who opens it up to reveal Lu's design of a flag for the Republic of China."] ['Left For Dead is a revenge thriller set in a city called Hope, where a crime lord called Kincaid rules with an iron fist. Williams, a former hitman for Kincaid, is attacked and left for dead when he tries to leave the organisation. He teams up with Kelso, a kickboxer who had his hands smashed by Kincaid, and together they must fight to exact revenge on the criminal empire that holds their city in an iron grasp.'] ["Guns and Talks follows a team of four skilled hitmen who will assassinate anyone for money. However, these are not your normal hitmen. They actually wouldn't kill anyone without a contract, and still ponder why people would ever want someone to be killed."] ['{{Plot}} Ryan Jeffers  is a high school student with a disability, implied to be from an injury. As a result, he spends most of his time reading comic books and imagining other worlds where he might have a great adventure. One day, he stops at his favorite Chinese restaurant, Ming\'s, and visits with the owner . He gives Ryan a manuscript of Tao which is a representation of the five elements that make up their mythology, explaining that the book could lead to Ryan\'s "true enlightenment". Ryan claims he doesn\'t need any "Self Help" books, but takes the manuscript anyway. Later that day, after an "initiation" by the school\'s quarterback, Brad , Ryan awakens in what turns out to be the mythical Land of Tao. In the Land of Tao, Ryan\'s disability is gone, and he has full use of both legs. He\'s attacked by soldiers, and in the process of escaping, Ryan loses his backpack with the manuscript in it. He encounters the dwarf-like Mudlap , who takes him to Elysia , a beautiful girl who takes him to Master Chung  who leads the Warriors of Virtue; five anthropomorphic kangaroos who wield the powers of the elements. They are Lai: Warrior of Wood , Chi: Warrior of Fire , Tsun: Warrior of Earth , and Yee: Warrior of Metal . Yun: Warrior of Water  is no longer with the group. They are interested in finding what they refer to as the "Manuscript of Legend". The evil warlord Komodo  and his army are invading and terrorizing the Land of Tao in his quest for eternal youth by feeding on the special mineral called "zubrium". The Warriors manage to save Ryan from Komodo\'s minion Barbarocious . In order to retrieve the lost manuscript from Komodo, the Warriors join forces once again to invade Komodo\'s fortress. In the course of doing so, they encounter another of Komodo\'s minions, General Grillo . The Warriors of Virtue eventually defeat Komodo in battle when they combine their individual powers after Ryan reads from the Manuscript of Legend\'s inscription "Five is one, Positive Kung. To take a life, you lose a part of yourself." After Komodo\'s defeat, Ryan returns home, just at the point before he is lured into the dangerous "initiation" by the school quarterback.'] ["Fei is a simple fisherman, who still possesses great sword-fighting prowess. He ends up foiling an assassination attempt against 13th Prince and helping him in an attempt to regain the throne from his evil brother. Yuet and Hsien appear as the prince's wife-to-be and aide, while adding their talents to the film's numerous swordplay sequences. The film ending was also a tragic situation."] ['A boxer from Brooklyn with a bad attitude and a fat belly gets beaten up by an old man. Seeking revenge, he returns to a boxing trainer, played by his real-life coach Paddy Carson, asking his coach to get him in shape so he can beat up the old man. His coach, Patty, tells him, “If an old man beats you, then you must not fight him, you must learn from him.” “As always, I was honored to play in a Khmer movie. I am so grateful for all of the email and support that has come to me from Khmer people around the globe,” says Graceffo, who receives countless emails daily. “The actual acting was pretty funny. I play a big out of shape boxer from Brooklyn. It wasn’t much of a stretch. The story is, in a lot of ways, based on my own experience of coming to Cambodia to train. For example, in the beginning of the film, my character doesn’t speak Khmer, and he gets a little sick when his training brothers ask him to eat spiders. By the end, he gets used to all of that and he learns to respect the spirit of Angkorian warrior.”'] ['After an ex-gangster named Wang-jae  is killed by a gang of punks, his four childhood friends come back together for the first time in nearly twenty years. Each of them has gone different ways, Tae-soo a detective, Pil-ho a powerful mobster who once worked with Wang-jae, Seok-hwan  a reformed mobster and his brother Dong-hwan a math teacher. They reminisce about times gone, their mischievous teen years, and a pact they made on a school picnic. Young Wang-jae made a snake tonic and buried the bottle, vowing that twenty years later they would all gather and drink it after they became wealthy men. After the funeral both Tae-su and Seok-hwan deal with their grief by investigating the murder. While on the case Tae-su is attacked by a massive gang of youths, who use baseball bats, hockey sticks, and even yo-yo\'s as weaponry. Tae-su barely escapes with help from Seok-hwan, and the two team up, taking their revenge on the crazies the next day. After hunting the gangs down one by one and beating the tar out of them, they discover that Wang-jae\'s death wasn\'t a random attack but actually planned. After capturing one of the murderers, they find out that Wang-jae was actually targeted by his once good friend Pil-ho who he fell out with during negotiations to turn their city into a tourist district. After giving the murderer protection so he can testify against Pil-ho, the killer killed by an assassin who douses him in gasoline and lights him on fire. Tae-su, realizing there\'s no legal way to take Pil-ho down, faces off with him, but is beaten by his bodyguards, and only left alive out of some sort of pity. At the same time Seok-hwan and his mother and brother are hit by a truck. Seok-hwan survives but his family is dead, killed by Pil-ho\'s men. The two nearly destroyed men meet at the funeral, where Wang-jae\'s widow who is also Pil-ho\'s sister gives them information that they can use to seek their revenge. The two friends, no longer bound by the law, storm Pil-ho\'s fortress during the negotiations for a casino, only armed with a pair of wooden bokken. They fight their way through a sea of cooks with butcher knives, a long hallway lined with bodyguards, a man with a katana and finally four of Pil-ho\'s elite guards with hands and feet. Pil-ho, having bludgeoned the president he was meeting with after being insulted by him, faces the exhausted men, and easily crushes both of them. He stabs Tae-su, ignoring Seok-hwan who binds the katana to his hand with bandages and stabs Pil-ho through the chest, killing him. Tae-su bleeds to death, and Seok-hwan, merely kneels among the carnage they have wrought, uttering only "fuck." The film ends with the young versions of themselves walking back from the School Picnic, talking about their future. They talk about coming back for the snake tonic when they become rich men. "Don\'t worry" one of them says "we won\'t amount to much anyway!"'] ["After a shootout with dozens of assassins, Wong Kom, bodyguard to Chot Petchpantakarn, the wealthiest man in Asia, finds his subject killed. Chaichol, the son and heir to the family fortune, fires the bodyguard and takes it upon himself to find the killers. He's then ambushed, and the rest of the bodyguard team is wiped out. Chaichol, however, comes out of it alive, and finds himself in a Bangkok slum, living with a volunteer car-accident rescue squad and falling in love with tomboyish Pok. Meanwhile, Wong Kom is working to clear his name, and stay ahead of the chief villain and his bumbling gang of henchmen."] [' 12-year-old Dre Parker and his mother Sherry move to Beijing from Detroit after she gets a job transfer. Dre develops a crush on a young violinist, Mei Ying, who reciprocates his attention, but Cheng, a rebellious kung fu prodigy whose family is close to Mei Ying\'s, attempts to keep them apart by beating Dre, and later bullies him at school. After a field trip to the Forbidden City, Dre encounters Cheng and his friends hanging out close to his apartment. Dre tries to pass by without them seeing him. When he finds a bucket of water catching overflow from a steam vent, Dre gets revenge by splashing dirty water over Cheng. Cheng and the others catch Dre and beat him. During the attack, the enigmatic maintenance man of Dre\'s building, Mr. Han, comes to Dre\'s aid, revealing himself as a kung fu master who dispatches Dre\'s tormentors. After Han mends Dre\'s injuries using fire cupping, Dre asks if Mr. Han could teach him kung fu. Han refuses, but meets Cheng\'s teacher, Master Li, to make peace. Li, who teaches his students to show no mercy to their enemies, challenges Dre to a fight with Cheng. When Han declines, Li says they will not be allowed to leave his school unless Dre or Han fights. Han acquiesces, but insists the fight take place at an upcoming tournament, and that Li\'s students leave Dre alone until the tournament. Li agrees, but tells Han that if Dre does not show up during the tournament he will personally bring pain to Han and Dre. Dre is shocked when Han tells him that he will fight in a kung fu tournament. Han promises to teach Dre "real" kung fu. Han begins training Dre, but Dre is frustrated that Han merely has him spend hours taking off his jacket, hanging it up, dropping it and putting it on again. After days of this, Dre refuses to continue until Han demonstrates that the repetitive arm movements were Han\'s method of teaching Dre martial arts techniques, which Dre displays instinctively when prompted by Han\'s mock attacks. Han emphasizes that the movements Dre is learning apply to life in general, and that serenity and maturity, not punches and power, are the true keys to mastering the martial arts. As Dre\'s friendship with Mei Ying continues, Dre persuades Mei Ying to cut school for a day of fun, but when she is nearly late for her violin audition which was preceded in a day without their knowledge, her parents deem him a bad influence and forbid her from spending more time with him. When Dre finds Han drunk, despondent and breaking the car he had in his living room, Dre learns that it is the anniversary of Han\'s wife and son\'s deaths, which occurred when he lost control of the car due to anger caused from an argument he was having with his wife. Dre reminds Han that one of his lessons was in perseverance, and that Han needs to heal from his loss. Han assists Dre in reading a note of apology to Mei Ying\'s father in Chinese; he accepts and promises that he and Mei Ying will attend the tournament to support Dre. At the tournament, the under-confident Dre is slow to achieve parity with his opponents, but soon begins beating them and advances to the semifinals, as does Cheng, who violently finishes off his opponents. Dre comes up against Liang, another of Li\'s students, who is instructed by Li to injure Dre\'s leg. When Liang insists that he can beat Dre, Li sternly tells him that he does not want him beaten, but broken. Although Liang is disqualified for his illegal strikes and insubordination, Dre is badly injured. Despite Han\'s insistence that he has earned respect for his performance, Dre convinces Han to mend his leg by using fire cupping in order to continue. Dre returns to the arena, facing Cheng. Dre delivers impressive blows, but Cheng counters with a strike to Dre\'s injured leg. Dre struggles to get up, and attempts the reflection technique to manipulate Cheng into changing his attack stance. Cheng charges Dre, but Dre flips and catches Cheng with a kick to his head, winning the tournament along with the respect of Cheng and his classmates. Cheng awards Dre the trophy, instead of the presenter and the Fighting Dragon students bow to Mr.Han.'] ['Jake Tyler  has recently moved from Iowa to Orlando, Florida with his mother, Margret , and younger brother, Charlie , to support Charlie\'s shot at a professional tennis career. Jake was a star athlete on the football team at home, but in this new city, he is an outsider with a reputation for being a quick tempered brawler after a video of him on the Internet starting a fight in a football game, because one of his opponents made a rash comment about Jake\'s dead father, circulates around his new school. Making an attempt to fit in, at the invitation of a flirtatious classmate, Baja Miller , Jake goes to a party where he is unwillingly pulled into a fight with the fighting champion at the school, Ryan McCarthy . Originally, Jake does not wish to fight until Ryan taunts him about his father who died while driving drunk with Jake in the car. Unsurprisingly, Jake is defeated in the fight, but a classmate, Max Cooperman , who later becomes one of his best friends introduces himself to Jake and tells him about the sport known as Mixed Martial Arts. He sees a star in Jake and asks that he meet with his mentor, Jean Roqua . It is immediately apparent to Jake that MMA is not street fighting, but rather an art form he wants to master. Roqua agrees to take Jake as a pupil, but under the condition of Jake being unable to fight outside of the gym which Jake agrees to, though knowing he wishes to confront Ryan anyway. Baja attempts to apologize to Jake, but he does not sympathize with her and refuses to forgive her. Baja then confronts Ryan about the fight with Jake and then proceeds to end their relationship. Ryan begins to create a scene before the entire school but Jake steps in to defend Baja. After Ryan insults him again and leaves, Jake attends training with Roqua while still angry about the incident; Roqua asks Jake to leave to "cool off". After he and Max leave the gym Jake gets into a brawl with a group of guys in a Hummer whom Jake easily disposes of while Max films. This video again circulates around the school raising Jake\'s social status but in the process only annoying Ryan. Ryan then proceeds to challenge Jake to compete in the Beatdown, an underground fighting tournament of which Ryan is the reigning champion. After having been banished from the gym by Roqua after his fight is discovered, Jake begs for forgiveness saying his anger is quelled when he is training with Roqua. Roqua agrees to allow Jake to train at his gym again, but does not take it easy on him anymore. He then prepares to compete in the Beatdown. Jake apologizes to Baja for not listening when she first apologized and the two proceed to begin a relationship. While training with Roqua, Jake inquires why he lives in the gym. Jake discovers that Roqua is from Brazil and he is in exile because he believes he is the reason his brother, Joseph the favorite son, was killed and his father had disowned him for this. After being informed that Jake has decided not to compete in the Beatdown, Ryan invites Max to hang out at his house; there he begins to spar with Max before brutally assaulting him and leaving him at Jake\'s door. Jake and Baja take Max to the hospital where Jake decides to fight and when Baja begs him not to, he states that doing nothing has consequences. Before he goes to the tournament, he has a brief argument with Roqua about his decision to fight. Roqua eventually assents and tells him to "control the outcome" of the fight. Jake arrives at the tournament where it is about to begin. After a mix-up where Jake and Ryan almost fight in the first round, they both proceed to make their way through each leg. Jake makes it to the semifinals but was injured in the previous match after taking a kick to the ribs. While Jake is recovering after the match, Baja sees him and tells him that she finally understands that Jake is fighting "so he doesn\'t have to fight again". After learning that Ryan was disqualified in his semifinal match, Jake forfeits, seeing no reason to continue. While he and Baja attempt to leave, Ryan confronts him and the two finally fight outside in the parking lot. Jake is still limited by his ribs, and Ryan at first gains the upper hand, applying a choke on Jake. However, Jake escapes, and, with the entire crowd watching, knocks out Ryan using one of the first combinations Roqua taught him. The next day, a visibly injured Max has been released from the hospital. Jake has won the respect of his fellow students, including Ryan, and Roqua closes the gym with a ticket to Brazil, signaling his intention to reconcile with his father.'] ['{{Plot}} Born Invincible opens with a montage showing a youth learning the techniques of T\'ai chi. A narration explains the rigors of T\'ai chi, and the effects it has on the individuals who learn it. When a person masters T\'ai chi, their body becomes impregnable to any weapon. But a side effect of mastering T\'ai chi is that the person’s hair turns white by age thirty, and their voices attain a high tone. One such T\'ai chi master is the villainous Chief Chin  of the Chin Yin Chi clan. While students of the Lei Ping Kung Fu school go through an early morning training session, they witness two thugs from the Chin Yin Chi clan chase an old man and his daughter over the hill. The thugs start beating the helpless old man, much to the chagrin of his horrified daughter. The lead student, Ming Tu  interrupts the attack and warns the thugs to stop. Some other students get involved along with Ming Tu, and the thugs use some weapons on the students. Ming Tu manages to fight off the duo, but not before one of his fellow students is mortally wounded. The two thugs warn the students that the Chin Yin Chi clan will be back in force to kill them. Ming Tu escorts the old man and his daughter back to the Lei Ping school, where the wise master takes them under his protection. The two leaders of the Chin Yin Chi clan, Chief Chin and Chin Pa  show up at the Lei Ping school, demanding that the master hand over the old man. He refuses and one of his top pupils offers to go and fight for the schools honor. Despite his magnificent martial arts ability, he is no match against the Chin Yin Chi’s top dogs. Realizing the serious predicament they are in, the master himself goes to face the aggressors. Before doing so, he instructs his students to carry on the school’s name, and he selects Ming Tu as his successor, should he not survive the duel. The master and the Chin Yin Chi fighters engage in mortal combat, and soon the wise one is overpowered and killed. The old man, having taken an oath of peace, picks up a sword for the first time in twenty years and leaps into battle. His skills prove very admirable, but he too is taken down by the powerful duo. The students are horrified, and realize they cannot stand up to the invulnerable Chief Chin. The old man’s daughter is shattered. Ming Tu assumes leadership of the school and promises his students that the school will continue as the master intended, with him in charge. He also promises them that together they will take revenge against the Chin Yin Chi clan. Ming Tu comes up with a plan to take Chin Pa out of the equation, since he is not invulnerable like his cohort. So he walks into the Chin Yin Chi shrine and challenges the Chin Pa to a duel. Chin Pa’s weapon of choice is a loaded steel baton with a blade that wounds his opponents. Ming Tu falls victim to this weapon, but escapes from the shrine. This defeat only makes him more determined to beat Chin Pa. Ming Tu begins undergoing even more rigorous training to prepare for the next confrontation. He thinks up a way to counter Chin Pa’s baton—by covering his sword in oil so his opponent can’t get a grip on it. Sure enough, this works, and Ming Tu is finally able to kill Chin Pa. Chief Chin discovers the death of his comrade and goes looking for Ming Tu. Ming seeks additional training before he can face Chief Chin, but is forced into a confrontation with him. Ming cannot defeat the T\'ai chi master, because he has no weak spot. Eventually, Chief Chin beats Ming unmercifully. The next senior pupil of the Wei Ping school, Sa Chien  takes charge since Ming Tu is out of action. He trains hard to beat Chief Chin, but when the inevitable confrontation takes place, Sa Chien cannot get the job done but barely escapes. The master’s daughter  meets an old nun who tells her how to find Chief Chin\'s weak point "when he is not himself". With the aid of the revenge-driven daughter, Sa Chien discovers that Chief Chin has one vulnerable spot after all, but getting him to expose it is near impossible unless he can get him to act other than "himself".'] [' Britt Reid  is the irresponsible, 28-year-old slacker son of widower James Reid , publisher of the Los Angeles newspaper The Daily Sentinel. Britt\'s attitude changes when James is found dead from an allergic reaction to a bee sting. After the funeral, Britt fires the staff aside from his maid, but later re-hires Kato , James\'s mechanic and a skilled martial artist. Britt and Kato get drunk together and, upon agreeing that they both hated James, visit the graveyard to cut the head off James\'s memorial statue. After they succeed, they rescue a nearby couple being mugged. When police mistake Britt and Kato themselves for criminals, Kato evades them in a car chase as he and Britt return to the mansion. Britt convinces Kato they should become crime-fighters who pose as criminals in order to infiltrate real criminals, and to prevent enemies from using innocents against them. Kato develops a car outfitted with several gadgets and weapons, which they call the Black Beauty. Britt plans to capture Benjamin Chudnofsky , a Russian mobster uniting the criminal families of Los Angeles under his command, and whom his father was trying to expose. To get Chudnofsky\'s attention, Britt uses The Daily Sentinel as a vehicle to publish articles about the "high-profile criminal" the Green Hornet. Britt hires Lenore Case , who has a degree in journalism and a minor in criminology, as his assistant and researcher, and uses her unwitting advice to raise the Green Hornet\'s profile. Britt and Kato blow up several of Chudnofsky\'s meth labs, leaving calling cards so Chudnofsky can contact them. Throughout all this, The Daily Sentinel managing editor Mike Axford  fears this single-minded coverage will endanger Britt\'s life, and District Attorney Frank Scanlon  frets over public perception that he cannot stop the Green Hornet. Britt asks Lenore out, but she rebuffs him and instead invites Kato to dinner, making Britt jealous. Kato learns from her that mobsters often offer a peace summit to rivals in order to get close enough to kill them; Britt then tells Kato that Chudnofsky has offered them such a meeting. Kato tries dissuading him, but Britt, feeling overshadowed, follows his instincts. This nearly proves fatal when Chudnofsky tries to kill them. Barely escaping to the mansion, Britt and Kato argue and fight, and Britt fires both Kato and Lenore, whom he believes are in a relationship. Kato receives an email from Chudnofsky on the Hornet\'s calling-card email address, offering $1 million dollars and half of Los Angeles if he kills Britt. Meanwhile, Britt discovers Scanlon is corrupt, learning that he tried to bribe James into downplaying the city\'s level of crime in order to help his career. Scanlon invites Britt to meet in a restaurant, where he reveals he murdered Britt\'s father. Kato arrives, and instead of killing Britt attacks Chudnofsky\'s men, allowing him and Britt, whom Chudnofsky deduces is the real Green Hornet, to escape. At The Daily Sentinel, Britt intends to upload a recording of Scanlon\'s confession onto the Web — and belatedly discovers he did not manage to record it. Chudnofsky and his men, who followed the duo there, engage them in a firefight. Kato ultimately stabs Chudnofsky in the eyes with wood in self-defense and Britt shoots him to death. A SWAT team appears and fires at the Green Hornet and Kato, who use the remains of their nearly demolished Black Beauty to run Scanlon out the 10th-floor window, killing him. The Green Hornet and Kato flee to Lenore\'s house, where she learns their secret identities and that she has been the accidental mastermind behind the Green Hornet\'s plots. Despite being furious, she helps them hide from the police and tends to Britt\'s shoulder gunshot wound. The next morning, Britt promotes Axford to editor-in-chief and stages being shot in the shoulder by Kato, further establishing the Green Hornet as a threat and allowing Britt to get treated by professionals in a hospital. Later, the two weld James\' stolen bust back onto his memorial statue. Now with Lenore to aid them, Britt and Kato vow to continue protecting the law by breaking it.'] ["The film is set after the fall of Sanggyeong, the capital of Balhae in 926. Dongdan Kingdom dispatches the Chucksaldan  to find and kill the last remaining member of the Balhae royal family, exiled prince Jeong Hyun, to prevent the possible reconstruction of Balhae. Prime Minister, Lim Sun Ji, on the other hand, sends a young, talented swordswoman, Yeon So Ha, to find Prince Jeong Hyun first and bring him back safely. Joeng Hyun, however, is reluctant to come and fight for the throne, still bitter about his unfair exile. The rest of the movie follows So Ha and Jeong Hyun's journey as they fight their way back to the capital, fall in love and whether or not Jeong Hyun manages to reconstruct the fallen kingdom of Balhae."] ["After a recent bout of challenges, Billy Lo  and his friend Chin Ku  begin to suspect that someone wants them dead. Billy later visits his younger brother Bobby , who is studying with Billy's former teacher, and leaves him a book on Jeet Kune Do. Chin is soon killed, and Billy goes to Japan to find his stepdaughter, May. May tells him that Chin had visited just before his death, and left a film for her. They are suddenly attacked, however Billy manages to escape with the film. A few days later Billy attends Chin's funeral, where is turned away from viewing the body. A helicopter arrives during the burial and steals the coffin away. Trying to prevent the theft, Billy is carried up with the casket but falls to his death. Bobby Lo is told of Billy's death by their father, who tells him to find a man named Sherman Lan and avenge his brother. Sherman gives him the film, which shows Chin Ku at the Palace of Death. The Palace of Death is run by a crazed martial arts expert by the name of Lewis . Any challenger who fails to defeat Lewis is fed to his pack of lions. Bobby decides to meet Lewis, who is impressed with Bobby's abilities. While investigating the Palace Bobby is attacked by a masked man. He then informs Lewis that someone is trying to kill him. Later that night a woman is sent to Bobby's room to seduce and assassinate him. When she fails one of Lewis' lions attacks Bobby. During the fight the masked man appears and kills Lewis. Suspecting Lewis' valet, Bobby seeks him out at the Fan Yu temple, where the underground Tower of Death is rumored to be. After defeating the valet, Bobby spies the secret entrance into the tower. Battling his way through the tower he eventually confronts the operator, Chin Ku. Chin is actually the head of a global drug trafficking organization, and staged his own death to throw off Interpol investigators. He tried to frame Lewis for his death and arranged for the coffin to be stolen to prevent it from being searched. Realizing the only way to defeat Chin's sword skills is with Billy's Jeet Kune Do, Bobby manages to kill Chin and stop his drug operation."] ['The story of Diamond Dogs concerns a group of American fortune hunters who hire a mercenary called Xander Ronson  to act as their guide and bodyguard, while they search for a priceless Buddhist artifact deep within the Chinese wilderness. They get more than they bargained for, however, as they come face to face with Russian mercenaries also after the artifact.'] ["The story begins in Los Angeles, with a fight between Uncle Tak  and Johnny , destroying Tak's store in the process. Tak loses and tries to escape, but Anna  miraculously comes to save him. Jet  arrives by bus. He takes a taxi driven by a friendly Jamaican man. Three thieves take his rucksack, and he chases them through the streets on foot while they drive. He catches them and they see his fighting skills, and they subsequently beg him to be his master. They take Jet to their home but they meet with a dangerous gang. Jet steps in and defends the buddies, but their home is set on fire. Meanwhile, Johnny and his gang are closing down kung fu schools and making a name for themselves. Jet meets May , and also meets Johnny in a carpark, quickly learning what Johnny's goal is. Unfortunately, Anna and Jet's friends get beaten up, so Jet trains his friends to defend themselves. Jet and his friends go to Tak's store and prepares to deal with Johnny's gang. The three friends put their newly found skills into practice whilst Jet fights the gang. Jet and Johnny fight outside the store until the police step in. Jet and Tak have a final strain on their relationship. Downbeat, Jet decides to take a bus to the airport, intending on returning to Hong Kong. On his way, he is attacked by a dreadlocked man armed with a shotgun out. The man fires, killing the bus driver, as May follows the bus with her car. In the meantime, Tak and the three friends make their way to a rooftop for a final duel with Johnny's gang. After the bus incident, Jet and May go to Tak's store to find a note and a will. They quickly make their way to the rooftop, and Jet makes a surprise attack on Johnny's gang. He again fights with Johnny, while Tak and his friends save Anna from danger. During the fight, Jet and Johnny drop down, smashing a gas pipe. Just as Jet thinks the fight is over, Johnny kicks a switch that, causing them to move to the building edge. Jet grabs a rope and just as he is about to fall to his death, Tak, Anna, May and his three friends save him as the rope breaks."] ['{{plot}} Chicago, Illinois; October 17, 1984 It is late morning in Chicago\'s Uptown neighborhood where a sting operation is beginning to take place. Sergeant Eddie Cusack , and his crack team of Chicago Police detectives are stationed in several positions near the sting location, including Lieutenant Kobas  who is stationed on the rooftops along Sheridan Road, Detectives Brennan  and Music  serving as lookouts, and the alcoholic Detective Cragie , and rookie detective Nick Kopalas  stationed in Graceland Cemetery, with the undercover informant preparing to meet the buyer at the CTA\'s Sheridan Road \'L\' stop. Cusack, and his partner, Dorato  use a garbage truck to patrol the Alley beneath the Red Line watching as the buyer and the informant arrive at the location where the sting is to take place. The carefully orchestrated sting was a basic meet and greet exchange which had been set up by cocaine supplier Victor Comacho . Victor is the younger brother of Luis Comacho , who is the leader of the vicious drug gang known as the Comachos. Everything goes horribly wrong when a rival gang led by mafia drug lord Tony Luna  infiltrates the sting as a crew of painters and mercilessly gun down the attendees to the exchange. After collecting the money and cocaine being exchanged, and all sides taking hits, the aftermath is pretty grim; Cusack\'s informant is dead, Dorato is wounded in the foot, and during the response to the sting, Kopalas is eyewitness as Cragie accidentally guns down a teenager, and, in an attempt to cover his misdeed, plants his backup weapon on the victim. After Kopalas is partnered with Cusack, and Cragie put on a desk until a Department Hearing, Commander Kates  expresses his disgust with the outcome of the sting, whilst Eddie notes that the Comachos are not going to take the hit on their gang lightly. Commander Kates agrees. He releases Eddie with only one warning: "Find who burned the Comachos before they do." After learning that one of his gang members was shot by police, and Victor Comacho survived the raid, Tony Luna prepares to leave town to avoid the conflict. He calls on his brother, Lou Gamiani  to have someone guard his family, and his daughter, Diana . Gamiani expresses his nephew\'s rash decision, and points out that he is putting the entire outfit at risk. Apart from receiving idle threats from the Comachos, breaking in a new partner, and the introduction of the new Prowler police three axle robot, Eddie is slightly shunned by other officers for his refusal to sign a petition to have Cragie pardoned, and he bluntly expresses the truth to Brennan: "If Cragie doesn\'t get off the streets, he\'s gonna kill somebody else, or get somebody killed." After tailing Gamiani to the Lincoln Park Zoo, the detectives witness a tense exchange of words between him and Diana, and Cusack begins piecing the puzzle together to discover who Diana\'s father is. As Cusack and Kopalas stake out the Luna residence on the southwest side, the Comacho funeral procession comes through the neighborhood. Afterwards, they pay a visit to Tony Luna\'s uncle, Felix Scalese ([[Nathan Davis , and try to get him to stop the imminent conflict that is fast approaching. Later that day, they respond to a DOA call in Lincoln Park, where Brennan and Music identify the victim, who had been given a Colombian Necktie, as Tony Luna\'s bag man. Brennan notes another call to Tony Luna\'s restaurant, where the officers found the mutilated owner hanging from a meat hook in the kitchen; and a used car lot run by Tony Luna, that had just been firebombed and the owner burned alive. A vicious gang war has just begun. The next morning, the Comachos, posing as food vendors, brutally gun down every member of the Luna household. Eddie, knowing they will go after Diana and use her as bait to bring Luna out of hiding, tries to get to her. Gamiani retrieves her from her job, and is stabbed to death on the steps of the Chicago Cultural Center. Cusack and Kopalas arrive on the scene. Cusack takes off in hot pursuit after Diana, who is being chased by several Comacho gang members who proceed to surround her in a nearby alley. Cusack catches up with them, surprising them at gunpoint. One of them takes Diana hostage with a knife, and Cusack quickly disarms the three remaining suspects and takes off after them. He follows them to the Randolph/Wells  elevated station and boards an Evanston Express. A standoff ensues, leading to a fight inside, and on the rooftop of the eight car train. As the train begins crossing the Wells Street Bridge, the gang member then jumps into the Chicago River, where he is run over by a speedboat. Cusack then places Diana in a safe house with his old friend Pirelli , a retired Chicago Police officer who was the partner of Cusack\'s father. Afterwards, at the request of Kopalas, he pays him a visit at the local watering hole, where Kopalas reveals that Cragie planted the gun on the teenager at the sting, and does not know how to deal with the hearing the next day. At the hearing, Kopalas decides to go along with Cragie for the sake of his being as a police officer, and Eddie is shunned by the other officers in his unit for his testimony, where it is revealed that the previous year, he had documented a transfer order to have Cragie transferred out of his unit. Hence, the "Code of Silence" is in effect against Cusack, with his only confidant being Detective Dorato. While trying to call and check on Pirelli and Diana, the operator notes that the number had been disconnected. Cusack races to the location to find officers already on the scene. Pirelli has been killed, and Diana missing. He proceeds toward the Comacho hangout and puts out a radio call for backup, but due to the latter events at the hearing, other officers refuse to respond and dispatchers try in vain to find a backup for him. He enters the hangout to find Luis. He fights through the gang members until they get the jump on him. Battered and fatigued, Luis tells Cusack he wants Tony Luna, otherwise Diana dies...slowly. Afterwards, Dorato shows up. He states that Tony Luna was lying low in Wisconsin, and returning to Union Station Chicago that night. Eddie waits outside the station, watching as Luna climbs into Scalese\'s limousine. Scalese expresses his disgust at his nephew for igniting the gang war. The driver notices Cusack following them, and a wild chase ensues through the bowels of Lower Wacker Drive. The chase ends when the limousine strikes a stalled car and overturns onto its roof, and Luna and Scalese are killed in the explosion. With only one way to retrieve Diana, Cusack borrows a police cruiser and returns to police headquarters. He retrieves the Prowler robot, and singlehandedly launches a full scale attack on the Comachos lair in East Chicago, Indiana. Back at headquarters, most of the other detectives berate Cusack for his actions. Kopalas, disgusted by the cops\' behavior and Cragie\'s comment, tells everyone off and confronts Cragie, stating that he will no longer lie for him. He reveals to the squad-room that Cragie planted the gun on the teen he killed, and in the ensuing shove match with Cragie, lifts Cragie\'s pantleg, revealing another pocket-sized pistol in an ankle holster. After pulling the gun out of the holster, Kopalas holds it up to Cragie, asking: "What\'s this for, partner, huh?! Your next f***-up?" Back at the warehouse, now. Using the last of his ammo, Cusack takes down the remaining Comacho members. Luis picks up a pick hammer and prepares to murder Diana, but Cusack shoots him. Wounded, but not dead, Luis slowly enters the bathroom where Diana is bound. He raises the hammer, but Cusack takes the last shot, hitting Luis in the back and killing him. Backup arrives, Cusack places Diana in the care of the CFD ambulance crew. Commander Kates asks will he come in the next day, and Cusack, finally having regained the respect from his fellow officers, agrees, and Dorato gives him squad ride back to the headquarters.'] ["The film begins with Teapot , attempting to rob the dormant homes of a wealthy neighborhood in Hong Kong. When attempting to rob one particular house, he is briefly mistaken for the guest of honor at a surprise birthday party, and is subsequently handed over to the police. The following day, four other petty criminals are apprehended - unruly civil rights leader Curly , car washer Exhaust Pipe  who steals vehicle parts, well-dressed thief Vaseline  who swindles jewelry shops' most expensive watches, and Rookie , a mysterious, and rude, stranger. The quintet unite in prison and promise to make their fortune together in every possible way upon their release. Rookie is the gang's leader, whilst Teapot is bullied by the others . Following their release, they team up with Curly's beautiful sister, Shirley , and form a cleaning company. A sixth convict, the wealthy Jack Tar  is released on the same day. Upon his release, he returns to his mansion, his fleet of expensive vehicles and his dozens of bodyguards. Tar commences work on his next criminal project, trading counterfeit US and Hong Kong currency with another crime boss. When the deal takes place, a brave but careless cop CID 07  attempts to recover the briefcase containing the phony money, but the case somehow ends up in the Five Stars Cleaning Co. van. While none of the workers realize this misfortune, Tar certainly does. Later, Teapot and his friends decide to attend Tar's high-class party, hoping to expand their business with the wealthy guests. Unluckily Tar recognizes Curly instantly, and interrogates him. A battle ensues, where Teapot's kung fu skills are heavily relied on. Finally, another Triad gang, led by Tar's rival, wants the printing plates as well. A climatic fight takes place at a warehouse, where both Tar and his rival, along with their goons, are finally defeated. At the end, Teapot receives a reward and marries Shirley."] ['The movie begins as the two-year term expires, and all the elders of the Wo Shing society are in the process of electing a new chairman, with some last-minute "campaigning" from both Lok  and Big D  a few days prior to the election. After bitter arguments from supporters of both candidates in the likes of Uncle Cocky  and Uncle Monk, Lok is elected as the new chairman. However, Big D is dismayed by the result and proceeds to punish two men responsible for his loss by kidnapping them and rolling them down a hill in boxes, prompting ex-chairman Whistle to ask his lieutenant Four-Eye to hide the dragon head baton, which is a symbol of power for the leader. In the meantime, Chief Superintendent Hui and the police, as well as the police in China arrests all the key figures that include Uncle Teng, Big D, Cocky, Monk and the newly-elected chairman Lok of the Wo Shing in an attempt to avoid infighting within the society. However, during a negotiation attempt in a holding cell, Big D\'s plans of organizing a new triad society are uncovered, which infuriates both Teng & Hui. Meanwhile, a pursuit of the baton ensues in which Kun , who is recovering the baton for Big D catches up with Big Head , who holds the baton and is recovering it for Lok. During the confrontation, Kun severely beats Big Head with a giant log in order for him to hand out the baton when Kun\'s boss informs him that the plan has changed and that Kun is to recover the baton for Lok. The leaders are eventually released on bail and after hours of never-ending pursuit between Kun, Jimmy, and Jet on route, Lok eventually receives the baton from Jimmy thus making his election official. Despite negotiations with Big D after his bail, Lok murders his nemesis with a boulder during a fishing trip with his son, Denny, Big D and D\'s wife after Big D insisted on proposing the idea of two chairmans and the sharing of power between them. As Lok is killing D, D\'s wife witnesses Lok and makes a run for it causing Lok to murder her too by strangling her against a tree with a log. D and his wife are then buried before Lok drives away with Denny, who becomes petrified after witnessing his dad\'s brutality as the movie comes to an end.'] ['{{plot}} Set in Japan during an unspecific year of the Edo period, Ogami Ittō, disgraced former executioner, or Kogi Kaishakunin, to the shogun, wanders the countryside, pushing a baby cart with his 3-year-old son Daigoro inside. A banner hangs off his back. "Ogami: Suiouryo technique" , it says. His services are asked for in a most unexpected way, when an insane woman seizes Daigoro from the cart and proceeds to try to breastfeed the boy. Daigoro at first hesitates, but after stern look from his father, he proceeds to suckle the crazy woman\'s breast. The woman\'s mother then apologizes for her daughter\'s behavior and tries to give Ittō money, but the stoic ronin refuses, saying his son was hungry anyway. As he walks in the rain, he remembers another rainy day several months earlier when his wife, Asami, was slain by three ninjas, ostensibly in revenge for Ittō\'s execution of a boy daimyo, but it was really part of a complicated plot by the shogun\'s inspector Bizen and the "Shadow" Yagyū Clan to frame Ittō for treason and take over the executioner\'s post. Now a wandering assassin for hire, Ittō takes a job from a Chamberlain, to kill a rival and his gang of henchmen, who pose a threat to the chamberlain\'s lord. The chamberlain plans to test Ittō, but a quick slash behind his back with his Dotanuki sword dispatches the chamberlain\'s two men. The targets are in a remote mountain village that is home to hot-spring spa pools. As Ittō pushes the baby cart, and Daigoro observes scenes of nature, such as a mother dog suckling one puppy, and two children singing a song and bouncing a ball, Ittō thinks back again to the time just after his wife was killed. He gave Daigoro a choice between a toy ball or the sword. If the child chose the ball, Ittō would put him to death send him to be with his mother – a better place in his opinion. But the curious child reaches for the sword – he has chosen to take the path of the ronin with his father, to live like demons at the crossroads to hell. Eventually, Ittō reaches the hot-spring village. He finds that the rival chamberlain and his men have hired a band of ronins who have taken over the town and are raping, looting and pillaging. Ittō is forced to give up his sword and take his place as a hostage in the village. The ronins discuss killing Ittō, but then decide to let him live if he will have sex with the town\'s remaining prostitute while they watch. The prostitute refuses to have any part in it, but then she\'s threatened by one of the men, a knife expert, and in order to save the woman, Ittō steps forward and disrobes, saying he will do the men\'s bidding with the woman. The episode takes one more trip back to the past, for the dramatic beheading and blood-spurting scene in which Ittō defeats one of Yagyū Retsudo\'s best swordsman, with the aid of a mirror on Daigoro\'s forehead to reflect the sun into the swordsman\'s eyes. And then there is the big showdown in the village, where it is revealed that the baby cart harbors some secrets – various edged weapons, including a spear-like naginata, which Ittō uses to take out the evil chamberlain\'s men, chopping one off at his ankles, leaving the bloody stumps of his feet still standing on the ground. One of the men has matchlock pistols, but Ittō quickly upturns the baby cart, which is revealed to be armored underneath, and when the gunman\'s pistols are empty, Ittō quickly leaps over the baby cart and brings his blade down on the man\'s forehead, splitting it two. Ittō leaves the village, and the prostitute hopes to follow, but Ittō makes a motion to cut the ropes on the bridge leading to town, to stop her from following, for the journey he is on is one that is for only him and Daigoro to make.'] ["Harlan Banks  is a Robin Hood kind of thief who has always picked his own jobs and tried to pull heists that would leave him room to help out others. The work keeps getting riskier, and at the urging of his girlfriend Jada , Banks has decided to pull one final job, going in with some men who are planning a $20 million robbery. After the heist goes bad, Banks heads to Las Vegas, where Jada wants him to get a real job. On the way to town, Banks and Jada passed a children's hospital displaying a going-out-of-business sign. Banks gets a job driving an armored car for a man, Max . The job is not exactly legitimate, and Bruno , Banks's partner for the job, shoots a security guard, resulting in a chase through the Vegas strip in the armored van. Banks is stopped and sent to prison, where he befriends an inmate known as Ice Cool . With Ice's help, Banks escapes, determined to hunt Max down. Along the way, Banks meets a federal agent named Saunders , and it turns out that Saunders, who is in league with Max, is the man behind the setup. Banks sets out to take down both Saunders and Max with a job."] ['In the Ming Dynasty, there exists a legendary group of four scholars, whose literary and artistic skills are unmatched in China. Out of the four scholars, Tong Pak Fu  is most famous, for having eight wives in addition to his expertise as an artist, poet, and calligrapher. However, Tong\'s eight wives are actually complete gambling addicts, and in general, unappreciative of Tong\'s artistic skills. This leads to Tong\'s quest for a woman who truly understands him and appreciates his strengths. There is also a familial secret within the Tong Family: they have been generations of martial arts masters. The Tong Family has two major enemies: the Evil Scholar, a notorious swordsman known for The Deadly Scholastic Sword , who killed Tong Pak Fu\'s father during a melee, and a love rival of Tong Pak Fu\'s mother, Chissy. Due to these rivalries, Tong Pak Fu is forbidden by his mother to use any form of martial arts. During an outing with the other scholars, Tong stumbles upon the convoy of the House of Wah, an aristocratic family with much political power in the Ming Dynasty government. Tong also meets Chow Heung , one of the four maids in the House of Wah, who is renowned for her legendary beauty. This chance encounter convinces Tong that he has finally found his true love, and he decides to actively woo Chow Heung. On the advice of a boat driver, Tong pretends to be a lowly servant in order to gain employment in the House of Wah. Tong finds life as a servant very difficult, until he is caught helping a friend who sells Tong\'s paintings as a living. This results in Madame Wah  discovering that Tong is actually educated, through an impromptu rap Tong made up on the spot claiming that his life was ruined by Tong Pak Fu. After some persuasion by Chow Heung, Tong is hired as an assistant tutor for Madame Wah\'s two young sons, both of whom are presumed mentally challenged. After the sudden  death of the main tutor of the House of Wah, Tong is hired as the main tutor, and as a result, Tong manages to get closer to Chow Heung. The good times do not last, however, as the House of Wah is suddenly visited by Chancellor Wah\'s political rival, Prince Ning, who has hired the Evil Scholar  as his bodyguard and general counsel. Prince Ning, who is planning a coup, brings a painting by Tong Pak Fu for Chancellor Wah to enjoy, but this is a ruse, as the Prince wants the Evil Scholar to injure and kill members of the Wah Family, especially Chancellor Wah and Madame Wah, an accomplished martial artist. In the subsequent "viewing" of the painting , Madame Wah is injured, and Tong steps in to finish the battle in the House of Wah\'s favor. He succeeds, but the painting is destroyed in the process. Prince Ning seizes the opportunity to blame the House of Wah for insulting him by destroying the painting. To save the House of Wah from being possibly executed by the Emperor, Tong claims that the destroyed painting is actually a counterfeit, and that there is a copy of the genuine painting inside the Wah compounds. Tong leaves with Chow Heung to fetch the painting. However, Chow Heung is fearful of repercussions, as the House of Wah is not allowed to have any of Tong Pak Fu\'s works. While Chow Heung frets, Tong reproduces the painting in record time, and presents the painting to Prince Ning. Embarrassed at being utterly defeated at the hands of a tutor, Prince Ning leaves hastily, vowing revenge. In reproducing the painting, Tong unintentionally reveals his real identity to Madame Wah, who, as the former love rival of Tong\'s mother, is one of the enemies of the Tong Family. In a seemingly polite exchange, Madame Wah and Tong poison each other. Several days after Prince Ning\'s embarrassment, the Evil Scholar returns to annihilate the entire House of Wah. Once again, Madame Wah attempts to defend the family, but is almost killed in the process. Tong appears seconds before Madame Wah and Chow Heung  would be killed by the Evil Scholar. After a fierce battle, Tong kills the Evil Scholar and earns Chow Heung\'s hand in marriage as a reward. Madame Wah puts on a game to test Tong\'s love for Chow Heung, which Tong passes. Tong and Chow Heung eventually marry each other in a ceremony where he discovers, to his dismay, that Chow Heung is just as much a gambling addict as his previous eight wives.'] ['Eddie Yang  is a Hong Kong police officer cooperating with Interpol in the capture of a crime lord named AJ "Snakehead" Staul . Snakehead procures an ancient book from a Chinese bookstore keeper, which tells the story of a boy being chosen every thousand years to bind the two halves of a legendary medallion. In Hong Kong, Eddie and Interpol agent Arthur Watson ([[Lee Evans  lead a raid to capture Snakehead and his men, who are about to kidnap the boy, named Jai . Eddie and the agents fight off Snakehead\'s men, infiltrating the temple containing Jai. Jai is saved but Snakehead eludes them. Two weeks later Snakehead captures Jai aboard a cargo boat in Hong Kong. Eddie and a team of Hong Kong police engage and defeat several of Snakehead\'s men, but Snakehead escapes with Jai to Dublin, Ireland. In Ireland, Eddie is assigned to help Interpol with the investigation, much to Watson\'s chagrin. Eddie is also reunited with his girlfriend, a British agent named Nicole James . By chance Eddie later encounters and apprehends one of Snakehead\'s top men, who confesses Jai is being held in the harbour. Eddie, Watson, and Nicole move to rescue Jai, defeating several Snakehead agents in the process. Eddie and Jai end up trapped inside a container, which is knocked into the water by one of Snakehead\'s men before they can be released. Eddie keeps Jai alive by an inflatable tent, but himself drowns. After being rescued, Jai uses his medallion on Eddie\'s body. In the morgue, Watson is grieving over Eddie\'s body when Eddie suddenly appears beside him. Eddie realizes Jai used the medallion to resurrect him, and his former body vanishes into nothingness. Jai splits the medallion into its two halves, giving one of them to Eddie. Snakehead\'s men appear in the hospital to recapture Jai and during the fight, Eddie discovers the medallion has also granted him superhuman strength and immortality. Nicole looks after Jai but he is captured again by Snakehead. At his castle hideout, Snakehead forces Jai to activate the medallion so he can gain its power, but with only one half of it, Snakehead only gains superhuman strength and remains mortal. To steal the other half, Snakehead and his men attack Watson\'s family. Watson\'s Chinese wife is revealed to be a police operative like him, much to Watson\'s surprise as he kept his job secret from his family. Together they fight off the attack from Snakehead\'s men. Eddie, Watson and Nicole learn the location of Snakehead\'s castle lair and go to finish him once and for all. The operation runs smoothly at first, but Snakehead kills Nicole and becomes immortal. He and Eddie engage in a vicious fight, until Eddie uses the medallion to take away the life it gave, destroying Snakehead. Jai allows Eddie to use the medallion to resurrect Nicole, who also gains super-strength and immortality. The two then run at superhuman speed into the distance as Jai enters another dimension through a portal, frightening Watson.'] ['"Karate master and anti-drug vigilante Chiba returns to his home in Japan, where he holds a press conference announcing his intention to wipe out the nation\'s drug industry. He also offers his services as a bodyguard to anyone who is willing to come forward and provide information about the drug lords\' activities. He is soon approached by a mysterious woman claiming to have important information and asking for Chiba\'s protection. She seems to be legitimate, but is she really what she appears to be?"'] ['In the peaceful Appalachian hills of eastern Kentucky, toxins are being dumped into abandoned mines, causing environmental havoc, but the locals, mindful of their jobs and the power of the mine owners, can do nothing. Environmental Protection Agency CID agent Jack Taggert  is sent to investigate, after a fellow agent is found dead, probably not by accident. The EPA has received an anonymous letter from the town of Jackson, Kentucky, and Taggert goes there undercover to continue his colleague\'s investigations. It is discovered that Hanner Coal Company, owned by Orin Hanner Sr. , is being paid to dump toxic waste into an abandoned coal mine shaft, so Jack is assigned to go to the small town of Jackson, where his cover is that of assistant and volunteer carpenter to a local church. He stays in a room in the church\'s basement, and begins his cover work by repairing the roof at a house where one of the children is sick because of the pollution. He attempts to question the family, but they do not have much to say. He has little better results elsewhere; even the man who tipped off the EPA is decidedly taciturn. While testing the water, Taggert wanders into a local marijuana field, and is accosted by the growers. After disarming them, he tells them that he has no interest in arresting them. The men responsible for the other agent\'s death soon notice Taggert\'s presence. As a newcomer to the small local community, he is threatened by Hanner\'s son Orin, Jr. , the incompetent local tool of the company, the corrupt local Sheriff Lloyd , and several thugs that work for them. The thugs in question start by leaving two rattlesnakes in his dwelling; Taggert responds by capturing the snakes alive and leaving them in the pickup that the thugs were driving, causing them to crash. Soon after, five of them attack him while he is buying supplies, and receive a severe beating as a result. Orin then orders one of his truck drivers to arrange an "accident" by running him off the road, but Taggert escapes alive while the driver is killed. While these conflicts are occurring, Taggert strikes up a relationship with Sarah Kellogg , a young woman who lives in the town. She is regarded as an outcast because of her father\'s murder, a crime of which she was accused but not convicted. Eventually, she agrees to testify against Orin and his people, much to the anger of her brother Earl ([[Stephen Lang , who actually committed the crime. He sets the church on fire, killing the preacher who was helping Taggert in the process, and then attempts to collapse the mine with Taggert inside it. Taggert escapes, but several miners are killed, including Earl. With evidence and a witness, Taggert calls the FBI to take Sarah into protective custody. However, they are revealed to be corrupt, and a firefight ensues. Taggert kills one agent, then sends the second back to Orin with a message that he\'ll be coming for him next. However, when Orin is arrested and charged, he gets off with a slap on the wrist for the environmental violations. Taggert goes back into the town and fights his way past the last of Orin, Jr\'s thugs, then demands the truth from him. Orin agrees to turn state\'s evidence, implicating his father on Racketeering, conspiracy, and murder charges. Taggert goes to Las Vegas to arrest Orin, Sr. Upon hearing about the reception awaiting him in federal prison, Orin produces a gun and resists, but Taggert shoots him in the shoulder and he is taken into custody. Taggert then returns to Jackson, where he is reunited with Sarah.'] [' * Johnny Yong Bosch: Jack Ellis/Hiroki * Daniel Southworth: Yoshi * Pamela Walworth: Lisa Ellis * Jodie Moore: Father * Motoko Nagino: Sakura * Tadahiro Nakamura: Yukio * Panuvat Anthony Nanakornpanom: Haru * Cheryl Toma Sanders: Mother * Sonny Sison: Jiro * Lanie Taylor: Maddy'] ['It\'s every high school baseball team\'s dream to go to the legendary Koshien Stadium Tournament. For the first time in years, Seido High School has a chance&mdash;star player Gorrila Matsui has finally given the team an opportunity to succeed. Most delighted at this prospect is Principal Kocho. His hopes are dashed, however, when the Head teacher reveals to him that the first game will be played against the infamous Gedo High School."Head Teacher" is only ever referred to by this title. This title-in-place-of-name system is standard in the Japanese language Gedo is notorious for its brutal killings during games. They hardly play at all, instead engaging in a form of martial arts combat called "fighting baseball". Their matches erupt into brutal battlefields, Gedo slaughtering its opponents in any way possible, and the competing team vainly struggling for their lives. The Gedo team is almost inhuman in its slaughter, their bizarre weapons and attire coupled with their green-grey skin only increase this reputation. Understandably, Kocho is distressed&mdash;not only at the likely murder of his students, but at yet another chance to win the Koshien Stadium Tournament having been lost. Much to his delight, however, is the appearance of mysterious newcomer Jubeh, played by Tak Sakaguchi. Jubeh rescues Four Eyes , played by Atsushi Itō, from a gang of expelled students, beating Bancho  and catching Kocho\'s eye.Another recurring element in the film is a drunk man, usually seen laughing uproariously at whatever event has just occurred. He is always accompanied by his dog. At the end of the film, it is revealed through narration that the drunk died of alcohol poisoning during the final confrontation between the antagonists and protagonists. He also states that the drunk was "[his] master", implying that the dog has been the narrator of the entire film. Andy Klein of the L.A. City Beat called this the film\'s "best joke". http://www.lacitybeat.com/article.php?id102 He begs and pleads with Jubeh to join the team to help them defeat Gedo, but he steadfastly refuses. During this time Kocho and Jubeh are also confronted by a resurrected Bancho, though his "face changed". Bancho joins the team, explaining that the injuries that prevented him from playing baseball were cured by Jubeh\'s punches. When confronted by Four Eyes, Jubeh reveals why he has stopped playing baseball&ndash;in song. He musically laments his pitching skill, explaining how he became so skilled he was a danger to himself and others. Only his father, his hand confined to an absurdly huge catcher\'s mitt, will allow Jubeh to pitch. He soon regrets this, however, when an accidental ball to the head kills him. Jubeh vows never to pitch again. Despite this sorowful story, Four Eyes insists that Jubeh join the team, explaining his own plight. His mother hates baseball, and would be furious if he were to play. As a result, he must keep his presence on the Seido team a secret. Four Eyes\' sheer love for the game touches Jubeh deeply, and he joins the team. Jubeh gets there in time to hear Gorilla\'s last words.During this speech, the letters that make up the word "Seido" on Gorilla\'s uniform are strewn about to indicate the trauma that he has experienced. Finding a body he believes to be Four Eyes\', Jubeh laments the loss, before realising that it\'s in fact a Gedo trap. The "body" explodes, hurling Jubeh across the field, sending him to an early grave. Jubeh finds himself in a sepia-toned small town street in the afterlife. He sees a man he has not seen for some time&ndash;his father. He convinced Jubeh to embrace his pitching skills, and defeat Gedo once and for all. Jubeh pledges to do so as he watches his father ride off. Returning from the afterlife, he introduces his pitch, dubbed the "Super Tornado". Bancho also returns, again, this time as a child. He too met Jubeh\'s father in the afterlife, and was given his catcher\'s mitt. In the meantime, somehow Four Eyes\' mother has discovered that he was on the baseball team. Keeping him locked up in a cage, she watches over him day & night. Jubeh comes to his rescue, fighting his mother. He confronts her, asking her why she hates baseball so much. She reveals that her husband was killed by a baseball pitcher. All three come to a sudden realization&mdash;They are family. In jubilation, Four Eyes\' mother gives him permission to play. and the sun begins to shine. However, this peace is soon is interrupted by one member of the Gedo team, his head wrapped in bandages. He guns down everyone on the field, firing randomly and hitting everything in sight, including his own teammates. Jubeh manages to escape only through his own dexterity and the gunman\'s limited ammo. Looking around in outrage, Jubeh sheds a tear. As cherry blossoms fall, everyone on the field returns to life, before Jubeh attacks the bandaged gunman, literally knocking the muscles off his bones. Joyously, the crowd celebrates, and the narrator states that they lived happily ever after&mdash;Including the one person on the field that day who wasn\'t resurrected by Jubeh\'s tears.'] ['Nominally set during World War II, the film begins with a Japanese attack on an Allied military camp, which a map reveals to be somewhere in Canada. After four Allied Generals, including one who introduces himself as Abraham Lincoln, are taken hostage by the Japanese troops, Lieutenant Don Wen  is called in to organize a rescue effort (rejected candidates for the job include Roger Moore\'s James Bond, Snake Plissken, [[Rocky Balboa . With promises of a huge reward, Don Wen rounds up a group of misfits for the job, which includes two kilt-wearing soldiers, a hobo , a supposed escape artist , con artist Billy, and the femme fatale Lily , who sports knee-high red leather boots and a bazooka. En route to the Japanese base where the kidnapped Generals are being held , the group encounters two small time crooks, Sammy and Emily , who follow them in hope that they will lead them to a cache of money. As they continue on, Don Wen is seemingly killed in a surprise ambush by spear-wielding tribesmen, and soon the group is captured by a tribe of cannibalistic Amazons led by an effeminate man in a tuxedo. After obliterating the Amazon tribe the group spends the night in a haunted house full of hopping vampires  before reaching their goal. Once there they find the Generals held hostage gone and the base littered with the dead bodies of Japanese soldiers. Before the group can figure out what has happened they are attacked by sword and axe-brandishing Japanese Nazis riding in 1970s-era muscle cars . Here the plot takes a turn for the melodramatic as the group is wiped out one by one by a machine gun , with another killed by a sword in the buttocks. In the end, with only Sammy and Emily left standing, Don Wen arrives and explains that he planned the whole thing from the beginning so that his rescue team and the Japanese soldiers would kill each other off, leaving him alone to collect the reward. Aiming to silence the last witnesses, Don Wen shoots Emily and Sammy is forced to fight him one-on-one. After a long martial arts fight scene Don Wen is defeated as Sammy detonates explosives hidden in the main building, obliterating it. The Generals soon show up and demand to know why they weren\'t rescued earlier, but all Sammy does is dismiss them with the line "I don\'t know any Generals. To me you look like clowns." The film ends with a wounded Sammy and Emily driving off together in a jeep, the Generals chasing after them.'] ["Foh  is a mechanic and part-time racing car driver, playing the Good Samaritan for the police force by helping them to apprehend a dangerous criminal named Cougar  by means of a car chase. The criminal soon breaks free however, and takes revenge on Foh by trashing his business and home and kidnapping his two younger sisters. The only way Foh can free them is by taking part in a race with Cougar a rematch after the criminal's earlier defeat."] ['In 1914, Hero is given the Red Sword  and accepted by Pride as a disciple after passing a test. When he returns home, he discovers that his family had been murdered by foreigners for opposing opium trading. That night, Hero breaks up the foreigners\' party and kills them for revenge. He flees from China after bidding farewell to his love interest, Jade, and sails to America. 16 years later, Hero\'s childhood friend Sheng and Hero\'s son Sword arrive in America. They meet Monk Lohan in China House in Chinatown and hear news about Hero. Lohan tells them of his meeting with Hero while they were on board the ship for America and their experiences as labourers in Steel Bull Canyon. They travel to Jade\'s grave later and Sheng tells Sword of how he and Jade travelled to America 16 years ago in search of Hero, as well as their reunion and the subsequent marriage of Hero and Jade in America. Sheng and Sword meet Hero\'s senior, Shadow, who tells them of their skirmish with some Japanese ninjas and the story behind Sword\'s birth. Sword and his twin sister were born in China House amidst a blaze set by the ninjas. Sword\'s sister was taken away shortly after her birth by a traitor named Bigot and no news have been heard of her since then. Shadow also tells them of Hero\'s encounter with a fortune teller, who told Hero that he was born under the Star of Death and will be condemned to a life of loneliness. Lastly, Shadow tells them of their teacher Pride\'s duel with Invincible in Japan for the rightful possession of the martial arts manual "China Secret". Pride transferred all of his powers to Hero before his death. At China House, the Boss, along with Sword, Shadow and the others, plan to liberate the labourers at Steel Bull Canyon. They disguise themselves as an opera troupe and infiltrate the canyon. They catch the American supervisors off guard with their surprise attack and succeed in freeing the Chinese labourers there. Lohan is killed in action and Sword is threatened at gunpoint by Bigot when he confronted Bigot on the whereabouts of his twin sister. The long-lost Hero appears at the critical moment and joins in the battle, defeating the villains eventually. However, his daughter\'s whereabouts are still unknown. Sword is happy to see his father for the first time after hearing the various stories about his father. However, Hero maintains a cold attitude towards his son and constantly keeps a distance away from him. Hero persistently believes that he was born under the Star of Death and he would lose his loved ones and spend the rest of his life in solitude. Just then, Invincible arrives in America to finish the duel with Pride and since Pride had died, Invincible turns on Hero, Pride\'s successor. Hero and Invincible have a spectacular duel atop the Statue of Liberty and eventually Hero defeats Invincible. Before the film ends, Sword and Sheng prepare to leave America while Hero observes them from a distance.'] ['The film opens with a man getting beaten by his opponent, then after the guy finds out the fight was rigged, decides to fight back. The opponent is dead on the floor, and the first guy is announced as the winner. On his way back to his home, he is killed by another man. Back in the United States, retired boxer Jake Raye  and co-owner of Hal and Jake’s self-defense class receives a call from the Philippines police department. He is told his half-brother Michael is dead, and must pick up the body in Manila. Jake travels to Manila and collects the body, but decides to stay there and find his killer. Jake gets training help from a man named Kwong  and stays with local kickboxer Baby Davies , whom a local Filipino neighbor Angela  has a thing for, and his sister Nancy . Kwong tells Jake about a gladiator-like tournament known as the Red Fist Tournament where only one comes out alive, and his brother’s killer will likely be there. Kwong trains Jake for the tournament and enters him. He manages to win all the fights and proceeds to the final match, where he faces off with Chin Woo . Kwong tells him that Chin Woo is his brother’s killer, and also the fighter who put Baby Davis in a coma. Hal, who has come from California to watch Raye’s final bout, informs Raye that Kwong is the killer after Kwong drugs Raye. Angela comes in with a gun, but dies at the hands of Chin Woo. Woo is defeated by Raye, who sets off after Michael’s true killer. It is revealed that Kwong has a brother, who died at the hands of Michael that fateful night, and Kwong is the one who murdered him. Kwong fights Raye in the same alley where Michael met his fate. Jake is badly wounded, but finishes Kwong and impales him on a fence. Nancy and Jake walk off into the night.'] ["During the Qin Dynasty, general Meng Yi  is tasked to escort Princess Ok-Soo  from Korea to marry the Qin emperor in China. Along the journey, a Korean warrior attempts to seize her back but Meng Yi saves her. Ok-Soo falls in love with Meng Yi and displays her affections for him openly, but Meng keeps his honour by rejecting her and successfully completing his mission. The Qin emperor becomes critically ill later and he sends Meng Yi to find the elixir of immortality, the only thing that can save his life. The guards escorting the elixir are ambushed by rebels on the orders of the treacherous prince and chancellor. Meng Yi hands over the elixir to his deputy Nangong Yan  and dies in the ensuing battle. Although Nangong Yan manages to bring the elixir to the emperor, the prince and chancellor accuse him and Ok-Soo of treason and force them to consume the elixir, condemning them to imprisonment in the Qin emperor's mausoleum for eternity. In the present-day, Jack, an archeologist, is the reincarnation of Meng Yi, as he often dreams about his past life. One day, his friend William  invites him on a quest to find a rare material that can create a field of zero gravity. They travel to a floating tomb of a Dassar king in India, where Jack finds a sword and has a recollection of a duel he had with the king in his past life. William removes a piece of the material and accidentally collapses the zero gravity field holding up the tomb, thereby destroying it. William manages to escape but Jack leaps off a cliff and falls into a river. He loses consciousness and drifts along with the current until he is saved by an Indian girl named Samantha . Later, Samantha brings Jack to see her uncle, a Kalaripayattu guru, who enlightens him about his past and future. Jack succeeds in returning home safely and he delivers the sword to the National Museum of China as a national treasure. His action angered the leader of the secret organisation that has been funding Jack and William's treasure hunt. After extensive research, Jack and William conclude that the anti-gravity material is actually fragments of a meteorite that fell to Earth during the Qin Dynasty. They find the exact location of the Qin emperor's mausoleum, concealed behind a waterfall. The massive tomb contains the strongest fragment of the meteorite, which is powerful enough to make the tomb become a floating palace. Jack meets Ok-Soo and Nangong Yan inside the tomb and they mistake him for Meng Yi. Just then, a group of intruders led by the secret organisation's leader enters the tomb and they attempt to seize the immortality elixir, leading to an aerial fight between both them. William accidentally breaks the balance of the field after removing a piece of the meteorite and causes the tomb to collapse on itself, and dies after drowning in the mercury river. Jack escapes from the collapsing tomb, asking Ok-Soo to come with him, but she refuses after realising that Jack is not Meng Yi,saying that she will wait for real Meng Yi forever because she believes that he exists. Before the film ends, Jack is seen writing a book about his experiences, which he dedicates to William."] ["Li Mu Bai  is an accomplished Wudang swordsman. Long ago, his master was murdered by Jade Fox , a woman who sought to learn Wudang skills. Mu Bai is also a good friend of Yu Shu Lien , a female warrior. Mu Bai and Shu Lien have developed feelings for each other, but they have never acknowledged or acted on them. Mu Bai, intending to give up his warrior life, asks Shu Lien to transport his sword, also referred to as the Green Destiny, to the city of Peking, as a gift for their friend Sir Te . At Sir Te's estate, Shu Lien meets Jen , the daughter of Governor Yu , a visiting Manchu aristocrat. Jen, destined for an arranged marriage and yearning for adventure, seems envious of Shu Lien's warrior lifestyle. One evening, a masked thief sneaks into Sir Te's estate and steals the sword. Mu Bai and Shu Lien trace the theft to Governor Yu's compound and learn that Jade Fox has been posing as Jen's governess for many years. Mu Bai makes the acquaintance of Inspector Tsai , a police investigator from the provinces, and his daughter May ([[Li Li , who have come to Peking in pursuit of Fox. Fox challenges the pair and Sir Te's servant Master Bo  to a showdown that night. Following a protracted battle, the group is on the verge of defeat when Mu Bai arrives and outmaneuvers Fox. Before Mu Bai can kill Fox, the masked thief reappears and partners with Fox to fight. Fox resumes the fight and kills Tsai before fleeing with the thief . After seeing Jen fight Mu Bai, Fox realizes Jen had been secretly studying the Wudang manual and has surpassed her in skill. At night, a desert bandit named Lo  breaks into Jen's bedroom and asks her to leave with him. A flashback reveals that in the past, when Governor Yu and his family were traveling in the western deserts, Lo and his bandits had raided Jen's caravan and kidnapped her. However, Lo and Jen soon fell passionately in love. Lo eventually convinced Jen to return to her family, though not before telling her a legend of a man who jumped off a cliff to make his wishes come true. Because the man's heart was pure, he did not die. Lo came to Peking to persuade Jen not to go through with her arranged marriage. However, Jen refuses to leave with him. Later, Lo interrupts Jen's wedding procession, begging her to come away with him. Nearby, Shu Lien and Mu Bai convince Lo to wait for Jen at Wudan Mountain, where he will be safe from Jen's family, who are furious with him. Jen visits Shu Lien, who tells her that Lo is waiting for her at Wudang Mountain. After an angry dispute, the two women engage in a duel. Wielding the Green Destiny, Jen destroys each weapon that Shu Lien wields until losing to a broken sword held at her neck. When Shu Lien shows mercy and lowers the sword, Jen injures Shu Lien's arm. Mu Bai arrives and pursues Jen into a bamboo forest. Following a duel where Mu Bai regains possession of the Green Destiny, he decides to throw the sword over a waterfall. In pursuit, Jen dives into an adjoining river to retrieve the sword and is then rescued by Fox. Fox puts Jen into a drugged sleep and places her in a cavern; Mu Bai and Shu Lien discover her there. Fox suddenly reappears and attacks the others with poisoned darts. Mu Bai blocks the needles with his sword and avenges his master's death by mortally wounding Fox, only to realize that one of the darts hit him in the neck. Fox dies, confessing that her goal had been to kill Jen, because she was furious that Jen hid the secrets of Wudan from her. As Jen exits to retrieve an ingredient for the antidote for the poisoned dart, Mu Bai prepares to die. With his last breaths, he finally confesses his love for Shu Lien. He dies in her arms as Jen returns, too late to save him. The Green Destiny is returned to Sir Te. Jen later goes to Wudang Mountain and spends one last night with Lo. The next morning, Lo finds Jen standing on a balcony overlooking the edge of the mountain. In an echo of the legend that they spoke about in the desert, she asks him to make a wish. He complies, wishing for them to be together, back in the desert. Jen then leaps over the side of the mountain and into the clouds."] ['Josh Randall is the head of security for the Lucky Dragon casino in Hong Kong. As the movie begins, Randall is visiting Los Angeles to collect $114,000 owed by a rich gambler to his employer, David Pascal . After a few threats and some fighting he collects the debt. He dozes during a jet flight back to Hong Kong and the viewer sees in flash back how he got in a fight in the Casino when he was on leave from the US Army and ended up befriending David’s father, Sam . Josh goes to the casino upon his arrival in Hong Kong and checks in the money. While he’s there David asks him to help terminate one of the Dragon’s dealers who is skimming money. David fires the dealer, telling him he’s lucky he doesn’t have his hands broken for what he’s done. The dealer is humiliated by being forced to walk out of the casino without his pants. Josh isn’t very happy with how David handled the situation, telling him he was too hard on the dealer. After work Josh visits his friend Sam Pascal, David’s father and the Dragon’s original founder. The two share some reminiscences about the old days, and Sam asks Josh what is going on with David and the casino, saying his gut tells him that something is wrong. However, Josh has not been taken into David’s confidence and doesn’t know what to say. Sam invites Josh back later to visit and watch some soccer with himself and David. Picking up some food, Josh heads home to his houseboat out in Hong Kong bay, where he spends a pleasant interlude with his beautiful blonde girlfriend Claire . A couple hours later he returns to the Dragon, just in time to foil an attempted robbery. That evening the 3 men are relaxing at the Pascal home with some beers and watching a soccer game. David tells Sam that a competitor, Stan Ramondi , has an interesting business proposition for a “merger” the elder Pascal should hear. He suggests that the men go to Ramondi’s restaurant and casino after the game. Ramondi is widely known as a mobster and runs a syndicate called Osiris which extorts “protection” money from Hong Kong businesses, but with some misgivings Sam agrees to go. Upon arrival the Pascals and Randall are escorted into Ramondi’s office. Ramondi has much praise for Randall, saying he has heard many good things, and even offers Josh a job. When Randall turns him down Ramondi asks him to wait outside in the casino. Ramondi then gets right down to business, telling Sam Pascal that times are changing and he should bring his business in under the umbrella of Osris. Sam gets angry at this, saying he doesn’t need to procure “protection” from Osiris and that Ramondi’s offer is a joke and “bullshit”. Sam storms out. Out in the casino Randall has run afoul of 2 of Ramondi’s men, one of whom is a huge giant of a man. . They nearly come to blows until Ramondi calls off his goons. On the way home, David tells Sam that they are almost broke due to David’s gambling losses, and that they have no choice but to take Ramondi’s offer. Sam is furious to hear this, telling David that he’d better straighten up and if he doesn’t even though he is Sam’s son he will be “out” of the business. As they return to the Pascal household, David asks Josh to return later, fearing that there may be trouble. Soon after Randall leaves, the mobster’s assassins show up at Sam’s home and wipe out everyone in the family except for Joy , Sam’s wild child daughter. When Randall returns to the Pascal home he finds David and Sam murdered. Knowing that both he and Joy are in deadly danger, he shows up at the “swing” condo where she lives, and almost coerces her into accompanying him, much to her annoyance. Randall decides to go to the police and drops Joy off with Claire at his houseboat. Two police inspectors, Keck and Chen intercept Randall on his way to the station and arrest him. As Keck takes Josh into custody he brutalizes Randall. The police attempt to pin the murder of the David and Sam Pascal on Josh and Keck has him strip searched. Finally due to lack of evidence the cops are forced to let him go. Randall visits the place of business and warehouse of his old Vietnam buddy Leroy Nicely , and obtains a .45 automatic and a Gerber combat knife. Leroy tells him that he has a $100,000 price on his head, to which Josh jokingly replies “Hong Kong or American?” Leroy volunteers to go with Randall like in the old days when they were part of the A teams in Vietnam, but Josh tells him to stay and protect the girls. On the way back to his houseboat Josh sees Keck staking him out and sneaks up on him, returning the beating he had taken earlier. Rounding up Joy and Claire, Josh attempts to run and hide out from the mobster’s men throughout Hong Kong, but this turns out to be difficult for a big blonde American with 2 beautiful women in tow. After a number of Karate battles and shots fired, he drops the girls back off at Leroy’s. Realizing that Ramondi must be a figurehead as there is no way he has the authority and influence to be at the top of Osris, Josh resolves to track down who the real leader is, as that person is the one who ordered the killings. After following some leads Randall finds out that aging and supposedly retired crime lord Simon Koo is the actual head of the Osiris syndicate and also that Koo is secretly Ramondi’s father. Randall returns to the warehouse to find Ramondi’s thugs broke into the warehouse and mortally injured Leroy, kidnapped Joy, and raped and killed Claire. Seriously going on the warpath, Josh dresses up in military uniform to get into Ramondi’s restaurant without being recognized. Once inside he waylays one of Ramodi’s goons and wrings Ramondi’s location out of him, discovering that Joy is being held captive on Ramondi’s private yacht. At the shipyard Randall takes on more of Ramondi’s men and has his life saved by the timely intervention of Inspector Chen who it turns out is part of an international task force against organized crime in Hong Kong. Chen informs Randall that Inspector Keck was arrested and he confessed that he worked for Ramondi. Randall decides to go onto Ramondi’s yacht and rescue Joy and Chen says he can’t let Randall go alone. While overcoming Ramondi’s bodyguards aboard the yacht Chen is wounded, then Randall gets into a savage and difficult battle with Ramondi himself, who like Randall is very skilled in the martial arts. Finally he wins the fight after Ramondi’s neck is accidentally caught in a rope and snapped when he falls. Randall leaves Joy in the care of the Inspector and goes after Koo. Arriving at Koo’s compound, Randall fights his way in. Once inside, he confronts Koo, telling him, “You killed a lot of good people, old man.” Koo replies that he has a place for Randall in his organization, asking Josh if his son Ramondi told him this. Randall tells Koo, “Yes, that’s why I came here… to tell you your son made me an offer… before he died…” Enraged, Koo orders his goliath bodyguard Cam to kill Randall. As the fight begins Cam goads Randall by telling him that he was the one who raped and killed Claire. Randall is nearly beaten in the terrific battle which follows. Finally, after much furniture is broken and many walls smashed, a wooden window frame with a large dagger of broken glass falls on the bodyguard’s neck, cutting his throat. Randall then takes Koo into custody. In the aftermath, Inspector Chen drops off Randall and Joy near the harbor. Chen thanks the two of them for all they did and informs Randall that the key remaining people in the syndicate will be deported, which will finish it. He adds that Simon Koo will be committed to an institution for the insane, the shock of his son’s death apparently being too much for him. He also remarks that he wishes Randall would consider taking a job on the police force. As the Inspector leaves, Joy tells Randall that she would like to get the Lucky Dragon up and running again, and asks him if he thinks she can. Smiling, Randall rhetorically says, “You’re a Pascal aren’t you?” In a voice over as the movie ends, Randall states that the city of Hong Kong lives on borrowed time, the lease is running out and the city will be reverting back to the Chinese “landlords” in 17 years, but as he further muses, Hong Kong’s residents are survivors and whatever happens… Hong Kong will always be - “The place”.'] ["Jimmy Boland  has been sentenced to a California maximum-security prison for a murder that he didn't commit. When he sees some black prison inmates sodomizing his friend, he flies into a rage and kills the gang leader. The prison warden, in an effort to do Jimmy in, transfers him to the black wing of the prison, where he is sure the black prisoners will dispatch him quickly. This looks to be a safe bet, since the gang member Jimmy had killed was a drug supplier to Blue, the leader of the black prison gang. Wheelhead, a white inmate and leader of a group of white supremacists, takes Jimmy under his wing and offers Jimmy support if he joins the gang. Jimmy refuses, preferring to stay neutral. Meanwhile, Jimmy warms up to his cellmate Stark , and Stark invites Jimmy to join a multi-racial group of prisoners who tend the rooftop prison garden. Jimmy has managed to maintain his neutrality, but at a price. Now both Blue and Wheelhead want to see him dead."] ["When Danny unknowingly repossesses the car of a powerful arms merchant, it sets off a chain of violent retaliation. After his friends are killed and his daughter is kidnapped, Danny takes matters into his own hands. It does not matter that the CIA and the FBI are also involved the Dragon's fire is in his fists!"] ['Several years after his brothers\' deaths, David Sloan , the youngest and last of the great Sloan dynasty, struggles to keep the family kickboxing gym afloat. Although his will to compete has waned since the loss of his brothers, financial problems eventually force Sloan to fight again in a new organization run by a crooked promoter . His surprising comeback ultimately attracts the attention of Tong Po who, having been disgraced by Sloan\'s older brothers, seeks to lure their younger sibling back into the ring. But when Sloan announces his retirement after the bout, Po\'s manager Sanga  hires a group of thugs to burn down the gym, injuring Sloan and killing one of his young students. While recovering in the hospital, Sloan is visited by Xian Chow , who trained his brother Kurt in Thailand. Though David initially wants nothing to do with him, he finally relents and allows Xian to nurse him back to health. Meanwhile, one of Sloan\'s most promising students  has secured a championship bout and invites Sloan to watch the fight. However, his slated opponent is unexpectedly replaced by Tong Po, who brutalizes the young man and kills him in the ring. Now with no other recourse, Sloan is forced to accept Po\'s challenge. In a bloody bout reminiscent of the "ancient way" of fighting in Thailand, Sloan exacts his revenge and defeats his rival.'] ['Trouble arrives in town when a cloaked kung-fu expert sets about embarrassing local masters with his exceptional ability. After meeting a humble, unassuming master and his three eager students, the fighter continues his arrogant mission and leaves another few reputations in tatters. The defeated master stumbles away with his pupils, but is left shattered by his complete loss of face. It is this dejected state that persuades his three students to look for revenge against the mysterious wanderer. However, they are well aware of their limitations and decide to split up in the search for worthy masters. The first avenger meets an eccentric Crane style master who easily beats him during a fight. After some persuasion, the master accepts the newcomer and decides to teach him the precise Crane movements. The second meets a bean curd seller and her blind father. An initial misunderstanding is turned into a teaching opportunity when the second student is taught legwork by the high-kicking woman. Finally, the third is given a chance to learn pole-fighting from a fisherman after a failed attempt to steal his fish. This opening animosity also turns into a fruitful teacher/student relationship. Meanwhile the original shamed master is also preparing his skills and, in between drinking bouts, sharpens up his swordplay skills. With each of the four now galvanized by this period of teaching, they are now ready to meet their tormentor.'] ['During the Qing Dynasty, Han Chinese and Manchu people were not allowed to marry each other. The Emperor commands Ko Hung  to kill his wife. However he refuses, and he had to see his wife die and engages in a battle with the Sorcerer Bat . To escape, he also took the infant prince with him. Ko Hung later accidentally kills the prince, however, he then find an infant under a tree whom he adopts and names "Shu Kan". To cover up what he has done, he puts the prince\'s jade on Shu Kan. Over a decade later, the Sorcerer Bat tries to kill Ko and tried to kidnap Shu Kan and pass him as the prince. Ko becomes heavily injured, and Shu Kan  goes to find medicine to heal him where he meets two elderly Taoist priests, Kei Moon  and Tun Kap , who are disciples of the same master , and are always quarreling with each other. There the two teach Shu Kan their martial arts and magic. The Sorcerer Bat tries hard to get rid of the two to get Shu Ken, but later he manages to kill Tun Kap. Kei Moon then tells Shu Kan to enter a competition to obtain the Supreme Command. Shu Kan, using the skills he learned, enters the competition where he goes through many different obstacles before he faces off with the Sorcerer Bat. He eventually kills the Sorcerer Bat winning the competition and brings the supreme command with him. As he returns, he and Kei Moon discover that Tun Kap actually faked her death to fool them to obtain the Supreme Command. The two elders then quarrel again to take the Supreme Command. They then decide who will take it in a game of Rock-paper-scissors. First, they both hit rocks, then papers where Shu Kan hits scissor and beats them both. With the Supreme Command, Shu Kan commands them to stop quarreling.'] ['Hu Te et al. escape the burning Shaolin temple after the Qing soldiers destroyed it in Shaolin Temple. The group of 5 decide to develop secret codes to identify fellow patriots, enlist those patriots and eventually meet up again to escape to the south away from the Qings, and also identify the traitor who sold out Shaolin temple. Ma Fu Yi , joins the Qing top fighters to eliminate the rebels but is exposed by Ma Chao-Tsing who gets captured by Ma Fu Yi. Hu meets up with a group of Shaolin men secretly posing as bandits to rescue Ma as their leader is killed in the process, thus the bandits join the rest of the Shaolin patriots. Suffering continuous defeats at the hands of the Qing kung fu experts, the 5 patriots return to the Shaolin temple ruins to perfect their kung fu and take revenge for their destroyed temple and dead comrades.'] ['Stan Dryer, an unsuccessful-at-life green-belt in karate teenager, is given an ancient ring by an old karate master whom Stan tried to save from impending doom. Stan soon discovers the magical power of the ring when he defeats not one, but five drunk, low-life idiots who want to steal his red convertible. He even discovers that the ring gives him the power to answer any question you may have about the rise and fall of Communism in Russia. Soon Stan starts taking advantage of his power. One day, at lunch, Stan and his friend notice the top jock at school asking his girlfriend why they broke up. Stan and his friend overhear the conversation and Stan\'s friend says something along the lines of, "...it\'d be nice if someone would shove his jock strap in his face..." Stan counters this by saying, "I think I can do better than that." Stan then gets up and asks the top jock\'s girlfriend out. The top jock becomes furious and tries to punch Stan, but Stan grabs his fist in defence. A fight breaks out, and Stan ends up defeating 12 jocks in the process. So Stan meets up with an evil man named Vonn, and also meets a monkey that is actually a reincarnated version of the old man. Stan discovers his powers were in him the whole time and defeats Vonn, gets the girl and is happy.'] ['The film is set in 1970\'s and follows the titular Black Dynamite, a Vietnam veteran and former CIA agent who vows to clean up the streets of drug dealers and gangsters after his younger brother Jimmy is killed by a shady organization. O\'Leary, Black Dynamite\'s former Army and CIA partner, reinstates him into the agency because they do not want him seeking vengeance by himself. While trying to get to the bottom of Jimmy\'s murder, he finds out that his brother was actually working undercover for the CIA. Black Dynamite also discovers the shady organization is filling the black orphanages with heroin. He declares war on local drug dealers and successfully cleans up the streets, earning him the affection of Gloria, a black power activist who works at the local orphanage. After discovering the government\'s involvement in the drug ring, Black Dynamite steals the ledger belonging to corrupt Congressman James which details illegal shipments to a warehouse. Black Dynamite and his team  storm the warehouse to capture a big shipment. They learn of a top secret operation called "Code Kansas", but there are no drugs in the warehouse; only "Anaconda" brand malt liquor, a government-produced brand that, according to the advertising slogan, "Gives You Ooooooo!". In a diner, they decipher the slogan and uncover "Code Kansas" as a plan to literally emasculate African-American men through Anaconda Malt Liquor, which is formulated to "give  a little dick". Returning to the warehouse, Black Dynamite finds O\'Leary is part of the evil plan, but is just following orders. He kills O\'Leary before acquiring his next lead to find the source of the "Code Kansas" plan. Black Dynamite heads to Kung Fu Island, where he discovers that his old nemesis, Fiendish Dr. Wu, is responsible for creating the secret formula found in Anaconda Malt Liquor. In a protracted battle which kills Saheed, the two militants, and Bullhorn, Black Dynamite discovers the true identity of the mastermind of the entire operation - the White House. Black Dynamite then travels to the White House  and confronts President Richard Nixon, who has been giving the orders from the beginning. When Black Dynamite defeats Nixon in a kung-fu battle and threatens to expose Nixon as the subject of a series of bondage and cross dressing photographs, the president begs to be killed but Black Dynamite refuses and has Nixon watch out for his people. The film concludes with a monologue from Black Dynamite on his quest for justice as Gloria and Pat Nixon watch on rapturously.'] ["An invisible woman is kidnapping newborn babies who are destined to be emperors and delivering them to the mysterious subterranean supernatural Evil Master. The police are powerless, and the city must be saved by three very different women who share a terrible past. Anita Mui plays the mild-mannered wife of a police inspector who's also the mask-wearing, sword-slinging and knife-throwing crime fighter, Wonder Woman. Maggie Cheung plays the shotgun-toting, hard-boiled bounty hunter, Thief Catcher. Michelle Yeoh is Invisible Girl, the troubled but determined strong right arm of the Evil Master."] ['Because of genetic modifications, Black Mask has superhuman fighting and healing powers. He is searching for top geneticists around the world who might be able to reverse his modifications, which have blocked his emotions. Elsewhere, someone is augmenting the DNA of top pro-wrestlers with animal genomes, making them stronger and deadlier. The process is causing the wrestlers to become more like animals. Black Mask tries to help the wrestlers, but their boss has plans of his own.'] ['Zhuo Yihang was raised by Taoist Ziyang of the Wudang Sect and groomed to become a young chivalrous swordsman. He is placed in command of a coalition army formed by the eight major martial arts sects, which aims to prevent an evil cult from infiltrating China. During a battle against the cult, Zhuo Yihang meets a young woman called Lian Nichang and falls in love with her. She was an orphan, and was raised by wolves as an infant before being adopted by Ji Wushuang, the Siamese twins who lead the cult. After consummating their romance, Lian Nichang decides to leave the cult and follow Zhuo Yihang in pursuit of an ordinary life away from the jianghu . Lian Nichang succeeds in leaving the cult after suffering great pains. Meanwhile, Zhuo Yihang returns to Wudang and is horrified to see that his fellows have been murdered. The coalition believes that Lian Nichang is responsible and attack her when she arrives to meet Zhuo Yihang. Zhuo Yihang is forced to turn against Lian Nichang, and she morphs into a vicious white-haired killer after feeling that Zhuo had betrayed her love. In anger, Lian Nichang kills all the coalition members present. Suddenly, Ji Wushuang appears and reveals that he/she is actually the one who killed the Wudang people. Zhuo Yihang and Lian Nichang combine efforts to defeat and kill Ji Wushuang. However, even after the victory, Lian Nichang vows never to forgive Zhuo Yihang for betraying her and walks away with Zhuo looking on helplessly.'] ["C.I.A. Agent Sean Davidson  is sent on a new mission. It turns out that the situation is really grave one. Colonel Scott Mulgrew  an anti-American Army officer from Britain has sided with Sheik Maksood  a Muslim militant who is planning to use a suitcase nuke to erase New York from the face of the earth. They also are training a secret Ninja Army in an old British fort. Mulgrew's army captures four commandos from a Delta Unit force run by the African government, and Mulgrew threatens to burn the commandos alive and nuke the Big Apple unless he is paid 50 million dollars. The local Police chief also supports him. Sean and his sidekick Carl are parachuted near the fort. While gathering information from a few local operatives they are pursued by the police. While escaping, they come across Doctor Sarah  a Peace Corps nurse. However in a nearby jungle, the Ninja Army attack them. Sean and Carl fight with the ninjas using their guns, nun chucks, bows and arrows, however they are captured and Sarah, Carl and Sean are imprisoned in the fort and tortured by Mulgrew and a Ninja master. Joe Armstrong , a special forces commando, now working as a teacher, is lured out of retirement and is sent to help Carl and Sean. Meanwhile Mulgrew tries to rape Sarah and it turns out that Mulgrew killed Sarah's father. Now, with the help of some Local rebels known as Sulphur springs, Joe learns Mulgrew's location and equipping himself with Ninjutsu equipment he enters the fort stealthily, killing a few ninjas. Mulgrew decides to execute Sarah, Sean, Carl and the delta force commandos. Joe then attacks and rescues all the commandos and Sean and Carl and Sarah. Meanwhile the local rebels also attack the fort by massacring the opposing police forces. Mulgrew and Maksood's whole army is wiped out and the nuke is defused. As Maksood tries to run away in his helicopter, Carl fires a missile, destroying the helicopter and killing Maksood. The ninja master is killed by Joe and Mulgrew is killed by Sean. Joe shakes hands with the leader of the rebels. He then bids goodbye to Sarah and Sean. The film ends with Joe walking away through the heaps of dead bodies of the Ninjas and the debris of the destroyed fort."] ["Ching Fong-Tin  goes to Russia to steal goods from the Russian soldiers. Unfortunately he is caught and the soldiers make him strip his clothes down to his underwear. They force him to wear a brassiere and the head of a mop as a wig, and he is made to dance for their amusement. However, he makes his escape, grabbing his grenades as he goes, and throws one into the cabin. Fook Loi  catches Ching and lectures him about his crimes. Ching tries to escape, but in the scuffle, he and Fook end up rolling into a snowball. In the final moments after they both got out of the snowball, Fook tries to look for Ching and is taken by surprise when he jumps down from a tree, grabs his clothes and rushes off back to his hometown. Bandits dressed in police uniforms  set fire to a large building. Tsao Cheuk Kin  and his fire team race to the scene and save a fat lady and a blind woman. While the fire rages, the bandits rob the town bank, but the manager manages to alert the townfolk before they can escape and two of the bandits are jailed. With the loss of money stolen by the bandits, Mayor Yi  gives a negative speech. In contrast, Tsao encourages the townfolk and he is given the job of mayor and head of the town's security. Ching and his assistant move from a hotel to his home town, arriving with a car full of women . Ching's ambition is to get money into the town, so his hotel is cleaned up and redressed. A train is due to pass, carrying numerous passengers, including some criminals and some Japanese tourists . In order to bring custom to his hotel, Ching hatches a plan to force the train to stop at the town. He heads towards the railway station on his motorcycle and sidecar, but is chased away by Tsao riding on horseback. Ching swings a tree branch, which knocks Tsao from his horse. Ching takes the horse and rides the rest of the way. As he prepares the dynamite, Ching is discovered, and ends up fighting with Tsao. After winning, Ching continues to wait for the train. As the train travels through the country, passenger Han  sneaks back and forth on roof of the train between his fat wife  and his beautiful mistress. The bandits from the town try to board the train. The first bandit , with his body covered in magnets inadvertenly gets stuck to the train, whilst the second second bandit  using the rope to climb aboard. However, instead of lassooing the train, his rope catches Han, who is forced to hang on for dear life, whilst the bandit runs alongside the train. The remaining bandits struggle with a cart, but finally manage to get on board. When the train reaches the station, Ching blows the dynamite, derailing the train. As Ching had planned, the passengers spend time in his home town awaiting the train's repair. In the hotel, the criminals devise a plan to get into the room housing Han's mistress, posing as Japanese tourists. Unfortunately they don't don't know the language, and are forced to hide when the train captain  and his mistress enter the room. After the train captain goes into the bathroom, the bad guys try to sneak out quietly, but soon have to hide again. Han climbs down the hotel roof, inadvertently scaring the train captain's mistress. The commotion alerts his wife, who accuses him of cheating. To explain the situation, he claims that he is actually an agent spying on the Japanese, and the bad guys use this excuse to come out of hiding. when Ching asks Chito distract Tsao she comes with all sorts of things most of them saying that she loves him. Tsao then tells Chi that he's busy and can't dream with her and leaves. Chi captures up with him and asks him not to go and Tsao swings his hat to the side and takes Chi into his hands and starts snogging her. Tsao then says something that makes Chi want to kiss him more.When Chi wants to kiss him more he signals his helpers to take his place and unfortunately Chi opens her eyes and runs away. Fook Loi returns from Russia and uses Tsao to capture Ching and put him into jail. At night, Siu-Hon  and her group of ladies free Ching and allow him to make up his mind. The rest of the bad guys arrive on horseback, storming the town and capturing the Japanese tourists. After Ching makes up his mind, he comes back to his hometown and free the bandits, plus Fook, Tsao and Siu-Hon. He decides to turf the bad guys out of town, beginning by using a chaingun, and later using martial arts. A huge fight breaks out, until the bad guys are dealt with and Ching and Tsao finally take back the map from the Japanese."] ['Agent John Keller  goes undercover into the tough prison known as Fuego Penal to find out about the corpses of prisoners disappearing without a trace. There he gets involved in a dangerous tournament arranged by a man named Justin Caesar , where the prisoners are forced to fight to death. The tournament has only one rule: There are no rules.'] [" While alone with a prostitute, crime lord Anjo is brutally murdered. As an expert cleaning crew run by Jijii  removes any trace of his body, Anjo's gang and the other crime lords assume he and the prostitute fled town with ¥3 million of the gang's money. Only Kakihara , Anjo's sadomasochistic enforcer, believes Anjo is still alive. Jijii feeds Kakihara rumors that suggest Suzuki , a member of a rival clan, has kidnapped Anjo. Kakihara captures Suzuki and tortures him, but when Suzuki turns out to be innocent, Kakihara slices off the end of his own tongue and offers it to Suzuki's boss  as penance. Jijii, it is revealed, is secretly orchestrating events in order to pit yakuza clans against one another, with the help of Ichi . Though a normally unassuming and cowardly young man, Ichi becomes homicidal and sexually aroused when enraged. Jijii is able to manipulate Ichi's weak personality by implanting several false memories &mdash; a high school rape in particular &mdash; and uses the unstable Ichi as an assassin. Other than killing Anjo, Ichi also kills a pimp who regularly brutalized a prostitute named Sailor that Ichi patronizes. When Sailor attacks him, Ichi kills her as well. Later, Ichi helps a boy named Takeshi by saving him from bullies; Takeshi is the son of Kaneko, one of Kakihara's henchmen. Using Suzuki, Jijii manages to have Kakihara kicked out of the syndicate, but the entire Anjo gang defects with him. When he learns that Anjo was killed by Ichi, Kakihara kidnaps and tortures Kano, a former member of the Anjo gang who is helping Jijii. Kakihara also becomes fascinated by Ichi, imagining him to be someone who can truly fulfill his masochistic urges. Kakihara enlists the help of a pair of corrupt twin police detectives, Jirô and Saburô , to find Myu-Myu, a prostitute connected with Ryu Long, a member of Jijii's gang. Unable to get information from her through torture, Saburô sniffs her to get Long's scent and tracks him down. Though Long attempts to outrun the brothers, he is captured by Kakihara. To turn Ichi into a complete killer, Jijii has Karen, Anjo's woman and Jijii's friend, seduce Ichi by pretending to be the woman in his false memory. When Ichi becomes confused by Karen's claims that she desired for him to rape her, he kills her. Jijii calls Kakihara to let him know Ichi is coming to kill him. Kaneko, Kakihara and Ichi chase each other to a rooftop. Due to Jijii's psychological manipulation, Ichi believes that Kaneko is his brother and confronts him. Kaneko shoots the side of Ichi's leg, causing Ichi to slit Kaneko's throat in front of Takeshi. Takeshi attacks Ichi as he lies on the roof begging for forgiveness. Kakihara realizes Ichi cannot hurt him and inserts skewers into his ears to drown out Ichi's cries. Suddenly he sees that Ichi has chopped off Takeshi's head. Ichi charges Kakihara, embedding one of his razor-bladed boots in the center of his head. Kakihara falls from the roof to his death. However, when Jijii finds him, Kakihara has no wound in his head; he hallucinated Ichi's attack as he jumped to his death while Ichi cried. Years later, Jijii's corpse hangs from a tree in a park. A young man resembling an older Takeshi leaves the park with a group of schoolchildren."] ['The film starts with Huo Yuanjia fighting three Westerners: a British boxer, a Belgian lancer, and a Spanish fencer. Huo defeats all three of them and has a flashback before the next fight with Anno Tanaka from Japan. Huo Yuanjia watches his father Huo Endi teaching students martial arts and wants to participate, but his father is concerned about his asthma and refuses to allow him to practise martial arts. Huo Yuanjia then sees his father in a leitai match with another martial artist named Zhao, who won the match dishonourably by retaliating when Huo Endi showed mercy on the final blow. Huo Yuanjia felt humiliated by his father\'s defeat and vowed to regain his family\'s honour and pride. He practised martial arts secretly behind his father\'s back. As the years passed, Huo Yuanjia defeated several opponents in leitai matches and became one of the most famous martial artists in Tianjin. However, as he became increasingly successful and popular, he also became more arrogant and ruthless towards his opponents. His late father, however, advocated the practice of showing mercy and not doing any serious physical harm to opponents.  When a rival martial arts master named Qin Lei injures one of his followers, Huo feels insulted and confronts Qin at the latter\'s birthday party. The confrontation escalates into a fight between Huo and Qin, in which Huo emerges as the victor by killing Qin with a fatal blow to the chest. However, Qin\'s godson seeks vengeance on Huo and kills Huo\'s mother and daughter in revenge. Guided by fury, Huo goes to Qin\'s house and Qin\'s godson admits to the murders before killing himself. Later, Huo learns that it was his follower who had provoked Qin earlier, which resulted in his beating from Qin. Overwhelmed with grief and shame, Huo flees Tianjin and wanders aimlessly for many miles. A dishevelled, greying wanderer, he nearly drowns in a river, but is saved by Granny Sun and her blind granddaughter Yueci. They bring him back to their village and Huo, guided by their simple acts of kindness, begins to learn the value of kindness and mercy. In 1907, Huo returns to Tianjin and sees the changes that have taken place in his absence. He apologises to the family of Qin and reconciles with his businessman friend, Nong Jinsun, whom he offended earlier. He challenges the American wrestler, Hercules O\'Brien, who had been making headlines by defeating Chinese martial artists and calling the Chinese "weak men of the East", and defeats O\'Brien. He saves O\'Brien from being impaled by some nails on the side of the ring that had become exposed during the fight and wins the appreciation of O\'Brien, who names Huo the victor. Huo\'s fame begins to spread with successive challenges with other foreign fighters. In 1909, with funding from Nong Jinsun, he founds Chin Woo Athletic Association in Shanghai. The members of the foreign chamber of commerce fear that Huo\'s victories might fan anti-foreign sentiments in the Chinese people and thus become a disadvantage to them. They propose a match between Huo and four foreign champions. Huo takes up the challenge, even though it is an unfair one. Before the matches, Huo meets the Japanese champion Tanaka for tea and strikes up a friendship with him. Back to September 14, 1910, Huo faces Tanaka in a titanic battle. In the first round, they fight with their weapons of choice. Huo uses a three-section staff and Tanaka uses a katana. The first round is a draw. Before the next round, Huo drinks from a teacup containing poison, which had replaced his original teacup. In the second round involving unarmed combat, Huo suddenly has difficulty in breathing and loses his strength. He collapses and starts coughing blood, dying from arsenic poisoning. Tanaka and Huo\'s supporters immediately demand that the match be halted and postponed, but Huo replies that he wants it to continue since he is going to die soon. Huo is dominated by Tanaka but he manages to deliver a blow to Tanaka\'s chest, similar to the one he used on Qin. Huo could have killed Tanaka with that blow but he refrained from doing so and collapsed. Tanaka declares Huo the victor moments before Huo\'s death. A scene then shows Huo\'s ghost training in the field and Yueci runs towards him. The film ends as Huo smiles at her.'] ['The musical depicts the history of the Communist Party of China under Mao Zedong from its founding in July 1921 to the establishment of "New China" in 1949. Detailed in the musical are several key events in CPC history such as the Northern Expedition , the KMT-led Shanghai massacre of 1927, the Nanchang Uprising and formation of the People\'s Liberation Army, the Long March, guerrilla warfare of the PLA during the Second United Front , the subsequent coup de grâce delivered to the Nationalist Republic of China administration of Mainland China by the PLA in the decisive phase of the Chinese Civil War, and the founding of the PRC on October 1, 1949. Singers in the film include Wang Kun, Tseten Dolma, Hu Song Hua and Guo Lanying.'] ["The insidious Masked Gang of hired killers have been terrorizing the countryside, with their mastery of the trident and an inherent brutality, raping and pillaging. But who are the men behind the mask, and what are the identities of the three chiefs in the gold masks? Chiang Sheng stars as Chi San Yuen, a martial arts expert and leader of a protective escort service of other expert fighters. Chi and his team are hired to find the Masked Gang and end their reign of terror. Along the way Chi's team encounter Kao Yao  who was a former chief of the Masked Gang until he left the gang. He assists Chi's team in their struggle against the Masked Gang and helps to reveal that the his replacement in the gang has already infiltrated Chi's group. The final confrontation between the Masked Gang and Chi's team of fighters lead to an all out battle at the Masked Gang's secret lair."] ['The film is set during the transition period between the Sui Dynasty and the Tang Dynasty. It opens with various shots of the Shaolin Temple, including the wall paintings, the many beautiful trees, gardens, shrines, gates, and statues of Buddha and the Gods. The temple bells toll as the monks kneel in the pillared inner sanctum and bow before the great altar of the Golden Buddha, before which sits the Abbot of Shaolin. A shaven-headed, blue-robed novice  stands with his palms pressed together and his head bowed. He is about to be accepted into the Shaolin Temple. The Abbot speaks to him of ceremony, purification, and learning to respect one\'s self and others. Then the Abbot asks for his name. "Jue Yuan", he answers. The Abbot tells him that to be accepted into the Shaolin Temple, he must vow to not commit murder. He asks if he can obey this, but Jue Yuan is silent, staring downward. The Abbot repeats the question, and Jue Yuan slowly raises his eyes, gazing intensely at him. The Abbot asks the question a third time... The film flashes back to the warlord and deadly fighter Wang Shichong killing an old man with a throat lock and throwing him off a high brick wall into a muddy river, then abusively ordering the rest of his slaves back to work. They\'re at a labor camp by the great river, toiling in the mud among corpses that hang from gallows as the soldiers whip them. It is during the rebellions at the end of the Sui Dynasty, when China became divided between various factions. Wang Shichong, who ruled from Luoyang, has treacherously installed himself as Emperor of the East Capitol, and is overseeing the bolstering of his riverfront defenses against the rival warlords on the opposite bank. They are near the Shaolin Temple. He forces even the old, crippled, and sick to work, but still the work isn\'t progressing fast enough for him. He orders an officer to bring all his prisoners, who are opposing rebels, to join the slaves. These rebels include an older kung fu master, famous for his kicking skill, and his long-haired son, Jue Yuan. The soldiers whip the slaves, and one old slave collapses and drops a wooden beam, which causes an officer\'s horse to rear and throw the officer. The officer begins to beat the slave to death, but Jue Yuan\'s father attacks him, though his ankles and wrists are chained together. The officer proves to be a kung fu fighter, and they fight, but Jue Yuan\'s father still manages to defeat him. This draws the attention of the Emperor, who attacks Jue Yuan\'s father himself and rips his throat out with his bare hand. Jue Yuan rushes in and unleashes the kicking skills that his father taught him, scattering the guards and fighting the officers, but then the Emperor beats him up and deals him a deadly Dim Mak palm strike to the chest. Jue Yuan is thrown into the river, and he manages to swim away and escape. He staggers through the wild, dying of his wounds, but finally he manages to reach the Shaolin Temple. The Sifu  is teaching the monks staff kung fu when Jue Yuan arrives and falls unconscious. Throngs of refugees from the war-torn countryside are flocking to the Shaolin Temple every day. The Abbot proclaims that it is their holy duty as Buddhist monks to pray for the refugees and do all they can to help them. They nurse Jue Yuan back to health. When he has recovered, he joins them in carrying water from the river to the Temple, which they use as kung fu conditioning. He struggles, but is helped by a beautiful girl named Bai Wu Xia , who sings and herds rams in the beautiful wildlife-filled forested hills that surround the Shaolin Temple. Jue Yuan spies on the monks\' kung fu training and gets himself into various other comedic misadventures around the Shaolin Temple, befriending the light-hearted, fun-loving, mischievous Sifu and his equally mischievous kung fu students in the process. One night they all sneak out to eat and party around a fire in the woods. There he learns more about the Sifu and his former family in the North. He learns that the Sifu is Bai Wu Xia\'s father, that she was one of the main ones who nursed him back to health, and that she is skilled at kung fu. The Sifu says that nine years ago, he and his wife were being chased by the Emperor and his soldiers, and he left his wife with a farmer to hide while he fled on, eventually hiding in the Shaolin Temple. The farmer, who had no children, raped the woman, and it is implied that he also murdered her. Bai Wu Xia\'s whereabouts during these events are not made clear. Jue Yuan declares that he will kill the Emperor, and he asks the Sifu to train him in his Northern Shaolin kung fu. The Sifu tells him that Shaolin kung fu is for defense, not killing, and besides, Jue Yuan isn\'t a monk. Jue Yuan drops to his knees, presses his palms together, and says that he wants to become a monk. Jue Yuan’s head is shaven, and he bows before the Abbot of Shaolin on the great altar of the golden Buddha. The assembled monks sing mystic hymns, ring bells, and strike gongs. A mosquito bites Jue Yuan as he kneels there, and he kills it, but the Abbot blesses and accepts him, and he is ordained as a junior monk. Jue Yuan joins his fellow monks in Northern Shaolin kung fu training. After a time of at least several months he has gained impressive fighting abilities, but while sparring, his enemy flashes with the visage of the Emperor in his mind, and he almost kills his partner. He is banned from practicing kung fu. His emotions flare quickly out of control, and he runs away from the Shaolin Temple. Jue Yuan attempts to assassinate the Emperor, but fails and is forced to flee. Ashamed, he returns to the Shaolin Temple. His Sifu admonishes him, but welcomes him home and allows him to resume his Northern Shaolin kung fu training. Jue Yuan trains for at least another year, as seen in a ‘four seasons’ training sequence, and becomes highly adept at Northern Shaolin kung fu. Then another refugee comes fleeing to Shaolin, this one pursued by the Emperor and his men. This refugee is Li Shimin, son of a great leader who founded the Tang Dynasty, Li Yuan. The Shaolin monks keep peace with the Emperor and his men, and make a show of helping them hunt for Li Shimin. But Jue Yuan helps Li Shimin escape through the mountains, and Jue Yuan and Li Shimin end up hiding together in an abandoned ancient mountainous cave temple with many giant statues of Buddha and the Gods. Bai Wu Xia stealthily brings them food and water. Li Shimin must escape, though, so Jue Yuan and Bai Wu Xia help him, sneaking and bribing their way past the Emperor’s patrols in disguise. Throughout this time, a forbidden romance builds between Jue Yuan and Bai Wu Xia. But they fail in their clean escape, and Li Shimin and Bai Wu Xia flee on a raft down a river, Li Shimin with an arrow in his leg, while Jue Yuan sacrifices himself to slow down the Emperor’s outriders. However, his Sifu from Shaolin and a group of Shaolin warrior monks come to his aid and massacre the outriders. They save Jue Yuan’s life, but his Sifu excommunicates him from Shaolin for his acts and banishes him. He desperately follows them back to the Shaolin Temple anyway, but they throw him out and drive him away. The Emperor learns what the Shaolin monks did, and marches on the Shaolin Temple with his army to destroy it. Jue Yuan comes back yet again, and this time his Sifu sends him away along with Ba Wu Xia, to take her to safety and never return. The Abbot of Shaolin orders the monks not to fight, even while the Emperor’s army surrounds the Shaolin Temple. The Abbot treats with the Emperor. He appeals that the Temple has a very long history, and a crime should not merit the destruction of the buildings, or any of the monks. As the Abbot, he accepts the blame. The Emperor has him placed on a great pyre, which is set aflame. He tells the monks that if they reveal the traitors’ whereabouts, he’ll spare the Temple and the Abbot’s life. When no one talks, he has his men kill several of the other top monks, and threatens that if no one talks, they’ll all be killed. Then the Sifu and the warrior monks reveal themselves. The Sifu cries that they must fight. The Abbot, as he is immersed in fire, tells the Sifu to release the souls of the Emperor and his men and send them to Heaven. And so the battle is joined. Many monks are killed. Jue Yuan and Ba Wu Xia return to the embattled Shaolin Temple. The Emperor’s army takes the outer walls and outer grounds, and kills all the monks therein. The surviving monks fall back within the inner walls. The Sifu is shot full of arrows. He entreats Jue Yuan to protect Shaolin and uphold justice, and dies. The Emperor and his men break open the inner gate with a battering ram, and they’re about to massacre the rest of the monks, but then the Emperor receives word that Li Shimin and his army are approaching his own East Capital, and they abandon the siege of the Shaolin Temple and ride for the East Capital with all speed. Jue Yuan and the warrior monks ride after the Emperor and his men and join the battle at the ravaged East Capital, at the very site where the Emperor killed Jue Yuan’s father. Jue Yuan and the Emperor duel with swords and empty hands and feet on the shores of the great river. Their battle climbs up a great wooden structure, falls off the top into the river, and returns to the shore. Finally Jue Yuan uses his Northern Shaolin kung fu to kill the Emperor, and the battle for the East Capital is won. The film returns to its beginning, with Jue Yuan in the sanctum of the Shaolin Temple, kneeling before the high altar, as the new Abbot asks him if he can obey the vow to do no murder. Jue Yuan vows that he shall not kill save to uphold righteousness, and the Abbot accepts this. Jue Yuan continues to swear his vows, but when he reaches the vow of celibacy, he is again conflicted. He opens his folded palms to look at a jade amulet. He flashes back again. He and Bai Wu Xia kneel and bow before the shrine of the fallen previous Abbot, to whom they have offered many baskets of fruit and other foods. Jue Yuan speaks aloud to the Abbot of how he is determined to enter Buddha. Bai Wu Xia gazes at him with tears in her eyes, knowing what this means. Jue Yuan vows to defend Shaolin and uphold justice, quoting the last words of his fallen Sifu, Bai Wu Xia’s father. Bai Wu Xia gives him the jade amulet, a token of her love, and departs. Now, in the present, he looks up from the jade amulet to see Bai Wu Xia, who has snuck into the side wing of the sanctum and is staring at him from behind a great pillar. He hesitates, then vows to remain celibate, and she leaves. The great bell of Shaolin tolls, and the gongs and drums are beaten as Jue Yuan is ordained as a true monk of Shaolin. The film’s closing scene is of Jue Yuan, now the new kung fu Sifu of the Shaolin Temple, leading the monks in their training.'] ['The film follows embattled pit fighter Eddie Castillo  who is released from jail swearing to never enter the pit fighting ring again. However, after his brother is killed in the ring by a vicious new fighter , Eddie goes on a quest for revenge. His journey takes him through the depths of the underground pit fighting circuit, where there are those like Lucky  that try and help him; while others, such as the nefarious Argento  will stop at nothing to see Eddie fail.'] ["Brandon Ma  is a regular guy with a job and a girlfriend May . He has two jobs, so he can support his girlfriend and his dream of owning a motorcycle. Brandon's best friend is Michael Wan ([[Michael Wong , an ambitious and murderous drug dealer. How Brandon and Michael ever became friends is the biggest mystery ever. In any case, Michael also loves May and so he comes up with a plan that will win her for him and get Brandon out of his way. Soon he comes up with a plan using a corrupt police officer named Sharky.  It seems that the corrupt cop has been using his police connections to dominate the local cocaine trade, so Michael has him killed and uses Brandon as the fall guy. Brandon goes to jail and met Hoi , though he thinks that he will be released soon thanks to the efforts of his good buddy Michael. However after 8 long years Brandon finally gets out of jail and vows revenge on Michael for betraying their friendship and stealing the love of his life. Whilst out of prison he learns that May has had his son. With the help of an inmate he met in prison, Brandon tracks down Michael. Whilst engaging his guards he learns that May is dead. After killing Michael's guards, Brandon confronts and kills his former friend Michael. The movie ends with Brandon giving his farewells to his friend  and leaving with his son."] ["Hired killer 'Minute Fong' is so-called throughout the kung-fu world for his ability to beat an opponent in under a minute. With such an effective technique, Fong naturally gains an unnerving reputation throughout China. The killer is beginning to rethink the actions of his life though and sees the next few jobs as definitely being his last. After his girlfriend commits suicide he finds his priorities in life changing even though his employers promise him rich rewards for obedience. Fong agrees to take one final assignment; to kill a man named Lai in a specified town. The obvious catch is that the town is inhabited by scores of men with this name and therefore the assassin must carefully search out his target. While staying in the designated location, Fong befriends a local boy who proves to be a mischievous, yet good-hearted younster who is merely looking for a father figure. Over time, the supreme fighter agrees to teach the boy kung-fu so that he can defend himself and the rest of his family. As the master-student bond develops, so does the friendship between Fong and the youngster's mother and grandfather. Fully immersed in this ordinary life, the killer forgets his assignment, but is quickly reminded of it when he discovers who Lai really is. Now Minute Fong must decide whether his loyalty lies with his new friends or his ruthless employers."] ['{{Plot}} In 2039, after World War III have destroyed the civilization, territories are now run corporatively by megacorporations; the mightiest of which is the Tekken Corporation, which controls North America. In order to placate the seething masses of this dystopia, the corporation\'s Chairman/CEO, Heihachi Mishima, sponsors the King of Iron Fist Tournament, or Iron Fist - in which fighters battle until one is left standing, who in turn will receive a lifetime of stardom and wealth. Jin Kazama has been raised in relative peace by his mother, Jun. She has trained him in many styles of martial arts and has been very much a mentor to him, yet mysteriously never speaks of Jin\'s father, simply claiming he is dead. Now a rebellious teenage street fighter and contraband runner, Jin witnesses the death of Jun during Tekken\'s crackdown on insurgents in Tekken City\'s slum area outside the city walls, referred to as the Anvil. Grieving the loss of his beloved mother and feeling guilty that he had not been there to protect her, Jin swears revenge against Heihachi. In the ruins of his former home, he finds a Tekken Fighter I.D. belonging to Jun among his late mother\'s belongings. Intrigued, he sets off to the Open Call, which allow the masses in the Anvil to pick a fighter for the tournament. After defeating the disgraced fighter Marshall Law, Jin gains sponsorship from former boxer Steve Fox and is hailed by the masses as "The People\'s Choice". Upon entering the heart of Tekken City, Jin meets and befriends mixed martial artist Christie Monteiro. After witnessing former intelligence agent Raven overpower Capoeira fighter Eddie Gordo in the very first match, Jin wins his match against Miguel Caballero Rojo, nearly killing him in a fit of rage. Heihachi\'s son and right-hand man, Kazuya Mishima, is impressed and offers Jin a place in Tekken Corp., but Jin flatly refuses. Later that night, after sneaking out with Christie and visiting a nightclub where they flirt and bond, Jin is attacked by the assassin sisters Anna and Nina Williams, who are acting on the orders of Kazuya, who is scheming to take over Tekken Corp and now sees Jin as a possible obstacle. Jin survives the assassination attempt, thanks to Christie\'s interference. Steve and Christie both attempt to dissuade Jin from continuing in the tournament, as his life is in danger. Against their wishes, Jin vows to win Iron Fist and kill Heihachi. Meanwhile, Kazuya blackmails the tournament\'s current champion Bryan Fury into killing Jin in a match or be exposed as a part cyborg, effectively banning him from the tournament for life. During the quarter-finals, Jin is matched up against the mysterious swordsman Yoshimitsu. Heihachi, taking a shine to this young fighter, deems that this match be reserved for the semi-finals and attempts to change the order. He is stopped by Kazuya, who has gained control of the Jackhammers, or Jacks . Kazuya then has Heihachi imprisoned and orders the match to begin, effectively seizing control of Tekken. Jin narrowly defeats Yoshimitsu, thanks to Heihachi tripping a security alert in the arena. Following the match, Kazuya orders all of the fighters to be detained. He later tells the imprisoned fighters that the rules have changed, wherein they must fight to the death in order to advance. Jin, Christie, and Steve launch an escape along with Raven and Heihachi. Unfortunately Raven is wounded and recaptured, but the rest make it out to the Anvil. In the Anvil, Heihachi reveals to Jin the true nature of his origin, explaining that many years ago, Jun was fighting on the Iron Fist, and she impressed Kazuya, who raped Jun and attempted to kill her, effectively making Kazuya Jin\'s long-lost father. She survived Kazuya\'s assault, but Heihachi found her first and took her out of Tekken City in the Anvil to keep her alive. Heihachi also states that now Jin, being directly Heihachi\'s grandson, could potentially become the next Chairman of Tekken Corporation and that the corporation\'s true purpose is to restore order to the chaos-ridden world and help the people rise again, though Jin expresses disagreement and emanates distrust upon being told this. Heihachi entrusts Jin with the task of defeating Kazuya, but soon after, he and his party are located by Jacks and engage in a quick firefight that results in the death of Steve, and the recapture of the rest. Before taking Jin and Christie back to Iron Fist, Kazuya orders the Jacks to execute Heihachi. Back in the tournament, an injured and dispirited Jin is forced to fight against Bryan, who had beaten and killed Sergei Dragunov in his last fight, in the finals while Kazuya holds Christie captive in the control room. At first he is outmatched, but inspired by memories of his mother and her teachings, Jin triumphs after a bloody struggle and kills the cyborg. Angered, Kazuya enters the tournament himself, armed with two half moon axes in hand, and begins the final match. The weaponless Jin is battered and seems on the brink of losing, but is saved when Christie escapes, shooting the Jacks guarding her and creating a distraction. This allows Jin to wound and pin down Kazuya, who baits Jin by claiming that he remembers Jun and how "she put up quite a fight". Kazuya taunts him into inheriting the Mishima Curse , but Jin refrains from killing his father, stating that he is a Kazama, not a Mishima. Christie comes down to the stage and declares Jin the new Champion of Tekken & "The People\'s Champion". Elated, the crowd both in and outside the arena cheer for him. When Christie asks where he will go, he replies that he will go back home to the Anvil. He walks out of Tekken City\'s gate and, in a scene reminiscent of Tekken 5, he is saluted by the Jacks - symbolizing his role as the new CEO of Tekken Corp. Jin walks the streets of the Anvil, a crowd follows him. A voiceover from Christie explains that Jin\'s victory made the Kazama family name synonymous with hope amongst his people in the Anvil, but that the true legacy of Tekken is only beginning. At the end of credits scene, a wounded Kazuya walks by the holding cells back at the arena, as the scene shifts back to Heihachi\'s execution. A Jack is forcing Heihachi to kneel at gunpoint. His final words are: "I am Mishima Heihachi. I...am...Tekken. You will obey." The Jack does so and Heihachi lives, ready to take back Tekken.'] ["Kwon, who starred as Hyun-soo, transfers to another school. He is sent to a bottom-rank class and experiences violence in classroom by a group of gangsters in his class, led by Jong-hoon, who is a stereotypical Korean bully in school. The teachers are also depicted as authoritarian to the students, using violence for the sake of discipline, as did most Korean teachers in the '70s. Hyun-soo, after a failed relationship with Eun-joo , decides that he will no longer put up with the conduct of Jong-hun and his boys as well as the harsh and violent disciplinary techniques being put up by the teachers, and so starts to train himself in Jeet Kune Do, inspired by his greatest hero Bruce Lee. His father, a master in Tae Kwon Do, frequently resorted to extreme violence to discipline his son. Hyun-soo challenges Jong-hoon to a duel one day when he is no longer able to put up with his irrational behaviour. Jong-hoon and his friends are grievously injured by Hyun-soo's nunchaku. Hyun-soo is expelled after this incident. Hyun-soo meets his friend Hamburger again at the GED institute and they talk about their past. He meets Eun-joo again, but they say their goodbyes on a bus. The film ends with Hamburger and Hyun-soo outside of a movie theater showing Jackie Chan's 1978 movie Drunken Master, rough-housing as they argue about Jackie Chan and Bruce Lee."] ['Ultraviolet takes place in 2078, in the years following a global epidemic that causes vampire-like symptoms, including super-human strength and elongated canines. The infected "hemophages" die within twelve years after being infected. The Archministry, a militant medical group headed by Vice-Cardinal Ferdinand Daxus , took control of the government and began rounding up infected citizens and exterminating them in order to contain the virus. Having been infected a decade earlier, Violet Song  has become a member of an underground resistance fighting to protect the hemophages from the government. Working with the resistance, Violet steals a weapon that was apparently created to exterminate all hemophages, only to discover that it is a young boy named "Six" . Rather than kill the child, Violet flees with the boy, believing that a cure for the disease can be reverse-engineered from the antigens before he dies from them. She eventually converses with Daxus who tells her that the boy is his son, but she does not believe him. Instead she takes him to her friend Garth, who tells her the boy has no antigens and he has no value to anyone. He also tells her that the boy is radioactive and they can track him easily and he has only 8 hours to live. In the meantime, Nerva reveals to Violet that the antigens in Six\'s blood are actually deadly to humans. Furthermore, Daxus clarifies that the boy is his clone, his previous claim to her being a ruse to earn her sympathy. Since the hemophages are nearly exterminated, the Archministry intends to engineer a new plague to maintain its power. When he refuses to give her the cure, Violet escapes with Six and lets him spend his last moments at a playground. Daxus arrives and take Six\'s body for dissection. Later, however, Violet realizes that Six may not actually be dead. She storms the Archministry and reaches a lab just as Daxus is about to begin the dissection. In the ensuing fight, Daxus reveals that he uses enhancements he gained from an accidental exposure to the hemophage virus to aid in his rise to power. Violet kills Daxus and leaves with Six\'s body. Six later wakes up, having been immunized by the hemophage virus in Violet\'s tears. It is theorized that Six\'s knowledge may be able to create a cure for her and the hemophages.'] ['During a shootout against Chinese Triads at a dock warehouse, FBI agents John Crawford  and Tom Lone  stumble across the notorious assassin Rogue , a former CIA assassin who now works for the Japanese Yakuza. Rogue ambushes Crawford and is about to execute him when Lone appears and shoots Rogue in the face, causing him to fall into the water. Rogue\'s body was never found and he is presumed dead. However, Rogue survives and his retaliation against Lone, his wife and his daughter, leaves three corpses in the ashes of their home. Three years later, Rogue re-appears, working under Chinese Triad boss Li Chang . Rogue is assisting Chang against Chang\'s arch-enemy and Rogue\'s former employer, the leader of the Japanese Yakuza, Shiro Yanagawa . Rogue first attacks a club run by the Yakuza by killing one guard and the runners in order to recover a pair of antique gold horses, family heirlooms of Li Chang. However, Rogue is secretly setting the Yakuza and the Triads against each other, in order to push the two factions toward all-out war. Now the head agent of the FBI\'s Asian Crime Task Force, Crawford is determined to hunt Rogue down and exact revenge for Lone\'s death. Crawford\'s obsessive pursuit of Rogue has taken a toll on his personal life, estranging him from his family. Crawford comes close to catching Rogue in the wake of Rogue\'s various killing sprees against the Triads and Yakuza, but Rogue always manages to stay one step ahead. Ultimately, Rogue\'s machinations have gained the trust of both Li Chang and Shiro Yanagawa. Rogue succeeds in betraying Li Chang, but spares Li Chang\'s wife and child, turning on the Yakuza. With Chang dead, Shiro Yanagawa is finally ready to come to America, where he intends to take over and expand Yakuza business operations. However, he is confronted by Crawford and the FBI; Crawford presents Shiro Yanagawa with proof that Rogue has betrayed him and spared Li Chang\'s family, but Shiro Yanagawa refuses to assist Crawford in locating Rogue. Later, Rogue delivers the horses to Shiro Yanagawa personally. Knowing of Rogue\'s betrayal, Shiro Yanagawa captures Rogue and demands the location of Li Chang\'s family. Rogue kills all of Shiro Yanagawa\'s men, and engages in a sword fight against Shiro Yanagawa himself. Rogue reveals that he is actually FBI agent Tom Lone ; and killed the real Rogue, assuming the assassin\'s identity. Rogue/Lone reveals that his actions have all been designed to bring him face-to-face with Shiro Yanagawa, so he could kill the man who ordered the death of his family. Shiro Yanagawa reveals that Crawford was in his pocket and responsible for leaking Tom Lone\'s identity and home address to the real Rogue. Angered, Rogue/Lone disarms and decapitates Shiro Yanagawa. Meanwhile Chang\'s wife receives a package from Rogue/Lone, containing one of the two golden horses that belongs to Chang\'s family and a message reading, "Make a new life". Shiro Yanagawa\'s daughter also receives a package with the same message and inside the box is her father\'s head. Rogue/Lone then calls Crawford as he is packing up his office, asking him to meet him at the dock warehouse they last made their investigation. Before going to the warehouse, Crawford enlists the help of Goi , an FBI sniper. At the warehouse, Crawford and Rogue/Lone battle each other in an intense hand-to-hand fight. When Rogue/Lone reveals his true identity, a devastated Crawford reveals his employment of Shiro Yanagawa and that he only gave Lone\'s address to Shiro Yanagawa because he thought that the Yakuza were only going to beat Lone up, and did not expect the family to be assassinated by Rogue. Crawford begs Lone for forgiveness, but is rebuffed by Rogue/Lone, finalizing his identity as Rogue. As Rogue/Lone takes out a gun to shoot Crawford, Goi takes aim at Rogue/Lone, and Crawford jumps in Goi\'s line of fire, allowing Rogue/Lone to shoot Crawford in the back and get away.'] ["Back in 1973, one United States Senator Conrad Morgan , the chief delegate diplomat in negotiating the terms of the end of Vietnam war, made a deal in Paris, France with Kuong Yen, the North Vietnamese negotiator. The deal called for Yen to release certain key CIA POWs in exchange for Morgan setting-up a death-trap for an elite group of CIA assassins, known as the Black Tigers. The treaty signed, the Black Tigers were sent into the jungles of ‘Nam to their unknowing demise, under guise that they were on mission to liberate American POWs. However, the truly important thing to understand is that the negotiators failed to realize one thing: the commando’s team leader was one Major John T. Booker . So, needless to say and despite all odds, Booker survives. As do the four men wise enough to have remained in his general vicinity. Five years after returning from Vietnam, Booker, now living in Los Angeles, California, donning a post-war moustache, also with a hobby of racecar-driving, and is now working as a political science professor at UCLA. Booker lectures to a bunch of kids on how the war should not have happened, and that the U.S. should not have been involved. He then jokes about singing patriotic songs the following week to atone. Sitting in on one of his lectures is a bright female reporter named Margaret  who starts asking some very specific questions about the botched rescue mission. It seems that someone is slowly killing all the surviving members of the special forces team. Booker is suddenly thrown back into his past when Morgan's appointment as Secretary of State spurs Yen to blackmail his ex-negotiations buddy into making good on his un-finished deal: The extermination of the Black Tigers."] ["Johnny and Adam are teenage surfers who reside in Los Angeles with their father Mac. Two weeks before Johnny's 16th birthday, ninjas attack the teenagers, but they are stopped by Zatch, a warrior with an eye patch. A follow-up attack results in the kidnapping of Mac, while Zatch is able to get the teenagers and their friend Iggy away from the ninjas. Adam discovers that the video game on his Sega Game Gear correlates with the events happening around him and that he can control some events through his console. Safely away from the ninjas, Zatch reveals to Johnny and Adam that they are the sons of the king of Patusan, whose land and monarchy was overthrown by Colonel Chi when the boys were young. Zatch tells them that it is their destiny to return to Patusan, overthrow Colonel Chi, and rescue the population. Zatch takes the boys to the Patusani district in Los Angeles, the home of refugees from Chi's rule. Johnny is introduced to a Patusani princess, Ro-May, who has been betrothed to Johnny since childhood. Ninjas attack the group again, and Johnny finds his inherent abilities as a warrior prince emerge, successfully defeating several foes. With the ninjas dispatched, Johnny, Adam, Iggy, Zatch, and Ro-May decide to travel to Patusan. They are followed by a detective, Lieutenant Spence, who had been investigating the ninja attacks on the boys. The group reaches Patusan and see the effects of Colonel Chi's rule, including a burned village and a Patusani chain gang monitored by Chi's henchmen. When Adam and Spence inadvertently fall into the sight of the henchmen, the group is forced to fight them. The henchmen are defeated, and the villagers are freed from the chain gang. Zatch then leads the group to uncover a hidden cave in which the weapons of the Patusani monarchy are stored. Using his Game Gear and being helped by a monkey, Adam is able to uncover the cave for the group. In the cave, Zatch arms Johnny and attacks him in a tribulation to prepare the boy for future challenges. Johnny is beaten down repeatedly, but he is able to achieve the upper hand and disarm Zatch. The group rallies the villagers to overthrow Colonel Chi, and they travel to the shore of the mainland across from an island that is the home to the royal city and Chi's dungeon. Unable to take a boat to the unprotected side of the island due to an impassable reef, Johnny and Adam tell the Patusanis, who are expert at wood carving, to carve surfboards. With everyone equipped with their own surfboard, they swim to the unprotected side. After landing at the island, Johnny and Zatch lead the attack on the royal city, taking down Chi's henchmen. Johnny and Adam's adoptive father Mac is freed, and Johnny confronts Colonel Chi, successfully defeating him  with the help of Adam and his Game Gear. With Chi's rule undone, peace is restored to Patusan. Johnny is seated as the heralded warrior prince with Ro-May as his princess and Adam as a prince. Johnny declares for the monarchy to be dissolved and announces that Patusan would operate as a democracy under the people."] ['The film is set in the 1860s, during the Taiping Rebellion in the late Qing Dynasty in China. The story, based on the assassination of Ma Xinyi in 1870, tells of three sworn blood brothers who eventually turn against one another due to the harsh realities of war and political intrigue. The story begins with a vicious battle, after which Qingyun, a Qing army general, is the only survivor of his entire army. He is defeated because promised reinforcements from a rival General Ho are deliberately withheld. In his aimless wanderings he encounters a girl named Liansheng, who nurses him back to health. Once he regains his strength, Qingyun soon meets Wuyang, who takes him back to the bandits village, and later Erhu; leaders of a bandit army that regularly steals food to survive. There he finds Liansheng again, who is revealed to be Erhu\'s wife.During one night, some militay troops attacks the village and retake the stolen goods, plunging the village into famine. Qingyun convinces the bandits to join the Qing army to earn money and security to feed their families; Erhu and Wuyang are hesitant at first, and only agree after the three brothers swear a "Blood Oath", with which they affirm their fraternity to one another under pain of death. Qingyun, with the help of Erhu\'s army wins over a rebel convoy to show latter\'s strength to Qing Lords. Qingyun then goes on to meet his old superiors, who are reluctant at first to reinstate him, but upon allowing him the task of conquering a major city, he proves his worth in a victorious battle against a numerically superior force. In this battle, the tide is turned when Wuyang sneaks through the enemy lines and decapitates the enemy general. Qingyun\'s subsequent promotion and increased support from the Qing lords spurs him to lead the brothers and his armies through a long but successful campaign against the rebels. His victories cause him to become ambitious in the process, during which he reveals his plan to quickly take Suzhou and Nanjing, the principal power bases of the Taiping rebels, and his dream of ridding the world of oppression. Fearing Qing-yun\'s growing power and influence, the Qing lords decide to deny Qingyun valuable reinforcements and provisions; without their support, Qingyun\'s prompt attack on Suzhou devolves into a year long siege, with both sides suffering from starvation. Desperate, Qingyun negotiates with his longtime rival and nemesis, General Ho, offering him half of the spoils of Nanking in return for supplies. Meanwhile Erhu sneaks into the city disguised as an opium dealer, hoping to assassinate the Taiping general ruling Suzhou and thus end the siege. The general surprises Erhu by revealing that he already knows of his plot and says that despite starvation, his troops and people will never surrender due to their loyalty. In an ensuing duel, the general allows Erhu to kill him anyway, saying that as long as he is alive his people will never be free of the siege. His dying wish is that his soldiers and citizens be spared. Moved by the official\'s sacrifice, Erhu agrees to the terms, but a returning Qingyun feels differently: even with the new provisions, food remains critically short, the rebels cannot be conscripted or released, and the Nanjing expedition would be jeopardized. Instead, he orders the prisoners to be executed, enraging Erhu into considering desertion over the death of innocent thousands. But Qingyun manages to convince him to stay and rejoin the cause by arguing that there are millions of innocents to save in Nanjing. The Nanjing campaign becomes a grand success, and Qingyun is appointed as a provincial governor by the Empress for his services. He even gets the Empress to agree to his request for a 3 year moratorium on taxes in Nanjing so that the peasants can recover from years of war. Nonetheless, the war has caused a rift between the three brothers, most prominently with Erhu, who quietly defies Qingyun\'s orders by doling out soldier\'s pay from the imperial coffers; his offenses and popularity become known to the Qing lords, who cajole Qingyun into arranging his assassination. Erhu is fed false information of a plot by General Ho to assassinate Qingyun and he rides off to warn him only to get ambushed. Meanwhile, Wuyang discovers Qingyun\'s affair with Liansheng and catches wind of the plot against Erhu. Believing that Qingyun wants Erhu killed over Liansheng, Wuyang murders her, but Erhu is already dead before Qingyun hears of Liansheng\'s death. Wuyang therefore strives to fulfill the blood oath and goes to kill Qingyun at his inauguration ceremony. As the two brothers fight, a hidden attacker armed with a rifle shoots Qingyun in the back multiple times as Wuyang stabs him in the chest, killing him. Now alone, Wuyang reminisces upon the words of the oath that was taken long ago.'] ['Ryu is still contemplating the death of his master, Gouken, while at the same time experiencing trouble with the {{nihongo}}, an evil energy which Gouken\'s brother, Akuma, succumbed to a long time ago. While in the city, Ryu fights off a few agents working for Shadaloo, gaining the attention of Interpol agent Chun-Li, who does some background research and realizes Ryu is the man who beat Sagat, the Muay Thai Champion, many years ago. Also catching sight of Ryu is aspiring martial artist Sakura, who becomes fascinated with Ryu and vows to track him down and become his student. In Japan, Ryu is approached by a mysterious woman, Rose, who questions him briefly about his hold over the Dark Hadou and reason for fighting. While visiting Gouken\'s grave, Ryu meets his old friend, Ken. They are both approached by a young boy named Shun, who claims that he is Ryu\'s long-lost brother. According to Shun, their mother raised Shun in Brazil until her recent death, and she sent Shun to find Ryu before she died. Ken is skeptical, but Ryu decides to take Shun in and notices the boy\'s potential as a fighter. Ken and Shun decide to enter an underground fighting tournament, but Ryu declines. On the way, they are harassed by some street thugs. Ryu and Shun fight them off effortlessly, but Ryu also notices a rather violent and sadistic streak in Shun, whom he has to punch to stop him killing one of the thugs. Ken, meanwhile, finds Sakura in a bar and agrees to take her to Ryu, although he is too late to enter the tournament, much to his chagrin. Inside the building, Ryu is found by Chun-Li, who managed to locate him. In the tournament, watched by its enigmatic organiser, Dr. Sadler, Shun is pitted against the brutal wrestler, Zangief. Shun briefly manages to pummel Zangief with his superior speed, but the Dark Hadou catches up with Shun, distracting him long enough to receive a brutal beating from Zangief. Ryu steps in and briefly fights Zangief, but he too is overcome by the Dark Hadou and he almost kills Zangief with a Dark Hadouken, which misses Zangief but causes the building to start collapsing. As Ken takes an injured Sakura to safety, Ryu is confronted by a huge man, Rosanov, who proves to be more than a match for both Ryu and Chun-Li combined. Just as Rosanov prepares to knock Ryu unconscious, Shun steps in and takes the blast. Ryu succumbs to his rage and obliterates Rosanov with a Shinku Hadouken. However, while Ryu is distracted, Shun is abducted by Shadaloo agents. By now, Ryu has completely lost the will to fight. However, Rose appears before him once again, compelling him to save Shun from Sadler and himself. Ryu accepts, but first goes to see Akuma, accompanied by Chun-Li, in his secluded home in the mountains. Once there, Akuma, under the belief that Ryu has come to challenge him at last, attempts to goad him into succumbing to the Dark Hadou, but Ryu refuses, and Akuma orders him to leave. Ryu manages to ask Akuma if he is Shun\'s father, but Akuma denies it. With this cleared, Ryu decides to travel to Sadler\'s hideout and rescue Shun himself, accompanied by Ken, Chun-Li, Guy, Dan, Dhalsim, Birdie, Adon, Rolento and Sodom. As the other fighters battle outside Sadler\'s lab in the arena, Ryu, Ken and Chun-Li sneak inside to find Shun. The first winner is Birdie, and he is led into a trap which will strip him of his fighting potential, though he is freed by Ken and Chun-Li, who break the other fighters out. However, they are confronted by a very alive Rosanov in the corridor, who makes quick work of the three of them despite their efforts, blowing that part of the hideout to smithereens. Ryu arrives on the scene and fights Rosanov again, realizing that Rosanov is actually an android, and this one is really Shun, who was working for Sadler and luring Ryu into a trap. Shun/Rosanov attempts to goad Ryu into using the Dark Hadou, since he is connected to Sadler and every blow which is landed on Shun/Rosanov will increase Sadler\'s fighting potential and make him stronger. Ryu refuses, but is eventually pushed over the edge when Shun/Rosanov beats Ken mercilessly and Ken uses the last of his strength for a Shoryuken which does nothing more than dislocate the android\'s jaw. Finally, Ryu succumbs and fires a Dark Hadouken at the android, freeing Shun and destroying Rosanov once and for all. With this sudden increase in power, Sadler bursts out of his lab and finally emerges on the battlefield. With Ryu exhausted, Sadler easily takes the upper hand and pummels Ryu around. Ryu prepares to succumb to the Dark Hadou once again, even though Ken and Shun implore him not to. Sadler overwhelms Ryu with a Hadouken, which nearly kills him. Though only Ryu can see her, Rose intervenes, informing Ryu that "you haven\'t drawn the death card yet". Inspired, Ryu snaps out of the vision and returns to his normal state and fires a normal, Shinku Hadouken directly into a distracted Sadler, who crumbles into dust while openly wondering how Ryu could still surpass him. Shun\'s injuries, however, are too severe, and as he lies dying, he reveals that he lied to Ryu about being his brother and worked with Sadler so as to raise money for his mother, who still died. As Shun succumbs, Ryu vows never to use the Dark Hadou ever again. The movie\'s final scenes depict the fighters returning to their everyday lives. Sakura, now fully recovered, decides to continue training so that one day she may be able to fight Ryu. In a distant area near the sea, Ryu is seen sparring with Akuma.'] ['In San Francisco, Bruce "Bob" Lee  works in a Chinese food restaurant with his wacky friend Chang Ming. When a gang of hoodlums is making trouble, Bob puts a lot of pepper on their chicken, making them sneeze a lot . Unfortunately, Bob and Chang are blacklisted from the bustling San Francisco Chinese restaurant community by the gang. They accidentally land a job at a shipyard after narrowly averting being run over by the owner\'s daughter\'s car. She tells them to get back to work, assuming they already work there unloading speaker cabinet boxes. The shipyard is attacked by members of the boxing gang that Bob beat up in the beginning of the film. At first, Bob and Chang refuse to fight to prevent losing their jobs again. However, they are called chickens by the shipyard owners, and after finally beating up some bad guys, people realize what an amazing martial artist Bob is, and encourage him to start his own kung fu school. Bob\'s school opens to boffo business, but there is controversy among the powerful rival kung fu schools because Bob is teaching to non-Asians. He also creates Jeet Kune Do, and uses his newly improves martial arts ability to whup the baddies once and for all.'] ["Two aging kung fu masters get together once a year for a timed duel. One is master of the short sword, King of Sabres , and the other is King of Spears . Every year the fight ends in a draw, and as the masters are getting old, they decide the best course of action is to each take on a student to determine who is the better teacher. They agree to meet up again 10 years later, with their students and let the next generation carry on the duel. A previously upright martial artist known as Old Yellow Dog,  kidnaps the students  before their duel can begin. It transpires  that the kung fu master was defeated in separate battles with the King of Sabres and the King of Spears, and was forced to retire from fighting. Now, after years of training in a new weapon  and with a new name, Laughing Bandit, he wants to lure the old masters out to exact his revenge. The old masters arrive, first taking on the Laughing Bandit's four disciples and defeating them. However, this was a ploy to tire them out, and individually they are unable to defeat Laughing Bandit and his new techniques. The evil master suggests the old men both attack at once, but because of their pride and belief in their own superiority, they refuse. The students are released, while each master is fighting, and are instructed to escape. After some protestation they do, and the old masters are killed. Fuelled by revenge, the students agree to join forces to defeat the evil master. Hung's character  comes up with a plan us to utilise magnets that can pull the Laughing Bandit's weapon from him. After luring him out into the open, they fight him unarmed, choosing to mimic their weapon styles with empty hands, but with the magnet they are able to disrupt his attacks, and after a gruelling fight they triumph. After burying their masters, they decide to honour their memory by fulfilling their request to duel. However, as with their masters before them, the fight ends in a draw. Instead, they decide to resolve who is the greatest by playing a game, rather than fighting. Each must try to place his weapon into their masters burial mound, whilst simultaneously stopping their opponent from doing so. After another long competition, the film ends with the pair laughing at the absurdity of the rivalry and realising that as friends they will never be able to determine who is the best."] ["While on a road trip around Eight Spears Village, a family is stopped by a car accident. Forced to stop in thinking that they hit someone, evidently armed, a couple shoots the man and hijacks the family's car, holding the father at gun point and demanding he hit the gas. When one of the tires is punctured, the father goes to find a spare, leaving his family with the captors. Eventually finding a ghost village, the father goes on top of a hill to look down on the village. After spotting a cemetery at the base of the hill, the father starts bizarrely digging until he finds a rusty knife. Using the rusty knife the father cuts his head off, with the resulting fountain of blood spraying an ancient tomb. A moment later, a razor sharp Japanese sword strikes through the ground and an eerie samurai warrior appears from underneath. After the samurai is resurrected by the father's blood, an old woman comes to the family and their captors and tells him that they're all going to die. Following that Yoroi begins to hunt the family and the captors one by one in the Eight Spears Village forest."] ['The film opens with U.S. Marine Tommy Riordan  visiting his father, Paddy Conlon , a recovering alcoholic who has become a born-again Christian. Tommy becomes angry about his father\'s formerly abusive behavior and Paddy fails to convince him that he has truly changed. The next day, Tommy enters a gym where he beats a professional fighter named Pete "Mad Dog" Grimes  unconscious in less than 30 seconds, in a fight which is filmed via a cell phone\'s video camera and later uploaded to the internet where it goes viral. Tommy learns about a winner-takes-all mixed martial arts tournament called Sparta where the winner receives $5,000,000. In order to provide for the family of his fallen friend in the Marine Corps, Tommy asks his father to help him train for the tournament, but only under the condition that Paddy does not try to reconcile their relationship. Meanwhile, Paddy\'s older son, Brendan Conlon , a high school physics teacher and former UFC fighter, is struggling to financially provide for his wife Tess  and two daughters and faces the possibility of his home getting foreclosed due to mortgage re-financing to pay for his youngest daughter\'s open heart surgery. To increase his income, Brendan risks returning to his former profession as a mixed martial arts fighter battling amateur fighters for money. Rumours of Brendan fighting in the ring begin spreading amongst his students. The school\'s superintendent, objecting to his participation in such dangerous activities, suspends him without pay. Left with no other option, Brendan seeks the training of old friend Frank Campana  and begins competing in smaller venue fights. After the fighter Frank planned to enter into the Sparta tournament is injured during training, Brendan convinces Frank to enter him as a replacement. After arriving at the tournament, Brendan discovers that Tommy has also entered. When the two brothers confront each other for the first time in 14 years, it is explained that Brendan chose to stay behind with his then-girlfriend Tess when he was 16 years old instead of moving away from their father with Tommy and their mother, who later grew ill and died. Brendan claims that he has forgiven his father for the wrong he has done, but Tommy is unconvinced. He refuses to forgive Brendan for not leaving with him and for not being there when their mother was sick. Meanwhile, the video of Tommy beating "Mad Dog" attracts the attention of a Marine in Iraq whose life was saved by Tommy months prior. The information and video of Tommy saving the Marine is shared with the press and Tommy becomes a national hero, gaining a massive fan base and appreciation from not only viewers, but from the U.S. Marine Corps as well. However, Tommy\'s records surface from the Corps and reveal that he deserted the military after his entire unit was killed in a friendly fire bombing. It is explained that Tommy took his mother\'s maiden name as his own surname in order to evade arrest for his desertion and that military police will take him into custody after the tournament is over. Over two nights, Brendan and Tommy have contrasting fortunes: Tommy quickly and brutally knocks out his three opponents, while Brendan has a much tougher time, outmatched physically but utilizing Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu to force submissions. The night before the final day, Paddy attempts to talk to Tommy about his actions in Iraq only to be berated and dismissed, which shown the follow morning has caused an upset Paddy to start drinking again. Seeing the emotional pain, Tommy calms and comforts him. By the end, the brothers come face-to-face with each other in the final round and unleash all the anger they had towards one another. The fight between the brothers shows Tommy having the upper hand initially, but Brendan manages to dislocate Tommy\'s shoulder and traps him in a rear naked choke. While they both lie struggling on the mat, Brendan tearfully apologizes to Tommy and tells him that he loves him. After some hesitation, Tommy taps out. The film ends with the two brothers exiting the ring, Tommy in tears with Brendan\'s arms around him, as their father watches them reconcile and smiles.'] ['Ryo Saeba and Kaori Makimura are assigned to locate Shizuko Imumura, the runaway daughter of the CEO of a prominent Japanese newspaper. Kaori leaves in the middle of the search, unhappy with the way Ryo ignores her romantic feelings for him and flirts with other woman. Ryo finds Shizuko at a skateboarding park and a chase ensues, but she escapes in disguise. Shizuko boards a luxury cruise liner, the Fuji Maru, with the ticket she found in the suit she stole. Kaori also boards the ship with her lustful cousin while Ryo sneaks inside to follow her. A terrorist gang led by Donald Mac have plans to hijack it and take the rich passengers hostage with Police Officer Saeko Nogami and her buxom sidekick in pursuit. Staying next door from each other, Shizuko overhears Donald\'s plan. Donald discovers her and sends one of his men to kill her, but she knocks him out and escapes. She then bumps into the ship\'s first officer, who takes her to the boiler room and reveals himself as a terrorist. When he attempts to silence Shizuko, Ryo, who had been staying there since his encounter with Kaori and her cousin at the swimming pool, saves her. When Donald\'s gang arrive, the officer is killed in the shootout while Ryo and Shizuko escape into the movie theater, where Game of Death is being shown. To beat two towering opponents, Ryo interprets Bruce Lee\'s techniques from the film. At the ship\'s casino, a party hosted by the captain is interrupted when Donald kills the captain and terrorizes the partygoers, including Saeko and her sidekick. After robbing them of their valuables, he entices the rich patrons into a sadistic card game. A few opponents are quickly disposed of until Kao Ta, a skilled card gamer who uses his cards as shurikens, joins in. When Donald is distracted by seeing Ryo and Shizuko not far away, Ta and Saeko put an end to his game. Donald\'s henchman Kim kidnaps Kaori and takes her to his room. When Ryo bursts in, both men fight before Donald and his men interrupt, capturing Ryo in the process. Kaori escapes, bumping into Shizuko, Saeko, and the rest of the main characters. They take down a gay terrorist trying to seduce Kaori\'s cousin and prepare to save Ryo. The next day, Ryo is stood before a firing squad. Shizuko, Saeko, and her sidekick interrupt the planned execution, but are forced to separate by Donald\'s gang. Shizuko uses her gymnastic skills to defeat one henchman, Saeko saves Ta after he runs out of cards in a fight with several terrorists, and her sidekick falls of a ledge and is left unconscious. Ryo goes into the gaming parlor with his hands still tied, but is thrown into a Street Fighter II arcade game by Kim and suffers an electric shock. This causes him to hallucinate and think Kim is Ken from the game. After two failed attempts, Ryo defeats him as Chun-Li. As a Taiwanese counter-terrorism unit, the "Thunderbolts Squad", arrives and take his men out, Donald blows up bombs he had set up all over the ship and takes Kaori hostage at the casino. When Ryo and Saeko arrive, he injures both women and starts a long fight with Ryo. Donald is thrown into the stage and dies when he accidentally steps on his remote, setting off the bombs behind the T.V. panels. Ryo and Kaori find Shizuko and return her to her father. He speaks to Ryo privately, seeing him as a future husband to Shizuko. Listening to their conversation, Kaori leaves in anger, unaware that Ryo has declined the man\'s offer. Ryo finds her and tries to apologize with a rose, but then Saeko drives up and flirts with him. He gives her the rose instead and furious, Kaori smashes him through the air with a hammer. Ryo wakes up in his recurring dream with beautiful women at the pool.'] ['Circle of Iron is set in a world that, according to the prologue, "never was and always is." The movie begins with a martial arts competition, in which several fighters are competing for the right to begin a quest to challenge Zetan, a supposedly invincible fighter, who possesses a special book of enlightenment that is supposed to contain all the world\'s wisdom. The competition eventually comes down to two fighters, Cord  and Morthond . During the fight, Cord, desperate to win, strikes Morthond while he is down and is disqualified from competition. Morthond is awarded a special medallion that marks him as a "seeker," a person who is on a quest to find Zetan. Cord challenges the decision, but is told to leave. The quest to find Zetan requires each seeker to undergo a series of trials, usually fights, before Zetan can be located. Many of these trials may end in the seekers deaths. Cord, determined to find Zetan no matter what, decides to follow Morthond; knowing that Morthond will know the way to the first trial. Morthond, irritated that Cord is following him, actually breaks his vow of silence to demand that Cord go away. Cord, however, refuses. While the two men are resting at a fountain, a blind man  with a staff walks by them and into a nearby building. Soon, the sounds of fights are heard. Cord goes to see what is happening. Morthond, meanwhile, leaves, hoping to be rid of Cord. Cord goes into the building and sees that the blind man appears to have stumbled onto a gang of evil fighters; they are all attacking him. However, the blind man easily defeats all of them. When the leader is the only member of the gang left, the gang leader decides to try to kill the blind man by throwing a knife at him. Cord intervenes by killing the gang leader with a shuriken. The next morning, Cord finds the blind man playing a flute that is built into his staff and asks him to be his teacher. Though the blind man initially refuses, Cord follows him anyway. They soon come upon a monkey who tries to circle the blind man to attack him from behind. The blind man, however, never allows the monkey to go behind him, and the monkey, frustrated, leaves. Cord realizes that the blind man has shown him how to fight the monkey, but when the blindman compares his chattering to theirs, Cord is offended. The blind man soon leaves Cord behind. Suddenly, Cord sees Morthond, wounded and blinded from the first trial. Morthond gives Cord the seeker medallion, and asks Cord to help him commit suicide. Cord does, and then goes to face the trial. The trial is in the lair of a group of monkey men, and their leader  is fighting another seeker. After killing the seeker, Monkeyman claims his medallion. At this point, Cord steps in and announces his intention to face the trial. The Monkeyman attempts to get Cord off-balanced with a series of jibes, but Cord, remembering what the blind man taught him, remains focused. The two fight and Cord eventually overpowers Monkeyman, who then tells Cord how to find his second trial. On the way to his second trial, Cord encounters a man in an large cauldron of oil , who is attempting to dissolve the lower half of his body. The man, wishing to find enlightenment, was frustrated at the fact that he could not be completely celibate, decided to remove his lower half of the body, hoping that would end his sexual urges. He invites Cord to join him, but Cord immediately leaves. Cord then comes upon a band of gypsies, where it appears every type of pleasure is available. Cord enters a tent where the leader, Chang-Sha, immediately invites him to join them. Cord tells Chang-Sha about his quest; Chang-sha then offers to allow Cord to sleep with one of his wives, a woman named Tara. Cord mentions that he has taken a vow of celibacy, at which Chang-Sha laughs. While they are talking, however, another seeker, a black giant  challenges Chang-Sha. While it appears that the black giant is a powerful foe, Chang-Sha easily defeats and kills him. Cord asks when they fight; Chang-Sha says that they must sleep first. Cord is mediating in his tent when he is joined by Tara. At first, he resists her advances, but eventually gives in. While they are making love, Cord asks Tara to stay with him forever. Tara tells him that she will go with him, but first they must rest. When Cord awakes, he finds that the entire band has left, and that Tara has been crucified by Chang-Sha. In a rage, Cord begins looking for Chang-Sha, but is unable to find him. The next night, Cord has a dream in which Death  comes for him in the form of a man-like panther. Cord, however, laughs at Death, and refuses to be scared. Death, frustrated by Cord\'s bravado, leaves. Eventually, Cord comes to an oasis where he again meets the blind man. The blind man asks him about his trial; Cord says it was a lesson. He tells him that he had tried to possess Tara, and in doing so, had killed her. Cord asks him to again be his teacher; the blind man agrees if Cord will promise not to ask him any questions about anything he sees until the blind man is ready to give him an answer. Cord accepts these terms and they travel together. When they come to a river, a ferryman allows them to use his boat even though his wife doesn\'t think that their payment is enough. Upon crossing the river, the blind man kicks the boat in. Cord, forgetting his promise, asks why. The blind man hides, which Cord thinks is foolish, until a band of mercenaries come into the area. Cord and the blind man run, fighting the mercenaries as needed. At one point, the blind man stops to fix a wall that the mercenaries had knocked over, which Cord thinks is foolish. After they escape the mercenaries, Cord and the blind man come to a fishing village. There, a boy, spoiled because his parents worship his good looks, comes up the blind man and demands coins. The blind man strikes the boy, breaking his nose. Angry, Cord demands an explanation from the blind man. The blind man explains that he kicked in the boat to keep the soldiers from using it to cross the river and kill the ferryman, he fixed the stone wall to keep the soldiers from finding a bag of coins hidden there so that they would not steal it and leave its owner without means, and he struck the boy so that his parents would no longer be bound to his good looks and would be able to raise him to be a better person. The blind man again leaves Cord. Cord walks along the beach and again finds Chang-Sha and his band. When Cord explains that there is no quarrel between them, and it was he, not Chang-Sha, that killed Tara, Chang-Sha offers to allow Cord to join his band. Cord, however, insists on finding Zetan. The two fight, and as they do so, Cord suddenly finds that he is also fighting the Monkey Man and Death. Cord, off-balance from this, starts to lose. However, he soon hears the blind-man\'s flute, and regains focus. The fight ends in a draw, and Chang-Sha tells Cord how to find Zetan. Cord is taken by a boat to the island where Zetan lives. When they first meet, Cord is defensive at first, still expecting to have to fight. Zetan, however, explains that because Cord has made it to the island, he is entitled to take possession of the book. He tells Cord that he can become the keeper without looking at the book, just as he had, but Cord insists on looking at the book. Opening it, he finds that book\'s pages are nothing but mirrors. Zetan then explains that there is no book of wisdom, and the enlightenment is found only in one\'s self. Cord, then realizing that Zetan is not an invincible martial artist but really a prisoner, bound by responsibility, rebuffs Zetan\'s offer to take his place. Cord leaves the island and again finds the blind man. The blind man, now no longer blind, sees Cord and asks him what he saw in the book. Cord tells him that he saw everything. The two embrace and then the blind man gives Cord his flute, passing on his role of teacher to Cord.'] ["Ghost Dog  sees himself as a retainer of Louie , a local mobster, who saved Ghost Dog's life years ago. While living as a hired hitman for the Italian Mafia, he strictly follows Hagakure. Louie tells Ghost Dog to kill a gangster, Handsome Frank, who is sleeping with the daughter  of the mafia boss Vargo . Ghost Dog arrives and kills the gangster, but does not realize the girl is also in the room at the time; he leaves her alive and exits. In order to avoid being implicated in the murder of a made man, the mobsters decide to get rid of Ghost Dog. Louie knows practically nothing about Ghost Dog, and the hitman communicates only by homing pigeon. The mobsters start by tracing all the pigeon coops in town. They find Ghost Dog's cabin atop a building and kill his pigeons. Ghost Dog realizes he must kill the entire mafia or otherwise they will kill him and his master. During the day, Ghost Dog frequently visits the park to see his best friend, a Haitian ice cream salesman named Raymond  who speaks only French. Ghost Dog doesn't understand French and Raymond doesn't understand English, but the two seem to understand each other. Ghost Dog also makes friends with a little girl named Pearline , to whom he lends a book — Rashōmon and Other Stories — he received from Vargo's daughter. Paralleling a major theme of Rashōmon, Louie and Ghost Dog have different accounts of the circumstances of their meeting: in Louie's flashback he shoots Ghost Dog's attacker in self-defense, while in Ghost Dog's flashback, Louie shoots the attacker just as the attacker is about to kill Ghost Dog. Eventually, Ghost Dog attacks Vargo's mansion single-handedly and kills almost everyone he encounters, sparing only Louie and Vargo's daughter. Though Louie feels some loyalty to Ghost Dog, he also feels that he must avenge the murder of boss Vargo, but it was stated that Vargo's daughter ordered him to murder Ghost Dog. Louie finally confronts Ghost Dog at Raymond's ice cream stand with Raymond and Pearline watching, after he gave his copy of Hagakure to the latter. Ghost Dog is unwilling to attack his master and allows Louie to kill him. His last act is to give Louie the copy of Rashōmon and encourage him to read it."] ["The dying master of the powerful Poison Clan dispatches his last pupil on a crucial mission. Worried that the skills he has taught are being used to evil ends, he orders Yan Tieh to trace a retired colleague and warn him that the fortune he amassed from the clan's activities is under threat from five of his former pupils, each an expert in his own lethal combat style. Yan must discover the whereabouts and true identities of these masked warriors, and decide which, if any, he can trust to join him in his mission."] ["Teen-aged Fong Sai-Yuk is a gifted Martial Artist but he is a poor student at school and is a constant troublemaker, despite the fact that the school is run by his father. Powerful Manchu officials in Guangdong are achieving hegemony over the native Han Chinese population and threaten to shut the school down. Sai-Yuk exacerbates matters when he picks a fight with the leader of the Manchus. In order to save her family's honor and keep the school open, Sai-Yuk's mother makes a bargain with the Shaolin monk San Te for her incorrigible son to be given refuge in the temple's 36th Chamber, which is a training hall for non-monks. However, Sai-Yuk is too full of pride and lacks respect for authority, so he continues his trouble-making ways. Eventually, Sai-Yuk's actions give the Manchu governor cause enough to shut down the 36th Chamber and to try to wipe out all its disciples."] ["Ai Lin  and her sister Ai Quan  are computer hackers, assassins and espionage specialists who use their late father's secret satellite technology to give them the advantage over their rivals and law enforcement. They first assassinate the chairman of a top Chinese company. After their successful mission, Police Detective named Kong Yat Hung  is assigned to their case and is able to track them down. The cat-and-mouse chase becomes more complicated when Lin and Ai Quan become the targets of the very people who originally hired them. Ai Quan has always been the assistant at home in the computer, while Ai Lin, the older and better assassin, did the field work. The arrangement made Ai Quan jealous. She just wanted to do field work, but she didn't know that Ai Lin was trying to protect her. She thought Ai Lin refused her more active participation because she was less adept. When Ai Lin fell in love and decided to give up her secret life to marry, the sisters had a falling out. Ai Quan wanted to continue contract killing to prove that she could be as good a killer as her older sister. Yat Hung tracks Ai Quan to a bakery where she is buying birthday cake, which leads to a frantic car chase. Ai Quan is cornered by the police and calls her sister Ai Lin at home, asking for her help. At the same time though, killers, hired by the man who contracted the assassination in the beginning of the film, attack Ai Lin at home and she is killed, with Yat Hung being framed for her death. Ai Quan offers Yat Hung a way to clear her name, but only if she agrees help avenge Ai Lin's death. Left with no choice, Yat Hung teams up with Ai Quan to find the true killer."] ["Deaw, an undercover cop, having just lost his mentor in a raid on an arch-criminal's hideout, decides to take a trip with his sister Nui – a national Taekwondo champion – to a rural village with a group of other national athletes of various sports. The bucolic retreat turns ugly when the athletes and villagers are taken hostage by the brutal, heavily armed militia of a drug lord. After learning of the criminals' shocking plans, Deaw, the athletes and villagers of all ages resolve to fight back using their unique skills."] ["Alain Moreau  is a cop in Nice, France. Alain is at a funeral that is being held for a fellow cop, when Alain’s partner Sebastien  shows up, and requests for his presence at a crime scene. When they arrive, Sebastien shows Alain a dead body of someone that looks exactly like him. They discover that his name was Mikhail Suverov, who was born on exactly the same day Alain was. As it turns out, Mikhail is the twin brother Alain never knew he had. Tracing his brother's steps back to New York City, Alain discovers that Mikhail was a member of the Russian Mafia, who was chased down and killed when he attempted to get out. Of course, now Alain is mistaken for Mikhail, who was also mixed up in a series of affairs concerning the FBI and the russian mafia. With his only real ally being Mikhail's fiancé Alex Bartlett , Alain sets out to avenge his brother's death, which is complicated not only by the Mafia, but by two corrupt FBI agents."] ["Just as Genji Takiya  is about to take over Suzuran All Boys High School as its leader of the newly formed G.P.S. alliance, he unwittingly breaks a pact by protecting Sho Kawanishi  from a violent confrontation with students of rival school Hosen Academy, who're famed for being so violent that they're known as the Army of Killers. Genji quickly learns that the pact between Suzuran and Hosen was made two years earlier after Sho Kawanishi broke a gang law by using a weapon that fatally stabbed Hosen's leader. Suzuran had sworn to a pact they would not interfere with Hosen's actions when Kawanishi is released from prison. Genji's accidental protection of Kawanishi prompts the new Hosen leader, Taiga Narumi , to declare war against Suzuran, forcing Genji and his allies to go on defensive, which ultimately sparks violent confrontations between Suzuran and Hosen."] ['With help from the treacherous Song Dynasty general Pun Mei, the Khitan-ruled Liao Dynasty army succeeded in trapping the loyal Song general Yeung Yip and his 7 sons at Golden Beach. Yeung Yip and his sons were all killed or captured in the ambush, except for the 5th son and the 6th son who managed to escape. The 6th son returned home, but was severely traumatized by the events. Meanwhile, the 5th son sought refuge in a monastery in Mount Wutai, but the monastery leaders initially did not consider him calm enough to be a Buddhist monk. As blades were not allowed inside a monastery, he used his martial arts training in spears to practice with a pole, eventually developing the unique eight diagram pole fighting technique. When he finally appeared to have put his anger and past behind him, news broke that the Khitans had captured his younger sister, Yeung Baat-mui, who was looking for him. Now he must break Buddhist vows  to save Baat-mui and exact his revenge.'] ["The Hong Kong Police finds itself in a public relations crisis after a disastrous shootout and the scene of a police officer surrendering in apparent fear to the mobsters was captured and telecast by the local media. Inspector Cheung and his crew are assigned to the task of catching these mobsters, led by the intelligent and resourceful Yuen. In the meantime, Superintendent Rebecca Fong leads an effort on the part of the Hong Kong Police to mislead the media and salvage the reputation of the police team. She sees the chance in a raid on the mobsters hiding out in an apartment, while Inspector Cheung leads his own team to search for the mobsters, with many gunfights breaking out in between. Yuen hides out in the apartment of Yip, a bumbling taxi driver and single father of two. With the reluctant help of Yip's computer whiz son, he plays an intricate cat and mouse game with the police, releasing suspicious images of the police being defeated to the media. Superintendent Fong thwarts the effort with tricks of her own, including releasing a sumptuous packed lunch to the numerous squads on duty. After PTU officers were defeated in the first raid attempt, SDU operators were called in to flush out Yuen and his fellow mobsters. Inspector Cheung successfully tracks down Yuen, though he is defeated only after a high-octane chase and gunfight sequence, with Fong held hostage."] ["Yamamoto Kansuke  is a general of warlord Takeda Shingen , whose titular red banners are his trademark.{{cite book}} Yamamoto has a ruthless but effective approach to battle and politics, and advises Takeda Shingen on almost everything he does, including the assassination of Suwa Yorishige . Of Lord Suwa's household, Princess Yu  refuses to commit suicide, and the film comes to center on a love triangle between the lord, his general, and the princess. The movie ends with the fourth Battle of Kawanakajima, in which Yamamoto erroneously believes his battle tactics have failed and commits a pincer attack, but is killed in action before the battle is won."] ["Cheng is a Chinese man from Guangdong who has moved to Thailand to live with his uncle. He works in an ice factory with his cousins. When a block of ice is accidentally broken, a bag of white powder falls out. Several of Cheng's cousins are asked to stay to see the manager, who tells them there are better jobs for them. The factory is really a front for a drug smuggling ring led by the Big Boss, Hsiao Mi. When they refuse to cooperate, they are killed and their bodies disposed of. Two more cousins, Hsu Chien and Ah Pei, go to Hsiao Mi's house to ask about their brothers. They realize he is hiding something and try to inform the police but Hsiao Mi has them killed. When the men at the factory realize two more men have gone missing, they riot. To ease tensions, the Big Boss now makes Cheng a foreman, providing him with alcohol and prostitutes. When one of the prostitutes tells Cheng the truth, he breaks into the factory at night and finds his cousins' bodies. He is discovered by the gangsters. Cheng fights his way out, killing the Big Boss's son Hsiao Chiun in the process. When he returns home, he finds his entire family has been murdered. He exacts revenge by killing Hsiao Mi in a final fight. He then surrenders to the Thai police, who arrive shortly after he has disposed of the Big Boss."] ['After returning home from South Korea to great acclaim, three members of the U.S. National Karate Team  set up their own martial arts studio in Las Vegas. When Travis turns up dead after taking part in a brutal underground fighting competition, it is up to the two remaining team members to investigate the murder and exact revenge upon those responsible, including the ringleader Brakus.'] ["In Southtown, young Terry and Andy Bogard are out with their master, Tung Fu Rue and their father, Jeff Bogard. Jeff is distracted by a group of poor children who beg him for money and a pretty, young flower girl as part of an attempt on his life by four attackers, one of whom succeeds in stabbing him. He is then confronted by his old rival Geese Howard, and dies of his wounds. In front of his grave, Tung makes the boys promise that in ten years they will reunite as much stronger men to punish Geese. Ten years later, Terry returns to Southtown. Geese learns of his return from his right hand man, Billy Kane, while Terry has a drink in a bar he owns. Along the way, Terry meets Lily McGuire, the beautiful Queen of South Town in a night club and later talking to some poor children and giving them food and money. He recognizes her as the flower girl who helped Geese murder his father, but does not hold it against her. Afterwards, he meets Joe Higashi, a champion Muay Thai kickboxer and a long time friend and rival of Andy. Joe is in Southtown to enter the King of Fighters tournament, and Terry befriends him upon learning that he is his brother's friend. Terry is then reacquainted with Andy and Tung. Tung tells them of a technique called the Hurricane Punch that only he knows, which he will teach to only one of them. Terry decides that both he and Andy should enter the King of Fighters tournament and should one of them be the victor, Tung will teach him the technique. When Geese learns that the brothers are entering the tournament, he sets a trap for them. He has Lily deliver poisoned champagne to Terry before his fight, but she fails because of her feelings towards him, as he is the only one who has seen her true self and might redeem her of her former sins. Terry defeats his opponent, Richard Meyer, and makes it to the final fight with his brother Andy. As the fight starts, Joe notices a man who tries assassinate the Bogards and takes the bullet intended for them. With the help of Lily, the three escape the tournament, but at the cost of Lily's life at Geese's hands. Tung himself is seriously injured by Billy Kane and hospitalized in a coma. Andy, angered by Tung's injuries, sets off to Geese's lair with Joe. Tung is able to emerge from his coma and teach Terry the Hurricane Punch, but the effort of demonstrating it kills him. Andy and Joe battle their way to confront Geese, but neither are strong enough to defeat him. After Terry arrives and sees Andy defeated, he attacks Geese using his new technique, Senpuken, which barely has an effect. He absorbs more energy and ends up with a new technique, the Hurricane Kick, which defeats Geese. Later, Terry, Andy and Joe meet up at Jeff Bogard's grave before going their separate ways."] ['A plague known as the living death cripples a civilization already ruined by “anarchy, genocide and starvation.” A small group of surviving scientists and doctors — located in Atlanta, Georgia, home of the CDC — work on a cure to save what’s left of humanity. To complete their work they need information stored on a computer system in New York City. Pearl Prophet  volunteers for the dangerous courier mission and is made into a cyborg through surgical augmentation. Pearl, accompanied by bodyguard Marshall Strat, retrieves the data in New York, but is pursued by the vicious Fender Tremolo  and his gang of “pirates”. Fender wants the cure so he can have a monopoly on its production. Strat, badly injured while fighting the pirates, tells Pearl to leave him and get to the Bronx township to look for a mercenary, known as a “slinger”, that can escort her to safety. She gets cornered, but is saved by a professional slinger, Gibson Rickenbacker . No sooner does she explain her situation then they are overrun by Fender’s gang and Gibson is knocked out by falling debris. Fender, having beheaded Strat, dangles his head in front of Pearl and tells her that he is going with her to Atlanta. There, she must bring him the cure, or “get the horror show.” Fender\'s gang slaughters a family and steals their boat. They head south for Atlanta via the Intracoastal Waterway with the captive Pearl. Gibson, who had been tracking the pirates, arrives at the scene of slaughter later that night. A shadowy figure moves to attack him, but he disables her. She turns out to be Nady Simmons , a young woman who’d been hiding since the pirate attack and thought Gibson was one of their gang. Nady reveals that her family was wiped out by the plague and that she wants to help Gibson and Pearl. Gibson is less concerned with a cure for the plague than with killing Fender. Gibson and Nady trek southward through the wastelands, and are ambushed by bandits. He tries to persuade Nady to stay away, not wanting to see her die. She tells him she does not want to see him die either, and offers herself to him, but he refuses: destroying Fender is all he cares about. In flashbacks, it is revealed Gibson he had once fallen in love and settled down in an abandoned country house with a client, Mary, and her two young siblings. Fender killed Mary and her brother, and abducted her sister Haley, forcing Gibson to take up the “slinger” lifestyle once again. Intercepting Fender and his crew near Charleston, South Carolina, Gibson defeats most of his men, but Fender shoots him with an air rifle. Now nursing a gunshot wound, Gibson realizes Haley is now a loyal member of Fender’s crew. He flees the pirates and ends up alone with Pearl and Nady. Pearl refuses to go with him—she calculates that Gibson is not strong enough to defeat Fender and will be unable to get her to Atlanta safely. She says she will go along with Fender and lure him to his death in Atlanta where she has resources at her disposal. Tired, wounded and badly outnumbered, Gibson flees with Nady through the sewer into a salt marsh, where they are pursued by the rest of the pirates and eventually separated from each other in the boggy terrain. Gibson is thoroughly beaten by Fender and crucified high on the mast of a beached, derelict ship. Haley lingers at the scene, but leaves with Fender. Gibson spends the night on the cross. In the morning, near death, he kicks the mast repeatedly with his dangling feet in a last fit of rage. The mast snaps, sending him crashing to the ground, his arms still nailed to the cross. Finally, Nady appears out of the marsh to free him. Gibson and Nady intercept Fender once again in Atlanta, this time better prepared. Fender’s gang are taken down one by one until he and Gibson face off. During their fight, Nady rushes Fender with a knife, but he stabs and kills her. Gibson in turn stabs Fender in the chest. Thinking him dead, Gibson embraces Haley. However, Fender gets back up and they continue to battle in a nearby shed, where Gibson finally kills Fender by impaling him on a meat hook. Gibson and Haley escort Pearl to her final destination, before heading back "out there".'] ['In this film, set in ancient times in China, Leslie Cheung plays an agent, Ouyang Feng, hiring famous bounty-hunters. His character is portrayed as a fallen swordsman driven by greed and heartless to both friend and foe. He was perpetually being spiteful of love as his own love history was not nearly so beautiful. His bounty-hunters came and went as was narrated by Ouyang Feng himself as based on the Tung Shu predictions. In essence, he was a loner with little love, but the bounty hunters that worked for Ouyang Feng, like Blind Swordsman and another of his best fighters, Hong Qigong, discovered the intangible secret of true love while Ouyang retained his attitude towards his fighters and the precious lessons that they have taught. However, the thread that runs through the entire narrative has clearly the spirit of refusal in the sense that one should reject another before he gets to be rejected in the future. To illustrate, nearly every character in this story has resorted to being selfish and malignant in order to prevent being rejected by others, be it in love or in comradeship as their individual hardships have moulded their attitude turning them into heartless and cold individuals in order to survive in the uncompromising desert where the story is set. It has many moral implications but is less evident since the main character is Ouyang himself and most of the narration would unquestionably be centred on him.'] ["The year after training a young Freddy Wong  in Drunken Boxing, Beggar So / Sam Seed returns to find that his wife has adopted a son Foggy. Sam takes a disliking to the boy and tortures him mentally and physically. Devastated, the boy runs away and takes a job at an inn, where he meets Rubber Legs and his student. He overhears that they are looking for Beggar So and want to kill him, making Rubber Legs' Northern 'Drunk Mantis' Boxing supreme. However, Foggy returns home to warn Beggar So, who has injured by Rubber Legs. Beggar So sends Foggy to a sickness teacher for herbs to cure him, and the doctor teaches him a dreaded style called 'Sickness Boxing'. Now, armed with this sick form of fighting, Foggy is ready for Drunk Mantis. In the end, Foggy goes berserk and kills Rubber Legs. Unable to escape from his trance, he had mistakes about a Beggar So as Rubber Legs and attacks him, the film closes as Foggy leaps after his adopted father as the doctor watches on."] ['A group of martial arts and combat masters are invited to a fighting contest, "Dead or Alive", on an isolated island within an advanced complex, with the ultimate prize being $10,000,000 dollars. Among the competitors are Kasumi , a shinobi ninja-princess looking for her brother Hayate  , Tina , a professional wrestler setting out to prove she has more potential (complicated by her father Bass , Christie , a master thief and assassin, her treacherous partner Maximillian ‘Max’ Marsh , and Hayabusa , a friend of Kasumi and Hayate who follows Kasumi to keep her safe, using the invitation to DOA for this. A final competitor is Helena Douglas , daughter of the tournament’s late founder. When they arrive, they are monitored by the island’s supervisor, Dr. Victor Donovan , who, aided by egghead Weatherby ([[Steve Howey , is gathering data  from the fights for some mysterious project. To add to the situation, an assassin from Kasumi’s colony named Ayane , has followed Kasumi to kill her and wipe away the disgrace the princess has caused to the clan. The contest plays out, with multiple contestants fighting and being defeated (including Gen Fu , Bayman , Leon  and Zack , until only Kasumi, Christie, Hayabusa and Tina are left, with Helena being defeated by Christie. During the course of the film, Max and Christie form a plan to steal over $100,000,000 stowed away inside a hidden vault. During her fight, Christie sees that the key to finding and unlocking the vault is a tattoo on the back of Helena’s neck. Meanwhile, Kasumi begins to suspect Donovan of lying about her brother being killed in the previous tournament, and Hayabusa, infiltrating the main facility to find the truth, is captured. She is more than once confronted and nearly killed by Ayane, who Kasumi tries to convince that Hayate is alive . Also, Weatherby begins to fall for Helena, and in the end tells her about what he knows of the mystery project, and that before Helena’s father could shut the project down, he died . On the final day of the tournament, wondering where Hayabusa is, Kasumi, Christie and Tina look for him and discover a secret entrance to the main complex, where they find Hayabusa unconscious. They are then gassed and captured. Meanwhile, Helena resolves to stop the mystery project, and has to fight the armed staff of the island, sent to kill her and Weatherby by Donovan. They are followed inside by Max, who finds his way to the vault, and is then knocked out by Bayman, who is working for Donovan. Inside the main complex, Donovan shows the four semifinalists the project he has been developing; an advanced form of neural interface that allows him and others to use the fighters\' combined skills to become the ultimate fighter. After ‘downloading’ the data into the device , he then shows that he kept Hayate alive and in peak condition to test the technology. He challenges Hayate to fight and win, if the others are to survive. Hayate accepts and is defeated, then thrown through a wall to die. Hayate is saved by Ayane, and the two of them apparently accept each other. With the successful demo, Donovan prepares to sell the technology around the world, and begins downloading it to the watching buyers. Weatherby stops the broadcast and alerts the CIA, which provokes Donovan to head for them. Helena keeps Donovan back while Weatherby frees the others, but both are defeated and Donovan activates a self-destruct sequence which will obliterate the base. Kasumi, Helena, Christie, Tina, Ayane and Hayate launch a combined attack on Donovan, while Hayabusa and Weatherby find Max and escape with him, despite Max\'s urge to go back for the money. During the battle with the fighters, Donovan’s ‘glasses’ are knocked off and he is easily paralyzed by Hayate and Kasumi. The fighters then all escape as the base explodes and Donovan is consumed by the flames, making their escape by a hijacked pirates\' boat. The film ends with Helena, Ayane, Christie, Tina and Kasumi preparing to fight an army of ninja in Kasumi’s palace .'] ['Wong Kai Joe  had kept hatred of his uncle Wong Ping Yee  in his heart for a very long time and did what he could to oust his uncle from the village and to claim the rights to the Dragon Head Cleaver, a symbol of power to the clan. As Wong Ping Yee was forced out of the village, he encountered Shum Ching  and her sister  by chance, and is determined to help them during the troubled times at their restaurant "Four Seas". He trains a young chef, Ken\'ichi Lung Kin Yat  to compete against Chef Tin , the head chef at "Imperial Palace", for the title of "Top Chef".'] ['The title scene is a battle between Pai Mei and a master of the Shaolin temple in an empty red backdrop . Here we get the first display of Pai Mei\'s mastery of internal kung-fu techniques that allow him to retract his privates into his groin. After using his body protection techniques to ward off a clawing attack to the face, he traps a kick to the groin from Master Zhishan and delivers his own coup de grâce. Master Zhishan\'s vision blurs as the scene changes to a more realistic scene of the aftermath of the temple\'s destruction. Bai Mei\'s protégé, area governor Kao Tsin-chung  and his army, chase the fleeing ex-students of Shao Lin. Tung Chin-chin,  after watching waves of other students fall to the pursuing army\'s arrows, makes a heroic last stand to divert their attention. He falls to a hail of arrows, crushing the throats of the soldiers he is closest to. It is left to Hung Hsi-Kuan to lead the remaining students to safety. They join an itinerant opera group which travels from town to town on iconic red junks as a front for anti-Qing forces. Along the way he encounters the comely Ying Chun, herself a master of the Crane style. Together, they have a son, whom both of them train. When area governor and student of Pai Mei, orders the destruction of the red junks, the couple retreat to a modest home where they raise their son  and Hong begins mastering the Tiger style of kung fu in preparation for challenging Pai Mei. In the meantime, Wen-Ding seems to develop a taste for piggybacking on his father after training sessions... After a decade of training, Hsi-Kuan goes to face Pai Mei, defeating several of his henchmen before retreating from his temple stronghold. Along the way, he discovers Pai Mei\'s weakness: he\'s vulnerable between one and three o\' clock. Hung trains with renewed zeal on a sophisticated life-size bronze dummy fitted with grooves representing acupuncture meridians along its surface. By releasing a vessel in the head, metal balls cascade along these grooves so that he can snatch them to train his speed and accuracy. Still, he refuses to integrate his wife\'s Crane style, to his ultimate detriment. In the final act, Hung goes to confront Pai Mei at his temple once again. He uses his training in vital point striking to catch Pai Mei off-guard. But again, he gets his foot trapped in Pai Mei\'s groin. Pai Mei tells Hung that he moves his vulnerable point up and down at will. After incapacitating Hung, Pai Mei tells the governor to keep him alive, only for Hung to kill the governor as he comes near. Pai Mei kills him with a swift but powerful blow. Wen-Ding returns to avenge his father\'s death having been forced to synthesize his father\'s Tiger style with the crane style his mother taught him. Once again, he too lands in battle with Pai Mei, getting his foot trapped in Pai Mei\'s groin. But when Pai Mei goes to break Wen-Ding\'s leg, he jumps on Pai Mei\'s shoulders piggyback-style. Wen-Ding rips off Pai Mei\'s topknot, smashes him on the now unprotected crown of his head and, as his eyes are startled open, blinds him with a brutal dual jab in the eyes. They both tumble down the temple steps as the ending explains, "A combination of Tiger and Crane styles is what finally defeated Pai Mei."'] ['The story involves the superhero Starman who is sent by the Emerald Planet to protect Earth from the nuclear holocaust threatened by the country of Meropol.'] ['Chan Sing plays a young man, Cheung Da Gong, who travels from place to place earning a living as a fighter. He fights at times on a stage before spectators, as a hired body guard and altruistically to protect shopkeepers from thugs looking to collect protection money. One day Cheung receives a letter which prompts him to return home where his elderly father is sick and dying. At his father\'s death bed Cheung vows at his father\'s behest to stay and work his family\'s farm and to give up fighting. Local gangsters try to buy Cheung\'s land and when Cheung refuses attempt to intimidate him first through threats and then by burning down his house, killing Cheung\'s sister and mother in the process. Cheung motivated by revenge hunts down the gangsters eventually tracking down their leader and killing him. The movie ends with Cheung submitting to the local authorities when he is arrested on charges of murder with the local deputy admonishing him, "You should have left retribution to the law."'] ['The film opens with Piccolo being attacked and supposedly killed by a group of shadowed fighters. He couldn\'t have been killed, because Kami still was alive and fought Garlic. Chi-Chi along with her father, Ox King, and Gohan are attacked by an unknown group of warriors. Goku is out fishing during the attack and after sensing danger, he returns only to find his son has been kidnapped. The group responsible for the attack are Garlic Jr.\'s henchmen, and it is later revealed that they were not so much holding Gohan ransom for any reason, but because they were after the four-star Dragon Ball that was attached to his hat. After retrieving the remaining Dragon Balls, Garlic Jr. summons Shenron and he immediately wishes for immortality. Shenron, never having to grant this type of demand before, grants Garlic Jr. his wish. A furious Goku arrives to try to take back his son, but soon discovers Garlic Jr.\'s new power. Kami makes an appearance  and meets up with Goku, and describes a brief history of Garlic Jr. and his father Garlic. Goku then proceeds to try to find Gohan when he is attacked by the villain\'s gang, whilst Kami faces Garlic Jr. After brief fighting, Krillin and Piccolo arrive to help. Piccolo gets revenge for being attacked earlier by defeating Garlic Jr.\'s henchman Sansho, while Goku manages to defeat the other two henchmen Ginger and Nicky. Meanwhile, Kami is getting brutally outmatched by Garlic Jr., until Goku and Piccolo rescue him. And with Garlic Jr.\'s newly obtained immortality and a new muscular second form, it seems not even Earth\'s warriors can take him down. But when Goku & Piccolo work together, two-against-one prevails, and Garlic Jr. is outclassed. Angry at his defeat, Garlic Jr. unleashes his ultimate attack, and bursting with anger, he opens up a portal known as the "Dead Zone". Intending to suck his enemies into the void, Garlic Jr. becomes frustrated with Goku\'s ability to avoid the Dead Zone, and he decides to handle Goku himself, and later force him into the Dead Zone. Things looking extremely difficult for Earth\'s hero, Goku\'s son, Gohan, becomes enraged witnessing his father and friends in danger and releases his latent energy, blasting Garlic Jr. into his own vortex to be trapped for an eternity. Remarkably, in the end of it all, Gohan doesn\'t remember a thing of what happened, instead believing that his father defeated Garlic Jr., and with amazement, Goku figures his son is no ordinary boy, but one with a great hidden potential. At the end of the film, Piccolo is seen from above, looking down on Goku and his friends and vows that one day, he will defeat Goku.'] ["The film is set in Dengfeng, Henan, during the warlord era of early Republican China. The warlord Hou Jie  defeats a rival, Huo Long, and seizes control of Dengfeng. Huo Long flees to Shaolin Temple to hide but Hou Jie appears and shoots him after getting his Huo's treasure map. Hou Jie ridicules the Shaolin monks before leaving. Feeling that his sworn brother, Song Hu, is taking advantage of him, Hou sets a trap for Song in a restaurant, under the guise of agreeing to his daughter's engagement to Song's son. Meanwhile, Hou's deputy, Cao Man , feeling that he was being used by Hou, decides to betray him. During the dinner, Song shows his intention to retire and cedes everything to Hou but was informed that Hou intends to kill him. Out of rage and embarrassment, Hou fatally wounds Song. Both families were then attacked by Cao's assassins. Despite being shot by Hou, Song saves Hou to allow him to escape and Song dies subsequently. While fleeing, Hou's wife and daughter separated. Hou's wife is rescued by some passing-by Shaolin monks, who were stealing rice from the military granary to help the refugees living near the temple. Hou manages to escape with his daughter, but his daughter was severely injured when she was knocked down by the assassins's horse carriage. After a chase by the assassins on horse carriages, Hou and his daughter fall off a cliff. In desperation, Hou Jie brings his daughter to Shaolin, begging the monks to save her life, but it is too late and she dies of her injuries. Hou Jie's wife blames him for the death of their daughter and leaves him. Hou Jie attacks the monks in anger but is quickly subdued. Hou becomes disillusioned and wanders near Shaolin, until he meets the cook monk Wudao , who provides him with food and shelter. Hou feels guilty for his past misdeeds and decides to become a monk and atone for his sins. During his stay in Shaolin, Hou Jie gradually understands Shaolin's principles through study and practising martial arts, mends his ways and finds peace and enlightenment from his heart. From the refugees, Hou discovers Cao had recruited male refugees to build a railway, which he objected when he was still a warlord, and they have yet to return after several days. Hou discovers that Cao was unearthing Chinese relics on pretext of building a railway and the refugees were massacred afterwards to silence them. After Cao is informed that Hou is still alive, he leads his soldiers to Shaolin temple to capture Hou. Hou volunteers to go with Cao to distract him while the monks break into Cao's house to save the imprisoned labourers. Hou was reunited with his wife and escaped with her when his plan to rescue the labourers succeeded. Hou's senior, Jingneng, is brutally killed by Cao Man while covering for his juniors to escape. Upon returning to Shaolin Temple, the monks decide that they need to evacuate the temple to avoid further trouble. Wudao leads the refugees away while Hou and the other monks remain behind to defend the temple and buy time. Cao arrives with his troops and attack Shaolin. At the same time, the foreigners feel that they have been cheated and decide to silence Cao and Shaolin. They bombard Shaolin with artillery, resulting in heavy casualties for both the Shaolin monks and Cao's forces. Hou defeats Cao in a fight and eventually sacrifices himself to save Cao from being crushed by a falling beam and falls into the Buddha statue's palm and dies peacefully, leaving Cao feeling guilty. The surviving monks succeed in overcoming the foreigners and stopping the bombardment. Meanwhile, the refugees, fleeing on a mountainside, begin crying as they gaze upon the Shaolin temple in ruins. Wudao tells them that the Shaolin spirit will continue to live in them even though the temple has been destroyed. Before the evacuation of Shaolin Temple, Hou met his wife for the last time. Repenting for his past mistakes, Hou passes the urn containing his daughter's cremated ashes to his wife. Hou's wife forgives Hou for his past, and accepts the fact that she can no longer be with him even though she prefer the present Hou compared to the past. Hou refused to leave Shaolin and stay behind for Shaolin's and refugees' defence, in admission that Cao's present evil doings stems from his own past misdeeds and he is responsible in guiding Cao back to the correct path."] ["Nuvo hangs out with a group of pals who have an inordinate interest in getting high, and like his buddies he's always interested in the next new chemical to come along. Nuvo and his friends Swatch, Chad, Theo and Ping. have heard about a new drug called the Helix, but while they'd like to give it a try, word on the street is that it has rather unpredictable effects—used properly, it can give its users deep enlightenment, but a bad trip can literally cause you to lose your mind. Nuvo's interest in the Helix is more philosophical than recreational, and he falls in with two mysterious figures, Infiniti and Orpheum, who are searching for The Other One—a person who can break through to a new level of understanding while tripping on the Helix."] ['The film has a similar theme to The Young Master . The young and undisciplined Jackie  undergoes the tutelage of a nomadic master who has a rigorous training style focusing upon the hardening of the fist. Jackie has been intrigued by kung fu since he was a boy, but he cannot afford to pay for lessons. He later meets an old beggar, "The Man Who Isn\'t There", who offers to teach him the secrets of fighting. After years of training under his sifu, his skills advance, but his father forbids him to practice. After a series of fights with a local gang of extortionists, and progressively more severe punishments from his father, he fends off the gang once more. In retribution, the gang burn down his house, killing Jackie\'s father. To avenge his father\'s death, Jackie agrees to a blindfolded fight against the gang leader, .'] ['Nine young samurai are worried about corruption in the leadership of their clan. They believe that the lord chamberlain, Mutsuta, is corrupt after tearing up a petition against organised crime. One samurai told the superintendent of this, who agreed to intervene. As the nine meet secretly at a temple and discuss their problem, a ronin  emerges from another room where he had been resting. The ronin had overheard their plans, and suggests that the superintendent is in fact the real corrupt official. While at first the samurai are insulted by his claims, they soon find themselves surrounded by the official\'s men, proving that he was correct. The ronin fights off the men in return for money, however after realizing that Mutsuta could now be in danger, he decides to help the samurai bring down the corruption. They first begin by rescuing Mutsuta\'s wife  and daughter , but they remain oblivious to the danger around them, and maintain a cheery civility in contrast to the young samurai. The group hide in a house within the chamberlain\'s compound. Musuta\'s wife asks the ronin\'s name; looking out the window at tsubaki  trees, he invents the name Tsubaki Sanjūrō . The lady insists that Sanjuro refrain from unnecessary killing. The lady compares Sanjuro to a "glittering sword" and remarks that "the best sword stays in its scabbard." The Superintendent\'s henchman Hanbei Muroto , and several other corrupt officials address a plan to outsmart the chamberlain\'s followers. First they arrest the chamberlain by making a false claim that he has been in charge of organised crime. Afterwards, they try to lure out the samurai by setting out a patrol of palanquins, believing that the samurai will think the officials are in them and attack. This backfires on them and leaves them deeply humiliated. Throughout the film, Sanjuro is considered by some of the samurai as a problem figure: he has bad manners, behavior unbecoming a samurai, weird ways to express his thoughts, often seems lazy and disinterested during planning, and a flippant attitude regarding violence. Sanjuro decides to get closer to Hanbei\'s master by going undercover as his henchman. Mistrust causes several of the samurai believe he is switching sides. The samurai agree that four of them will follow him: two who believed in him and two who did not. However, Sanjuro realizes he is being followed and the four are easily captured. When Hanbei leaves to request reinforcements Sanjuro frees the samurai, at the expense of having to kill all the guards. He demands the four samurai tie him up, and is found in disgrace. Understanding Hanbei cannot hire him after such a fiasco, Sanjuro insincerely commits to finding the attackers. The next day, Mutsuta\'s wife and daughter find a parchment of the torn up petition flowing from a stream through the compound. The samurai realise that Mutsuta is being imprisoned in the room opposite where the samurai are staying. While at first they consider a full on attack at the officials, they soon find that the superintendent\'s entire force is surrounding them, meaning an attack would end in slaughter. Sanjuro hatches a plan to get the army out of the compound, and then sending a sign to attack through camellias down the stream. The first part of the plan works and the force is moved, however Hanbei catches him trying to send the sign and ties him up. When the officials realise that Sanjuro has moved the army on purpose, Hanbei races off to retrieve them. In a comedic scene, Sanjuro tricks the remaining officials into making the Samurai attack. It works and they manage to rescue the Chamberlain. Hanbei returns later to find he has been made a fool of once more. Later the samurai find that Sanjuro has left the compound. After racing off to find him, he is found with Hanbei, about to duel. Sanjuro is reluctant to fight and tries to dissuade Hanbei saying that if they do fight, one of them would die and there is nothing to be gained from that. Hanbei insists and the two face each other, feeling that he will not be at ease unless one of them is put to rest. Sanjuro kills Hanbei. A fountain of blood gushes from Hanbei. When the young samurai cheer his victory, Sanjuro becomes extremely agitated and angry at their naïve insensitivity. He states that dead adversary was exactly like him, so that at least he now has an understanding of what he really represents. Sanjuro then leaves.'] ['A complex story, about a stolen piece of jade which falls into the hands of a habitual gambler  and his arrogant anti-hero body guard , a knife throwing expert. Various individuals want the jade from Lung Wei for their own purposes , particularly a con-woman played by Shirley Yu and her hired help to get it played by Lo Mang who hide in a small hotel, another woman  and her hired help played by Chiang Sheng, and a handless off and on villain played by Lu Feng. Previously Xiao Quiang and Chiang Sheng offered a duel to Lu Feng to defeat his new sword technique and if he lost he would lose his hand. The sword was made by a blacksmith played by Kuo Chui who formerly made weapons for kung fu experts with his only payment being for the experts to teach him their kung fu style, therefore Kuo himself is an expert at various forms of kung fu. However, he retired from making weapons after Lu Feng used his new sword to try to kill Kuo. Lu Feng indeed lost his hand and lived as a reformed vagabond until hearing about the jade, so he approached Kuo Chui to apologize and ask for a new weapon to replace his hand but Kuo Chui refuses. Shirley Yu and Lo Mang approach Wang Lung Wei about the jade and offer him a price , however Fu Sheng hears this and challenges Lo Mang who is also a knife expert to a duel which ends up a draw when Wang Lung Wei intervenes. Chiang Sheng approaches Shirley Yu in private and tries to rape her however he is killed by her forcing his employer to go solo in getting the jade. Eventually a police captain and his daughter  hear about the stolen jade. Kara Hui goes undercover as a maid in Wang Lung Wei’s house and captures the attention of the interested Fu Sheng which gets him to thinking about changing his lifestyle. Lo Mang approaches Kuo Chui about making more knives for him but again Kuo refuses to make weapons causing Lo Mang to get angry and attack Kuo. Kuo counters all of Lo Mang’s knives and destroys them leaving Lo Mang with no weapons to defend himself and retreat. At this point another  approaches Kuo about how he “does” have weapons  and kills a bunch of thugs who also came looking for Kuo to make weapons. Lastly another individual arrives which is the owner of the escort party who lost the jade who asks for Kuo’s help in getting it back. Kuo offers to help but gets assistance from two individuals, he makes an iron hand with darts for Lu Feng if Feng offers to help and goes straight, he also makes replacement knives for Lo Mang if he also helps and offers to go straight in which both of them agree. At this point everyone flocks to Wang Lung Wei’s place to get the jade, Shirley Yu and Lo Mang, Kuo Chui and Lu Feng and the  who employed Chiang Sheng, with Kara Hui and Fu Sheng already on the scene and the police captain waiting at the hotel. Everyone arrives and Kuo gambles with Wang Lung Wei for the jade saying if he wins he keeps the jade and if he loses he dies. Kuo rigs the gambling piece so that the outcome will be “death” either way for Wang Lung Wei. Wang Lung Wei attempts to escape but is killed by the darts in Lu Fengs iron hand. Lu Feng grabs the jade and returns to his usual self  and threatens to kill everyone with his new iron hand if he doesn’t get the jade. Lo Mang attempts to apprehend him but Lu Feng catches his knives with his iron hand and kills the . Lu Feng tries to fire another dart which backfires and kills him as Kuo rigged his iron hand to need to be “reset” after the fourth dart is fired or it will backfire. Lo Mang and Fu Sheng then get into another knife contest to settle the previous duel which was a draw, this contest ends up being another draw until Fu Sheng throws a magnetic knife which catches Lo Mangs knives and kills him. Kuo Chui tries to give the jade to Fu Sheng and Kara Hui to give it back to the police but Shirley Yu takes her hostage and escapes. Kuo goes after Shirley Yu in the hotel and Fu Sheng goes to check on Kara Hui. Shirley Yu has the jade, but then is murdered by an unknown ninja assassin, who doesn’t find the jade but escapes anyway. The innkeeper ends up finding the jade, but Kuo convinces him to give it up, and Kuo proceeds to return it to the escort service owner. The policeman, Kara Hui and Fu Sheng arrive looking for the jade. After talking to the innkeeper, the policeman tells him to go find Kuo, explaining that a trap for Kuo has been set up by the escort service, who wants to keep the jade, as it’s worth more than the reward. Kuo meets the escort service but is ambushed and injured. The innkeeper returns to tell Fu Sheng, who tracks down the escort service, but not in time to save Kuo Chui. He kills the boss and his men and returns the jade to the police.'] ["Tae-soo tries to steal from a gang. The gang catches Tae-Soo's brother, Tae-Jin, instead. The incident causes the brothers to separate. Tae-Soo becomes a mob fixer and an assassin. Tae-Jin becomes a police detective. When a call brings the brothers together, they get ready for brotherly bonding, but Tae-Jin gets killed. Tae-Soo decides to get revenge on his brother's killer."] ['This film takes place in an apocalyptic land of the future known as The Wheelzone. In this place there are no cars and people travel on skates and skateboards. The plot of this film traces the exploits of Hawk Goodman , who is on a quest to rescue several young ladies from the grasp of the evil overlord Pharaoh . Because this film was composed of footage taken from the other two features associated with this project, The Legend of the Roller Blade Seven follows a very similar storyline to The Roller Blade Seven, with a few elements added from Return of the Roller Blade Seven. Most notably, a very extensive fight scene where a large number of combatants battle with samurai swords and martial arts.'] ['Casey Bowman is an American orphan who was adopted into a martial arts dojo in Japan. Because of his perseverance and desire to master bushido, he earns the respect of the dojo\'s sensei and his daughter Namiko. However, the dojo\'s top student Masazuka becomes bitter over Namiko\'s friendship with Casey until one morning, during a sparring match, he loses his temper and nearly kills Casey by throwing a katana at him. In defense, Casey scars Masazuka below his right eye. As a result of his actions, Masazuka is banished from the dojo by the sensei. Years later, Masazuka becomes an assassin under contract with an American conglomerate called Temple Industries, which itself runs an underground criminal cult known as "The Ring". He returns to his former dojo and claims in vain the sensei\'s succession as sōke, but the sensei refuses to oblige. Anticipating an invasion by Masazuka, the sensei assigns Casey and Namiko to guard an old chest called the Yoroi Bitsu, which contains the suit and weapons of an ancient ninja. Before Masazuka storms through the dojo and murders the sensei, Casey and Namiko manage to take the Yoroi Bitsu to New York City, where they keep it safe at Triborough University\'s vault with the help of the sensei\'s friend Professor Garrison. They are tracked down by Masazuka, who sends Temple\'s thugs to take down the couple. While Casey and Namiko are on the run from the thugs, they are framed for the murder of Professor Garrison and arrested. During their interrogation, Casey is ridiculed by Detective Traxler for his story of a ninja for causing the deaths of many innocent bystanders, yet the very ninja slips inside the station under disguise. Masazuka cuts the power in the precinct and takes down several police officers in the dark before incapacitating Namiko. In the midst of the chaos, Casey saves Traxler from being gunned down by Masazuka before the assassin leaves the premises with Namiko, while Casey himself disappears. After receiving a tip-off through a member of Temple\'s thugs, Casey storms through Temple Industries, retrieving Masazuka\'s phone number from the firm\'s president. He calls Masazuka and sets up a meeting place to exchange the Yoroi Bitsu for Namiko\'s life. Casey then rushes to the university to retrieve the chest and don the ninja suit and arsenal. At a construction site, Masazuka releases Namiko once the Yoroi Bitsu is lowered from a crane, only to discover the chest emptied of its contents. The two men prepare for a final showdown, but members of The Ring stage an ambush under Temple\'s orders to kill the trio. Casey, Masazuka and Namiko dispatch the thugs before Masazuka uses a blowgun to shoot a poison dart at Namiko and taunts Casey with the antidote bottle. Masazuka, however, drops the bottle, forcing Casey into a fit of rage. As an NYPD helicopter flashes its spotlight on the fight, Masazuka uses a ninjutsu technique to blind Casey with the reflections from his katana and disappear in front of him, but Casey uses his instincts to counter-attack and impale Masazuka from behind. Casey is saddened that he is unable to save Namiko, but upon remembering his sensei\'s teachings of a ninja\'s katana possessing the power to both kill and heal, he discovers that the handle of his katana contains the antidote. Within seconds, the antidote neutralizes the poison as Namiko awakens. Before they leave, Casey grants Masazuka\'s wish for decapitation. The next morning, Traxler informs Casey and Namiko that Temple has been arrested and The Ring has been broken. He then hands them their passports, telling them to leave New York for good. The couple return to Japan to pay their respects to their late sensei and continue running their dojo.'] ['Chi Tien-wei has been elected Chief of the jianghu after his three disciples eliminate the most feared fighters in the jianghu, namely: the "Militant Dragon and Tiger", the "Devil Stars" and the "Three Horrid Mice". However not everyone is pleased at Wei\'s appointment as Chief and many anonymous fighters and wizards are sent to upset his household, "The First family". Soon Chi Tien-wei realizes that there is a betrayer within his own house.'] ['Magobei Wakizaka is a samurai for the Sabai clan. A nearby island, Sado, boasts a rich gold mine which provides plentiful richesThis gold was called goyokin, roughly translated as "gold for official use", hence the title of the film. for the Tokugawa clan. When one of the gold ships sink, the local farmers recover some of the gold, intending to return it to the Tokugawa clan. However, Magobei\'s clan master, Rokugo Tatewaki, takes the gold and slaughters the farmers so they cannot report the gold stolen. Magobei is appalled. He promises not to report Rokugo to the shogunate in exchange for Rokugo \'s promise to never do so again. However, three years later, assassins sent by Rokugo\'s retainer, Kunai, come for Magobei, who is living in Edo. He realizes that Rokugo intends to steal more gold and slaughter more innocents. So Magobei returns to Sabai to face his former master. Rokugo hires another ronin, Samon Fujimaki, to kill Magobei, but Magobei eventually wins him over. Also, along the way, Magobei meets a young woman, Oriha, who survived the original slaughter. She and her brother, Rokuzo, join him on his way to Sabai. At Sabai they learn that Rokugo intends to move a bonfire, which serves as a warning to passing ships against dangerous rocks, so that a gold ship will hit the rocks and sink. After recovering the gold, Rokugo intends to slaughter the peasants who help him in this endeavor. The combined efforts of Magobei, Samon, Oriha, and Rokuzo result in the correct bonfire being lit, the fake bonfire being put out, and the innocent peasants\' lives being saved. Thus the gold-bearing ship evades the rocks. In a final showdown, amid falling snow, Magobei slays Rokugo, but is wounded by one of Rokugo \'s throwing knives.'] ["Air Force courier Nick Corrigan is sent to deliver a message to a nuclear missile base in a remote corner of the Midwest. Unbeknownst to him, however, a gang of terrorists have taken over the base in the hopes of launching the missiles at all of the nation's largest cities. In a panic, they lock Nick in the base, thinking to keep him from interfering with their plans. Little do they know, however, that Sgt. Corrigan is a former Special Forces soldier who is more than capable of shutting them down single-handedly."] ['Pootie Tang , born in "a small city outside Gary, Indiana", is portrayed as a ladies\' man who is "too cool for words", even as a young child. His life is marked by the deaths of his mother "Momma Dee", and shortly thereafter his father "Daddy Tang" , who dies after being mauled by a gorilla during his shift at the steel mill . Just before Daddy Tang\'s death, Pootie inherits his father\'s belt and is told that  he can "whoop anyone\'s ass with just that belt." As a young adult, Pootie Tang rises to fame and becomes well known for a variety of reasons. He sings in night clubs, stars in public service announcements for children, produces top-of-the-charts music hits, and generally defeats wrongdoers with the power of his belt. Dick Lecter , the CEO of multi-industrial conglomerate LecterCorp, learns of Pootie Tang\'s positive influence on society — and his negative influence on LecterCorp\'s bottom line. After his henchmen and a vile villain named Dirty Dee  are sent away by Pootie\'s friends, Lecter encourages his right-hand lady, Ireenie , to seduce Pootie Tang into signing an agreement with LecterCorp that would stop Pootie Tang\'s influence on America\'s children. Pootie Tang falls for Ireenie\'s tricks and subsequently falls apart. His status as pop culture icon is destroyed, and he engages on a quest to "find [him]self". This journey is encouraged by Biggie Shortie , who promises to wait for Pootie to return to her and to the rest of society. Pootie moves to a farm where the local sheriff decides Pootie and his daughter should start dating. After his single corn stalk dies, he has a vision of Daddy Tang and Momma Dee. Daddy Tang reveals that there is nothing special about Pootie\'s belt; instead, Pootie must fight evil with the goodness that is inside him. After dealing with Dirty Dee and his henchman Froggy , Pootie realizes he must move back to the city and fight crime once again. Pootie Tang returns to the city just as Dick Lecter is unveiling the first of his new restaurant chain, Pootie\'s Bad Time Burgers. At a small news conference, Pootie confronts Lecter only to discover that Lecter has amassed dozens of "Pootie-alikes"  who will spread the message of LecterCorp around the nation. Pootie Tang, with the help of Biggie Shortie, defeats all of these henchmen and Lecter himself. Good triumphs over evil once again, and Biggie Shortie finally gets her man: she and Pootie Tang plan to get married now that Pootie is back. Elsewhere, Dick Lecter leaves corporate life and becomes an actor, Ireenie leaves him and becomes a counselor helping at-risk teenage prostitutes, and Dirty Dee is still dirty.'] ["A former Shaolin monk, Tian Long , and his younger brother, Di Long , raise eight orphan boys whom they saved from murdering bandits ravaging their home village. The children refer to Tian Long as their father and Di Long as their uncle and are taught Shaolin kungfu by the two. All have taken the last character name of Long . They settle at the mountainous area at Lijiang where they stay in a hut. The Long boys are playful and often bicker and fight with the daughters of the Feng  family who live just across the river and practice the Wudangquan style of martial arts. The mischievous San Long , the oldest of the Long children, likes to tease the third sister of the Feng family, San Feng  who is a tomboy in her late teens and who has a nasty temper. The Feng patriarch Bao Feng  is trying for a boy heir, yet he has only nine daughters. Meanwhile, the Long family are saving up in order to pay the bride price - ten oxen - so that Tian Long can marry the eldest Feng girl. The marriage plans are met with some resistance: the Feng matriarch likes Tian Long, but Bao Feng believes he is out to steal his Wudang martial arts. Nonetheless, he agrees to marry off his eldest daughter if his wife gives birth to a son. Meanwhile, the vicious bandits who orphaned the eight Long boys have been training in secret for ten years to revenge the Shaolin counter-attack which injured them when they looted the village. A cross-eyed member of the bandits poses as a Taoist soothsayer to infiltrate the Fengs to learn their martial arts and abduct their daughters. The Feng matriarch manages to conceive and bear a male son. The bogus priest now dupes Bao Feng into believing the Long family is his nemesis. The Long family, he claims, has been throwing off the yin and yang balance for the Fengs, making it impossible for the wife to bear a male heir. Bao Feng changes his mind and refuses to accept the Long family's bride price. Di Long is in love with Er Feng , the second daughter, and to fulfil the couple, San Long and San Feng help the two elope. For their disobedience against feudal rules, San Feng and San Long are sentenced to be drowned. But the two manage to escape underwater. San Long hides San Feng in a cave. San Long is struck by San Feng's beauty in female clothes and San Feng is grateful to San Long for rescuing her. The two develop romantic feelings for each other. The bogus priest informs Bao Feng where his daughter is hiding and Bao Feng pursues her, then fights San Feng in the cave, accusing the latter of abducting his daughter and stealing his swordplay style. Tian Long finds the two fighting, breaks them up and allows Bao Feng to bring San Feng home. Meanwhile, the Long boys are maligned by the bogus priest for abducting the Feng newborn. The Long family vow never to step into the Feng residence again. Once their evil plot has become successful, the bandits burn down the Long's hut and show their true colors to Bao Feng. They attempt to kidnap his daughters. The Feng family tries desperately to fight them until the Long family arrives. By combining their martial arts expertise, the two families roundly defeat and kill all remaining bandits. The film ends with a dual marriage: Tian Long marries Da Feng  while Di Long marries Er Feng. The families are reconciled. Bao Feng readily admits his folly and San Long and San Feng have also become a couple."] ["In the near future, Michael Jennings is a reverse engineer; he analyzes his clients' competitors' technology and recreates it, often adding improvements beyond the original specifications. To protect his clients' intellectual property and himself, Jennings, with the aid of his friend Shorty, undertakes a memory wipe to remove knowledge of his engineering. Jennings is approached by his old college roommate, James Rethrick, the CEO of the successful technology company Allcom. Rethrick proposes a lengthy three-year reverse engineering job to Jennings, requiring him to live on Allcom's secured campus until its conclusion but rewarding him handsomely with company stock. Jennings agrees, and after arranging for his long-term absence, arrives at Allcom, turns in his personal possessions, and is given a brief tour of the facility where he meets and flirts with botanist Dr. Rachel Porter. He is injected with a long-term memory marker for the post-job memory wipe. Three years later, at the conclusion of the memory wipe, Jennings is sitting in Rethrick's office, being thanked for a successful job. On returning home, Jennings finds that while the Allcom stock has become quite valuable , he had signed away his share near the end of his tenure. Furthermore, he finds that his personal possessions have been replaced with an envelope containing a random assortment of everyday items. He is soon captured by the FBI on charges related to the death of physicist William Dekker. Jennings is able to escape custody, finding that the items in the envelope can be used at the right time to evade capture. After warning Shorty of his plight, he finds the items pointing him to a cafe meeting with Porter. Rethrick, who has been watching Jennings' movements, discovers a message to Porter of this meeting and sends a body double to take her place to try to recover the envelope. The real Porter shows up and helps Jennings to escape from both the FBI and Rethrick's men. They take shelter at a local school, examining the remaining items in the envelope while Porter tries to convince Jennings of the relationship they shared during his tenure at Allcom. One of the stamps holds a microdot that, on enlargement, reveals several pictures taken from a machine's display showing Allcom becoming financially successful with a device that can see the future, but ultimately leading to political strife and nuclear war. Jennings realizes he must have built this device using Dekker's knowledge, and on realizing the horrors that will come, prepared the envelope using the forecasts from the machine to allow his future self to return to Allcom and destroy the unit. Furthermore, as Rethrick shortly discovers, Jennings rigged the device to malfunction, preventing Rethrick from anticipating Jennings' actions. Jennings and Porter return to Allcom and make their way to the machine room undetected, jamming the door behind them. Jennings determines the location of the defective circuit and removes it, subsequently rigging the machine to explode in a few minutes. Jennings uses the machine one last time, seeing a vision of himself being shot by an FBI agent in the catwalks above the machine. Soon, Rethrick's men storm the room, and after a brief firefight, Jennings and Porter escape to the catwalks. Rethrick is waiting there, holding them at gunpoint, the same tableau Jennings previously saw. When Jennings' watch, taken from the envelope, beeps, Jennings ducks in time to avoid the FBI agent's bullet which ends up killing Rethrick. The machine is destroyed, and Jennings and Porter escape from the FBI in the chaos. When the FBI agents arrive and investigate, they take sympathy and report Jennings killed in the destruction. In the film's conclusion, Jennings, Porter, and Shorty have opened a greenhouse nursery. Jennings recalls a fortune cookie note from the envelope, and discovers one last act he had done with the machine, predicting the results of a 90 million dollar lottery and leaving the winning ticket in Porter's birdcage."] ["Blood Brothers follows two aimless bandits Chang Wen Hsiang  and Huang Chang  who attempt to rob Ma Xinyi . Unable to defeat him, they join forces and are soon thrashing hoodlums and even taking over a nearby group of bandits. But soon it becomes apparent Ma's ambitions far out reach those of his friends, he seeks a position in local government. Having left them behind they meet again. Now a general, Ma still in not about to let anything stand in the way of his goals - which now include defeating the 'long hair' bandits and Huang's wife Mi Lan ([[Ching Li . The attraction is mutual, with her seeing potential of this ambitious man. Whilst Chang and Huang are off fighting the bandits Ma and Mi have an affair and he arranges for Huang to be assassinated rather than let his position fall into disgrace. As Chang recounts his tale to the local Marshall, held for the murder of his blood brother, the inevitability of his fate is always clear. After Ma's men take their revenge, Mi Lan is left to recall over the good times and all the trouble she's caused."] ['Lee Yi Min stars as a young boy, Ah Pao, who wants to learn kung fu so that he can avenge his father\'s death at the hands of the Ghost Faced Killer . The Ghost Faced Killer meanwhile is hunting down a number of clan leaders who all conspired to have him killed. Before attacking, the killer always throws down his "ghost face killing plate," a decorated metal plate with a red face. He then uses his distinctive five elements style. Ah Pao attends a local kung fu school but is bullied by the seniors. However, the school\'s cook  helps the boy and teaches him some moves. These prove to be adequate for his day-to-day living but cannot fulfill his deep desire for revenge. When Ah Pao is found in possession of the Ghost Faced Killers\' symbol, he is expelled from school. Still wishing to learn kung fu, he turns to an old xiangqi  master Chi Sue Tin , recommended by the cook, for training. The master is an old enemy of the Ghost Faced Killer who reveals his former identity: he was a former kung fu chief who held sway over the area with his fellow fighters, but he was forced to go into hiding after being badly injured in a fight and also coming under scrutiny by the Ghost Faced Killer. Chi Sue agrees to teach Lee his chess boxing kung fu. Ah Pao finally learns the strategic link between chess and kung fu. He and Chi Sue Tin team up using double horse style, a reference to xiangqi, and they defeat the Ghost Faced Killer.'] ['Rutger Hauer plays Nick Parker, an American soldier who is blinded while serving in the Vietnam War. Parker is blinded by a mortar explosion, but is soon after rescued by local villagers, who help him recover his health . As part of his recovery, he is taught to be an expert swordsman by the local master. Years later, having returned to the United States, he visits old army-buddy Frank Deveraux , only to find that Deveraux is missing. Parker then rescues Frank\'s son Billy  from an attack in which Billy\'s mother  is shot and killed by the henchmen of Frank\'s evil boss, MaCready . These men apparently want to kidnap Billy in order to use him as leverage over Frank. Parker and Billy, chased by MaCready\'s men and lead villain , make their way to Reno, Nevada, where Deveraux is being forced to make designer drugs, which MaCready plans to sell at his casino. Along the way, the two grow fond of each other after a rough start, and numerous attacks by the bad guys are foiled by Nick and his skills. Impressed by Parker\'s martial-arts skill, MaCready hires a Master Ninja  to defeat Parker once and for all. This leads to an epic sword-fight between the two in MaCready\'s penthouse, in which Nick eventually wins by submerging the room into darkness so that he has the advantage. With MaCready and his men dead, Billy is reunited with his father. A tearful Frank confesses to Parker that he has long blamed himself for the accident in Vietnam, and Frank is now able to forgive himself. Although now considered "Uncle Nick" to the young Billy, Parker leaves Frank and Billy to travel on his own.'] ["The film starts out with a thief stealing jewelry from a millionaire Chin Pai Wen . The family believes it was done by the infamous Flower Kid, who steals from the rich and gives it to the poor. They then hire Sheriff Butcher Wing  to find him. However, Chin's wife  suggests Skinny Gee , a con man who catches crooks, instead. So Butcher Wing tries to get Skinny Gee by framing him for harassing his sister and offers him a deal if he finds the Flower Kid. Gee manages to Flower Kid. Gee then tells Wing a plan to arrest Flower Kid by setting him up. They fail and Wing arrests Gee for fooling him. Flower Kid then arrives, disguised as a woman, to rescue Gee out of jail. It was a set up by Flower Kid and Gee. Later it is revealed that he is not the real Flower Kid. He is a man named Fatso  who idolizes Flower Kid and pretends to be him. Fatso and Gee later finds the real Flower Kid , who is now old and retired. Then it was also revealed who the thief was at the beginning of the film, a lover of Lady Chin. Later, Lady Chin hires an assassin Chung Fat Pak  to kill Flower Kid. The assassin also kills Lady Chin's lover. Fatso and Gee tries to get a bodyguard for Flower Kid. The bodyguard is a knife throwing expert. He engages in a Mexican-standoff against Never Miss  a gun expert. Never Miss kills the bodyguard. Then Fatso and Gee start training Flower Kid to get his confidence and energy back. During this time, Chung kills Chin Pai Wen. Later, Fatso and Gee also hired a family to act as victim of Chung to get Flower Kid's confidence to battle Chung. The trio then proceeds to find Chung where they engage in a big fight at Chin's funeral. First, Fatso and Gee battles Chung's two henchmen and Flower Kid fights Chung. This is the first 5 minutes of the film... Then, Fatso and Gee kill the henchmen and then Fatso fights Chung eventually killing him in the end. Then, Flower Kid leaves town. In the end, Gee is arrested again, Fatso is arrested too, but he was rewarded out to be sheriff and instead Wing takes his spot in jail."] ['When teenagers Josh  and Ling  join their respective parents, Chris  and Dr. Li  on an archaeological dig in China they encounter something trapped beneath a temple beyond their wildest imagination. A real live Chinese dragon. With the Dragon Pearl buried on the excavation site, Josh and Ling implore their parents for help, but met with disbelief the children realize they must ﬁnd the pearl on their own. However thereʼs one who does believe them: archaeologist Philip Dukas , who wants to seize the pearlʼs awesome power for his own sinister ambitions. The only way to stop him is for Josh and Ling to get to it ﬁrst and return it to its rightful owner.'] ['{{Plot}} Jackie aka Asian Hawk  used to perform in a band with his friends Alan  and Lorelei  before he was kicked out of the band by Alan, who wanted Lorelei for himself. At the beginning of the film, Jackie steals a sword from an African tribe that is one of the five pieces of a valuable armour known as the Armour of God. Alan is still a successful singer and Lorelei is a renowned fashion-designer. During the course of the film, Jackie is shown trying to sell the Armour of God via auction. He has a secretly placed an artificial bidder whose job is to increase the bids by bidding a few hundred dollars more than the highest bidder. Although unexpected, the armour manages to get an astronomical bid by May Bannon. Happy with his grand fortune, Jackie goes back to his hotel where he discovers a big stack of messages from Alan informing Jackie of his arrival. When Jackie and Alan meet, Alan out of desperation  tells Jackie of an evil cult which has kidnapped Lorelei and demands the Armour of God as ransom. At this, Jackie sees the opportunity to remind Alan about their past failed friendship. Jackie decides to aid Alan in rescuing Lorelei from the evil religious cult that has stolen her in hopes of Asian Hawk delivering the last three pieces of the Armor to them as they have the other two. With this information, Jackie is able to convince May Bannon and her father to borrow the three pieces with the promise that Jackie would return with all five to May\'s father. Soon, Jackie, Alan, and May starts the quest of bringing the whole set of the Armour of God. The trio goes to the marketplace where the kidnappers will be. May has a sniper rifle and will watch Jackie and Alan do. Alan walks around the marketplace carrying a bag that tricks the kidnappers, thinking it\'s the Armour of God. Soon, one of the kidnappers approaches Alan and shows Alan a picture of Lorelei. Alan follows the kidnappers, and Jackie starts moving around Alan. One of the kidnappers opened Alan\'s bag, and it turns out that it wasn\'t the Armour of God. Jackie bursts into action and fights the first two kidnappers. Jackie and Alan chase the first two kidnappers, but, the kidnappers had a bunch of men hiding. Jackie and Alan are chased and a car chase ensues. Alan starts to worry about Lorelei and the Armour of God, but Jackie says that it would have not saved Lorelei, Alan gets fed up with Jackie. Eventually, they manage to get away. Later, Alan asks a waiter what the kidnappers do. The waiter said that the kidnappers buy food and take some women on board. Jackie, Alan, and May decide to go into the kidnappers\' place, and tries to blend in with the people on board. Soon, the kidnappers give Lorelei an injection that will put her under a spell for three days and bring back the Armour of God back to the kidnappers\' place. Soon, the kidnappers knew something suspicious about the people. Jackie, Alan, and May bring Lorelei back to their place. Since Lorelei is under a spell, she gave Alan the same injection as herself and stole the three pieces of the Armour of God. Jackie decides to find out about Alan and Lorelei and goes to the kidnappers\' place. In the kidnappers\' place, Jackie finds Alan and Lorelei tied up. Jackie frees them and ambushes the kidnappers. Jackie finds the Armour of God in a different room and the leader of the kidnappers starts to attack Jackie with his women, who are "killing machines". After defeating the kidnappers\' leader of his women, the leader has all of his men attack Jackie. Jackie reveals a jacket full of dynamite underneath his jacket. Since the leader and his men are afraid of fire, they won\'t attack Jackie. After taking all of his dynamite from his Jacket, he escapes while the kidnapper\'s place explodes. Jackie spots a hot-air balloon with Alan, Lorelei and May inside, and Jackie uses a smoke signal. Jackie jumps off the ledge he is standing and lands on the balloon and the movie ends.'] ["The much-reviled Ching government decide to eradicate any opposition to their rulership by attacking pro-Ming families in the kingdom. One such attack sees an influential official killed, though his wife and son manage to escape thanks to the intervention of a close ally. While on the run, the son, Shaolung, is aided by his father's close friend  who teaches the young boy the basics of kung-fu. As time passes, the renegades must once again move on and evade capture by the Ching army. However, it is decided that the safest place for Shaolung to hide would be in the Ming-friendly Shaolin Temple where he could also further his knowledge of kung-fu. Once there, the boy finds the severe, disciplined lifestyle hard to cope with and, despite his best efforts, he lags behind his fellow pupils. Over time he does make a couple of close friends and it is their encouragement that drives him to reach his goals. Now a young man, Shaolung  gradually develops into a formidable fighter and concentrates his sights on leaving Shaolin to avenge his father's death. However, to 'graduate' from Shaolin means to defeat the Shaolin bronzemen and a series of similarly fiendish tests. The first attempt to conquer these trials is unsuccessful, but Shaolung is spurred on by his straight-talking friend  and finally leaves through Shaolin's hallowed gates after a final tremendous effort. Once through the dreaded chambers, the Shaolin disciples will have the Shaolin crest of the dragon and tiger burnt into their forearms by lifting a huge bronze pot. Outside, our heroes meet up with more patriots. Shao Lung meets his uncle who tells him the true story of his past and gives him half of a royal seal, the other half belonging to his  future wife. Once on his journey again his constantly stalked by a young “man” , Miss Lu. After defending him from an assassination attempt, Miss Lu constantly claims how Shao Lung owes her his life, though he is still under the impression she is still a man . After another failed attempt at Shao Lung, he manages to come across Miss Lu’s half of the royal seal thus revealing she is a woman and also his wife-to-be. Shao Lung and Miss Lu meet up with Brother Wan, and in turn they meet with Brother Ta-Chi who managed to beat the Bronzemen and leave Shaolin. Ta-Chi is a mole who was placed in Shaolin by the Qings to learn kung fu and eventually kill Shao Lung. Shao Lung and Brother Wan manage to kill their former brother in self defense,and with Miss Lu, move on till kill the Manchu general."] ["{{see}} The film is set in ancient China, probably during the period of the Sixteen Kingdoms, when China was divided into a number of rival kingdoms. The state of Yan, founded by the Murong tribe of the Xianbei nation, has long been a target of attacks by the Zhao. Princess Fei'er of Yan becomes the new ruler after her father is killed in battle, with general Murong Xuehu assisting her in defending their kingdom from invasion. Yan Huba, nephew of the deceased king and a treacherous minister in Yan, schemes to take the throne and he sends his men to assassinate the princess. Fei'er survives the attempt on her life but is seriously injured. She is rescued later by a mysterious hermit named Duan Lanquan and lives with him for a period of time until she recovers. The two of them develop romantic feelings for each other during that period of time. However, she ultimately must decide whether to fulfill her duty to her kingdom or follow her heart.<ref namehttp://www.yesasia.com/us/an-empress-and-the-warriors-2008-dvd-taiwan-version/1014063426-0-0-0-en/info.html|titleyesasia.com|accessdate http://web.archive.org/web/20090307134257/http://www.yesasia.com/us/an-empress-and-the-warriors-2008-dvd-taiwan-version/1014063426-0-0-0-en/info.html| archivedate no}} Fei'er chooses to returns to Yan later and succeeds in resolving the conflict between Yan and Zhao. However, Huba is still plotting to take the throne and he leads his men to kill Duan Lanquan and Murong Xuehu. On the verge of danger, Fei'er manages to kill Huba personally and puts an end to Huba's evil plans, while restoring peace by maintaining good relations with the other kingdoms."] ["There's a mysterious Chinese document that's hidden in the Tower of Death, and evil Japanese occupiers want to get their hands on it. Meanwhile, a Chinese fighter  is training in the forest, only to be challenged by several Japanese fighters as well as Bolo Yeung, all of whom he easily defeats. Bruce and Bolo meet again in a wrestling ring, where Bruce once again defeats Bolo. Bruce's victory impresses the Japanese who want to hire him to go to the Tower of Death. However, Bruce is a Chinese nationalist and refuses. This leads to Bruce being challenged by another group of Japanese fighters in another forest, with Bruce once again reigning victorious. Shortly afterwards, Bruce discovers that a woman he thought was working for the Japanese is actually an undercover Chinese agent. They make a plan to retrieve the document from the Tower of Death. Like in Bruce Lee's Game of Death, Bruce Le arrives at the Tower of Death and ascends to the top level, defeating a different kung fu master at each floor. At the top level, he gets the document. From here on, Bruce defeats the Japanese bosses once and for all."] ['The story is set in 1890s Siam.Lord Waeng mentions that the railway to Korat has been newly opened, placing the time frame of the story sometime in the 1890s. Siang  is a young Muay Thai warrior and rocketry expert who steals back water buffalo taken from poor Isan farmers by unscrupulous cattle raiders. He is searching for a man with a tattoo who killed his parents. A local nobleman, Lord Waeng , wants to create a market for his steam tractors, so he hires a hulking convict, "The Thief" , to kill all the cattle traders and round up all the water buffalo for slaughter, depriving farmers of the draft animals they need to cultivate rice. Lord Waeng\'s men are eventually pitted against Nai Hoi Sing , a cattle trader with supernatural martial arts powers and a tattoo on his chest. The tattoo gets Siang\'s attention, and while the Thief is attempting to steal Sing\'s cattle herd, Siang briefly confronts Sing but is repelled. Lord Waeng consults the Black Wizard , who was once cursed by Sing so that he cannot withstand sunlight, to find a way to defeat Sing. The Black Wizard says the only way to reverse his spells is to use the menstrual blood of a virgin – the Black Wizard\'s daughter, E\'Sao .'] ["A quiet teenage boy about sixteen to seventeen, Hai Ge , ventures to West China at the edge of the Gobi Desert to claim his bride, betrothed to him since birth. His father has just died and the lad makes his way to Double Flag Town, the dusty border town with no marshal or governor to keep its townsfolk safe. Along his way he meets Desert Eagle, a fighter who allegedly robs the rich to feed the poor. Desert Eagle invites him to look him up in case he encounters any trouble. Hai Ge manages to find young Hao Mei , his betrothed, and her father, who is lame in one leg and who runs a restaurant in the town. At first Hao Mei feels disgusted by the dirty, unkempt boy, but gradually succumbs to his unruly charms. It appears also that Hai Ge has inherited martial arts skills from his late father - he keeps the long daggers in his boots which once made his late father a consummate pugilist. One day, a group of bandits appear in the restaurant and one attempts rape on Hao Mei. Hai Ge intervenes and with his deft skills manages to kill the assailant. The dead man is none other than the second brother of renowned desert bandit Lethal Swordsman. After marrying his daughter to Hai Ge, Hao Mei's father tries to let the two run off, but the townfolks insist that Hai Ge be handed over to Lethal Swordsman to prevent a town bloodbath. To fight Lethal Swordsman, Hai Ge goes to find Desert Eagle, who promises he will be there to slay the bandit. He promises to turn up at high noon two days later when the bandits appear. On the fateful day Lethal Swordsman and his gang of bandits ride to Double Flag Town in the heat of noon. Heading for a showdown, the chief slays everyone in his way attempting to block his revenge mission, including Hao Mei's father. Lethal Swordsman faces off with Hai Ge who realizes he has been tricked by Desert Eagle, who does not turn up. The two has a swift showdown. As blood trickles down Hai Ge's head Lethal Swordsman makes off, impressed by the young man's skills. As he moves away slowly, he suddenly realizes he is fatally wounded by Hai Ge's daggers and slumps to his death. At this point Desert Eagle appears and claims his spoil - Lethal Swordsman's sword, as Hai Ge walks away gingerly, stating that Desert Eagle has betrayed him. The closing shot shows the silhouettes of Hai Ge and his bride riding away from Double Flag Town during sunset."] ["Jin Fei, played by Ti Lung, known as the King Eagle, stumbles into conflict within the Tien Yi Tong when he falls in love with the clan's 7th chief, Yuk Lin, played by Li Ching."] ['The film opens up with an assassination attempt on the king of Joseon Dynasty at some sort of reception. The attempt is foiled by a special security squad, and specifically by its leader, Gyu-yup. A series of deaths of prominent politicians leads to a nighttime battle in which one member, a female, of what is apparently an assassin duo, is captured. Gyu-yup recognizes this female, and after her torture in prison , the film flashes back to Gyu-yup\'s past. Shortly after the Japanese invasions of Korea in the middle of the Joseon Dynasty, a military unit of elite soldiers  is created to ensure the peace and the security/safety of the country. In its center, the two best swordsmen, Ji-hwan and Gyu-yup, are also two inseparable friends. But a political coup d\'etat plot  forces Gyu-yup, threatened with the death of his entire unit of elite soldiers, to not only kill his fencing master, but also Ji-hwan, who is seeing the female assassin from the night battle, Shi-young . Having had to behead his master, kill his best friend and his best friend\'s lover, and lead his troops against members of their own training school , we are led to understand that Gyu-yup loses some part of himself. The film returns to the present, five years after the events in the flashback. Gyu-hup is known as a cold and cruel commander, nicknamed "the human butcher." The discovery of a sword during the night battle that carries the seal of Gyu-yup\'s old unit  confirms the fact that Ji-hwan is back as well . The current king  himself becomes embroiled in what amount to attempts to cover up his tracks and betrays at least one of his foremost commanders by ordering his assassination. The king then plans an excursion aimed at drawing out Ji-hwan and Shi-young  into the open where they are meant to be killed. The excursion  takes place, and the king is almost killed by Ji-hwan, but he is momentarily distracted by the death of Shi-young at the hands of the king\'s elite bodyguard and troops. The king, stabbing Ji-hwan with a heretofore hidden dagger, pushes Ji-hwan away; and the king continues to look on as Ji-hwan battles more troops. Almost defeated, Gyu-yup, finally moved by compassion and his past relationship with Shi-young and Ji-hwan, comes to Ji-hwan\'s rescue. He pleads for his and Ji-hwan\'s freedom , and when that is met with silence, he and Ji-hwan engage the troops that have surrounded them. The movie ends by freezing the old friends, united in battle again, in action against the usurper king\'s troops.'] ["After completing his training of ninjutsu within Japan as a Ninja, an American army veteran by the name of Cole  visits his war buddy Frank Landers  and his newlywed wife Mary Ann Landers ([[Susan George , who are the owners of a large piece of farming land in the Philippines. Cole soon finds that the Landers are being repeatedly harassed by a CEO named Charles Venarius  in order to get them to sell their property because, unbeknownst to them, a large oil deposit is located beneath their land. After beginning to thwart Venarius' hired henchmen's attempts to bully and coerce the Landers into the selling of their property to Venarius, Cole eventually finds himself facing an old rival from the days of his training — Hasegawa , who was hired by Venarius as an assassin to eliminate Cole."] ["Two young freedom fighters, Hung Wen-ting and Hu Ah-piao, spend their days traveling around China and beating up evildoers. Their sense of adventure is piqued when they are offered the chance to take down the Dragon Gang. A first attempt to defeat the boss of the Dragon Gang, through a disguised entry into her bedchamber as a prospective husband, is foiled because the two brave souls are too young to take her on. Later, the martial arts experts encounter an evil sorcerer and his very powerful demon, who has completely no brain. Foiled by the demon, they come up with a new plan. Accompanied by hoedown music, they set out for the Dragon Gang's lair a second time. A deadly powder eliminates the demon, and the sorcerer is defeated by a toe to the torso. Finally the showdown arrives. One brother takes on the beautiful, cold boss of the Dragon Gang, while the other fights the secret Boss, trusted by the Emperor. The final boss is defeated by skillful use of a coffin."] ['After an opening-credits montage of the major players demonstrating their abilities, the story begins and shows different divisions of the anti-foreigner Yi Ho society, a branch of the Boxer movement, practicing different techniques of their "pugilism." Everyone is skilled in kung-fu, but some also use trick weapons and mind control. Ti Hau is a pupil of Master Ti, a high-ranking member. Ti Tan, is a Shaolin monk who has successfully trained his students to resist penetration from swords, but sacrifices them by experimenting with techniques to resist bullets. This appalls his niece, Fang Shao Ching. Lei Ying can control subjects with a voodoo doll and ventriloquism. The society chief, Li, explains that Lei Kung, an old pugilist master who left to form another branch in Yunan, has dissolved that branch and gone into hiding. Lei Kung no longer believes that their martial arts skills can defeat the modern weapons used by the western colonialists. Chief Yi proclaims Lei Kung a traitor to their movement. The chief orders his execution, and claims he can be identified because he enjoys showing off his kung-fu skills. In Guangdong/Yunan, Ti Hau makes inquiries into the whereabouts of Lei Kung at a popular inn. Also searching is Fang Shao Ching, disguised as a man, and Lei Ying. They are unaware of each other\'s identities, but observe each other suspiciously. A flamboyant man also shows up and arouses suspicion. Ti Hau and Fang Shao Ching both suspect Lei Ying of being Lei Kung, and sneak into the attic above his room at the inn. They fight in the cramped space as Ti Tan walks into the room below, but he does not see them before they escape. An old woodcutter, Yu, also arouses Ti Hau\'s suspicion because of his great strength. Fang Shao Ching distracts Ti Hau and lures him away, and they fight again but must stop in order to hide from Ti Tan. Fang explains to Ti Hau that her and Ti Tan are also Yi Ho members sent to kill Lei Kung, but she maintains her male disguise. The flamboyant man is a con artist, and is hired by Lei Ying to impersonate Lei Kung. With the help of a team of con men, he publicly demonstrates amazing kung-fu and magical abilities and declares himself to be Lei Kung. Ti Hau follows him and attacks, but Lei Ying takes control of the con artist with a voodoo doll, leading to another fight. Ti Hau realizes it is a fraud, but has alerted Lei Ying to his identity. At the end of the fight, Ti Hau falls into a sewage pond and begins to get sick. In town, a shopkeeper mistakes Lei Ying for woodcutter Yu, and says they look alike. Fang Shao Ching goes to Yu\'s house and discovers a hidden set of kung-fu weapons, and finds Yu in town and confronts him. But she reveals that she is on his side, agreeing that the society\'s pursuit of magical immunity to gunfire is hopeless. However, Yu denies he is Lei Kung. Ti Hau comes to Yu\'s house at night to kill him, but is so sick that he collapses. Fang arrives and confronts Yu again, who admits to being Lei Kung. The next day, Lei Ying arrives and fights him, but stops and reveals that they are brothers. He does not want to kill him, is disappointed that Lei Kung\'s skills have diminished, and suggests he get back in shape. Under Fang\'s guidance, Lei Kung practices with his weapons. Ti Hau, who has been bedridden, sees him, but Lei Kung maintains his identity as the woodcutter Yu by saying that he only looks like Lei Kung, and must defend himself. They both discover that Fang is a woman. When Ti Hau regains his strength, he is grateful to Yu for taking care of him and is about to leave, but Ti Tan arrives. Fang and Ti Hau fight him before Yu, now at full power, engages him. He finally admits to everyone that he is Lei Kung, and declares that he has betrayed the Yi Ho society because he does not want to see all his young students die in a futile attempt to fight foreign modern guns and cannon. He disables Ti Tan, who admits defeat and leaves. Ti Hau feels betrayed and also leaves. That night, Ti Hau\'s master arrives to kill Lei Kung. Ti Hau also shows up to kill him, but changes his mind. Ti Hau\'s master admits defeat, suggests Ti Hau stay with Lei Kung, but says he\'ll return. However, Lei Kung is more worried about Lei Ying. He reveals that his brotherly concern was a charade, and that brothers in his clan are mortal enemies. The next day, Lei Kung dresses in ceremonial garb and arrives at a temple with Ti Hau, Fang Shao Ching, and a full set of weapons. Lei Ying is waiting, and reveals his plan. He wanted Lei Kung to regain his expertise and kill the other assassins. Then Lei Ying could avoid fighting others and concentrate on Lei Kung, killing him and elevating his position in their clan and Yi Ho society. After an 8-minute duel showcasing most of the 18 weapons and hand-to-hand combat, Lei Kung demonstrates that he could win if he wanted to. But instead, he leaves Lei Ying to his disgrace.'] ['A superhuman criminal named Gabriel YuLaw , once an officer of the "Multiverse Authority"  that polices interdimensional travel , seeks to hunt down and kill all other variations of himself in alternate universes. By killing all of his other selves,  and absorbing their life energies into himself, he believes he will become "The One", a godlike being. YuLaw is briefly captured by MVA agents Rodecker  and Funsch , only to escape from captivity during the final phase of his sentence to life in a penal colony. The last known alternate, Gabriel  Law, works in the Los Angeles County Sheriff\'s Department. For two years he has been experiencing increases in strength, speed and mental ability but neither he nor his wife, T.K. Law  , can understand why. While transporting a snitching prisoner for the Sheriff\'s Department, Gabe "feels" Yulaw\'s presence just before he attempts to kill Gabriel Law. Yulaw escapes, with Gabe giving chase and leaping a very high wall – which is humanly impossible. Upon landing on the other side Yulaw faces Gabe and shoots him, but not fatally. Going in for the kill, Yulaw is interrupted by Rodecker and Funsch. Gabe Law sees Yulaw, who is identical to him in every way. Being unfamiliar with interdimensional travel between universes, Yulaw\'s appearance is incomprehensible. At the hospital again Gabe feels Yulaw\'s presence. There is another fight and Rodecker and Funsch again intervene. Yulaw deters them from shooting him because if he is killed, then Gabe will pose a problem because he would then be left as the only "One". Dressed alike and identical in every way, Gabe and Yulaw\'s battle confuse Gabe\'s Sheriff Department colleagues. Both Gabe and Yulaw manage to escape the hospital. Rodecker is faced with a dilemma: they are chasing two superhumans, they cannot kill either one. Funsch insists that YuLaw, as the instigator, must be dealt with in a more aggressive manner. Rodecker makes a fateful decision to "go way off procedure" and split the team. Rodecker pursues Yu Law and is killed. Funsch catches up with Gabe and tells him about the multiverse and why he has become stronger. Yulaw finds Gabe\'s residence where TK, believing it is Gabe, attempts to protect him, but she senses he is not really Gabe. Gabe arrives only to have Yulaw force him to watch while he kills her. Funsch finds Gabe and they team up to find Yulaw at the next occurrence of a wormhole – an industrial plant. Yulaw, Gabe Law and Funsch arrive at the industrial plant, where the final battle between Gabe and Yulaw takes place. Ultimately Gabe is victorious, but all three are caught in the wormhole and travel back to the MVA headquarters in the Alpha Universe. YuLaw is transported immediately to the prison colony universe after a last-ditch attempt to switch places with Gabe. The MVA then prepares to send Gabriel back to his own universe where he will be arrested and put in prison for the murders Yulaw committed, but Agent Funsch instead sends him to a universe similar to Gabe\'s past via another wormhole, after Gabe told him about the events which led up to him meeting his wife. Yulaw, now in the penal colony, declares his intent to still become the one; standing at the top of a Ziggurat in the Hades universe, in order to prove his capability of becoming the one, YuLaw commences to battle oncoming waves of hundreds of provoked fighters approaching the Ziggurat as the credits roll.'] ["{{plot}} The film opens in Moc Hoa, Vietnam, where a group of prisoners are about to be executed under the watchful eye of General Ty . After the execution, a plane arrives at Bangkok International Airport. There, we are introduced to Scott Wylde, an American college graduate who makes his way to a local gym. At the gym, he meets Terry , a kickboxer who gets annoyed with Scott and tells the owner what Scott thinks of Muay Thai. Terry tells the owner in Thai that he thinks American kickboxing is better. The gym owner sends a Thai boxer to challenge Scott. Terry learns that Scott himself is a martial artist and he is able to defeat the Thai boxer. When Scott tells Terry he is looking for his former teacher and best friend Mac Jarvis . Terry tells Scott that Mac may be in Patpong, a seedy area of Bangkok. Scott leaves the gym and heads for his hotel. At the hotel, Scott is harassed by a pimp, but once he makes his way into his room, he calls his girlfriend Sulin Nguyen . That night, the couple go out to dinner. During their date, Sulin's father  receives a disturbing phone call and leaves his house. A group of thugs crash into Scott's room and kidnap Sulin. When two thugs who stay behind attempt to kill Scott, he fights them off, ultimately killing them. Scott heads to Sulin's house, where it is revealed that her entire family  were killed. Scott is framed for murder and drug possession. Despite Mr. Nguyen's pleas, the American consulate suggests sending Scott to Singapore and keeping him detained for three months. Scott escapes and heads to Patpong. At Patpong, Scott finds Mac at the Super Star bar arm wrestling with a local man. When Mac wins, his opponent attempts to go after Mac with a broken bottle. However, Scott fights off the thug and soon, teacher and student are reunited. At the bar, Mac learns of Scott's recent activity and becomes concerned. When the duo go to dinner at a local marketside area, they are threatened by the thugs who kidnapped Sulin. When one of the thugs is forced to tell them where Sulin is located, they learn Sulin is taken to Cambodia. Mac and Scott head towards Mac's private warehouse, an artillery factory. Mac tells Scott of Sulin's father's history. Mr. Nguyen was a Vietnamese general who for the sake of his family, stopped a deal with a Soviet militia. Mac becomes convinced that the Soviets have joined forces with the Vietnamese army and have set up base in Cambodia. Scott decides he must rescue Sulin. The next morning, Mac and Scott prepare as they await a helicopter. However, on their way out, they are surrounded by the Thai police. Narrowly making their escape, the helicopter arrives. The pilot is revealed to be none other than Terry. Terry and Mac used to be a couple, but things didn't pan out and the two constantly bicker at each other. Meanwhile, the leader of the Soviet Army, Yuri , has arrived. A Chinese refugee is amongst the recent prisoners of war and is challenged by Yuri to fight for his freedom. Yuri uses his brute strength to defeat the fighter. However, he tells the Chinese fighter he can walk away. As the fighter begins to leave, Yuri shoots him twice then grabs him. He throws him into a pit full of alligators, where the fighter unceremoniously dies. Yuri meets Sulin and threatens to send her in the pit if her father doesn't arrive soon. When Scott, Terry, and Mac arrive in Cambodia, they seek assistance with Colonel Tol Nol , an old customer of Mac's. When Mac offers artillery in exchange for help, Tol Nol refuses. However, Scott makes a deal on a new tank and Tol Nol accepts under the condition that Terry stays behind as well. Tol Nol's camp is then bombed with Scott has his arm injured in the process. The next day, Scott, Terry, and Mac travel by foot and come upon a Buddhist temple. When the monks are revealed to be spies, the trio use their martial arts skills to fend them off. The Vietnamese army arrive and kidnap Terry and supposedly kill Scott and Mac with a rocket launcher. However, Scott and Mac survive and head towards rescuing Terry and Sulin. Meanwhile, Mr. Nguyen is murdered by a mysterious assassin hiding in a manhole in Bangkok. Later that night, Scott and Mac begin to secretly hide explosives and other weaponry in the Soviet camp. The next morning, Sulin and Terry are intended to become the latest victims of the alligator pit. Scott, noticing what has happened, uses his crossbow to begin the full fledged assault. Mac heads towards rescuing Terry and Sulin. All the forces except for Yuri are killed. When Scott heads towards his friends, Yuri arrives with a machine gun. Terry, fearing for Scott's life, sacrifices her life to save Scott when she is gunned down by Yuri. Scott distracts Yuri with an arrow to his arm. As Mac attempts to save Terry, he finally professes his love for her. However, it is too late as Terry dies. Scott and Yuri begin to fight with Yuri's strength getting the best of Scott. Scott, in an effort to lure Yuri away, hides in his office. When Yuri follows, he notices no one is inside. That is, until Scott jumps off a platform and begins to use his kicking skills on Yuri. Yuri catches Scott's foot and throws him to his desk and moves it towards Scott's legs to crush them. However, Scott grabs a painting behind him and crashes it on Yuri's head. Scott begins to fight and throws the Soviet flag around Yuri's head and ties a rope around his neck. Scott ties Yuri to a jeep and drags him to the alligator pit. When Yuri attempts to pull Scott in the jeep, an alligator gets Yuri and Scott jumps out of the jeep in time. Scott finds a machine gun and blasts the alligator pit. He is reunited with Sulin but is given the news that Terry is dead. Together, Scott, Sulin, and Mac, holding Terry, walk away to the camp."] ['The basic plot concept bears a strong similarity to the earlier movie Red Sun , also featuring Toshiro Mifune.'] ["The film is about a quiet yet intense man named Jack  Severino who has no recollection of his past. He spends his time in violent no holds barred fights in a small South American village. The only friend he has is his manager Manolo, an Indian trying to escape poverty. However soon Jack's violent past catches up with him when he sees a woman he has not seen in five years brings back his memories. The film is most notable for its violent fight scenes in which Jack's Muay Thai style of fighting clashes with fighters of different styles such as boxing, wrestling, ju jitsu, capoeira and karate."] ['On the idyllic phoenix island in the south china sea a golden city becomes the birthplace to a new form of Kung Fu. Soon an evil tyrant threatens the peace and harmony of once such a proud city. A generation passes and a brave prince, a fearless princess and a foolish dwarf with the powers of invisibility team up to return a kingdom to its people as they wrest it from the hands of the evil tyrant. {{Expand section}}'] ["Eagle Chief Yoh Xi-Hung  recruits and raises orphans to be his personal army of ruthless killers. One such orphan, indoctrinated by Yoh Xi-Hung, is Chik Ming-sing . Chik soon becomes one of Chief Yoh's top killers as he relishes engaging opponents in combat whenever the bandits go on a raid. However, after one particularly rough heist, Chik begins to have second thoughts about his criminal lifestyle. This is further complicated when he is taken in and nursed back to health from wounds received in battle by a kind family. Chik realizes that there is an alternative to his violent, murderous lifestyle. He learns that he can live a peaceful, nonviolent way of life with a wife and family if he so chooses. Chik meets up with a stranger while on the run. The stranger, Cheuk Yi-fan , secretly carries hidden wrist knives and is obsessed with hunting down his enemies for revenge for the murder of his wife and family. Chik Ming-sing is suspicious of the msyterious Cheuk, even when Cheuk does not hesitate to help him kill the other Eagle Clan members who are chasing him for leaving the bandit clan. Not knowing that Cheuk Yi-fan is the son of the family Chik and the other Eagles robbed and murdered, Chik Ming-sing confesses his evil doings to him one evening. Chik reveals that he has vowed to change his ways after that incident by killing Eagle Chief Yoh and the entire bandit clan. He also reveals that he is searching for the husband of the woman he killed so that he can die at his hands to atone for Chik's crimes. Cheuk decides to accompany Chik to Eagle headquarters, but Eagle Chief Yoh recognizes Cheuk's and reveals his true intentions to Chik. When Chik asks Cheuk why he did not take his revenge on Chik, Cheuk reveals that what he wanted was to know the whole story, and that he and Chik should join forces to defeat their common enemy Chief Yoh. After attempting to manipulate both fighters to turn on one another, the two heroes decide to put aside their differences to finally end the murderous reign of the Eagle Clan. Once Chief Yoh is defeated, Chik tells Cheuk that he is ready to accept his punishment. Cheuk tells Chik that all his enemies are now dead and begins to walk away. Chik attacks Cheuk to force him to kill Chik. He tells Cheuk that if he doesn't get his revenge now, then the spirit of his pregnant wife and unborn child would never know peace. The final scene of the film show Cheuk looking over the graves where his family is laid to rest. A new headstone can be seen where Chik's remains have also been placed at the burial site."] ["Star Chow  is about to be kicked out of the Royal Hong Kong Police's elite Special Duties Unit . But a senior officer decides to give him one last chance: Star must go undercover as a student at the Edinburgh High School in Hong Kong to recover the senior officer's missing revolver. The undercover operation is made complicated when Star is partnered with Tat - an aging, incompetent police detective . However, Star still manages to fall in love with Ms Ho , the school's guidance counselor, as well as disrupting a gang involved in arms-dealing."] ['An armoured truck carrying $100 million of cash is attacked by a criminal gang which calls themselves the "Ronin Gang" with explosives as it stops at a traffic junction in front of a jewellery shop. All the security guards were shot dead except one, while responding police officers suffered serious casualties under the gunfire of the heavily armed gang members. The explosions also killed several civilians, including a lady in the shop. Six months later, the same gang reappears in Hong Kong, injuring a group of policemen, two critically, during a spot check. The dead woman in the jewellery shop was CID detective Chan Chun\'s fiancée, while the injured policeman are led by Trainee Inspector Fong Yik-wei. Both officers vow revenge on the criminal gang. Wai King-ho is a rookie cop whose older brother, Wai King-tat, also a police officer, has been missing for an extended period. Deeply upset by police allegations that his brother has become a part of the criminal gang while infiltrating as an undercover, he was suspended from duty due to this connections with his now wanted brother, and later confronted by both Chan and Fong who demand his brother\'s whereabouts. They form an alliance after Wai is rescued by Chan and Fong in a fight at a nightclub. Little Tiger is captured by Chan and is forced to lead the police to the gang\'s hideout. The gang appears however and kills Tiger after a chase, while injuring Chan and several of his colleagues. It turns out that the surviving security guard is Ho Wing-keung, the manager of the security company, who colludes with the gang to rob the armoured truck. He is tracked down by the gang to a psychiatric hospital, where he feigns a mental breakdown to escape detection by the gang. Chan, Fong and Wai arrive at the hospital, but fail to prevent his escape with the gang, who threaten his family to force him out. As the three pursue the gang, they run into an accident scene, where the gang shoots several police officers at the scene, hijacks a mini-bus with young children, and takes Wai as a hostage in the bus. Chan and Fong go after the bus with Ho in another car. The gang members and the police officers engage in a lengthy confrontation, in which Wai discovers that his brother has his background exposed and killed by gang member Ronin Tien Yeng-yee. Ho is killed by Tien Yeng-seng to silence him, Wai is left handcuffed to the bus with the children and a timer bomb, while Chan and Fong are forced to collect the stolen cash from the robbery\'s mastermind at a funfair at Tamar while chained to another timer bomb. Wai manages to free himself and rescue all the children, and discovers that the bomb is fake, suggesting that Ronin has no intention to harm the children. Chan and Fong approaches a man with a luggage at the funfair as instructed, but the man turns out to be Chief Inspector Sam, who is leading an operation to nab the gang. The operation goes awry, the timer bomb is ignited safely in the nick of time, and Sam was pulled away by Chan and Fong to a secluded area, where they attempt to explain their situation to him. It is then revealed that Sam is also colluding with the mastermind, and is promptly killed, resulting in Chan and Fong becoming suspects for the murder. With the help of Fong\'s girlfriend Leung Hoi-lam from the Police Intelligence Department, Chan and Fong realise that the real mastermind is Senior Superintendent Cheung Man-yiu, who has orchestrated the armour truck robbery, double crossed the gang resulting in the death of three of their members, and made off with the loot which he keeps hidden in a car in the Police Headquarters car park. The remaining four members of the criminal gang arrive at the Headquarters in a police van masquerading as police officers to forcefully get the money back, just before the arrival of Chan, Fong and Wai. Senior Superintendent Mark Law Pui-keung begins to learn about the truth from data provided by Leung. An extended showdown at the Police Headquarters ensues, resulting in the deaths of three criminals, multiple policemen including a Special Duties Unit squad and Wai, who was beaten to death by Tien. An injured Tien was shot by Cheung, who nearly escapes arrest when he was later led to an ambulance by unsuspecting officers. He was subsequently shot dead by Chan and Fong when he tries to kill Law, who was led to another ambulance. Both Chan and Fong return to their police duties, but as a detective and a beat cop respectively. They also help take care of Wai\'s grandmother.'] ['Casey Ryback  has retired from the United States Navy and is a chef at the Mile High Cafe in Denver, Colorado. Ryback is taking his estranged niece Sarah Ryback  to Los Angeles to visit the grave of Ryback\'s brother James . Sarah and her Uncle Casey board the Grand Continental, a train traveling through the Rocky Mountains from Denver to Los Angeles. As the train proceeds through the Rocky Mountains, it is flagged down by two men. The engineer and the brakeman step out and are gunned down. A group of terrorists led by computer genius Travis Dane and mercenary leader Penn hijack the train, cutting its phone lines and taking the passengers as well as the staff hostage, herding them into the last two train cars. Ryback slips away by hiding in the cool room of the kitchen after killing one of the mercenaries. Dane worked on a top secret military satellite particle weapon called Grazer One. The military fired Dane, who then faked his own death. Two of Dane\'s former Department of Defense colleagues are aboard the train, hiding a romantic relationship that violates Department of Defense regulations. Dane has them brought to him and threatens to have one of his mercenaries insert a burning needle into their eye unless they give him the codes needed to take over Grazer One. They give him the codes and then are thrown from the train, killing them. Middle Eastern terrorists have offered Dane $1 billion to destroy the Eastern seaboard by using Grazer One to target a nuclear reactor located under the Pentagon. Dane destroys a Chinese chemical plant in order to demonstrate Grazer One\'s capabilities to his investors and, after one investor offers an additional $100 million, Dane destroys an airliner carrying the investor\'s ex-wife. The U.S. government cannot locate Dane\'s headquarters nor target Grazer One because Dane created fifty "ghost satellites" to hide the location of the real Grazer One. When officials destroy what they think is Grazer One, it turns out to be the NSA\'s best intelligence satellite. As long as the train keeps moving, his location cannot be determined. Ryback, who has discovered the plot, takes matters into his own hands. Ryback enlists an eager porter named Bobby Zachs to help him. He also faxes a message to the owner of the Mile High Cafe, who finally reads it and relays the word to Admiral Bates; Bates quickly understands that Dane and the terrorists are on the train, and reluctantly OK\'s a mission by two F-117 Stealth bombers to destroy the train. Zachs discovers that they are on the wrong tracks and are on a collision course with a Southern Pacific bulk freight train carrying gasoline tank cars. Ryback kills the mercenaries one by one, but Dane uses his computer skills to find the Stealths and retarget Grazer One to knock them out before they complete their mission. After Penn takes Sarah as bait for Ryback, Ryback confronts Penn, who is aware of Ryback\'s military past. Ryback disarms and kills Penn by breaking his neck. He then finds Dane who is about to depart in a chopper hovering over the train, unaware that Zachs has killed a female terrorist and is forcing the pilot to wait for Sarah and Ryback at gunpoint. When Dane informs Ryback that there is no way to stop the satellite from destroying Washington, Ryback shoots him, the bullet destroying his computer and injuring Dane, who falls out of a window of the train. Control of the satellite is restored at the Pentagon and it is destroyed by remote control one second before it would have fired on the Pentagon, just before the two trains collide. The crash happens on a trestle, resulting in an explosion that destroys the bridge. Ryback escapes by racing through the exploding train and grabbing a rope ladder hanging from the chopper. Dane, who survived the gunshot and the crash, has also caught the ladder and attempts to climb onto the helicopter while screaming that he and Ryback should join forces. Ryback silently shuts the door, severing Dane\'s fingers and causing him to fall to his death into the explosion. Ryback informs the Pentagon that the passengers are safe, as he previously detached the last two cars from the rest of the train. In the final scene, Sarah and her uncle Casey pay their final respects at her father\'s gravestone.'] ['Pvt. Joe Armstrong  chooses to enlist in the American Army rather than go to prison and finds himself fighting off ninjas on a base in the Philippines. When he saves Patricia , the base colonel\'s daughter, from kidnapping but loses everyone else in the platoon, Joe\'s popularity with his colleagues drops precipitously and he becomes the target of revenge of the lead ninja . While performing his daily chores, Cpl. Curtis Jackson ([[Steve James  antagonizes Joe and challenges him to a match. Joe easily wins, showing off his ninjutsu skills and impresses Jackson, earning the respect of the others as well. Jackson gets the whole story from Joe: he has amnesia, but he always remembers his ninjutsu moves, and that has helped him with his instinct for survival. Patricia arrives back on the base and arranges a date night, Jackson and Charley Madison  sneak him off the base, but they are caught during dinner by Rinaldo, who is having a business dinner with Ortega . To ensure his elimination, Rinaldo leads him to an abandoned warehouse on the pretense of dropping off some supplies. Ninjas ambush Joe, but Joe quickly kills all of them. Somebody steals his truck and Joe chases him on motorbike. The driver tails Joe, crushing his bike and thinks he is dead. Joe, however, rides under the car and gets a glimpse into Ortega\'s operation and the ninja training: he is smuggling weapons from the U.S. Army and selling them to the highest bidder. He is caught by ninjas and fights, but later makes his escape thanks to Ortega\'s helper named Shinyuki . Joe is immediately placed under arrest by military police led by Sergeant Frankie "Private Stomper" Upton upon his arrival at the base. Jackson asks the MP duty sergeant, Sergeant First Class Chucky "Act so bad" Walowitz, what charges have been leveled at Joe and later protests to Rinaldo that the charges are not justified. The black star ninja leader sneaks in to the MP holding cells that night, and kills all the stationed MP officers, including Specialist Phil "Hardcore" Norton, before trying to kill Joe. Joe escapes, and challenges him to a duel before other MP officers arrive at the scene. One MP is found with a throwing star lodged in his head, this further implicates Joe as a murderer. Joe explains everything to Jackson, who brings Patricia along as well. Joe informs William of the hijacked weapons, but not before he is betrayed when Williams orders Rinaldo to finish it. The black star ninja leader arrives at the house and kidnaps Patricia, while Ortega threatens Williams, who now knows the full extent. At the same time, Joe drives off with Rinaldo and his men on the trail. Joe\'s car clips Rinaldo\'s that sends him off course and into a tree, killing him instantly. Joe sneaks back into Ortega\'s, reuniting him with Shinyuki. It is revealed that Shinyuki raised Joe when he was a baby, training him in the art of Ninjutsu before a bomb blast separates them both. With the remaining time left, Shinyuki completes Joe\'s training and begin an assault on Ortega\'s base. Shinyuki dies in battle, as the Army officers arrive on the scene with Hicock leading the way. Hickock is killed by Ortega, and the black star ninja leader is killed by Joe. Ortega leaves with Patricia in the chopper, but Joe rescues Patricia in time for Jackson to fire a missile at the helicopter, killing Ortega. The final scene shows Joe fulfilling his duties as an American ninja as he lets Jackson catch Patricia.'] ['The Five Lucky Stars, one of them being replaced by a younger brother, are assigned by the police to allow an actress to live with them. The actress has information on a crime syndicate and assassins are sent after her. Ricky  and Swordflower are to stay at the actress’s home undercover to capture the assassins. Throughout the course of the movie, the Stars chase the attractive woman around the house, though their efforts are largely unsuccessful. At the climax, the three assassins eventually end up at a recreation building to take down Swordflower , but coincidentely Kidstuff  and his friends are there and they recognize one of them, with help from the actress. Muscle  and Ricky arrive in the nick of time and a showdown takes place, eventually ending with the protagonists victorious. The police and a large ensemble of Chinese actors arrive to congratulate them.'] ["To follow the Merantau tradition, Yuda, a Minangkabau from West Sumatra, a master in the art of silat, leaves his home to seek experience and success. He plans to teach silat to the children of Jakarta. He finds that the address where he was meant to stay has been torn down, so he becomes homeless. His wallet is stolen by a child named Adit. Chasing the thief, Yuda then encounters the thief's sister, Astri, quarrelling with her boss, Johnny. When Johnny begins abusing Astri, Yuda intervenes. Yuda saves Astri but instead of gratitude, he is rebuked because she had become jobless as a result. The next day, Yuda sees Astri once again being beaten by Johnny. He intervenes again only to be beaten at first by his thugs. He quickly recovers and saves Astri from Johnny, while saving her he brutally scars Johnny's boss, Ratger. Ratger's associate, Luc tries to calm down Ratger, but to no avail as Ratger decides to stay in the city to hunt down Astri and Yuda. Yuda takes Astri and her brother, Adit to where he is staying in the city, a construction site. They talk and Yuda explains why he came to the city and talks about his older brother who used to always beat him up. Astri then explains how her parents abandoned her and Adit a few years ago, and how she has been taking care of them ever since. The next day Yuda, Astri, and Adit decide to retrieve their savings from their home in an apartment complex. Yuda leaves Astri and Adit to retrieve the money, but he is caught in the act by several thugs sent to guard the building. Yuda starts fighting the henchmen while trying to reach Astri and Adit. Meanwhile Astri and Adit are seen by several guards as they are chased throughout the area. Astri helps Adit to hide as she is kidnapped by several henchmen. Yuda manages to defeat the attackers as he finds Adit. He promises Adit that he'll find his sister and tells him to hide as he sets off. Yuda returns to Johnny's club and quickly dispatches Johnny's henchmen. Johnny then gives the location of where to find Ratger, pointing to a nearby apartment building. Yuda makes his way into the apartment building as Ratger takes Astri upstairs to his room, telling a guard wait downstairs in case Yuda appears. Yuda enters the elevator and starts to ride upwards only for the elevator to stop and the guard to enter. Yuda realizes the guard is Eric, the man he met on the bus and Yuda tries to convince him he doesn't have to fight. He ultimately fails in negotiating as they brutally fight in the elevator. Ratger rapes Astri and takes her downstairs, leaving two guards to wait for the elevator. Meanwhile Yuda defeats Eric, but spares him saying that they are different. The elevator opens as the two guards point their guns towards the opening elevator doors. Eric http://www.imdb.com/name/nm3345670/ redeems himself as he pushes Yuda to the side, away from the bullets, meanwhile he is killed by the barrage of bullets. Yuda then defeats the guards and chases after Ratger. He sees Ratger and Astri in a car as they pull out of the parking lot. Yuda hops onto one of the cars as they drive away. The cars end at a shipping dock where they put Astri in a storage container with other women. Ratger and Luc then notice Yuda approaching and send their henchmen to defeat him. Yuda defeats all of them as Ratger and Luc prepare to fight. They three fight in an epic showdown as Yuda holds his own against the two attackers. Luc and Ratger then gain the upper hand when they retrieve a crowbar and a metal pipe from the ground and begin attacking. Yuda eventually slams a container door onto Luc who had the sharp end of the crowbar pointed towards himself. The impact of the door hitting Luc impales him on his own weapon as he slumps to the ground and dies. Luc's death throws Ratger into a rage as he viciously attacks Yuda, pinning him to a shipment container. Yuda then gains the upper hand and defeats Ratger, sparing him from a killing blow. Yuda then opens the container, freeing the women as they leave. As Yuda and Astri reunite Ratger attacks from behind, stabbing Yuda in the stomach. Yuda quickly finishes off Ratger as he collapses to the ground. After telling Astri his final wishes Astri leaves, returning to her brother's hiding place. Astri and Adit eventually go to the countryside and live with Yuda's family. The story then ends with Yuda's mother standing in the doorway of the home watching Adit go to school, her perspective changes as she sees Adit as her son Yuda."] ["The story is of three orphans  and their two father figures . They are taken in by both a wealthy crime boss  which leads to their close friendship, and a kind police officer . Nevertheless, the trio grows up learning high-tech methods of theft and specialize in stealing treasured paintings. After a heist in France goes awry, Chow's character is thought to be dead and Leslie takes Chow's place as Cherie's lover. However, Chow returns in a wheelchair and the group begins planning their next heist for themselves, fall out of favor with Tsang, and various complications and gun battles ensue."] ["Master Liu and Master Law are rival masters of Shaolin style kung fu, and Wutang style sword fighting, running schools in the same city. Their top students, Chao Fung-wu , and Hung Jun-kit , are actually close friends, with Jun-kit's sister, Yan-ling, having a crush on Fung-wu. After observing the two students fighting at a brothel, two of the local Qing Lord's  soldiers report the power of the styles to him. The Lord determines that the two styles are dangerous, and he must learn both. After poisoning Master Law, and having Yan-ling killed, the Qing Lord is able to learn both Wudang 8 Divine Sword style and Shaolin Chin kang fist from a spy. Fung-wu and Jun-kit both return to their respective temples for training, as a priest and monk, respectively. Jun-kit hopes to revenge his sister's death, and Fung-wu also wants to avenge his master's death. The Qing Lord has since learned both the styles, but because he did not learn either from a master, his grasp on both styles is not perfect. To overcome this deficiency, he decides to have the Wudang and Shaolin destroy each other, so he may be the only master of both styles. To do this, he stages a martial arts contest between the two temples, hoping to appeal to the traditional rivalry between the Shaolin and the Wudang. Jun-kit , and Fung-wu , are selected by their respective temples as the representatives. The Qing Lord, in his impatience to see both Wutang and Shaolin destroyed, admits his true motives, and his role in Yan-ling and Master Law's deaths. Tat-chi and Ming-kai must then combine Shaolin Chin kang fist and Wutang 8 Divine Sword style to defeat him."] ['Continuing from where the first film ended, Wing Chun master Ip Man and his family move to Hong Kong in the early 1950s after their escape from Foshan. There, Ip desires to open a school to propagate his art, as well as to make his living, but he has difficulty attracting students due to his lack of reputation in the city. One day, a young man named Wong Leung appears and promptly challenges Ip to a fight, but is easily defeated. Wong leaves humiliated, only to return with some friends to gang up on him. Ip beats them as well. Stunned and impressed by his skills, Wong and his friends become Ip\'s first students, bringing more disciples to help the school thrive. Wong is later caught posting promotional posters for the school by some Hung Gar students. One of them challenges Wong to a fight and loses, but his friends take Wong hostage in revenge and demand a ransom from Ip. Ip goes to the local wet market as directed, but the meeting ends in a confrontation with a growing mob of Hung Ga students. Ip and Wong fight their way outside to meet Jin Shanzhao — the martial artist and former bandit in the first film — who comes to their rescue with his own gang. The students\' master, Hung Chun-nam, arrives to break up the fight. Ip introduces himself, and Hung informs him that before setting up a school, he needs to attend a special fighting ceremony to test his skill. Ip, Wong and Jin are subsequently arrested by Officer Fatso for disturbing the peace but are later released on bail. Hung and Fatso are then shown to be acting as reluctant collectors for the martial arts schools  as part of a protection racket headed by Superintendent Wallace, a corrupt officer in the Hong Kong police. Ip attends the ceremony and defeats his first challengers, and then strikes a draw with the last challenger, Hung. Ip is allowed to keep running his school on the condition that he pay the monthly protection fees, but he declines. Hung thus has his students loiter in front of the Wing Chun school and harass anyone interested, causing a street brawl between them and Ip\'s disciples. Ip is thus forced to close up and move the school nearer to home. Ip soon confronts Hung, who blames him since he wouldn\'t pay the protection fees, with Ip telling Hung that he chose to work with the Westerners. Hung insists that they finish their fight, but during this last encounter, Ip stops Hung from accidentally kicking his son as he suddenly appears, earning his respect from Hung. Ip leaves, and the next day, Hung invites him to a British boxing match he had helped to set up, quietly coming to terms with him. The boxing competition begins with the various martial arts schools demonstrating their skills. However, the event\'s star boxer, Taylor "The Twister" Milos, a Chinese-hating sociopath, openly insults and attacks the students, causing chaos as the masters try to restore order. Hung accepts Twister\'s challenge to a fight so that he can defend his culture. Although Hung has the upper hand at first, in the second round he suffers a sudden, misfortunate and devastating blow that severely disorientates him. As he fights on, he begins to weaken from his asthma and is eventually beaten viciously to death by the British boxer, as he refuses to go down and allow the man to insult his culture. News of Hung\'s death rapidly spreads throughout the enraged Chinese populace, causing a scandal that spurs Wallace to hold a press conference, where he states that Hung\'s death was an accident, that Twister held back during Hung\'s challenge and that he was too weak to survive more than a few punches. Twister announces that he will accept any challenge from the Chinese in order to get rid of his bad reputation, yet remorselessly gloating that he is going to murder every Chinese Warrior in Hong Kong to prove the supposed superority of western boxing. Ip Man has already arrived to challenge Twister to a fight. As his wife goes into labor, Ip finishes training and begins his fight with Twister. Ip exchanges blows with the boxer and seems overwhelmed by the westerner\'s sheer muscle at first, but begins to make a comeback using his more diverse techniques. He receives a sucker punch from Twister after the second round\'s bell, and is also told he will be disqualified for using kicks due to the judges changing the rules during the match. When it seems like the end, Ip remembers Hung\'s patriotic spirit and determination to defend Kung Fu, and is spurred to go on. He changes his strategy and attacks the boxer\'s arms to disable him. This fight is brought to a climactic finish as Ip Man rains blow-after-blow into the knocked-down Twister\'s face , with flashbacks reflecting the latter\'s killing of Master Hung. Ip nearly kills Twister in his rage and fury, but manages to restrain himself before the final punch. While the Chinese audience cheers, Wallace is arrested by his superiors for corruption, as Fatso had secretly reported him. Ip then gives a speech to the audience, stating that despite the differences between their races and their fighting styles, he wishes for everyone to respect each other. Both the Western and Chinese audience then give him a standing ovation while Twister\'s manager walks away unhappy at the west\'s failure to defeat China. Ip goes home and reunites with his family, including his newborn second son, Ip Ching. A final scene shows Ip being introduced to a boy named Bruce Lee who wishes to study Wing Chun. Ip smiles and simply tells the boy to come back when he is older.'] ["Jalal Merhi, Bolo Yeung and Monika Schnarre star in the tale of a martial artist  who studies under an old master  in the hopes of avenging his brother's death at the hands of a drug ring."] ["An evil vampire duke seeks to kill and collect the blood of a royal family of European vampires in order to become all powerful. The last surviving member of the family, Prince Kazaf, flees to Hong Kong with his servant Prada. There, they are introduced by estate agent Momoko to live in an abandoned church. Vampire hunter Reeve is depressed after his partner Lila is killed by vampires. He decides to train Lila's younger sister, Gypsy, to inherit her sister's duty and fight the vampire duke. However, Reeve's own sister, Helen, sees Gypsy as a rival. At the same time, Kazaf meets Helen and falls in love with her, after which he intends to lead the life of a human being, but he is tracked down by the duke. Helen helps Kazaf and lets him hide in her home, where they are later discovered by Gypsy. Meanwhile, Reeve falls into the duke's trap while hunting vampires. Helen and Gypsy team up to save him."] ["Johnny Sanchez  has a troubled past which manifests in the dissonance between him and his family, particularly with his father and son. As Johnny gets released from prison, his father's garage is going to be shut down. The only way to save it is to fight in the Red Canvas tournament, an MMA event. Amidst preparing for an opponent who can't be defeated, Johnny must deal with the turmoil of his family and answer for mistakes of the past."] ["The Touch tells the story of a Chinese family of martial artists and acrobats who have been performing for many generations. The family are, in secret, guardians of a holy treasure accessible only by a spectacular jump which, to everyone else, is impossible to perform. One of the family members  and his girlfriend are kidnapped by a ruthless treasure hunter  to procure the priceless relic for him. Yeoh's character Pak Yin, with the help of Eric , her master thief ex-boyfriend, pursues them into an ancient desert where legends say the treasure is buried in order to uncover and protect the treasure that her ancestors had sworn to keep safe. The action culminates in a climactic sequence set in the booby-trapped subterranean Buddhist temple."] ["The story begins with the exile of a young boy who grows up to meet his destiny as a great warrior. After his father, a Han loyalist and hero, is betrayed by the Emperor and sentenced to death, Yuan Chengzhi is spirited away to the reclusive master of the Lung Yau school of martial arts. Having grown into a righteous young man of considerable martial skill, Yuan sets out on his own. He discovers the hideout of a long-dead martial arts master known as Golden Snake Xia Xueyi and lays claim to his buried martial arts manual, sword, and collection of darts. He also discovers the whereabouts of a lost treasure and instructions to deliver a portion of it to a certain woman. Cheng-chih sets out to find her in order to honor the dead man's wishes and ends up meeting a spoiled and not-so-cleverly disguised young woman posing as a man named Wen Qingqing. It's enough to fool the naive Yuan Chengzhi, who befriends Wen after she takes a liking to him. She brings him into her household, which is home to a wealthy clan of martial artists known for their mastery of the Five Element Array. Yuan's stay grows unsettling, first when jealous quarreling sparked by his presence erupts between Wen and her cousin. Things get a lot more complicated when a trio of angry martial artists storm the household and accuse Wen of theft. It turns out that they are members of Yuan's school and just as the situation threatens to turn into a full-scale battle, he intercedes in order to find a peaceful solution. As a result of his intervention, Yuan's skills draw the attention of the master of the house, who recognizes the kung fu techniques of his arch-enemy. As hidden truths about the Wen clan and their dark part are revealed through flashbacks, Yuan finds himself forced to fight their infamous Five Element Array in order to complete his quest and escape in one piece."] ['Marcus Ray , a sales representative for "V SIX" jeans, and his partner, Tommy Hendricks , are about to be busted for selling "knock off" jeans . Their American contact, Karen Leigh , who is not only their employer but a CIA agent sent to find the mole in their operation, is threatening them with a jail term if they do not prove their innocence. Meanwhile, Ray and Hendricks meet up with Harry Johannson , who is a CIA agent that just happens to be a double agent for the Russian Mafia and a ringleader to the terrorists. He tells Ray that Hendricks is really a CIA agent and that they need Ray\'s support. Ray and Hendricks then learn that Skinny Wang  is involved with the knock off jeans and they seek him out; which results in the death of Wang and the pursuit of angry workers, who are loyal to Wang. Ray and Hendricks then learn that these knock off jeans are laden with nanobombs, which were developed by former KGB operatives who are in league with international terrorists that are utilizing a Russian Mafia\'s scheme to bring this deadly technology to the black market and extort $100,000,000.00 in monthly revenue from the world super powers. This particular order is to be shipped to the U.S. Furthermore, we discover that the CIA headquarters, in Hong Kong, is located on Lantau Island inside a huge Buddha statue. In the end, Hong Kong is safe and so is the rest of the world.'] ["{{plot}} At a museum in Boston, Rugal Bernstein steals three relics: The Kagura Mirror, the Yagami Necklace and the Kusanagi Sword. He uses them to disappear into a dimensional portal to awaken the mythical entity known as the Orochi, which would grant him limitless powers. However, the sword is revealed to be a fake - thus, Rugal's quest is delayed. Mai Shiranui is told by an injured Chizuru Kagura that the whereabouts of the real sword are with Saisyu Kusanagi, who is housed at a mental institution. She is also warned that she alone must defeat Rugal and her boyfriend Iori Yagami should not be involved. At the institution, Mai meets a catatonic Saisyu and his son Kyo, but Iori's presence suddenly breaks Saisyu's catatonic state, and the elder Kusanagi threatens to kill Iori before losing consciousness and dying. Meanwhile, at another hospital where Chizuru is recovering from her injury, she is informed by her colleague Scott that Rugal has altered the King of Fighters database and issued challenges to all fighters around the world. CIA agent Terry Bogard enters Chizuru's room, demanding for information on Rugal's whereabouts and the tournament. She tells him of the different dimensions that exist, but he does not believe a word. Chizuru then tells Terry to go to Seattle and ask Mai, who is actually an undercover operative sent by the CIA to infiltrate Chizuru's organization a year ago. At a cemetery in Seattle, where Saisyu is buried, Kyo and Iori confront each other once again. Iori explains that both Kusanagi and Yagami clans were destined to be enemies. Mai hitches a ride with Kyo to his home, where she explains to him that she is looking for the Kusanagi Sword. Kyo tells her that centuries ago, according to family folklore, a Yagami ancestor attempted to release the Orochi, but it consumed him with murderous rage. Kyo's ancestor killed the Yagami and returned the Orochi into its world. Mai tells Kyo that Rugal is out to unleash the Orochi once again. Kyo, meanwhile, wants to confront Rugal, who destroyed his father's mental state. At a hotel, Mai and Kyo meet up with Iori and Terry. It is revealed that Rugal is using the tournament dimension to merge it with the real world. After Mai blows her cover in front of Kyo, Iori puts on his Bluetooth headset and enters the tournament dimension to confront Rugal. There, he defeats Rugal's servants Mature and Vice in combat, only to have his mind consumed by the Orochi. The next day, Kyo is lured into the tournament dimension, where he first fights Rugal and loses, but is allowed to live as a warning. This prompts him to bring out his ancestral sword and join Chizuru and Terry into the tournament after Mai is dragged in by Rugal. When the four meet up, they are separated into different dimensions, with Kyo fighting Rugal and Mai and Terry facing Mature and Vice. In the middle of a sword fight, Rugal is about to decapitate Kyo when Iori suddenly appears and intervenes. Here, Rugal reveals to Kyo that several years back, he battled Saisyu, Chizuru and Iori over control of the Orochi. During that fight, Iori allowed the Orochi to take over his body, defeating Rugal, but also destroying Saisyu's mental state by bashing his head against a wooden barrier several times. This leads to a fight between Kyo and Iori. Kyo slashes Iori in the back, releasing the Orochi from his body. Disappointed by the outcome of the fight, Rugal sends Kyo, Iori and Mai into another dimension to face them with his full potential. Chizuru and her multiple clones appear, revealing that she has found the mirror and the necklace. The heroes fail in their first attempt to combine the relics and trap Rugal, with Chizuru mortally wounded. Mai takes her place as the mirror holder, but as she, Kyo and Iori corner Rugal, they are once again overcome by his powers. Rugal destroys Kyo's sword, but as he is about to finish him off with a fireball, Kyo magically generates a new sword to block it. He then throws the sword and destroys Rugal. Back in the real world, Scott places a lantern on the ocean in memory of Chizuru. Kyo decides to keep the family tradition by continuing with the tournament. He reflects on his late father's teachings while Iori stares at him from the other side of the pier."] ["The film starts with Bold Cheung having a nightmare about ghosts. Bold Cheung is challenged to spend the night in an abandoned house where he must peel an apple in front of a mirror. If he breaks the skin then something bad will happen. Upholding his mantle as the boldest he accepts. However, that night whilst peeling the apple his friends trick him. Whilst scolding his friend for the prank a real ghost appears and snatches Cheung's friend away. The ghost reaches for Cheung but he cuts its hand off and then quickly shattering the mirror, causing the house to collapse. The next day Cheung overhears a story about a promiscuous wife from a sweet tofu seller ; he goes to his home to check on his wife and finds two peeping toms outside his door. He scolds them, causing his wife and employer, Master Tam, to hear. Tam escapes but leaves his shoe which Cheung finds and confronts his wife with. His wife pulls a tantrum and makes Cheung feel guilty. Master Tam is worried Cheung will find out about the affair so he hires a witch, Chin Hoi, to get rid of him. When Chin mentions this to his partner Priest Tsui, Tsui gets angry. Cheung is tricked into spending the night in a temple, but he encounters Tsui who tells him that he must sleep on the roof. Cheung does so. A coffin in the temple opens and a zombie begins looking for him but he is safe. Chin gives up when he cannot find Cheung  just as Cheung falls down. Chin and the zombie look for Cheung again. He hides under the coffin but is found, the two fight and Cheung kicks the zombie back into the coffin and seals the lid. Cheung is tricked into spending another night in the temple. Again he meets Tsui who tells him to collect fifty chicken eggs to throw into the coffin. If he runs out of eggs he must throw dog's blood over the zombie. However, the egg seller puts in ten duck eggs. That night Cheung throws in eggs when the coffin begins to open and it works. However when he throws a duck egg inside, the zombie escapes so Cheung throws the dog's blood onto it which sends Chin flying into Tam's roof severing his control of the zombie. Cheung goes back to town but an Inspector arrests him for murdering his wife even though it is a set-up. Cheung is thrown in prison but escapes by pretending to be sick, he beats up the guards and runs into a forest where he trips over a coffin exposing the corpse within. As Cheung sleeps it comes to life and begins chasing him. Whilst on the run from the corpse Cheung bumps into the Inspector and his men. The zombie collapses onto the Inspector giving Cheung time to escape. Cheung meets up with Tsui who wants to take Cheung as his disciple. As they stop to eat, the Inspector shows up and sends his men after Cheung. Chin is also there and manipulates Cheung's right arm to beat up the people around him and himself however Tsui stops him in a sword fight and Chin escapes. To help Cheung, Tsui uses his magic to manipulate the Inspector's men to fight the Inspector whilst he and Cheung escape. That night Chin sends a vampire after Tsui and Cheung but they defeat it. Tsui draws markings on Cheung's body to protect him from Chin's magic. They go to Tam's house to challenge Chin. Both sorcerers use magic to instill spirits into their disciples. Cheung is possessed by a monkey god. The two possessed apprentices fight with Cheung winning. Chin then possesses Master Tam with the spirit of the sword god but Cheung kills him. Then the two sorcerers unleash their magic on each other. Just as it looks like Chin will win Cheung cuts the legs off his altar which causes Chin to lose balance giving Tsui a chance to hit him with magical fire, Chin is set ablaze and falls off his altar to burn to death. However, Tsui is badly hurt by Chin's magic and he too falls off his altar dead. Cheung's wife steps forward in all the madness and tries to convince Cheung that Tam was about to rape her. However, Cheung is not deceived and he punches her over and over again, then throws her."] ['A troubled police detective Huang Huo-tu suffers from a severe mental breakdown as his life is falling apart. He is relegated to a mundane job as a Foreign Affairs Officer as a payback for blowing the whistle on corruption in the force. His young daughter is suffering from the fallout of being held hostage in a police crossfire. His colleagues have turned on him and his wife Ching-fang is filing for divorce. Huang is a Waisheng ren  in Taiwan and speaks with heavy Cantonese accent. He is also able to speak English and Tagalog. Suddenly, a series of bizarre deaths in Taipei baffle local investigators. A Catholic priest of foreign nationality also suffered a horrible death of disembowelment. The priest is involved in Taiwan-US military trade, so a FBI agent Kevin Richter is called in to help and Huang is called in for liasoning. Kevin is the topmost serial killer expert in the field, before being called to Taiwan, Kevin was puzzled by another series of murders in US, in which all victims look willing to die. The crime scenes imply involvement of supernatural force. In one case a businessman froze to death in his office - in the middle of a heatwave; the mistress of a prominent official calls the fire department and is later found burned to death - with no sign of fire in her apartment. Richter partners Huang who has less trouble believing that something supernatural is behind them, and on that angle he persuades him to investigate a local cult. After consulting a scholar in Academia Sinica, Huang and Kevin find the serial killing follows a Taoist belief that one must fullfill five suffering required to become a Xian, an immortal being. According to legends, the one who can succeed the five rituals is born with double pupil. They also find that all victims have done something against their conscience, and that a kind of fungus was used to induce hallucination, pleasure and guilt which make victims kill themselves. An advanced technology was used to spread the fungus, and the Police trace this technology to two boss of an electronics company. The two boss has spent their fortune and technology to move a Taoist temple into their company, where many cult believers gather. The police enter the temple, but the die heart believers begin a ritualistic massacre which kills almost all police and believers. After the massacre Kevin and Huang find a seemingly innocent girl survivor, and the case seems to close. However the next day Huang finds Kevin dead from swallowing his tongue, which is the fifth suffering required. Huang find that both him and Kevin are infected with the fungus by the girl. Huang begins to hallucinate with the guilt he holds toward his wife and daughter, and returns to the temple to confront the girl survivor, who is the mastermind the believers followed. The girl is born with double pupil in her eye and believes that by having Huang kill her she can complete the fifth requirement and become immortal. Huang kills the girl and is overwhelmed by hallucination and guilts, but in the end he is allowed to return to his wife and child. The film ends with a Buddhist Gatha, which the late and DVD version is "因愛生憂,因愛生懼,若遠離愛者,無憂亦無懼。" but the first screened version with less violence scenes is "love is immortal"'] ["This film follows two primary characters, Ace X and Kid Velvet, played by Shaw and Thompson. These two characters are members of a Rock n' Roll band, named Super Hero Central, who live on the skids of both society and the music industry. They transform into masked superheroes to takedown a Hollywood crime lord, named Rinaldi. The third primary character of this film is an unnamed character, played by Donald G. Jackson. This character goes through the film, reporting on the band through telephone conversations and while driving through Hollywood. The fourth, also unnamed, primary character is played by Hae Won Shin. This character is a spiritual teacher who sends Shaw on his mission to fight crime. The other primary characters who appear in this film are a reporter, Linda Marshall and a police commissioner, Commissioner Beckman. The reporter is seen throughout the film, reporting on the crime activities taking place in Hollywood, interviewing the police commissioner, and also interacting with the band members. She is eventually captured by the crime lord, which set the climax of this film into motion."] ["American Ninja Eric loses his job as a state employed peace officer when his job is outsourced to cheaper, cost effective Chinese labor. As if dealing with the hardships of unemployment weren't stressful enough, Ninja Dog is sick and needs expensive medicine."] ['The plot centers on a young and mischievous Wong Fei-hung . Wong runs into a series of troubles. Firstly, he teaches an overbearing assistant martial arts teacher a lesson. Next, he makes advances on a woman to impress his friends, and is soundly thrashed by her older female guardian as a result; his shame is compounded when these two are later revealed to be his visiting aunt and cousin, whom he had not met before. Lastly, he beats up a hooligan who is the son of an influential man in town. His father decides to punish him for his behavior by making him train harder in martial arts. Wong\'s father arranges for Beggar So to train his son in martial arts. Beggar So has a reputation for crippling his students during training so Wong flees from home in an attempt to escape his punishment. Penniless, he stops at a restaurant and tries to con a fellow patron into offering him a free meal. As he was about to leave after his meal, he discovers that the man is actually the owner of the restaurant. He fights with the owner\'s lackeys in an attempt to escape. An old drunkard nearby is drawn into the fight and helps him escape. The drunkard turns out to be Beggar So, the Drunken Master.  Beggar So forces Wong into his brutal and rigorous training programme. Wong flees again to avoid the torturous training and runs into the notorious killer Yan Ti San  by accident. Yan is known for his "Devil\'s Kick", a swift and deadly kicking style which has never been defeated. Wong provokes and challenges him to a fight and is soundly defeated and humiliated. He makes his way back to Beggar So and decides to commit himself to the Drunken Master\'s training program. The training resumes and soon Wong learns Beggar So\'s secret style of martial arts, a form of Drunken Boxing called "The Eight Drunken Immortals", named after the eight mythological figures that the fighting style emulates. Wong masters seven of the eight styles with the exception of Drunken Miss Ho\'s as he feels that her style of fighting is too feminine. Meanwhile, Yan Ti San is contracted by a business rival to kill Wong\'s father. Wong\'s father fights with Yan and is defeated and injured by him. Wong and Beggar So arrive on the scene on time and Wong continues the fight with Yan. Beggar So promises not to interfere in the fight. Wong employs the new skill he learnt and outmatches Yan\'s kicking style. Yan then resorts to his secret technique, the Devil\'s Shadowless Hand, which Wong is unable to defeat. Wong confesses that he did not master the last style so Beggar So tells him to combine the seven styles and create his own version of the last style. Wong follows the instruction and discovers his own unique style of Drunken Boxing, which he eventually uses to defeat Yan and become the new Drunken Master.'] ["Phoenix is the prodigal daughter of sorts with a chip on her shoulder . She's asked to learn kung fu from kicking expert Mo Ku-fung , but despises his harsh training. She and Chin Pan, her mischievous servant say good riddance when he leaves to attend to his sick wife. Replacing him is another top kicker named Tan Hai-chi  who resumes training. Phoenix transfers her disdain to Tan and their relationship sours until she gets mixed up with two idiot village bullies named Ding Dong and Dong Dong. Tan exploits the situation in order to humble Phoenix, who in turn agrees to be a dutiful student going forward. Focused leg training resumes until a vicious master of the 'Ground Kick' named Peng Fung  comes looking to avenge Tan's killing of his brother. Phoenix joins her new master in fighting Peng in a battle of leg mastery."] ["Chan plays Kuo Cheng-Wah, a kindhearted country boy who is quickly cheated out of all his money by Tung  when he arrives in Hong Kong. Depressed and destitute, he encounters Madame Kao , a poor woman selling flowers on the street; she urges him to buy a red rose, saying it will bring him luck. He demurs at first, shaking his head sadly, then finally agrees. His fortunes immediately take a dramatic turn when he stumbles into a gang war, and renders assistance to a dying gang leader. The leader makes Kuo his successor due to a pun, then dies. Kuo, awed, attributes his luck to Madame Kao's rose, and takes to buying one from her every day thereafter. This does not sit well with the gang, especially Fei , who felt he was next in line to be the boss. Uncle Hoi , the boss' right hand man, helps Kuo adjust to being the boss. In a fight to test his toughness, Kuo wins the gang's respect, with the exception of Fei. Kuo cannot accept being a gangster boss and tries to find a different way to legitimately make a living for himself and his gang. When singer Yang Luming  comes to him with money to pay off a debt the previous boss loaned to her dad, Uncle Hoi gets the idea to open a nightclub. At the opening of the nightclub, rival boss Tiger comes to muscle his way in on half of the shares of the nightclub, but is stopped by the police and Inspector Ho . Before a meeting with Tiger, Kuo goes to buy his usual rose from Madame Kao, but she is not at her post. Because of this, he is caught up at a fight in a restaurant. The fight ends when Tiger stops a fan from falling on Kuo, who dove out of his way to grab a rose. About to be taken for ransom by Tiger, he is saved again by Inspector Ho. Afterwards, Kuo searches for Madame Kao, and finds her terribly upset over a letter she has just received. The letter is from her daughter, Belle , a student in Shanghai whom Madame Kao has been supporting, all the while concealing her sufferings and leading her to believe that she is a rich society woman in Hong Kong. Now, she is coming to visit, bringing her wealthy fiance and his father, and Madame Kao is afraid that her poverty will bring disgrace on her daughter. Kuo offers to help, buying Madame Kao expensive new clothes and arranging a lavish party for her, to which he invites some of his disreputable friends, including Tung as her husband, on the condition that they impersonate the local dignitaries. Meanwhile, Fei has manipulated Tiger into thinking Kuo had some of his men killed when they were trying to bring him in for a negotiation, when they were simply being held captive. On the eve of the party, Kuo is captured by Tiger and taken to a rope factory run by Fei. It is clear to Kuo now that Fei was behind the scenes of all the strife, but as Tiger is about to shoot Kuo, Tiger's missing men return, proving Kuo's innocence. Tiger sees this as an internal struggle and lets Kuo and Fei sort things out on their own. After a fight in the factory with Fei's men, Kuo triumphs. Fei is ready to fight Kuo himself, but Kuo wants to solve their issues peacefully, and more importantly get back to Madame Kao's situation, winning Tiger's respect in the process. After canceling the party, Kuo tries to convince the real dignitaries of Hong Kong to help him, but they cannot understand why he wants to help Madame Kao. Right as Madame Kao is about to confess to Belle's fiance and father about her lies, the dignitaries come in for the party, with Kuo having convinced them that he could not do this without them. As Belle and her fiance take a ship back to Shanghai, everyone is there to see them off. Inspector Ho, wanted for embezzlement and abuse of power when he was conned by Tung, is also on the ship, denouncing Tung as they ship off. Happy with how things turned out, Kuo yells for Belle to come back so they can do this again, which causes everyone to stare at him."] ['The film opens in 1099 at the end of the First Crusade, depicting Christian Crusaders sacking Jerusalem and slaughtering the local population. One of the Christian knights, Charles Le Vaillant , becomes demoralized by the horrors of war, and decides to create a new religious order. This new order brings together members from the three main religions of the region: Christians, Jews, and Muslims. As a self-imposed leader and messiah, Charles writes the sacred texts of the Order, and is subsequently accused of heresy by the Christian church and attacked. During the attack, the last chapter from their religious text becomes lost in the desert. In modern-day Israel, a devout contingent of Le Vaillant\'s followers continues to practice his peaceful teachings, however one of the disciples, Cyrus ([[Brian Thompson  holds a distorted view of the Order\'s ways. Meanwhile, Rudy Cafmeyer , a thief and smuggler of valuable historical artifacts, breaks into a high security building and steals a precious Fabergé egg. He triggers an alarm in the process and is forced to fight his way out of the building. It is revealed that Rudy works for his father, archaeologist and museum curator Oscar "Ozzie" Cafmeyer , and that the Fabergé egg was stolen from the personal collection of a powerful Russian mafia boss. Ozzie discovers the lost manuscripts of the Order, lost ever since the Crusades, and reads their accounts of interfaith harmony. The manuscripts also contain an ancient map of Jerusalem, which depicts the location of a mythical Jewish treasure. Ozzie travels to Israel, where Cyrus has him kidnapped. Rudy, having heard the abduction take place while talking to Ozzie on the phone, travels to Jerusalem to rescue him. Ozzie\'s associate, Professor Walt Finley , gives Rudy the key to a safe-deposit box in East Jerusalem before being gunned down by unknown assailants. Israeli Police Chief Ben Ner  views Rudy\'s arrival with hostility and takes steps to have Rudy deported, but police lieutenant Dalia Barr  risks her career to help Rudy, subsequently revealing that she was once a disciple of the Order, but she left when she was 18. Meanwhile, Cyrus assassinates the Order\'s leader, Pierre Gaudet, and steps up his inflammatory rhetoric, hoping to inflame his followers. Rudy opens the safe-deposit box and finds a map that shows a series of tunnels and a treasure room beneath Jerusalem. Ben Ner, who has partnered with Cyrus, just covets the gold that the underground tunnels lead to, but Cyrus hopes to plant a bomb during Ramadan that will turn the Israelis against the Palestinians. At the film\'s climax, Dalia and Rudy must infiltrate the Order\'s monastery, free Ozzie, and prevent an explosion that will push tensions in the Holy Land past the point of no return.'] ['During the Second Sino- Japanese war 20,000 Japanese troops and 50 tanks invade Pa Tou Lou Tzu, or Badaling, a strategic point along the Great Wall of China. The defense of the Great Wall was one of the earliest battles, or "incidents," between Chinese and Japanese troops. The Chinese captured Japanese outpost after fierce battle. With stick grenades the Chinese disabled Japanese machine gun nests and killed all the Japanese inside. The Chinese outpost, with a force of seven men, held off the invading Japanese army for five days. First attack by Mongol mercenaries and Japanese troops failed and all Mongols killed by the Chinese. On the sixth day, all 7 soldiers were killed in action. However, the outpost successfully covered for other Chinese forces to retreat. The seven soldiers tricked the Japanese army into believing there were a thousand Chinese troops defending the outpost. Bronze statues of the fighting soldiers were built in Lesser Kinmen in commemoration.'] ['Dragon Nine, an imperial detective, is on his way back after concluding the case of the Thief Ghost. He encounters "Sword Saint" Yeh, who asks him to tell "Sword Deity" Simon to meet him for a duel on the night of the full moon at the highest rooftop of the Forbidden Palace. News of the upcoming duel between the two greatest swordsmen spread like wildfire and attract much attention, with people starting to place bets on the final outcome. The Emperor sends Dragon Nine and Princess Phoenix to stop the duel from taking place and investigate whether it is a mask for any sinister plots.'] ['{{plot}} Ogami Ittō, the disgraced former shogun\'s executioner, or Kogi Kaishakunin, is traveling by river on a boat with his young son Daigoro floating behind in the baby cart. A young woman at the front of the boat, clearly distraught for some reason, accidentally drops a bundle into the water, which Daigoro retrieves. Ittō, meanwhile, draws his sword part way and notices in the reflection on the blade that some bamboo reeds are also trailing the boat. Ittō is being followed by operatives of his mortal enemy, the Yagyū Clan – a constant threat that he can never ignore. Later, as Daigoro is relieving himself in a bamboo glade, Ittō slices some bamboo stalks, causing some ninja to fall from their perch. This is a time when there are ronin, or at the very least a low-class of samurai termed watari-kashi – small bands of fighters who move from job to job, working from one daimyo to the next, depending on who\'s hiring. A group of four watari-kashi are idling along the road. Hot and bored, they spy an attractive young woman and her mother being escorted by a servant. Three of them run off to take advantage, but one of the band – Kanbei, the more honorable of the four – remains uninterested. The three knock the escort unconscious and proceed to rape the two women. The servant regains consciousness and is furious when he sees the triad violating his mistresses. He attempts to beat them with his bamboo pole, but is slain by Kanbei, who then also slays the two women to silence them. Kanbei then makes his three companions draw straws, saying the one unfortunate enough to draw the short straw will be killed to take the blame for the rapes and murders. Ittō happens along this grim scene just as Kanbei is slaying the watari-kashi who drew the short straw. Ittō kills the other two rapists when they attempt to attack him. Kanbei recognizes Ittō and requests a duel. Ittō accepts and they prepare, but at the last second Ittō re-sheathes his sword and calls it a draw, leaving Kanbei to ponder his fate alone. "You are a true warrior," Ittō says, "One I hope lives on." At an inn, it turns out that the young woman from the boat is to be sold into prostitution. Her pimp tries to have his way with her, but she bites off his tongue, spitting the bloody appendage onto the floor. The pimp dies from the injury. The girl seeks refuge in Ittō\'s room, who steps in to protect her from the local police. But then the town\'s real authorities show up – the yakuza, led by a woman named Torizo. After some verbal sparring and defending himself against Torizo\'s pistol, Ittō agrees to act as a substitute for the young woman and undergo buri-buri, a form of torture that involves the subject being hogtied and hung in the air and repeatedly dunked headfirst into a tub of water. The subject is then beaten to unconsciousness by men wielding thick rattan canes and shouting "buri-buri". Ittō endures the torture with his typical stoicism. This frees the young woman from having work as a prostitute. Ittō, still with a debt to pay for the death of the pimp, agrees to take on an assassination for Torizo and her father, a one-armed man that Ittō is acquainted with from his past life as the shogun\'s executioner - acting as second during the execution of a daimyo who, fear-stricken, struggled dishonourably; Torizo\'s father had restrained the daimyo, sacrificing his arm to Ittō\'s killing stroke. The target is a corrupt district deputy. Initially Ittō is to face the deputy\'s personal bodyguards, one of whom is a sharpshooter and quick-draw artist who wields a pair of revolvers. Through cunning and guile , Ittō defeats the armed man and takes his guns. The other is defeated by Ittō in a sword duel. Ittō\'s battle culminates in his facing the deputy\'s army – perhaps 200 men – singlehandedly. For the first time, the true power of the baby cart is revealed as it proves to harbor an entire arsenal of weapons, including spears, daggers, a bullet-proof shield, and a small battery of guns, capable of taking out many enemy soldiers like a heavy machine gun. All of the deputy\'s men are killed as Ittō first takes out half of them with the baby cart\'s machine gun, and then takes out the rest with his sword and other weapons from the baby cart. The deputy is the last to fall when Ittō, deprived of his sword when it falls out of his hands when he falls down an embankment, takes out one of the pistols he took earlier from the deputy bodyguard and uses it to shoot and kill the deputy. Ittō then discards the gun and reclaims his sword, mumbling to himself that firearms are so uncivilized. Word of the fight has been passed to neighboring districts, and the ronin Kanbei shows up just after Ittō has slain the deputy, and makes his demand again for a duel. Though battle-weary, Ittō accepts the challenge. The fight is over in an instant. Ittō is sliced across his back, but Kanbei is mortally wounded, impaled on Ittō\'s Dotanuki battle sword. As Kanbei kneels to the ground, dying, he tells Ittō his story and why he became a ronin – a tale involving an ambush on his master\'s convoy. Seeing his side outnumbered, Kanbei seized an opportunity and ran ahead to attack the enemy head on. He surprised the enemy and prevailed in deflecting the hostiles, and saved the lord\'s life as a result, but since he left his lord\'s side, he was dishonored and expelled from the clan. He questions Ittō whether he had done the wrong thing, and whether being a samurai means to fight and live, or to simply never leave the master\'s side and die. Ittō replied that he would have done the same. "I am glad to hear that," Kanbei says, who then asks the former shogun\'s executioner to act as his "second" in the act of seppuku. This Ittō does with honor. When asked by Kanbei what is the true "Way of the Warrior", Ittō replies that it is neither to simply live nor die, but to live through death. As Ittō walks away and Torizo begins to runs after him, but is stopped by her men. They implore her not to go to him, saying he is not human, but a monster.'] ['Frank Martin  is a highly skilled driver known only as "The Transporter." The titular character is a former Special Forces officer who, disillusioned with his former leadership and tortured by the memories of his past, now lives on the French Mediterranean coastline with a lucrative "backup" career. He will transport anything, no questions asked, from Point A to Point B, always on time, and he is known as the best in the business. He strictly follows four rules when transporting: Rule #1: "No new deals, when it\'s a deal, it\'s a deal", Rule #2: "No names", Rule #3: "Don\'t open the package", and Rule #4: "Never make a promise you can\'t keep". Frank has been hired to transport "Three men, 254 kilos." When not three but four men get into his car, fresh from a bank heist, Frank refuses to move, holding fast to Rule #1. After one gang member is killed by the others, Frank leaves with the remaining robbers. On delivery to their destination, they foist new money on Frank to drive further from the city. He refuses the deal, again adhering to Rule #1. The robbers escape in another car, and Frank leaves. Frank returns to his mansion in the south of France, and he finds out via the news that the gang was caught after crashing their getaway car in a pursuit. Later, local police Inspector Tarconi , who happens to be a close acquaintance, arrives to question Frank about the robbery, since his make and model of car was the same used in the robbery. However, despite his suspicions about Frank\'s involvement, Tarconi has no concrete proof about the heist  and leaves his Villa. Frank is then hired to deliver a package to an American gangster  known only as "Wall Street.". During the way, he notices that something is moving in the package, but he refuses to open the bag due to Rule #3. While changing a flat tire on the road in France, he breaks one of his rules and opens the package that was placed into the trunk at Point A. He finds the package is really a woman, and he makes a small hole in the tape over her mouth and gives her a bottle of juice to drink. He delivers the package as promised to Point B. After receiving the package, Wall Street asks Frank to transport a briefcase. Frank reluctantly accepts the job. He takes the briefcase and leaves. On the way, he stops at a gas station to eat and rest for a little while, but the briefcase turns out to be a bomb that destroys Frank\'s car in the parking lot but leaves him unharmed. Frank snaps and returns to Wall Street\'s residence with a vengeance, dispatching several of his henchmen and then stealing a car to get away, only to find "the package" tied to a chair in the back seat. Later on, he returns to his house, and unties the package who tells him that her name is Lai. The next day, Tarconi arrives. Lai opens the door and claims to be Frank\'s new cook. He makes the usual inquiries, producing a scorched license plate, and expressing suspicion that Frank\'s "cook" drives a Mercedes. Lai now says she is Frank\'s new girlfriend and supports Frank\'s alibi with an invented story about how they met. Tarconi leaves with no proof again. However, shortly after he leaves, missiles rain down on Frank\'s house, and Frank and Lai are barely able to escape the house into the sewer, swimming away from the house before it completely explodes. At the police station, being questioned about the destruction of Frank\'s house, Frank and Lai are able to deflect Tarconi\'s questions, and Lai manages to sneak onto Tarconi\'s computer to access information on Wall Street. She tells Frank that Wall Street is trafficking two shipping containers full of Chinese people including her own father and family, and is planning to sell them into slavery. Lai and Frank go to Wall Street\'s office to find the shipping docket identifying the containers. However, Wall Street reveals that Lai\'s family is not in the containers. In fact, her father is the man responsible for the human trafficking. Tarconi, who was following Frank, then arrives at the office. Wall Street and Lai\'s father accuse Frank of kidnapping Lai and attempting to blackmail them. Unable to prove otherwise, Tarconi has Frank arrested and locked up in the station. At the station, Frank does his best to explain the situation to Tarconi. Tarconi agrees to abet Frank\'s escape as his faux hostage. Frank then tracks the criminals to the docks, where they load the containers onto trucks. However, Frank is spotted and is forced to fight his way through the guards, failing to stop the trucks. He then steals a small airplane and parachutes onto one of the trucks, killing Wall Street and a number of his henchmen. After getting out of the truck, Frank is then ambushed by Lai\'s father. However, Frank is saved when Lai shoots her own father. Afterwards, Tarconi arrives with the police and they rescue the people trapped inside the containers, and Frank and Lai help to load them in the ambulances as the film ends.'] ["Set in the 1930s, and narrated like an old ballad, The Tiger from Tjampa tells the story of a young man, Lukman  who seeks to avenge his father's murder by learning , Indonesia's traditional form of self defence, based on the movements of animals. The pencak silat shown in the film is regionally specific to West Sumatra. Lukman pleads Datuk Langit  to teach him, the man having asked him for three buffalos as payment which is beyond his means. Lukman then witnesses a man beat his opponent in a fight quite easily and begs him to teach him silat. The man agrees with the condition that his silat would not be used for oppressing the weak, but for self defense only. Lukman breaks his promise numerous times, but every time his teacher always manages to forgive him until his lessons are complete. Lukman then once defies his teacher by killing a gambler, and is imprisoned. In jail, Lukman learns that Datuk Langit is responsible for his father's death. He manages to escape from prison and confront him, finally defeating him, after which he turns both him and himself to the authorities. The Tiger from Tjampa is by no means a simple story of revenge, but is really an exploration of the practise and philosophical bases of pencak silat, and its relation to Islamic values. Lukman is repeatedly shown to be intemperate, and easily provoked. Besides learning the martial art, he must also learn perseverance and self-restraint. He must learn tunggu sabar ."] 