['The film opens with a group of thieves—led by Anthony Fait—attempting to steal diamonds for a Frenchman named Christophe, who serves as the middleman for a mysterious employer. When Fait contacts Christophe, a Taiwanese Intelligence Agent named Su intercepts the conversation and attempts to identify the criminals. While the crew gathers up as many diamonds as they can, including a bag of black diamonds, Agent Su calls Fait and demands that he and his crew leave the diamonds in the vault, warning him that the police are on the way. Fait, however, ignores this warning, and the criminals attempt a daring escape past a SWAT-team blockade. While Fait, Daria, and Tommy all manage to escape, Agent Su captures Miles and recovers Miles\' share of the diamonds. Su is disappointed to find that Miles does not have the black diamonds though. Fait, meanwhile, asks his friend Archie to appraise the black diamonds he had stolen. Arriving at the San Francisco International Airport, Christophe\'s mysterious employer, Yao Ling, is informed, by his assistant Sona, that Christophe has been attacked and that Fait and his gang have taken the black diamonds. Later that night, Fait runs into Su. During this inadvertent meeting, Fait receives a phone call from Yao Ling, who demands that Fait hand over the black diamonds. Fait refuses and is subsequently attacked by two of Ling\'s henchman. With Su\'s help, he defeats them and escapes. Soon after the fight, Archie tells Fait that some gangsters came to his workshop and demanded the black diamonds as well. After some hesitation, Archie admits that he gave the stones to the gangsters to spare his own life. Fait also receives another call from Ling, who has kidnapped Fait\'s daughter, Vanessa, to persuade Fait to give up the diamonds. Now with a common enemy, Fait and Su team up to recover the diamonds from the gangsters and rescue Vanessa from Ling. Fait visits jailed crime lord "Jump" Chambers, most likely the employer of the gangsters who had robbed Archie. When Chambers refuses to cooperate, Fait goes to Chambers\' night club, hoping to find the stones somewhere in his office. The plan goes awry, and Fait and the gang have to leave empty-handed. Meanwhile, Su and Archie go to an underground club to try to find the gangsters who attacked Archie. Because the club does not allow guests, Su is forced to enter as a fighter in the club\'s fighting ring. During Su\'s fight, Archie sees the man they are looking for, recognizing the man\'s ring. Through this informant, they learn that the diamonds are hidden in the bubble bath in Chamber\'s office. When they return to the nightclub to retrieve the diamonds, they find that Yao Ling\'s men have already taken the stones. Meanwhile, while locked in a van, Vanessa finds a cell phone and calls her father. Just before the phone\'s battery runs out, Vanessa gives some clues as to her location. With these clues, the gang surmises that Vanessa is being held in an airport hangar. Realizing that Yao Ling will want to auction off the stones, which are actually weapons of mass destruction, the group searches flight schedules to find an airport where a large number of private flights will be landing that night. Finding the right airport, the group races to the hangar, where Yao Ling\'s auction is already starting. A fight ensues, and Fait and his crew take out members of Ling\'s team. Vanessa is rescued and Ling is killed by one of the stones. When the police arrive, Fait promises to end his criminal career in order to lead a safe and happy life with Vanessa. In a bonus scene during the credits, Tommy and Archie plan to make a movie with their story, using famous actors, such as Denzel Washington. They plan to get the director of the movies Exit Wounds and Romeo Must Die .'] ['In a noisy print shop, a disgraced police detective named Hofmeister  escapes from pursuing criminals\' attacks. Hofmeister telephones his former superior Inspector Karl Lohmann  and explains frantically that he has discovered a huge criminal conspiracy. Before disclosing the identity of responsible criminal, the lights go out, shots are fired, and Hofmeister becomes mad. Hofmeister vanishes only to be found later singing every time he feels watched, and he is institutionalized at Professor Baum\'s asylum. Professor Baum  introduces the case of Dr. Mabuse , the criminal mastermind and hypnotist who ten years earlier went mad. Mabuse spends his days frantically writing detailed plans for crimes while a criminal gang is committing them according to "the plans of the Doctor", with whom they confer only from behind a curtain. When Baum\'s colleague Dr. Kramm  by chance discovers that recent crimes implement Mabuse\'s writings, Kramm is shot by the gang\'s execution squad, Hardy and Bredow. A clue scratched in a glass window pane at Hofmeister\'s crime scene causes Lohmann to suspect Mabuse. On arrival at the asylum, Baum reveals that Mabuse has died. When Lohmann disparagingly talks about "Mabuse the criminal", Baum emphatically speaks about "Mabuse the genius". Baum continues to study Mabuse\'s writings and seems to confer with the ghostly Dr. Mabuse. The spirit of Mabuse speaks about an "unlimited reign of crime" and merges with the Professor\'s silhouette. During the same night, a hidden figure confers with sections of his organisation, preparing various crimes such as an attack on a chemical plant, robbing a bank, counterfeiting, poisoning water and destroying harvests. One of the gang members, Thomas Kent , is conflicted between his criminal work, which he needs to do for money, and his affection for a young woman named Lilli . Lilli, devoted to Kent, begs him to confide in her. Kent confesses his past and his current situation to her. The two decide to inform the police but are abducted and locked in the strange meeting room with the curtain. The hidden figure announces their death when they discover that the curtained alcove contains only a loudspeaker and that there is a time-bomb. After several escape attempts have failed, they flood the place to lessen the impact of the explosion and break free when the time-bomb goes off. Meanwhile the police are besieging a flat where several gangsters, including Hardy and Bredow, are staying. After a shootout, Hardy commits suicide while the other gangsters surrender. As Bredow testifies that they assassinated Dr. Kramm in the vicinity of the asylum, Lohmann arranges a confrontation between the gangsters and the Professor, which proves inconclusive. On Kent and Lilli\'s arrival. Baum\'s shocked reaction to Kent makes Lohmann suspicious. Lohmann and Kent visit the asylum, where they discover that Baum is the mastermind and has planned an attack on a chemical plant that night. Lohmann and Kent go to the exploding plant where they discover Baum watching from afar. Baum flees to the asylum with Lohmann and Kent pursuing. Mabuse\'s spirit leads Baum to Hofmeister in his cell where he introduces himself as Dr. Mabuse, ending Hofmeister\'s shock. Baum tries to kill Hofmeister but is stopped by guards, just as Lohmann and Kent arrive. The final scene shows the insane Baum in the cell, tearing Mabuse\'s writings to shreds.'] ["Set in the 1920s as all of the series, Fu Manchu plots to freeze the world's oceans with a diabolical new device. With his evil daughter, Lin Tang, his army of dacoits, and the help of the local crime organization led by Omar Pashu , Fu Manchu takes over the governor's castle in Istanbul which has a massive Opium reserve, to control the largest opium port in Anatolia, a fuel for his machine. He needs the help of an intelligent scientist with an ailing heart whom he has imprisoned so kidnaps a doctor and his wife to give him a heart transplant from one of his obedient servants. Opposing him from Britain's Interpol, is his arch-nemesis Nayland Smith and Dr. Petrie."] ['Reuben Tishkoff , in an attempt to legitimize himself in his later years, is conned by Willy Bank , his former business partner. When Bank forces Tishkoff to sign over the ownership rights of the new hotel/casino they were building together, Reuben suffers a heart attack and becomes bed-ridden. Daniel Ocean , after attempting to negotiate with Bank, gathers up his partners-in-crime and plans to ruin Bank on the opening night of his hotel-casino, "The Bank", to get revenge for Reuben. The first of two plans is to prevent "The Bank" from winning the prestigious Five Diamond Award, which Bank has previously won with all of his previous hotels. Saul Bloom  poses as the reviewer of the board, while the real reviewer , is treated horribly during his stay through Ocean\'s associates and the staff on their payroll. The second plan is to rig the casino\'s slot machines and other games to force a pay out more than $500&nbsp;million in winnings across the casino; this will force Bank to cede control of the casino to his board. Rigging of the games would require them to defeat "The Greco Player Tracker", a state-of-the-art artificial intelligence system that monitors the games and ensures that all winnings are legitimate, by measuring the players\' biometric responses for authenticity. They plan to trick Bank into carrying a cell phone with a magnetron, created by technical expert Roman Nagel , to disrupt the Greco. To assure that players cash out, Ocean\'s team acquires one of the giant drills used to bore the Channel Tunnel, to simulate an earthquake under the hotel on opening night. While the group prepares the rigged games, the drill breaks, forcing them to approach Terry Benedict , one of the previous people they stole from, to fund the purchase of the second drill. While Benedict has a grudge against Bank and is willing to help, he only offers Ocean the funds if they also steal the 4 Five Diamond Awards, now on display in a secured case at the top level of the hotel. Ocean plans for Linus Caldwell  to seduce Bank\'s assistant, Abigail Sponder , to gain access to the display and switch the diamonds with fakes. As Ocean\'s plan proceeds on opening night, agents from the FBI have been tipped off that machines have been rigged by Livingston Dell   and have identified him, which may reveal the rest of Ocean\'s gang to Bank. Basher  distracts Bank long enough to allow Virgil  and Turk Malloy  to change the group\'s FBI records, including their names and appearances. Linus, in the process of seducing Sponder in the secure room with the diamonds, is interrupted by the lead FBI agent. He explains the diamond-theft plan to Sponder, and Linus is arrested, but as they exit in the elevator, the lead agent is revealed to be his father, Bobby , who is in on Ocean\'s plan and there to help Linus swap the diamonds. As they exit to the roof of the hotel for extraction via helicopter, they are caught by François "The Night Fox" Toulour , whom Benedict had ordered to intercept the diamonds. Linus gives the diamonds to Toulour, who leaves, but discovers he only holds the fakes after departing; Ocean had been aware of Toulour\'s presence, and arranged to extract the entire display case from the hotel with a helicopter. The remainder of Ocean\'s plan continues as expected, with "The Greco" disrupted, and guests leaving the hotel with their huge winnings. As Bank realizes his ruin, Ocean lets him know that they did everything for Reuben, taunting him about the fact that Bank cannot even arrange for revenge as he cannot prove that Ocean did anything illegal. The group uses the money they made off with to buy property north of the Las Vegas Strip for Reuben to build his own casino. As punishment for Benedict\'s treachery, Ocean donates his portion of the take to charity, all $72 Million; forcing Benedict to publicly admit his philanthropy via TV appearances. As the group disperses on their own and considers settling down, Rusty ensures that the real Five Diamond reviewer is compensated by allowing him to win an $11&nbsp;million jackpot at a rigged slot machine at the airport.'] ["In the third and final episode of the trilogy, Fantômas imposes a head tax on the rich, threatening to kill those who do not comply. Journalist Fandor and commissaire Juve are invited to Scotland by Lord McRashley . Lord McRashley, one of Fantômas' potential victims, uses his castle as the headquarters to set up a trap for the menace called Fantômas."] ['In the second episode of the trilogy Fantômas kidnaps distinguished scientist professor Marchand with the aim to develop a super weapon that will enable him to menace the world. Fantômas is also planning to abduct a second scientist, professor Lefebvre. Journalist Fandor develops an ingenious scheme whereby he disguises himself as Lefebvre and attends a scientific conference in Rome, Italy to lure Fantômas into attempting to kidnap him. The plan seems to work until commissaire Juve steps into the fray and as usual messes things up, although Juve redeems himself by saving the troupe with an array of special gadgets which he has developed especially for his hunt for Fantômas. Yet, once again Fantômas escapes in style, using his Citroën DS with retractable wings that converts into an airplane in what amounts to one of the most unexpected and spectacular scenes of the genre.Picture of the Fantômas Citroën DS with retractable wings through Internet Archive'] ['The opening titles announce it is set "possibly around 1933." The story concerns the 168-year-old Fu Manchu, who must duplicate the ingredients to the elixir vitae  after the original is accidentally destroyed by one of Fu Manchu minions. When the diamond "The Star of Leningrad" is stolen by a clockwork spider from a Soviet exhibition in Washington D.C., the F.B.I. sends a pair of special agents to seek the assistance of Scotland Yard as a card from Fu Manchu\'s organisation the Si-Fan has been left at the crime. Sir Roger Avery of the Yard feels this is a job for Fu\'s archnemesis, Sir Denis Nayland-Smith, now retired. Nayland-Smith correctly surmises that Fu Manchu will steal the identical twin to the missing diamond that is held in the Tower of London. Nayland-Smith also predicts that Fu will be thwarted by the tight security  at the Tower, then will kidnap Queen Mary to gain the jewel. He recruits a woman police constable to impersonate the Queen and fool Fu\'s gang.'] [' In Gotham City, Batman  and Robin  attempt to stop Mr. Freeze  from stealing a cache of diamonds. The supervillain freezes Robin and flees, warning Batman he has 11 minutes to thaw Robin. They learn that Freeze was scientist Dr. Victor Fries who became dependent on a diamond-powered subzero suit following an accident in a cryogenics lab he was using to find a cure for his wife, Nora , who was suffering from a terminal illness called MacGregor\'s Syndrome. Meanwhile, in South America, botanist Dr. Pamela Isley  is working under Dr. Jason Woodrue , a mad scientist who recently had his funding cut by Wayne Enterprises and is experimenting with the strength serum "Venom". Pamela discovers Dr. Woodrue subjecting a diminutive convict  to the experiment, transforming him into the muscular "Bane" . Dr. Woodrue and Pamela argue over the use of the drug and, when she refuses to join him, Woodrue overturns a shelf of various toxins onto her. She transforms into the seductive Poison Ivy before killing Dr. Woodrue with a kiss from her poisonous lips. She leaves with Bane for Gotham, intending to use the chemicals produced by Wayne Enterprises for her schemes. Back in Gotham, Barbara Wilson , Bruce Wayne\'s butler Alfred Pennyworth\'s  niece, makes a surprise visit and is invited to stay at Wayne Manor until she returns to college. Alfred is revealed to be suffering from MacGregor\'s Syndrome. Poison Ivy interrupts a Wayne Enterprises press conference unveiling a new observatory, to propose a project that would turn Gotham City into a lush rainforest, but Bruce turns down the offer. Later, a charity event is held by Wayne Enterprises with special guests Batman and Robin in attendance. Ivy seduces them as well as several other men with her pheromone powder she blows at victims, until Freeze crashes the party and steals a diamond from the event. Freeze is captured by Batman and detained at Arkham Asylum, but flees with the help of Ivy and Bane after dealing the guards who are guarding Freeze. Robin becomes smitten with Ivy and begins to rebel against Batman at Freeze\'s hideout. Ivy imprisons Robin when he does not give in to her charms and subdues Batman when he confronts her. Barbara – now a costumed crime-fighter calling herself Batgirl — arrives and defeats her. Batman, Robin, and Batgirl go after Freeze together. When they arrive at the observatory where Freeze and Bane are, Gotham is completely frozen from Freeze\'s ice ray. Robin and Batgirl confront Bane and defeat him, while Batman and Freeze fight, with Batman winning. Freeze destroys the observatory with a set of bombs Bane planted, but Batman escapes. Batgirl and Robin unfreeze Gotham by repositioning the observatory\'s satellites, which use their mirrors to reflect sunlight, in order to thaw Gotham from outer space. Batman shows Freeze a recording of Ivy during her fight with Batgirl, in which she brags about killing Nora. Batman tells Freeze that his wife is not dead; she was restored and moved to Arkham, where he could complete his research. Batman asks Victor for the cure he created for the first stage of MacGregor\'s Syndrome for Alfred; the ex-scientist atones for his misdeeds by giving him the medicine he had developed. Ivy is detained at Arkham with a vengeful Freeze as her cellmate. Alfred is eventually healed, and everyone agrees to let Barbara stay at the mansion.'] ['A deformed baby boy is thrown into Gotham City\'s river by his terrified parents . Thirty-three years later, the child, Oswald Cobblepot , resurfaces as a criminal, the Penguin, who kidnaps millionaire industrialist and business tycoon Max Shreck . With evidence of his corporate crimes, Cobblepot blackmails Shreck into helping him leave the sewers to become part of Gotham\'s elite. The Penguin arranges for the Mayor\'s child to be kidnapped, whom he then "rescues" in order to set himself up as a heroic figure. Max Shreck later pushes his secretary, Selina Kyle , out of a window from his company\'s building after she discovers that his proposed power station for Gotham actually will drain electricity from the city. Selina survives the fall, but it causes a psychotic break and her personality changes. Having an affinity for cats, Selina returns home and designs a costume, becoming Catwoman and focusing on revenge against her boss. Shreck then hatches a plan to recall Gotham City\'s current mayor ([[Michael Murphy  and elect Cobblepot in his place, in order to cement his control over the city and complete his power plant project. The Penguin\'s gang of circus performers cause chaos around Gotham to reduce the popularity of the Mayor. Meanwhile, Batman  continues to have confrontations with Catwoman as well as the Penguin\'s gang. Selina, meanwhile, falls in love with Batman\'s alter-ego Bruce Wayne, a situation complicated by Catwoman\'s teaming with the Penguin in an effort to rid Gotham of Batman. They kidnap the Ice Princess , a woman chosen to turn on the Gotham Christmas Tree lights, and frame Batman for the crime. Batman finds her tied up in a nearby building. He learns that the Penguin kidnapped her, but Catwoman then takes her to the top of the building. The Penguin causes the woman to fall off the building, killing her, with a crowd seeing Batman and believing that he killed her. Catwoman is upset because she did not intend to kill the Princess, and then rejects the Penguin\'s advances on her, whereupon the Penguin tries to kill her. In the midst of Batman\'s attempt at rescuing the Ice Princess, the Penguin\'s henchmen sabotage the Batmobile. When Batman returns to the Batmobile, the Penguin takes control of it and wreaks havoc on the streets of Gotham City until Batman manages to disable the Penguin\'s control while recording the Penguin\'s taunts about framing Batman and fooling the city. When Bruce exposes the Penguin\'s villainous ways, thereby ruining his election chances, the Penguin initiates a plan to kidnap all of Gotham\'s first-born infants. He personally attempts to take Max\'s son, Charles "Chip" Shreck , but agrees to take Max instead. Batman foils the Penguin\'s kidnapping scheme, whereupon the Penguin then decides to launch missiles around Gotham using mind-controlled penguins. However, Batman is able to jam the frequency used to control the penguins and has missiles launched at the Penguin\'s base. Batman confronts the Penguin, which culminates in the Penguin falling into the toxic waters in his lair. Batman tries persuading Catwoman to turn Shreck over to the police, even unmasking himself in the process, but Shreck draws a gun. Catwoman claims that she still has six of her nine lives remaining, and stays standing up after Shreck fires his gun at her four times. Catwoman uses a taser to cause an explosion, electrocuting Shreck and apparently sacrificing herself . The Penguin then emerges from the toxic water and tries to kill Batman, but he succumbs to his wounds. His body is taken by his penguins into the sewer waters as a final resting place. Later, Bruce is being driven around the city at night with butler Alfred Pennyworth  and thinks he sees Selina\'s shadow on a wall. Alfred stops the car, and Bruce finds a cat, which he takes with him and leaves. As the Bat-Signal lights up the night sky, a silhouette of what appears to be Catwoman is seen gazing at it.'] ["The film opens with the ghostly execution of world mastermind criminal Fu Manchu, witnessed by arch-nemesis Nayland Smith. Back in England, however, it is increasingly apparent that Fu Manchu is still operating. Smith is quick to detect that the execution he witnessed was that of a double, an actor hypnotised into taking Fu Manchu's place. The villain is back in London, working from a secret base underneath the River Thames. He has kidnapped the esteemed Professor Muller, who holds the key to a potentially deadly solution from the seeds of a rare Tibetan flower."] ['In 1925, Anton Phibes, a horribly disfigured genius supposedly killed in a car crash, is convinced that his beloved wife died a victim of incompetent doctors, and begins elaborate plans to kill them. Inspector Trout suspects Phibes, but finds little support from Scotland Yard. Eventually Dr. Vesalius, head of the team of doctors that operated on Phibes\'s wife, begins to believe Trout and aids him in the hunt for Phibes. Using various highly imaginative methods based on the Ten Plagues that befell Egypt in the Old Testament, and wearing a different amulet from a set of ten Hebrew letters that relate to the Ten Plagues, Phibes kills seven doctors and a nurse with the help of his beautiful and silent female assistant Vulnavia . He has reserved the final punishment for Dr. Vesalius. He kidnaps the doctor\'s son and places him on a table on which a container full of acid is waiting to destroy the boy\'s face. A small key implanted near the boy\'s heart will free him, but Vesalius must perform the surgery within six minutes to get the key before the acid falls. Vesalius succeeds and instead Vulnavia is sprayed with the acid as the police arrive. Convinced he has accomplished his vendetta, Phibes retreats to a stone sarcophagus beside the embalmed body of his wife. As he drains out his own blood and replaces it with embalming fluid the coffin\'s inlaid stone lid slides into place, concealing them both in darkness. Trout and the police arrive and discover that Phibes has mysteriously disappeared. Trout and Vesalius recall that the "final curse" was darkness and they speculate that they will encounter Phibes again.  Dr. Phibes takes his inspiration for the murders from the Old Testament, the Ten plagues of Egypt: #Boils: Prof. Thornton is stung to death by bees  #Bats: Dr. Dunwoody is mauled to death by bats #Frogs: Dr. Hargreaves\'s  head is crushed by a mechanical mask of a frog #Blood: Dr. Longstreet has all the blood drained out of his body #Hail: Dr. Hedgepath is frozen to death by a machine spewing ice #Rats: Dr. Kitaj crashes his plane when attacked by rats #Beasts: Dr. Whitcombe is impaled by a brass unicorn head #Locusts: Nurse Allen is eaten by locusts #Death of the first born: Phibes kidnaps and attempts to kill Dr. Vesalius\'s son Lem #Darkness: At the ambiguous ending of the film, Phibes drains the blood from his own body while injecting embalming fluid, apparently joining his wife in death.'] ["Princess Ling Moy lives next door to Dr. Fu Manchu, and is romantically involved with Ah Kee, a secret agent determined to thwart Fu Manchu. It is revealed that Fu Manchu is Ling Moy's father."] [' In Gotham City, Batman  stops a hostage situation in a bank caused by Two-Face , the alter ego of the disfigured former district attorney, Harvey Dent. Unfortunately, Two-Face escapes. Edward Nygma , a researcher at Wayne Enterprises, develops a device to beam television directly to a person\'s brain; Bruce Wayne  rejects the invention, noting that it "raises too many questions", and Edward angrily resigns from his position. After meeting psychiatrist Dr. Chase Meridian , Bruce invites her to a charity circus event. There, Two-Face and his henchmen storm the event in an attempt to discover Batman\'s secret identity, and in the process murder The Flying Graysons, a family of acrobats. The youngest member, Dick , survives and throws Two-Face\'s bomb into the river. Bruce assumes responsibility for Dick and allows him to stay at Wayne Manor. Dick then declares his intention to kill Two-Face and avenge his family\'s murder, and when he discovers Bruce\'s secret identity as Batman, he insists on becoming his sidekick, "Robin". Meanwhile, Nygma becomes a criminal known as the "Riddler", the master of puzzles and quizzes and forms an alliance with Two-Face. Using his invention that Bruce had rejected earlier, Nygma can read and control people\'s minds, and steal their intelligence quotient. At a business party, Edward discovers Bruce\'s secret identity. Two-Face then attacks the party and nearly kills Batman, but Robin arrives just in time to save his life. However, Two-Face and the Riddler later converge into Wayne Manor. The Riddler enters the Batcave and destroys most of the equipment, and he and Two-Face kidnap Chase, while leaving Bruce another riddle. After solving the last riddle, Batman and Robin locate the Riddler\'s lair, Claw Island, where both are separated upon reaching the island. Robin then encounters Two-Face and manages to beat him to the ground; realizing that he does not have it in him to commit murder, Robin helps the villain back up. Two-Face gets the upper hand and captures Robin. Meanwhile, Batman manages to make his way into the Riddler\'s lair, where Robin and Chase are revealed as hostages, giving Batman a choice of saving just one hostage. Batman finds a way to save both hostages, and manages to destroy the brainwave-collecting device, driving the Riddler into a mental breakdown in the process. During the battle, Two-Face falls to his death. The Riddler is finally sent to Arkham Asylum, and Chase is asked to consult on his case. Riddler offers to reveal the identity of Batman to her, but he thinks himself Batman. Chase then meets Bruce Wayne outside and tells him his secret is safe.'] ['Bela Lugosi stars as Mr. Wong, a "harmless" Chinatown shopkeeper by day and relentless blood-thirsty pursuer of the Twelve Coins of Confucius by night. With possession of the coins, Mr. Wong will be supreme ruler of the Chinese province of Keelat, and his evil destiny will be fulfilled. A killing spree follows in dark and dangerous Chinatown as Wong gets control of 11 of the 12 coins. Reporter Jason Barton and his girl Peg are hot on his trail, but soon find themselves in serious trouble when they stumble onto Wong\'s headquarters.'] ['Sir Denis Nayland Smith  of the British Secret Service warns Egyptologist Sir Lionel Barton  that he must beat Fu Manchu in the race to find the tomb of Genghis Khan. The power-mad Fu Manchu  intends to use the sword and mask to proclaim himself the reincarnation of the legendary conqueror and inflame the peoples of Asia and the Middle East into a war to wipe out the "white race". Sir Lionel is kidnapped soon afterward and taken to Fu Manchu. Fu Manchu tries bribing his captive, even offering his own daughter, Fah Lo See . When that fails, Barton suffers the "torture of the bell"  in an unsuccessful attempt to get him to reveal the location of the tomb. Barton\'s daughter Sheila  insists on taking her father\'s place on the expedition, as she knows where the tomb is. She finds the tomb and its treasures with the help of her fiance Terrence "Terry" Granville , Von Berg , and McLeod . Nayland Smith joins them soon afterward. McLeod is killed by Fu Manchu\'s men during a robbery attempt. When that fails, an emissary offers to trade Barton for the priceless artifacts. Despite Terry\'s misgivings, Sheila persuades him to take the relics to Fu Manchu without Smith\'s knowledge. However, when Fu Manchu tests the sword, he determines that it is a fake . Terry is whipped under the supervision of Fah Lo See, who is attracted to him. Meanwhile, Fu Manchu has Barton\'s corpse delivered to Sheila. When Nayland tries to rescue Terry, he is taken captive as well. Terry is injected with a serum that makes him temporarily obedient to Fu Manchu and he is released. He tells Sheila and Von Berg that Nayland Smith wants them to bring the sword and mask to him. Sheila senses something is wrong, but Von Berg digs up the real relics, and they follow Terry into a trap. Captured by Fu Manchu, the party is sentenced to death or enslavement, but not before Sheila manages to bring Terry back to his senses. Sheila is to become a human sacrifice, Nayland Smith is to be lowered into a crocodile pit, and Von Berg placed between two sets of metal spikes inching toward each other. Terry is prepared for another dose of the serum, which will make him a permanent slave of the whims of Fu Manchu\'s daughter. However, Nayland Smith manages to free himself, Terry, and Von Berg. Using one of Fu Manchu\'s own weapons—a death ray that shoots an electric current—the men incapacitate the arch-villain as he raises the sword to execute Sheila. When Fu Manchu drops the sword, Terry picks it up and hacks him to death. While Terry frees Sheila and carries her away, Nayland Smith and Von Berg incinerate Fu Manchu\'s followers using the same weapon. Safely aboard a ship bound for England, Nayland Smith tosses the sword over the side so that the world will be safe from any future Fu Manchu.'] ['The charismatic criminal Dobermann , who got his first gun when he was christened, leads a gang of brutal robbers with his beautiful, deaf girlfriend Nat the Gypsy . After a complex and brutal bank robbery, they are being hunted by the Paris police. The hunt is led by the sadistic cop Christini , who only has one goal: to catch Dobermann. At any cost.'] ["In this serial, Fu Manchu attempts to conquer the world by acquiring the Sceptre of Genghis Khan, which will unite the people of Asia under his rule. The action heroics of the serial are provided by an original  character, Allan Parker, a young American, who has allied himself with the traditional British literary nemeses of Fu Manchu, Sir Denis Nayland Smith and his associate, Dr. Flinders Petrie after his father is kidnapped and killed by Fu Manchu's dacoits."] ['In an alternate, more technologically advanced 1939, the zeppelin Hindenburg III arrives in New York City, mooring at the Empire State Building. A frightened scientist named Dr. Jorge Vargas  makes arrangements for a package containing two vials to be delivered to a Dr. Walter Jennings , then vanishes. Polly Perkins , a newspaper reporter for The Chronicle, looks into the disappearances of Vargas and five other renowned scientists. She receives a cryptic message telling her to go to Radio City Music Hall. Ignoring the warning of editor Paley  not to go, she meets Dr. Jennings during a showing of The Wizard of Oz. He tells her that Dr. Totenkopf is coming for him. Suddenly, air raid sirens go off as giant indestructible robots attack the city. In desperation, the police call for "Sky Captain" Joe Sullivan , who commands a private air force based in New York, the Flying Legion. Polly photographs the action from the street as Sullivan knocks out one robot and the rest leave. News reports show similar attacks around the globe. The robot\'s wreckage is taken back to the Legion\'s air base so that its expert, Dex Dearborn , can examine it. Polly follows, hoping to get information for her story. She and Joe are ex-lovers, who broke up three years earlier in China where Joe was serving with the Flying Tigers. Since it appears Polly has useful information, Joe agrees to let her in on the investigation. Her lead takes them to the ransacked laboratory of Dr. Jennings, with the scientist himself near death. The killer, a mysterious woman , escapes. Jennings gives Polly two vials, which he says are crucial to Dr. Totenkopf\'s plans. Polly withholds this information from Joe. They return to the Legion\'s base, which comes under attack from squadrons of ornithopter drones. Dex manages to track the origin of the robot control signal, but he\'s captured. However, he leaves behind a part of a map marking the location of Totenkopf\'s base. Joe and Polly find it and head to Nepal. Venturing into the Himalayas, they discover an abandoned mining outpost. Two guides turn out to be working for Totenkopf, forcing Polly to turn over the vials and then locking her and Joe in a room full of explosives, which they light. Joe and Polly are knocked unconscious by the explosion. They wake up together in the mythical Shangri-La. The monks there tell of Totenkopf\'s enslavement of their people, forcing them to work in the uranium mines. Most were killed by the radiation, but the final survivor  provides a clue to where Totenkopf is hiding. This leads them to another of Joe\'s ex-flames, Commander Franky Cook , who commands a Royal Navy flying aircraft carrier with submarine aircraft. Franky leads the attack while Joe and Polly enter through an underwater inlet. After surfacing, Polly notices that the identification number on Joe\'s aircraft reads "Polly" when viewed upside-down. Joe and Polly find themselves on an island with dinosaur-like creatures. They head to a mountain and find a secret underground facility, where robots are loading animals, as well as the mysterious vials, onto a large "Noah\'s Ark" rocket. Joe and Polly are detected and nearly killed. Dex, piloting a barge, arrives in the nick of time with three of the missing scientists. Dex explains that Totenkopf has given up on humanity and seeks to start the world over again: the "World of Tomorrow". The vials are genetic material for a male and female human: a new Adam and Eve. In Totenkopf\'s lair, one scientist is incinerated by the defense system. A holograph of Totenkopf  appears and speaks. Dex disables the defenses and the group discovers Totenkopf\'s mummified corpse. He had died 20 years before, but his machines have carried on his work. In his hand is a scrap of paper reading "forgive me". The only way to sabotage the rocket is from the inside. Polly tries to tag along, but Joe kisses her and knocks her out. He prepares to sacrifice himself while the others escape. Polly recovers and follows Joe, arriving in time to save him from the mysterious woman, who turns out to be a robot. The two board the rocket. Before it reaches 100&nbsp;km, when its second stage fires and incinerates the earth, Polly pushes an emergency button that ejects all the animals in escape pods. Joe tries to disable the rocket only to be interrupted by the same robot. He jolts her with her electric weapon and then uses it on the controls, disabling the rocket. They use the last pod to save themselves as the rocket safely explodes. Joe and Polly watch the animal pods splash down around their escape pod. Polly then uses the last shot on her camera to take a picture of Joe. He tells her that the lens cap was still on the camera. Polly\'s look of joy turns to shock as she realizes she has no proof any of their adventure happened.'] ["U.N.C.L.E. agents Napoleon Solo  and Illya Kuryakin  investigate when fellow agent Robert Kingsley ([[Barry Sullivan  and European general Maximilian Harmon  disappear. Shortly afterward, five of the world's top scientists are mysteriously abducted. The trail leads to the Himalayas, where Kingsley has set himself up as potential world dictator, hoping to use the combined talents of the scientists to build a device that will spread mind-controlling gas throughout the planet. However, his wife Margitta Kingsley  has different plans for the gas."] ['The plot centers around a master diamond thief named Malichi who is framed for murder and put on death row. When the corrupt warden finds that he has hidden diamonds, he tries anything he can to get him to reveal the location of the diamonds, including extending his sentence. When Malichi realizes he is not going to find justice, he turns to Caj, a belligerent inmate that agrees to help him in order to gain his own freedom.'] ['In 1967, British spy Austin Powers attempts to assassinate his nemesis, Dr. Evil, in his own nightclub . Dr. Evil escapes by launching himself in a space rocket disguised as a Bob\'s Big Boy statue, and cryogenically freezing himself. Powers volunteers to be put into cryostasis to be revived when Dr. Evil returns. Thirty years later, in 1997, Dr. Evil returns with new plans for world domination, and discovers his henchman Number 2 has transformed Evil\'s empire into Virtucon, a multi-billion dollar enterprise. Though already wealthy, Dr. Evil proposes several plans to threaten the world for more money. However, he finds that each of them have already happened during his absence. He ultimately falls back on his old plan to steal nuclear weapons and hold the world hostage, and is advised to seek one hundred billion dollars. Later, he also discovers that henchwoman Frau Farbissina has used a sample of Evil\'s semen to artificially create his son, Scott Evil, now a Generation Y teenager. Scott is resentful of his father, despite Dr. Evil\'s attempts to get closer to him through therapy. Having learned of Dr. Evil\'s return, the British Ministry of Defence unfreezes Powers, acclimating him to the year 1997 with the help of agent Vanessa Kensington, the daughter of his sidekick in the 1960s, Mrs. Kensington. Powers quickly finds his free love credo of the 1960s to be out of touch with the 1990s, and is unable to ensnare Vanessa with his charms. Later, the two pose as a married couple in a Las Vegas hotel and meet No. 2\'s Italian secretary, Alotta Fagina. Powers breaks into her penthouse suite for reconnaissance and fornicates with her. He discovers plans for Dr. Evil\'s "Project Vulcan", which aims to drill a nuclear warhead into the Earth\'s molten core and trigger volcanic eruptions worldwide. Dr. Evil, learning that Powers is back and on his trail, creates a series of seductive female robots (called [[Fembots  to charm Powers before killing him. Austin apologizes to Vanessa for the affair with Alotta and vows to only be with her. Later the couple infiltrates Dr. Evil\'s headquarters but are captured by his henchman, Random Task. After Dr. Evil makes his demands to the world, he reveals that even after receiving the money he will still proceed with Project Vulcan. He then places Powers and Vanessa in a death trap that they easily escape from. Powers sends Vanessa for help, while he eludes and destroys the fembots by performing a striptease which arouses them so much that their heads explode. Vanessa returns with British forces. Powers finds the doomsday device and deactivates it at the last moment. He finds Dr. Evil in the main chamber along with Alotta Fagina who is holding Vanessa hostage, but Number 2 appears and attempts to betray Dr. Evil, offering to make a deal with Powers. Dr. Evil disposes of Number 2 using the trap door leading to lava  and escapes to his rocket, setting off the base\'s self-destruct system. Vanessa knocks Alotta unconscious and escapes with Powers as the lair explodes. Powers and Vanessa are later married, but during their honeymoon they are attacked by Random Task. Powers subdues the assassin and the couple adjourns to their balcony to have wild sex. Noticing a rather bright star, Powers pulls out a telescope to discover that it is in fact Dr. Evil\'s cryogenic chamber in which he vows revenge.'] ['Dr. Phibes awakens in 1928, three years after the events of the previous movie. His primary goal is the awakening of his dead wife, Victoria. He finds that his house has been demolished, and that the papyrus scrolls he needs to find the Pharaoh\'s tomb, where the River of Life flows, have been stolen. With the source of the papyrus theft identified, he and his assistant, Vulnavia, leave for Egypt. Vulnavia\'s face displays no effects from the acid shower she received at the end of the previous film, although she is played by a different actress, Australian model Valli Kemp. The thieves die off as Inspectors Trout and Waverly chase Phibes across the world. The theiving party is led by the several-hundred-years-old Biederbeck , who wants to find the River of Life in order that he and his lover Diana  can live forever. Phibes\' murders now have an Egyptian theme; one character is sand-blasted to death, another is stung to death by scorpions. At the climax, Beiderbeck sacrifices his life in order to save Diana. The film ends as Phibes rafts down the River of Life with Victoria, while singing "Over the Rainbow". It is left ambiguous whether Victoria is resurrected.'] ['In his remote jungle hideout, the evil Fu Manchu has discovered a deadly poison in a "lost city" in the Amazonian jungle that affects only men. Women can become carriers of the "kiss of death" by being bitten by venomous snakes. The poison causes blindness, followed six weeks later by death. Using mind control, he aims the women at Nayland Smith and others to prevent them from interfering with his plan to prepare millions of "doses" and spread them around the world\'s major cities in a plot to control the world.'] ['{{Tone}} Diabolik starts off by stealing $10 million which was under escort. Under a smoke screen, Diabolik winches the money car away and escapes in a speed boat, then in his car, closely followed by a helicopter shooting at him . Diabolik changes cars in a tunnel and his black one goes off the edge of a cliff. He drives off with Eva when the helicopter leaves. In their high-tech underground hideout , they shower . The couple do some smooching on a revolving bed covered in stolen money. The Minister of the Interior holds a sombre press conference which is disrupted by wild laughter by all thanks to some exhilarating gas Diabolik has released there. In desperation, the death penalty  is brought back in. The police cannot find Diabolik but big time crook, Valmont suffers at their hands because of a clampdown due to Diabolik\'s actions. A club is raided by the police. Valmont on his bimbo-laden yacht has had enough and berates his men who have failed him. Realising things can only get worse because of Diabolik stirring the police up, Valmont contacts Ginko and makes a bargain, to catch Diabolik alive for the police. On his plane, Valmont tells his men of his plan and all who disagree with him are killed. Back at his hideout, Diabolik decides to steal the famous Aksand emerald necklace for Eva\'s birthday from the Saint Just Castle. Meanwhile Valmont builds up an identikit picture of Eva and circulates it as a means of capturing Diabolik. Diabolik changes his normal black skin tight costume for a white skin tight costume so he can climb the white tower wall unnoticed . The police are waiting, knowing he will go after the necklace. He gets it despite police surveillance of the room and they go after him, shooting at a figure catapulted off of the roof, believing it to be him escaping. It is a dummy. A police car chasing him goes off a cliff and explodes, trying to avoid an oncoming car in a mirror Diabolik has set up. Later, Eva is spotted in a garage with her white car. It is dry weather but when a man looks at her in his rear view mirror, it is raining and has been for some time. Valmont is informed and Eva is traced to a clinic and captured. She is used to lure Diabolik aboard Valmont\'s plane, along with the ten million dollars he has stolen and the eleven emeralds from the necklace as payment for Eva. Diabolik is made to jump where the police are waiting below for him, but takes Valmont with him. The plane behind them blows up  and he rescues Eva as the police close in. He makes her escape, kills Valmont and trapped, takes a golden capsule, and the police find him dead. Later while the police are holding a conference on the death of Diabolik, he is about to be autopsied when he returns to life. It is thanks to a technique he has learned from Tibetan lamas but if he does not get the antidote within 12 hours, he becomes dead for real. The nurse, Eva, wheels Diabolik past the crowds and then Diabolik goes to the morgue in disguise, where Valmont\'s body has been cremated and collects the 11 emeralds he fired into his body, from his ashes. He escapes just ahead of Ginko who has just realised what the 11 bullet wounds in Valmont meant. A million dollar reward is offered for Diabolik who goes to war against the government by blowing up all the tax offices and destroying all their records. The country  is in deep trouble without tax revenue so decides to sell off some gold to buy hard currency. The 20 tons of gold is melted into one solid block to make it "impossible" to steal, put into a steel casket and loaded on a train. Diabolik and Eva reroute the train by dropping a  truck on the tracks so it has to take a bridge over a wide river. There is an explosion and the train and gold falls into the water where Diabolik and Eva inflate balloons underwater and tow it away to their hideout. However, they did not know that part of the steel casket has been irradiated allowing the police to trace it and they close in on Diabolik who is wearing a heat proof suit as he is melting the gold, to put it into ingots. Shot at by many police guns, Diabolik is unable to control the heating of the gold and it runs out of control. There is an explosion and Diabolik and the cavern are covered in molten gold. Again, Diabolik is believed to be dead, with his heat proof suit now covered in hardened gold. The police seal off the place to recover it later and Eva is allowed to pay her respects to the dead Diabolik, who when Ginko is not looking winks at her. Eva leaves with Ginko and the cavern lights are turned off, then is the laughter of Diabolik is heard, with him apparently having a way to escape to strike again.'] ['The film begins in medias res with Dalton Russell  narrating his plight in the confines of an undisclosed cell, musing about the difference between a cell and a prison. Shortly afterwards, he begins in narration to describe the "perfect" plan for a bank robbery.Inside Man  - Memorable quotes The robbery begins in flashback as robbers, dressed as painters and utilizing aliases under variants of the name "Steve," enter a bank, disable the security cameras, and seize control. All customers and bank employees are herded into the basement, where they are forced to surrender their keys and cell phones and change into painter uniforms and face masks identical to the robbers\'. The hostages are locked into several rooms; periodically the robbers rotate them and sometimes place themselves in among the hostages at various points. Meanwhile, the police surround the bank. Detectives Keith Frazier  and Bill Mitchell  introduce themselves to Captain Darius  and briefly discuss the situation. Russell demands that the police provide food, and they provide pizzas with electronic bugs in the boxes. They overhear conversations in a foreign language and eventually identify it as Albanian. They discover, however, that the conversations are in fact propaganda recordings of deceased Albanian communist leader Enver Hoxha, implying that the robbers knew or guessed at the attempted surveillance. After being informed of the robbery in progress, Arthur Case , chairman of the board of directors and founder of the bank, hires "fixer" Madeleine White  to try to arrange for the contents of his safe deposit box at the bank to remain secret. White meets with the mayor, then manipulates Frazier to let her talk with Russell. Mentioning the special interests she wants to protect, she persuades Russell to let her enter the bank to talk. When White requests access to the safe deposit box, Russell shows her a document bearing a swastika symbol, suggesting that Case received money, enough to fund his bank, from the Nazis during World War II for unspecified services that resulted in Jewish deaths. Russell reveals his motivation, saying, "Fact is, all lies, all evil deeds, they stink. You can cover them up for a while, but they don\'t go away." After assuring Russell that Case will make him a very wealthy man if he destroys or covers up this document, White leaves. Attempting a bluff, Frazier informs Russell that the plane he demanded is ready but he needs to confirm that all the hostages are safe before permitting them to leave. Russell allows him to enter the bank, and escorts Frazier around the building. As they check the hostages, they discuss the situation, and also Frazier\'s desire to propose to his girlfriend, something which Russell suggests he should do regardless of finances. Upon exiting the bank, Frazier attempts to overpower Russell, but another robber comes to Russell\'s aid. Russell lets Frazier leave unharmed with seemingly no repercussion for his attack. Frazier tells his colleagues that he intentionally tried to provoke Russell, but as Russell failed to harm him, he believes Russell is not a killer. Soon after, the robbers call and direct the police to point their cameras to a specific second-floor window where a hostage is executed. An enraged Frazier confronts Russell again, demanding to know the robbers\' true intentions. Russell simply replies that Frazier is, "too damn smart to be a cop". The execution incident prompts the ESU team into action, and they plan to raid the building, using rubber bullets to knock everyone out. Frazier, however, discovers that the drawer Russell sent out that contained the robbers written demands also hid a radio transmitter. He tries to order Captain Darius to cancel the impending attack, but Darius ignores him. Inside the bank, Russell overheard the conversation between Darius and Frazier and is alarmed that the police plan to move in. The robbers detonate smoke bombs throughout the bank and release the hostages, resulting in a horde of identically dressed people exiting through the smoke in mass confusion. The police detain and interrogate everyone. However, the police are unable to distinguish the robbers from among the hostages. The police search fails to turn up Russell, but reveals the hostage execution was faked and the robbers\' weapons turn out to be plastic toy replicas. As nothing appears to have been stolen, Frazier\'s superior orders him to bury the case, commenting "What do you expect me to say?". Frazier, however, searches the bank\'s records and finds that safe deposit box #392 has never appeared on any records since the bank\'s founding in 1948. He obtains a search warrant to open it. He is then confronted by White, who informs him of Case\'s Nazi dealings. She attempts to persuade Frazier to drop his investigation, reminding him that she has held up her end of their deal . He refuses, pointing out that he never agreed to such a deal, and plays back their earlier conversation from a secret audio recording pen, ensuring he is protected. White confronts Case about his Nazi connections, and he confesses everything to her. She correctly surmises that the safe deposit box must have contained diamonds and that these were the robbers\' true objective; Case then specifies a Cartier diamond ring, belonging to a Jewish friend whom he betrayed to the Nazis in exchange for money. Case is remorseful over his past, and had since engaged in international philanthropy to try to assuage his guilt. Russell\'s opening monologue is then repeated, but with the revelation that Russell is in fact hiding behind a fake wall erected inside the bank\'s supply room, thus revealing him as the titular "Inside Man", for he has been inside the bank all along. He emerges a week after the incident, with the contents of Case\'s safe deposit box  in his backpack. As he exits the bank, he deliberately bumps into Detective Frazier, who does not recognize him. Russell\'s associates meet him in an SUV outside the bank. Asked about the missing ring, Russell assures them he has left it "in good hands." Frazier opens the safe deposit box and finds Russell\'s gum wrapper, along with the Cartier ring and a scrawled message: "Follow the ring." Frazier confronts Case, informing him of his intention to investigate the ring. He confronts White and the Mayor, telling her that the ring was linked to Case\'s sordid past. He offers White the pen with the recording and gives her a card for the Office of War Crimes Issues at the U.S. State Department to request they investigate the situation. After his final encounter with White, Frazier goes home and finds a loose multi-carat diamond in his pocket, realizing it must have been slipped to him by the man he bumped into in the bank, and that man must have been Russell. As the movie ends, it is implied that Frazier will use the diamond to propose to his girlfriend.'] 