["Wally Sparks  is the host of a sleazy tabloid-style TV talk show who makes Jerry Springer seem gentle by comparison. His show has become so foul that he's alienated his not-especially-discriminating viewers, and his ratings are taking a nosedive. Lenny Spencer , head of the network carrying his show, gives Wally an ultimatum—he has a week to clean up the content and boost his ratings, or his show gets cancelled. Wally's producer Sandy Gallo  comes up with an idea—Floyd Preston  is the governor of Georgia and a staunch conservative known for his attacks on the lowbrow content of Wally's show, so what better way to demonstrate that Wally is trying to change his ways than having Preston on as a guest? In order to persuade Preston to appear, Wally attends a reception at the Governor's mansion, where he makes the mistake of getting in a drunken game of strip poker with Preston's wife Emily  while somehow involving himself in a plot to blackmail the Governor. And the complications keep coming when Wally's son, Dean, begins a romantic relationship with the Governor's daughter."] ['On the morning after his re-election, US President Joseph Staton  decides to read the newspaper for the first time in four years. This starts him down a slippery slope. He begins reading obsessively, reexamining his "black-and-white" view of the world in a more "gray-seeming" way, and holing up in his bedroom in his pajamas. Frightened by the President\'s apparent nervous breakdown, his Chief of Staff  pushes him back into the spotlight, booking him as a guest judge on the television ratings juggernaut , the weekly talent show American Dreamz, a show similar in format to the modern-day American Idol. America cannot seem to get enough of American Dreamz, hosted by self-aggrandizing, self-loathing Martin Tweed , ever on the lookout for the next insta-celebrity. His latest crop of hopefuls includes Sally Kendoo , a conniving steel magnolia with a devoted, dopey veteran boyfriend William Williams ([[Chris Klein , and Omer Obeidi . Because Omer\'s mother died in the Middle East in an American attack, he joined a group of jihadists. He was an actor in an instruction film for terrorists, but he was too clumsy, and his interest in Western music was frowned upon. Therefore he was sent to the U.S. to await further instructions, but the leaders expected they could not use him. He moved to Southern California to live with his extended family there, including his effeminate cousin Iqbal  and Shazzy . Iqbal hoped to be selected to participate in American Dreamz, but in a misunderstanding Omer was selected instead. Iqbal becomes his manager. Omer\'s terrorist organization now sees an opportunity: Omer is instructed to make it to the finale, and kill the President in a suicide attack. He succeeds in getting to the finale. Security is bypassed by assembling the bomb after the security check, in the toilet, from small parts smuggled in. Small pieces of explosive are disguised as chewing gum. Omer agrees, but changes his mind and disposes of the bomb in the trash can. Sally is the other finalist. Earlier she dumped William. He went into the army, was wounded in Iraq, and came back to the U.S. For the purpose of the show, Sally pretends she still loves William. However, he sees Sally having sex with Martin, and is furious. After he finds the bomb in the trash can, he comes on stage and threatens to detonate it. While the other people evacuate, William starts singing and Martin, who refuses to let go of the camera, films it. As William reaches the end of the song, he detonates the bomb by walking into the camera, killing both himself and Martin. The film then cuts to shots of people dialing up their cell phones to vote in for the winner. It is eventually revealed that William Williams is the surprise winner of American Dreamz. The end of the film reveals what each of the characters went on to do after the end of last season. Omer went on to become a successful star of his own Broadway revue. At the end of the film he appears in a scene from the musical Grease. The President makes his wife his new Chief of Staff. And Sally Kendoo becomes the new host of American Dreamz.'] ["National Lampoon's TV: The Movie is a channel-surfing adventure through television programs and commercials. The film features parodies of many television shows, such as Fear Factor, Cops, MTV Cribs, The Six Million Dollar Man and Miami Vice. A series of over fifty sketches makes up the movie: cartoons, reality shows, fake movie trailers, fake TV show trailers, and computer animation."] ['The film tells the story of a director who is drawn into a television set while watching one of his films. Like the television version, the action is cut at 11-minute intervals by commercials. Gradually, the cast begins incorporating the commercials into their own lines, entirely changing the original concept of the film.'] ["A failed window dresser named Nikki  overhears of a mysterious Ratboy named Eugene  while dumpster diving at a dump. After finding and befriending him, Nikki makes several attempts at exploiting his uniqueness to the public. At the same time, Eugene wishes to avoid public attention. There is never any explanation for Ratboy's existence as a human/rat hybrid."] ['In the near future, violence has become something of a national sport and television news has fallen to tabloid depths. Patrick Hale , a globe-trotting reporter with access to a staggering array of world leaders, has ventured to the Arab country of Hegreb to interview his old acquaintance, King Ibn Awad . Awad has learned that the President of the United States  may have issued orders for his removal; as a result, Awad is apparently making arrangements to deliver two suitcase nukes to a terrorist, with the intention of detonating them in Israel and the United States, unless the President resigns. In the intricate plot that unfolds, nothing is quite the way it seems, and Hale finds himself caught between political leaders, revolutionaries, CIA agents and other figures, trying to get to the bottom of it all.'] ['EDtv starts off with the television channel True TV commencing interviews for a TV show that shows a normal person\'s life 24/7. This idea was thought up by a TV producer named Cynthia . They interview Ed Pekurny  and his brother, Ray . When the producers see the interview Cynthia decides to use Ed and interviews only Ed. So now they start airing the show, which they call Ed TV. The show is a total failure at first, as only boring things happen and the main producers want to pull the plug, except for Cynthia. However, Ed TV suddenly gets interesting on Day 3 when Ed visits Ray. Ed  discovers that Ray is cheating on his girlfriend Shari . Ed then visits Shari to apologize to her for Ray\'s actions. Shari is very drunk and starts insulting Ray, by talking to the camera. She makes everyone laugh and gasp by saying "Ray was a bad lay." Ed tries to comfort Shari, and he reveals he has feelings for her. She then reveals she has feelings for Ed as well. They slowly move their faces closer and finally kiss each other. Ed then locks out the camera crew and proceeds to passionately kiss Shari for a while. Ed TV suddenly becomes extremely popular. Ed then goes on The Tonight Show with Jay Leno and meets beautiful model/actress Jill  who takes a liking to Ed. Ed then visits Shari and she tells Ed that she does not want to be with him until the Show stops airing. She then leaves town. Ed goes to the park with Ray and some friends to play football when Jill comes to talk to him, because Cynthia brought her in to earn more ratings. She invites Ed to dinner at her house. When he arrives at Jill\'s house, there is a massive crowd. They have a small talk, and then they kiss on top of a table. They are about to have sex, but then Ed falls off the table and squishes Jill\'s cat. Ed never sees Jill again. Ed\'s father , who abandoned his family when Ed was 13, unexpectedly visits Ed and informs him that he left because Ed\'s mother was having an affair with Ed\'s current stepfather, Al . Ed is furious with his mother and argues with her. Next, Ed gets a phone call telling him to come to the hospital. The doctor says that his father is dead and that he died making love to his wife. Ed thinks this means Al, but it actually is his real father and that Ed\'s mother was cheating on Al. After the funeral, Ed becomes disheartened by the fact that the producers want him to stay on longer and that he cannot do anything to change their minds or he would be in breach of his contract. Ed is depressed until he catches a glimpse of Shari . He chases her for a long time until she stops in the women\'s bathroom in a movie theater. She says she is staying with her brother as it is his birthday and she just wanted to see Ed. But she does not want to be with him until the show stops. When Ed exits, one camera man stays with Shari saying that it is the producers\' new idea. The main camera man tells him that all his family are being filmed, but they show the most interesting person. Ed gets an idea on how to stop the main producer from showing the show: he says that he will give $10,000 to the person who can give him the best amount of "dirt" on the producers and that he will announce it live, with the desired result being they stop airing the show before he can make the announcement. As Cynthia feels sorry for Ed, she tells him a secret of the main producer. Ed announces the secret  but before he can announce who it is they stop airing the show.'] ['After losing their jobs as security guards, best friends Ivan  and Josh  start a music video production company called "Video Aces". When they meet their childhood heroes, \'70s soul duo The Swanky Modes , Ivan and Josh concoct a scheme to give them a new audience by hijacking a Menudo concert, getting them to perform in Menudo\'s place, and broadcasting it live across the country on a TV satellite hook-up. The movie also features a fake ad spot for a real Los Angeles restaurant, Roscoe\'s House of Chicken \'n Waffles. People who make appearances in the film include: Mary Crosby, of the nighttime soap opera Dallas; character actors Clu Gulager and Doug McClure; footballer Lyle Alzado; \'60s icon Connie Stevens; Soul Train host Don Cornelius; singer Courtney Love; original "Human Beat-Box" Doug E. Fresh; ska-punk band Fishbone  as "Ranchbone"; Lords of the New Church singer Stiv Bators; Ted Nugent; Weird Al Yankovic; and Dead Kennedys singer Jello Biafra, in a cameo as an F.B.I. agent.'] ['Celeste Talbert, the longtime star of the popular daytime drama The Sun Also Sets, is targeted by costar Montana Moorehead; Montana connives to supplant Celeste as the show\'s star by promising sexual favors to its producer, David Seton Barnes. To make the audience hate Celeste\'s character, Montana and David come up with a last-minute plot change in which she will accidentally kill a young, destitute deaf-mute, played by the newly-cast Lori Craven. Despite the strong objections of Head Writer Rose Schwartz and Celeste herself, the scene plays out, but is interrupted by Celeste\'s recognition of Lori as her real-life niece. Network honcho Edmund Edwards sees potential in the relationship and makes Lori a regular cast member, as Celeste tries to talk her niece out of an acting career. Montana and David seek to further unnerve Celeste by bringing back Jeffrey Anderson, an actor who had been fired from The Sun Also Sets  decades before after his romantic relationship with Celeste had gone sour. Bitter at being reduced to performing dinner theater for uninterested seniors in Florida, Jeffrey relishes the chance to needle Celeste. Outwardly despising Jeffrey but perhaps still harboring some feelings for him, Celeste is horrified as he and the much-younger Lori develop a close friendship. In dramatic fashion, Celeste stops a scripted onscreen kiss between Lori and Jeffrey by revealing that Lori is actually her daughter by Jeffrey. On camera, Celeste explains that she had been responsible for getting Jeffrey fired because of the pregnancy, and had passed Lori off as her niece due to pressure from the network. Despite renewed interest in the show and Lori\'s burst of sudden fame due to this "storyline," all three actors, furious with each other, demand "They go or I go!" A decision is made by the network, and the actors head into a live episode in which they will read their lines from a teleprompter to keep secret until the last minute who will be written off. It is revealed that Lori\'s character has "brain fever" and will die; still hoping to be rid of Celeste, Montana ad-libs and suggests that a brain transplant can save her. In character, Celeste immediately plays along, offering her own brain for the operation. Touched by the sacrifice, Lori asks Celeste not to leave the show, and softens to her newfound parents. Montana is publicly ruined by Rose who, with the help of vengeful Ariel Maloney, reveals the secret that Montana was once a man named Milton Moorehead. David is horrified. Later, Celeste, Jeffrey, and Lori win soap opera awards as Milton performs dinner theater at Jeffrey\'s former venue.'] ['Bobby Taylor ([[Robert Townsend  is a middle class black male aspiring to become an actor. He practices his lines in the bathroom, with his younger brother Stevie  watching as he plays a stereotypical “jive” character for the audition for "Jivetime Jimmy\'s Revenge", a movie about street gangs. Bobby\'s grandmother  overhears the “jive talk” and shows her disapproval. His mother , is more supportive, telling Bobby that he is going to be late for the audition. Bobby assures his mother that if he lands the part, everything will change. As Bobby is about to leave the house, he finds his grandmother on the couch. Playing on television is a commercial for the sitcom There\'s a Bat in My House, which poses the question “Can a black bat from Detroit find happiness with a white suburban family?” His grandmother wishes him luck, but still shows visible concern for the nature of the role. On his way to the audition, he stops by his uncle Ray\'s  barbershop where Ray shows him support by telling him to “do it.” He then stops by his workplace at the Winky Dinky Dog hot dog stand where he finds his co-workers Tiny  and Donald , who berate him, as usual. He asks to see his boss, Mr. Jones , and lies about a toothache to go to the audition. On his last stop before his audition, he goes to his girlfriend\'s  workplace at a salon where she gives him a scarf for good luck. Finally, he arrives at TinselTown Studios where he finds other aspiring black actors trying out for various roles in the film. There he meets another actor that comments on the degrading nature of roles offered to African Americans who only get to play slaves, butlers, or street hoods. He tells Bobby that only an "Uncle Tom" would take this role. The actor is clearly trying to stymie Bobby\'s chances, nevertheless it makes him think. This prompts the first of Bobby\'s many fantasies. This fantasy involves an escape of black slaves. A butler, played by Bobby, doing a Stepin Fetchit impression, makes an appearance and questions why the slaves are leaving when they are being treated well by their master. This segment is then revealed to be a TV promotion for “Black Acting School”, where aspiring, dark-skinned black actors can learn how to “talk jive” and “walk black” so that they can get roles such as pimps, muggers, and street punks. After the audition, Bobby talks with Mr. Jones, who questions Bobby\'s dedication to Winky Dinky Dog. A limo then pulls up and the man inside is revealed to be B.B. Sanders , who plays Batty Boy in There\'s a Bat in My House. Ecstatic, Bobby asks Sanders how to tell a good part. Sanders tells him that if his character does not die in the script, then it\'s good part. Sanders also says that it is not about art, it is about the sequel. On the basketball court, Bobby is talking to his friends about acting and Bobby expresses his concern about critical reception. One of his friends states that critics do not know anything and that there should be “real brothers” critiquing movies. The leads in to another one of Bobby\'s fantasies, this one revolving around a film review television show called “Sneakin\' in the Movies.” , involving two ghetto teenagers. They review four movies: Amadeus meets Salieri, Chicago Jones and the Temple of Doom, Dirty Larry, and Attack of the Street Pimps. After this vignette, Bobby is at home when he gets a call from his agent and learns that his audition went well, but they wanted an “Eddie Murphy-type". Regardless, Bobby gets a callback. That night, he has a nightmare in which the director , writer , and casting director  hound him to be Eddie Murphy. Waiting in line with a group of Eddie Murphy clones, Bobby starts turning into Eddie Murphy himself until he wakes up in shock. The next day, Bobby\'s co-workers, Donald and Tiny, belittle Bobby\'s career as an actor and his constant excuses for missing work, telling him that he will never make it as an actor. After another vignette involving Bobby, now a famous Hollywood star, returning to Winky Dinky Dog years later to find it nearly ruined, Bobby quits his job. Later that night, Bobby visits his uncle at the barbershop and expresses his doubts in pursuing his acting career. Ray encourages Bobby to try to follow his dreams. During his callback, the director, writer, and casting director are thrilled at Bobby\'s performance, calling it “very black” and give him the titular lead role. At home, Bobby celebrates getting the part with his girlfriend Lydia, when his grandmother comes home early and the three watch a film noir. Bobby has another fantasy of him playing the lead in his own film noir, called Death of a Breakdancer. During his morning routine before his first day on the set of Jivetime Jimmy\'s Revenge, he finds his little brother\'s homework assignment expressing his admiration of Bobby and his job as an actor. Bobby\'s mother and grandmother talk about Bobby\'s acting gig, with his grandmother disapproving of his career and stressing that he should get his life together and get a job at the post office. She does not like the fact that he is portraying a street hustler and putting out a negative image of African Americans. Bobby then has a vision of his little brother dressed in a pimp outfit. On the set, Bobby runs into his rival at the audition who congratulates Bobby for getting the part of Jimmy. The rival tells Bobby that he\'s heard that the movie is going to be picketed by the NAACP, causing Bobby to have a vision of picketers calling Bobby an “Uncle Tom” and a “coon.” His little brother and his grandmother disown him. The vision ends when Lydia, the picketers, and news reporters take out guns and chant “Kill him!” Lydia, his brother, and his grandmother arrive to watch the fim shoot. As he plays his “jive” character Jimmy, he looks over at his brother who is clearly affected by the derogatory role and is unable to finish the scene. The director encourages Bobby to “be more black.” Bobby tries again, but is still unable to complete the scene when he looks over at his brother. Unable to continue playing this degrading part, Bobby decides to quit. His rival immediately volunteers for the role. That night, Bobby dreams of the roles that he wants to play, from a Shakespearean king, to a black superhero, to Rambro. His final dream is that of him winning his fifth Oscar. In the final moments of the film, Bobby is shown filming a TV commercial, acting as a spokesperson for the post office. He tells us, the audience, that "if you can\'t take pride in your job, remember that there\'s always work at the post office." which he says with a wink.'] [' Walter Burns  is a hard-boiled editor for The Morning Post who learns his ex-wife and former star reporter, Hildegard "Hildy" Johnson , is about to marry bland insurance man Bruce Baldwin  and settle down to a quiet life as a wife and mother in Albany, New York. Walter determines to sabotage these plans, enticing the reluctant Hildy to cover one last story, the upcoming execution of convicted murderer Earl Williams . Walter does everything he can to keep Hildy from leaving, including setting Bruce up so he gets arrested over and over again on trumped-up charges. He even kidnaps Hildy\'s stern mother-in-law-to-be . When Williams escapes from the bumbling sheriff  and practically falls into Hildy\'s lap, the lure of a big scoop proves too much for her. She is so consumed with writing the story that she hardly notices as Bruce realizes his cause is hopeless and returns to Albany. The crooked mayor  and sheriff need the publicity from the execution to keep their jobs in an upcoming election, so when a messenger  brings them a reprieve from the governor, they try to bribe the man to go away and return later, when it will be too late. Walter and Hildy find out just in time to save Walter from being arrested for kidnapping. Afterward, Walter offers to remarry Hildy, promising to take her on the honeymoon they never had in Niagara Falls, but then Walter learns that there is a newsworthy strike in Albany, which is on the way to Niagara Falls by train.'] ['It focused on a black television producer , who works for a major network, and the troubles she faces in her environment, mainly painting a positive portrayal of African-Americans in the media.'] ['Truman Burbank  lived his entire life, since before birth, in front of cameras for The Truman Show, although he is unaware of this fact. Truman\'s life is filmed through thousands of hidden cameras, 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, and broadcast live around the world, allowing executive producer Christof  to capture Truman\'s real emotion and human behavior when put in certain situations. Truman\'s hometown of Seahaven is a complete set built under a giant arcological dome, populated by the show\'s actors and crew, allowing Christof to control every aspect of Truman\'s life, even the weather. To prevent Truman from discovering his false reality, Christof has invented means of dissuading his sense of exploration, including "killing" his father in a storm while on a fishing trip to instill in him a fear of the water, and making many news reports and \'adverts\' about the dangers of travelling, and featuring television shows about how good it is to stay at home. However, despite Christof\'s control, Truman has managed to behave in unexpected manners, in particular falling in love with an extra, Sylvia , instead of Meryl, the character intended to be his wife. Though Sylvia is removed from the set quickly, her memory still resonates with him, and he \'secretly\' thinks of her outside of his marriage to Meryl. Sylvia shortly afterwards becomes part of a "Free Truman" campaign that fights to have Truman freed from the show. During the 30th year of "The Truman Show", Truman begins to notice certain aspects of his near-perfect world that seem out of place, such as a falling spotlight from the artificial night sky constellations that nearly hits him  and Truman\'s car radio accidentally picking up conversation between the show\'s crew. As well as these strange one-off occurrences, Truman also becomes aware of more subtle abnormalities within his regular day-to-day life, such as the way in which the same people appear in the same places at certain times each day and Meryl\'s tendency to blatantly advertise the various products she buys. These events are punctuated by the reappearance of Truman\'s supposedly "dead" father onto the set, at first dressed as a hobo. The old man is suddenly whisked away as soon as Truman notices him. Despite the best efforts of his family and his best friend Marlon to reassure him , all these events cause Truman to start wondering about his life, realizing how the world seems to revolve around him. Meryl grows increasingly stressed by the pressure of perpetuating the deception, and their marriage unravels in the face of Truman\'s increasing skepticism and attendant hostility towards her. Truman seeks to get away from Seahaven but is blocked by the inability to arrange for flights, bus breakdowns, sudden masses of traffic, a forest fire, and an apparent nuclear meltdown. After Meryl breaks down and is taken off the show, Christof officially brings back Truman\'s father, hoping his presence will keep Truman from trying to leave. However, he only provides a temporary respite: Truman soon becomes isolated and begins staying alone in his basement after Meryl "leaves" him. One night, Truman manages to fool the cameras and escapes the basement undetected via a secret tunnel, forcing Christof to temporarily suspend broadcasting of the show for the first time in its history. This causes a surge in viewership, with many viewers, including Sylvia, cheering on Truman\'s escape attempt. Christof orders every actor and crew member to search the town, even breaking the town\'s daylight cycle to help in the search. They find that Truman has managed to overcome his fear of the water and has been sailing away from the town in a small boat named Santa Maria . After restoring the broadcast, Christof orders the show\'s crew to create a large storm to try to capsize the boat, prompting a heated debate with his superiors over the morality and legality of killing Truman off in front of a live global audience. However, Truman\'s determination eventually leads Christof to terminate the storm. As Truman recovers, the boat reaches the edge of the dome, its bow piercing through the dome\'s painted sky. An awe-struck Truman then discovers a flight of stairs nearby, leading to a door marked "EXIT". As he contemplates leaving his world, Christof speaks directly to Truman via a powerful sound system, trying to persuade him to stay and arguing that there is no more truth in the real world than there is in his own, artificial world. Truman, after a moment\'s thought, delivers his catchphrase, "In case I don\'t see you... good afternoon, good evening, and good night," bows to his audience, and steps through the door and into the real world. The assembled television viewers excitedly celebrate Truman\'s escape, and Sylvia quickly leaves her apartment to reunite with him. A network executive orders the crew to cease transmission. With the show completed, members of Truman\'s former audience are shown looking for something else to watch.'] ['Joseph W. Randall , the city editor of a tabloid newspaper, reluctantly agrees when publisher Bernard Hinchecliffe  plans to boost circulation with a restrospective series on a 20-year-old murder and scandal, involving a secretary, Nancy Voorhees , who shot the man who got her pregnant and then refused to marry her. Nancy is now married to Michael Townsend , an upstanding member of society, and has a daughter, Jenny , about to marry the son of a socially prominent family, Philip Weeks . She reacts with horror at the renewed interest in the scandal she had put behind her. To dig up dirt about Nancy, Randall assigns an unscrupulous reporter, "Reverend" T. Vernon Isopod , who wears a clerical collar as a device to win the confidence of the bride\'s parents on the eve of the wedding. They confess to him their concerns that Nancy\'s past will come out, and he uses their information to write a story that Randall prints. Nancy tries get Randall to back away from the story, but when he refuses she kills herself, as does her husband shortly afterwards. Phillip\'s parents pressure him to call off the wedding to Nancy\'s daughter Jenny, but he refuses, and they disinherit him as he stands up to them. An enraged Jenny threatens Randall at gun point, attempting to force him to take responsibility for the deaths of her mother and father, but Philip shows up and calms her down. A guilty Randall denounces Hinchecliffe as a hypocrite and decides to quit the paper, as does his secretary Miss Taylor , who\'s been in love with him for years.TCM Full synopsisAllmovie Plot synopsisStephan, Ed Plot summary'] ['The film is a satire on the modern advertisement business. The plot mainly concerns the story of a commercial advertisement designer, Octave Parango , who has an easy-going, highly paid job, and an active free life mainly consisting of drugs and random one-time sexual relationships. However, he starts growing weary of his job, and after having his first ever long-time relationship with fellow worker Sophie  fail miserably, he organises a revolt against the advertisement business.'] ['Stacy Holt , an associate producer on a daytime talk show , is convinced that her boyfriend Derek  is the right man for her, though he has an apparent phobia of commitment, and he\'s vague about his past relationships. Taking the advice of colleague Barb , she looks at his Palm Tungsten C and its record of the names and numbers of three ex-girlfriends, a French supermodel , a gynecologist  and a cook . She sets up an interview with each woman, in an attempt to learn more about and get closer to Derek. However, Stacy\'s plan suffers a setback when she develops a friendship with one of the women. Stacy is eventually betrayed by Barb, when she, Derek and the ex-girlfriends are brought together on stage for a live broadcast during sweeps season. During the show, Stacy comes to the realization that she is not the right one for Derek and lets him go. On the way out, Barb, clearly out of her mind, tells Stacy that her actions were not premeditated and goes on to call the "event" a masterpiece. With a live camera behind her, Stacy responds with, "I should tear your eyes out right now. But how will you be able to look at yourself in the morning?", which the audience cheers on. Stacy, then, departs from the studio, as the camera stays a humiliated Barb. In the end, Stacy winds up earning her dream job working for Diane Sawyer{{cite news}} and meets her idol, Carly Simon.'] ['{{Plot|dateIntroductionPart IPart IIPart III The story picks up one year later: the homicidal couple have been imprisoned, and are due to be moved to a mental hospital after being declared insane. Scagnetti arrives at the prison and encounters Warden Dwight McClusky , with whom he plans to murder the two criminals. McClusky will arrange for Scagnetti to be the driver for the Knoxes\' transfer. Alone with the pair, Scagnetti will murder them, then claim that they tried to escape. Meanwhile, Gale has persuaded Mickey to agree to a live interview that will air immediately after the Super Bowl. Mallory is held in solitary confinement elsewhere in the prison, awaiting her transport to the mental hospital. During the interview, Mickey gives a speech about how murder provides enlightenment and declares himself a "natural born killer". His words inspire the other inmates  and incite them to riot. McClusky, upon learning of the riot, orders the interview terminated despite Gale\'s vehement protests. Mickey is left alone with Gale, the film crew and several guards. Using a lengthy joke as a diversion, Mickey overpowers a guard and grabs his shotgun. He kills most of the guards with it and takes the survivors hostage, leading them through the prison riot. Gale follows, giving a live television report as people are beaten and killed around him. Scagnetti is in Mallory\'s cell and attempts to seduce her. Mallory rebuffs his efforts, smashing his face against the wall and breaking his nose. The guards and Scagnetti subdue her. Still live on national television, Mickey engages in a Mexican standoff with Scagnetti, eventually feigning a concession. Mallory then approaches Scagnetti from behind and slashes his throat with a shank. To Scagnetti\'s horror, Mickey tells him that he was out of shotgun shells during the standoff. Mallory then picks up Scagnetti\'s gun and kills him. Mickey and Mallory continue to escape through the riot-torn prison, with Gale\'s entire TV crew getting killed. Gale himself snaps and begins to shoot at the guards with a pistol that he has taken from one of the dead guards. After being rescued by a mysterious prisoner named Owen Traft , the trio of Mickey, Mallory, and Gale run into McClusky and a heavily armed posse of guards. The trio takes cover in a blood-splattered shower room. McClusky threatens to storm the shower room; Mickey, in turn, threatens to kill both Gale and a guard on live TV, and the prisoners walk out the front door. McClusky and his guards are quickly massacred by hordes of inmates. Mickey and Mallory steal a van and kill the last guard; Owen\'s fate is unknown. Escaping to a rural location, they give a final interview to Gale before they tell him he must also die. He attempts various arguments to change their minds, finally appealing to their trademark practice of leaving one survivor; Mickey informs him they are leaving a witness to tell the tale – his camera. Gale accepts his fate and extends his arms as if on a cross as they shoot him dead while his unattended camera continues to roll. The couple is shown several years later, in an RV, with Mickey driving and Mallory  watching their two children play.'] ['In 1975 San Diego, Ron Burgundy  is the famous and successful anchorman for KVWN-TV Channel 4 Evening News. He works alongside his friends on the news team: fashion-oriented lead field reporter Brian Fantana , sportscaster Champion "Champ" Kind , and a "legally retarded" chief meteorologist Brick Tamland . The team is notified by their boss, Ed Harken , that their station has maintained its long-held status as the highest-rated news program in San Diego, leading them to throw a wild party. While getting drunk, Ron sees an attractive blond woman and immediately tries to hit on her. After an awkward, failed pick-up attempt, the woman leaves. The next day, Ed informs the team that he has been forced by the network to hire Veronica Corningstone , a female news reporter from Asheville, North Carolina &ndash; and the same woman Ron had tried to pick up the night before. The news team attempts to seduce Veronica using various inept, arrogant and sexist methods, all of which backfire. Ron ends up asking her out under the guise of helping out a new co-worker, which she accepts. During their date, Ron woos Veronica by playing jazz flute in his friend Tino\'s  club. Veronica goes against her policy of not dating co-workers and sleeps with Ron. The next day, despite agreeing with Veronica to keep the relationship discreet, Ron tells the entire news room that he and Veronica are in a sexual relationship . The next day when Ron is on his way to the station, he throws a burrito out his car window, accidentally hitting a motorcyclist  in the head, causing him to crash. In a fit of rage, the biker retaliates by punting Ron\'s dog, Baxter, off a bridge. A distressed and incoherent Ron calls Brian from a pay phone and tells him what happened. Since Ron is now late, Brian frantically tells him to come to the station because Veronica is about to take his place. Despite Ron\'s efforts to arrive early, Veronica goes on air. After Ron arrives, he has an argument with Veronica about the situation and they break up. The next day, Veronica is made co-anchor, much to the entire news team\'s disgust. The co-anchors soon become fierce rivals and argue with each other both on and off the air. One day while feeling down on themselves, the News team decides to buy new suits. However on the way to the suit shop Brick, who was leading the way, gets them lost ending up in a shady part of town. They are then confronted by Wes Mantooth  and the evening news team. Tired of their rudeness and petty anger, Ron challenges them to a fight. All armed with crude weapons the two teams are about to fight when they are joined by Channel 2 news team with lead anchor Frank Vitchard , the public news team and their lead anchor , and the Spanish language news with lead anchor Arturo Mendez . A full on melee ensues between the five teams until they all flee when police sirens are heard. While in a restaurant celebrating Veronica\'s success, one of Veronica\'s co-workers tells her that Ron will read anything that is written on the teleprompter. Later, Veronica sneaks into the station and changes the words in Ron\'s teleprompter. The next day, instead of Ron saying his signature "You stay classy, San Diego!" closure, Ron ends the broadcast with, "Go fuck yourself, San Diego." Everyone in the studio, except Ron, is speechless. An angry mob gathers outside the studio and Ed must fire Ron. Garth is especially hurt and sobs while labeling Ron "a poopmouth". Veronica sees that she has gone too far and attempts to apologize, but Ron angrily dismisses her while being led through the mob by security, yelling at her that she had "reduced him to rubble". Three months later, Ron is unemployed, friendless, hated by the city, and is a slovenly drunk. In this time, Veronica has become very famous, but is hated by her male coworkers for sabotaging Ron; Ed told Champ, Brick, and Brian not to talk to Ron or he will fire them if they do. When it is announced that Ling-Wong the panda is about to give birth, all San Diego news teams head to the zoo to cover the story. In an attempt to sabotage her, the public news anchor pushes Veronica into a Kodiak bear enclosure. When Ed cannot find Veronica, he calls the bar where Ron spends most of his time and reluctantly asks him to return. Ron then summons the rest of his team by blowing the "News Horn", despite the fact that they were all standing a foot away playing pool. Baxter, who has miraculously survived, hears this call and follows the voice to find Ron. Once at the zoo, Ron jumps into the bear pen to save Veronica, with everyone else at the zoo watching. The Channel 4 news team then jumps in to help Ron. Just as the leader of the bears is about to rip Ron and Veronica apart, Baxter shows up and convinces the bear to let them live by mentioning that he is a friend of the bear\'s cousin, Katow-jo, whom he met in the wild. After Ron and Veronica reconcile, it is shown that in years to come, Brian becomes the host of a Fox reality show named Intercourse Island, Brick is George W. Bush\'s top political adviser, Champ is a commentator for the NFL before he was fired for sexually harassing Terry Bradshaw, and Ron and Veronica are co-anchors for the CNN-esque World News Center, taking over after the narrator retires and it is shown to be some time later as Ron and Veronica are shown wearing 80\'s fashions.'] ['The story revolves around comic book fan Don Swan and his battle against a fictional film studio which is about to announce a film based on his favorite superhero, Commander Courage.'] ['A clean cut drifter ends up in a small town called Brewster. Getting wind of the local public-access television cable TV station, the man decides to host his own show called Our Town which becomes a focal point for town citizens to call in and voice their problems anonymously. However, things start to get ugly and tensions rise for the show, which begins to elevate the man\'s signature catchphrase "What\'s wrong with Brewster?" into an entirely new subject for the people of Brewster, when the town becomes embroiled in a mess its created, driven by a man whose intentions might be far more sinister than he appears to be.{{cite video}}'] ['Described by Godard as "a fantasy for actor, camera and tape recorder", this film is made up several sketches in which certain actors play several real or fictional roles to a background of rock music. The film is divided into three sections which inter-cross throughout. In each, a group of people search for their proper place on earth. In the first, a group of musicians search for the right sound, the ideal harmony. In the second, a man searches for an ideal society and wonders if he is on the wrong planet. In the third, some travellers search for their destination, as Ulysses did in the bygone days. Each group has its own project, but the story is really about projection  as the essence of man\'s adventure on earth. A very beautiful voice presents the film, leads it along, prepares for what follows and gives us the illusion of taking part in the art of creation.'] ['Five new contestants are selected in a seemingly random lottery and, along with the winner of the previous series, comprise the six Contenders. Each series of The Contenders is played in the limits of a chosen city or town. Contenders are given a gun, though they may acquire other weapons, and the last one left alive is the winner. Contestants are forced to play the game, regardless of whether they desire to. A contender who wins three tours of the game is freed from it. The film purposely leaves many key details unexplained, as the viewer is supposed to be watching only what the creators actually aired in the fictional TV show. How the show became so powerful as to randomly select people to be killed is unexplained, but all the Contenders seem to treat it as something they cannot control. Series 7 is set in Newbury, Connecticut which happens to be the hometown of Dawn Lagarto. She is the longest reigning contender the show has ever seen. She has won two tours, and just needs to win one more to be set free. Dawn is eight months pregnant, and hopes to win the game for her baby. The show then hosts a lottery. Contenders are chosen by whichever social security number appears. The five contenders selected are: *Connie Trabucco - 57 years old, single, emergency room nurse. *Jeffrey Norman - 33 years old, married, artist. He is dying of testicular cancer and Dawn\'s former love. *Anthony Reilly - 39 years old, married, unemployed asbestos remover. *Franklin James - 72 years old, retired. *Lindsay Berns - 18 years old, student. Series 7 begins with a recap of the end of Series 6; the opening scene shows the heavily-pregnant Dawn enter a convenience store and fatally shoot a man in a seemingly random act. The show credits then roll, its rules are explained in voice-over narration, and the contenders are introduced. Interview segments interspersed with several of the contenders\' early attempts to attack each other offer insight and background on the contenders. Most unusually, Dawn and Jeffrey already know each other. They were high school sweethearts who broke up after Dawn became pregnant and had an abortion and Jeffrey came to believe he was gay. Jeffrey, now married to a woman, and Dawn meet and the terminally ill Jeffrey agrees to allow Dawn to kill him. Lindsay travels to Franklin\'s trailer home and attacks him. They fire at each other, but neither is killed. Lindsay suffered a bullet wound to her arm. Anthony tries to flee with his young daughter but is badly injured . Connie and Dawn track him to the hospital where Connie kills him by lethal injection. Following Anthony\'s death, the remaining contenders receive notes to meet someone from "The Underground" at a local mall to escape the game. At the mall, security confiscates Franklin\'s gun, but Lindsay is passed after stating she is part of the show. Dawn is near a Wick\'s n\' Stick\'s store, waiting for whoever sent the letter to arrive. A short time later, she spots Lindsay, and so does Franklin. Franklin creeps up behind Lindsay and beats her to death. Franklin is then killed by Connie, the mastermind behind the notes. The only contenders left are Dawn, Jeffrey, and Connie. Dawn tracks Connie to her home but goes into labor. Connie reluctantly assists her delivery and Dawn is transported to a local hospital to deliver. She names the baby "Jeffrey" but he is taken from her shortly after birth because of game rules. Contender Jeffrey, despondent when Dawn did not return to kill him as promised, is also in the hospital following a suicide attempt. Connie attempts another lethal injection upon Jeffrey, who now wants to live. He shoots and kills her. Dawn races to Jeffrey\'s room where they realize they are the final two Contenders. They agree to meet at a neutral location for a final showdown. There, they profess their love for each other and turn on the camera crews following them. The series finale traces Dawn and Jeffrey through surveillance footage and viewer tips to a movie theater. There they turn on the camera they seized from the crew and take the theater patrons hostage, demanding the return of Dawn\'s baby. At this point, the narrator advises the show\'s audience that all remaining footage was lost due to a technical error and that the events have been reconstructed as a "dramatic re-enactment." Actors playing Dawn and Jeffrey are shown with an official of the Contenders program. "Jeffrey" agrees again to let "Dawn" kill him but before she can "Doria"  appears and kills "Dawn." A distraught "Jeffrey" then shoots himself. The film closes with a "promo" for the upcoming Series 8, which shows Doria in prison denying that she killed anyone and reveals that Jeffrey has survived and is now the reigning contender.'] [' In lieu of a theme song and opening of the movie, Tashlin instead over laid traditional opening credits to faux television commercials for products that failed to deliver what they promise. From this comedic segue, the film opens on a writer for television advertising, Rockwell P. Hunter , who is low on the ladder at the La Salle agency, the company where he works. With the agency set to lose its biggest account &ndash; Stay-Put Lipstick &ndash; he hatches an idea to get the perfect model and spokesperson for Stay-Put\'s new line of lipstick, the famous actress with the "oh-so-kissable lips", Rita Marlowe . In order for Rita to endorse the lipstick, however, Rock has to pretend to be her boyfriend to make her real boyfriend, Bobo Branigansky , the star of a TV Tarzan show, jealous. Bobo leaks the news of Rita\'s new romance to the tabloids and Rock Hunter is suddenly famous as Marlowe\'s "Lover Doll". Hunter\'s boss decides to leverage his employee\'s new found fame—however when Hunter also gets Marlowe to agree on a television spectacular sponsored by Stay-Put, Hunter becomes the advertising firm\'s highest regarded employee. Marlowe meanwhile is miserable—she thinks she is falling in love with Hunter, but her one real true love is the man who discovered her—George Schmidlap . Not being able to find Schmidlap, she pursues Hunter, even though her Secretary "Vi"  warns her that she is playing a dangerous game. . Hunter soon finds fame to be a double edged sword, getting him what he wants, but with a price to be paid for that success. Women are crazy about him, and he has no peace of mind. Ultimately, he moves up the ladder at work, becoming company president, only to find it is not what he really wanted. Hunter confesses to his angry fiancée Jenny, that he finds himself at the top of the heap without any meaning and she takes him back. As Rita Marlowe opens her television spectacular for Stay-Put Lipstick, she is surprised by the appearance of the show\'s "surprise" guest star of , George Schmidlap. Freed from strain of advertising, Rock and Jenny retire to the country to tend a chicken farm announcing that he has found the real living end.'] ["Ray Santilli, along with his friend Gary Shoefield, go to America to find Elvis memorabilia to sell on the market stall he runs in London. Harvey, a former US Army cameraman, sells them a silent black and white film of Elvis performing live , but later returns with a very intriguing offer. Ray and Harvey go to Miami, Florida to see a film from 1947 showing the autopsy of an alien supposedly killed in a UFO crash in Roswell, New Mexico. Harvey wants $30,000 for the film. Gary and Ray look for an investor to give them the money. A Hungarian art dealer, Laszlo Voros, who is obsessed with crop circles, gives Ray the $30,000 after reassuring Voros that he told the truth. Harvey gets the money and gives the film to Ray and Gary. However, in the interim, the film has eaten itself  and is now completely unwatchable, so the duo decide to fake it in order to remain on the good side of Voros. Based on Ray's memories of the content of the original, and with the help of some friends, plus a very convincing replica of the dead alien made from a mannequin and meat products from a friend's butcher shop, Ray and Gary remake the autopsy film, using a supposed Bell and Howell spring-wound camera that does not record sound, while turning the living room of Gary's sister's home into a movie set in the process. Once finished, Ray gives a copy of the new film to Voros, who believes it with the retro camera pictures being the main cause. But when Voros hears that the film is going on air worldwide, he demands &ndash; very threateningly &ndash; that they take it off, or else. Ray is eventually saved from possible grievous bodily harm when Voros is knocked down and killed by a green Land Rover  whilst standing naked in the middle of a crop circle. A news anchorwoman eventually tracks down Harvey, who demands from Ray and Gary that they help him keep his anonymity. They produce an interview with a homeless person  posing as Harvey, making the anchorwoman believe she is onto the wrong man. The film ends with the now restored original 1947 film, which Ray had left in the hands of film restoration experts in the hope that the footage could somehow be recovered, being returned to them; some sections that were beyond repair having been remade. After watching the film, Ray and Gary bury it, telling each other that they can't go through with it all over again."] ['After a failed marriage proposal to his girlfriend Robin Harris , Steven M. Kovacs  moves into his own apartment after they agree to spend some time apart. Enthusiastic cable guy Ernie "Chip" Douglas , a man with a lisp, installs his cable. Taking advice from his friend Rick , Steven bribes Chip to give him free movie channels, to which Chip agrees. Before he leaves, Chip gets Steven to hang out with him the next day and makes him one of his "preferred customers". As promised, Chip arrives the next day, where he takes Steven to the satellite dish responsible for sending out television. Steven tells his problems with Robin to Chip, who tells him to admit his faults to Robin and invite her over to watch Sleepless in Seattle, which is running on HBO the next night. Steven takes Chip\'s advice, and Robin agrees to watch the movie with him. The next day, Chip begins acting more suspicious, "running into" Steven and his friends at the gym and leaving 10 messages on Steven\'s answering machine. When Robin arrives to watch the movie, the cable is out, thanks to Chip, who intentionally sabotaged Steven\'s cable when he didn\'t call Chip back. Chip fixes the cable under the condition that they hang out again. Steven agrees. The next evening, Chip takes Steven to Medieval Times, where Chip arranges for them to battle in the arena, where Chip references the Star Trek episode "Amok Time". When they arrive at Steven\'s home, Chip reveals that he\'s installed an expensive home theater system in his living room. Chip and Steven later host a party, complete with a karaoke sing-off. With Chip\'s help, Steven sleeps with a woman named Heather, while Chip serenades the party by singing Jefferson Airplane\'s "Somebody to Love". The next morning, however, Chip reveals that Heather and several other women at the party were prostitutes. Furious, Steven throws Chip out. Chip tells Steven he will make things better. Chip tracks down Robin, who is on a date with another man . When the man goes to the bathroom, Chip beats him up and tells him to stay away from Robin. He later upgrades Robin\'s cable, saying that it\'s on Steven. Robin decides to get back together with Steven as a result. However, Steven tells Chip that they cannot be friends, which hurts Chip. Chip then begins a series of vengeful acts. He gets Steven arrested for possession of stolen property , although Steven is released on bail. Steven is later fired from his job when Chip sends out a video of Steven insulting his boss to the entire office that was recorded by hidden cameras in his apartment. During a dinner with his family and Robin, Steven is horrified to see Chip is in attendance as well. Steven tells him to leave, but Chip tells him to play along or he will show everyone the picture of him with the prostitute. The evening goes from bad to worse as Chip gets on well with Steven\'s family and leads everyone in a game of "porno password". Steven finally punches Chip when he implies he slept with Robin. Rick later tells Steven that Chip has been fired from the cable company for stalking customers, and uses the names of television characters as aliases. Chip calls Steven that night, telling him he\'s paying Robin a visit. Steven tracks them down to the satellite dish, where Chip holds Robin hostage. After a physical altercation and a chase, Steven gets the upper hand and is able to save Robin. As the police arrive, Chip goes into a long speech on how he was raised by television ("I learned the facts of life by watching [[The Facts of Life  and apologizes to Steven for being a bad friend. He then dives into the satellite dish, which knocks out the cable across the entire town, just as the verdict in a highly publicized case involving a famous child star is about to be revealed. The following scene shows a man turning off his television and picking up a book, noticeably intrigued. Chip survives the fall, but injures his back. As Steven and Robin reunite, Steven forgives Chip and asks for his real name. Chip jokingly replies "Ricky Ricardo". Chip is later taken to the hospital in a helicopter. When one of the paramedics addresses him as "buddy", Chip asks the paramedic if he is truly his buddy, to which the paramedic replies, "Sure", causing Chip to smile deviously just before the credits roll.'] ['Sullivan  is a cable TV news mogul. He tries to prevent the impending marriage of Colleran , his best reporter and ex-wife, by keeping her on the job during the critical news coverage of an upcoming execution and prison break.'] ["The mayor  of a small village in Southeastern Turkey in the 70's bitterly opposes the activities of sleazy opportunist Latif  who runs open-air film screenings and seeks to break his monopoly over village entertainment with the introduction of the first television . The mayor recruits a crazy electrician called Emin  and some of his office staff to help him to set up the signal receiver on the highest position of the mountain. While Latif seeks to undermine his efforts by decrying television as the work of the Devil and a slap in the face of Islamic tradition. The story is based on the childhood memories of the writer-director Yılmaz Erdoğan of the arrival of the first television to Hakkâri, Turkey in the 70's."] ['The movie is shot as a documentary set in a world where the killers depicted in famous slasher films are real. A female journalist named Taylor Gentry and her two cameramen, Doug and Todd, document the preparations of Leslie Vernon as he prepares to join the ranks of other slasher villains. Leslie takes his identity from an urban legend about a boy who killed his family and was cast into a river by angry townsfolk. He initially claims to be the vengeful spirit of the slain boy, but soon admits that he is an ordinary man named Leslie Mancuso who must rely on conventional tactics rather than supernatural powers. Taylor and her crew film Leslie\'s meticulous preparations to slaughter a number of teenagers in an abandoned house and then be confronted by a virginal "survivor girl", Kelly. Taylor and her crew come to share Leslie\'s enthusiasm for his project, but their consciences catch up with them on the night of the murders. They beg Leslie to call off his killing spree, but Leslie is adamant, believing that his survivor girl will define herself by facing him. Taylor and her crew abandon their documentary and at this point the film shifts from a documentary style to a traditional horror movie presentation. Taylor attempts to warn and rally the remaining teens together to fight Leslie, but Leslie\'s preparations repeatedly give him the upper hand. The group looks to Kelly for leadership, but she unexpectedly dies. Taylor quickly realizes that, as a virgin herself, she was Leslie\'s true survivor girl all along. Leslie continues picking off the group one-by-one until only Taylor remains. She faces Leslie and defeats him in the exact manner he had laid out for her, then burns down the shed in which he was defeated. She then runs into Doug and Doc Halloran who survived their encounters with Leslie. However, Leslie\'s preparations included learning to feign death and slathering himself with flame-retardant gel. Over the final credits, security camera footage reveals Leslie\'s charred body sitting up on an autopsy table, still alive, accompanied by the song "Psycho Killer" by The Talking Heads.'] ["Lionel Powers and Julian Messenger are filthy rich men with dirty family secrets. They play dirty as well, fighting for control over a professional football team in Los Angeles with every weapon at their disposal. While the billionaires scheme and squabble, the married couple Rita and Jerry Pascoe can barely make ends meet. Their marriage becomes strained with Jerry's continuing inability to hold or find a job. While rich people blackmail one another, homeless people look for handouts and Jerry Pascoe is reduced to cleaning stadium restrooms and applying for a job as a peanut vendor. The tabloid-worthy secrets in the lives of Powers' wife Ariel and right-hand man Alan Blanchard lead to dire consequences for all. The marriage of the Pascoes, meanwhile, turns tragi-comically from a terrible climax to fodder for reality TV."] ['Pierre Delacroix ,  is an uptight, Harvard University-educated black man, working for a television network known as CNS . At work, he has to endure torment from his boss Thomas Dunwitty , a tactless, boorish white man. Not only does Dunwitty talk like an urban black male, and use the word "nigger" repeatedly in conversations, he also proudly proclaims that he is more black than Delacroix and that he can use nigger since he is married to a black woman and has two mixed race children. Dunwitty frequently rejects Delacroix\'s scripts for TV shows that portray black people in positive, intelligent scenarios, dismissing them as "Cosby clones". Facing the necessity of either coming up with a hit black-centric show or being fired, Delacroix decides to aim for the latter. Delacroix would be in violation of his contract if he resigned, but getting fired would release him from it and allow him to seek work at another network. With help from his personal assistant Sloane Hopkins , Delacroix decides to pitch a minstrel show. Mantan: The New Millennium Minstrel Show is complete with black actors in blackface, extremely racist jokes and puns, and even offensively stereotyped CGI-animated cartoons that caricature the leading stars of the new show. Delacroix develops the program believing that the network would reject such over-the-top racism and fire him immediately. Delacroix and Hopkins decide to recruit two impoverished street performers, Manray  and Womack  -- homeless squatters who regularly perform outside CNS\' headquarters building to star in the show. While Womack is horrified when Delacroix tells him details about the show, Manray willfully agrees to star in the show, seeing it as his big chance to become rich and famous for his tap dancing skills. To Delacroix\'s horror, not only does Dunwitty enthusiastically endorse the show, it also becomes hugely successful. As soon as the show premieres on television, Manray and Womack end up becoming big stars while Delacroix, contrary to his original stated intent, defends the show as being satirical. Delacroix quickly embraces the show and his newfound fame; he even wins awards for creating and writing the show, while Hopkins becomes horrified at the racist nightmare she has helped to unleash. In the meantime, an underground, militant rap group called the Mau Maus , led by Hopkins\' older brother Julius , becomes increasingly angry at the content of the show. Though they had earlier auditioned for the program\'s live band position and were rejected, the group plan to bring the show down using violence. Eventually, Womack quits, fed up with the show and Manray\'s increasing ego. Manray and Hopkins thus grow closer, which angers Delacroix. Delacroix tries to break up Manray\'s relationship with Hopkins by accusing her of sleeping with Manray to further her career. Delacroix reveals that Hopkins only got her position as his assistant by sleeping with him. The move backfires and drives Manray and Hopkins even closer.  Hopkins creates a tape of racist footage culled from assorted movies, cartoons, television shows, and newsreels to try to shame Delacroix into stopping production of the show, but he refuses to view the tape. After an argument with Delacroix over all these differences, as well as realizing he is being exploited, Manray defiantly announces that he will no longer wear blackface. He appears in front of the studio audience, who are all in blackface, during a TV taping and does his dance number in his regular clothing. The network executives immediately turn against Manray, and Dunwitty  personally fires him from the show and throws him out of the studio. The Mau Maus kidnap Manray, and then announce a plan to publicly execute Manray on a live webcast. The authorities work feverishly to track down the source of the internet feed, but Manray is nevertheless assassinated while doing his famous tap dancing . At his office, Delacroix  begins to fantasize the various coon-themed antique collectibles in his office staring him down and coming to life and goes into a rage, destroying many of the racist collectibles. The police quickly catch The Mau Maus, shooting them down in a hail of bullets. They leave only one survivor, a white member known as "One-Sixteenth Black" , who tearfully proclaims that he is "black" and demands to die with the rest of his group instead of being arrested. Furious, Hopkins confronts Delacroix at gunpoint with her brother\'s revolver and demands that he watch the tape she prepared for him. Delacroix, after watching the tape, tries to get the gun, but is shot in the stomach. Hopkins, horrified, flees while proclaiming that it was Delacroix\'s own fault that he got shot. Delacroix, after positioning the gun to make the gunshot wound to the stomach appear self-inflicted, watches the tape as he lies dying on the floor. The film concludes with a long montage of racially insensitive and demeaning clips of black characters from Hollywood films of the first half of the 20th century. Some of the films used in the sequence are The Birth of a Nation, The Jazz Singer, Gone with the Wind, Babes in Arms, Holiday Inn, Ub Iwerks\' cartoon Little Black Sambo, Walter Lantz\'s cartoon Scrub Me Mama with a Boogie Beat, the Screen Songs short Jingle Jangle Jungle, the Merrie Melodies short All This and Rabbit Stew, and, from the Hal Roach comedy School\'s Out, Our Gang kids Allen "Farina" Hoskins and Matthew "Stymie" Beard. After the montage, as the cameras point to Delacroix\'s lifeless body on the floor, the camera then shows Manray doing his last Mantan sequence on stage.'] ["Soft and Hard brings to light questions regarding images and language, in film and television, but does not necessarily set out to answer the questions. Soft and Hard is one of many video projects Godard experimented with during this time of his career. There are several key scenes during Soft and Hard that directly correlate with the questions being asked about TV compared to film. The video starts with the words Soft and Hard appearing in text on the screen. Godard and Miéville then use voiceover of them speaking while random images appear on the screen. A slow motion shot of Godard swinging a tennis racquet follows. Godard and Miéville proceed to a conversational interview that never resolves anything or settles on one correct idea regarding image, but brings to light issues. The conversation-style interview between Godard and Miéville has many elements that are counter to modern-day television interviewing techniques. The lighting for the interview is a single lamp placed on the end table between Godard and Miéville, a technique opposite that of traditional television lighting. The lengthy conversational interview between Godard and Miéville is one extremely long take that has no reverse shot. The entire interview is a cross shot with Godard's back at the camera, but never the reverse angle where the audience could see his face. This is the most obvious element during the interview that is seen as an opposite traditional television interviewing technique. After the interview, the last scene is a shot of a television. As the camera slowly zooms in on the television, it appears as if someone is channel surfing. At the end the channel stops on a shot from Godard's film, Contempt. We see a cameraman panning across the screen finally stopping as if he were shooting at the audience. The shot in Soft and Hard then pans to a blank wall where Contempt is now being projected. Miéville proceeds to walk in front of the projector still playing Contempt, revealing her shadow. Godard then joins her as they hold their arms out making shadows. Soft and Hard ends with the shot of Contempt projected on the wall as Godard says “Where has it all gone, all those projects, all those projects to grow, to be enlarged into subjects?” This is followed by Miéville's lines: “It is hard to say”. Then, finally, Godard says “Hard to say” . It fades to black and the credits begin to roll."] ["A 'mockumentary' on the rise and fall of Chip and Dales dancer turned martial arts action star, Francis Allen Sledgewick, AKA Frank Sledge. When fame and fortune caused Frank to lose his sense of what's truly important, he realised he's going to have to get in touch with his roots if there's ever going to be a comeback."] ['Chris Hardwick introduces a series of "clips" with Astrid, a veejay for a mediocre music television station. It is soon obvious that Astrid is incredibly stupid, having no clue about the people she interviews or what she even does. Throughout the film, she interviews Taye Diggs  and Coolio, who is too busy eating to give her decent answers.'] ["Lanie Kerrigan , a successful reporter for a Seattle television station interviews a self-proclaimed prophet, Jack , to find out if he really can predict football scores. Instead, Prophet Jack not only predicts the football score, and that it would hail the next day, but also that she would die in seven days, meaning the following Thursday. When his first two prophecies turn out to be correct, Kerrigan panics and again meets with Jack, asking him for another prophecy so that she can prove it wrong, which would imply uncertainty of her death. Jack tells her that there will be a relatively significant earthquake in San Francisco at 9:06 am; she hopes that it will be wrong but again it also becomes reality. Now Lanie becomes sure of her upcoming death and is forced to reevaluate her life. The remainder of the storyline, which runs for the week of the prophecy, revolves around her attempts at introspection. She seeks consolation in her famous baseball player boyfriend Cal Cooper , and in her family, but finds little there. Her lifelong ambition, that of appearing on network television, begins to look like a distant dream. In her desperation, she commits professional blunders, but ends up finding support in an unlikely source: her archenemy, the cameraman Pete Scanlon , with whom she once had casual sex; he introduces her to a new approach to life. Pete tells her to live every moment of her life and to do whatever she always wanted to do. Lanie implements Pete's advice; she moves in with Pete for a day, he introduces her to his son Tommy  who lives with his mother who had separated with Pete, and they spend a whole day together with Tommy; that night they sleep together for the second time. The next day Lanie receives an opportunity for a job she always dreamed of in New York; she asks Pete to come with her, but he declines and tells her that her appetite for success and fame will never end. Lanie sadly leaves for New York. Pete meets Jack and tells him how wrong he is, as Lanie got the job which Jack foretold she would not get. But Jack explains that he was right as Lanie will never be able to get the job as she'll die before it begins; he again gives a prophecy of a death of a famous former baseball player in a plane crash. Pete receives the news of the death of the baseball player as foretold by Jack, and tries to call Lanie to warn her. When he cannot reach her, he also flies to New York. Lanie, unconcerned with Jack's prophecy, interviews her idol, famous media personality Deborah Connors , which receives huge television ratings. Lanie is offered a better opportunity but she declines as now she knows what is worthwhile in her life—she goes to Pete in Seattle. Outside in the street a police officer gets into a conflict with a man, who shoots a bullet into the air. Pete tries to warn Lanie across the street, but she is shot in the crossfire. Luckily, Lanie survives, and Pete tells her in the hospital that he has loved her since the first time he saw her; Lanie says she loves him, too. Later, Pete, Lanie and Tommy watch Cal's baseball game, where Lanie  says that one part of her has died—the part which didn't know how to live a life."] ["While attending a preview of the film Stab, a film within a film based on the Woodsboro murders depicted in Scream, college student Phil Stevens and his girlfriend Maureen Evans, are both killed by Ghostface, though the onlookers at the theater witness Maureen's death and believe it to be a publicity stunt until she dies before them. The following day, the news media, including local journalist Debbie Salt, descends on Windsor College where Sidney Prescott now studies alongside her fellow Woodsboro survivor Randy, her boyfriend Derek, her classmate Mickey, and her best friend Hallie. Sidney receives prank calls, but is oblivious to the killings until someone tells her to watch the news. Two other Woodsboro survivors arrive at the campus: officer Dewey Riley to help Sidney, and reporter Gale Weathers to cover the case. Gale tries to stage a confrontation between Sidney and Cotton Weary - who is attempting to gain fame from his exoneration for the murder of Sidney's mother. Sidney angrily hits Gale. Later that night, Sidney unwillingly goes to a party with Hallie. At a sorority house, Ghostface kills fellow student Cici. He then crashes the party and attempts to murder Sidney, though Derek intervenes. The killer injures Derek, but Dewey and the police arrive, causing the killer to flee. The next day, Gale discusses the case with the police. Upon realizing that Cici's real name is Casey, she concludes that the killer is a copycat who targets students whose names are shared with the Woodsboro murder victims. While Gale is talking to Dewey and Randy on the campus lawn, she receives a call from Ghostface hinting that he sees what they are doing. Dewey, Randy, and Gale deduce that he is on the campus, watching them. They search for him, but Randy, who tries to keep the killer on the phone, is dragged into Gale's broadcast van and stabbed to death. In the wake of the escarlating murders, two officers prepare to take Sidney and Hallie to safety, but the killer ambushes them and kill the two officers. In the ensuing struggle, Ghostface is knocked unconscious. Sidney insists on seeing Ghostface's true identity under the mask, while Hallie insists they escape. Before they can see his face, Ghostface wakes up and kill Hallie. Sidney flees. Dewey and Gale review the tape of Ghostface killing Randy, hoping to find some clues, but the killer attacks them and seemingly kill Dewey. Gale hides and eventually escapes. Sidney finds Derek bound to a stage prop and is confronted by Ghostface. He reveals himself as Mickey and kills Derek. Mickey details his plan to be caught and become famous in the ensuing trial. He announces his accomplice, Debbie Salt, who arrives holding Gale at gun point. Sidney recognizes that Salt is actually Mrs. Loomis, the mother of Billy Loomis seeking revenge for her son's death. Mrs. Loomis betrays Mickey and shoots him. Mickey shoots Gale before he collapses. Sidney and Mrs. Loomis fight until Cotton intervenes and shoots Mrs. Loomis. As they wait to see if Mrs. Loomis is truly dead, they find Gale still alive. Mickey suddenly leaps to his feet and is shot to death by Sidney and Gale. Sidney then turns and shoots Mrs Loomis in the head, 'just in case'. When the police arrive, Gale finds Dewey to be injured but alive and accompanies him to the hospital. Sidney instructs the press to direct questions to Cotton, rewarding him with the fame he has been chasing while removing the attention from herself."] ['Lee Chak-Sing  is a rich kid living in Hawaii. He\'s arrogant and fond of playing mean tricks on everyone around him. His life changes when he meets Chung-Chung , a young woman whom he declares is very ugly. Tat , Sing\'s loyal assistant, is revealed by Sing\'s mother to be his true father. He is then faced with a decision: Accept Tat as his father and lose his inheritance or continue to call the other man his father and live in the lap of luxury. He chooses his father. Sing offends local crime lord Fumito  by dancing with Fumito\'s girl in a Pulp Fiction-inspired dance contest. In a fit of rage, Fumito orders his henchman Mark  to kill Sing. When Tat comes to rescue his son, both are caught by Mark and tied together in a bathroom stall, where Mark planted a bomb. Sing chops off his arm and manages to let his father escape on an ejector toilet seat, leaving Sing to apparently die in the explosion. Sing\'s brain and lips are recovered. There is technology to construct a new body for him at the cost of $60,000,000. However, since Sing renounced his rich father, he doesn\'t have the money. Tat can only provide $6,000. Chang , offers to create a body for $6,000. After some trial and error, such as creating legs out of arms, Sing is transformed into a cyborg. To fool Fumito, however, a funeral is staged for Sing, where he hides to watch. The only person to attend is Chung-Chung, who is unaware of Sing\'s true fate, and mourns his death. When Sing sees this, he feels remorse for mistreating her . Two years later, he gets a job as a teacher at one of the worst schools in the area. He is harassed and assaulted by the students, culminating in Sing being "crucified" on the front gate of the school with his  garden hose genitalia hanging out. Chung-Chung also works at the school, but has matured and is no longer the awkward, unattractive girl that Sing knew. She also has a rich fiance with a fancy sports car. That evening, in a fit of despair, Sing attempts suicide but is stopped when Chang delivers a new microchip he\'s been working on. The microchip enables Sing to transform into many different household appliances and makes him nearly indestructible. Sing returns to the school and corrects the anarchy, serving as a superhuman disciplinarian. Under his care, all the students become diligent and hardworking. Sing\'s fame catches Fumito\'s attention. He sends Mark to finish Sing off, but Mark fails. The henchman tries to escape, but Sing kills him by twisting his body into a human basketball. Using his wealth, Fumito has Mark rebuilt into a powerful cyborg with shape-shifting abilities. Mark infiltrates Sing\'s wedding party as Sing\'s old friend Siu-Fu, but Sing sees through the disguise. In the ensuing chaos, Sing is apparently killed in an explosion. To everyone\'s surprise, Sing returns as a powerful old lady, resembling a Park\'n Shop mascot, in a bulletproof robe. Ultimately, Sing transforms into a microwave oven and traps Mark inside, burning him to death. Fumito is disposed of soon after.'] ['Ben is a witty, charismatic serial killer who holds forth at length about whatever comes to mind, be it the "craft" of murder, the failings of architecture, his own poetry, or classical music, which he plays with his girlfriend. A film crew joins him on his sadistic adventures, recording them for a fly on the wall documentary. Ben takes them to meet his family and friends while boasting of murdering dozens of people at random and dumping their bodies in canals and quarries. The viewer witnesses these grisly killings in graphic detail. Ben ventures into apartment buildings, explaining how it is more cost-effective to attack old people than young couples because the former have more cash at home and are easier to kill. In a following scene, he screams wildly at an elderly lady, causing her to have a heart attack. As she lies dying, he casually remarks that this method saved him a bullet. Ben continues his candid explanations and appalling rampage, shooting, strangling, and beating to death anyone who comes his way: women , immigrants , and postmen . The camera crew becomes more and more involved in the murders, first as accomplices but eventually taking an active part in them. When Ben invades a home and kills an entire family, they help him hold down a young boy and smother him. They meet a competing camera crew and take turns shooting the three men. During filming, two of Ben\'s crew are killed; their deaths are later called "occupational hazards" by a crew member. When Ben takes a couple hostage in their own home, he holds the man at gunpoint while he and the crew gang-rape the woman. The following morning, the camera dispassionately records the aftermath: the woman has been butchered with a knife, her entrails spilling out, and the man has been shot to death. Ben\'s violence becomes more and more random until he kills an acquaintance in front of his girlfriend and friends during a birthday dinner. Spattered with blood, they act as though nothing horrible has happened, continuing to offer Ben presents. The film crew disposes of the body for Ben. After a victim flees before he can be killed, Ben is arrested, but he escapes. At this point someone starts taking revenge on him and his family. Ben discovers that his parents have been killed, along with his girlfriend: a flautist, she has been murdered in a particularly humiliating manner, with her flute inserted into her anus. This prompts Ben to decide that he must leave. He meets the camera crew to say farewell, but in the middle of reciting a poem he is abruptly shot dead by an off-camera gunman. The camera crew is then picked off one by one. After the camera falls, it keeps running, and the film ends with the death of the fleeing sound recordist.'] ['Fast-talking Jimmy Bates  takes over as publicity agent for a struggling carnival owned by Colonel Munday. His latest scheme to bring in customers involves promising to reveal the identity of the father  of his hot-tempered girlfriend, "hootch dancer" Teresita , at that night\'s performance. However, when the local sheriff learns that it is all a con, Bates, his friend Achilles and Teresita have to flee. They head to New York City. Bates has always bragged about his close friendship with powerful theater impresario Merle Farrell. Bates promises to make Teresita a star, but it soon becomes clear that Farrell has never heard of him. Undaunted, Bates promotes Teresita as "Princess Exotica", an escapee from a Turkish harem, complete with a eunuch servant  and a lion. Bates informs the reporters that she will be starring in Farrell\'s show. At first, Farrell is outraged, but when he hears about the sharp increase in ticket sales, he signs Teresita to a contract. Farrell insists, however, that she perform a slow Middle Eastern-style dance, which bores the audience. Bates rushes onstage and has her drop her pretense and sing a modern song. This proves to be a hit, and Teresita becomes a star, while Bates becomes Farrell\'s new publicity manager. However, while Bates is away on a business trip, she starts seeing the married Farrell. When Bates finds out, he quits and promises to make the first girl he sees into a bigger sensation to eclipse his treacherous girlfriend. That turns out to be blond hotel maid Gladys, whom Achilles is trying to romance. Bates has Gladys pretend to be "Eve", the leader of a group of nudists. He blackmails Farrell  into signing Eve to his show. Meanwhile, the public has started to tire of Teresita. Achilles decides to return to the carnival life, and purchases Colonel Munday\'s business. Bates calls him a fool, but after a while, he too becomes dissatisfied with New York and goes to see his friend. There, he finds Teresita singing as one of the carnival\'s attractions.'] ["The mysterious Michael Rimmer  appears at a small and ailing British advertising agency, where the employees assume he is working on a time and motion study. However, he quickly begins to assert a de facto authority over the firm’s mostly ineffectual staff and soon acquires control of the business from the incompetent boss Ferret . Rimmer then succeeds in establishing the newly invigorated firm as the country’s leading polling agency, and begins to make regular TV appearances as a polling expert. He subsequently moves into politics, acting as an adviser to the leader of the Tory opposition, and then becomes an MP himself, for the constituency of Budleigh Moor , along the way acquiring a trophy wife . Relying on a combination of charisma and deception--and murder--he then rapidly works his way up the political ladder to become prime minister , and finally, by public demand, a near-dictatorial president. Ferret attempts an assassination from a window when Rimmer and his wife's opened topped car is in a passing motorcade - but fails. The film satirised the growing influence of PR, spin and opinion polls in British politics,<ref namehttp://www.guardian.co.uk/film/2007/jun/30/television.comedy|titleCook|first30 June 2007|publisher2009-10-14}} as well as parodying political figures of the time such as Harold Wilson and Enoch Powell. Peter Cook admitted later that he had partly based his portrayal of the Rimmer character on David Frost, who had provided funding for the film<ref nameThompson|firstPeter Cook: A Biography|publisher1997|pages0-340-64969-0}} and took an executive producer credit. Latterly, the film has acquired a fresh contemporary relevance in that Michael Rimmer's character and career seem eerily predictive of Tony Blair ."] ['In late 1950s America, a drunken drifter, Larry Rhodes , is plucked out of a rural Arkansas jail by Marcia Jeffries  to sing on a radio show at station KGRK. His raw voice, folksy humor and personal charm bring about a strong local following, and he lands a television show in Memphis, Tennessee under the stage name "Lonesome" Rhodes, given to him on a whim by Jeffries. With the support of the show\'s staff writer Mel Miller  and Jeffries, the charismatic Rhodes ad libs his way to Memphis area popularity. When he pokes fun at his sponsor, a mattress company, they initially pull their ads— but when his adoring audience revolts, burning mattresses in the street, the sponsor discovers that Rhodes\'s irreverent pitches actually increased sales by 55%, and returns to the air with a new awareness of his power of persuasion. Rhodes also begins an affair with Jeffries. An ambitious office worker at the mattress company, Joey DePalma , puts together a deal for Rhodes to star in his own show in New York City. The sponsor is Vitajex, an energy supplement which he ingeniously pitches as a yellow pill which will make men energetic and sexually powerful. Rhodes\'s fame, influence and ego balloon. Behind the scenes, he berates his staff and betrays Jeffries by eloping with a 17-year-old drum majorette . The onetime drifter and his new bride move into a luxury penthouse, while a furious Jeffries demands more money and credit for her role in Rhodes\'s success. The sponsor\'s CEO introduces Rhodes to a senator named Fuller whose presidential campaign is faltering. Under Rhodes\'s tutelage as media coach, the senator gains the lead in national polls. But Rhodes\'s life begins to unravel as his amoral dealings with the people closest to him have placed his career trajectory on a collision course with their festering wounds. A woman  turns up claiming to be his legitimate wife. He also goes home early to find his agent and young wife ending a tryst. He returns to Marcia Jeffries to proclaim that with the election victory assured, he will soon serve on the President\'s cabinet as "Secretary For National Morale," as a part of his organization called "Fighters for Fuller." He also expects Jeffries to resume her romance with him. She runs away. Miller tells Jeffries he\'s written an exposé about Rhodes, entitled "Demagogue in Denim," and he has just found a publisher. Ultimately, Rhodes\'s descent into fame and arrogance begins to turn on him. DePalma threatens to reveal Rhodes\'s own secrets if the affair with the young wife is made public, claiming that he and Rhodes are now part of the same corruption. Rhodes is stuck with his business partner, but cruelly dumps his cheating wife. The final blow is delivered by the one who has loved Rhodes the most and been most injured by his selfishness: Marcia Jeffries. At the end of one of Rhodes\'s shows, the engineer cuts the microphone and leaves Jeffries alone in the control booth while the show\'s credits roll. Millions of viewers watch  their hero Rhodes smiling and seeming to chat amiably with the rest of the cast. In truth, he\'s on a vitriolic rant about the stupidity of his audience. In the broadcast booth, Jeffries reactivates his microphone, sending his words and laughter over the air live. A sequence of television viewers is shown to react to Rhodes\'s description of them all as "idiots, morons, and guinea pigs." Still unaware that his words have gone out over the air waves , he departs the penthouse studio in a jovial mood and prophetically tells the elevator operator that he\'s going "all the way down." As the elevator numbers go down to 0, the ratings of the show go down as well, due to Rhodes\' insults. Rhodes arrives at his penthouse, where he was to meet with the nation\'s business and political elite. Instead he finds an empty space, except for a group of African American butlers and servants, by whom, in desperation, he demands to be loved. When they don\'t respond, Rhodes dismisses all of them. Rhodes calls the studio and Jeffries listens to him rant as he threatens to jump to his death from the penthouse. Jeffries, who has been silent, suddenly screams at Rhodes, telling him to jump and to get out of hers and everybody\'s lives. Miller asks her angrily why did she not tell Rhodes the whole truth. Jeffries and Miller go to the penthouse and Rhodes is drunk and disconnected from reality. He shouts folksy platitudes and sings at the top of his lungs while his longtime flunky Beanie  works an applause machine — Rhodes\'s own invention — to replace the cheers, applause, and laughter of the audience that has abandoned him. When he vows to get revenge on the TV studio\'s engineer, Jeffries admits it was she who betrayed him. She demands he never call her again, and Miller tells Rhodes that life as he knew it is over. Miller bemoans the fact that Rhodes is not really destroyed at all. Both the public’s and the network’s need for Rhodes, will, “after a reasonable cooling off period” of remorse and contrition, he predicts, return Rhodes to the public eye, but never to his previous height of power of success. Rhodes ends up screaming from the window of his penthouse for Marcia Jeffries to come back as she leaves in a taxi with Miller, while a Coca-Cola sign continuously flashes off and on.'] ['Beverly Sutphin  appears to be a typical suburban housewife living with her dentist husband Eugene  and their children, Misty  and Chip  in the suburbs of Baltimore. Behind her chipper façade, however, she is a serial killer, murdering people over the smallest criticism, insult or slight. The film opens with the Sutphin family having breakfast and Beverly attentively taking care of family\'s needs until two police officers arrive to question the family about the mail threats and obscene phone calls to a fellow resident of the area, Dottie Hinkle. After a brief interview the family members and the police leave the house to begin their day, except Beverly who goes to the upstairs master bedroom and makes obscene phone calls by changing her voice to Dottie, revealing herself as the predator who has been bothering her. The reason for this is that Dottie stole a parking space from Beverly at the mall. Beverly\'s friend and neighbor, Rosemary Ackerman enters the house and surprises her as she finishes her prank call. This is so she can lend Beverly her sewing supplies and materials, including a pair of scissors. The first murder she is known to commit occurs after Beverly attends a PTA where Mr. Stubbins , Chip\'s high school math teacher, criticizes her son\'s morbid fascination with violent horror films and further questions the strength of family unit as well as recommending therapy for Chip. She runs him over with her car, killing him. A woman smoking marijuana witnesses the incident. The following morning, Beverly\'s husband, Eugene is called into the office by Betty Sterner. Misty is upset when she gets stood up by a date, Carl Pageant , proclaiming her desire to kill him. Beverly cautions Misty about using words she doesn\'t mean and subsequently sees the police investigating her trash cans and her car. Beverly skillfully deflects the cops\' questions before her husband asks the cops to leave. Later, seeing Carl with another girl  at a local indoor swap meet, Beverly impales him in a men\'s restroom with a fireplace poker that Rosemary, who came along, had purchased. Again a miscreant, a pervert, looking through a hole in one of the stalls, witnesses Beverly hiding in a toilet stall following the murder. Among the first to suspect Beverly\'s crimes is her neighbor, Dottie Hinkle, the person to whom she had been making obscene phone calls and sending threatening letters. After both coincidentally meet at Rosemary\'s house one afternoon, Beverly asks Rosemary a question in a similar tone of voice she used in her calls to Dottie, making Dottie realize the person harassing her is Beverly. After being interviewed by the police at his dental office, Beverly\'s husband Eugene uncovers disturbing items hidden under their mattress, including an autographed beefcake photo of Richard Speck , an audiotape of Ted Bundy (voice of [[John Waters , and a scrapbook filled with newspaper clippings of Jonestown and Charles Manson. After realizing her mother\'s role in Carl\'s death, Misty visits the video store where her brother works and announces to Chip and his friends, "Our mother is Charles Manson." That evening over dinner, Beverly\'s son comments that his friend Scotty thinks that she is the killer. Beverly dismisses this, but promptly gets up from the table and leaves. A moment later, the family hears Beverly\'s car driving away and set off in pursuit, thinking she is going to kill Scotty. Beverly\'s husband and children go to Scotty\'s house and break in only to find him alive and masturbating to a pornographic movie. The police barge in as well, to Scotty\'s further embarrassment. Beverly, in fact, is going to kill the Sterners and after some very skillful driving evades the police car following her. Upon arriving at the Sterners\' house, she spies on the Sterners who are having a chicken dinner, angering her as Beverly is an avid bird watcher. This, in concert with the fact that Betty called Eugene into the office on a Saturday morning as well as disregarding her husband\'s advice about not eating sweets , makes Beverly decide they must die. Beverly promptly sneaks into the house via the upstairs window in the bedroom and hides under the bed. When Betty opens the closet, Beverly stabs her in the stomach with scissors. When Ralph runs upstairs, he finds his wife dead and Beverly unsuccessfully tries to throw the same pair of scissors at him and kill him. Ralph runs outside calling for help and Beverly topples an air conditioner onto him, killing him. When the Sutphins go to church that Sunday , they hear a news report on the car radio naming Beverly as the suspect in two more murders — Betty  and Ralph Sterner . The family silently come to the conclusion that Beverly is indeed the murderer. When they arrive at church, they are met with suspicion and fear by the other congregants. The church\'s message board announces that the day\'s sermon is "Capital Punishment & You". The church service ends in pandemonium when a suspicious sound causes everyone, except Beverly, to panic and flee the church, including the minister. Police detectives confirm that Beverly\'s fingerprints match those at the Sterner crime scene and attempt to arrest her, but she manages to escape. She hides at the video rental store where her son works. She overhears a customer named Mrs. Jensen bickering with Chip over paying a fee for failing to rewind a videotape. After renting the film version of Annie, Mrs. Jensen calls Chip a "son of a psycho". Beverly sneaks out and follows Mrs. Jensen home, where Mrs. Jensen begins to watch the opening credits of Annie and sing along to "Tomorrow", then bludgeons her to death with a leg of lamb. She then notices one of Chip\'s friends, Scotty , spying from a window and begins chasing him. She tries to stab him with a knife through the car\'s convertible roof while yelling at him, "Wear your seat belt! It\'s the law!" Scotty drives off, but Beverly carjacks a passing van and follows him to Hammerjack\'s, where an all-girl band named Camel Lips ([[L7  is playing. Scotty tries to escape by running on stage, but Beverly causes a light fixture to fall on him and sets him on fire using a cigarette lighter and an aerosol can onstage in front of the deranged crowd listening to the band. Her family arrives and the police arrest Beverly, while the crowd cheer in support for "Serial Mom", as Beverly has been named by the media. Her trial becomes a national sensation. Having already been dubbed "Serial Mom", a TV movie about the case starring Suzanne Somers is planned. Chip hires an agent to manage the family\'s media appearances, while Misty and her new boyfriend, a reporter for The Baltimore Sun, sell merchandise about their mother\'s trial outside the courthouse. During opening arguments, Beverly notices that a member of the jury  is wearing white shoes after Labor Day, a fashion faux pas, during the whole trial. When Beverly brings this to the attention of her own attorney, he dismisses the comment, and claims that Beverly is not guilty by reason of insanity. She asks that her lawyer be fired and that she be permitted to represent herself. The judge reluctantly agrees and the trial begins. Beverly proves to be quite formidable defending herself at trial. When Dottie Hinkle testifies that Beverly is her prank phone caller, Beverly\'s courtroom antics cause Dottie to explode in a cursing fit, destroying her credibility and the judge holds her in contempt of court. When Rosemary Ackerman takes the stand, Beverly destroys her credibility by revealing that it was Ackerman\'s magazine which was the source for the nuisance letters to Dottie Hinkle, Ackerman\'s firepoker , which was used to kill Carl Pageant, and Ackerman\'s scissors  that were found at the Sterner murder scene. Beverly gets Ackerman to admit she doesn\'t recycle, which provokes exaggerated disgust from the jury. During the testimony of Marvin Pickles , who had seen her through a peephole in the restroom stall with the poker just before Carl\'s murder, Beverly fans her legs, sexually arousing the man and confusing him into to saying he had lied and never saw Beverly in the stall. Lu-Ann Hodges, the stoner who saw Beverly\'s car drive over Mr. Stubbins is discredited by her intoxicated demeanor, only recalling a blue car rather than a blue station wagon. Beverly questions Detective Gracey about the merits of judging her by her reading materials, which he obtained by searching her garbage, bolstering her own argument by displaying a porno magazine, Chicks with Dicks, which she claims was found in the detective\'s trash by her garbage man friends . During the second detective\'s testimony, the entire courtroom is starstruck and distracted from crucial evidence by the sudden appearance of Suzanne Somers, who would be portraying Beverly as the heroine of a television movie. When the verdict is read and Beverly is found not guilty on all charges, she laughs and announces "Oh, I\'m coming home!" to her family, who are clearly stunned and unnerved by her acquittal, they vow to "Never get on her nerves". During the post-trial interviews, Beverly follows the juror wearing white shoes to a pay phone in a conveniently empty ladies\' room. After lecturing the juror on the folly of wearing white after Labor Day and refusing to accept her apologies, Beverly kills the juror by striking her in the head hard with the payphone receiver. She joins her family just as Somers wants to have a picture taken with Beverly, who doesn\'t want to. Beverly gets increasingly angry at Somers\' insistence before yelling at her "Suzanne Somers! This is my bad side!" At that moment someone discovers the juror\'s body and begins screaming. Somers realizes what Beverly\'s family already knows: that the woman Somers pretentiously labeled a "feminist heroine" is indeed "Serial Mom". The film ends with a close-in on Beverly\'s face, as her lips quiver into a small but diabolical smile and a screen appears displaying the message that Beverly "refused to cooperate" with the making of the film, further playing on the premise of the film\'s reality.'] ['Sunny Ann Davis is a seemingly ditzy blonde who works as a cocktail waitress in Washington, D.C. She rents a small room in the home of a gay couple, has a lousy love life and drives a rust bucket of a car that she cannot afford to repair. The car breaks down, blocking the route of a diplomatic convoy that is traveling to the White House. Unsympathetic to Sunny\'s predicament, the Diplomatic Security Service treat the incident as a possible security threat and move into full security mode, guns drawn. Sunny is naive to the seriousness of her situation, concerned only that she will now be late for work. At the Safari Club where Sunny works, her night is getting worse. Her date cancels and she is forced to wear an emu suit because all of the other costumes are now taken by waitresses who arrived on time. She hates the costume because it invites unwanted sexual propositions. Even though she is "so broke," she refuses an offer from a patron requesting special "favors" in return for cash, as well as a loan from a waitress friend, Ella. On her way home, Sunny is curious about the media attention surrounding a gala dinner, so she stops to watch the dignitaries leaving the event. A man of Middle Eastern descent rudely pushes past her. Sunny feels something hard in his coat pocket. She asks if he has a gun. To her horror, he does. A shot is fired, but Sunny prevents him taking aim at his target by biting his arm. In the ensuing commotion, both Sunny and the gunman are forced to the ground and another shot is fired. Sunny cries out, realizing she has been shot. Through news media reports, we learn that Sunny has been taken to the hospital and is being lauded as a heroine. She has prevented the assassination of a visiting Emir, who had been in Washington to further relations between the US and his "small, but strategic Middle Eastern country." Doctors remove a bullet from Sunny\'s left buttock. While recovering, she finds herself thrust into public adoration, receiving mail from celebrities and countless marriage proposals. Michael Ransome, a Middle Eastern desk chief from the State Department, pays a visit to help Sunny get through her first press conference since the shooting. Sunny answers each question about her life with humor and charm, revealing herself to be hugely likeable, intelligent and patriotic. She also reveals that she has never voted, preferring to consider herself as just an American, rather than any political label. Back at the White House, politicians Crowe and Hilley are watching the conference. They joke that if Sunny is to be believed, she could run for office because of her appeal to so many large groups of voters, including working women, small town folk, senior citizens, gays, the "law-and-order bunch," baseball fans, barflys and animal lovers. They contact the President of the United States , and arrange for him to call Sunny at the hospital. The Emir whose life Sunny saved was being wooed by the US, which wants to establish a military base in his country because of its ideal geographic location in the Middle East. He decides that he will allow the US to build its base in his country — on the proviso that they allow him to claim Sunny as another wife. Without the President\'s knowledge, the State Department decides to trade Sunny for the base without her knowledge. The Vice President of the United States offers her a job within the Protocol Department of the Government. She has to look up what "protocol" means in a dictionary, but when she realizes he is offering her a well-paying job, she accepts. Sunny approaches her new job with nervous excitement, She attends formal dinners and meets dignitaries from foreign countries. At one dinner, she is introduced to Nawaf Al Kabeer, who thanks Sunny on behalf of the Emir, and presents a car to her, as a thank-you gift from the Emir. She returns it, having researched that as a government employee, she is unable to accept gifts. But this act infuriates both the Emir and the State Department. Sunny is unaware that in the Emir\'s country, the local population is aware that Sunny is to be a new Queen, and anger is growing. Sunny is told that the Emir wants to meet her personally, and that she is to "show him a good time." She looks upon this invitation as a way to help her old boss Lou  by arranging a party at his failing Safari Club, where she used to work. Lou has not closed the bar to his regular patrons and Sunny has invited friends of her own. The party gets out of control, the Police make arrests and all of this is filmed by the media. Ambassador St. John sees this as a perfect opportunity to finally make the trade. She tells Sunny to go with the Emir to "represent her country" and make amends. Sunny arrives in the Emir\'s country to find a painted mural of herself in wedding attire. She realizes it\'s a set-up, that she was traded so the US could build its base. The Emir confirms this. Unable to produce sons, he needs a new wife. Before an angry Sunny can respond, a violent coup d\'état takes place in the Emir\'s country of Otah, and the two are forced to flee. Back in the US, the government denies knowledge of the trade and the public is now questioning whether Sunny knew all along of the plan. She must also face a Congressional inquiry to find out the truth. Ransome quits his job in disgust at what was done to Sunny. At the inquiry, Sunny cuts the proceedings short by accepting blame, having taken an important job without fully understanding the political affairs of her country. But she reminds everyone that leaders have a responsibility toward the people. She warns the political powers in the room that, from now on, she will watch all of them "like a hawk." Two years later, Sunny has married Ransome and they have a baby. She is also running for Congress in her hometown of Diamond Junction in Oregon, and gets a call telling her that she has won.'] ["With her mother suddenly divorcing her father and leaving their comfortable home in Kolkata, Nitya finds herself in the new environs of Navi Mumbai. Finding her bearings, in a new city, letting go of her ambition to study in the USA for her MBA, and to begin work at a call centre is tough. She finds it a little easier however to cope with the situation, courtesy her newfound friend, Ritesh Jetmalani. Ritesh is the nicest guy on the planet, and maybe even in the universe. Nitya’s mother Binita Sen is troubled by her failed marriage. She hopes to find the new start she needs, in New Mumbai. She is befriended by the women in the colony and joins their kitty parties. She knows her daughter is angry with her and blames her for their situation, but believes that this was their best alternative to find their own place under the sun. Kirti Wagaskar who is Ritesh girlfriend is no ordinary middle class girl; she plans to marry RICH. She hates her elder sister Parimal’s life who is a housewife to her grouchy traditional husband, Ganpatrao. Serving Coffee at Costa’s, she spends an entire month’s salary on a Gucci bag and dreams of landing Yash Modi, a billionaire by birth. Binita’s father had left her some shares and she traces her father’s old stock broking house to figure out the maze of the stock market reality. Here she meets Firoz Sethna an ethical but cranky and eccentric stock broker who teaches her the ropes of correct investing. In the meantime, the group of kitty party ladies, feel, that Binita is up to something dubious, they haven’t got the gossip on her... And why did she leave her husband. However later they come to know that she is trying to sell stocks. Nitya realizes that her mother getting together with these amateur investors who have switched from watching soaps to watching CNBC, to look for investing opportunities, even if they are “aunties” it is cool after all. One day in Nitya's call center she is bored because she did not get a call for a very long time, forgetting to log off she goes to drink water When the CEO's of two companies are visiting the office. Hearing the CEO's coming into the room she accidentally drops the cup under the table and stays there. She heard their conservation and went to tell her mother that they are going to get their children married. Hearing this news Binita tells her friends to invest in their companies because the stock prices are likely to go up with the marriage. With all kitty ladies invested emotionally and financially in the company, Ritesh marrying Kirti is best for everyone and Nitya, despite her feelings for Ritesh, watches the wedding morning arrive in silence. Binita sees her daughter’s dilemma and finally tells her the real reason for her coming to New Mumbai. Her husband had left her for a younger woman, and she didn’t want her daughter to deal with the pressure or gossip nor did she want to be dependent on him. When the wedding day arrives Kirti is caught running away and when asked she tells that she wanted to marry Yash Modi. Hearing this news everyone is saddened because they all had invested in his company. After some time some foreign investors decided to invest in the company which shot the SENSEX from 8000 to 30000 in a few days.{{cite web}}"] ["Celebrity Jake Tanner  travels to a small town to film a reality TV-show about the towns hockey team. However, town local Jaynie  is soon murdered, being decapitated by a piece of wire hung up between two trees, but the murder is passed off as an accident. Jake meets with the shows producers, Lee  who now want to investigate the murder. As Jake goes to the local high school, he meets Keir , part of the shows crew, who believes Jaynie was murdered and suspects the hockey teams coach, Coach Carhartt . Jake meets the rest of the crew, including Mike , Daphne , Luke ([[Al Santos  and Greg  while also meeting the team captain, Vance  and head cheerleader Erin . Meanwhile, cheerleading coach Mrs Falls  is murdered by a masked killer, who drags her into a circular saw. The crew interview Vance, who swears he will get vengeance on whoever murdered Jaynie. Controversial celebrity Blanca Champion  soon arrives with her assistant Nik  to work on the show. The crew travel to meet Jaynie's father, Coach Hansen , who recently was released from prison for the murder of his wife. Hansen becomes angered however, and forces the crew to leave. While back at the school, Connor  tells Jake that Jaynie's death was not an accident. That night, the crew go to a bar, and discover of Mrs Falls death, but again the locals pass the death off as an accident, before Coach Hansen turns up and warns the crew away from the town. The next day, Lee fall out as Lee is changing the show to center around the deaths of the locals. Nick is sent to Coach Hansen's house to retrieve equipment that was left there previously. On arrival, Nick finds Coach Hansen dead, before the killer butchers Nick with a pickaxe. After Erin and Blanca have an argument, Blanca attempts to leave the town but realizes there is no signal for mobile phones in the town. After the crew film a hockey match, the crew go to the bar, but Luke remains behind to work out. He is attacked by the killer, who chops off his hand before finally stabbing him to death. Daphne decides to leave the bar, but while on her way home she discovers Greg's car. She stops and investigates, only to find Greg's throat slit. The killer then turns up and kidnaps her. The next day, the remaining crew discover of their missing co-workers, causing arguments between the survivors. Lee goes down to the boiler room where she finds the killer is filming the murders using the aid of a lipstick camera. Before she can warn the others though, the killer hangs her. After more filming, Jake, Blanca and Keir go back to a cabin to find the others. However, they find footage of Daphne being captured. They go back to the school and drop Blanca off so she can contact help on a Cb radio, while Jake and Keir go to where Daphne was captured. Meanwhile, Phoebe is in a local shop when she is attacked by the killer. She hides until Coach Carhart arrives and the pair flee to the coaches car. As they are about to leave, the killer slices open the coaches neck, while Phoebe runs to the school. The killer catches up with her though and strangles her to death. Jake and Keir discover the killers lair in the forest, but as they are about to leave Jake steps on a bear trap, so Keir leaves for help. Back at the school, Blanca fails to get help from the radio but finds Connor down in the boiler room, who shows Blanca a video the killer has made devoted to her. As the pair are leaving the school, they discover Daphne's dead body. Blanca soon becomes locked in a room, but Connor escapes. Keir arrives, but the killer quickly knocks her out, before finding Blanca. She escapes the room through the vents, but is confronted by the killer who is revealed to be an obsessed Mike, who murdered everyone to be close to her. Keir attempts to save Blanca, but Mike stabs her, however Jake, Vance and Connor arrive and shoot Mike. The next morning, the police arrive and put Mikes body in a body bag. Jake finds out Keir survived being stabbed, however soon discovers Mike was wearing a bullet proof vest and has escaped."] ['Carson portrays Dexter Jackson, a young, black deliveryman in Atlanta, Georgia who aspires to become a news reporter. Jackson gets what he considers his big break, when he drives up to a hostage situation. When the reporter on the scene is killed, Dexter steps in and confronts the hostage-taker, who threatens to kill himself on live television. However, Dexter talks the man out of it, and ratings-obsessed executive producer Kate Penndragin  later offers Dexter a reporter position at "News 4 Atlanta". A recurring gag throughout the film involves Jackson seeing himself on TV with notably different facial features, i.e. thinner lips, straight hair, and a lighter complexion. As Kate tries to transform Dexter\'s urban image , he begins questioning whether he\'s starting to sell out as he becomes more and more successful, in other words, he wonders whether becoming successful also means becoming "white". Although Dexter begins to fulfill his dream, he also starts forgetting where he came from. He alienates those close to him with tabloid-style exposé stories, i.e. a local barber\'s illegal numbers racket, and a restaurant\'s unhealthy cooking styles. Dexter loses his fiancé Toynelle  after a night on the town results in him spending the night with ditzy weather forecaster, Missy Carnes . Dexter also betrays his best friend Baker Moon  by revealing a local criminal\'s plan to commit grand theft auto. Baker winds up in the hospital. After longtime anchor Clifford Worthy  blows up on the air, Kate promotes Dexter to lead anchor and teams him with Missy, much to his chagrin. Kate also arranges a live marriage between the two, which she plans to exploit for ratings. However, in the end, Dexter comes to his senses and calls off the wedding, deciding to go back to Toynelle. He also makes amends to those he stepped over, just to become successful. In the end, Dexter finally reaches his goal, becoming co-anchor at News 4 Atlanta, alongside Clifford Worthy.'] ['Infuriated at being told to write one final column after being laid off from her newspaper job, Ann Mitchell  prints a letter from a fictional unemployed "John Doe" threatening suicide on Christmas Eve in protest of society\'s ills. When the note causes a sensation and the paper\'s competition suspects a fraud and starts to investigate, the newspaper editor rehires Mitchell who comes up with a scheme of hiding the fictional nature of "John Doe" while exploiting the sensation caused by the fake letter to boost the newspaper\'s sales, for which she demands a bonus equal to 8 months\' pay. After reviewing a number of derelicts who have shown up at the paper claiming to have penned the original suicide letter, Mitchell and editor Henry Connell  hire John Willoughby , a former baseball player and tramp who is in need of money to repair his injured arm, to play John Doe. Mitchell now starts to pen an article series in Doe\'s name, elaborating on the letter\'s ideas of society\'s disregard of people in need. Willoughby gets $50, a new suit of clothes, and a plush hotel suite with his tramp friend , who launches into an extended diatribe against "the heelots", lots of heels who incessantly focus on getting money from others. Willoughby is hired to give radio speeches, guided by Mitchell who is promised $100 a week to write his speeches, paid by the newspaper\'s publisher, D.B. Norton ([[Edward Arnold . Willoughby turns down a $5,000 bribe to admit the whole thing was a publicity stunt, gives Mitchell\'s speech, and dashes off to the countryside with "The Colonel". They ride the rails, playing the harmonica and ocarina until they show up in Millsville, where John Doe is recognized at a diner. He\'s brought to City Hall, where he\'s met by Hanson, who gives a five-minute monologue about how he was inspired to start a local John Doe club. The John Doe philosophy spreads across the country, developing into a broad grassroots movement whose simple slogan is, "Be a better neighbor". Far from being an altruistic philanthropist, however, Norton plans to channel the support for Doe into support for his own national political ambitions. As a culmination of this plan, Norton has instructed Mitchell to write a speech for Willoughby in which he announces the foundation of a new political party and endorses Norton as its presidential candidate. When Willoughby, who has come to believe in the John Doe philosophy himself, realizes that he is being used, he tries to expose the plot, but is first stymied in his attempts to talk his own mind to a nationwide radio audience at the rally instead of reading the prepared speech, and then exposed as a fake by Norton, who claims to have been deceived, like everyone else, by the staff of the newspaper. Frustrated by his failure, Willoughby intends to commit suicide by jumping from the roof of the City Hall on Christmas Eve, as indicated in the original John Doe letter. Only the intervention of Mitchell and followers of the John Doe clubs persuades him to renege on his threat to kill himself. At this point in the movie, a reference to Jesus Christ is made, that a historical "John Doe" has already died for the sake of humanity. The film ends with Connell turning to Norton and saying, "There you are, Norton! The people! Try and lick that!"'] ['Putney Swope, the only black man on the executive board of an advertising firm, is accidentally put in charge after the unexpected death of the chairman of the board: each board member actually believed that he, himself, should be elected Chairman, but the bylaws of the corporation prohibit voting for oneself, so each individual member voted his secret ballot for the person that no one else would vote for: Putney Swope. Renaming the business "Truth and Soul, Inc.", Swope replaces all but one of the white employees and insists they no longer accept business from companies that produce alcohol, war toys, or tobacco. The success of the business draws unwanted attention from the United States Government, which considers it "a threat to the national security."'] ['A veteran U.S. Senate Democrat, Bulworth is losing his bid for re-election to a fiery young opponent. Bulworth\'s leftist views, formed in the 1960s and 1970s, have lost favor with voters, so he has conceded to moderate politics and to accepting donations from special interests. In addition, though he and his wife have been having affairs openly for years, they must still present a happy facade in the interest of maintaining a good public image. Tired of politics and his life in general and planning to commit suicide, Bulworth negotiates a $10 million life insurance policy with his daughter as its beneficiary in exchange for a favorable vote for the insurance industry. Knowing that a suicide will negate his daughter\'s inheritance, he contracts to have himself assassinated within two days\' time. Turning up in California for his campaign extremely drunk, Bulworth begins speaking his mind freely at public events and in the presence of the C-SPAN film crew following his campaign. After ending up in a night club and smoking marijuana, he even starts rapping in public. His frank, potentially offensive remarks make him an instant media darling and re-energize his campaign. Becoming romantically involved with young campaigner Nina , Bulworth hides out in her family\'s home. He is pursued by the paparazzi, his insurance company, his campaign managers, Nina\'s protective drug-dealing brother, and an increasingly adoring public, all before his impending assassination. Nina reveals she is the assassin he indirectly hired and will now not carry out the job. Bulworth happily accepts a new campaign for the presidency right before he is shot in front of a crowd of reporters and supporters by an insurance representative fearful of Bulworth\'s push for single-payer health care. At the end of the picture he lies gravely wounded in a hospital, and it is left unsaid and unclear if he lives, or dies from his wounds. The picture ends with poet Amiri Baraka playing a street poet and proclaiming in front of the hospital, "You got to be a spirit. You can\'t be no ghost."'] ['George Newman  is a daydreamer whose hyperactive imagination keeps him from holding a steady job. His gambling uncle, Harvey Bilchik, wins the deed to Channel 62, a bankrupt UHF television station, in a poker game, and prodded by his wife, gives control of the station to George. George and his best friend Bob ([[David Bowe  meet the Channel 62 staff which is made up of the receptionist and wannabe reporter Pamela Finklestein , dwarf photojournalist and cameraman Noodles MacIntosh , and eccentric engineer Philo . George attempts to introduce himself to the rival VHF network station, Channel 8, but its owner, the cynical R.J. Fletcher ([[Kevin McCarthy  chases him out angrily. On his way out of the station, he encounters the janitor, Stanley Spadowski , recently fired by Fletcher, and offers him a job at Channel 62. Though George creates new shows, including the kid-friendly but poorly named "Uncle Nutzy\'s Clubhouse" which he hosts, the workload and bad debt of the station get to him. Amid the stress, he forgets his girlfriend Teri\'s  birthday, who breaks up with him over the incident. Despondent, George turns "Uncle Nutzy\'s Clubhouse" over to Stanley so he and Bob can go out for a drink. Arriving at the bar, they find that all the patrons are excitedly watching Stanley\'s antics on Channel 62. Realizing they have a hit on their hands, George and Bob are revived and inspired. They come up with ideas for more original shows in Channel 62\'s lineup, all spearheaded by the newly retitled "Stanley Spadowski\'s Clubhouse." As Channel 62\'s popularity grows, Fletcher becomes furious that a UHF station is getting better ratings than his network\'s programming. He learns that Harvey Bilchik is the owner of the station and has just gambled away $75,000 at the horse races. Fletcher makes Harvey the offer of covering his debt to his bookie, Big Louie, in return for ownership of Channel 62, which he would then only too happily shut down . George learns of the deal and calls his aunt, who forces her husband to hold off, allowing George time to raise the money Harvey owes by selling investment stock in Channel 62 through a telethon. The telethon starts off successfully, led by Stanley\'s boundless energy, but Fletcher sends his goons to kidnap Stanley. Without Stanley, the telethon grinds to a halt. George then leads a group to infiltrate Channel 8 and rescue Stanley. They return in time to successfully finish the telethon just before Harvey\'s debt comes due, saving the station and making it a publicly owned company. Fletcher, on the other hand, finds out that the penny, a 1955 doubled-die cent he mockingly gave to a beggar earlier in the film was rare and worth thousands, resulting in Channel 62 making its goal. He also discovers that a slanderous conversation of his contempt for his station\'s viewers was secretly recorded and rebroadcast by Philo, and that Channel 8 failed to file paperwork to renew its broadcast license with the FCC, which revokes his license and takes the station off the air. As the film ends, George and Teri rekindle their relationship, while the rest of the employees and fans of Channel 62 celebrate. Throughout the film, there are cutaway scenes that are comic homages to popular shows of the time, through either George\'s imagination or shows specifically for Channel 62. For example, a dream sequence includes a music video for Yankovic\'s "Money for Nothing/Beverly Hillbillies*" in both the audio and visual style of the Dire Straits\' "Money for Nothing", and fake commercials for Plots \'R Us Mortuary Service, Gandhi II, Conan the Librarian and Spatula City are shown throughout the film.'] ['A young political idealist named Henry Burton  is recruited to join the campaign of Jack Stanton , a charismatic, Southern Governor, who is vying to win the Democratic Party nomination for President of the United States. Henry is impressed by Stanton\'s genuine warmth and empathy with people. He joins Stanton\'s inner circle of political advisers: Stanton\'s formidable wife, Susan Stanton ; ruthless, redneck political strategist Richard Jemmons ; intelligent and attractive spokeswoman Daisy Green ; and sly political operator Howard Ferguson  as they journey to New Hampshire, the first state to hold a presidential primary. After Stanton completes an impressive debate performance against his Democratic rivals, Henry’s ex-girlfriend shows up to question Stanton about his arrest during the 1968 Democratic Convention in Chicago. The team become worried that Stanton’s past indiscretions may be used against him by the press and his political opponents. They hire Jack and Susan\'s old friend, the tough but unbalanced Libby Holden , to respond to any attacks designed to undermine Stanton\'s candidacy, as well as anticipate problems such as allegations about Stanton\'s notorious womanising. One of Stanton\'s mistresses, Cashmere McLeod , produces secret taped conversations between them to prove they had an affair. Henry discovers that the tapes have been doctored, so Libby tracks down the man responsible for the tapes and forces him at gunpoint to confess his guilt in a signed letter to the American public. The campaign is then rocked by a fresh allegation when Stanton\'s old friend, "Big Willie" McCullison  approaches Henry to tell him that his 16-year old daughter is pregnant and that Stanton is the father. Henry and Howard tell Willie he must allow his daughter to undergo an amniocentesis to determine Stanton\'s paternity. Although they convince Willie to remain silent on the issue, Henry is nonetheless sickened and disillusioned with the experience. Realising the campaign is falling behind in the polls, Stanton\'s team adopt a new strategy. Stanton begins going on the offensive by attacking his nearest rival, Senator Lawrence Harris  for being insufficiently pro-Israel and threatening to cut Medicare. Harris confronts Stanton during a radio debate but suffers a heart attack after the encounter. He subsequently withdraws from the race and is replaced by his friend, former Florida Governor Fred Picker . Picker\'s wholesome, straight-talking image proves an immediate threat to the campaign. Henry and Libby decide to seek out information about Picker’s past. They discover from his brother-in-law, Eddie Reyes , that Picker had a cocaine addiction as Governor, which led to the disintegration of his first marriage. They also meet Lorenzo Delgado , with whom Picker had a homosexual affair. Not expecting the information to ever be used, Libby and Henry share their findings with Jack and Susan, but are dismayed when they both decide to leak the information to the press. Libby says that if Jack does so, she will reveal that he tampered with the results of the paternity test, proving that he slept with Willie\'s daughter. Libby commits suicide after she realizes she spent her life idealizing Jack and Susan only to learn how flawed they truly are. Racked with guilt over Libby\'s death, Stanton takes the incriminating information to Picker, and apologizes for seeking it out. Picker admits to his past indiscretions, and agrees to withdraw from the race and to endorse Stanton. Henry intends to quit the campaign, admitting he has become deeply disillusioned with the whole political process. Stanton begs Henry to reconsider, persuading him that the two of them can make history. Months later, President Stanton is dancing at the Inaugural Ball with First Lady, Susan. He shakes the hands of all his campaign staff, the last of whom is Henry.'] ["Television executive Katy  develops what she hopes will become the most watched television show of all time, the ultimate game show called Live! where six contestants play Russian roulette with a revolver with six chambers loaded with one live cartridge and five dummy cartridges. During the show, after the cylinder is randomly turned, the six will fire the gun one by one pointed at their head, without intermediate extra turning of the cylinder, until one is killed. Thus this will happen anyway. At first the idea is to go give all six contestants $1,000,000 each, but, while there are more applicants at the auditions than expected, they are suicidal people. This is not desired, the contestants should want to live; therefore the prize is raised to $5,000,000 each for the surviving contestants, while the family of the killed contestant does not get any prize. As the TV Executive struggles to overcome the challenges by the Federal Communications Commission, her network, and the show's advertisers, a documentary filmmaker  films every detail of her glamorous, high powered life. The documentary filmmaker becomes involved in the making of the show by creating biographical segments about the contestants, who are Byron ([[Rob Brown , a young, struggling writer; Brad , extreme sports star; Rick , a man who had to spend much on medical bills for his young son and is now trying to save his family's farm; Jewel , an aspiring actress; Abalone , a former super model turned performance artist; and Pablo , a young gay Mexican immigrant determined to help his family . Jewel is first, Pablo next, both are unharmed. Next is Abalone; before pulling the trigger with the gun pointed at herself she does a performance in which she frightens others by pointing the gun at them; she is also unharmed, but plays falling dead. The fourth is Byron, also unharmed. Brad is fifth and kills himself. Katy is shocked and feels guilty, and goes to the bathroom to throw up. The body is quickly removed off-camera. Rick, who would be sixth wins the prize without having to pull the trigger. After that, during the after-show press gang, a man comes forward with another gun and kills Katy. The network claims the murder is unrelated to the theme of the show. Apart from the murder the show is a success. It has become an annual broadcast. This film shares similarities with independent film Series 7: The Contenders."] ['Based on the most common interpretation of the storyline,Cf. Bondanella, 143 and Kezich, 203 the film can be divided into a prologue, seven major episodes interrupted by an intermezzo, and an epilogue. If the evenings of each episode were joined with the morning of the respective preceding episode together as a day, they would form seven consecutive days, which may not necessarily be the case.  1st Day Sequence: A helicopter transports a statue of Christ over an ancient Roman aqueduct outside Rome while a second, Marcello\'s news helicopter, follows it into the city. The news helicopter is momentarily sidetracked by a group of bikini-clad women sunbathing on the rooftop of a high-rise apartment building. Hovering above, Marcello uses gestures to elicit phone numbers from them but fails in his attempt then shrugs and continues on following the statue into Saint Peter\'s Square.  1st Night Sequence: Marcello meets Maddalena  by chance in an exclusive nightclub. A beautiful and wealthy heiress, Maddelena is tired of Rome and constantly in search of new sensations while Marcello finds Rome suits him as a jungle he can hide in. They make love in the bedroom of a prostitute to whom they had given a ride home in Maddalena’s Cadillac. 1st Dawn Sequence: Marcello returns to his apartment at dawn to find that his fiancée, Emma , has overdosed. On the way to the hospital, he declares his everlasting love to her and again as she lies in a semiconscious state in the emergency room. While waiting frantically for her recovery, however, he tries to make a phone call to Maddalena.  2nd Day Sequence: That day, he goes on assignment for the arrival of Sylvia , a famous Swedish-American actress, at Ciampino airport where she is met by a horde of news reporters. During Sylvia\'s press conference, Marcello calls home to ensure Emma has taken her medication while reassuring her that he is not alone with Sylvia. After the film star confidently replies to the barrage of journalists\' questions, Marcello casually recommends that Sylvia be taken on a tour of St Peter\'s. Inside St Peter\'s dome, a news reporter complains that Sylvia is "an elevator" because none of them can match her energetic climb up the numerous flights of stairs. Inspired, Marcello maneuvers forward to be alone with her when they finally reach the balcony overlooking the Vatican. 2nd Night Sequence: That evening, the infatuated Marcello dances with Sylvia in the Baths of Caracalla. Sylvia\'s natural sensuality triggers raucous partying while Robert , her bored fiancé, reads a newspaper. His humiliating remark to her causes Sylvia to leave the group, eagerly followed by Marcello and his paparazzi colleagues. Finding themselves alone, Marcello and Sylvia spend the rest of the evening in the alleys of Rome where they wade into the Trevi Fountain. 2nd Dawn Sequence: Like a magic spell that has suddenly been broken, dawn arrives at the very moment Sylvia playfully "anoints" Marcello\'s head with fountain water. They drive back to Sylvia\'s hotel to find an enraged Robert waiting for her in his car. Robert slaps Sylvia, orders her to go to bed, and then assaults Marcello who takes it in stride.  3rd Day Sequence: Marcello meets Steiner , his distinguished intellectual friend, inside a church playing Bach on the organ. Steiner shows off his book of Sanskrit grammar.  4th Day Sequence: Late afternoon, Marcello, his photographer friend Paparazzo , and Emma drive to the outskirts of Rome to cover the story of the purported sighting of the Madonna by two children. Although the Catholic Church is officially skeptical, a huge crowd of devotees and reporters gathers at the site. 3rd Night Sequence: That night, the event is broadcast over Italian radio and television. Blindly following the two children from corner to corner in a downpour, the crowd tears a small tree apart for its branches and leaves said to have sheltered the Madonna. Meanwhile, Emma prays to the Virgin Mary to be given sole possession of Marcello\'s heart. 3rd Dawn Sequence: The gathering ends at dawn with the crowd mourning a sick child, a pilgrim brought by his mother to be healed, but trampled to death in the melee.  4th Night Sequence: One evening, Marcello and Emma attend a gathering at Steiner’s luxurious home where they are introduced to a group of intellectuals who recite poetry, strum the guitar, offer philosophical ideas, and listen to sounds of nature recorded on tape. While one of the women declares it better not to get married so that one does not need to choose, Marcello responds that it is better to be chosen than to choose. Emma appears enchanted with Steiner\'s home and children, telling Marcello that one day he will have a home like Steiner\'s. Outside on the terrace, Marcello confesses to Steiner his admiration for all he stands for, but Steiner admits he is torn between the security that a materialistic life affords and his longing for a more spiritual albeit insecure way of life. Steiner philosophizes about the need for love in the world and fears what his children may grow up to face one day.  5th Day Sequence: Marcello spends the afternoon working on his novel at a seaside restaurant where he meets Paola , a young waitress from Perugia playing Perez Prado\'s cha-cha Patricia on the jukebox and then humming its tune. He asks her if she has a boyfriend, then describes her as an angel in Umbrian paintings.  5th Night Sequence: Marcello meets his father  visiting Rome on the Via Veneto. With Paparazzo, they go to the Cha-Cha-Cha Club where Marcello introduces his father to Fanny , a beautiful dancer and one of his past one-night stands . Fanny takes a liking to his father. Marcello tells Paparazzo that as a child he had never seen much of his father, who would spend weeks away from home. Fanny invites Marcello’s father back to her flat, and two other dancers invite the two younger men to go with them. Marcello leaves the others when they get to the dancers\' neighborhood. Fanny comes out of her house, upset that Marcello\'s father has gotten ill. 4th Dawn Sequence: Marcello\'s father has suffered what seems to be a mild heart attack. Marcello wants him to stay with him in Rome so they can get to know each other, but his father, weakened, wants to go home and gets in a taxi to catch the first train home. He leaves Marcello forlorn, on the street, watching the taxi leave.  6th Night Sequence: Marcello, Nico , and other friends met on the Via Veneto are driven to a castle owned by aristocrats at Bassano di Sutri outside Rome. There is already a party long in progress, and the party-goers are bleary-eyed and intoxicated. By chance, Marcello meets Maddalena again. The two of them explore a suite of ruins annexed to the castle. Maddalena seats Marcello in a vast room and then closets herself in another room connected by an echo chamber. As a disembodied voice, Maddalena asks him to marry her; Marcello professes his love for her, avoiding answering her proposal. Another man kisses and embraces Maddalena, who loses interest in Marcello. He rejoins the group, and eventually spends the night with Jane , an American artist and heiress. 5th Dawn Sequence: Burnt out and bleary-eyed, the group returns at dawn to the main section of the castle, to be met by the matriarch of the castle, who is on her way to mass, accompanied by priests in a procession.  7th Night Sequence: Marcello and Emma are alone in his sports car on an isolated road. Emma starts an argument by protesting her love, and tries to get out of the car; Marcello pleads with her not to get out. Emma says that Marcello will never find another woman who loves him the way she does. Marcello becomes enraged at her, telling her that he cannot live with her maternal and smothering love. He now wants her to get out of the car, and she refuses. With some violence , he throws her out of the car and drives off. She is left alone on a dark, lonely road, in the dark. After some hours , Emma is still alone on the road, holding flowers, when she hears his car approaching. She gets in the car without saying a word. 6th Dawn Sequence: Marcello and Emma are asleep in bed, tenderly intertwined; Marcello receives a phone call. He rushes to the Steiners\' apartment and learns that Steiner has killed himself and his two children. 6th Day Sequence: After waiting with the police for Steiner’s wife to return home, he meets her outside to break the terrible news while paparazzi swarm around her snapping pictures.  8th Night Sequence: An unspecified amount of time later, an older Marcello--now with gray in his hair-- and a group of partygoers break into a Fregene beach house owned by Riccardo, a friend of Marcello\'s. To celebrate her recent divorce from Riccardo, Nadia performs a striptease to Perez Prado\'s cha-cha Patricia. The drunken Marcello attempts to provoke the other partygoers into an orgy. Due to their inebriated states, however, the party descends into mayhem with Marcello throwing pillow feathers around the room as he rides a young woman crawling on her hands and knees. Riccardo shows up at the house and angrily tells the partiers to leave.  7th Dawn Sequence: The party proceeds to the beach at dawn where they find a modern-day leviathan, a bloated, stingray-like creature, caught in the fishermen\'s nets.The fish is not specified in the film script nor identified by critics or biographers. Set designer Piero Gherardi described his creation as "a kind of huge beast with blobs of plaster all over it like veal tripe. For eyes I gave it convex enlarging lenses". Alpert, 141. Cf. Kezich, 204-205 and Bondanella, 144 In his stupor, Marcello comments on how its eyes stare even in death. 7th Day Sequence: Paola, the adolescent waitress from the seaside restaurant in Fregene, calls to Marcello from across an estuary but the words they exchange are lost on the wind, drowned out by the crash of the waves. He signals his inability to understand what she is saying or interpret her gestures. He shrugs and returns to the partygoers; one of the women joins him and they hold hands as they walk away from the beach. In a long final close-up, Paola waves to Marcello then stands watching him with an enigmatic smile.'] ["Manhattan press agent Sidney Falco  has been unable to get his clients mentioned in J.J. Hunsecker's  influential, nationally syndicated newspaper column of late because of Falco's failure to make good on a promise to break up the romance between Hunsecker's younger sister Susan  and musician Steve Dallas , an up-and-coming jazz guitarist.<ref name Dirks | first  | title  Filmsite | pages  | publisher  | url  2009-04-16 }} Falco is losing money and clients. Given one last chance by the bullying, intimidating Hunsecker, he schemes to plant a false rumor in a rival column that Dallas is a dope-smoking Communist, then encourages Hunsecker to rescue Dallas's reputation, certain that the headstrong boyfriend will reject Hunsecker's favor and end up looking bad to Susan. The plan works, in a way -- Dallas can't resist insulting Hunsecker's methods, and, forced to choose between them, the timid Susan breaks up with Dallas in order to protect him from her brother. Hunsecker, however, is enraged by Dallas's insults to him after a brief confrontation. He decides to ruin the boy after all  and wants to have marijuana planted on the musician, then have him arrested and roughed up by corrupt police Lt. Harry Kello . He grabs her just as her brother walks in, but Hunsecker, encouraged by Susan's silence, accuses Falco of trying to assault Susan. In a climactic confrontation, Falco reveals to Susan that it was her brother who ordered him to destroy Dallas's reputation and their relationship. Hunsecker makes a call to Kello to come after Falco, who tries to flee but is caught in Times Square by the brutal cop. Back in the penthouse, Susan, her bags packed, admits to her brother that she attempted to commit suicide, considering death preferable to living with JJ. She walks out on him, saying that she will go to Dallas and tells Hunsecker that she pities, rather than hates him."] ['Kika , a young, bubbly aspiring actress turned cosmetologist, is called to the cottage of Nicholas Pierce , an American freelance writer who has moved to Spain to write about game hunting, to make-up the corpse of his stepson, Ramón , before notifying the authorities. The circumstances of Ramón\'s "death" are rather suspicious, but Kika does not raise an issue of them and performs her work on Ramón. It turns out that he is not dead, and is actually catatonic. He is revived by Kika\'s attentions; soon after Ramón tells her the story of his life: he is a lingerie photographer who hasn\'t coped with the suspicious death of his mother, for which he blames Nicholas . Feeling empathic to Ramón, and in part turned on by the whole experience, she decides to move in with him. While living with Ramón, Kika has a secret affair with Nicholas. She feels sorry for Ramón, but is turned off by his constant melancholy moods. To complicate things, he has to evade the constant intrusive gaze of tabloid-TV star -and Ramon\'s former psychologist- Andrea Caracortada , who is also a former lover of Nicolás\', and who stalks him since they broke up. Andrea, who wears costumes designed by Jean Paul Gaultier on and off the air, has become obsessed with obtaining morbid topics for her tabloid TV show . She assumes that hanging around Ramón and Nicholas will eventually lead to some juicy news item. Kika and Ramón\'s part-time maid  is the sister of Paul Bazzo , a former porn actor with a low IQ who has just escaped from jail. Paul received a good conduct leave, and attended the Good Friday procession at San Vicente de la Sonsierra, a small town in Spain renowned for having penitents, commonly called "Los Pica\'os" , self-flagellate during the event. Disguised himself as a penitent , Paul escapes custody and takes shelter at his sister\'s workplace. Kika happens to be sound asleep in her bedroom. After asking his sister for money and manhandling her breasts  he finds Kika lying in bed while wearing no panties. He then rapes her while she\'s asleep. She wakes up, and notices Paul on top of her. She wants him to leave. An anonymous tip to two clumsy police officers leads them to investigate the rape while it is still taking place. By the time they reach the place, Paul is being pulled off Kika by two people while she\'s still holding on to him. He unlocks himself from her, goes to the roof of the building, and masturbates to relieve himself while Andrea is coincidentally entering the building, various stories below. A drop of semen falls on her face. Kika, who is humiliated by the experience, relives her humiliation once more when Andrea gets a hold of a videotape featuring her rape by Paul and shows it on her television show, and plans to leave the city for good.'] ['When an unnamed president of the United States is caught in a closed room making advances on an underage "Firefly Girl"  less than two weeks before re-election, Conrad Brean , a top notch spin-doctor, is brought in to try to take the public attention away from the scandal. He decides to construct a fake war with Albania, hoping the media will concentrate on this instead. In order to come up with his \'war\', he contacts a Hollywood producer named Stanley Motss , who brings in a series of specialists who help construct a theme song, build up interest, and fake some footage of an orphan in Albania. The plan\'s setbacks, including an error that led to seizing a criminally insane Army prison convict  to be their "hero" who was "shot down behind enemy lines," do not disturb Motss, who repeatedly claims "this is nothing" while comparing the situation to past movie-making catastrophes he averted. In the end, with the election having taken place and the president re-elected, everything seems fine until Motss finds out from the news outlets that the media are crediting the president\'s win to his tired campaign slogan of "Don\'t change horses in mid stream" rather than Motss\'s elaborate plans. Motss announces that he will call the media to "set them straight," despite Brean\'s warning that he is "toying with his life." When Motss refuses to back down, Brean has him killed and makes it look as if he had a heart attack while tanning next to his pool. The film ends with a news report about a violent incident in Albania, but it is unclear whether this is a true event or simply a continuation of the fictional war.'] ['Set in a Baltimore neighborhood known for having the thickest local accent, Pecker tells the story of an unassuming 18-year-old who works in a sandwich shop and takes photos of his loving but peculiar family and friends on the side. Pecker , so named for his childhood habit of "pecking" at his food, stumbles into fame when his work is "discovered" by a savvy New York art dealer, Rorey Wheeler . Pecker\'s pictures — grainy, out-of-focus studies of unglamorous subjects — are far from professional, but they strike a chord with New York art collectors. Unfortunately, instant over-exposure has its downside. Rorey\'s efforts to turn Pecker into an art sensation threaten to ruin the low-key lifestyle that was his inspiration. Pecker finds that his best friend, Matt , can\'t shoplift anymore now that Pecker\'s photographs have increased his profile. Shelley , Pecker\'s obsessive girlfriend who runs a laundromat, seems especially distressed when the press dub her a "stain goddess" and mistake her good-natured "pin-up" poses for pornographic come-ons. When his family is dubbed "culturally challenged" by an overzealous critic, they begin to feel the uncomfortable glare of stardom. Pecker\'s mother  is no longer free to dispense fashion tips to the homeless clientele at her thrift shop. Pecker\'s grandmother, Memama , endures public ridicule when her experience with a talking statue of the Virgin Mary is exposed on the cover of a national art magazine. Tina , Pecker\'s fag hag older sister, is fired from her job emceeing go-go dancing at a gay bar because Pecker\'s edgy photographs chronicle the sex practices of the club\'s patrons. Even Little Chrissy , his six-year-old sister, feels the pressure of celebrity when her eating disorder is exposed, bringing unwanted attention from nosy child welfare agencies  After Pecker\'s newfound fame disrupts the lives of his family and friends, Pecker turns the tables on the art world by refusing to participate in a scheduled show at the Whitney Museum of Art. Instead, he forces New York art collectors to come to Baltimore to see his latest photographs, which portray the same people who disparaged his family in an unflattering light  Pecker is then asked what he plans to do next. He replies that he would like to direct a film.'] ['Honey Whitlock  is a Hollywood A-list actress whose public persona is that of a sweet and considerate woman, but who is demanding and mean. She regularly uses profane language and makes unreasonable demands. While in Baltimore to attend a premiere, Honey is kidnapped by the manic film director, Cecil B. Demented  and his band of misfit, Andy Warhol-worshiping artists who have branded themselves "kamikaze filmmakers", going by the group name "SprocketHoles". Each of the SprocketHoles, having infiltrated the staff of the theatre where the premiere is to take place; they subsequently kidnap Honey as she concludes her remarks on stages. In the ensuing mayhem, the group escapes. Honey is taken to an abandoned movie theatre where she\'s kept captive. Honey is introduced to Cecil\'s crew of outlandish followers, all of whom have the names of famous film makers tattooed on themselves as well as their own uniquely outlandish quirks. Cecil explains that he wants to make his masterpiece film and needs Honey to star as the lead. Honey first resists and shoots scenes with no emotion but when Cecil demands better results, Honey gives an over the top performance in the movie\'s opening scene which pleases him. Apart from the first scene Cecil, Honey and the crew run around the city, filming scenes at real  locations, often involving innocent bystanders in the process. The group\'s first location is a luncheon being hosted by the Baltimore Film Commission. The group crashes the event. Cecil orders Honey to jump off the roof of a nearby building, which she does without safety measures. A gunfight ensues between Cecil\'s crew and the police. As gunfire is exchanged, Rodney the hairdresser is killed and Cecil is wounded. Honey uses the opportunity to turn herself into the authorities and they take her away in a police car but she is rescued soon after. As Honey seems to become more comfortable with her situation, possibly developing Stockholm Syndrome, she watches a television special discussing her disappearance. Persons who knew her, including her ex-husband , are interviewed and come clean about how mean-spirited she truly was. Honey now realizes that her desire to escape would only lead her back to Hollywood, where she is hated for being rude. She resists the idea of joining Cecil\'s followers but changes her mind and declares herself "Demented forever", burning a brand into her arm and officially joining the motley crew. After these events, the crew invades the set of the Forrest Gump sequel being filmed in Baltimore, at Honey\'s suggestion. When the crew arrives they subdue and replace many of the film\'s crew. A gunfight breaks out between Cecil\'s friends and teamsters who have got free. Members of Cecil\'s crew are ethier killed or wounded. The surviving Sprocketholes and Honey flee to a nearby pornographic theatre and seek refuge inside. The audience helps Cecil escape. At their last location, Cecil is shooting the final scene at a local drive-in while law enforcement are alerted. Cecil and the crew take over the projection room and he proceeds to excite the crowd into a frenzy. He asks Honey to light her hair on fire for the final shot . With the film finished, the Sprocketholes start having sex in public before the authorities step in. Cecil sets himself completely ablaze as police arrive to give Honey a chance to run away. In the ensuing chaos, some crew members escape with the raw film footage while others are shot. Honey is taken into custody and is taken aback from the new affection and devotion people have for her as she goes into the police van.'] ['Ricky Hayman  and Kate Newell  work at the  Good Buy Shopping Network, a home shopping channel run by John McBainbridge . Sales have been down over the last two years under Ricky\'s management, and Kate was brought in to come up with new ideas. Ricky views Kate as a threat and she expresses her dislike for him as well. However, John has given Ricky an ultimatum to increase sales, or lose his job. While out driving one day, Ricky and Kate come across a strange man who calls himself "G" . G is unusual in that he wears white robes and is perpetually happy and smiling. He seems to sense how troubled Ricky is, and follows them back to the Good Buy studio. G wanders onto the set of an infomercial, and while he is on the air, the number of calls increases with customers wanting to buy something. Kate notices this and gets G his own spot on the network selling items. Meanwhile, the mutual dislike between Ricky and Kate has faded and they begin to express romantic interest in each other. G\'s infomercials are mostly spontaneous anecdotes or thoughts about life, but customers connect with him and even the slowest-moving items begin selling out. While staying at Ricky\'s house, he enters a party of businessmen and displays his talents by making a Rolex watch "disappear" and curing another man of his fear of flying. Ricky begins marketing G\'s name on other items to increase sales. He wants to give G his own show, but the stressful work environment and throngs of fans who want to meet him begin to take its toll. G is no longer the happy, inspiring man he once was, and when Kate tries to convince John to let G leave the network, he refuses and she quits out of contempt. Ricky reaps the benefits of the increased sales, receiving a large promotion and a new office. However, the rewards seem hollow due to G\'s lethargy and Kate\'s rejection of him. On the night of the premiere of G\'s new show, Ricky searches himself and decides that letting G go is the right choice. He announces his decision to the studio audience and to his boss. Kate hears of his decision and forgives Ricky, racing back to the studio to be with him. They have a romantic reunion on the air, and the show is ended. Afterwards, Ricky and Kate say their goodbyes to the fully recovered G, who wanders off into the distance to continue his pilgrimage.'] ['The plot follows an idealistic writer  as he tries to navigate his TV pilot down the mine-laden path from script to production to the madness of prime-time scheduling — all while trying to stay true to his vision. Along the way he has to juggle the agendas of a headstrong network president , volatile young stars, a pregnant wife  and an ever-optimistic personal manager .'] ["When Wanda Holloway was a teen, her father forbade her to try out for her school's cheerleading team. Many years later, when Wanda had a daughter of her own, she was determined that her daughter would fulfill the dream she was denied and become a cheerleader--which would allow Wanda to make up that part of her childhood by reliving it through her daughter. The film takes place in Channelview, Texas. Wanda enrolls her daughter, Shanna, in various dance and gymnastics classes in order to enhance her prospects of becoming a cheerleader. She forces Shanna to practice for hours on end, despite sickness or injury. Wanda's best friend, Verna Heath, and her daughter, Amber, live next door to the Holloway family. Amber is the same age as Shanna and the two teenagers become friends. Verna had been a successful varsity cheerleader when she was young and holds the same ambition as Wanda for her own daughter. Leading up to the cheer-leading tryouts, jealousy sparks between Wanda and Verna, despite the fact that their daughters' friendship remains solid. In the months prior to the tryouts, Wanda forces Shanna to concentrate completely on cheer-leading. At the tryouts, Amber impresses the judges but Shanna is unable to, despite all of her training. Amber makes the squad and Shanna does not, disappointing both Shanna and Wanda. The fact that Shanna did not make it onto the team causes Amber to end the friendship between Verna and Wanda. Wanda, however, does not give up on seeing her daughter become a cheerleader and decides to try again next year. Every day until next year's try outs, Shanna practices frequently at her mother's command. When the time arrives, Amber makes the team and is even promoted to co-captain, but Shanna is disqualified, due to her mother's attempts to bribe the judges and other students. The shock of her daughter's failure for the second time puts Wanda into a mad fit of rage, anger, and jealousy. Wanda decides that if it was not for Amber, Shanna would have definitely been a cheerleader. She becomes obsessed with the notion that living next door to talented Amber had sapped Shanna's confidence and ruined her chances of success. Wanda meets her brother-in-law Terry to take a hit out on Amber and Verna. However, Terry is horrified by Wanda's hate for a 13-year-old girl. He disagrees with the murder of a young vibrant girl - especially over something as petty as cheer-leading. After the rendezvous, Terry decides to turn in Wanda to the police. He meets Wanda again, this time with a tape recorder in order to obtain proof of Wanda's desire to commit homicide. Terry sends the recorded message, along with background information, to the police. Wanda is arrested and sentenced to 15 years in prison, but is set free when it is discovered that a member of the jury at her trial was on probation. Wanda serves only six months for the attempted murder of Amber. In the end, Shanna decides it would be best to quit trying for the cheerleading team. Presently, Shanna and Wanda reside in California, where Shanna is taking modelling, singing and acting classes. Wanda hopes that one day, her daughter will be a famous Hollywood actress, no matter what it takes."] ['Cliff Spab  and his friend Joe Dice  go out one evening to buy some beer in a convenience store. While there, a group of masked and heavily armed terrorists take Cliff, Joe, and three other people hostage. The terrorists, who call themselves S.P.L.T. Image, have a video camera, and they tape their hostages. During the month-long standoff with the police, S.P.L.T. Image\'s only demand is that their broadcasts be televised on worldwide television live and uncut, or else the hostages will be killed. After two of the hostages are killed, Cliff, Joe and another hostage—a young teenage girl named Wendy Pfister —are the only ones left. After 36 days, Cliff becomes indifferent to being killed, and he says repeatedly, "So fucking what?", in reply to his captors\' threats to kill him. Because of the coverage, this makes Cliff a media icon. The movie skips forward, picking up in the hospital. Cliff, we learn, had shot his way to freedom, at the cost of a bullet in his shoulder, and—more significantly—Joe\'s life. Despite Joe\'s death, Cliff is branded a hero for saving Wendy and killing all the terrorists. He\'s picked up from the hospital by his brother Scott  and taken home, where Cliff soon becomes uncomfortable. He does not appreciate either the reporters camped outside his front lawn, nor his parents, who welcome him home awkwardly. Cliff cannot stand the presence of his domineering father and weak-willed mother, and he flees their house. But on the street, he finds that his life cannot go back to what it was before the convenience store. His line—abbreviated as S.F.W.—is on banners, newspapers, CDs, and on billboard advertisements. At the fast food restaurant where he works, called Burger Boy, he finds his name and image on the board with a "Special 36¢ Cliff Spab Burger" being marketed in commemoration of his 36 days in captivity. Cliff flees to the home of Joe\'s older sister Monica , who tells Cliff that she resents that he has gotten all the media attention, whereas her brother, who got killed during the siege, has not gotten any sympathy or even attention from anyone. After spending a night of empty passion with Monica, Cliff leaves in the morning. Cliff calls upon his best friend Morrow Streeter  to help him. Morrow takes Cliff to hide out in the elegant home of his sister Janet , a lawyer who gives Cliff some advice. She advises that he should not pass up any opportunity to exploit his fame for personal gain. Alienated with life, Cliff leaves the following day by hitchhiking out of Los Angeles. He gets a ride with a disaffected couple who confide with him about their marital troubles; this inspires Cliff not to run from his problems since they will only follow him. Cliff decides to take advantage of his newfound fame, first by checking into a fancy hotel, and then holding press conferences, making public appearances, and holding autograph signings—all generally portraying him as a rebel. But Cliff\'s real desire is to find Wendy, whom he also sees on the news. Wendy, however, is refusing to comment about the ordeal in the convenience store. Cliff eventually manages to track her down. Soon, a romantic attraction develops, but their relationship is hampered by reporters and paparazzi tailing both of them. One evening, Cliff slips out of his hotel room, meets with Wendy, and they travel to the location of the convenience store siege, where they find that the building has been closed down and boarded up as a crime scene. After reminiscing how he and Joe managed to overpower their captors, and killed all of them in a huge gunfight where Joe was killed and Cliff was wounded, Cliff then tells Wendy he only wishes that he could just give up all this fame and celebrity status so the two of them can have a quiet romantic life together. A few days later, during a public appearance at a local high school, Cliff and Wendy arrive in the school auditorium to a cheering crowd of students. All of them are standing and chanting Cliff\'s line, "So fucking what!", except for one distraught looking student. Her name is Barbara Wyler, nicknamed "Babs" . Babs just sits silently, looking angry. She eventually stands up after pulling a gun out of her bag, points it at Cliff and Wendy on the stage and yells, "Everything matters!" Babs opens fire, seriously wounding both Cliff and Wendy. Media attention now switches to Babs Wyler, who is arrested, booked, and indicted for this crime. Her line of "Everything matters" becomes the new public catchphrase, replacing Cliff\'s "S.F.W." line. As reporters and media people talk about Babs\' actions, the wounded Cliff and Wendy, now in the hospital, are relieved that their ordeal with the media is over, and they now can slip away to re-start their romance with their new found privacy.'] ['Takeshis progresses through the nested storyline of the dual protagonists, Beat Takeshi and Mr. Kitano . Beat Takeshi, a prominent actor, meets a look-alike named Mr. Kitano, who is a struggling actor. After the meeting, Mr. Kitano\'s dreams take a violent, surreal turn. The film opens with a nightmare vision. American soldiers with carbines move down the fallen base filled up with bodies of Japanese combatants. One of dying combatants appears to be  Takeshi. This opening scene is followed by the gun battle of a yakuza film where one of the protagonists, \'Beat\' Takeshi, plays the principal role. Flashbacks of this gun battle are frequently used throughout the film. \'Beat\' Takeshi is a showbiz star. He lives through business in film studio and TV stations where main casts appear in one of their dual roles (Takeshi\'s Girlfriend , Takeshi\'s Manager , and Takeshi\'s former partner of stand-up comedy . The first appearance sequence of \'Beat\' Takeshi also introduces some repetitive motives of Takeshis. (The caterpillar in a bouquet, a female impersonator of taishū engeki , tap dancers in a rehearsal set, Akihiro Miwa  Mr. Kitano, the other protagonist, appears in a clown costume among the guys in a wardrobe of TV station. Mr. Kitano is an everyman, obsessed with his appearance identical to \'Beat\' Takeshi. When two Takeshis encounter for the first time, Mr. Kitano seeks his heartthrob charisma\'s autograph. \'Beat\' Takeshi gives the autograph to him ironically. Kitano, earning a living as a convenience store clerk, never gets ahead as an actor. He begins to fantasize himself as \'Beat\' Takeshi in daydreams. Fragments of surreal dream crosses over into his life. We see bizarre things accompanied by dead bodies on the road while he is moonlighting as a taxi driver. Kitano then happens to pick up a gun at a yakuza quarrel. He shoots first his yakuza neighbor , and begins to kill people around his world. The film implies it is some kind of a dream, showing deceased guys appear again in blood and yell alive normally. Kitano takes out his female neighbor  and commits a bank robbery. Accomplishing his fantasies of acting like a movie star \'Beat\' Takeshi, Kitano takes a journey into the absolutely bizarre, surreal world (an underground nightclub, night gun battles, and the catastrophe at a [[Boiling Point . Cut suddenly back to Kitano\'s real life where he is still confused himself and \'Beat\' Takeshi. He finds the movie star\'s autograph greeting, "Hello Mr. Clown!". It triggers \'Beat\' Takeshi\'s assassination by Mr. Kitano. Cut suddenly again back to a close-up of \'Beat\' Takeshi, which implies all of the film might be a dream of \'Beat\' Takeshi. The film ends with flashback images of an American Soldier and the gun battle of a yakuza film at the beginning.'] ['Charlie Chan and his son Tommy investigate the shenanigans that results from a furtive gang trying to steal radar secrets from a radio station.'] ['A serial killer is on the loose in a Los Angeles suburb, and a television repairman with a pronounced limp named Horace Pinker  becomes the prime suspect. When the investigating detective, Lt. Don Parker ([[Michael Murphy , gets too close, Pinker murders Parker\'s wife, daughter, and his biological son. However, his adopted son Jonathan  develops a strange connection to Pinker through his dreams and leads Parker to Pinker\'s rundown shop. In a shootout in which several officers are killed, Pinker manages to escape. He targets Jonathan\'s girlfriend Allison  in retribution. Another dream leads Lt. Parker and the police to Pinker, who is in the midst of a kidnapping. This time, just as Pinker is about to kill Jonathan, he is arrested. Pinker is quickly convicted and sentenced to die in the electric chair. Prior to his execution, Pinker reveals that Jonathan is, in fact, his son, and that as a boy, Jonathan had shot him in the knee while trying to stop the murder of his mother. But what they do not realize is that Pinker has made a "deal with the devil". When he is executed, he does not actually die but instead becomes pure electricity, and is able to possess others  to continue his murderous ways. He soon possesses Lt. Don Parker. Parker uses his strength to fight off Pinker, who escapes into a T.V. dish. Jonathan and his friends try to find a way to fight him. Eventually, Jonathan, with the aid of Alison\'s "spirit", devises a scheme to bring Pinker back into the real world and accidentally discovers that Pinker, as with all energy sources, is bound by the laws of the real world and uses this limitation to defeat him. Pinker threatens Jonathan that he will find a way out of his "prison". The film ends when Alison\'s voice tells Jonathan to take care of himself, while Jonathan\'s neighborhood suffers a blackout.'] ['Although the film does not have a linear plot, a skeletal structure exists, telling the same story from three different perspectives divided into three acts.  The film\'s main character is Fletcher Munson , an office employee working under Theodore Azimuth Schwitters, the leader of a self-help company/religion/lifestyle known as Eventualism, a clear reference to L. Ron Hubbard and Scientology. The audience sees the events unfold in the opening act through Fletcher\'s point of view. Fletcher sees the underlying meaning in everything, paying more attention to what is meant, rather than what is said. As he progresses through his day the audience sees the lack of attention he is paying to the people around him, degrading to the point where he comes home for dinner and he and his wife illustrate their lack of communication by simply describing what they are saying. :Fletcher: Generic greeting. :Wife: Generic greeting returned. :Fletcher: Imminent sustenance. :Wife: Overly dramatic statement regarding upcoming meal. :Fletcher: Oooh, false reaction indicating hunger and excitement! When Fletcher\'s co-worker Lester Richards  unexpectedly dies, Fletcher must take his job as speechwriter for Schwitters. His personal life suffers because of his work, and he becomes even more detached from his wife, who is trying to cope by having an affair. Meanwhile, Elmo Oxygen, a local exterminator, spends much of his time going from house to house, bedding the bored housewives of the community, and taking pictures of his genitals using various cameras he finds on tables and in cabinets. Elmo and those around him speak in a nonsensical code that, for all its complexity, conveys meaning perfectly. As Elmo makes his rounds, he is followed by a couple in an SUV. Fletcher finishes this act by making an honest mistake in a parking lot. Finding that his key will not work, he looks around and finds that his car  is an exact match for the one he is trying to get into. He goes to enter his own car when he sees a man who is his exact double climb into the car he himself just tried to enter. Fletcher follows his doppelganger home and closes his eyes and becomes this mystery man.  The second act follows the doppelganger, one Dr. Jeffrey Korchek. Korchek is a conservative dentist who has been mentioned by one or two smaller characters in the first act. He is always in a jogging suit, although he only jogs from his car to the door of wherever he is going. He is also quite a fan of Muzak. Korchek, it turns out, is the mystery man that Fletcher\'s wife has been having an affair with, causing Fletcher/Korchek to comment, "Oh no. I\'m having an affair with my wife!" Despite being with, essentially, the same man, Mrs. Munson seems to feel comfortable with Dr. Korchek. The communication is better and she feels needed and wanted. Korchek suggests she leave Fletcher and move in with him. Mrs. Munson says she will think about it. The next day, Dr. Korchek has breakfast with his heroin addict brother, who first asks to stay with Korchek, and then asks to borrow money. Korchek says he cannot and that his brother should not be dealing with the drug dealers anyway. The brother tries to see it from this perspective, but they cannot see eye to eye on this one. Korchek goes to work. Once there he meets Attractive Woman Number 2 . Korchek falls instantly in love with her and writes a letter professing his love. :"Dear attractive woman number 2, only once in my life have I responded to a person the way I\'ve responded to you, but I\'ve forgotten when it was or even if it was in fact me that responded. I may not know much, but I know that the wind sings your name endlessly, although with a slight lisp that makes it difficult to understand if I\'m standing near an air conditioner. I know that your hair sits atop your head as though it could sit nowhere else. I know that your figure would make a sculptor cast aside his tools, injuring his assistant who was looking out the window instead of paying attention. I know that your lips are as full as that sexy French models that I desperately want to fuck. I know that if for an instant I could have you lie next to me, or on top of me, or sit on me, or stand over me and shake, then I would be the happiest man in my pants. I know all of this, and yet you do not know me. Change your life; accept my love. Or, at least let me pay you to accept it." He leaves this note on her door and goes home. Once there, he sees a car parked in the driveway. It is Mrs. Munson, who has considered the offer and has left Fletcher. Korchek has to admit that he has fallen in love with someone else and this probably is not going to work out. Mrs. Munson is justifiably upset and leaves. The next day Korchek gets to work and is confronted by a large man who says "Your brother, eight hours, fifteen thousand dollars." In fact, almost all of this man\'s dialog consists of some combination of these three commands. Korchek goes into the office and finds a registered letter from a law firm representing Attractive Woman Number 2, who is filing a sexual harassment suit against Dr. Korchek. The day goes from bad to worse when it is revealed that Korchek\'s brother has stolen all of his money. Broke, tired, loveless and depressed, Korchek leaves work, only to find that the large man\'s time limit has elapsed. Korchek is shot dead. Throughout this act, Elmo has been given his own action show and has given up bug spraying to become a star.  The final act is seen through the perspective of Mrs. Munson. We move through the storyline again and see her side of things, Fletcher\'s growing disaffection, Dr. Korchek\'s affection, the day-to-day routine of being a mom. The action follows roughly the same events, except that Fletcher and his doppelganger speak Japanese, Italian or French, with the cultural stereotype of each nationality reflecting Mrs Munson\'s perception of the men. This is in a similar vein to the "generic greetings" of the earlier act. Once she leaves Korchek, she makes a tired reconciliation with Fletcher and they go home together. Fletcher finishes Schwitter\'s speech and all seems to be well. The day of the speech, Schwitters mounts the podium and prepares to give the oration which is, by all accounts, quite good. He does not get to utter even a greeting, though, as Elmo, who has been missing for this entire act, bursts into the auditorium and shoots Schwitters in the chest. Schwitters survives, however, and Oxygen is arrested. After nonsensical ranting he exposes his crotch in a police interrogation. The movie ends with a pair of monologues. First, Munson is seen in a shopping mall narrating the events of the rest of his life &mdash; his wife will leave him and he will drunkenly collapse in Alaska and freeze to death. Then, Soderbergh returns and asks if there are any questions regarding the end of the film. The camera pulls back and reveals he\'s talking to an empty auditorium.  The film has no beginning or end credits. There is a single frame of copyright information at the end of the film.'] ["Where Comedy Is In Heavy Rotation 24-7 Radio finds itself at the top of the charts, yet all is not well in radio paradise as a series of quirky and mentally challenged DJ's jockey for ratings and professional success. Station Manager Wes Thomas , is trying to force an inappropriate play list on station DJ and Program Director Jordan (Marcus Chong, Matrix, [[Panther . Jordan resists the songs for music that moves the listeners. He teams up with the support of fellow DJ Venom , as a romance develops between the two. Also starring Ajai Sanders, ([[A Different World  and a special appearance by Adina Howard."] ["After getting out of prison, ex-convicts Emil Slovak  and Oleg Razgul  travel to New York City to meet a contact in order to claim their part of a bank heist in Russia . Within minutes of arriving, Oleg steals a video camera. They go to the brownstone apartment of their old partner Milos Karlova  and his wife Tamina, and demand their share. When Milos admits that he spent it, an enraged Emil kills him with a kitchen knife, then breaks Tamina's neck as Oleg tapes it with his new camera. The couple's neighbor, Daphne Handlova , witnesses everything, but she escapes before they can get to her. To cover up the crime, they douse the bodies in acetone, carefully position them on the bed, and burn down the apartment, intending to pass it off as an accident. Jordy Warsaw , an arson investigator, and NYPD detective Eddie Flemming  are called to the scene. Flemming is a high profile detective who frequently appears on the local tabloid TV show Top Story. Flemming and Warsaw decide to work the case together. They eventually determine that Milos was stabbed so hard that the knife's tip broke off and lodged in his spine. While checking out the crowd outside, Warsaw spots Daphne trying to get his attention. When he finally gets to where she was, she is gone, but Warsaw manages to produce a sketch of the witness. Emil, who got hold of Daphne's wallet when she fled the apartment earlier, realizes that Daphne is in the country illegally and will be deported if she calls the police. He contacts an escort service from a business card he found in Daphne's wallet. He asks for a Czech girl hoping she will arrive. When Honey, a regular call girl, arrives instead, he stabs and kills her, but not before getting the address of the escort service from her. Oleg tapes the entire murder. In fact, he tapes everything he can; a wannabe filmmaker, he aspires to be the next Frank Capra. Flemming and Warsaw investigate her murder, determine the link to the fire, and also visit the escort service. Rose Heam  runs the service and tells them that the girl they are looking for  does not work for her but rather a local hairdresser, and she just told the same thing to a couple other guys that were asking the same questions. Flemming and Warsaw then rush to the hairdresser but get there just after Emil and Oleg warn the girl not to say anything to anyone. As Flemming puts Daphne into his squad car, he notices Oleg taping them from across the street. A foot chase begins, culminating in Flemming's partner getting shot and his wallet stolen. Emil finds a card with Flemming's name and address in it. He gets very jealous of Flemming's celebrity status and is convinced that anyone in America can do whatever they want and get away with it. On the night that Flemming is to propose to his girlfriend Nicolette Karas , Oleg and Emil sneak into his house and knocks him unconscious, later taping him to a chair. While Oleg is recording, Emil explains his plan - he will kill Flemming, then he will sell the tape to Top Story, and when he is arrested, he will plead insanity. After being committed to an insane asylum he will declare that he is actually sane. Because of double jeopardy, he will get off, collecting the royalties from his books and movies. Flemming starts attacking them with his chair  and almost gets them but Emil stabs him in the abdomen, and putting a pillow on Flemming, killing him. The entire city is in mourning and Emil calls Robert Hawkins , the host of Top Story, to tell him he has a tape of the killing and is willing to sell it. Robert pays him a million dollars for the tape. Warsaw and the entire police force are furious with Robert and can not believe he would air it, especially since his main reporter is Nicolette. At the same time, Emil and Oleg try to kill Warsaw and Daphne by booby-trapping Daphne's apartment. The two narrowly escape the resulting fire. On the night it is aired Emil and Oleg sit in a Planet Hollywood to watch it with the rest of the public. As the clip progresses, the customers react with horror at the brutality of it, and a few begin to notice Emil and Oleg are right there with them, Oleg actually smiling at the results of his work, and panic takes place. Emil explains his betrayal to Oleg and as he about to execute Emil with a gun, Oleg stabs him in the arm. The police come in and arrest the wounded Emil, while Oleg escapes. They put Emil in Warsaw's squad car but instead of taking him to the police station, Warsaw takes him to an abandoned warehouse where he is going to kill him. The police arrive just in time and take Emil away. Everything goes as planned as Emil is now a celebrity and is pleading insanity. His lawyer agrees to work for 30% of the royalties Emil will receive for his story. Meanwhile, Oleg is jealous of the notoriety that Emil is receiving. While being led away with his lawyer and all the media, Warsaw gets into an argument with the lawyer while the Top Story crew is taping the whole thing. Oleg gives Hawkins the part of the tape where Emil explains his plan to Flemming, proving he was sane the whole time . Hawkins shouts out to Emil and explains to him the evidence he now has. Emil pushes a policeman down, takes his gun and shoots Oleg. Emil grabs Flemming's fiancée, who is covering the news story, and threatens to shoot her. He is finally cornered by the police and Warsaw. Against orders, Warsaw shoots Emil a dozen times in the chest in order to avenge Eddie's death. An officer shouts that Oleg is still alive, and Hawkins rushes to him to get footage just as Oleg says the final few words to his movie he is taping just before he dies . Shortly afterward, Hawkins approaches Warsaw and tries to cultivate the same sort of arrangement he had with Flemming, suggesting the power an arrangement would give him. In response, Warsaw punches out Hawkins and leaves the scene as the police officers smile in approval."] ['The film begins as an autobiographical look at Shore\'s early professional successes on MTV and as the star of a series of 90s comedies. Shore\'s film career leads to his taking a starring role in a vehicle on the Fox network, in which he plays the slacker son of a millionaire. The pilot of the series turns out to be a commercial and critical failure, and Shore becomes a pariah virtually overnight, with his friends distancing themselves from him for fear that it will tarnish their own careers. Shore is ultimately reduced to living in his mother\'s attic and watching pornography starring his ex-girlfriend, who will no longer see him. One night, Shore is visited by the ghost of his mentor, comic Sam Kinison, who encourages Shore to fake his own death as a means of revitalizing popularity in Pauly Shore films and merchandise. Shore decides to go through with the plan, which initially works: Once word of his "death" breaks, celebrities eager for the residual publicity begin appearing on television in large numbers to declare Shore a comic genius and lament his early death. Shore, eager to bask in the publicity, begins appearing in public wearing a disguise; he is quickly outed, arrested, and sent to prison. In prison, Shore is attacked by one of his former fans, "Bucky from Kentucky," a redneck whose world view was shattered when he learned that Shore had willingly put his own fans through the ordeal of thinking he was dead. Shore survives the attack, which causes him to realize that even though he was no longer as famous as he once was, he still had fans who loved him. Shore and Bucky have a heart-to-heart about the nature of celebrity, and Shore decides to start his career over. After getting out of prison, Shore sets about making Pauly Shore is Dead to chronicle his own rise and fall, using information he has gathered from years in Hollywood to blackmail various b-list celebrities into appearing in cameos; he reserves the information he has on a-list celebrities for the planned sequel.'] ['The overarching plot takes place over five days leading up to a political rally for Replacement Party candidate Hal Phillip Walker, who is never seen throughout the entire movie. The story follows 25 characters roaming around Nashville, in search of some sort of goal through their own  story arcs. Day One The film opens with a campaign van for presidential candidate Hal Phillip Walker driving around Nashville as an external loudspeaker blares Walker\'s folksy political aphorisms, juxtaposed with country superstar Haven Hamilton  recording an overblown patriotic song intended to commemorate the upcoming Bicentennial, and growing irritated with the accompanying musicians in the studio. An Englishwoman named Opal  who claims to be working on a documentary for the BBC appears in the studio but is told to leave by Haven. Down the hall from Haven\'s session is Linnea Reese , a white gospel singer recording a song with a black choir. Later that day, popular country singer Barbara Jean  is returning to Nashville, having recovered from a burn accident, and the elite of Nashville\'s music scene - including Haven Hamilton and his companion Lady Pearl  have converged on Berry Field to greet her plane as it arrives. Also present are Pfc. Glenn Kelly  and the popular folk trio "Bill, Mary, and Tom" who are in town to record an album. Bill  and Mary  are married, but largely unhappy, partly due to the fact that she is in love with womanizer Tom . Meanwhile, Mr. Green  arrives at the airport to pick up his niece Martha , aka "L.A. Joan", a teenage groupie who has come to Nashville ostensibly to visit her aunt Esther Green who is sick in the hospital. However, Martha repeatedly puts off visiting her aunt in favor of chasing after male musicians. Working at the airport restaurant are African-American cook Wade Cooley , and his pretty waitress friend, Sueleen Gay , an aspiring country singer who refuses to recognize that she can\'t carry a tune. After greeting the crowds on the tarmac, Barbara Jean faints due to the heat, and her handlers, headed by her domineering husband-manager Barnett , rush her to the hospital. Barbara Jean\'s appearance having been cut short, those in attendance depart the airport and wind up stranded on the highway after a pile-up occurs. During the commotion, Winifred ([[Barbara Harris , an aspiring country singer, runs away from her husband, Star , after he refuses to take her to the Grand Ole Opry. Star gives a ride to Kenny Frasier , who has just arrived in town carrying a violin case. Opal takes advantage of the traffic jam to interview first Linnea and then Tommy Brown , an African-American country singer who is performing at the Opry. Tommy and his entourage go to Lady Pearl\'s club but Wade, who is drinking and trying to pick up white girls at the bar, insults Tommy for being too "white" and starts a fight. Linnea\'s husband Del Reese  is working with political organizer John Triplette ([[Michael Murphy  to plan a small fundraiser and a large outdoor concert gala for the Walker campaign. Sueleen appears at a local club\'s open mike night in a provocative outfit, and despite her lack of singing ability, club manager Trout  recommends her to Triplette for the fundraiser based on her appearance. Winifred shows up at Trout\'s club trying to recruit musicians to record a demo with her, but Star sees her and chases her out. Del invites Triplette for family dinner with Linnea and their two deaf children. Linnea and Del are having communications problems and she focuses on the children rather than on him. In the middle of dinner, Tom calls trying to make a date with Linnea, but she puts him off, so he takes Opal back to his room instead. Pfc. Kelly sneaks into Barbara Jean\'s hospital room and sits in the chair by her bed all night, watching her sleep. Day Two Tom calls Linnea again but, with Del listening on the other line, Linnea yells at Tom and tells him not to call her any more. Kenny rents a room from Mr. Green. Haven Hamilton throws a pre-show party at his house before the evening\'s Grand Ole Opry performance. At the party, Triplette tries to persuade Haven to perform at the Walker gala by telling him that if Walker is elected, Walker would back Haven for state governor. Haven says he\'ll give Triplette his decision after the Opry show that night. Later, Tommy Brown, Haven, and Connie White  all perform at the Opry. Connie is substituting for the hospitalized Barbara Jean. Winifred tries unsuccessfully to get backstage. At the hospital, Barbara Jean and Barnett have an argument because he is going to the after-show gathering to thank Connie for substituting at the last minute. Barbara Jean doesn\'t want him to go and he accuses her of having another nervous breakdown like she did previously. Barnett finally subdues Barbara Jean and leaves, but Connie doesn\'t seem happy to see him. Haven tells Triplette that Barbara Jean and Connie never appear on the same stage, and that he  will appear anyplace Barbara Jean also appears. Bill gets upset when his wife Mary doesn\'t show up all evening; she is sleeping with Tom. Day Three It is Sunday morning and the characters are shown attending various Catholic and Protestant church services. At the hospital chapel, Barbara Jean sings a hymn from her wheelchair while Mr. Green and Pfc. Kelly, among others, watch. Mr. Green tells Kelly how he and his wife lost their son in WWII. Opal wanders alone through a huge auto scrapyard making free-form poetic speeches about the cars into her tape recorder. Haven, Tommy Brown and their families attend the stock car races, where Winifred also attempts to sing on a small stage but cannot be heard. Bill and Mary argue in their hotel room and are interrupted by Triplette, who wants to recruit them for the Walker concert gala. Tom tries to get chauffeur Norman  to score him some pills. Day Four Opal walks alone through a large school bus parking lot making more strange observations into her tape recorder. Barbara Jean is discharged from the hospital at the same time Mr. Green shows up to visit his sick wife. Barbara Jean asks after his wife and sends her regards. After Barbara Jean and her entourage have left, a nurse tells Mr. Green his wife died earlier that morning. Back at Mr. Green\'s house, Kenny gets upset when Martha tries to look at his violin case. Barbara Jean performs at Opryland USA. Triplette and Del attend and try to convince Barnett to have Barbara Jean play the Walker concert gala at the Parthenon the next day, but he refuses. Barbara Jean gets through the first couple of songs all right, but then begins to tell rambling stories about her childhood instead of starting the next song. After several false starts, Barnett escorts her from the stage and tells the disappointed audience that they can come to the Parthenon tomorrow and see Barbara Jean perform for free, thus committing her to the Walker concert. Tom calls Linnea and invites her to meet him that night at a club where he is playing. Linnea arrives but sits by herself because Martha is trying to pick Tom up. Mary and Bill are also there, and Opal sits with them and talks about how she slept with Tom, causing Mary to become upset. Wade tries unsuccessfully to pick up Linnea, while Norman tries equally unsuccessfully to pick up Opal. Tom sings "I\'m Easy" and Linnea, moved, goes back to his room where they make love. When Linnea needs to leave, Tom calls another woman and has a romantic conversation within Linnea\'s earshot while she is getting dressed to go home. Sueleen appears at the all-male Walker fundraiser, but is booed off the stage when she sings poorly and doesn\'t take off her clothes. Del and Triplette explain that the men expect her to strip and that if she does so, they will let her sing the next day at the Parthenon with Barbara Jean. Sueleen is visibly upset but strips anyway. Winifred shows up at the fundraiser hoping to get a chance to sing, but after she sees what is going on, she stays hidden behind a curtain. Del drives Sueleen home and drunkenly comes on to her, but she is rescued by Wade. After he hears what happened, Wade tells Sueleen she can\'t sing and asks her to go back to Detroit with him the next day. Sueleen refuses because she is determined to sing at the Parthenon with Barbara Jean. Day Five The performers, audience and Walker and his entourage arrive for the Parthenon concert. In the performing lineup are Haven, Barbara Jean, Linnea and her choir, Bill, Mary and Tom, Sueleen, and Winifred who has shown up again hoping for a chance to sing. Barnett gets upset because Barbara Jean will have to perform in front of a large Walker advertisement, but has to go along with it because his wife\'s career will be harmed if he pulls her out of the show. Mr. Green and Kenny attend Esther Green\'s burial service and Mr. Green leaves angrily, vowing to find Martha  and make her show some respect to her aunt. Mr. Green and Kenny go to the Parthenon to look for Martha. The Walker gala starts and Haven and Barbara Jean perform a song together, then Barbara Jean sings a solo song. At the end of the song, Kenny takes a gun from his violin case and shoots Haven and Barbara Jean. Pfc. Kelly disarms Kenny as chaos breaks out. Barbara Jean is carried bleeding and unconscious from the stage. Haven tries to calm the crowd by exhorting them to sing. As he is led from the stage for treatment of his wounds, he hands the microphone off to Winifred, who begins to sing "It Don\'t Worry Me" and is joined by Linnea\'s gospel choir. The film ends with the audience raptly listening to Winifred\'s song - she has finally gotten her big break.'] ['Cynical ad executive B. D. Tucker  is desperate not to lose the account of the financially ailing Norbecker Brewery. When three losers  inadvertently prevent a robbery in a bar, Tucker and her minions give them a macho image and center an entire ad campaign around them.'] ["The film revolves around three characters who work in television news. Jane Craig  is a talented producer who tries to conceal how important it is for her to be found sexually attractive by a handsome man who epitomizes everything about television news that appalls her. Jane's best friend and frequent collaborator, Aaron Altman , is a gifted writer and reporter ambitious for on-camera exposure, who is secretly in love with Jane, and embittered by her rejection of him. Tom Grunick , a local news anchorman who was up until recently a sports anchorman, is likable and telegenic, but denied respect due to his intellectual limitations, of which he is all too aware. He is attracted to Jane, although he is also intimidated by her skills and intensity."] 