['The film takes place in Koishikawa, a district of Edo , in the 19th century. Young Dr. Noboru Yasumoto  is the film\'s protagonist. Trained in a Dutch medical school in Nagasaki, the arrogant Yasumoto aspires to the status of personal physician of the Shogunate, a position currently held by a close relative; his father is already a well-established, highly competent physician. Yasumoto believes that he should progress through the safe, and well-protected, army structure of medical education. However, for Yasumoto\'s post-graduate medical training, he has been assigned to a rural clinic under the guidance of Akahige , Dr. Kyojō Niide . Dr. Niide may seem like a tyrannical task master, but in reality he is a compassionate clinic director. Initially, Yasumoto is livid at his posting, believing that he has little to gain from working under Akahige. Dr. Yasumoto feels that Dr. Niide is only interested in his medical notes and soon rebels against the clinic director. He refuses to wear his uniform, disdains the food and spartan environment, and enters the forbidden garden where he meets "The Mantis" , a mysterious patient that only Dr. Niide can treat. As Yasumoto struggles to come to terms with his situation, the film tells the story of a few of the clinic\'s patients. One of them is Rokusuke, a dying man whom Dr. Niide discerns is troubled by a secret misery that is only revealed when his desperately unhappy daughter shows up. Another is Sahachi, a well-loved man of the town known for his generosity to his neighbors, who has a tragic connection to a woman whose corpse is discovered after a landslide. Dr. Niide brings Yasumoto along to rescue a sick twelve-year-old girl from a brothel  and then assigns the girl to Yasumoto as his first patient. Through his efforts to heal the traumatized girl, Yasumoto begins to understand the magnitude of cruelty and suffering around him as well as his power to ease that suffering, and learns to regret his vanity and selfishness. When Yasumoto himself falls ill, he is nursed back to health by the care and affection of Otoyo, the twelve-year-old girl who was saved from the brothel. Through his observations of Dr. Niide\'s compassion and a series of destitute patients, Dr. Yasumoto learns what being a doctor really means. The lives of patients are more important than wealth or status. Their suffering can be ameliorated with compassion and conscientious care.'] ['The movie depicts the life of Dawn Anna, a teacher and single mother of four children. Soon after meeting her eventual husband, she is diagnosed with a severe brain disease that requires a serious operation. Shortly after her recovery, daughter Lauren Townsend is murdered in the Columbine High School massacre.'] ['In 1969, Dr. Malcolm Sayer  is a dedicated and caring physician at a local hospital in the New York City borough of The Bronx. After working extensively with the catatonic patients who survived the 1917-1928 epidemic of encephalitis lethargica, Sayer discovers certain stimuli will reach beyond the patients\' respective catatonic states; actions such as catching a ball thrown at them, hearing familiar music, and experiencing human touch all have unique effects on particular patients and offer a glimpse into their worlds. Leonard Lowe  proves elusive in this regard, but Sayer soon discovers that Leonard is able to communicate with him by using a Ouija board. After attending a lecture at a conference on the subject of the L-Dopa drug and its success with patients suffering from Parkinson\'s Disease, Sayer believes the drug may offer a breakthrough for his own group of patients. A trial run with Leonard Lowe yields astounding results as Leonard completely "awakens" from his catatonic state; this success inspires Sayer to ask for funding from donors so that all the catatonic patients can receive the L-Dopa medication and experience "awakenings" back to reality. Meanwhile, Leonard is adjusting to his new life and becomes romantically interested in Paula , the daughter of another hospital patient and begins spending time with her when she comes to the hospital to visit her father. Leonard also begins to chafe at the restrictions placed upon him as a patient of the hospital, desiring the freedom to come and go as he pleases and stirs up a bit of a revolt in the process of arguing his case repeatedly to Sayer and the hospital administration. Sayer notices that as Leonard grows more agitated battling administrators and staff about his perceived confinement, a number of facial and body tics are starting to manifest and Leonard has difficulty controlling them. While Sayer and the hospital staff continue to delight in the success of L-Dopa with this group of patients, they soon find that it is a temporary measure. As the first to "awaken", Leonard is also the first to demonstrate the limited duration of this period of "awakening". Leonard\'s tics grow more and more prominent and he starts to shuffle more as he walks, and all of the patients are forced to witness what will eventually happen to them. He soon begins to suffer full body spasms and can hardly move. Leonard, however, puts up well with the pain, and asks Sayer to film him, in hopes that he would some day contribute to research that may eventually help others. Leonard acknowledges sadly what is happening to him and has a last lunch with Paula where he tells her he cannot see her anymore. When he is about to leave, Paula dances with him, and for this short period of time his spasms disappear. Leonard and Dr. Sayer reconcile their differences, but Leonard returns to his catatonic state soon after. The other patients\' fears are similarly realized as each eventually returns to catatonia no matter how much their L-Dopa dosages are increased. Sayer tells a group of grant donors to the hospital that although the "awakening" did not last, another kind — one of learning to appreciate and live life — took place. For example, he himself, who has always been lonely, decides to go on a date with one of the nurses. The nurses now treat the catatonic patients once again with more respect and care, and Paula is shown visiting Leonard. The film ends with Sayer standing over Leonard behind a Ouija board, with his hands on Leonard\'s hands which man the planchette. "Let\'s begin," Sayer says.'] ['When Sarah Hopson  discovers she has a brain tumour, she leaves her successful high-rise lifestyle in New York and returns to her hometown in the Scottish Borders, where she left her widower father Frank  and her childhood sweetheart Sam  to pursue a career in the United States seven years ago. Upon arriving Sarah finds out that Sam, a restaurant owner, is now happily married to Charlotte . This, however, does not stop her from asking the couple a last favour – which is to let Sarah spend her remaining time in the company of the only man she has ever loved.'] ["Lizzie  and Alex Brooks  are a fairy tale young couple, wildly in love and the parents of a little girl named Emma. Without warning, Lizzie suffers a stroke at the age of twenty-four. Alex is informed by the hospital doctors that Lizzie has slipped into a deep coma and there is nothing to do but wait to see if she comes out of it. Determined to keep his vow to love Lizzie in sickness and in health, Alex decides to bring her home to care for her. Gail, Lizzie's best friend, helps and consoles Alex. However, Gail's help extends further when she aids in raising Emma as well. When Gail's husband is killed in a car crash, Alex, Gail and Emma form a practical family unit of their own. Twenty years after her stroke, Lizzie wakes up. Miraculously, she is pronounced perfectly healthy and begins to try to assimilate back into a world that has radically changed. Emma, who is about to be married, is thrilled to have her mother back, as are Alex and Gail. But, Lizzie's presence is also confusing for all of them as she attempts to move back into the place she rightfully occupies in their lives."] ["Doctors and patients at a severely underfunded veterans' hospital rebel against bureaucracy-minded administrators by doing whatever it takes to ensure proper care."] ['Hilary O\'Neil  is a pretty, outgoing yet cautious young woman who has had little luck in work or love. After recently parting ways with her boyfriend when she caught him cheating, Hilary finds herself living with her eccentric mother . One day, Hilary answers an ad in a newspaper for a nurse only to find herself being escorted out before the interview starts. Victor Geddes  is a well-educated, rich, and shy 28 year-old. As the film progresses, Victor\'s health worsens progressively, due to leukemia. Despite his father\'s protests, Victor hires Hilary to be his live-in caretaker while he undergoes a traumatic course of chemotherapy. Hillary becomes insecure of her ability to care for Victor after her first exposure to the side effects of his chemotherapy treatment. She studies about leukemia and stocks healthier food in the kitchen. He is "finished" with his chemotherapy and suggests they take a vacation to the coast. They rent a house and she begins to feel that she\'s no longer needed to care for him. They fall in love and continue living at the coast. He\'s hiding his use of morphine to kill the pain. During dinner with one of the friends they made there Victor starts acting aggressively and irrationally. Victor collapses and is helped to bed. She searches the garbage and discovers his used syringes. She confronts him and he admits he wasn\'t finished with his chemotherapy. He explains that he wants quality in his life and she says that he\'s been lying to her. She calls his Father and he comes to take him home but he wants to stay for one last  party. Hilary and Victor reconnect at the party and he tells her that he is leaving with his father to go back to the hospital in the morning. After speaking with Victor\'s father who says Victor wants to spend one night alone before leaving, Hilary goes back to the house they rented only to find Victor packing clothes, ready to run away and not go with his father to the hospital. Hilary confronts him about running away and Victor admits that he\'s afraid of hoping. At this confession, Hilary finally tells Victor she loves him and they then decide to go back to the hospital where he will fight for his life with Hilary. The last frame of the movie shows Victor and Hilary leaving the house, which has a small picture of Gustav Klimt\'s "Adam and Eve"  in the window.'] ['Dr. Asira is faced with the contrast between Western medicine and traditional East African spirituality when a woman, Samehe, who is admitted to a psychiatric hospital, claims to be under the care of Maangamizi, a mysterious ancestor / shaman.{{cite web}}'] ['Barney Snow  wakes up in a hospital with no memory of why he is there. All he has is his name and some vague recollections of a car crash. He assumes that he is in the hospital for his amnesia and settles in to try to recover. He quickly realizes that all of the other residents of the youth clinic are all suffering from terminal illnesses. Another patient, Mazzo , asks Barney to play host for his visiting twin sister Cassie . Barney immediately falls for Cassie and strives to get better, if only to be able to see her in a setting outside the hospital. He is determined to learn about his past so that he can make her a part of his future. In his explorations, both inside his shattered memories and through the physical rooms of the hospital, Barney starts to realize that there was no car crash. Doctor Harriman  induced amnesia in Barney to make him forget everything in his past. Barney demands to know why, and Harriman tells him he has cancer. The experimental procedure that Barney is undergoing is attempting to test the power of the mind in fighting cancer. Barney had volunteered for the treatment, hoping for a miracle cure. The theory was that if Barney didn’t know he had cancer, the body might stop creating the cancer cells. The explanation Harriman gives comes from an old urban legend that, based on weight ratios to wing power and wind resistance, the bumblebees should be aerodynamically incapable of flight — yet, the theory says, the bumblebee doesn’t know that, so it flies anyway. Torn between his hope for a cure and his desire to continue his budding relationship with Cassie, Barney is forced to choose whether to go through the amnesia procedure again or remain with the memories and knowledge he has thus far acquired.'] ['The film tells the story of the Tuskegee experiment, a U.S. Federal Government secret medical experiment on poor African Americans in the years 1932-1972, designed to study the effects of untreated syphilis. The story is told from the perspective of the small town nurse Eunice Evers  who is well aware of the lack of treatment, but feels her role is to console the involved men, many of whom are her direct friends.'] ['The film involves an extramarital encounter that nearly leads the wife of the main character into killing herself and her husband. A boss insists that a young executive, with an important job and a long term girlfriend, go out with him to a party and while out at the party he sleeps with a young wealthy woman, Elise , and contracts syphilis from her. The girlfriend is so upset that she commits suicide.  {{Empty section}}'] ['Something the Lord Made  tells the story of the 34-year partnership that begins in Depression Era Nashville in 1930 when Blalock  hires Thomas  as an assistant in his Vanderbilt University lab, expecting him to perform janitorial work. But Thomas\' remarkable manual dexterity and intellectual acumen confound Blalock\'s expectations, and Thomas rapidly becomes indispensable as a research partner to Blalock in his forays into heart surgery. The film traces the two men\'s work when they move in 1941 from Vanderbilt to Johns Hopkins, an institution where the only black employees are janitors and where Thomas must enter by the back door. Together, they attack the heart problem of Tetralogy of Fallot, also known as Blue Baby Syndrome, and in so doing they open the field of heart surgery. Helen Taussig , the pediatrician/cardiologist at Johns Hopkins, challenges Blalock to come up with a surgical solution for her Blue Babies. She needs a new ductus for them to oxygenate their blood and turn them pink. The film dramatizes Blalock\'s and Thomas\' fight to save the dying Blue Babies. Blalock praises Thomas\' surgical skill as being "like something the Lord made" and insists that Thomas coach him through the first Blue Baby surgery over the protests of Hopkins administrators. Yet outside the lab, they are separated by the prevailing racism of the time. Thomas attends Blalock\'s parties as a bartender, moonlighting for extra income, and when Blalock is honored for the Blue Baby work at the segregated Belvedere Hotel, Thomas is not among the invited guests. Instead, he watches from behind a potted palm at the rear of the ballroom. After Blalock\'s death, Thomas continued his work at Johns Hopkins training surgeons. At the end of the film, in a formal ceremony, Hopkins recognized Thomas\' work and awarded him an honorary doctorate. A portrait of Thomas was placed on the walls of Johns Hopkins next to Blalock\'s portrait, which had been hung there years earlier.'] ['Vivian Bearing is a professor of English literature known for her intense knowledge of metaphysical poetry, especially the Holy Sonnets of John Donne. Her life takes a turn when she is diagnosed with metastatic Stage IV ovarian cancer. Oncologist Harvey Kelekian prescribes various chemotherapy treatments to treat her disease, and as she suffers through the various side-effects , she attempts to put everything in perspective. The story periodically flashes back to previous moments in her life, including her childhood, her graduate school studies, and her career prior to her diagnosis. During the course of the film, she continually breaks the fourth wall by looking into the camera and expressing her feelings. As she grows increasingly ill, Vivian agrees to undergo more tests and experimental treatments, even though she realizes the doctors treating her, including former student Jason Posner, see her less as someone to save and more as a guinea pig for their treatments. The only person who seems to care for her as a person is Susie Monahan, one of the nurses on the staff. Late in Vivian\'s illness, the only visitor she receives in the hospital is her former graduate school professor and mentor, Evelyn Ashford, who reads her excerpts from Margaret Wise Brown\'s The Runaway Bunny. As she nears the end of her life, Vivian regrets her insensitivity and realizes she should have been kinder to more people. In her time of greatest need, she learns that human compassion is of more profound importance than intellectual wit. Vivian dies at the end of the film, with her voiceover reciting "death be not proud".'] ['The film is set in a teaching hospital in Manhattan and centers around Dr. Bock , the Chief of Medicine, whose life is in disarray: his wife has left him, his children don\'t talk to him, and his once-beloved teaching hospital is falling apart. The hospital suffers from the sudden deaths of two doctors and a nurse. These are attributed to coincidental or unavoidable failures to provide accurate treatment. At the same time, administrators must deal with a protest against the hospital\'s annexation of an adjacent and decrepit apartment building. The annexation is to be used for a drug rehabilitation center; the building\'s current occupants demand that the hospital find them replacement housing before the building is demolished despite the building being condemned sometime before. As Dr. Bock complains of impotence and has thoughts of suicide, he falls for Barbara Drummond , a patient\'s daughter who both came from Mexico for her father\'s treatment. This temporarily gives Dr. Bock something to live for after Barbara confronts him. The deaths are discovered to have initiated by Barbara\'s father, as retribution for the "inhumanity" of modern medical treatment. Drummond\'s victims would have been saved if they\'d received prompt, appropriate treatment -- but they didn\'t. Dr. Bock and Barbara use a final, accidental death of a doctor at the hospital to cover Drummond\'s tracks, while Barbara takes her father back to JFK airport to escape back to Mexico; leaving Dr. Bock at his insistence to try and organize the chaotic Hospital. It was filmed at Metropolitan Hospital Center in New York.'] ['Jane  visits a doctor  after becoming ill during a business trip. She is told that she has a terminal illness and is referred to a psychologist, Wendy Haller , to help her in dealing with the emotional aspects of the illness. Jane, although successful at business, leads a solitary life except for occasional times she spends with her married lover, Jerry, who leaves her during her crisis. Reluctant to open herself emotionally at first, she soon warms to Wendy. Jane makes a last trip to visit her beloved Aunt Lizzie . Jane finally faces the secret she has been hiding for years, that she gave her infant son up for adoption. As she makes peace with guilt from her troubled past and comes to terms with her fate she gains loving support from Aunt Lizzie, Wendy, and Amy and Peter, her co-workers. She returns to the faith she had turned from and makes contact with her grown son. Wendy, also, has had a troubled past and, through her relationship with Jane, resolves her own issues, especially with her mother Anne.'] ["The film is divided into two sections, the first telling events from Hilary's point of view and the second from Jackie's. It opens with Hilary and Jackie as children being taught by their mother to dance and play musical instruments, the cello for Jackie and the flute for Hilary. Jackie does not take practising seriously at first, but when she does, she becomes a virtuoso, quickly rising to international prominence. Marriage to pianist and conductor Daniel Barenboim follows. Hilary, on the other hand, plays in a community orchestra and marries Christopher Finzi, the son of composer Gerald Finzi. The film, though focused primarily on Jacqueline, is ultimately about the relationship between the two sisters and their dedication to one another; to help Jacqueline through a nervous breakdown and in the interest of therapy, Hilary consents to Jacqueline having an affair with her  husband. The last quarter of the movie chronicles in detail the last fifteen years of Jacqueline's life: she is diagnosed with multiple sclerosis, loses control of her nervous system, becomes paralyzed, goes deaf and mute, and finally dies. The film ends with Jacqueline's spirit standing on the beach where she used to play as a child, watching herself and her sister frolicking in the sand as little girls."] ['Benigno  Martin and Marco Zuluaga cross paths when they attend the same concert dance, only eventually meeting again at a private clinic where Benigno works. There, he is the personal nurse and caregiver for Alicia, a beautiful dance student who lies in a coma and with whom Benigno has become obsessed. Marco, a journalist and travel writer, is at the clinic to visit his girlfriend Lydia, a famous matador who is also comatose after being gored by a bull. As the men stand vigil over these women, the story unfolds in flashbacks, giving details of the two relationships. Marco leaves Lydia in the hospital when her previous lover informs him that they had reunited a month before Lydia\'s accident. He travels to Jordan to write a tourist guide; while there he reads in a newspaper that Lydia has died in her coma. Meanwhile, Alicia is discovered to be pregnant. Benigno, who believes his relationship with the comatose Alicia is a mutual love affair, is accused of raping her and is sent to prison in Segovia. Marco returns to Spain and begins trying to help Benigno. He finds out that Alicia had awakened during or sometime after giving birth, but the baby was stillborn. Following Benigno\'s lawyer\'s urging, he does not tell Benigno about her unexpected recovery. Desperate, Benigno ingests a large quantity of pills to try to "escape" and reunite with Alicia. He dies of an overdose. Meanwhile, Alicia has begun rehabilitation to recover her ability to walk and dance. The film ends with Marco, sitting two rows in front of Alicia at a dance concert, turning around and smiling at her for a moment, and then turning back around. The screen lists Marco y Alicia as the next act.'] ["The film follows the journey of a Kosovar pilgrim on his way back to Belgrade from the Middle East. While at a bazaar, the pilgrim buys a flute from a man who is visibly ill. Upon his return to Belgrade, the pilgrim starts to show signs of illness and is transported to the city's General Hospital. His disease is initially misdiagnosed and the smallpox virus starts spreading through the hospital very quickly. Once the disease is correctly identified, the authorities attempt to subdue the outbreak by declaring martial law, enforcing quarantine and enlisting the help of the World Health Organization. Eventually, these measures prove to be effective to subdue the epidemic."] ['Caroline  is a young woman working as a waitress who is always unlucky in love. Adam  is a shy busboy who saves Caroline when two men try to rape her on her way home one night. She then gets to know him. They become close, but she finds out his past, and the attackers come after Adam for revenge. They end up stabbing him. As their relationship progresses, Caroline discovers that Adam has a heart defect, though he claims he has a baboon heart. On his birthday he goes to a hockey game with Caroline, and catches a hockey puck that is shot into the crowd. On the way home he falls asleep and then passes away at the age of 27.'] ["The film tells the tale of the doctors who pioneered the usage of silicone breast implants. The two men gain immense financial success but follow different life paths thereafter, with David Schwimmer becoming the narcissistic 'big-as-you-can-get' type popular with strippers and pornographic actresses, and former mentor Chris Cooper continuing the initial team effort of the everyday woman. The story loosely tracks the history of the real-life breast implant industry phenomenon, from its radical introduction through its incredible popularity through the controversial silicone link to various types of illness and cancer, following which the industry switched to saline. The story is interspersed with interview snippets of women from the 1970s who have received breast augmentation with varying degrees of success, including their pleasure and displeasure. The interviews are marked by the fact that they show only the interviewees' nude breasts and torso."] ["Rahul Sharma ([[John Abraham  is a compulsive gambler and while betting, wins 3 crore rupees. That night he asks his girlfriend, Nafisa, to marry him and she says yes. Right after proposing Rahul collapses. The next day he goes to the doctor for a medical test and finds out that he has cancer. Rahul does not know how to handle this situation and so in the middle of the night runs down a street screaming, knowing that he only has months to live. Later, Rahul finds about a rehabilitation centre for persons with such incurable diseases. Rahul silently runs away from his fiancee, leaving back most of the money he earned, for her. Once Rahul gets into the centre, he meets several people like Parthasarthi  who speaks with the help of a metal tube because of his cancer, Madhu  who was a former Prostitute and an AIDS patient now, Padma  a teenage girl with lot of dreams, but no life to fulfil them, she can't even walk properly, Govinda  a comic loving kid, who is said to have certain higher capabilities and everybody treats him as a messenger of God. The relationship between Rahul and each of these persons grow with time, and one day Rahul coughs hard and struggles for breath, and he goes to Govinda’s room and falls down there. Next day when Rahul wakes up, Govinda offers him mangoes, and he tells him a story. The story was similar to the story of Rahul’s dreams, in which he imagines himself as Indiana Jones. In the story he is in a mission to free many souls who are in chains, and to get the keys of those locks, he needs to find a key of a box, in which all the keys are there. Rahul imagines himself to be Indiana Jones, and Parthasarathy, Madhu etc. as the locked spirits, and Padma as a spirit who motivates Rahul to find the key. Later, he realizes that the key to open the box is his heart only, and his love is the key to open all the other chainlocks. He then arranges a beach program with Padma, in the program, he brings a band troupe who sings a song about living in the present moment. Noted actor Shreyas Talpade appears as the lead singer in this song. After that, Rahul asks everybody to write down their one wish and put it in a pot. Then he and Padma exchanges their wishes. They together fulfils everybody’s wishes, and meanwhile Rahul and Padma were about to be in a physical relationship, but Rahul regrets and rejects. Padma gets angry and throws off her wig to Rahul, and then only we come to know that the teenage girl is bald, due to her disease. Then Padma’s condition gets worse, and Rahul looks for her wish pot. He finds that her last wish is to make love with Rahul. Rahul agrees and kisses Padma, and she dies at the moment. Later, Rahul finds an Indiana Jones costume in his room, which he had wished for, and had written and given to Padma. Later, Rahul’s condition gets worse, and Nafisa re-enters the story at that moment. It is revealed that Padma had called Nafisa before her death and asked her to look after Rahul. Meanwhile, Rahul is in desperate search of some ‘Naksha’  which Govinda had told him to find. He then realizes the Naksha is near some waterfall, and the closing scene of the movie shows Rahul and Nafisa going in a car, presumably they might have decided to spend the final days of his life near that waterfall."] ["An old villager  brings his 8-year-old grandson Parshuraam  to a doctor in Mumbai to diagnose the child's eyes. They are accompanied by child's maternal uncle Diwarkar. On the first day Vichare is asked to sign usual papers before admission in hospital. Upon asking, he learns that the papers say the doctor would not be responsible if anything goes wrong. Vichare, the rustic grandfather finds these terms unacceptable. A medical social worker named Asawari who is present there, quickly comes in and explains the practice to Vichare. She calms down Vichare and accompanies them during the first appointment with the doctor. Dr. Sane quickly diagnoses child as a victim of retinoblastoma &mdash; a rare retinal cancer. After consulting with other colleagues in US and UK doctor finds that only way to save child's life is to perform an operation that will leave the child blind. As per rule, doctor explains this and insists child be informed of this before surgery. He cannot be operated without this knowledge as it was against ethics. Asawari  who helps the doctor in convincing the grandfather and the grandson, tries to keep track of Vichare and persuades him not fall prey to other doctors promising false medicines. She tries to befriend Parshya in order to explain him what is going to happen. However, she finds it is too difficult to explain to him that he will turn blind. The film then depicts the grandfather's struggle to accept the reality that the only way to save his grandson is at the cost of his eyesight. He tries various ways to come to terms with the situation and his personal agony is shown in scenes, like taking second opinion, explaining his grandson the reality and his desire to show him everything possible before his grandson loses his eyesight. For some reason, the surgery has to be postponed by a day. That afternoon, grandfather and grandson disappear from the hospital ward and a frantic search follows. Confronted by an angry surgeon on their return, the grandfather states quite simply that he wanted to show Parshya the sights of the city for one last time. Shwaas has been applauded for scenes which depict the difficulty faced by the doctors to explain to grandfather and Parshya that nothing can be done and the truth is but inevitable. It shows the medical fraternity in a very positive light, with the doctors and nurses being extremely supportive and doing the best they can, and helping the village with the best facilities. The last shot where Parshya returns home wearing dark glasses, waving to his family and friends from the boat was widely appreciated by film critics."] ['Joel is a writer who, after a hiking accident at a mountain, must struggle with paralysis. At the same time, he carries a relationship with a married woman, with whom he was having an affair at the time of the accident. The lovers attempt to carry on their affair during his emotional and difficult rehabilitation as a paraplegic.'] ['Eve White is a timid, self-effacing wife and mother who has severe and blinding headaches and occasional blackouts. Eventually she is sent to see a personality psychiatrist Dr. Luther, and while having a conversation, her "alter personality", wild, fun-loving Eve Black, discloses herself. Eve Black knows everything about Eve White, but Eve White is unaware of Eve Black. With Eve Black on the loose, Eve White\'s husband leaves her and abandons their daughter, Bonnie. Eve White is sent to an asylum after Eve Black tries to kill Eve White\'s daughter. Dr. Luther considers both Eve White and Eve Black to be incomplete and inadequate personalities. Most of the film depicts Luther\'s attempts to understand and deal with these two faces of Eve. He eventually prompts her to remember a traumatic event in Eve’s childhood. Her beloved grandmother had died when she was six, and according to family custom relatives were supposed to kiss the dead person at the viewing, making it easier for them to let go. Eve\'s grief and terror led to her "splitting off" into two distinctly different personalities. Under hypnosis at one session, a third personality appears, the relatively stable Jane. After discovering the cause of her disorder, Jane is gradually able to remember everything that has ever happened to all three personalities. When Luther asks to speak with Eve White, they discover that Eve White and Eve Black no longer exist. All three personalities are once again a single whole. She marries a man named Earl whom she met when she was Jane and reunites with her daughter Bonnie.'] ["At the beginning of the film, Lorenzo  is portrayed as a bright and vibrant young boy but when his parents relocate to the United States he begins to show neurological problems, loss of hearing, tantrums, etc. The boy is diagnosed as having ALD which is fatal within two years. Failing to find a doctor capable of treating their son's rare disease, Augusto and Michaela Odone  set out on a mission to find a treatment to save their child. In their quest, the Odones clashed with doctors, scientists, and support groups, who were skeptical that anything could be done about Adrenoleukodystrophy , much less by laypeople. But they persisted, setting up camp in medical libraries, reviewing animal experiments, enlisting the aid of Professor Gus Nikolais , badgering researchers, questioning top doctors all over the world, and even organizing an international symposium about the disease. Despite research dead ends, the horror of watching their son's health decline, and being surrounded by skeptics , they persisted until they finally hit upon a therapy involving adding a certain kind of oil  to their son's diet. They contacted over 100 firms around the world until they found an elderly British chemist  working for Croda International who was willing to take on the challenge of distilling the proper formula. The oil, erucic acid, proved successful in normalizing the accumulation of the very long chain fatty acids in the brain that had been causing their son's steady decline, thereby halting the progression of the disease. There was still a great deal of neurological damage remaining which could not be reversed unless new treatments could be found to regenerate the myelin sheath  around the nerves. The father is seen taking on the new challenge of organizing biomedical efforts to heal myelin damage in patients . The film ends with Lorenzo at the age of 14 showing definite improvement  but indicating more medical research is still needed. The end credits of the film note that Lorenzo also regained his sight and was learning to use a computer."] ['{{Expand section}} Doctor James Kildare , just appointed resident assistant at the Byng State Hospital by his mentor Dr. Leonard Gillespie , is forced to return to his hometown when his general-practitioner father  collapses from overwork.http://www.allmovie.com/work/dr-kildare-goes-home-89925'] ['Elliot and Beverly Mantle are identical twins and highly successful gynecologists. Elliot, the more aggressive and confident of the two, seduces women who come to the Mantle Clinic. When he tires of them, the women are passed on to the shy and passive Beverly, while the women remain unaware of the substitution. A troubled actress, Claire Niveau , comes to the clinic for her infertility. It turns out that Claire has a "trifurcated cervix", which means she probably will not be able to have children. Elliot seduces Claire and then urges Beverly to sleep with her. When Beverly becomes attached to Claire, it upsets the equilibrium between the twins. When Claire learns of the twins\' deception, she is angry but later decides to continue a relationship with Beverly exclusively. Claire leaves to work on another film. This sends Beverly into clinical depression, heavy drinking, prescription drug abuse and paranoid delusions about "mutant women" with abnormal genitalia. Beverly seeks out metal artist Anders Wolleck and commissions a set of bizarre gynecological instruments for operating on these mutant women. Beverly is then put on administrative leave by the hospital board after collapsing on a patient. Elliot locks Beverly into the clinic and tries to clean him up, taking pills himself to "synchronize". When Claire returns, Beverly leaves the clinic to be with her. When he returns to sobriety, he is concerned about his brother, and goes back to the clinic. There he finds the clinic in ruins and Elliot despondent and intoxicated. Their positions are reversed as Beverly cares for Elliot. Drugged and despairing, they celebrate their mock birthday and Elliot volunteers to be killed, "to separate the Siamese twins". Beverly disembowels Elliot on an examination couch. Beverly pulls himself together, leaves the clinic and calls Claire on a payphone. When she asks, "Who is this?", Beverly leaves the payphone, walks back into the clinic and dies in Elliot\'s dead arms.'] [' A romantic melodrama set against the backdrop of a smallpox epidemic which features Richard Johnson as the diligent doctor in control and Claire Bloom as his outwardly serene and devoted wife. Commencing on New Year’s Eve in the city of Bath, Dr. Steven Monks  diagnoses a mystery patient as being infected with smallpox and sets in motion a city wide quarantine to contain the outbreak. His commitment to the task is affected by the deterioration of his marriage to ex-nurse Julie  following his clandestine affair with a family friend. Monk receives an unexpected blow when the disease strikes closer to home than anticipated and Julie is diagnosed as having contracted the virus. The medical team gradually contain the outbreak until only one unidentified case remains. The search narrows the identity of final carrier down to Ruth Preston , the woman with whom Monks had been having an affair and the wife of his close colleague Clifford . She’s eventually traced to a deserted house where she’s sheltering, lonely and desperately ill.'] ["Toshirō Mifune plays a young idealistic doctor who works at his father's  clinic in a small and seedy district. During the war, he contracts syphilis from the blood of a patient when he cuts himself during an operation. Treating himself in secret and tormented by his conscience, he rejects his heartbroken fiancée without explanation."] ["Robert Donat stars as the idealistic newly-qualified Scottish doctor, Andrew Manson, who is dedicated to treating Welsh miners suffering from tuberculosis. Initially, he is full of lofty scientific goals, though his purpose erodes when he later moves to London to treat rich hypochondriacs. Rosalind Russell stars as Christine, his wife, who tries to set him back on the original path. Ralph Richardson plays Manson's best friend, Dr. Philip Denny, and Rex Harrison appears in one of his first screen roles as Freddie Hampton."] ["Annelle Dupuy , a recent beauty school graduate, is hired by Truvy Jones  to work in her home-based beauty salon. M'Lynn Eatenton , a good friend of Truvy's, and her daughter, Shelby , arrive at Truvy's to prepare for Shelby's wedding, which is taking place later that day. Also arriving at the salon are Ouiser  Boudreaux , a grouchy, two-time widow, and Clairee Belcher , also a widow, who is cheerful and enjoys taking cracks at Ouiser whenever possible. During an argument with her mother over whether or not she should bear a child, Shelby, who has type one diabetes, falls into a state of hypoglycemia, but she recovers quickly with some orange juice provided by her mother and the other women in the salon. Several months pass, and Shelby announces to her family that she and her husband Jackson  are expecting their first child. Although the majority of her family is thrilled, M'Lynn is worried that Shelby's body cannot handle the stress of childbirth. Shelby successfully delivers a baby boy, Jackson Jr. However, several months later Shelby begins showing signs of kidney failure and starts dialysis. M'Lynn offers to donate a kidney to her daughter and the transplant takes place the day after Jackson Jr's first birthday. Three to four months following the transplant, Shelby's body rejects the kidney and she collapses into a coma. The doctors inform the family that Shelby will likely remain comatose indefinitely, and her family and husband jointly decide to remove Shelby from life support. At the funeral, after the other mourners have left, M'Lynn breaks down in hysterics in front of Clairee, Truvy, Annelle and Ouiser, but the other women are able to give support to M'Lynn through humor and love. Later, at the wake, M'Lynn begins to accept her daughter's death and focuses her energy on helping Jackson raise his son/her grandson. Annelle, who is now married and pregnant, asks M'Lynn if she could name her own baby after Shelby. Months later, on Easter morning, Annelle goes into labor during an Easter egg hunt and is rushed to the hospital and another life begins."] ['Police officer Frank Spivey ([[Steven Weber  is eating lunch in his squad car when he happens upon a crazed man with a meat cleaver forcing a young woman  onto the ground. When Spivey intervenes, the man tells Spivey that he "doesn\'t know what she is," forcing Spivey to shoot the man before he kills her. As he begins to console her, he first notices that although she has an attractive body, her face is horrifically disfigured. Despite his initial revulsion, she cuddles into his arms and he finds himself affectionately drawn to her. At the police station his partner continues to kid on about the whole situation, trying to get him to forget about the shooting and the female. Still oddly drawn to her, Spivey excuses himself from his partner. That night he goes home and his wife Ruby , attempts to console him after learning of the shooting. As they begin to make love, he keeps picturing the woman and begins to anally rape his wife. She eventually forces him off her as he has lost himself in his fantasy of the woman. The next day, after a female detective interrogates the mystery woman, the detective relates to Spivey that the girl\'s name is probably Jenifer, since it was on a note in the man\'s pocket, and that she is mute and most likely retarded. Spivey visits Jenifer at the mental hospital to check on her. A male orderly comments that she has been frightening the male staff. When he enters her room, she is still in the shower and runs to embrace him despite being completely nude. Frank takes her to his home because he can find nowhere else that will take her. That night he dreams of a non-disfigured Jenifer seducing him, when he awakes she\'s standing in the room, and his wife and his son Pete  first experience her with varying degrees of disgust. His wife issues an ultimatum that it will be her or Jenifer staying there, so he again goes out to search for a place to take her. This time instead of looking, he is seduced by Jenifer in his car. When he brings her home she frightens away Frank\'s wife and son, devours his cat, and murders and eats his young neighbor Amy . Frank finally attempts to get a circus worker to kidnap her and put her in his freak show. When he arrives home, he finds Jenifer covered in blood and the circus worker dead in his refrigerator. Frank takes Jenifer and flees to an abandoned cabin in the woods where she hopefully can\'t hurt anyone. Frank gets a job at a small market and begins to slip out of Jenifer\'s spell. One day however, Jenifer spies him with the attractive owner of the store and follows the shop owner\'s son to a party. There she lures him into the woods and seduces him. Much like Frank he is repulsed by her face, but makes no effort to turn her away. In looking for Jenifer in the cabin cellar, Frank discovers her devouring the boy and snaps. Grabbing her by the hair he forces her through the woods to kill her. Just as he\'s about to strike her down a deer hunter shoots and kills Frank. Frank\'s last words are Jenifer as the deer hunter moves to comfort her... just as Frank had done.'] ['An ex-con has just been paroled to a work-release program where he must work off his final year as an ambulance paramedic at the local hospital in the retirement resort, Seabreeze.'] ['George Monroe, a fabricator of architectural models, is fired from the job he has held for twenty years when he refuses to fall into step with his co-workers and use the computer technology available to them. In a fit of rage at his boss\' refusal to let George keep the models that he had built, he destroys all of the models with a bat, keeping only one for himself. As he exits the building, he collapses on the pavement and is rushed to the hospital, where it is revealed he has cancer of such an advanced stage that the doctor feels any treatment would be futile. Liberated from a job he hated and funded by his severance package, George decides the time has come to demolish the ramshackle home left to him by his father and replace it with a house more in keeping with the ambiance of his upscale neighborhood. He decides to enlist the aid of his son, angst-ridden and self-loathing Sam, a rebellious, pill-popping, glue-sniffing teenager with blue hair, makeup, and a number of piercings. Sam is alienated from his stepfather Peter and his mother Robin finds herself unable to cope. Against his will, Sam must spend the summer with George, who has opted not to reveal his terminal condition, and help him with what will be the final project of his life. Sam is not happy to be forced to stay with George and makes it a point not to help him with the house\'s construction. In return, George refuses to give him any money and makes him shower outside. In attempt to gain money to fund his drugs, Sam turns to prostitution, however he is caught and forced to flee. This leads him to take George\'s vicodin. As time passes, George slowly reconnects with Sam. Robin decides to assist as well, and she begins to find herself rediscovering the man she once loved. Also joining in the construction are Alyssa, Sam\'s classmate who lives in the house next door with her mother Colleen; local policeman Kurt Walker, George\'s childhood friend; Sam\'s young half-brothers Adam and Ryan; various neighbors; and eventually Peter, even after separating from Robin when it becomes apparent she has renewed feelings for her ex-husband. Eventually, George tells Robin of his disease, sending her into a shock. That same night, he tells Sam, who reacts with feelings of betrayal and accusing George of being selfish. George responds by saying "No, Sam I wasn\'t trying to get you to like me. I was trying to get you to love me," making Sam even angrier at the betrayal and leading him to take refuge at Alyssa\'s house. During that night, George collapses in his garage/shack and is found by Robin the following morning. Complications arise when cantankerous neighbor David Dokos tries to halt construction because the building\'s height exceeds the allowable limit by six inches. His plans to halt the project are stopped by Sam, who recognises him from his prostitution attempt and subtly blackmails him with that information. As a final act of love towards his father, Sam puts Christmas lights all over the unfinished house and shows George the gleaming house from his hospital window. The next morning, Sam returns to finish the house and Robin sits beside George until his death. After a while, Robin goes to the house and tells Sam about his father\'s death. Sam, much changed by his re-engagement with his father, inherits the house he finished building, but in the closing scenes he decides to give the property to the girl who had been injured in a car crash that George\'s father had been the cause of, who was living in a trailer park, rather than occupying it himself or selling it for profit. Over a voice-over, George says his final words to Sam: "I always thought of myself as a house. I was always what I lived in. It didn\'t need to be big; it didn\'t even need to be beautiful; it just needed to be mine. I became what I was meant to be. I built myself a life... I built myself a house. Twenty-nine years ago, my father crossed a double line. Changed my life and the life of a little girl forever with that mistake. I can\'t stop thinking about her. With every crash of every wave, I hear something now. I never listened before. I\'m on the edge of a cliff, listening. Almost finished. If you were a house , Sam, this is where you would want to be built: on rock, facing the sea. Listening. Listening."'] ['Rick is a young American who suffers of a rare skin disease which prevents him of exposing himself to any kind of light. After having tried several cures without success, his father takes him to a village where they meet a healer, who is supposed to save him. But the treatment does not work and Rick decides to forget about his illness and enjoy life feeling the sun on his skin for the first time. In the short time he has left a young American actress enters his life.http://www.filmaffinity.com/es/film356017.html/'] ["David Coleman  is a young doctor hired by a hospital's pathology department. The head of the department, Dr. Joseph Pearson , sees Coleman as a rival, and they fight over many medical issues. Coleman falls in love with Cathy Hunt , a nurse at the hospital, who develops a tumor in her knee. Pearson believes that the tumor is malignant and that the leg should be amputated, but Coleman disagrees. Coleman orders three blood tests on Mrs. Alexander, an expectant mother whose baby may have hemolytic disease, but Pearson believes that the tests are excessive and cancels the third test. Mrs. Alexander is married to a young intern at the hospital , who, along with Coleman, tried to push for the third test. When the baby is born seriously ill, Dr. Charles Dornberger , Mrs. Alexander's OB/GYN, berates Pearson and conducts a blood transfusion to save the baby's life. Pearson's future at the hospital becomes uncertain, and he resigns. Coleman has changed his mind about Cathy's tumor and agrees with Pearson's decision, while Pearson says that Coleman reminds him of himself when he was young and urges him not to let hospital bureaucracy to wear him down."] ["The film tells the story of Tom, a young man from Pennsylvania who travels to Los Angeles to start working for an ambulance company. There, he is paired with an utterly self-assured veteran named Jimmy who has apparently gone through many partners in his time. In the beginning, Tom is overwhelmed by Jimmy's competence to deal with the high-pressure job, but slowly but surely he discovers that Jimmy is not the cool and collected man he thought he was. While Jimmy seems to have everything under control on the surface, he gets through the traumatic effects of the job by heavy use of drugs and avoiding commitments. Before long Tom finds himself pulled into the same world and has to come to a decision about what direction he wants to take in his life."] ["17-year-old Casey Powell is a shy and insecure teenager, whose friends are caught up with dieting to become better in ballet. Her parents, Frank and Joanne, give all their attention to her 19-year-old sister Gail, who just found out she is pregnant by somebody she has no interest in marrying. Frank is infuriated and Joanne is worried about Gail, so they forget to spend time with Casey. They think of her as the good girl who doesn't cause any trouble. Feeling ignored, Casey starts wanting to look like the girls on the covers of magazines and begins working out and dieting as well. One day, Casey's friends convince her to join a ballet lesson. Casey is noticed by the teacher, Madame Seurat, who tells her she could be very good if she loses a few pounds. It doesn't take long before Casey becomes a starving anorexic who occasionally purges. She is surprised when her parents don't take her desire of professional dancing seriously, but doesn't give up her dream. Over the next two months, Casey becomes obsessed with dieting and improving in ballet. This causes her school work to deteriorate, which brings attention from her parents. When her sister really sees how thin Casey is, she warns her parents. Casey is sent to a doctor who orders her to start eating normally again, threatening to send her to a hospital if she doesn't. Despite the pressure, Casey is afraid to gain weight and continues her eating disorder secretly. When her parents discover diet pills, Frank tries to force her to eat, but she refuses to do so. When she returns home from a party she tries to convince her parents that she ate at the party, but Frank isn't convinced and tries to shove a peanut butter sandwich in her mouth, but she bites his hand. After her parents take the pills from her, Casey steals a package at the pharmacy the next day. However, she is caught and is arrested. After her parents bail her out, she collapses outside the police station and is taken to the hospital. She tries to run away, but collapses yet again outside the hospital and is taken back. In the hospital, she befriends fellow patient Carol Link. Carol is also suffering from anorexia and bulimia and gives Casey advice about how to get kicked out of the hospital and also teaches her tricks to mislead the doctors. At one moment, Carol overdoses on pills and Casey witnesses her dying. Crushed and devastated, she runs away, but collapses for the third time. When she becomes conscious again, she is angry that she is back in the hospital. She tells her doctor, Clay Orlovsky, that she is afraid to die as well, but he assures her that is not going to happen. When Casey improves, she is finally allowed to see her family again. Dr. Orlovsky analyzes their meeting. He tells the family that he thinks Casey has developed an eating disorder because it seems to be the only way for her to get attention. After a while, Casey finally recovers and is released from the hospital. She doesn't want to leave, however, and feels safer with Dr. Orlovsky. In the final scene, she eats ice cream without disliking it."] ['Jackie and Luke Harrison  are a divorced couple that are struggling to raise their children, Anna  and Ben , happy with this sudden change of lifestyle. This is far from easy, as Luke, an attorney, is living with his new girlfriend Isabel , a successful fashion photographer several years his junior. Isabel tries very hard to make Anna and Ben feel comfortable and happy with her, but Anna repeatedly rejects her overtures while Ben, who is generally kind to Isabel, adds extra complication with his mischievous nature. Isabel behaves with contempt tempered by caution around Jackie, believing she overcompensates for her divorce by spoiling her children. Conversely, Jackie, a former publisher turned stay-at-home-mom, gives Isabel a cold reception, seeing her as an overly ambitious career woman. She also continues to harbor malice against Luke . After a long string of arguments and hurt feelings between Isabel, Jackie and Anna, Luke proposes to Isabel, making her Anna and Ben\'s soon-to-be official stepmom. This causes even more friction. However, Jackie is diagnosed with lymphoma, which is discovered to be terminal. She experiences a range of negative emotions, angry at the woman who she feels played a role in her broken family, and angry at the fact that after all of the sacrifices she made for her family, she will not even get to see her children grow up. Both Jackie and Isabel clash repeatedly, largely over Isabel\'s parenting. This becomes evident when Ben goes missing on Isabel\'s watch and Jackie claims that she has never lost him, which she later admits to be untrue. However, they manage to call a shaky truce, as both Jackie and Isabel come to terms with the fact that the latter will soon step into the role of surrogate mother. The two women finally bond with each other when Isabel reveals her admiration of Jackie\'s maternal instincts, while Jackie in turn compliments Isabel\'s hipness as a means to connect with Anna. Isabel finally lets her guard down when she tearfully tells Jackie her biggest fear is that on Anna\'s wedding day, all Anna will wish for is her mother\'s presence. Through her own tears, Jackie says her own fear is that Anna will forget her. Jackie explains to Isabel that, while Jackie will always have their past, Isabel will have their future. The film ends with the family celebrating Christmas. Jackie, bedridden from her illness, is visited in her room by Ben and Anna. Individually, Jackie tells her children after giving them their presents that even though she will die, she will always be with them as long as they remember her. Later that day, Isabel is taking a family picture of Luke and Jackie with their children. Jackie demonstrates her acceptance of Isabel by inviting to join them in the portrait, stating "let\'s get [a photo] with the whole family". Isabel does, and as the closing credits begin, both women are shown happily in a photo side by side, finally at peace with one another and future events .'] ["Brando appears at the start of the film as Ken, a young infantry lieutenant leading his platoon through an embattled European town. He advances into an open square and a shot rings out. He is hit in the lower back and in an instant a robust young man is made paraplegic for the rest of his life. In the hospital Ken is a sullen and resentful patient, and in feeling sorry for himself he finds no sympathy from his fellow paraplegics. (These include Norm, a bitter and caustic man, , and Leo,  Ken's reluctance to respond to treatment begins to diminish through the persistence of his fiancée  who refuses to give him up, despite his wish that she do so. With the support too, of a sympathetic doctor , Ken begins to tackle the programme of adjustment. He decides to go through with the wedding, determined to take the vows standing up at the altar. The wedding night however is painful for him and he returns to the hospital. Later he is involved in a drunk driving accident and is disciplined by his fellow patients. Eventually Ken comes to appreciate that he has responsibilities, especially to his wife, who is also faced with the problems of being married to a paraplegic, a course she has accepted with full knowledge and considerable courage."] ['Stephanie Anderson is struck with Multiple Sclerosis and she is slipping into the depths of depression. She begins seeing a psychiatrist and despises him for not being able to feel her pain. Her conductor husband is also drifting away from her, having an affair with his secretary. Stephanie shuts herself away from the world, once locking her door and replaying her old concert tapes, watching despairingly as her on-screen self plays music that she will never be able to create again. She attempts suicide but fails when her maid rescues her. Soon, however, she comes to terms with the facts of her bitter end and realizes that life must go on.'] ['Will Keane  is a successful forty-eight year old restauranteur and womanizer who is the subject of a recent New York Magazine cover story. Charlotte Fielding  is a free-spirited twenty-two year old woman brought to Will\'s upscale restaurant by her grandmother and friends to celebrate her birthday. Will notices her immediately, and her grandmother, an old friend of his, introduces them. Will admires the hats she made for the occasion, and is surprised to learn that Charlotte is the daughter of one of his old girlfriends. The next day, Will calls and asks Charlotte to make a hat for his date for an upcoming benefit dinner. A few days later, she delivers the hat to his apartment. Stood up by his date, he invites her to accompany him to the formal benefit. There they dance and get to know each other, and later end up back at his apartment where they make love. The next morning, while having breakfast on his terrace, Will explains that their relationship has no future. She acknowledges this, revealing she is dying from a heart condition. Later Will tells his friend, John Volpe , about his interest in Charlotte. The next day, Will calls on Charlotte and they go out together. They talk about their age difference and her illness. As they walk through the beautiful fall foliage in Central Park, Charlotte recites lines from a poem: "O world, I cannot hold thee close enough! Thy winds, thy wide grey skies! Thy mists that roll and rise!""God\'s World" by Edna St. Vincent Millay Meanwhile in another room, Will meets a former girlfriend and the two end up on the roof having sex. Later, Charlotte suspects that he was unfaithful, and after denying it, he acknowledges his actions. Charlotte breaks off their relationship. They are both deeply affected by the breakup. Meanwhile, Will receives a letter from Lisa Tyler , the illegitimate daughter he\'s never met. He goes to the museum where she works and recognizes her from an old photo, but he is unable to approach her. A few nights later he arrives home and Lisa is waiting for him in the lobby; they talk for the first time. She is pregnant and has become sentimental about parenthood, wanting just to meet her own father. She tells him about a dream she\'s had, that he\'s been trying to find her all these years in order to say he was sorry for abandoning her. Will says quietly, "Yes I am." The next day, Will is walking through Central Park and steps over a fence onto a path, leaving behind some children playing beneath a tree. That night, Charlotte returns to her apartment and finds Will asleep in her chair. Angry at first, she tells him to leave, but he apologizes and pleads to be given another chance—to let him love her again. She cries as he holds her in his arms, and later that night they make love. In the morning, Charlotte recites to him lines from a poem: "The stars are soft as flowers, and as near; the hills are webs of shadow, slowly spun; no separate leaf or single blade is here—all blend to one.""Midnight" by Dorothy Parker Their hands separate as Charlotte is taken to the operating room. Will, his friends, Lisa, and Charlotte\'s grandmother wait during the long hours of surgery. Outside the hospital, seagulls fly off into the snowy skies over the city. Finally, the specialist emerges from surgery, and as he approaches it is clear from his expression that he could not save her. Back at his apartment, Will finds Charlotte\'s Christmas gift lying on the floor—a small box with the hat stem she designed for him. Opening the box, he finds the watch she took from him on their first date. He stands at his window weeping, holding the box closely to his breast. The following summer on a small boat on Central Park Lake, Will is holding his newborn grandson in his arms as his daughter Lisa looks on with a loving smile. Will notices a swan, and then a reflection in the water of a young woman walking over the Bow Bridge. Father, daughter, and grandson drift peacefully on the lake.'] ['The film concerns Dr. Akagi, a doctor on an island in the Seto Inland Sea area during World War II. He runs into conflict with the military while trying to combat a hepatitis epidemic. Akagi earns the nickname "Dr. Liver"  because of his work.'] ['In 1969, Hunter Adams  is a troubled man who voluntarily commits himself into a mental institution. Once there, he finds that helping his fellow inmates gives him a purpose in life and earns the nickname "Patch". Because of this he aspires to become a medical doctor and two years later enrolls at Virginia Medical University, being the oldest first year student. He questions the school\'s approach to medical care, and clashes with the school\'s Dean Walcott , who believes that doctors must treat patients and not bond with them as people. Because of this and other incidents, including a prank during a medical conference, he is expelled from the school, although he is later reinstated due to his methods actually improving the health of patients. Adams encourages medical students to cultivate relationships with nurses and learn their interviewing skills early, and argues that death should be treated with dignity and even humor. Adams begins a friendship with fellow student Carin Fisher , and develops his idea for a medical clinic built around his philosophy of treating patients through humor and compassion. With the help of Arthur Mendelson , a wealthy man who was a patient whom Patch met while in the mental hospital, he purchases 105 acres  in West Virginia to construct the future Gesundheit! Institute. Together with Carin, medical student Truman Schiff , and some old friends, he renovates an old cottage. When they get the clinic running, they treat walk-in patients without medical insurance, and perform comedy sketches for them. Carin and Patch\'s friendship soon turns into romance. She reveals to him that she had been molested as a child, distancing herself from men and dreaming of becoming a butterfly to escape her torment, but Patch reassures her that she can overcome her pain to help others. Encouraged, Carin wants to help a disturbed patient, Lawrence "Larry" Silver , by visiting him at home. Larry turns out to be far more disturbed than anybody expected, and murders Carin, turning the shotgun on himself soon after. Patch is devastated and guilt-ridden by Carin\'s death. He reconsiders his outlook, and questions the goodness of humanity. He contemplates suicide and questions God for what happened. He then turns to see a butterfly which reminds him of Carin and hope, and so decides to continue his work in her honor. However he is dismissed from the school for a second time because he ran a clinic and practiced medicine without a license. He files a grievance with the state medical board at the advice of his former Med school roommate, Mitch Roman , and must attend a hearing where it is decided whether he can graduate. Patch is able to convince the board in a final speech that he did his best to help the people that came to him, and as a doctor it is his responsibility to treat the disease of the body as well as a person\'s spirit regardless of outcome. The jury accepts Patch\'s medical methods and decides to allow him to graduate. He receives a standing ovation from the packed hearing room. Even at graduation, Patch cannot help but be a non-conformist. After handing Adams a diploma, Walcott approves of Patch\'s conformity, to which Patch bows to the professors and the audience, revealing his nude bottom under his gown.'] ["Dante Remus Lăzărescu , a cranky retired engineer, lives alone with his three cats in a Bucharest apartment. In the grip of extreme pain, Lăzărescu calls for an ambulance, but once it becomes clear that no ambulance is coming, he asks for his neighbors' help. Not having the medicine Lăzărescu wants, and not wanting to worsen his condition by giving him the wrong medication, the neighbors give him some pills for his nausea. In the hallway, talking with his neighbor, we discover that Lăzărescu is a heavy drinker. His neighbor then helps Lăzărescu back to his apartment and lays him down on his bed. After Lăzărescu vomits blood strings, the neighbors decide to call an ambulance. When the ambulance finally arrives, the nurse, Mioara  dispels the idea that Lăzărescu's ulcer surgery over a decade before is the culprit for this pain. While performing a patient history, we learn that Lăzărescu's drink of choice is a strong, homemade liquor called Mastropol. The nurse suspects he has colon cancer, and, after informing his sister who lives in a different city that the condition could be serious and she should visit Lăzărescu in the hospital, the nurse decides to get him to a hospital. His sister makes arrangements to come the following day; his wife had died eight years earlier, and his only child, a daughter, lives in Toronto.  The film follows Lăzărescu's journey through the night, as he is carried from one hospital to the next. At the first three hospitals, the doctors, after much delay, reluctantly agree to examine Lăzărescu. Then, although finding that he is gravely ill and needs emergency surgery, keep refusing to hospitalize him and send him away. Meanwhile, his health deteriorates rapidly, his speech is reduced to babbling and he slowly loses consciousness. The reasons for neglecting him range from the fact that the hospitals are jammed with injured passengers from a bus accident to the doctors being only humans who are tired, bored, or simply do not feel like taking care of a smelly old drunkard. During the night, his only advocate is the paramedic, who stubbornly stays by him and tries to get him hospitalized and treated, while passively accepting verbal abuse from the doctors who look down on her. Finally, at the fourth hospital, the doctors accept Lăzărescu for an emergency operation to remove a blood clot in his brain, so that his incurable liver neoplasm can kill him, as one of the doctors in the film cynically comments."] ["Ambitious, callous, narcissistic, and at times unethical, Henry Turner is a highly successful Manhattan attorney whose obsession with his work leaves him little time for his prim socialite wife Sarah and troubled preteen daughter Rachel. He has just won a malpractice suit in which he defended a hospital against a plaintiff who claims, but is unable to prove, that he warned the hospital of a problem. Running out to buy cigarettes one night, he is shot when he interrupts a convenience store robbery in progress. One bullet hits his right frontal lobe, which controls some behavior and restraint, while the other pierces his chest and hits his left subclavian vein, causing excessive internal bleeding and cardiac arrest. He experiences anoxia, a lack of oxygen to the brain, resulting in brain damage. Henry survives, but initially he can neither move nor talk, and he suffers retrograde amnesia. He regains movement and speech with the help of a physical therapist named Bradley. Upon returning to his luxurious apartment, the almost childlike Henry is impressed by the surroundings he once barely noticed. As he forges a new relationship with Sarah and Rachel, he slowly realizes he does not like the person he was before the attack. His firm allows him to return to work out of deference to his previous contributions to the firm's success. As his firm takes away his old assignments and large office and essentially assigns him only busy work, Henry finds it difficult to remain a lawyer. After he resigns the family decides to relocate to a less expensive, suburban residence. He finds letters from a former colleague disclosing an affair he had with Sarah, becomes angry and upset, and leaves home. He is confronted by Linda, a fellow attorney at his firm, who reveals that they were also having an affair and that he had said he would leave Sarah. Henry, realizing that  everything had been wrong before, returns to her and is reconciled. Also, he gives documents from his last case that were suppressed by his firm to the plaintiff whom he now realizes was in the right. He also goes to take Rachel out of the elite school where she is unhappy."] ['In nineteenth century France, the radical theories of Louis Pasteur  are dismissed by most doctors, particularly his most vocal critic, Dr. Charbonnet . Nonetheless, Pasteur carries on, with the assistance of a small group of loyal researchers, and finds a cure for anthrax. He also campaigns to have doctors wash their hands and sterilize their instruments before operating. When a frantic mother  brings him her son ([[Dickie Moore , who has been bitten by a rabid dog, Pasteur is persuaded to try out his untested treatment on the child. In the end, he is vindicated and honored.'] ["A man who had a stroke 17 years ago is left incapacitated and bed-ridden. He has been cared for by his daughter Bessie  in their Florida home, and totally ignored by his other daughter, Lee , who moved to Ohio with her husband 20 years ago and has never contacted her family. Now, however, Bessie's doctor has informed her that she has leukemia and needs a bone marrow transplantReview - Marvin's Room Explores the Ties That Bind by Gary Johnson, imagesjournal.com, Issue 2. and she turns to her sister for help. Lee, in turn, turns to her son Hank , who has been committed to a mental institution for setting fire to his mother's house. When Lee finds that she may have to take over her father's care, she at first begins shopping around for nursing homes. Eventually, however, the once-estranged family grows close. Overview New York Times.'Marvin's Room': No Emote Control by Desson Howe, Washington Post Staff Writer, January 10, 1997."] ["An idealistic young medical student named Martin Arrowsmith  makes a favorable impression on Dr. Max Gottlieb . When Arrowsmith graduates, Gottlieb offers him a position as his research assistant, but the young man reluctantly has to turn him down. He has fallen in love with nurse Leora , and the salary is not enough to support the couple. Instead, he marries Leora and sets up his medical practice in her rural home town. One day, he develops a serum to cure a fatal cow disease ravaging the nearby herds. Reinvigorated, he decides to join Gottlieb at the McGurk Institute in New York. Meanwhile, Leora miscarries and, to the couple's sorrow, is unable to have any more children, so she devotes herself to supporting her husband's mission. When there is an outbreak of bubonic plague in the West Indies, Gottlieb believes that Arrowsmith's experience with his cow serum would prove invaluable. Eager to help mankind, Arrowsmith goes to a Caribbean island to work with scientist Gustav Sondelius ([[Richard Bennett  in his struggle to save the natives. Leora accompanies him, despite his fear for her safety. Sir Robert Fairland  refuses to let him give his serum to only half the people and give the other half a placebo in order to test the effectiveness of the cure. Howard University-educated Dr. Oliver Marchand  offers them the people of his island as test subjects. Among the participants in the experiment is Mrs. Joyce Lanyon , a New Yorker stranded on the island who is attracted to Arrowsmith. Sondelius contracts the disease; just before he dies, he pleads with Arrowsmith to save as many lives as possible by abandoning the scientific protocol. The young doctor becomes worried about his wife. He goes to see her, but too late; she too has succumbed to the plague. Arrowsmith then decides to give the serum to all, saving many lives. On Arrowsmith's return to New York, Dr. Tubbs , the head of the McGurk Institute, is eager to bask in his reflected glory. However, when Gottlieb suffers a stroke during the reception in Arrowsmith's honor, Arrowsmith decides to quit the institute and join his friend and co-worker Terry Wickett  in a makeshift lab doing real research."] ['Andrew Beckett  is a senior associate at the largest corporate law firm in Philadelphia. Although he lives with his partner Miguel Álvarez , Beckett is not open about his homosexuality at the law firm, nor the fact that he has AIDS. On the day he is assigned the firm\'s newest and most important case, one of the firm\'s partners notices a small lesion on Beckett\'s forehead. Shortly thereafter, Beckett stays home from work for several days to try to find a way to hide his lesions. While at home, he finishes the complaint for the case he has been assigned and then brings it to his office, leaving instructions for his assistants to file the complaint in court on the following day, which marks the end of the statute of limitations for the case. Beckett suffers from bowel spasms at home and is rushed to the hospital. Later that morning, while still at the ER, he receives a frantic call from the firm asking for the complaint, as the paper copy cannot be found and there are no copies on the computer\'s hard drive. However, the complaint is finally discovered and is filed with the court at the last possible moment. The following day, Beckett is dismissed by the firm\'s partners, who had previously referred to him as their "buddy", but now question his professional abilities in light of the misplaced document. Beckett believes that someone deliberately hid his paperwork to give the firm a pretext to fire him, and that the firing is actually as a result of his diagnosis with AIDS. He asks several attorneys to take his case, including personal injury lawyer Joe Miller , with whom he had been involved in a previous case. Miller, who is admittedly homophobic and knows little about AIDS, initially declines to take the case and immediately visits his doctor to find out if he could have contracted the AIDS through shaking Beckett\'s hand. The doctor explains the methods of HIV infection. The doctor then offers to take a sample of Miller\'s blood, suspecting that Miller was asking about AIDS because he suspected he had contracted it and was trying to hide it. Miller dismisses the request by laughing it off, taking it as a joke. Unable to find a lawyer willing to represent him, Beckett is compelled to act as his own attorney. While researching a case at a law library, Miller sees Beckett at a nearby table. After a librarian announces that he has found a book on AIDS discrimination for Beckett, others in the library begin to first stare and then move away, and the librarian suggests Beckett retire to a private room. Disgusted by their behavior, Miller approaches Beckett and reviews the material he has gathered. It is obvious he has decided to take the case. Upon receiving a summons by Miller, the head of the firm, Charles Wheeler , worries about the damage the lawsuit could do to his business and reputation, although one partner  unsuccessfully tries to convince them to settle out of court with Beckett. As the case goes before the court, Wheeler takes the stand, claiming that Beckett was incompetent and claiming that he had deliberately tried to hide his condition. The defense repeatedly suggests that Beckett had invited his illness through promiscuity and was therefore not a victim. In the course of testimony, it is revealed that the partner who had noticed Beckett\'s lesion had previously worked with a woman who had contracted AIDS after a blood transfusion and so would have recognized the lesion as relating to AIDS. In one of the most dramatic scenes, and to prove that the lesions would have been visible, Miller asks Beckett to unbutton his shirt while on the witness stand, revealing that his lesions were indeed visible and recognizable as such. During cross-examination, Beckett admits that he was originally planning to tell his law colleagues that he was gay, but changed his mind after hearing them make homophobic jokes in the sauna of a health club. When asked about the truth of how he got infected, he confirms that he engaged in anonymous sex with another man at a pornographic movie theater. However, he and Miller gain an advantage when the partner who advised settling out of court confesses he long suspected Beckett had AIDS but never said anything, and how he regrets his inaction. Beckett collapses during Wheeler\'s testimony. During his hospitalization, the jury votes in his favor, awarding him back pay, damages for pain and suffering, and punitive damages totaling more than $5M. Miller visits Beckett in the hospital after the verdict and overcomes his fear enough to touch Beckett\'s face. After Beckett\'s family leaves the room, he tells Miguel that he is ready to die. A short scene immediately afterward shows Miller getting the word that Beckett has died. The movie ends with a reception at Beckett\'s home following the funeral, where many mourners, including the Millers, view home movies of Beckett as a healthy child.'] ['Kanji Watanabe  is a middle-aged man who has worked in the same monotonous bureaucratic position for thirty years. His wife is dead and his son and daughter-in-law, who live with him, seem to care mainly about Watanabe\'s pension and their future inheritance. After learning he has stomach cancer and less than a year to live, Watanabe attempts to come to terms with his impending death. He plans to tell his son about the cancer, but decides against it when his son does not pay attention to him. He then tries to find escape in the pleasures of Tokyo\'s nightlife, but after one night realizes this is not the solution. In a nightclub, Watanabe requests a song from the piano player, and sings "Gondola no Uta" with great sadness. His singing greatly affects those watching him. The song is a ballad encouraging young women to find love while they are still young and beautiful, for life is short. The following day, a chance encounter with one of his former subordinates leads him to pursue a different course. Watanabe is attracted to her joyous love of life and enthusiasm. He opens up to her by saying he just wants to live one day in such a carefree, youthful way as she does. She reveals that her happiness comes from her new job making toys, which makes her feel like she is playing with all the children of Japan. Inspired by her example, Watanabe dedicates his remaining time to accomplishing one worthwhile achievement before his life ends; through his persistent efforts, he is able to overcome the inertia of bureaucracy and turn a mosquito-infested cesspool into a children\'s playground. The last third of the film takes place during Watanabe\'s wake, as his former co-workers try to figure out what caused such a dramatic change in his behavior. His transformation from listless bureaucrat to passionate advocate puzzles them. As the co-workers drink, they slowly realize that Watanabe must have known he was dying. They drunkenly vow to live their lives with the same dedication and passion as he did. But back at work, they lack the courage of their newfound conviction. An iconic scene from the film is from the last few moments in Watanabe\'s life, as he sits on the swing at the park he built. As the snow falls, we see Watanabe gazing lovingly over the playground, at peace with himself and the world. He again starts singing "Gondola no Uta".'] ['Longtime Companion chronicles the first years of the AIDS epidemic as seen through its impact on several gay men and the straight sister of one of them. The film is split into several sections identified by dates.  Willy  a personal trainer, and his friend John  are spending time with affluent gay couple David  and Sean  at their beach house on Fire Island for the 4th of July. Sean is a screenwriter for the popular daytime soap opera Other People and David comes from a blue blood background and has a large trust fund. Back in the city, Howard ([[Patrick Cassidy  is preparing to audition for Sean\'s soap. His boyfriend is Paul  a business executive and their next-door neighbor is Lisa , whose brother Fuzzy ([[Stephen Caffrey , is a lawyer who represents Howard. That morning, The New York Times publishes its first article about the rise of a new "gay cancer." The news spreads as friends call each other. Some are immediately concerned, others dismissive. Willy meets Fuzzy at a tea dance later in the afternoon and they begin a relationship. Howard lands the role.  John is the first among the group to be diagnosed with the new disease, contracting pneumonia. Howard is given script pages in which his character is slated to become the first openly gay character on daytime television. He\'s very concerned about typecasting, fearing that by playing gay he won\'t be offered other sorts of parts. Willy and Fuzzy move in together. John dies shortly after his admission to the hospital.  Willy, Fuzzy, Lisa, David and Sean gather back on Fire Island with friends Michael and Bob to watch Howard\'s character come out on the soap opera. The group also discuss a sick neighbor who has become a pariah on the island. That evening, Sean and David argue over Sean\'s fears that he might be getting sick.  Paul is hospitalized with toxoplasmosis. Sean is also hospitalized. Willy visits Sean and is so terrified of becoming infected that he dons a surgical mask and protective gown and, when Sean kisses him on the neck, excuses himself to the bathroom to scrub the spot. Michael is also visiting Sean, bringing with him homeopathic preparations and a book by Louise Hay. Howard visits Paul and breaks down sobbing. Paul tries to reassure and comfort him.  Sean has deteriorated to the point of dementia. David is helping with his writing and deceiving the studio into thinking that Sean is still able to work. Fuzzy tries to get Howard a movie role but the producer refuses to cast him because of the rumor that he has AIDS. Paul is back in the hospital following a seizure. David takes Sean for a walk but has to take him home when Sean urinates in a fountain. That night Willy catches Fuzzy checking himself for swollen glands and they talk about their fear of dying. "What do you think happens when we die?" Fuzzy asks. "We get to have sex again" is Willy\'s reply.  Sean has deteriorated to the point of near-catatonia and is in constant pain. He has to be strapped into his bed and has lost control of his bowels and bladder and has to wear adult diapers as a result. After sending Sean\'s nurse on an errand, David sits with Sean and tells him that it\'s all right to let go, to stop fighting to stay alive. Sean dies. Willy and Lisa come by to help David and they pick out a suit for Sean to wear to be cremated. Fuzzy calls Gay Men\'s Health Crisis to find a funeral home. In a rare moment of levity, Lisa and Willy stumble across a slinky red dress in Sean\'s closet and consider giving it to the undertaker. "What could they say", asks Willy, "if we said we knew him and we knew that\'s the way he wanted to be remembered?" Ultimately they decide against it, since "it needs a hat. A big Bea Lillie thing!" The four go to a Chinese restaurant to write Sean\'s obituary and include David as his "longtime companion."  David has died in his sleep and this is the day of his memorial service. Bob and Willy eulogize him. At the reception following the service, the friends recall a time when David tried on his sister\'s wedding dress, accidentally tripped, and fell down the stairs, still wearing the dress.  Fuzzy and Lisa are volunteering answering phones at GMHC. Willy is a "buddy" to a GMHC client, Alberto. Howard has been diagnosed as being HIV positive. Although it\'s not mentioned, the presumption is that Paul has died. Howard exploits his remaining fame as a former soap opera star to raise money for AIDS causes by hosting a benefit which includes a performance by Finger Lakes Trio of the Village People song "YMCA" performed in a pastiche of chamber music style.  Willy, Fuzzy and Lisa walk along the beach. While it is again unstated, the presumption is that Howard has died. They talk about an upcoming ACT UP demonstration. They talk about remembering a time before AIDS and wonder about finding a cure. The film ends with a momentary fantasy sequence, with the friends and others lost to AIDS appearing with them on the beach, before they vanish again and the three are left to walk off the deserted beach while the song "Post-Mortem Bar", by Zane Campbell, plays on the soundtrack.'] ["Army medical officer Tom Owen returns home to Coalville, Pennsylvania. He learns his brother Floyd, a mine safety engineer killed in an explosion, might have been negligent in his duty and is heavily in debt to a man named Dan Reasonover. Twice divorced Helen Curtis, who is Dan's daughter, asks Tom for a date. He is warned about her, but can't resist. Knowing that Tom has vowed to pay his late brother's debts, Helen persuades him to accept a position at a Pittsburgh clinic run by a Dr. Gleeson. New nurse Joan Lasher is disappointed that Tom treats wealthy society patients for minor ailments when he could be doing more good elsewhere. She is impressed by his idealistic Army acquaintance, Dr. Jim Crowley, who is concerned with the health of people more in need. Emergency surgery is needed for Helen's rich aunt. Her physician, Gleeson, pleads with Tom to perform the operation for him. Tom does, unethically, and Joan quits as his nurse. Helen's aunt offers a $10,000 reward, which Gleeson offers to split. In another mine explosion, Joan and Jim are trapped. Tom arrives in time to rescue them, but Jim dies in the ambulance. He resigns from the clinic and Helen leaves him, but Joan now stands by his side."] ["It stars Takashi Shimura as an alcoholic doctor in postwar Japan who treats a young, small-time hood named Matsunaga , after a gunfight with a rival syndicate. The doctor diagnoses the young gangster with tuberculosis, and convinces him to begin treatment . The two enjoy an uneasy friendship until the gangster's former boss, Okada, who is also the former abusive boyfriend of the doctor's female assistant, is released from prison and seeks to take his gang over once again. The sick young man then stops following the doctor's advice, slips back into old habits and threatens to kill him. Matsunaga realizes that Okada is not a true friend, and that the big Yakuza crime boss is merely using Matsunaga as a pawn to be given up to the rival gang. When the doctor leaves his house to go report on Okada to the police, despite the doctor's orders to remain in bed, Matsunaga slips out to confront Okada  but Matsunaga is killed in the ensuing knife fight. The film ends with a local shop-owner woman who had feelings for Matsunaga planning to take Matsunaga's ashes to be buried on her farm, far from the corrupt and dirty city, and the doctor happily learning that one of his younger patients has been fully cured of tuberculosis."] ["After a car accident, sculptor Ken Harrison becomes a quadriplegic who sues for the right to end his life, no longer able to create art, make love or have any semblance of a normal existence. He hires a lawyer  who, reluctantly at first, represents Harrison while knowing that he is trying to win his client a death sentence. Staunchly opposed to euthanasia is a by-the-book hospital administrator , who is determined to keep his patient alive even against his wishes, and sympathetic doctor , who develops personal feelings for Harrison. She wants to keep him alive, even though Harrison's girlfriend has accepted his decision. A young orderly ([[Thomas Carter  and nurse  do what they can to keep Harrison's spirits up, even wheeling him to a hospital basement where they treat him to reggae music and marijuana. In the end, though, it is up to a judge ([[Kenneth McMillan  whether the patient has a moral, ethical and legal right to choose to die."] ['Mr. Jones  is a man suffering from bipolar disorder, a disease that affords him periods of intense emotional pleasure and expansiveness but which also results in periods of suicidal depression. Libbie , a doctor at a psychiatric hospital, takes an interest in his condition, and also in him.'] 