['Carrie Snyder  is a prostitute, who is forced out of the fictional southern town of Crebillon, after forming a friendship with a young boy named Paul , whose dying mother  is unable to protest against her son visiting such a woman. After Carrie has left town Paul runs away from his abusive father ([[John Wray , and meets a girl named Lady  who has run away from a burning trainwreck, not wanting to go back to the people she was with. Carrie comes back for Paul and ends up taking Paul and Lady to New York with her. Carrie gets an apartment and starts a successful chain of laundry stores. Eventually they become very rich and Lady  grows very attracted to Paul ([[John Howard . However Paul feels obligated to take care of a young woman named Lili  whose brother\'s death he caused . Lilli pretends to love Paul because he is rich, which Carrie is able to see, but which Paul does not. She devises a plan to make Lilli leave, if she will bribe some people to help get Lilli\'s true love out of jail, she will leave Paul. They go to break the man out of jail, but they are caught. Lilli is shot dead and Carrie gets sent to jail. An old lawyer friend ([[Harry Carey  vows to fight for her freedom, but Carrie decides to plead guilty, because she doesn\'t want Lady to know about her past  and also because she fears that this damage to her reputation would also be bad for the reputation of the children. The lawyer ends by remarking to Paul\'s employer ([[Dudley Digges  that, "valiant is the word for Carrie".'] ['In the 1840s, two sisters fall in love with the same man. While drunk, the man writes a letter proposing marriage to the wrong one.'] ["Tito , a traveling circus clown, finds an abandoned child . Tito adopts her and raises her as his daughter, naming her Simonetta after his partner Simon . One day Simonetta  encounters Luigi , a wealthy man who falls madly in love with her, but she rejects him. She returns home to the circus and Tito suddenly realizes she is no longer a child. Tito further realizes he has feelings for Simonetta, but also knows his feelings are improper because he raised her as his daughter. Luigi begins having fits of uncontrollable laughter because Simonetta has rejected him. Tito falls into melancholy because he believes he should not have Simonetta as a love interest. They both see the same doctor about their conditions and meet for the first time. They share their respective troubles and believe they can help each other, not knowing they both love the same woman. Nonetheless, the three eventually develop a strong friendship until Luigi asks Simonetta to marry him. Simonetta eventually accepts Luigi's proposal, which throws Tito into an even deeper melancholy. Simonetta learns of Tito's affections for her before she marries Luigi. She tells Tito she loved him before she loved Luigi, then goes to break her engagement with Luigi. While Simonetta is breaking her engagement, Tito and Simon begin rehearsing some new material for their Flik and Flok act. Tito does not believe Simonetta's love is genuine, but that it is just pity. He becomes emotionally hysterical, and falls from the highwire while practicing a familiar stunt. There are two endings. In one, Tito dies from his fall, freeing Simonetta to marry Luigi. In the alternate, Tito survives his fall and Simonetta marries Luigi, and they all remain close friends."] ["In 1900, lumberman Jim Fallon  greedily eyes the big trees in the virgin region of northern California. The land is already settled by, among others, a religious group led by Elder Bixby ([[Charles Meredith . Jim becomes infatuated with Bixby's daughter, Alicia , though that does not change his plan to cheat the homesteaders. When Jim's right-hand man, Yukon Burns  finds out, he changes sides and leads the locals in resisting Jim. Elder Bixby is killed when a big sequoia tree is chopped down by Jim's men and accidentally falls on his cabin. Jim's desperate attempt to rescue Alicia's father saves him from being convicted of murder. Meanwhile, timber rival Cleve Gregg  appears on the scene, making it a three-way fight. Gregg and his partner Frenchy LeCroix ([[John Archer  try to assassinate Jim, but end up killing Yukon instead. Jim has a dramatic change of heart and leads the settlers in defeating Gregg and Frenchy. Afterwards, Jim marries Alicia and settles down."] ['In 1943, a WREN  and an RAF pilot  meet at an auction of Rohan family heirlooms, now all being sold off after the last of the Rohan male line was killed at Dunkirk. After the RAF pilot inadvertently casts aspersions on the Rohan family, the WREN reveals that the last male Rohan was in fact her brother. The RAF man apologises, and reveals that his family are connected to the Rohans in a way, and so they arrange to meet for lunch and at the auction the following day. Back in the Regency period, a new teacher arrives at Miss Patchett\'s school for young ladies at Bath. This is Hesther , whose family in Manchester has fallen on hard times and are being done a favor by Miss Patchett. She, however, resents living off charity and so she soon afterwards comes into friction with Clarissa , a minor heiress who is a pupil at the school. In time, Clarissa and Hesther patch up their differences and become friends, soon before Hesther runs away with Barbary, a penniless ensign. Miss Patchett forbids the disgraced name of Hesther to be mentioned at the school as a result and so Clarissa, out of loyalty to her friend, leaves the school. In London, Clarissa\'s godmother arranges for her to meet the eponymous man in grey , Lord Rohan , a notorious rake, misanthrope and duelist with a huge fortune. He marries her, though neither of them does so out of love - she does so to please her godmother, and he to gain an heir to the Rohan line - and they live separate lives. Clarissa sees an advertisement for a production of Othello in Saint Albans featuring a "Mrs Barbary," whom she rightly takes to be Hesther under her married name. On the way there in her coach, she is waylaid by a mysterious man  who hitches a ride with them to St Albans and turns out to be Rokeby, the actor playing Othello. Hesther is invited to supper after the play by Clarissa, and tells her that Ensign Barbary died in her arms some time past, leaving her penniless. Clarissa promises to get her a position as her son\'s governess and, though Lord Rohan refuses to grant this position, he does allow Hesther to stay on as Clarissa\'s companion. Shortly afterwards, when Rohan and Hesther are together, he reveals that he knows she has deceived Clarissa - Hesther in fact left her dissolute husband soon after marrying him, and he had in fact then died in the Fleet Prison - out of ruthless ambition. Rohan admires this and the two begin an affair. Attending horse-racing at Epsom Downs, Clarissa and Rokeby meet again and fall further in love. Hesther gets Rohan to give Rokeby a job on his country estate so as to draw Rokeby and Clarissa away from London and, though Rokeby warns Hesther that he knows what she is trying to do, the ploy succeeds. Later, Rokeby and Clarissa return to London separately and then attempt to elope together to recover his estates in Jamaica , but Rohan stops them and a duel between him and Rokeby ensues in the Vauxhall Gardens, which is broken up by the Prince Regent. Mrs Fitzherbert convinces Rokeby to embark alone, and wait for Rohan to be convinced into a separation, but Clarissa pursues him to the port to say farewell. In staying out in the rain watching his ship sail away, she catches a fever and, worse still, is taken back to Lord Rohan\'s London house and not to the place of safety Rokeby had promised. The fever is not necessarily fatal but Hesther - putting Clarissa into a drugged sleep, opening the windows and dousing the fire in her room - ensures that it proves so, so clearing the way for herself to marry Rohan. Shortly after the funeral, Hesther manages to get Rohan to offer her marriage but then Clarissa\'s page boy Toby reveals Hesther\'s murder to Rohan. Though he did not love his wife, she was still his wife and a Rohan, and so he beats Hesther to death - for, as his family motto goes, "Who Dishonours Us, Dies." Back in 1943, it is revealed that the RAF man was the descendent of Rokeby. He and Miss Rohan arrive just too late to buy the item they were looking to purchase at the auction, but they do not mind as they have found each other and fallen in love. They then rush for a London bus, with their love-affair seeming better-fated than that of their ancestors.'] ["The movie tells the story of Elizabeth  and John , a married couple separated when John goes off to fight in World War I. When Elizabeth receives notice of John's death, she marries another man . John, however, is still alive, and later returns, but after being disfigured in the war he has undergone plastic surgery, making him almost unrecognizable. He has also adopted a daughter . When he finds out that he has a son with Elizabeth, he is faced with the dilemma of whether or not to reveal his true identity."] ['Police Captain Jim Fitzpatrick  is a dedicated family man and crime fighter not averse to using violence to fight violence. Although he\'s been demoted for political reasons, public outcry forces the mayor to take more aggressive action against sleazy gang boss Sam Belmonte , and Fitzpatrick is promoted to police chief. His younger brother, Police Detective Ed Fitzpatrick , allows himself to be seduced by a languorously sexy Belmonte gang moll  and needs money to continue the relationship. Frustrated when his principled brother will not promote him, he betrays Jim\'s trust by conspiring with Belmonte\'s henchmen in a truck hijacking that results in the deaths of a child and another police officer. After a crooked lawyer is able to get those guilty off on all charges, the relentlessly determined Chief turns to vigilantism to rid the city of its "Beasts."'] ["A romantic story symphonized with the song of a triangular relationship between Ling , June  and Rex . Ling got leukemia since she was a child; she hides the true feeling and health condition from her best friends, Rex and June. June who moved from China to HK when she was little, assists her mom to make a living hardily resulting in a self-contained character. The two girls are completely different in personality, yet they're frank with each other. June feels for Rex. Meanwhile, June seems to overlook an admirer, Hee . It's graduation time, they're standing in front of the crossroad to their future, and none of them takes a step closer to change their relationship, until the day when Ling is admitted to the hospital, the long compression of emotion is broken."] ["A spy ring has infiltrated Lakeview Laboratory of Nuclear Physics, a Southern California atomic research center. FBI agent Dan O'Hara and Scotland Yard detective Philip Grayson are on the case."] ['The movie relates the story of Ida Dalser, who fell in love with the future Italian Fascist leader, Benito Mussolini, supported him while he was unemployed in the early 1910s, and married him, presumably around 1914. She bore Mussolini a son, Benito Albino, before the outbreak of World War I. The two lost touch during the war years and, upon discovering him again in a hospital during the war, she also discovered Rachele Guidi, who had married Mussolini in 1915, and a daughter born in 1910 when Guidi and Mussolini were living together. Historically, following his political ascendency, Mussolini suppressed the information about his first marriage and he  persecuted both his first wife and oldest son and committed them forcibly to asylums. Dalser died in an asylum in Venice in 1937 at the age of 57 of brain haemorrhages and Benito Albino died in 1942 at the age of 26 in an asylum near Milan after repeated coma-inducing injections.{{Cite news}}'] ["In this fact-based adolescent melodrama, Joe Fisk is a juvenile delinquent who falls in love with Lisa Taylor, a beautiful Catholic girl's school student, in an Oregon forest. The two meet by accident when the troubled young man stumbles upon her while being chased by his peers in a training exercise, and sees the lovely girl floating in a small lake as she works on a photography assignment-recreating the Pre-Raphaelite painting Ophelia, John Millais 1850. The two are immediately drawn to each other, but neither of their custodians encourage contact with the opposite sex, and when their relationship is discovered there is trouble all around, forcing the young lovers to flee. The question then remains: Will they be able to escape the law and other authorities long enough to find happiness?"] ['On a rainy night in 1928 in a Pennsylvania factory town called Iverstown, Martha Ivers , a young girl yearning to escape from the guardianship of her wealthy, domineering aunt, is caught trying to run away with her friend, the street-smart, poor Sam Masterson .{{cite web}} Martha is taken home. Later that night, Sam comes for her, but hides when her aunt hears Martha\'s beloved cat wandering on the staircase. When Mrs. Ivers attacks the pet with her cane; Martha intervenes and accidentally kills her aunt. This is witnessed by Walter O\'Neil , the son of Martha\'s tutor . Martha lies about the incident to Mr. O\'Neil, and Walter supports her. The greedy Mr. O\'Neil suspects what happened, but presents Martha\'s version of events to the police, that an intruder is responsible. He then uses his power over Martha to move into the mansion and take control of her life; years later, he blackmails her into marrying his son by forcing her to testify against an innocent man, resulting in his execution. Eighteen years later, Walter  is the district attorney, while Martha  used her inheritance from her aunt to build a large business empire. However, their marriage is one-sided; he loves her, but she doesn\'t love him. Sam , now a drifter and gambler, stops in the small town by chance when he crashes his car and has to wait for it to be repaired. At his old home, now a boarding house, he meets Antonia "Toni" Marachek , who has just been released from jail. She is later picked up for violating her probation by not returning to her hometown. Sam goes to see Walter, to see if he can use his influence to get her released. Walter worries that Sam has returned with blackmail in mind. When he observes his wife\'s joyful reaction to the news, he has an additional motive for running Sam out of town. He forces Toni to set Sam up. Sam is beaten and driven out of town, but he is too tough to be intimidated. When all else fails, Walter makes a half-hearted attempt to kill Sam himself, but is easily disarmed. Martha then inadvertently blurts out the couple\'s fears, but they prove to be groundless: Sam never witnessed the death. Martha breaks down and laments that he left without her all those years ago, taking with him her only chance for love and freedom. Sam is torn between his old love and his new. Although he eventually forgives Toni for betraying him, he and Martha spend an idyllic day together, rekindling his feelings for her. Walter arranges to meet Sam to finally settle matters. Before Sam arrives, Walter gets drunk and Martha finds out about the meeting. When she urges Sam to kill her husband, Sam\'s love for her is extinguished. He leaves the guilt-ridden couple to contemplate the wreckage of their lives. Before he goes, he gives Walter back his gun and turns his back on him, but Walter does nothing. Martha picks up the gun, but she cannot fire either. After Sam leaves, Walter embraces Martha, then points his gun at her midriff. Oddly relieved, she puts her hand over his hand on the trigger and presses. As she is dying, she defiantly states her name is not Martha Ivers, but Martha Smith. Outside, Sam hears the shot, then soon after, a second. Sam starts toward the house, then realizes it is too late and departs. He leaves town with Toni.'] ["In a working-class district of Paris, Albert, an impecunious street singer, lives in an attic room. He meets a beautiful Romanian girl, Pola, and falls in love with her; but he is not the only one, since his best friend Louis and the gangster Fred are also under her spell. One evening Pola dares not return home because Fred has stolen her key and she does not feel safe. She spends the night with Albert who, reluctantly remaining the gentleman, sleeps on the floor and leaves his bed to Pola. They soon decide to get married, but fate prevents them when Émile, a thief, deposits with Albert a bag full of stolen goods. It is discovered by the police, and Albert is sent to prison. Pola finds consolation with Louis. Later Émile is caught in his turn and admits that Albert was not his accomplice, which earns Albert his freedom. Fred has just got back together with Pola who has fallen out with Louis, and in a jealous fury at Albert's return Fred decides to provoke a knife fight with him. Louis rushes to Albert's rescue and the two comrades are re-united, but their friendship is clouded by the realisation that each of them is in love with Pola. Finally Albert decides to give up Pola to Louis."] ["During the era of Japanese occupation, Sol Jin-young, a Korean patriarch refuses to obey the law to change the family's name to a Japanese name. Tani, a member of the Japanese occupation forces, is sent to persuade Sol to comply with the order. Tani is conflicted between his duty, his respect for Korean culture and his attraction to Sol's daughter.Synopsis from {{cite web}}"] ["Formula One auto racer Bobby Deerfield is a calculating, control-obsessed loner who has become used to winning the checkered flag on the track. But after he witnesses a fiery crash that kills a teammate and seriously wounds a competitor, Deerfield becomes unsettled by the spectre of death. During a visit to the survivor, Deerfield's world is further set askew when he meets Lillian Morelli , a quirky, impulsive woman racing against time."] ['Ambitious, idealistic Stephen Chase  goes to work for the Atlantis Oil Company and is sent to a remote outpost in rural China run by "No. 1 Boss" . After a while, he feels secure enough to send for his fiancée and goes to Yokohama to meet and marry her. However, when he gets there, all that is waiting for him is a telegram, in which she explains she is unwilling to live in such a backward country. He strikes up a conversation with Hester Adams . She had come to see China for the first time with her father, a professor of Oriental studies, only to have him die on the voyage. As they become better acquainted, Stephen comes up with an idea (partly to save himself from losing [[Face . He asks Hester to marry him, explaining that it would be a partnership. She is impressed by his dream of modernizing China and accepts. It does not take long however for them to fall in love. No matter what happens, nothing shakes Stephen\'s faith in the company. When his friend, No. 1 Boss, is callously transferred to a lesser position, the old man commits suicide rather than accept the insult. The new boss, J.T. McCarger , orders Stephen to man an even more isolated post near Siberia. Stephen is reluctant to go since Hester is pregnant with their first child, but has no choice. Once there, he makes the agonized decision to go deal with a dangerous oil fire rather than stay and help the doctor deliver the baby. When he returns, he learns that the child is dead. This causes a temporary rift between him and his wife. Things improve. Stephen is promoted and assigned to a large city in the south. The Chases becomes good friends with another couple, Don and Alice Wellman (John Eldredge and [[Jean Muir . Don works for Stephen, but he is so contemptuous of the Chinese that two important clients refuse to renew their contracts unless he is fired. Stephen is torn, but does let Don go. Don\'s replacement is McCarger. Despite a prolonged drought and an outbreak of cholera, Stephen ruthlessly collects payment from his customers, earning the best record of any branch in China. Then, communists take over the city. An officer  shows up at the company\'s offices and demands the gold stored in the safe. Stephen bargains with him and gets everyone except McCarger and himself evacuated to a ship by promising to give up the gold in a few hours. In the meantime, he sends for Ho , a very well-connected Chinese customer and good friend, hoping he can use his influence. When Ho bravely shows up however, he is shot down in cold blood by the soldiers. Outraged, Stephen and McCarger take the gold and escape out the back door. McCarger is killed and Stephen wounded, but a passing boat rescues him and the gold. In the hospital, he is visited by the new man in charge of the Orient for the company. Stephen is delighted to be offered the position of his assistant. However, when his boss outlines his plan to institute modern business practices, Stephen disagrees, explaining that, despite appearances, the "new" China is still run by the old ways. When he recovers, he is humiliated to learn that his job has been given to another man as a result. Further, he is given only menial tasks in an effort to get him to quit . Hester gives Stephen\'s boss a tongue lashing and reveals that her husband holds the patent for a lamp the company uses to popularize the use of its product. However, it is a call from the president of Atlantis, disturbed by the news that Stephen has been passed over for the job, that changes the man\'s mind. Stephen\'s shaken faith in the company is restored.'] ["Holly Davis is a wife and mother, happily married to Dr. Chip Davis, a seismologist. She isn't aware that Chip is having an affair with Sandy Dunlap, a television news reporter who interviewed him after a quake. Holly begins teaching aerobics part-time at the gym where she and Sandy meet. Sandy and Holly become fast friends and Holly's children like Sandy as well. The gym's owner is ready to sell so Sandy and Holly invest in it together. Sandy is a career-minded reporter, trying to become an anchorwoman at the station run by George Margolin. One day at work, a news bulletin reveals the death of Dr. Davis in a car crash. Holly is devastated by the news and so is Sandy. Neither is aware at the time of the death that they have been in love with the same man. The truth is revealed to Holly's shock one day as she clears out her husband's desk at work where she finds a photo of Sandy and her husband together, clearly indicating evidence of an affair. She angrily confronts Sandy who tells her that she was unaware that her new friend was the wife of the man she loved. Holly angrily ends their friendship. Sandy begs for forgiveness but Holly is devastated, hurt and angry and refuses to forgive Sandy. Holly swears she will buy Sandy out of her share of the gym they bought as soon as she is able and refuses to resume the close friendship they once shared. Sandy discovers that she is pregnant and she tells Holly who is horrified by the news. Over time, Holly realizes that Sandy's child will also be her husband's child so she decides that she should try to forgive Sandy so that she can be a part of the child's life. Sandi rejects her at first but once the child is born, the film ends on an up note as they begin to repair their friendship."] ["Joe Bell  becomes embittered after he is jailed for 16 months for something he did not do. Later, he gets into a fight with a crook  and is sentenced to a work farm for 90 days. There, he becomes friends with Mabel Alden , which displeases Charles Garreth , her stepfather and the farm's foreman. The two men fight, and Joe knocks Garreth out. Panicking, the young couple flee and get married, only to learn that Garreth has died and that Joe is wanted for his murder. Constantly on the move to avoid capture, Joe finally gets a break. He is in the right spot to take pictures of a bank robbery in progress. He uses them to get a job as a photographer at a newspaper run by Michael Leonard . When the robbers try to get the photographs, Joe saves Michael's life. Unfortunately, his own picture is put on the front page of various newspapers as a result. Joe tries to flee once more, but Mabel turns him in to the police, convinced that running away is the wrong thing to do. At the trial, despite a parade of character witnesses in Joe's favor, the prosecutor  seems to have the upper hand. Defense attorney Slim Jones  calls Mabel to the stand. She convinces the jury to declare her husband innocent."] ["John Wayne portrays a college football coach  who has been fired from previous jobs for violating rules relating to players' eligibility. Wayne's character is a divorced father of an eleven-year-old tomboy, Carol . Charles Coburn  plays the dean of a financially distressed Catholic college in New York City who hires Wayne to make the college's football team competitive so that receipts from game ticket sales will supply funds for the college. Donna Reed plays a social worker  who in investigating complaints of child neglect against John Wayne's character. James Dean appears as an uncredited extra in the film, during a scene in the college chapel."] ['The story begins as Hollywood press agent Bill Dunnigan , who works for a fictional movie studio, arrives by train with the body of Polish-born actress Olga Treskovna , in her hometown, a city referred to affectionately by its population as "Coaltown" because of its coal mining industry. In a voiceover narrated by Dunnigan, we learn that he was in love with Olga, although we never find out if she truly reciprocated his love. He has brought her back to "Coaltown" to honor her deathbed request - to be buried there. After encountering some hostility from the local funeral director who resents Olga\'s father because he was crooked, Dunnigan enlists the services of Father Paul , the local priest, who pulls some strings to grant Olga\'s request. The main flashback story then begins, showing how Olga is plucked from a chorus line in a nightclub to serve as a double for an extremely temperamental film actress who is to star as Joan of Arc in a motion picture. Dunnigan realizes that Olga has the makings of a talented actress herself, and when the film\'s star throws a tantrum and walks out, he manages to convince Marcus Harris, the film\'s producer , to audition Olga, despite her having had no film experience. The screen test is a success and Olga is cast as Joan. However, as filming progresses, she shows signs of being seriously ill. After taking her to see a doctor, Dunnigan is secretly informed that Olga has a severe, potentially fatal form of tuberculosis, caused by her inhalation of the coal dust that circulated in "Coaltown". Desperate to do something for her hometown that will restore the pride of its bitter and disillusioned citizens, Olga continues with the filming, and collapses after the shooting ends. Rushed to a hospital, she dies with Dunnigan at her side. To generate interest in the film, the grief-stricken Dunnigan desperately pulls a publicity stunt, convincing churches all across "Coaltown" to ring their bells for three days as a tribute to the dead actress and promising to pay them with checks that he cannot possibly cover. Huge interest begins to develop in the unknown actress who gave her life to complete a film, and Marcus Harris wires Dunnigan enough money to cover the checks. But Harris calls Dunnigan and tells him that he has decided not to release the film, because the moviegoing public might resent greeting the arrival of a new star who is actually dead. Harris intends to recast the role and begin filming all over again. On the day of Olga\'s funeral, an overflow crowd which includes Dunnigan enters the tiny local church, which can only hold a certain number of people, and has never been full until now. As the crowd prays, a loud creaking noise is heard, and the statues of St. Michael and the Virgin Mary slowly turn on their pedestals until they face Olga\'s coffin. The parishioners regard this as a miracle, even though the logical explanation is that the ground underneath the church has been weakened because of the large crowd, causing the statues to turn. Dunnigan persuades Father Paul not to tell the people of Coaltown the truth; their religious faith is restored, and Marcus Harris, after much reluctance, decides to release the film, which becomes a huge success.'] ['David Gale  is a prisoner on death row in Texas. With only a few days to his execution, his lawyer negotiates a half million-dollar fee to tell his story to Bitsey Bloom , a journalist from a major news magazine known for her ability to keep secrets and protect her sources. He tells her the story of how he ended up on death row, revealed to the movie audience through a series of lengthy flashbacks. Gale is head of the philosophy department at the University of Texas and an active member of DeathWatch, a group campaigning against capital punishment. He loses a televised debate with the Governor of Texas when he is unable to point to an example of a demonstrably innocent man being executed. Later, a graduation party, he encounters Berlin , an attractive female graduate student who had been expelled from the school, corners the inebriated Gale and succeeds in getting him to have rough sex with her. She then falsely accuses Gale of rape. Later, she drops the charges and flees, but the negative publicity costs Gale his career, marriage, and reputation. Constance Harraway , a fellow DeathWatch activist, is a close friend of Gale\'s who consoles him after his life fall apart. However, Harraway is found raped and murdered, suffocated by a plastic bag taped over her head. An autopsy reveals that she had been forced to swallow the key of the handcuffs used to restrain her, a psychological torture technique utilized under the communist regime of Nicolae Ceauşescu, which Gale and Harraway had both protested against. The physical evidence at the crime scene points to Gale, who is convicted of her rape and murder and is, ironically, sentenced to death. In the present, Bloom investigates the case in between her visits with Gale. She comes to believe that the apparent evidence against Gale does not add up. She is also tailed several times in her car by a figure who turns out to be Dusty Wright , the alleged one-time lover and colleague of Harraway\'s. Wright slips evidence to Bloom that suggests Gale has been framed, implying that the "real" murderer videotaped the crime. Bloom pursues this lead until she finds a tape revealing that Harraway, who was suffering from terminal leukemia, had committed an elaborate suicide to look like murder. She and Wright are both seen on the videotape, showing that they framed Gale as part of a plan to discredit the death penalty. Bloom does not find this evidence until the day of Gale\'s scheduled execution. In a frenzy, she tries to give the tape to the authorities in time to stop the execution. She arrives at the prison just as the warden announces that it has already been carried out. The tape is then released, causing a media and political uproar over the execution of an innocent man. Later, Wright receives the fee that Bloom\'s magazine agreed to pay for the interview, and delivers it to Gale\'s ex-wife in Spain, along with a postcard from Berlin apologizing for the false rape accusation. His ex-wife looks distraught, knowing Gale told the truth and that she effectively stole their child away from him. Much later still, a videotape labeled "Off the Record" is delivered to Bloom. This tape picks up at the point where Wright confirmed that Harraway was dead, then continues on to show him stepping aside to allow Gale, also present and party to the suicide, to caress her body. It was in doing this that Gale left his fingerprints on Harraway\'s plastic suffocation bag. The plot has some parallels with the 1999 Clint Eastwood drama True Crime, but with a different outcome.'] ['A young woman in a village is involved in romantic entanglements during the preparation of a festival celebration.<ref namehttp://www.kmdb.or.kr/eng/md_basic.asp?nation04020|title2009-06-30|publisher=Korean Movie Database  }}'] ['A family is dislocated when small failings become extravagant lies. The film opens as a wealthy businessman, Servet, running a campaign for the upcoming election, is driving in his car alone and sleepy, struggling to keep his eyes open. Seconds later he hits and kills a pedestrian in the middle of the road. Servet panics when another car with a couple inside approaches. He sneaks away. Eyüp, a man living in a slum at the Yedikule neighborhood in İstanbul, with his wife and only son, is the driver of Servet. He wakes up in the middle of the night with his cell phone ringing. It\'s his boss, telling Eyüp to meet him immediately. Shivering in shock, Servet explains the current events to his driver. His excuse is if the fatal accident comes out in press it would terminate his political career, so he proposes Eyüp to take over the penalty and stay in prison for a brief period of time in exchange for a lump sum payment upon his release, whilst still paying his salary to his family so they can get by. Eyüp accepts the deal. An unspecified time passes, summer arrives, and Eyüp\'s son İsmail fails to enter college again. His mother, Hacer, who works in the catering division of a factory, starts worrying about her son after unpleasant events, and tries to convince him to get a job. İsmail suggests driving children between home and school but of course they don\'t have any financial source for this kind of an enterprise. İsmail asks his mother to request an advance payment from Servet without consulting Eyüp. Hacer meets with Servet, in his office after the election , and requests the money. After Hacer leaves the office and starts waiting for a bus at the stop Servet persuades Hacer to accept a lift from him back to her home. More unspecified time passes, and İsmail intends to visit his father. Things take a poor turn when he finds his mother having an affair with Servet. İsmail stands passive. After serving nine months in prison, Eyüp is released. He senses things are "a little peculiar" inside his home. Hacer is in love with Servet and insists on maintaining their affair. Servet disagrees. That night, Hacer and Eyüp are invited to the police station and informed that Servet has been murdered. Police officers interrogate the two and Eyüp finds out that Hacer was cheating on him. He denies knowing anything about it. İsmail confesses to his mother that he murdered Servet. Eyüp calms down when he pays a visit to a mosque. Afterwards, Eyüp goes on to speak with a very poor man who works and sleeps inside a tea house in the neighborhood. Eyüp makes the same proposition to the poor man, Bayram, that Servet made to him: to claim the crime committed by his son. Bayram agrees. The last scene shows Eyüp at his home\'s balcony, staring at the Sea of Marmara, and along with thunder it starts to rain.'] ['During the Civil War, Thad Goodwin  of Elmtree Farm, a local horse breeder resists Capt. John Dillon  and a company of Union soldiers confiscating his prize horses. He is killed by Dillon and his youngest son Peter  cries at the soldiers riding away with the horses. 75 years later, in 1938, Peter  now a crotchety old man, still resides on Elmtree Farm and raises horses with his niece Sally . Dillon\'s grandson Jack  and Sally meet, her not knowing that he was a Dillon. Peter Goodwin dies when his speculation on cotton drops. The Goodwins are forced to auction off nearly all their horses and Jack offers his services to Sally, as a trainer of their last prize horse, "Bessie\'s Boy", who falls ill. Sally eventually loses the farm, and Mr. Dillon makes good on his original bet with Thad and offers her any two year old on his farm. She picks "Blue Grass" instead of the favorite, "Postman", and Peter trains him for the Derby. She eventually learns of Jack\'s real identity. During the race, Blue Grass runs neck and neck with the Goodwin\'s horse Postman, but Blue Grass wins. Sally embraces Jack, but Peter collapses before the decoration ceremony and dies. At his funeral, Dillon eulogizes him and of the American life of the past, as "The Grand Old Man of the American Turf".'] [" When Mademoiselle Henriette Deluzy-Desportes , a French woman, starts teaching at an American girls school, she is confronted with tales and gossip about her, which have become common knowledge among her pupils. Provoked by them, she decides to tell them her life story. Mademoiselle Deluzy-Desportes once was governess to the four children of the Duc de Praslin  and his wife, the Duchesse de Praslin  in the last years of the Orleans monarchy in Paris. As a result of the Duchesse's constantly erratic and temperamental behavior, all that remains is an unhappy marriage. However, Duc de Praslin stays with his wife because of their children. Through her warmth and kindness, Henriette wins the love and affection of the children as well as Duc de Praslin - and the jealousy and hatred of the Duchesse de Praslin. The governess is forced to leave, but the Duchess has refused to give a letter of recommendation to any future employer. The Duc confronts her, but her invention of two alternate letters of opposing attitudes, which it turns out she has not written, or intends to write, enrage him and leads to her murder. The Duc de Praslin is in a privileged position; as a peer his case can only be heard by other nobles. He refuses to confess his guilt, or openly admit to his love for Henriette, but this is his means of protecting her as she is under suspicion of complicity in the murder of the Duchess. Ultimately the Duc takes poison to prevent himself confessing the truth to the authorities, but lives long enough to reveal it to another of his servants Pierre , a kindly old man who had earlier warned Henriette to escape from the de Praslin household. Henriette is released. Her French class is moved by the account she gives of her life. An American minister Henry Field , to whom Henriette had expressed a loss of faith while in prison, was responsible for recommending her for the post 'in the land of the free'. He proposes they marry, and Henriette accepts."] ["A former Confederate soldier, John Chandler has come to an Illinois town with his 10-year-old son David to see Dr. Enos Davis. The boy was struck dumb after witnessing his mother's death in a fire, and hasn't spoken a word since. Davis recommends a doctor he knows in Minnesota. With a flock of sheep blocking their path, John has their expertly trained dog Lance clear the way. The sheep belong to rancher Harry Burleigh and his sons, Jeb and Tom, who try to steal the dog. John fights them while a passing stranger, Linnett Moore, holds the child. Harry knocks out John, pours whiskey on him, then tells the sheriff about being attacked by a drunk. John must pay $30 or serve 30 days in jail. Linnett pays if he will work off the debt on her farm. A trip to Minnesota also will be expensive. John won't accept offers for the valuable dog, which the boy loves, but when the evil Burleighs burn down Linnett's barn, he is forced to sell Lance after all. He asks her to accompany the boy up north while he rebuilds the farm. The operation doesn't work, and David is devastated to return home and find the dog's no longer theirs. John goes back to the Burleighs to try to get it back and finds Lance being mistreated by them. Harry gives the dog back, but has his son Jeb prepared to shoot John as a thief. The boy shouts out to save his father's life."] ['Hank Grotowski , a widower, and his son, Sonny , are corrections officers in the local prison. They reside in Louisiana with Hank\'s ailing father, Buck , an unwavering racist whose wife committed suicide. Hank\'s hateful attitude toward others, strongly influenced by his father, extends to his son, and members of the neighboring community. As Hank and Sonny assist in the execution of convicted murderer Lawrence Musgrove , the proceedings prove too intense for Sonny, who collapses and then begins to vomit as he is leading Lawrence to the electric chair. Hank beats up Sonny in the jail\'s bathroom afterwards for being so "soft". Some time later, Hank drags Sonny out of bed and tells him to get out of the house. Unable to cope with the estrangement, Sonny grabs a gun. The confrontation ends in their living room with Hank at gunpoint, lying on the carpet, and Sonny in Buck\'s customary chair. Sonny asks his father, "You hate me, don\'t you?" After his father calmly confirms that he does and always has, Sonny responds, "Well, I always loved you," and then shoots himself in the heart. Hank subsequently buries Sonny in the back garden, quits his job at the prison, burns his uniform in the backyard, and locks the door of Sonny\'s room up tightly. Buck calls him a quitter. During the years of Lawrence\'s imprisonment, his wife, Leticia , has been struggling while raising their son, Tyrell , who has inherited his father\'s artistic talent. She goads the boy to the point of abuse over his obesity. Along with her domestic problems, Leticia struggles financially, leading to the loss of the family car and, worse, an eviction notice on her house. In desperate need of money, Leticia takes a job at a diner frequented by Hank. One rainy night, Leticia and Tyrell are walking down a soaked highway when Tyrell is struck by a car. Hank happens to be driving along and sees Leticia and Tyrell. He initially drives past, like the cars before him, but then turns around, picks Leticia and Tyrell up, and takes them to a hospital, but Tyrell dies upon arrival and Hank lends his shoulder for Leticia to cry on. At the suggestion of the authorities at the hospital, he drives her home. A few days later, Hank gives Leticia a ride home from the diner and after they begin talking in the car and discover the common loss of their sons and spouses, she invites him in and they drown their grief with alcohol. They begin a relationship initially based on sex and relief from loneliness but which later becomes emotionally supportive. Hank finds out that Leticia is Lawrence\'s widow, but he does not tell her that he participated in her husband\'s execution. Leticia stops by Hank\'s home with a present for him. Hank is not home, but Buck is. Buck insults Leticia and implies that Hank is only involved with her because he wants to have sex with a black woman; she responds by rejecting Hank. This incident proves to be the last straw for Hank and he decides to send his father to a nursing home. Leticia is evicted from her home for non-payment of rent and Hank invites her to move in with him. She agrees and later discovers Hank\'s involvement in her husband\'s death while he is gone but is there waiting for him when he returns from town with ice cream. The film ends with them eating ice cream together on the back porch.'] ['Boulevard Nights is a focus on life in a gang. The movie portrays the dangers of street violence. Richard Yniguez plays a young Chicano who tries to get out of the gang, but he keeps finding himself drawn back into it. Boulevard Nights is all about brotherhood and survival.  Two brothers ... the street was their playground and their battleground and Everything happens on the boulevard - and the boulevard happens at night.'] ["The story examines the adult lives of two onetime teen lovers, Ken  and Sylvia , who were from different social strata. Ken was self-supporting, working as a lifeguard at Pine Island, an exclusive Maine resort, while Sylvia's nouveau riche family stayed as guests of the owners, one summer between years at college. They went on to marry different people &ndash; as it transpires, entirely the wrong people. Ken's wife Helen  turns out to be frigid and shuts him out romantically, while Sylvia's husband Bart  becomes an alcoholic, gradually costing him the family fortune. Ken buries himself in the research chemist's job he finds after college, while Sylvia devotes herself first to charity work, then motherhood. The saving grace of each marriage is their children, Sylvia's son Johnny  and Ken's daughter Molly . Ken and Sylvia meet again on Pine Island after twenty years, with Ken now wealthy through his chemistry work, while Bart has turned his family's mansion  into an inn, which is failing. Johnny and Molly meet and fall in love, while Ken and Sylvia begin to cheat on their spouses with each other. Ken and Sylvia eventually leave their spouses and marry. Bart ends up being taken to a sanatorium for treatment of his alcoholism but not after Johnny and Molly visit him requesting permission to marry as Molly is pregnant."] ["Marie , a woman of considerable beauty, is distressed at her treatment by Roland, a criminal who is a part of a local syndicate. When Marie is introduced to the handsome stranger Georges, she falls in love with him instantly, much to the chagrin of Roland. When Roland's jealousy builds after a number of meetings between Marie and Georges, Roland decides to confront Georges behind a club where a number members of his syndicate watch. After Georges gains control of a knife that had been thrown between them to initiate the fight, George manages to stab Roland in the back after a brief scuffle, killing him almost instantly. When the police arrive at the scene everyone flees, including Marie, who seeks refuge away from the syndicate at a nearby village. Georges decides it is best to flee town. He is lured to a rendezvous with Marie by a note she sends. The two live an idyllic life in the nearby village, until Georges is brought word that a friend, Raymond, had been arrested for the murder of Roland. Félix, the leader of the syndicate, has placed blame on Raymond in an attempt to bring Georges out of hiding and win control of Marie. Not realizing this plan, Georges confesses to the police that he is the real killer. While being transported between jails, he breaks free with the help of a diversion by Marie. Georges immediately seeks out Félix to seek his revenge. When he finds him in the presence of the police, he kills him anyway, condemning himself in the process. With the two murders on his hands, Georges is sentenced to die by the guillotine while a broken Marie is forced to watch in horror as he is executed."] ["Charlie, a cockney sailor comes home from a long voyage to find his house razed. His wife, Maggie, is missing. Actually, Maggie is now living with a bus driver, Bert, and has a new baby, the parentage of which is in doubt. Charlie's friends will not tell him where to find Maggie because Charlie is known to have a bad temper. Finally Charlie meets up with Maggie and after a fierce row with Bert, they are reconciled."] ['In London, Stella Parish  has her greatest stage triumph in a play produced and directed by Stephen Norman . However, her happiness is short-lived. She finds a man from her past in her dressing room. Determined not to submit to blackmail, she books passage back to America on an ocean liner, traveling in disguise with her young daughter Gloria  and her best friend and confidante Nana . Hotshot newspaper reporter Keith Lockridge ([[Ian Hunter  tracks them down and befriends the trio on the sea voyage. Stella hopes to lose herself among the teeming millions of New York, but Keith "accidentally" runs into them and renews their acquaintance. As weeks pass, Stella falls in love with him. Meanwhile, Keith investigates and finds out that Stella had been an actress. When her alcoholic, jealous husband found her innocently meeting her co-star in his apartment, he shot and killed the man. Then, he maliciously implicated her in the crime. Their daughter was born in prison. When Stella was released, she set about to bury her past for Gloria\'s sake. Finally, Stella tells Keith that she loves him and recounts her entire history. However, Keith had already wired the story to his editor a few hours before. His frantic efforts to suppress the article are too late; his newspaper has already published it. When Stella is besieged by reporters, she decides to milk the situation for money she needs to take care of her child. She sends Gloria and Nana away, out of the public eye. Then, she works with a promoter to make well-paid appearances to take advantage of the scandal. Eventually, the public tires of her and she is reduced to working in vaudeville. At Keith\'s secret insistence, Stephen Norman offers her the starring role in his play, which he had shut down after its one performance. She is reluctant to return to London, but cannot refuse the money. Public reaction is at first hostile, but Keith works hard writing articles to sway public opinion. On opening night, Stella refuses to go on, dreading her reception, but Keith shows up backstage and points out at least two in the audience who believe in her, Gloria and Nana.'] ['Barbara Hershey portrays a flower child who is hired to have the baby of a middle-class couple ([[Collin Wilcox . The film exposes the clash of values between Hershey, along with her boyfriend , and the couple. It also deals with the emotional turmoil all four characters go through.'] ["This family melodrama tells the story of Lee Yun-bok, a fourth-grader in a poor family. Unable to tolerate his father's gambling and cruelty, his mother leaves home. Yun-bok helps support the family by shining shoes, and keeps a journal. When his journal is made public in school, Yun-bok's father repents of his bad behavior, and his mother returns home.<ref namehttp://www.kmdb.or.kr/eng/md_basic.asp?nation01155|title2009-07-20|publisher=Korean Movie Database }}"] ["In 1925 London, middle-aged, widowed shopkeeper Clarissa Phelps  pities genteel, but homeless drunkard Captain Randolph Courtney  and takes him in. When Courtney corrects the lower-class accent and grammar of her son Richard, a germ of an idea is born. Richard benefits from Courtney's tutelage as he grows up. Ten years later, on Richard's twenty-first birthday, Clarissa makes a startling announcement. She is not his mother, but was merely hired to raise him for his upper-class parents. She gives him a bankbook with a balance of £1000 as arranged with his real mother and asks him to move out on his own. Richard  and Courtney are both stunned. Emily Judson , with whom Richard has grown up, is distressed as well; she had hoped to marry him, but now feels he is out of her reach. From Clarissa's private papers and what she had said, Courtney guesses that Richard's mother is Julia Trent Anders , a former star actress. Would-be playwright Richard, seeking to get to know her, becomes a lodger in her mansion, where he also meets her absentminded scientist husband Paul  and her beautiful stepdaughter Pauline . Richard and Pauline are attracted to each other, much to the annoyance of rival suitor Leo Cartwright . Pauline becomes aware of Emily's prior claim, however, and desists. When Julia discovers that her tenant has written a play , she introduces him to her friend, producer Sir Elroyd Joyce . Joyce reads his play as a favor to Julia; however, while he sees promise in Richard's work, it would be too expensive for him to produce. When Clarissa finds out, she sells her shop and uses most of the proceeds to secretly finance it without Richard's knowledge. She and Courtney proudly attend the premiere of Son of Sixpence. The play is a success, but the experience is too much for Clarissa, already in very bad health. On her deathbed, she admits to Richard that she is actually his mother after all. Emily, admitting defeat, concedes Richard to Pauline."] ['At the end of class, poorly paid college professor Andrew Griggs begs his unruly students to show more appreciation for his efforts to teach them. Among the most disrespectful are a spoiled trio led by Phil West , whose father is the school\'s wealthiest trustee; Bert Gareth, a congressman\'s son; and Walt Lucas, a 23-year-old who must graduate to receive his inheritance. Unbeknownst to his friends, Phil\'s interest has been piqued by the professor\'s daughter, Amelia . He frequently drops by the public library where she works, just to be able to speak to her. She, however, is unimpressed by him and his wealth. The Griggs\' poverty is contrasted with the prosperity of their next-door neighbors. "Foreign-born" shoemaker Hans Olsen is sympathetic to their plight, as is his eldest son Peter , but his wife strongly dislikes what she considers Mrs. Griggs\' superior airs. One day, Phil finally manages to persuade Amelia to let him drive her home after work, as it is raining . He is invited inside. Mrs. Griggs, knowing who he is, decides to spend what little she has on some fancy sandwiches, cakes and tea in an attempt to put up a brave front. She is heartbroken to find when she brings them in that Phil has departed and poor Reverend Gates  is to be the recipient of her expensive bounty. As a result, Mrs. Griggs is unable to make the mortgage payment on the house. Juanita Claredon , another of the country club set, considers herself Phil\'s girl. Noting a change in the now more thoughtful and considerate man, she follows him one day to the library and sees her rival. Eventually, she realizes that his love for Amelia has matured him, and wishes him well. When Amelia becomes sick, the doctor recommends she get some nourishing food, such as chicken. Mrs. Griggs tries unsuccessfully to buy one on credit . In desperation, she steals a cooked chicken from Mrs. Olsen\'s open window; this is witnessed by the horrified Amelia. While Amelia does not see her mother change her mind and put it back, Mrs. Olsen and Peter do. When Mrs. Olsen threatens to make this theft known, Peter insists he will leave home if she does. Meanwhile, Phil sends anonymously a basket of food  to the Griggs. However, Amelia refuses to eat it, as she believes it was stolen. The next day, though she is still ill, she goes to work, as it is payday. Afterward, she goes to apologize to Mrs. Olsen and to pay for the theft. Her teary attempt to make amends moves her neighbor, who denies she lost a chicken. The strain is too much for Amelia; she faints. Phil and Mrs. Griggs rush over and take her home. There, Phil confesses it was he who sent the chicken. Amelia is finally won over. Phil writes his father about the inadequate salaries paid to the teachers, calling it a "blot on the present day civilization"; impressed, Philip West Sr. comes to see his altered son and agrees that something must be done. In the meantime, Phil dragoons his friends into paying the professor for extra tutoring in the evenings. During that night\'s session, both Peter and Gates see that Amelia has given her heart to Phil. In the final scene, the saddened reverend congratulates them and makes his way home.'] ['Slim, a farmer from southeastern Ohio, becomes fascinated by a crew of linemen erecting transmission towers across his uncle and aunt\'s property. He asks Pop  for a job, but there are no openings. When a man is fired, however, Red ([[Pat O\'Brien , Pop\'s best lineman, takes a liking to Slim and persuades Pop to give him a chance as a "grunt", an assistant on the ground who sends up tools and parts. Red and Stumpy , another grunt, teach Slim what he needs to know. Slim wins the respect of Red and Pop when he spots cheating during a poker game and pitches in during the ensuing brawl. Slim is eventually promoted to lineman himself. When hungover lineman Wyatt Ranstead falls and is killed, the company sends a vice president to investigate. To save Pop\'s job, Red deliberately antagonizes the executive and is fired. Slim gets himself dismissed out of loyalty, and the two go on the road. They head to Chicago to see Red\'s girlfriend, Cally  a nurse. The three set out to have a good time . Slim finds himself falling for Cally, and she for him. When Red\'s money runs out, he and Slim head off to New Mexico for work. Red knows and dislikes one of their fellow linemen, Wilcox . When Red is later offered the job of foreman at another camp, he initially turns it down, but changes his mind when Slim offers to be his "straw boss" . Wilcox, who had been hoping for the promotion himself, tries to sabotage Red\'s rope, but Slim stops him. Later, on the ground, Wilcox pulls out a knife and stabs Slim. While Slim is recovering in the hospital, Cally comes to nurse Slim. She and Slim admit they love each other and tell Red they are going to marry. When Slim is offered stable, safe maintenance work, Cally accepts for him. Slim, however, refuses to give up his dangerous profession, and when Pop sends for Red, goes with him. They arrive during a terrible blizzard, and are called out to a substation to restore power, even though there are "hot" wires all around. Red and another man fall to their deaths when a line breaks. Cally joins Slim and once again tries to talk him out of line work. When Slim heads back out into the snow to complete the job, Cally accepts his decision, telling him, "I\'ll be waiting for you."'] ["Lily Brannel James leaves her small home town in Kansas for New York City, where she gets herself hired by the Thomas Caraway Model Agency. She befriends former top model Mary Ashlon, who becomes her mentor. Mary is depressed about her foundering career and, following a night of excessive drinking, she commits suicide. Lily eventually becomes a very successful model. As a favor to her attorney friend Jim Leversoe, she spends some time with Steve Harleigh, a Montana copper-mine owner in New York on business. The two fall in love, but both realize nothing can come of it. After Steve goes home, he has Jim buy Lily a bracelet, but she refuses to accept it. Lily finds that success does not fill the void in her life. When Steve returns to New York to secure a loan, he runs into her. He tells her he is married. His wife Nora was left a paraplegic in an automobile accident for which he was responsible. Despite this, their feelings for each other are too strong, and they embark on an affair. Matters come to a head when Nora visits him to celebrate his birthday. On the night of Steve's birthday, Lily hosts a party too, even though Steve stays with Nora, who is making some progress in relearning to walk with crutches. Steve slips out to Lily's party and is taken aback by her self-destructive behavior. Lily decides to confront Nora and asks family friend Jim to accompany her. However, when she sees how nice Nora is and how dependent she is on her husband, Lily cannot bring herself to tell her about her involvement with Steve. On the way out, she bumps into Steve at the elevator and tells him it is over. Some time later, Lily runs into advertising executive Lee Gorrance, who had been dating Mary just prior to her death. When Lily resists his romantic advances, he predicts she will end up lonely and depressed like Mary. Upset by his comments, Lily considers ending her own life, but finally resolves to remain strong, even if she is lonely."] ['Captain Hardt , a World War I German submarine commander, is ordered to lead a mission to attack the British Fleet at Scapa Flow. He puts ashore on the Orkney Islands to meet his contact but finds more than he bargained for in the local schoolmistress .'] ["Young Crown Prince Karl Heinrich , heir to the kingdom of Karlsburg, is brought to live with his stern uncle, King Karl VII . The king immediately dismisses the boy's nanny  without telling the youngster to avoid an emotional farewell. Fortunately, Dr. Friedrich Jüttner , his new tutor, proves to be sympathetic, and they become lifelong friends. Nonetheless, despite the commoners' belief that it must be wonderful to be him, the boy grows up lonely, without playmates his own age. Upon passing his high school examination in 1901, the young prince  is delighted to learn that both he and Jüttner are being sent to Heidelberg, where he will continue his education. When they arrive, Karl's servant is appalled at the rooms provided for the prince and Jüttner at the inn of Ruder . When Ruder's niece Kathi  stoutly defends the centuries-old family business, Karl is entranced by her, and decides to stay. He is quickly made a member of Corps Saxonia, a student society. Later that day, Karl tries to kiss Kathi, only to learn that she is engaged. Her family approves of her fiance, but she is not so sure about him. She eventually confesses to Karl that, despite the vast social gulf between them, she has fallen in love with him. Karl feels the same about her and swears that he will let nothing separate them. When he takes her boating, their rower, Johann Kellermann, turns his back to them to give them some privacy. Karl jokingly tells him that, when he is king, he will make Kellermann his majordomo. Then Jüttner receives a letter from the king ordering him to inform Karl that he has selected a princess for him to marry. Jüttner cannot bring himself to destroy his friend's happiness. That same day, however, Prime Minister von Haugk  arrives with the news that the king is seriously ill, and that Karl must go home and take up the reins of government. When Karl sees his uncle, he is told of the matrimonial plans. While Karl is still reeling from the shock, the old king dies, followed by Jüttner. Later, von Haugk presses the new monarch about the marriage. The anguished Karl signs the document for the wedding. Then Kellermann shows up to take the job Karl had offered him. When Karl asks him about Kathi, he learns that she is still waiting for him. He goes to see her one last time. In the last scene, Karl is shown riding through the streets in a carriage with his bride. One onlooker remarks that it must be wonderful to be king, unaware of Karl's misery."] ["Rose Morgan, a shy, plain, middle-aged English literature professor at Columbia University, shares a home with her vain, overbearing mother Hannah. Her attractive sister Claire starts preparations for her second wedding to Alex , who used to date Rose, so she begins to feel her loveless life is empty. Gregory Larkin, a Columbia Mathematics teacher who feels sex complicates matters between men and women, since he seems to lose all his rational perspective as soon as he is aroused. After his last girlfriend dumps him after one last night stand before she gets married, based on a suggestion by a sex-phone service, he decides to look for a relationship based on the intellectual rather than the physical and places an ad in a newspaper. Claire reads the ad and answers on behalf of Rose. Gregory is intrigued when Claire tells him that Rose teaches English literature at Columbia, so he drops in in Rose's lecture about chaste love in literature, missing entirely the point she was making. After a series of mishaps they begin dating and he is impressed by her wit and knowledge and seems to be fascinated by her quirks and mannerisms which usually drive people crazy. She is also fascinated by the dashing math professor and even helps him improve in his teaching techniques. He proposes marriage, with the condition it will be largely platonic, with rare sex only if she needs it. The prospect of spending the rest of her life as a lonely spinster living with her mother seems far worse than a marriage on those conditions, so Rose accepts. Rose's attraction to Gregory grows, and one night she attempts to seduce him, much to his annoyance. He had hoped that by then she had given up on the idea of sex, though he admits he initially raised its possibility. He abruptly breaks off their attempt at physical intimacy when he finds himself becoming truly aroused and fears that it will change the safe, comfortable feelings he feels towards Rose. When Gregory departs on a lengthy lecture tour, Rose embarks on a crash course in self-improvement: she diets, exercises, changes her hairstyle, learns to use makeup, and outfits herself in an updated wardrobe. When her husband returns he finds a very different woman waiting for him and is too startled to express his feelings before she admits that she made a mistake accepting their passionless marriage, and leaves him. All the while Rose realizes that everyone, including herself, is behaving differently now towards her improved-self, though not always to her liking. Gregory and Rose realize their mutual love has been hindered not by Rose's appearance, but by Gregory's unusual theories on marriage and sex, and finally recognize their deep affection."] [' Charlie Babbitt , a narcissistic Los Angeles car dealer in his mid-twenties, is in the middle of importing four grey market Lamborghinis. The deal is being threatened by the EPA, and if Charlie cannot meet its requirements he will lose a significant amount of money. After some quick subterfuge with an employee, Charlie leaves for a weekend trip to Palm Springs with his girlfriend, Susanna . Charlie\'s trip is cancelled by news that his estranged father, Sanford Babbitt, has died. Charlie travels to Cincinnati, Ohio, to settle the estate, where he learns an undisclosed trustee is inheriting $3 million on behalf of an unnamed beneficiary, while all he is to receive is a classic Buick Roadmaster convertible and several prize rose bushes. Eventually he learns the money is being directed to a mental institution, which is the home of his autistic brother, Raymond , of whose existence Charlie was previously unaware. This leads Charlie to ask the question that permeates the movie: "Why didn\'t somebody tell me I had a brother?" Although Raymond has autism, he also has superb recall, albeit usually with little understanding of the subject matter, but has extreme skills in mathematics  He is said to be a savant by some doctors. He is frightened by change and adheres to strict routines . Except when he is in distress, he shows little emotional expression and avoids eye contact. Numbed by learning that he has a brother and determined to get what he believes is his fair share of the Babbitt estate, Charlie takes Raymond on what becomes a cross-country car trip  back to Los Angeles to meet with his attorneys. Charlie intends to start a custody battle in order to get Raymond\'s doctor, Dr. Gerald R. Bruner , to settle out of court for half of Sanford Babbitt\'s estate so that the mental institution can maintain custody of Raymond. Susanna, disgusted by Charlie\'s self-centeredness and his attempts at using his brother as a pawn to gain the money, leaves Charlie in Cincinnati and disappears. During the course of the journey, Charlie learns about Raymond\'s autism, which he initially believes is not authentic – resulting in his frequent frustration with his brother\'s antics. He also learns about how his brother came to be separated from his family, as a result of an accident when he was left alone with Charlie when Charlie was a baby. Raymond also sings "I Saw Her Standing There" by The Beatles like he did when Charlie was young, prompting Charlie to realize that Raymond is the protective figure from his childhood, whom he falsely remembered as an imaginary friend named "Rain Man", which was a mispronunciation of "Raymond". Charlie proves to be sometimes shallow and exploitative, as when he learns that Raymond has an excellent memory and takes him to Las Vegas to win money at blackjack by counting cards. However, towards the end of their trip Charlie finds himself becoming protective of Raymond, and grows to love him truly. Charlie finally meets with his attorney to try to get his share of his inheritance, but then decides that he no longer cares about the money and really just wants to have custody of his brother. However, at a meeting with a court-appointed psychiatrist and Dr. Bruner, who is also a friend of Charlie\'s father and is left in charge of that money, Raymond is unable to decide exactly what he wants. Eventually, the psychiatrist presses Raymond to make the decision, upsetting him and leading Charlie to request that the doctor back off. Raymond is allowed to go back home to Cincinnati. Charlie, who has gained a new brother and mellowed considerably, promises Raymond as he boards an Amtrak train that he will visit in two weeks.'] ['Detroit, Michigan, 1963: Bob Ivanovich is a young boy, who prays one night for a circus in his backyard the next day after school. After school the next day, he runs home eagerly, followed by his friends. To his disappointment, no circus awaits. Angrily, Bob retreats to his closet in his room, his personal retreat space. Thirty years later, Bob Jones  now runs a Los Angeles public relations firm. He is happily married to Gail , who is pregnant with their first child. Bob is horrified to learn that he has been diagnosed with a terminal illness Kidney cancer and might not live to see their baby born. Bob begins to make home movies, to immortalize himself, to be shown after his death to his son, so he\'ll know who his father was, showing him how to cook spaghetti, how to drive, etc. He also begins to visit a Chinese healer named Mr. Ho , who urges him to listen to his heart, which is calling him to forgive, and that life is always giving him invitations if he would but listen. At his wife\'s urging, they fly to his hometown of Detroit to attend the wedding of his brother Paul . While in the area, Bob visits his childhood home. Also while there, they attempt to mend fences with his estranged family, which does not go well. Bob criticizes his brother for not moving to California like he did, and his father resents Bob moving thousands of miles away and changing his name. Bob returns to California with a heavy heart, sadly saying to his wife, "This is my last trip home." During a visit with Mr. Ho, he advises Bob to go into his heart "soon." Bob teaches his son by camera how to shave, play basketball, and how to start a car by jumper cable. He also confronts a childhood fear by finally riding a formidable rollercoaster. During the ride, a young companion urges him to let go of the railing as the descent begins, but Bob firmly holds on.  He is living on borrowed time—beyond the date the doctors gave him, as he says to his wife after getting off the coaster, "Today is D-Day. Death Day. I was supposed to be dead by today." Gail\'s contractions increase, and soon she is in the hospital, to give birth to their baby. Bob and Gail have a happy time with their newborn but soon, Bob\'s condition worsens, now that the cancer has reached his brain. Hospice care is arranged for Bob. Bob makes a final visit to Mr. Ho, and asks him what the light is he keeps seeing. Mr. Ho replies it is "the life of the self" and urges him to get his "house in order ." A hospice nurse, Theresa , moves in to help, but Bob is sinking fast. Bob and Gail finally call his family to inform them of what\'s going on. Bob\'s family comes west for the first time to visit. Bob makes peace with his family at last. Bob\'s childhood wish is finally granted by a circus in the backyard. As his father shaves him, Bob shows that he has at last made peace by telling his father he loves him. Bob finally comes to terms with his life as he dies peacefully, surrounded by the loving, supportive bosom of his family. Next is shown Bob on a metaphysical roller coaster, this time letting go of the railing, raising his arms freely in the air this time, metaphorically letting go of life, and finally enjoying the ride of life. Bob rides toward a beautiful, shining, ethereal light.  A year later, his son and wife watch him on video, reading Dr. Seuss\'s Green Eggs and Ham to his son.'] ['The story is a melodrama concerning a young woman, played by Yun Bong-choon, who is abused by her stepmother and half-sister. After her stepmother expels her from her home, she stabs her stepmother.'] ["On Armistice Day, some years after World War I has ended, four people gather in General Gresham's London drawing room. As the clock strikes eleven, they think back to their experiences of the way. Mrs Trott , a charlady, recalls hearing her son has died in action. The general  remembers making an error of judgement that led to the death of his men. Denise , the French governess to the general's grandchildren, relives the return of her war hero lover, Pierre , from the front; Pierre could not forgive Denise for having a child to a German officer who had raped her. The general's butler, James , recollects living as a beggar on the Thames embankment after the war and seeing the suicide of an ex-soldier."] ["In Les Halles, in the heart of Paris, the restaurateur André Chatelin , leads an uneventful life until the arrival from Marseille of Catherine , the daughter of his ex-wife Gabrielle . She tells him her mother is dead and that she is without resources. Chatelin welcomes her under his roof - then marries her. Gérard , a young student that Chatelin looks upon as a son, becomes Catherine's lover, and she sets him at odds with Chatelin. She asks him to kill the restaurateur. He refuses. She kills him. Having discovered that Gabrielle is still alive, declined and drug addicted, Chatelin realises the darkness of Catherine's soul who has always lied to him."] ["When Claire  learns that she is five months pregnant at the age of seventeen, she decides to keep the baby and not to tell the father . Instead, she quits her current job at a local supermarket and goes to work as an assistant for Madame Mélikian , an embroiderer for haute couture. Mélikian has just lost her only son in a motorcycle accident. Claire shows her willingness in taking her duties, as well as taking over Mélikian's private order when she is treated in the hospital."] ["The film is set in Viennese high society of about 1900. After a masked carnival ball, Gerda Harrandt , wife of the surgeon Carl Ludwig Harrandt ([[Peter Petersen , allows the fashionable artist Ferdinand von Heidenick later better known in the English-speaking cinema as Anton Walbrook to paint a portrait of her wearing only a mask and a muff. This muff however belongs to Anita Keller , in secret the painter's lover but also the fiancée of the court orchestra director Paul Harrandt , the brother of Gerda's husband. The picture is published in the newspaper. When Paul sees it and asks von Heidenick some searching questions about the identity of the model, the artist is forced to improvise a story and on the spur of the moment invents a woman called Leopoldine Dur as the alleged model. Leopoldine Dur however turns out to be a real woman , whose acquaintance Heidenick makes shortly afterwards. This makes his lover Anita so jealous that she shoots him. He survives, and Leopoldine nurses him back to health, in the course of which they fall in love. The true identity of the sitter in the portrait remains a mystery, however."] ['A lonely young man, Mario, meets a lonely young woman, Natalia. Mario  is lonely for social reasons; he is a stranger and a newcomer to town. Natalia  is lonely because she has always lived in isolation, even in the heart of the city. Her loneliness is intensified because she is in love with a man  who may not ever return to her, but who continues to occupy her heart to the exclusion of any other possible relationship. In turning the Dostoevsky story into a film, Visconti eliminated the first-person narration and made Natalia less of an innocent, and at times something of a hysteric and a tease. For his part, Mario rejects obvious offers of romantic attention from other women in the story, holding on to a fruitless obsession. Mario thanks the young woman for the moment of happiness she has brought him. However, he is left alone at the end of the film, befriending the same stray dog he met at the beginning. He is back at square one, and has put more energy into pursuing the fantasy of an obsession rather than any prospect of real love.'] ['It tells the story of a romance between a young drifter named Strip Harrison  and an older wealthy woman, Trish Rawlings .'] ['The film stars Elizabeth Alexander as Jessica Simmonds, who returns home from London to discover the street she grew up in being torn down by developers for high rise developments. Her father , a vocal opponent of the developers, is killed in a suspicious fire and Jessica takes up the cause of the local residents. She joins forces with Jeff Elliot ([[John Hargreaves , a union leader. As they probe further into the background of the development they unearth sinister connections between the development group and organised crime.'] ['Valentine "Snakeskin" Xavier, a guitar-playing drifter, flees New Orleans in order to avoid arrest. He finds work in a small-town five-and-dime owned by an embittered older woman known as Lady Torrance, whose vicious husband Jabe lies on his deathbed in their apartment above the store. Both alcoholic nymphomaniac Carol Cutrere and simple housewife Vee Talbott set their sights on the newcomer, but Val succumbs to the charms of Lady, who plans to set him up with a refreshment bar. Sheriff Talbott, a friend of Jabe, threatens to kill Val if he remains in town, but he chooses to stay when he discovers Lady is pregnant. His decision sparks Jabe\'s jealousy and leads to tragic consequences.'] ['The movie unfolds at least nine different stories on very different levels. First, there is John as a reporter, trying to capture the interesting things in daily life of Hong Kong and persuading himself that in this way he gives his life a meaning. Second, there is Vivian, who is trying to find a balance in life, trying to escape from the underground and forget about her past, but is not allowed to do so because of the prejudices that go back thousands of years in the Chinese society . Third, there is Vivian , with a possibility to discard all the problems she has with a simple option of marrying John and going to the West. But she knows that would just be running away from the core of the problem and it wouldn\'t really be a long-term solution, because of different cultural backgrounds and maybe even because of a subtle uncertainty regarding John\'s ex-wife and ex-life. Fourth, there is Jean, with her own story and with a typical Hong Kong here-today-who-knows-where-tomorrow attitude--living the moment, enjoying and suffering at the same time, perfect reflection of modern life, especially so easily seen in Hong Kong. She understands all the different kinds of hardships that come in life--her face is disfigured--but also understands where to draw the line in selling herself. John tries to help her, but does that in a dishonest way, which disappoints her tremendously. Jean\'s story was inspired by a short story by the American-British author Rachel Ingalls, according to a note in the film\'s credits.http://www.avclub.com/articles/wayne-wang,13516/http://www.calendarlive.com/movies/reviews/cl-movie980416-6,0,6006146.story Fifth, there is friendship between John and Jim. Close, mutually understanding, with enough humor and sarcasm to keep them going even through the bad days. Sixth, there is Chang, a man of power, of high position, but a wimp in his heart. Money can\'t replace what he doesn\'t have in personality. No charisma, no morality, no care. Just money and status. He is ashamed of Vivian, and loves her in his own pathetic, cowardly way at the same time. He doesn\'t marry her but rather arranges a mock wedding photo-shoot, so Vivian would have some pictures . He is very much into "saving face" and can not find an equilibrium in his life . Seventh, there are John and Vivian. A story of true love that just isn\'t meant to be. Not because they wouldn\'t want it to, but because of the constraints of the society they live in. Eighth, there is John , perplexed with his own mortality of which awareness appears suddenly and without preparation. Ninth, there is the political aspect of Hong Kong politically becoming a part of China again, which  was a great uncertainty.'] ['Gloria Wandrous  wakes up in wealthy executive Weston Liggett\'s  apartment and finds Liggett has left her $250. Insulted, Gloria, whose dress is torn, takes Liggett\'s wife Emily\'s mink coat to cover herself and scrawls "No Sale" in lipstick on the mirror. But she orders her telephone answering service, BUtterfield 8, to put Liggett through if he should call. Gloria visits a childhood friend, pianist Steve Carpenter ([[Eddie Fisher , in his Greenwich Village apartment. He chastises Gloria for wasting her life on one-night stands, but agrees to ask his girlfriend Norma  to lend her a dress. Gloria leaves, whereupon Norma jealously gives Steve an ultimatum: He must choose between her and Gloria. Liggett takes a train to the countryside where his wife Emily  is caring for her mother. A friend, Bingham Smith , advises him to end his adulterous relationships and return to Bing\'s law firm instead of working for the chemical business of Emily\'s father. Gloria lies to her doting mother Annie , claiming to have spent the night at Norma\'s. A neighbor, Fanny Thurber , insinuates that Gloria spends many nights in "less than virtuous" circumstances. Liggett returns home. Finding the lipstick and money, he phones Gloria to explain the money was meant for her to buy a new dress, to replace the one that he had torn. While drinking later that night, Liggett advises her to ask a high price for her lovemaking talents, prompting Gloria to jam her stiletto heel into his shoe. She insists that she does not take payment from her dates and claims that she has been hired as a model to advertise the dress she is wearing at three different bistros that very night. Liggett follows her and watches Gloria flirt with dozens of men at several clubs. He drives her to a run-down motel owned by middle-aged female ex-vaudevillian called Happy . After sleeping together, Liggett and Gloria decide to explore their relationship further. Norma finds the mink coat in Steve\'s closet. He tries to explain that after Gloria\'s father died, Steve looked after her like a brother. Norma again asserts that she does not want to continue their relationship with Gloria in their lives. Liggett disappears with Gloria for five days. His mother-in-law suggests to Emily that she divorce him. Emily feels he is frustrated by the life her family has handed him and insists she will be patient with him. Liggett finally admits to Gloria that he is married. Far from being surprised, she thanks Liggett for the respect he showed her, finally calling her by name instead of "honey" or "dollface." Gloria describes herself to her mother about having been a "slut" and Annie slaps her. Now that her mother has finally heard the truth, Gloria says she has finally fallen in love with only one man. Gloria visits her psychiatrist, Dr. Tredman, to insist that her relationship with Liggett has cured her of promiscuity. She rushes to Liggett\'s apartment building with the mink coat to return it, but sees his elegant wife Emily in the entryway and leaves in shame. Liggett takes up Bing\'s offer of a job at the law firm. When he returns home, Emily has noticed that her mink is gone. Liggett nervously makes excuses and rushes out to search for Gloria at her regular clubs, but finds instead that he is just one in a "fraternity" of Gloria\'s ex-lovers. "We meet at Yankee Stadium," one says. Gloria goes to visit Happy, who relates that her own wild and promiscuous life in her youth brought her nothing but pain and led to a depressing dead end. When she finds Liggett at a bistro the following evening, he launches into a series of drunken insults and taunts Gloria, saying "honey, baby, dollface, kid" and creates a scene. Gloria then drives a drunken Liggett to his apartment building where Emily, spotting them from a window above, watches as her husband throws the coat at Gloria, saying that he would never give the tainted object back to his wife. Gloria goes to Steve, saying cynically that she feels she has earned the mink coat she is wearing, every thread and fur pelt. She recounts that when she was 13 years old, Major Hartley, a friend of her widowed mother, had repeatedly raped her while her mother was away. The next day, a defeated Liggett asks Emily for a divorce. He explains that he loves Gloria so much that the thought of her deserting him drove him into a rage. Norma, meanwhile finds Gloria asleep on Steve\'s couch, but he calmly asks Norma to marry him. Back home, Gloria tells her mother she is going to Boston to begin a new life. She gives the mink to Fanny and leaves in her sports car. Finding out where she went, Liggett drives until he spots her car at a roadside café.  He tries to apologize to Gloria by asking her to marry him, but Gloria insists that she is "branded" by his insults. He convinces her to go to Happy\'s to talk in private, but when Happy greets her sarcastically, Gloria speeds away. Liggett drives after her, trying to catch up to her increasingly fast pace. While turning to see him follow her, Gloria misses a sign for road construction and hurtles over an embankment to her death. When he returns to the city, Liggett tells his wife about Gloria\'s death and announces that he is leaving to "find my pride."'] ['The story of Queen Joanna of Castile, known as "Juana la loca," and her husband Philip I of Castile, also known as "Philip the handsome."'] ['{{Expand section}} A man is wrongly accused of a series of killings, leaving him to hunt the real murderer.'] ["The movie revolves around a never-reached-his-potential piano player, Remy and his struggles with, first, his failing marriage...then his wife's untimely demise and finally the infatuation that his 14-year old step daughter has developed for him. Patrick Dewaere's character, Remy can never catch a break. He struggles for cash and his lack of motivation dogs him constantly. His role as stepfather to a budding woman is just another obstacle he faces in his downtrodden path. Ariel Besse plays a 14-year old girl. Maurice Ronet is a man about town but has also lost focus."] ['Karl Childers  is a mentally disabled Arkansas man who has been in the custody of the state mental hospital since the age of 12 for having killed his mother and her lover. Although thoroughly "institutionalized," Karl is deemed fit to be released into the outside world. Prior to his release, he is interviewed by a local college newspaper reporter, to whom he recounts the brutal murder of his mother and her boyfriend with a Kaiser blade - during which scene he notes to the reporter that, "Some folks call it a sling blade. I call it a kaiser blade," the line from which the film derives its name. Karl continues, saying that he killed the man because he thought he was raping his mother. When he discovered that his mother was a willing participant in the affair, he killed her too. Having developed a knack for small-engine repair during his childhood and his institutionalization, Karl lands a job at a small-engine repair shop in the small town where he was born and raised. Around this time, he befriends 12-year-old Frank Wheatley . Karl shares with Frank some of the details of his past, including the killings. Frank reveals that his father was killed - hit by a train - leaving him and his mother on their own - he later admits that he lied, and that his father committed suicide. Frank introduces Karl to his mother, Linda , as well as her gay friend, Vaughan Cunningham  , the manager of the dollar store where she is employed. Despite Vaughan\'s concerns about Karl\'s history in the mental hospital, Linda allows him to move into her garage, which angers Linda\'s abusive boyfriend, Doyle Hargraves . Eventually, Karl bonds with both Linda and Vaughan. In an early scene, Vaughan tells Karl that a gay man and a mentally challenged man face similar obstacles of intolerance and ridicule in small-town America. Karl quickly becomes a father figure to Frank, who misses his father and despises Doyle. For Karl, Frank becomes much like a younger brother. Karl eventually reveals that he is haunted by the task given him by his parents when he was a child of six or eight years: to dispose of his premature, unwanted, newborn brother. In a subsequent scene, he visits his father , who has become a mentally unbalanced hermit living in the dilapidated home where Karl grew up. Karl tells his father that killing the baby was wrong, and that he had wanted to kill his father for making him do it, but eventually decided that he wasn\'t worth the effort. Doyle becomes increasingly abusive toward Karl and Frank, leading to an eventual drunken outburst and physical confrontation with Linda and Frank. Linda kicks Doyle out of the house, telling him to go home and sober up. The next day, Linda and Doyle reconcile. Knowing that he has the upper hand again, Doyle confronts Karl and Frank and announces his plan to move into the house permanently; he plans "big changes", including Karl\'s removal from the house. Karl begins to realize that he is the only one who can bring about a positive change and thus spare Frank and his mother a grim fate. Karl makes Frank promise to spend the night at Vaughan\'s house, and asks Vaughan to pick up Linda from work and have her stay over also. Later that evening, Karl returns to Linda\'s house, but seems undecided about whether he should enter. After asking Doyle how to reach the police by phone, he kills Doyle with two stabbing blows to the head from a lawnmower blade he\'d fashioned into a weapon. Karl then calls the police to turn himself in, and requests a hearse be sent for Doyle. He calmly dines on biscuits and mustard while waiting for the authorities. Returned to the state hospital, he seems a different person than he was during his previous incarceration. He sternly rebuffs a sexual predator  who had previously forced him to listen to tales of his horrible deeds.'] ["A young man is accused of murder and a master detective is set to track him down and uncover conclusive evidence of his guilt. But the more he works on the case, the more he becomes convinced that the accused is not the real killer. He discovers that the murder was committed by a notorious gangster who's attempting to frame the boy."] ["Tony Rivers , a troubled teenager at Rockdale High, is known for losing his temper and overreacting. A campus fight between Tony and classmate Jimmy  gets the attention of the local police, Det. Donovan  in particular. Donovan breaks up the fight and advises Tony to talk with a “psychologist” that works at the local aircraft plant, Dr. Alfred Brandon , a practitioner of hypnotherapy. Tony declines, but his girlfriend Arlene  - as well as his widowed father  - show concern about his violent behavior. Later, at a Halloween party at “the Haunted House” – an old house that several of the teenagers hang out at – Tony attacks his friend Vic  after being surprised from behind. After seeing the shocked expressions on his friends’ faces, he realizes he needs help and goes to see Dr. Brandon. On Tony’s first visit, however, Brandon makes it clear that he has his own agenda while the teenager lies on the psychiatrist’s couch: Tony will be an excellent subject for his experiments with a scopolamine serum he’s developed that regresses personalities to their primitive instincts. Brandon believes that the only future mankind has is to 'hurl him back to his primitive state.' Although Brandon's assistant, Dr. Hugo Wagner , protests that the experiment might kill Tony, Brandon continues and within two sessions suggests to Tony that he was once a werewolf. That night, after a small party at the haunted house, Tony drives Arlene home; and one of their buddies, Frank , is attacked and killed as he is walking home through the woods. While Donovan and Police Chief Baker  review photographs of the victim and await an autopsy, Pepi , the police station's janitor, persuades officer Chris Stanley  to let him see the photos. Pepi, a native of the Carpathian Mountains, where werewolves, “human beings possessed by wolves” are common, immediately recognizes the marks on Frank's body, much to the disbelief of Chris, who balks at the idea of a werewolf. The next day, after another session with Brandon, during which Tony tells the doctor that he feels that there is something very wrong with him, Tony reports to Miss Ferguson , the principal of Rockdale High. Miss Ferguson tells Tony that she is pleased with him; Brandon has given him a positive report regarding his behavior; and that she intends to recommend Tony for entry into State College. As Tony leaves the principal's office happy with the good news, he passes the gymnasium where Theresa  is practicing by herself. A school bell behind his head suddenly rings, triggering his transformation into a werewolf, and he attacks and kills Theresa. Tony flees the highschool and despite the changes in his facial appearance, witnesses identify him by his clothing, causing Baker to issue an all-points bulletin for his arrest. A local reporter, Doyle , interviews Tony's father as well as Arlene and her parents, in the hope of locating Tony and getting a scoop. Baker and Donovan attempt to trap Tony in the woods where they think he may be hiding. Still in the form of a werewolf, Tony watches as the dragnet looks for him, but is surprised by a dog and ends up killing it. In the morning, Tony awakens and sees he has reverted to his normal appearance and walks into the town. After phoning Arlene , Tony heads to Brandon's office and begs for his help. Brandon wants to witness Tony's transformation, and capture it on film in order to advance himself in the scientific community. Brandon tells Tony he will help him and after telling him to lie on the couch, and injects him with the serum again. Immediately following the transformation, a nearby ringing telephone triggers Tony's instincts and he leaps up and kills both Brandon and Wagner, breaking open the film camera in the process, ruining the film. Alerted that Tony has been seen nearby, Donovan and Chris break in and are forced to shoot several times as Tony advances toward them. Upon dying, Tony’s normal features return, leaving Donovan to speculate on Brandon's involvement – and on the mistake of man interfering in the realms of God."] ['The Strategic Air Command is about to introduce the B-52 Stratofortress bomber as its primary manned strategic weapon. Stationed at 329th Bomb Squadron, Castle Air Force Base, California, twenty-year United States Air Force  veteran Master Sergeant Chuck Brennan  dislikes his commanding officer, the "hotshot" Lieutenant Colonel Jim Herlihy . Brennan has not trusted Herlihy since an incident in the Korean War. This career-long problem interferes with flight operations and aircraft support. When Herlihy starts dating Brennan\'s daughter Lois , tensions grow. Brennan demands his daughter break off the relationship. Brennan, Herlihy and others try to solve all the technical problems that plague the introduction of the B-52. On one top-secret test flight to Africa, after being refueled mid-air, a control panel short-circuits, causing a fire. Herlihy orders everyone to bail out and ejects Brennan when he refuses. After safely landing the burning bomber at Castle AFB, Herlihy sends out search parties who recover all of the crew successfully except for Brennan. Following a hunch, Herlihy eventually finds the mechanic who is severely injured, and airlifts him from remote back country by helicopter to a hospital. Realizing that he was wrong about Herlihy who risked his life to bring him home, Brennan accepts that his daughter and his commanding officer should reunite. Eventually Brennan also has to choose between a high-paying civilian job and when told that his discharge papers are ready, he decides to continue his career in the USAF that he loves.'] [" The story, told partly in flashback and narrated by Clem Miniver, commences on VE Day as Clem and Judy return home from war service and Toby returns from a foster family in America. Judy, a corporal driver, is loved by Tom Foley, a captain in the Royal Engineers, but she is besotted with a general  married but separated and twice her age. Kay Miniver has also conducted a brief and innocent affair with an American colonel. Clem is now restless and dissatisfied; he successfully applies for a design contract in Brazil. But Kay, unknown to him, has developed a major cardiac condition and has one year at most to live. Despite this, she persuades the general to return to his wife, leaving Judy free to marry Tom. The wedding goes ahead. Clem, now aware of Kay's medical condition, decides to stay in London and brings Tom into his architectural practice. Satisfied that her family are safe and happy, Kay dies. No mention is made of the eldest Miniver son, Vincent, who appeared in the earlier film, possibly because Greer Garson and Richard Ney  had married and been divorced  by the time The Miniver Story was produced in 1950."] ["A mysterious young woman arrives at Wildfell Hall, an old mansion of Elizabethan era with a young son. She determines to lead an independent existence, but her new neighbors don't want to let her alone. Only one of them, a young farmer, Gilbert Markham, succeeded in revealing her secrets. For a full length summary see: The Tenant of WIldfell Hall plot summary."] ['A melodrama about a Korean woman who has lived in Spain pursuing her Ph.D. in Korea.Synopsis from {{cite web}}'] ["This film revolves around a 16-year-old girl, Mayil , filled with ambitions of becoming a teacher. She is an attractive, intelligent woman living in a small society and experiences ripe love when sees the new veterinarian who has come to visit. Many are impressed by this charming young fellow who has entered the village. He seems to be a wealthy, prosperous man and soon develops a relationship with Mayil. Mayil, who is deeply in love, sacrifices her opportunity to study in the teaching college course to spend time with him. But his intentions are not pure and he dumps Mayil after consummating their relationship. Mayil's mother also passes away, leaving her only with distant cousin Chappani  for support. Chappani, a village bumpkin, is taken advantage of and isolated by the society. He is secretly in love with Mayil, but is jealous and upset about the vet. Another important character is the village roughie Parattai  who also has an eye on Mayil. How Mayil lives and whom she chooses as her man forms the rest of the story. The theme of this emotive story is to show how vulnerable women are when in love. This story conveys strong themes and depicts an issue faced by many young women all over the world."] ["Lon Chaney plays Grumpy Anderson, a railroad engineer with an obsession for running his train on time. His slavishness to promptness causes several tragedies which alienate him from his family. Fortunately, by the story's end, the engineer restores their faith in him and validates his obsession by forcing his train through a flood to bring badly needed Red Cross supplies to the victims."] ['Nickie Ferrante , a well-known playboy and dilettante in the arts, meets Terry McKay  aboard the transatlantic ocean liner SS Constitution en route from Europe to New York. Each is involved with someone else. After a series of chance meetings aboard the ship, they establish a friendship. When Terry joins Nickie on a brief visit to his grandmother when the ship anchors near her home on the Mediterranean coast, she sees Nickie with new eyes and their feelings blossom into love. During their visit, it is revealed that Nickie has had a talent for painting, but has dropped said trait due to his critical attitude towards his own art. As the ship returns to New York City, they agree to reunite at the top of the Empire State Building in six months\' time, if they have succeeded in ending their relationships and starting new careers. On the day of their rendezvous, Terry, in her haste to reach the Empire State Building, is struck down by a car while crossing a street. Gravely injured, she is rushed to the hospital. Meanwhile, Nickie, waiting for her at the observation deck at the top of the building, is unaware of the accident and, after many hours, finally concedes at midnight that she will not arrive, believing that she has rejected him. After the accident Terry, now unable to walk, refuses to contact Nickie, wanting to conceal her disability. Instead, she finds work as a music teacher. Nickie has pursued his talent as a painter and has his work displayed by an old friend, an art shop owner. Six months after the accident, she sees Nickie with his former fiancée at the ballet, which she herself is attending with her former boyfriend. Nickie does not notice her condition because she is seated and only says hello as he passes her. Nickie finally learns Terry\'s address and, on Christmas Eve, makes a surprise visit to her. Although he steers the conversation to make her explain her actions, Terry merely dodges the subject, never leaving the couch on which she sits. As he is leaving, Nickie mentions a painting that he had been working on when they originally met, and that it was just given away at the art shop to a woman who liked it but had no money. He is about to say that the woman was in a wheelchair when he pauses, suddenly suspecting why Terry has been sitting unmoving on the couch. He walks into her bedroom and sees his painting hanging on the wall, and a wheelchair concealed there. He now knows why she did not keep their appointment. The film ends with the two in a tight embrace, each realizing that the other\'s love endures. In closing, Terry says, "If you can paint, I can walk; anything is possible, don\'t you think?"'] ['Julian Berniers returns from Illinois with his young bride Lily Prine to the family in New Orleans. His spinster sisters Carrie and Anna welcome the couple, who arrive with expensive gifts. The sisters hope Julian will help with their expenses, and he tells them that while his profitable factory went out of business, he did manage to save money. It turns out that Julian pulled off a real estate scam and took off with the money. Carrie is obsessed with her brother. Her jealousy of Lily pushes her to discover the shady land deal for herself and she does everything she can to wreck their marriage.'] ['The film opens with Sebastian Valmont  conversing with his soon-to-be ex-principal and the principal\'s insistence on having Sebastian\'s permanent record relayed to his new school, thereby hampering his chance for a new start at Manchester prep. Following his arrival in New York, Sebastian discovers the wealth of his new family; meeting Kathryn Merteuil  for the first time and bettering her with piano and vocabulary. This leads to a confrontation between Kathryn and Sebastian whereby she states that she has a comfortable lifestyle and that he "better not interfere". Sebastian later begins school. While waiting to see his new headmaster, he encounters Danielle Sherman ([[Sarah Thompson , who is, unknown to him, Headmaster Sherman\'s daughter. A school assembly follows, showing Kathryn delivering a speech to her classmates, but being persistently interrupted by uncontrollable hiccups coming from a student, who then begins to choke on the gum that she was chewing in a bid to stop her hiccups. She is saved by the quick action of Danielle who performs the Heimlich maneuver, allowing the student to expel the gum, which ends up flying into Kathryn\'s hair. A meeting of a secret society of student elites presided by Kathryn takes place, deciding upon the fate of the new students. This leads them to Cherie, the student with the hiccups. It is then discovered that Cherie\'s family is wealthier than that of Kathryn; this, and the events of the assembly, cause Kathryn to seek a vendetta against Cherie. Sebastian, coming from a more humble upbringing, wishes to befriend his house staff. Doing so angers Kathryn, whose day is interrupted by not being able to contact her driver. This, and Kathryn\'s jealousy of Sebastian, cause her to admit that she is unhappy with her life. Sebastian attempts to woo Danielle: first, by asking her for coffee at her work; then, later, conversing with her over the telephone. Eventually, this evolves into a relationship, but Kathryn, seeing this, uses it as a way to get back at Sebastian. First, by tempting him away from Danielle by luring him with identical twins, who confide to Sebastian that Danielle is the only virgin at Manchester. Kathryn\'s attempt to sabotage Cherie backfires, as Kathryn\'s mother tells her to become best friends with Cherie, in an attempt to encourage Cherie\'s mother to donate a large amount of money to the school. In the end, Sebastian stays with Danielle; professing his love for her, only to find that she does not reciprocate, but is in fact working alongside Kathryn in a secret plan to dupe Sebastian. Defeated by Kathryn\'s manipulation, Sebastian states "if you can\'t beat them, join them," thus leading to a threesome with Danielle and Kathryn followed by an alliance of the three to dominate and manipulate others. In the last scene, Cherie is seen riding her bike, which is run over by Sebastian\'s car. Sebastian offers to give her a ride, and has sex with her. Kathryn and Danielle are seen, in the front of the car, pleased with the results.'] ['The story begins when Ramu, having ditched yet another job interview, coming home to his angry father. His father berates him, and in the process, Ramu reveals that he does not want an "Udyogam", rather, he want to do "vyapaaram" . After his father vehemently rejects the idea, he runs away from home at night. On the other hand, Jyothi wants to be a model, and make her big debut in a beauty pageant in the city. She tells this to her mother and father, but her grandmother, the head of the house says a strong no, and she has already fixed for a potential suitor to Jyothi to come to the house the next day. Jyothi refuses, but her grandmother ignores her, and her parents are helpless. In order to make her dream come true, she runs away at night, and boards a train, the same one Ramu happens to be on. On the train, a stranger offers them biscuits, which Ramu accepts. He awakes to find his luggage gone. While complaining to an officer, he meets Jyothi, whose luggage was also stolen. The officer promises to help them, and takes whatever money they have with him as a service fee. They later realize that the man was a dupe, and that they now have absolutely no money. They part to separate ways. Ramu attempts to pawn his ring, but is paid less than what he paid for it. Jyothi goes to the beauty contest, but is sent away because she doesn\'t have an admission ticket. A contest official sees her and makes an offer to her, be in the pageant in exchange for a night with her. Startled by the cheapness of the industry, she insults the official and leaves. As night falls she finds herself back at the train station, where she meets Ramu again, and together, they begin their lives of crime.'] ["Tamanna Sahni  is a dedicated staff member of a top advertising agency, her ideas and designs have mainly contributed to the success of the agency. She leaves for a college reunion and meets her college sweetheart Rohit Manchanda . They rekindle their love for each other and share some intimate moments together. Eventually Rohit leaves and Tamanna settles back into her normal daily routine. When her sister, Tanya , has an accident she decides to give her own blood to replace the blood used to save Tanya. However her doctor, Dr. Raisingh , tells her that she has been tested positive for HIV. Tamanna's world turns upside down and she desperately tries to get into contact with Rohit but in vain. Her situation is soon spread around the office and she loses her job. Angered by her unfair dismissal she searches for a lawyer to fight her case. Eventually Tarun Anand  agrees to represent her."] ["Caroline Ruthyn is the teenage niece of the her elderly uncle Silas, a sickly and at one time unbalanced man who becomes her guardian on the death of her father. The fact that Silas is broke and greedy and young Caroline is the heir to her father's vast fortune is reason enough for Caroline to be wary, but her fears increase when she meets Silas's perverted son and when she discovers that her fearsome former governess, Madame de la Rougierre, is working with her uncle..."] ["Five prostitutes work at Dreamland, in Tokyo's Yoshiwara district. As the Diet considers a ban on prostitution, the women's daily dramas play out. Each has dreams and motivations. Hanae is married, her husband unemployed; they have a young child. Yumeko, a widow, uses her earnings to raise and support her son, who's now old enough to work and care for her. The aging Yorie has a man who wants to marry her. Yasumi saves money diligently to pay her debt and get out; she also has a suitor who wants to marry her, but she has other plans for him. Mickey seems the most devil-may-care, until her father comes from Kobe to bring her news of her family and ask her to come home."] ["A fading family-owned automobile manufacturer and its owners pin their hopes for a return to profitability on a new model named for the great-granddaughter of the firm's founder. The aging Loren Hardeman Sr. remains the titular head of a Detroit automotive conglomerate.  His grandson, Loren Hardeman III, now runs the company as president, but has diversified into other fields and is concerned that the auto division is not as lucrative as it once was and might even need to be eliminated. A young auto racer, Angelo Perino, has been secretly commissioned to develop a ground-breaking fuel-efficient car. He juggles romantic relationships with a British royal, Lady Bobby Ayres, and the young Betsy, who is about to turn 21 and inherit a fortune, including the new car her great-grandfather is naming in her honor. Loren Hardeman III bitterly despises Hardeman Sr., who once carried on an affair with Loren's mother. The older Hardeman is not the man he used to be, but neither is he ready to step aside forever."] ["In late 1940s Yorkshire, England, ambitious young man Joe Lampton , who has just moved from the dreary factory town of Dufton, arrives in Warley, to assume a secure, but poorly-paid, post in the Borough Treasurer's Department. Determined to succeed, and ignoring the warnings of a colleague, Soames , he is drawn to Susan Brown , daughter of the local industrial magnate, Mr. Brown . He deals with Joe’s social climbing by sending Susan abroad; Joe turns for solace to Alice Aisgill , an unhappily married older woman who falls in love with him. When Susan returns from her holiday, shortly after the lovers  have quarrelled, Joe seduces Susan, and then returns to Alice. Discovering that Susan is pregnant, Mr. Brown, after failing to buy off Joe, coerces him to give up Alice and marry his daughter. Deserted and heartbroken, Alice launches on a drinking bout that culminates in her car-accident death. Distraught, Joe disappears, and after being beaten unconscious by a gang of thugs for making a drunken pass at one of their women, he is rescued by his colleague Soames in time to wed Susan."] ['The film is told in eight straight chapters: *Chapter ONE: In which we happen upon Manderlay and meet the people there *Chapter TWO: "The freed enterprise of Manderlay" *Chapter THREE: "The Old Lady\'s Garden" *Chapter FOUR: In which Grace means business *Chapter FIVE: "Shoulder to Shoulder" *Chapter SIX: Hard times at Manderlay *Chapter SEVEN: "Harvest" *Chapter EIGHT: In which Grace settles with Manderlay and the film ends Set in the early 1930s, the film takes up the story of Grace  and her father  after burning the town of Dogville at the end of the previous film. Grace and her father travel in convoy with a number of gunmen through rural Alabama where they stop briefly outside a plantation called Manderlay. As the gangsters converse, a black woman emerges from Manderlay\'s front gates complaining that someone is about to be whipped for stealing a bottle of wine. Grace enters the plantation and learns that within it, slavery persists, roughly 70 years after the American Civil War and the Emancipation Proclamation. Grace is appalled, and insists on staying at the plantation with a small contingent of gunmen and her father\'s lawyer, Joseph, in order to guarantee the slaves\' safe transition to freedom. Shortly after Grace\'s father and the remaining gangsters depart, Mam , the master of the house, dies, but not before asking Grace to burn a notebook containing "Mam\'s Law," an exhaustive code of conduct for the entire plantation and all its inhabitants, free and slave. She reads the descriptions of each variety of slave that can be encountered, which include: *Group 1: Proudy Nigger *Group 2: Talkin\' Nigger *Group 3: Weepin\' Nigger *Group 4: Hittin\' Nigger *Group 5: Clownin\' Nigger *Group 6: Loser Nigger *Group 7: Pleasing Nigger  The principal seven divisions are each populated by a single adult slave at Manderlay, who congregate daily and converse on a "parade ground," with roman numerals of the numbers 1 through 7 designating where each slave stands. "Mam\'s Law" contains further provisions against the use of cash by slaves, or the felling of trees on the property for timber. All of this information disgusts Grace, and inspires her to take charge of the plantation in order to punish the slave owners and prepare the slaves for life as free individuals. In order to guarantee that the former slaves will not continue to be exploited as sharecroppers, Grace orders Joseph to draw up contracts for all Manderlay\'s inhabitants, institutionalizing a communistic form of cooperative living in which the white family works as slaves and the blacks collectively own the plantation and its crops. Throughout this process, Grace lectures all those present about the notions of freedom and democracy, using rhetoric entirely in keeping with the ideology of racial equality which most contemporary Americans had yet to embrace. However as the film progresses, Grace fails to embed these principles in Manderlay\'s community in a form she considers satisfactory. Furthermore, her suggestions for improving the conditions of the community backfire on several occasions, such as using the surrounding trees for timber, which leaves the crops vulnerable to dust storms. After a year of such tribulations, the community harvests its cotton and successfully sells it, marking the high point of Grace\'s involvement. Subsequently she unenthusiastically has sex with one of the ex-slaves who also steals and gambles away all of the cotton profits. Finally admitting her failure, Grace contacts her father and attempts to leave the plantation only to be stopped by the plantation\'s blacks. At this point it is revealed that "Mam\'s Law" was not conceived and enforced by Mam or any of the other whites, but instead by Wilhelm , the community\'s eldest member, as a means of maintaining the status quo after the abolition of slavery, protecting the blacks from a hostile outside world. As in many von Trier films, the idealistic main character becomes frustrated by the reality he or she encounters.'] ['Discovering that her husband is a bigamist, Nan  returns with her child to her Puget Sound logging town. She is treated as an outcast by all save Donald , her childhood sweetheart who happens to be the son of a millionaire. Their romance is thwarted by his parents, but after she nurses him to recovery from an apparently fatal illness they are married. The subsequent arrival of a son prompts a family reconciliation.'] ['The story centers around Isaac Hendrix , a young college student studying law and a taxi-cab driver in New Orleans. While out on a night of fun with his friends and wife, Christella during a hypnosis act, he becomes an unwilling host for the restless spirit of J.D Walker, a hustler killed during the 40s. Over the course of the film "Ike" finds his own personality gradually being taken over by the sociopathic Walker, even eventually going so far as to adopt his hair and fashion style, mannerisms, and psychotic tendencies . With the spirit of J.D. in complete control he turns his attention toward wreaking vengeance against the man responsible for killing his sister, Theotis Bliss. Ike commits havoc all over town along the way before making his way to the church where Theotis\' brother works as a preacher, where he finally reveals himself and instructs Elijah to tell Theotis to meet him "on the killin\' ground". Ike\'s wife has meanwhile gone to her ex-husband, a cop who is out for Ike\'s blood believing him to be a simple psycho hiding behind a false persona--until he mentions to the Chief that Ike claimed his name was J.D. Walker, a man who was not only real, but had died over 30 years ago. J.D. was a hustler who ran numbers during World War II as well as a black-market meat plant where he was murdered by Theotis Bliss after witnessing the murder of his own sister, Betty Jo, at his hands because of her derisive chiding of him and threatening to expose the secret she held about her baby daughter. After being discovered over Betty Jo\'s lifeless body with her blood on his hand, Elijah Bliss , Betty Jo\'s husband and the believed father of her child , accused J.D of being the killer and J.D was gunned down on the spot by Theotis to cover up the event. Following Theotis to the old factory, Elijah finally learns the truth before getting into a struggle with Theotis for his gun, during which the weapon discharges and kills Theotis while Ike watches and laughs maniacally as the event plays out. His business complete, J.D. appears to leave Ike\'s body and thanks to Elijah\'s testimony, he is allowed to go free to rejoin his wife and friends waiting for him outside. Joan Pringle went on to star in the defunct NBC serial Generations; Glynn Turman went on to star as Colonel Taylor on NBC\'s A Different World and most recently appeared on The CW comedy, All of Us in 2006.'] ['Madeleine Damien is the fashion editor of a slick Manhattan magazine by day and a lively party girl by night. Unfortunately, the pressures of her job, including kowtowing to a hefty advertiser, and her bad luck with men are driving her to a breakdown. She seeks the help of a psychiatrist, and under his orders, quits her job and moves into a smaller flat under a new identity. She becomes interested in painting and a handsome neighbor. He soon finds out about her past when an ex-suitor implicates her in a murder.'] ['Thomas, a trouble thirteen-year-old boy, picking flowers in a cemetery, is surprised by Martin, an escaped convict who demands that the boy brings him some money for a train fare later that day. The boy does not know where to get money; the criminal, tells him to ask his parents. "My parents are dead," the boy says. In fact, his parents, Maurice and Lili, are alive. They are separated by they both live near the boy\'s grandparent\'s house. Thomas, disaffected by his parents divorce, goes to a boarding catholic school but is spending the weekend with his family and is going to have first communion. His grandmother is arranging to celebrate that special day and hopes her daughter and son in law would reconcile. The boy tries to get the money for the convict stealing from Lili, his mother, but then sees her sad and, in a moment of love, gives it back to her, admitting what he\'s done. He goes through a series of increasingly desperate attempts to get money and eventually scrounges some out of his grumpy grandfather, who just wants to go fishing. When the boy returns to give Martin the money, the convict\'s accomplice, Luc, decides that the boy is too much of a liability and tries to kill him. Martin saves Thomas\'s life killing his accomplice. Lili Ravenel, who is emotionally close and distant by turns to her son, is worried about Thomas. He is not doing well at school, according to the school\'s chaplain who comes to complaint about the boy\'s behavior. Lili, trapped in a humdrum existence, runs a nightclub that is situated on a river just at the water\'s edge. Pushed by her mother, she had married Maurice against her better judgment and now needs to escape the stifling effects of her union with him, but he continues to want her. Maurice threatens to remove the care and custody of her son from her. Lili has to perform her marital duties even after the divorce - while Maurice screens old home-movies of their domestic happiness long past and gone. After killing Luc, Martin arrives to have a drink at a bar by a river. That is where Lili works. He has no money and at the end of the night, fascinated by the young man, she arranges for the fugitive to take a room at a local hotel. When she arrives home, her son tells her the story in the cemetery, as it was a dream he had, but she realizes that it actually happened and the convict is the man she just left in the hotel. The celebration in honor of the Holy Communion goes on with little family harmony after Thomas wishes that an atomic bomb would destroy his school. The grandmother tries to keep the family together. Alice, the convicts\' shared girlfriend comes, gun in hand to help them escape to Tangier. They have been inseparable for years. Martin tells her that he was forced to kill Luc. Lili\'s suspicions are confirmed when she witnesses the efforts of Martin and Alice to hide the corpse on a graveyard. Martin lets her go and leaves the town with Alice. He changed his mind shortly after and returns to the village alone and goes to the bar in search of Lili. They are smitten by each other and by night, she takes the bold decision to run away with him without a hint of regret or lingering doubt. Before escaping with the convict Lili tells her mother what she plans to do, but does not change her mind in spite of her mother protestations. The boy\'s teacher and confessor confronts him with the published news of the two escapees and pressures him to tell the truth to the authorities. That same stormy night, Thomas escapes from the boarding school to see his mother, but when he arrives to her house he discovers Lili and Martin making love. Thomas runs and when Martin goes after him, Alice who has also come, shots Martin. Shortly after, Alice kills herself smashing her sport car against a wall. The next morning Lili goes to see Thomas who is staying with his father, but Maurice only allows her to see him without revealing that she is there. Later, at the police station Lili tells the truth and incriminates herself. She leaves the village detained in a police van. Thomas is riding his bike.'] ['{{plot}} Fegele Abramovich , a Russian Jew is separated from her father  as a child in 1927. Her father has traveled to America to seek his fortune and plans to send for Fegele and her grandmother. Before leaving, he sings "Je Crois Entendre Encore" from the Bizet opera Les pêcheurs de perles to her. After her father leaves, the village is attacked and burned in a pogrom. Fegele escapes with the help of neighbors; after many obstacles, she is crowded onto a boat headed for Britain, with only a photo of her father and a coin given to her by her grandmother. Upon arrival, an English official renames her "Susan" and places her with foster parents. English students at school taunt her by calling her a "gypsy", but she cannot yet understand English. A teacher at the school overhears her singing "Je Crois Entendre Encore" in Yiddish, and teaches her to sing and speak in English. Time passes, and Suzie auditions for a singing dance troupe heading for Paris. There, she meets an older Russian dancer, Lola , and they share an apartment as friends. At a formal party, both women perform as dancers alongside a mysterious performing horseman Cesar , a Romani that Suzie is attracted to. After their performance outside, they overhear a tenor inside singing "Je Crois Entendre Encore"; the voice belongs to Dante , an Italian opera singer who immediately catches Lola\'s eye. Lola works her way into his good graces and falls for his charms, enticed by his wealth and success. Dante, Lola, Suzie, and Cesar all work for an opera company directed by Felix Perlman . Dante is an imperious follower of Mussolini: this alienates him from Suzie even as he becomes Lola\'s lover. Meanwhile, Cesar introduces Suzie to his "family" , and they fall in love. One day Dante is rifling through Suzie\'s things after a dalliance with Lola in the apartment, and deduces her Jewish heritage after finding her father\'s photo. An elderly Jewish neighbor downstairs, Madame Goldstein , also knows that Suzie is Jewish and has warned her of the dangers on the horizon as the Germans invade Poland. The following year, as the Germans invade France and approach Paris, an exodus begins of Jews and other people threatened by Nazism. Crowds for the operatic show dwindle, and eventually the only cast members left are Dante and Suzie. Dante attempts to seduce Suzie and she rebuffs him. He lashes out at her for her heritage and her relationship with Cesar, whose heritage he also scorns. Perlman comes to her defense; he reminds Dante that as an Italian in Paris at that time, should Mussolini align with the Nazis, Dante\'s own position in Paris would be precarious. Perlman closes down the show; the Nazis enter Paris the following morning. Dante reluctantly returns to his earlier role as minstrel. After another rebuff from Suzie, Dante reveals to a German officer that Suzie is a Jew. Lola overhears this betrayal and informs Suzie that she is in danger and must leave Paris. Lola has also decided to leave Dante and has purchased tickets for Suzie and herself on an ocean liner headed for America. The same night of the party, the Nazis attack the Romani village and kill a child. When Cesar comes to her apartment to say goodbye, Suzie expresses her desire to stay and help Cesar fight the Nazis for his family, but he tells her she must flee and find her father. They share a tender last evening together. Suzie and Lola leave on the ship for America, and Suzie sings onstage during dinner for the ship\'s guests. That night, the ship is attacked and sunk, a frequent occurrence at that time. Lola is killed, but Suzie is rescued from the wreckage by a passing boat and taken to New York City. Suzie searches for her father and discovers that he changed his name, gave up singing, and moved West after hearing about the attack on his home village, which he assumed killed all the members of his family. Suzie goes to Hollywood where her father was a studio head and discovers he has a new family and that he is dying. She goes to the hospital, walks past his new wife and children who are waiting outside the door to his room, and is reunited with her father. He recognizes her and expresses joy at her appearance. She sits on the side of his bed and sings "Je Crois Entendre Encore" to him in Yiddish as tears roll down her face.'] ['On an annual fishing trip, in isolated high country, Stewart , Carl ([[John Howard , Rocco  and Billy  find a girl\'s body in the river; she has been brutally murdered by Gregory , a local electrician. The girl turns out subsequently to be Aboriginal; it is not clear whether the men observe this. Stewart, who found her, is initially distraught, and his screams bring the other men, who are equally disturbed. It is too late in the day for them to hike back to the road and report their tragic find. They spend the night, but before they can hike out to get help the next morning, Stewart gets up early and goes fishing. He returns to camp holding a large fish he has caught up for the other men to see, and wordlessly the men decide to continue their fishing trip instead of hiking out to alert the authorities about the body. They secure the girl\'s body by the ankle to the riverbank, so she will not drift downstream and get lost in the rapids. While the men are gone, some of the men\'s wives  and Rocco\'s girlfriend , get together socially. During their conversation, Jude  reveals that their daughter died nearly two years ago, leaving them to raise their granddaughter. When Stewart\'s wife, Claire  remarks that she does not think Stewart would want more children, Jude reveals that Claire had a mental breakdown after her son was born and left the family for 18 months. The men return home late Sunday night. After reporting the body to the police, they each go to their respective homes. Stewart goes home to Claire and finds her sleeping on her stomach, reminiscent of the posture of the dead body. He talks to her briefly and initiates intimacy, which later causes problems when Claire finds out he left the girl\'s body to keep fishing. The next morning, the police show up at Claire and Stewart\'s house to ask Stewart to answer some more questions. The men gather in the police station, where the police officer expresses his disgust that they would "fish over a dead body" instead of reporting it as soon as they could. Claire is stunned that Stewart would do such a thing and keeps trying to understand his reasons for being so selfish. Because the girl was Aboriginal, some believe the men neglected the dead girl out of racism. All of the men\'s businesses are vandalised in retaliation by Aboriginals, with painted slurs branding them racists. Claire and Elissa  are the only ones of the group who express any remorse and condemnation for what happened. Jude repeatedly defends her husband Carl, Carl and Stewart defend their actions. Arguing that it "didn\'t make any difference to the dead girl; it\'s not like she had feelings any more," Carl epitomises the callousness with which the men treated the murdered girl. The more Claire pushes Stewart and the others to make amends, the angrier everyone becomes. Jude, Carl\'s wife, "just wants things to get back to normal again." Prior to the fishing trip, Claire had begun throwing up repeatedly from morning sickness, which she hid from everyone. With her marriage unravelling, and haunted by her post-post-partum breakdown and abandonment of her first child, she inquires of a medical professional about how to get an abortion. Despite encountering hostility from the rest of the group, Claire continues to try to reach out to the girl\'s family. She gathers donations to give to the girl\'s family for her funeral. Claire even goes to the family\'s home and is rebuked. She later returns to give them the money she has gathered. Increasingly incensed that Claire continues to make a big deal out of their mistakes, Stewart erupts in rage one evening when Claire asks him to talk about it. The two begin fighting physically, while slinging barbs at each other about their past mistakes. The next day, Claire goes to the memorial service. The rest of the men and their wives show up to pay their respects, too. When Stewart apologises on behalf of the men, the girl\'s father throws dirt on him, spits on the ground and walks away, but there are no further objections to their presence. Throughout the movie, the murdering electrician continuously pops up around the characters, and even attends the memorial service. He is never caught.'] ['Socially inept garbageman Simon Grim is befriended by Henry Fool, a witty rogue and untalented novelist. Henry opens the world of literature to Simon, and is inspired to write "the great American poem". Simon struggles to get his work recognized, and it is often dismissed as pornographic tat, but Henry continues to push and inspire Simon into getting the poem published. Henry carries around a bundle of notebooks he refers to as "His Confession", a work that details aspects of his mysterious past that he one day hopes to publish, when he and the world is ready for them. Henry\'s hedonistic antics cause all manner of turns in the lives of Simon\'s family, not least of which is impregnating Fay Grim . As Simon begins an ascent to the dizzying heights of Nobel Prize-winning poet, Henry sinks to a life of drinking in low-life bars as his own attempts at fame result in rejection, even by Simon\'s publisher who once employed Henry. The friends part ways and lose touch until Henry’s criminal past catches up with him as he needs Simon’s help in fleeing the country.'] ["Because she married a circus performer, Judge Foster  casts out his only daughter. Just before her death a few years later, she leaves her little girl Sally in the care of her friend McGargle , a good-natured crook, juggler and faker. Sally  grows up in this atmosphere and is unaware of her parentage. McGargle, realizing his responsibility to the child, gets a job with a carnival company playing at Great Meadows, where the Fosters live. A real estate boom has made them wealthy. Sally is a hit with her dancing. Peyton , the son of Judge Foster's friend, falls in love with Sally. To save him, the Judge arranges to have McGargle and Sally arrested. McGargle escapes, but Sally is hunted down and brought back. McGargle, hearing of Sally's plight, steals a Flivver, and after many delays, reaches the courtroom and presents proof of Sally's parentage. The Judge dismisses the case and his wife takes Sally in her arms, but Peyton's claim is stronger and she agrees to become his wife. McGargle is persuaded to remain and is found an outlet for his peculiar talents in selling real estate."] ["A group of Anglican nuns travel to a remote location in the Himalayas  to set up a school and hospital for the local people, only to find themselves increasingly seduced by the sensuality of their surroundings in a converted seraglio high up in the mountains, and by the local British agent Mr Dean ([[David Farrar . Clodagh , the Sister Superior, is attempting to forget a failed romance at home in Ireland. Tensions mount as Dean's laid-back charm makes an impression on Clodagh, but also attracts the mentally unstable Sister Ruth , who becomes pathologically jealous of Clodagh, resulting in a nervous breakdown and a violent climax. In a subplot, 'the Young General' , heir to the throne of a princely Indian state who has come to the convent for his education, becomes infatuated with Kanchi, a lower caste dancing girl .  While much of the film's dialogue is taken verbatim from the novel, the film does not follow the novel exactly. In particular the film does not include Mr Dean's rejection of Sister Clodagh's design for the chapel, in favour of his own design of an open-sided building without door, located at the top of the ridge, above the Holy Man. Additionally,  Sister Philippa is not replaced by Sister Adela, a stern nun who is horrified at the dereliction of duty by the original nuns."] ["True Heart Susie  secretly loves her neighbor, William Jenkins , but neither, it seems, can confess their feelings for each other. William eventually goes off to college. He returns, but, to Susie's disappointment, he marries a fast-living young woman named Bettina . In the end, Bettina dies and William and Susie finally admit their love for each other."] ['The film starts by showing us the novelist Richard Harland  who has been released and is traveling home after two years in prison. In a flashback  we see how Richard meets beautiful socialite Ellen Berent  on a train. Ellen falls in love with him, mainly because he so closely resembles her recently deceased father, to whom she was obsessively attached. Ellen is already engaged to another man , but she jilts him and rapidly marries Richard, who at first is fascinated not only with Ellen\'s beauty, but with her exotic and intense manner. It gradually becomes apparent however that Ellen is pathologically jealous towards any other person and any other activity that her husband cares about. Two tragedies strike Richard: the "accidental" drowning death of his younger disabled brother, whom he dearly loved, and the "accidental" death of Richard\'s unborn son when Ellen "trips" and falls down a flight of stairs. The husband starts to suspect that his wife is directly responsible for these two deaths. When Ellen confesses to him what she did and why she did it, he leaves her. She then decides to kill herself with poison, making sure that in doing so she frames , her adoptive sister Ruth , a sweet and wholesome woman of whom Richard is very fond. Ellen\'s ex-fiance is the prosecutor for Ruth\'s trial. The trial is going very badly for Ruth, who under pressure has admitted that she does in fact love Richard, a fact she had previously kept hidden. Then Richard testifies about Ellen\'s insane jealousy and her confessions to him. Ruth is acquitted, and Richard is sentenced to 2 years in prison for his part in the two murders . The flashback ends, and Richard is seen being welcomed home with a loving embrace from Ruth.'] ['Rocky Balboa  and his trainer Tony "Duke" Evers  are in their dressing room after the Drago fight. Tony praises Rocky for his victory and for honoring Apollo Creed\'s memory, but Rocky, seen to be in some form of severe physical discomfort, asks Tony to summon his wife Adrian . His hands are shaking, and he cannot make them stop. In distress, he mistakenly calls out for "Mick", the name of his deceased former trainer, Mickey Goldmill. Rocky returns home from the Soviet Union and is greeted by his son, Robert . At a press conference, a promoter named George Washington Duke  tries to goad Rocky into fighting Union Cane, the new #1 contender for the championship in Tokyo, but with Adrian insisting on her husband\'s retirement, Rocky decides, at least for the time being, not to take the fight with Cane. Rocky, Adrian and Paulie  return home to find that Paulie had unknowingly signed a \'power of attorney\' over to Balboa\'s accountant, who had, in turn, squandered all of Rocky\'s money on bad business deals . Now bankrupt, Rocky decides to take the fight with Cane, but having suffered significant brain damage during the Drago bout, he can no longer fight without further risking his health and officially retires. Rocky is then forced to move back into his old working-class Philadelphia neighborhood, where he and his family must try to start their lives all over again. The only thing Rocky doesn\'t lose is Mickey\'s gym, which Mickey had willed to Robert. Rocky then begins training boxers at Mickey\'s gym, Adrian gets her old job back at the pet store across the street and Paulie goes back to the meat packing plant. Things start to look up when Rocky meets a hungry young fighter from Oklahoma named Tommy Gunn  and takes him under his wing. Training the young fighter gives Rocky a sense of purpose, and Tommy fights his way up the ladder to become a top contender. Rocky eventually becomes so distracted with Tommy\'s training that he winds up neglecting Robert who becomes withdrawn and angry. He falls in with the wrong crowd at school and as a result, he begins acting out at home. Meanwhile, Tommy\'s impressive rise through the ranks catches the eye of Duke, who uses the promise of a title shot against Cane  to lure him away from Rocky. Duke pulls up outside the Balboa house with Tommy in tow, who has now been deceived into thinking that Rocky doesn\'t have his best interests in mind. When Rocky tries to convince him otherwise, Tommy drives off in a huff, leaving Rocky for good. When Adrian attempts to comfort him, Rocky\'s frustrations finally boil over. He confesses his life had meaning again when he was able to live vicariously through Tommy\'s success. She reasons with him, telling him Tommy never had his heart and spirit – something he could never learn. When this realization hits him, Rocky embraces his wife and they begin to pick up the pieces. After finding Robert hanging out on a street corner, Rocky apologizes to his son and they mend their broken relationship. Tommy wins the heavyweight title by knocking out Union Cane in the first round, but is booed by spectators and hounded by reporters after the fight. They insist Cane was nothing but a "paper champion", because Cane didn\'t win the title from Balboa. Therefore, the public would never consider Tommy the real champion unless he fights a worthy opponent. With Tommy enraged by the press\'s reaction, Duke convinces Tommy he needs to fight Rocky man to man. Duke and Tommy show up at a local bar to goad Rocky into accepting a fight. But after Tommy hits Paulie, Rocky challenges Tommy to a street fight on the spot. Despite Duke\'s warnings to keep the fight in the ring, Tommy accepts. As the fight goes on, Rocky is eventually beaten down by Tommy and is seemingly out for the count. He then hears the voice of his old mentor urging him to get up and get back in the fight, to go just "one more round". Rocky gets back up and, utilizing his vast street fighting knowledge, is able to knock out his former protégé. Afterwards, Duke commends Rocky, trying to appeal to him. Duke threatens to sue if Rocky touches him, but after a brief hesitation, Rocky punches Duke in the gut anyway, knocking him onto the hood of a car. The crowd cheers as the bankrupt Rocky shrugs and quips "Sue me for what?" The next day, Rocky and Robert take a trip to the Philadelphia Museum of Art, and Rocky gives his son Rocky Marciano\'s cuff-link, given to him years ago as a gift from Mickey. The film ends with a shot of Rocky\'s statue looking out over Philadelphia.'] ["Frankie Machine  is released from prison with a set of drums and a new outlook on life. A heroin addict, Frankie became clean in prison. On the outside, he greets friends and acquaintances. Sparrow , who runs a con selling homeless dogs, clings to him like a young brother, but Schwiefka ([[Robert Strauss , whom Frankie used to deal for in his illegal card game, has more sinister reasons for welcoming him back, as does Louis , Machine's former heroin dealer. Frankie sees his wife Zosh , who is supposedly wheelchair-bound, but secretly fully recovered, after a car crash some years ago. Zosh smothers her husband and hinders his attempt to make something of himself. He thinks he has what it takes to play drums for a big band. While calling to make an appointment, he bumps into an old flame, Molly . Frankie soon gets himself a tryout and asks Sparrow to get him a new suit, but the suit is a stolen one and he ends up back in a cell. Schwiefka offers to pay the bail. Frankie refuses, but soon changes his mind when the sight of a drug addict on the edge becomes too much for him. Now, to repay the debt, he must deal for Schwiefka again. Louis is trying to hook him on heroin again, and with no job and Zosh to please, pressure is building from all directions. Soon Frankie succumbs and is back on drugs and dealing marathon, all-night, card games for Schwiefka. He gets a tryout as a drummer, but spends 24 hours straight dealing a poker game. Desperately needing a fix, Frankie follows Louis home, attacks him, ransacks his house, but can't find his stash of heroin. At the audition, with withdrawal coming on, Frankie can't keep the beat and ruins his chance of landing the drumming job. When Louis goes to see Zosh to try to find him, Louis discovers that Zosh has been faking her paralysis and can walk. Zosh, scared of being found out, accidentally pushes him over the railing of the stairwell to his death, but things backfire when Frankie is sought for murder. Initially not realizing he is a suspect in Louie's death, Frankie goes to Molly hoping to get money for a fix. After learning the police are looking for him, Molly convinces Frankie that he must go cold turkey if he is to stand a chance with the police. Frankie agrees and is locked in Molly's apartment where he goes through a grueling withdrawal to clear the drugs from his body. Finally clean again, he tells Zosh he is going to leave her, start anew and stand trial. In her desperation, Zosh once again gives herself away, standing up in front of Frankie and the police. She runs, but can get no further than the outside balcony. Trapped, she blows the whistle and throws herself off the balcony to her death. An ambulance then arrives to take Zosh to the hospital and drives away while Frankie watches in dismay. He then walks away with Molly."] ['Chris Helmer  is sentenced to 20 years in prison by Judge Banning , and has to leave his wife and baby girl. By coincidence, the judge has a daughter about the same age. Eighteen years later, the two now motherless young women  graduate, Florence Banning from an exclusive private school, Molly Helmer from reform school. Molly and her two friends become taxi dancers. One day, Molly rejects the advances of a stranger at the dance hall where she works. When her boyfriend, "Chunky" Dunn , tries to defend her, he gets knocked down. She is rescued by Chunky\'s friend, inventor David Page , and falls in love with him. Page is oblivious to this and only sees her as a good pal. The more perceptive Chunky becomes increasingly jealous. Page perfects a device that can open any safe. Chunky tells him that he knows a gang of crooks who would pay a lot of money for it, but Molly tells him that crime does not pay. Page shows his invention to the directors of a bank, Judge Banning being one. They are impressed and purchase it. As he is leaving the meeting, David bumps into Florence. She too falls for him. Soon, they are dating, much to the displeasure of Florence\'s spinster aunt. However, when Florence meets Molly by accident at David\'s workshop, she can see that Molly also loves David. She tells David that Molly has a greater claim to him and breaks up with him. When she gets into her limousine however, she finds Molly there waiting for her. Molly urges her to marry David, thinking only of his happiness. To fool David into believing she never loved him, Molly accepts Chunky\'s standing offer of marriage.'] ['When a dead American "beach boy" is washed up on a beach in Acapulco, the police do an investigation to see if it was murder. Lieutenant Ricardo Andrade of the Mexican police interviews three suspects. Hank Walker  is another beach boy who works as a gigolo and also blackmails vacationing American middle-aged women. Pete Jordan  is a former beach boy who married rich American Kit . Kit had met Pete when he was selling his blood and bought all of him. The dead man was wearing a bracelet engraved "LOVE IS THIN ICE," which the police discover was given to him by Kit. They also discover that he\'d had an affair with her. In addition to the police, the dead American\'s deserted girlfriend, Carol Lambert , comes down to Mexico to find out about her former boyfriend\'s death.'] ["In the French port of Marseille, a lovely young woman named Madelon  is in love with a young sailor, Marius ([[John Beal . Madelon in turn is loved by Honore Panisse , a well-to-do middle-aged sailmaker. When Marius finds out he must go to sea for three years, he leaves without saying goodbye to Madelon; in a note he tells her that it would break his heart to tell her in person. She rushes to the dock, but sees his ship sailing away and faints. Marius's father Cesar,  who already thinks of Madelon as one of the family, carries her to her home. Later, Madelon finds out that she is pregnant, and to spare her the shame of a child born out of wedlock, Panisse asks Madelon to marry him, and she agrees to a marriage of convenience for the sake of the child. When the boy is born, Cesar is made the godfather, and the baby is named Cesar Marius Panisse. A year later Marius unexpectedly returns from sea to buy some equipment for his ship. Visiting Madelon that night, he sees the baby and realizes that he is the father. He asks her to steal away with him, but she refuses. Despite her love for Marius, she knows that Panisse, who adores the child, will be a better father than Marius, who will be away at sea for many years at a time. Marius leaves, shaking Panisse's hand before he goes, and Panisse and Madelon happily look at their baby's first tooth.<ref nameavg&sql3393&category=Full%20Synopsis Full synopsis]"] ['Michael and Patricia fall in love, marry and become expectant parents, only to discover to their horror that they are really half-brother and half-sister.'] ['Steve Latimer  is a successful defense attorney who has tried to give his daughter Jean  everything he can in life. She decides to leave her boyfriend, the amiable Vance Court , for Victor Ramondi , a rakish and dangerous man with underworld connections whom Steve is representing. Steve tries to warn Jean away from Victor, but she accepts his proposal of marriage.'] ['The story begins with a decrepit, now-alcoholic Lady Hamilton thrown into debtor\'s prison in the slums of Calais, and shows her past life by means of a flashback, as she narrates the story to her skeptical fellow inmates. In one of the early scenes that launches the flashback, Emma, well past her prime, looks into a mirror and remembers "the face I knew before," the face of the young, lovely girl who captured the imagination of artists - most notably George Romney and Joshua Reynolds. Her early life as the mistress of the charming but unreliable Charles Francis Greville leads to her meeting with Sir William Hamilton , British ambassador to Naples. Greville gives Emma to Sir William in exchange for relief on his debts. Despite her shock at his betrayal, Emma comes to respect Sir William, who marries her and explains the reasons for Britain\'s war against Napoleon. When Horatio Nelson arrives in Naples, Emma is soon deeply attracted to him and is impressed by his passionate insistence on resisting Napoleon\'s dictatorial rule. She leaves Sir William to live with Nelson. Their idyllic life together is threatened by the continuing war. Nelson leaves to confront Napoleon\'s navy in the decisive Battle of Trafalgar. After his death in the battle, she says that nothing remained in her life. {| class="wikitable" |- ! Films about Lady Hamilton and Lord Nelson |- |Lady Hamilton , a German silent film directed by Richard Oswald |- |The Divine Lady , a Vitaphone sound film with no dialogue, directed by Frank Lloyd |- |Emma Hamilton , a co-production between Italy, West Germany, France and the United States, directed by Christian-Jacque |}'] ["Steve Mallory has been involved in a car crash, and it appears he has killed his mistress, Holly Mitchell. Steve suffers from amnesia, he has no recollection whatever of the event. His wife is hostile and cold toward him, his father-in-law has been severely disabled by a stoke and his wife's cousin appears to hate his guts. Added to this is the sinister presence of Lester Aldrich, who turns out to be the downtrodden husband of the sleazy Holly."] ['Lily Powers  works for her father in a speakeasy during Prohibition in Erie, Pennsylvania. Her life has been miserable; since the age of 14, her father  has had her sleep with many of his customers. The only man she trusts, a cobbler who admires Friedrich Nietzsche, tells her that she should start afresh in a new city and use men to get what she wants. When Lily\'s father is killed in a still explosion, she sheds no tears for him. She and her African American co-worker/friend Chico  hop on a freight train out of town, but are discovered by a railroad worker, who threatens to have them thrown in jail. She says, "Wait ... can\'t we talk this over?" It is strongly implied that she has sex with him during a fadeout to get him to change his mind. In New York City, Lily gets a job at the Gotham Trust, even though she has no office experience. The personnel man asks Lily, "Have you had any experience?", to which Lily replies, "Plenty!" She then entices him into his absent boss\'s office to demonstrate. Her progress, sleeping her way to the top, is shown in a recurring visual metaphor of the movie camera panning ever upward along the edifice of the Gotham Trust\'s skyscraper, accompanied by the saxophone wail of St. Louis Blues. Her second conquest is Jimmy McCoy Jr. , who recommends her for promotion to her next victim, Brody . Lily eventually ensnares Ned Stevens ([[Donald Cook , a rising young executive engaged to Ann Carter , the daughter of First Vice President J.R. Carter . She schemes to have Ann walk in on the two locked in an embrace. When J.R. attempts to get Lily to leave Ned alone, she soon adds the older man to her list of admirers. J.R. installs her in a lavish apartment, with Chico along as a maid. However, when Ned finds her there with his future father-in-law, he first shoots the older man, then himself.  Courtland Trenholm , the playboy grandson of the company\'s founder, is elected bank president to deal with the resulting public scandal. He rebuffs Lily\'s attempt to extort $15,000 from the firm in return for withholding her diary from the press. He only offers her a job in the firm\'s Paris office, where she can do no harm. To maintain her appearance as a "victim of circumstance", she has little choice but to accept. Some time later, when Courtland goes to Paris on business, he is surprised and impressed to find her not only still working there, but also promoted to head of the travel bureau. He soon falls under her spell and marries her. Although he is not responsible, Courtland is indicted when the bank fails due to mismanagement. He begs Lily to return all the gifts he showered on her, so he can finance his defense, but Lily decides to keep them and flee to Europe. However, she changes her mind when she realizes that she has finally found a man she can love. When she returns, she discovers that her husband has shot himself. On the ride to the hospital, the attendant assures her that Courtland has a good chance of survival. Courtland opens his eyes, sees Lily, and smiles at her as the movie ends.'] ['The King of Illyris  marries a neighboring princess , who finds out he has a mistress, Sephora . Revolted, she turns to Prince Alexei  for friendship. Turmoil increases as a revolution demands the abdication of the King and the Queen opposes this decision.'] ['Fyodor Ivanovich is a doctor who lives with his son, Boris; his daughter, Irina; his mother; and his nephew, Mark. The film centers on Boris\'s girlfriend, Veronika, during World War II.The character of Veronica represents Soviet women in the context of the aftermath of the aforementioned war. The call to war sounds, and the country responds with great patriotic fervor. Boris volunteers to defend his homeland from the attackers, much to Veronika\'s sadness. He is killed in a swamp, while saving the life of a fellow soldier. However, he is listed as missing in action; neither Veronika nor his family learn that he has been killed. The German blitzkrieg then begins; people take refuge in the subway system underneath the city. During one attack, Veronika\'s parents refuse to leave their apartment; when Veronika returns, she finds that the building has been bombed. The entire apartment is gone and there is no sign of her parents. Fyodor Ivanovich invites Veronika to live with his family. Mark, who has been pursuing Veronika, is put in charge of keeping her company to lift her spirits. He is obviously in love with her, but she continually rejects him, waiting for Boris to return. However, during one bombing raid Veronika refuses to go down to the shelter and is left alone with Mark. This scene is unclear, but it appears that Mark rapes Veronika. She is then shamed into marrying him, and the rest of the family believes that she has betrayed Boris. The family is relocated with many other Russians further East to escape the German offensive. They live in a temporary community where Fyodor Ivanovich, Irina, and Veronika work in a military hospital. Mark spends his time partying and playing music; he and Veronika are both clearly unhappy in their marriage. One of the soldiers in the hospital becomes hysterical when he receives a letter saying that his girlfriend has left him; Fyodor Ivanovich admonishes the soldier to forget about her, since women who cannot wait for their men to return are not worth grieving. Veronika overhears the speech and becomes very upset, since she appears to be such a woman. Fyodor Ivanovich discovers that Mark\'s deferral from conscription was not because he was considered too talented to be drafted, as he has claimed, but because he bribed an official in Fyodor Ivanovich\'s name. Fyodor Ivanovich suddenly realizes that Mark has betrayed not only Russia, but the family as well, and has taken advantage of Veronika. Fyodor Ivanovich confronts Mark and kicks him out of the house, while Veronika is invited to stay and is forgiven by the family for "betraying" Boris. The man that Boris died trying to save comes in search of Boris\'s family to tell them the news. When Veronika finds out, she refuses to believe it, saying that Boris\'s friend Stepan, who volunteered with Boris, will know what happened to him. At the end of the war, when the soldiers return in a victory parade, Veronika finds Stepan and learns that Boris is indeed dead. However, the film ends on a hopeful note: Boris\'s friend Stepan makes a speech asserting that they will never forget those who died in the war, and that peace must be maintained.'] ['Dan Hardesty  is an escaped murderer, sentenced to hang. In Hong Kong, he meets Joan Ames , a terminally-ill woman, in a bar. They share a drink, then Dan breaks his glass, followed by Joan. Police Sergeant Steve Burke  captures Dan when he leaves  and escorts his prisoner aboard an ocean liner crossing the Pacific to San Francisco. On board, Dan jumps into the water in a bid to escape, dragging a handcuffed  Steve with him, but spots Joan among the passengers and changes his mind. Once the ship is underway, he persuades Steve to remove his handcuffs. Dan and Joan fall in love on the month-long cruise, neither knowing that the other is under the shadow of death. By chance, two of Dan\'s friends are also aboard, thief Skippy  and con artist "Barrel House Betty" , masquerading as "Countess Barilhaus". The countess distracts Steve as much as she can to help Dan. Just before the only stop, at Honolulu, Steve has Dan put in the brig, but he escapes with their help and goes ashore. Joan intercepts him and they spend an idyllic day together. When they drive back to the dock, Dan starts to tell her why he cannot return to the ship, only to have her faint. Dan carries her aboard for medical help, forfeiting his chance. Later, Joan\'s doctor tells Dan about her condition and that the slightest excitement or shock could be fatal. Meanwhile, the "countess" has spent so much time with the policeman that a romance blooms between them. When they near the end of the voyage, he awkwardly proposes to her. She tells him her true identity, but he still wants to marry her. As Steve and Dan get ready to disembark, a steward overhears the grim truth and, when Joan comes looking for Dan, tells her. The two lovers part for the last time without letting on they know each other\'s secret, and Joan collapses after Dan is out of sight. They had agreed to meet again on New Year\'s Eve, a month later. At the appointed time and place, a bartender is startled when two glasses on the bar break with no one around.'] ['The film involves an extramarital encounter that nearly leads the wife of the main character into killing herself and her husband. A boss insists that a young executive, with an important job and a long term girlfriend, go out with him to a party and while out at the party he sleeps with a young wealthy woman, Elise , and contracts syphilis from her. The girlfriend is so upset that she commits suicide.  {{Empty section}}'] ['When a veteran cab driver, Pop Riley , refuses to be pressured into surrendering his prime soliciting location outside a cafe, wherein his daughter works, the old man\'s cab is intentionally wrecked by a ruthless mob seeking to dominate the cab industry. Upon learning of the "accidental" destruction of his cab , the old man retrieves his handgun and shoots the bullying man known to be responsible, which lands him in prison, where he dies of poor health in fairly short order. Pop\'s waitressing daughter, Sue , is asked by a scrappy young cab driver, Matt , to lend moral support to a resistance movement populated by other drivers, who are also experiencing similar strong-arm tactics by the same aggressive group of thugs. However, after enduring the crushing loss of her father, Sue undergoes a complete ethical reversal about the notion of fighting back, feels thoroughly sickened by the violence and bloodshed, and she angrily tells the drivers as much. Her unpredictably willful but passionate rant instantly lands her on Matt\'s bad side, although he eventually has a redemptive change of heart, then seeks to charm Sue into becoming his girlfriend. Other complications arise shortly thereafter, putting their loving relationship in jeopardy, which all too often tends to involve Matt\'s inability to control his own quick and fiery temper.'] ["Marcia  is a single mom and street vendor barely scraping by even with a financial assist from the seemingly avuncular Larry , a gun-toting strongman with a twisted desire for Marcia's teenage daughter, Tanya . Complicating things is Priest , a murderous hood who killed Marcia's friend and now is terrorizing the defenseless woman. Facing three big problems--Larry, Priest, and a lack of money---Marcia arrives at an inspired solution: develop an alter ego, a dancing celebrity called the Mystery Lady who can compete in a cash-prize contest and put both of the men against one another. Which is exactly what she does, and it's great fun watching Marcia instigate her complicated plan with a little help from sympathetic friends."] ['It follows a few days in the lives of the Harringtons, who are at war. While the husband and wife fight each other, the son and daughter are on the same path. Then, when a music teacher comes in, things begin to change, until other things start to threaten the peace.'] ['Joseph W. Randall , the city editor of a tabloid newspaper, reluctantly agrees when publisher Bernard Hinchecliffe  plans to boost circulation with a restrospective series on a 20-year-old murder and scandal, involving a secretary, Nancy Voorhees , who shot the man who got her pregnant and then refused to marry her. Nancy is now married to Michael Townsend , an upstanding member of society, and has a daughter, Jenny , about to marry the son of a socially prominent family, Philip Weeks . She reacts with horror at the renewed interest in the scandal she had put behind her. To dig up dirt about Nancy, Randall assigns an unscrupulous reporter, "Reverend" T. Vernon Isopod , who wears a clerical collar as a device to win the confidence of the bride\'s parents on the eve of the wedding. They confess to him their concerns that Nancy\'s past will come out, and he uses their information to write a story that Randall prints. Nancy tries get Randall to back away from the story, but when he refuses she kills herself, as does her husband shortly afterwards. Phillip\'s parents pressure him to call off the wedding to Nancy\'s daughter Jenny, but he refuses, and they disinherit him as he stands up to them. An enraged Jenny threatens Randall at gun point, attempting to force him to take responsibility for the deaths of her mother and father, but Philip shows up and calms her down. A guilty Randall denounces Hinchecliffe as a hypocrite and decides to quit the paper, as does his secretary Miss Taylor , who\'s been in love with him for years.TCM Full synopsisAllmovie Plot synopsisStephan, Ed Plot summary'] ["A blind Italian captain, accompanied by his aide Ciccio, who has been assigned to him by the army, is on his way from Turin to Naples to meet with an old comrade who was also disfigured in the same military incident. Unknown to his aide, the Captain means to fulfill a suicide pact there. While they journey, the Captain asks Ciccio to help him spot beautiful women. Unsatisfied with the boy's descriptions, he uses his nose instead, claiming that he can smell a beautiful woman. During their journey, he carries with him a picture of his beloved Sara, whom he could not bear to have see him disfigured and helpless. The suicide pact is eventually thwarted once Sara enters the picture, and the boy Ciccio does some much-needed growing up."] ["In the Great Depression era, the Board of Directors of Thomas Dickson's bank want Dickson  to merge with New York Trust and resign. He refuses. One night, Dickson's bank is robbed of $100,000. The suspect is Matt Brown ([[Pat O'Brien , an ex-convict whom Dickson hired and appointed Chief Teller. Brown, who's very loyal to Dickson, refuses to say where he was that night. He actually has two witnesses for his alibi, Mrs. Dickson  and fellow worker Cyril Cluett , but Brown is protecting Dickson from finding out that Mrs. Dickson was with Cluett having a romantic evening. Cluett, who has a $50,000 gambling debt, is actually responsible for the robbery, but lets Brown take the rap. Word of the robbery causes a run on the bank, but friends of the banker come to his aid, and the bank is saved."] ["Subir  is a professional singer whose career is soaring. He does not plan to marry—until he meets Uma , a sweet village girl who also sings. Subir falls in love with Uma and marries her. He returns to Mumbai with his new bride. Subir continues as a singer and also fosters Uma's singing career. His career falters, however, just as Uma's singing career begins to thrive. Eventually, she becomes more famous than her husband, sparking jealousy from Subir. His pride and jealousy tear the marriage apart. The question becomes whether Subir can overcome his jealousy. The movie reaches a very sensitive situation when the couple separates and Uma has a miscarriage. In what is considered a masterpiece of direction by Mukherjee and scoring by Burman, the couple comes together again in an emotional reunion and they sing together.  Soon after Jaya Bachchan won the Filmfare Best Actress Award for the film, she cut down on work and later took many years off to raise a family. Some have speculated that she focused on personal affairs to avoid the turmoil that her character in Abhimaan experienced.{{Citation needed}} This film was very popular in Sri Lanka more than in India and was screened continuously for two years in the same movie theater, New Olympia, Colombo."] ["A man finds a lost boy  in a war-torn village and brings him to his tenement. He tries to find someone to take care for him but no-one accepts the responsibility. The child eventually ends up with a sour widow Tané , despite her refusal. Their relationship doesn't develop well as Tané has no interest in being a mother again. After the boy disappears Tané realizes that she likes having him around after all."] ['Lou Friedlander is a popular newspaper columnist for the New York Daily News. His life changes dramatically upon falling in love with neighbor Sarah Gantz, a young ballerina. She is about to become disabled through a serious illness.'] ["The film follows the comings and goings at the eponymous hotel on the banks of the Canal St. Martin in Paris. The films begins with the gathering of many of the hotel's occupants around the dinner table for the first-communion of Michéle, who lives in the hotel with her policeman father, Maltaverne. Madame Lecouvreur tells Michèle to bring a piece of cake upstairs to Raymonde , who is talking with her boyfriend, Edmond . A prostitute, Raymonde leaves Edmond, a photographer, who wants to develop his film. In the meantime, a young couple, Renée  and Pierre , enter the hotel and rent a room for the night. Once alone, Renée and Pierre discuss their plan to kill themselves as they feel they have nothing left to live for. Pierre pulls out a gun and shoots Renee, but then loses his confidence and is unable to shoot himself too. Edmond hears the shots next door and breaks into the room to find Pierre standing over a dead body. Telling Pierre to escape, Edmond lies to the police and says he found the girl alone lying dead in the room. Raymonde, having stopped to have a drink with the celebration downstairs, is still in the hotel when the police arrive, and is put in jail for four days when an officer finds that her papers are not in order. Later in the week, Renée, who was only wounded, wakes up in the hospital and finds out that Pierre has given himself over to the police and admitted his guilt in trying to murder his girlfriend. While Renée tries to tell the police that it was a pact to kill themselves, they do not believe her and Pierre is brought to jail. Once out of the hospital, Renee returns to the hotel and is offered a job as a maid and waitress until she gets herself back on her feet. Attractive, young, and famous because of her suicide attempt, Renee becomes popular with the men in the hotel and bar. Edmond, who was going to leave for the south of France with Raymonde, changes his plans when he sees that Renee has returned to the hotel, and falls in love with her. Edmond declares his love to Renée and tells her that he is used to be a crook and is now hiding from two men. Renée and Edmond make plans to leave Paris and begin anew, but Renée changes her mind at the last minute and returns to the hotel to wait for Pierre to get out of prison. Edmond follows Renee back to town to say goodbye, and she tells him that the men who are looking for him are upstairs in the hotel. Edmond goes upstairs and gives himself over to his pursuer who kills him, but no one hears the shots because of the commotion on the streets for Bastille Day."] ["Following graduation, college friends Karen Wright and Martha Dobie transform Karen's Massachusetts farm into a boarding school with the assistance of wealthy benefactor Amelia Tilford, who enrolls her malevolent granddaughter Mary. Karen and local doctor Joe Cardin begin to date, unaware Martha is in love with him. Complications arise when Martha's aunt Lily Mortar comes for a visit. One evening, Joe falls asleep in a chair in Martha's room while waiting for Karen to return to the school, leading Lily to jump to the wrong conclusion. When she and Martha quarrel, Lily decides to leave, but not before confronting her niece with her suspicions about the young woman's true feelings for Joe. Martha discovers Rosalie Wells listening at the door and accidentally closes it on her arm, slightly injuring her. When Mary finds a missing bracelet that belongs to another student among Rosalie's things, she forces her into revealing what she overheard outside Martha's room. Mary, who harbors a pathological hatred for her teachers, then tells her grandmother a grossly distorted version of the argument between Martha and Lily, suggesting Martha and Joe engaged in an illicit sexual affair, and she coerces Rosalie into verifying the story by threatening to reveal her theft of the bracelet. Mrs. Tilford is shocked by the revelation and has all the parents withdraw their daughters from the school, leaving Martha and Karen mystified. When one of the girls's chauffeurs tells the women the reason behind the mass exodus, they confront Mrs. Tilford. Terrified her theft will be revealed, Rosalie insists the story is true. Martha and Karen sue Mrs. Tilford for libel but lose their case when Lily fails to testify on their behalf. She later claims she assumed her corroboration was unnecessary. Although the women have been humiliated and Joe has been dismissed from the hospital due to the scandal, the three hope to repair the damage to their lives, but Karen and Joe go their separate ways when she confesses she believes the story Mary told. Martha admits to Karen she loves Joe but assures her she never told him. Martha decides to leave with Lily, who later mentions the missing bracelet. Realizing what happened, Martha confronts Rosalie and convinces her to reveal the truth. Aware of the wrong she has committed, Mrs. Tilford offers Martha compensation, but Martha asks only that she tell Karen the truth and urge her to reunite with Joe."] ["Senso is set in Italy around 1866, when the Italian-Austrian war of unification was coming to its end. The film opens in the La Fenice opera house in Venice with a performance of Il Trovatore. At the close of Manrico's rousing aria Di quella pira, the opera is interrupted by a major protest of Italian Nationalists against the occupying Austrian troops present in the theatre. Livia, an Italian Countess who is unhappily married to a stuffy old aristocrat, bears witness to this and tries to conceal the fact that her own cousin Marquis Roberto Ussoni organized the protest. During the commotion, she meets a dashing young Austrian Officer named Franz Mahler, and is instantly smitten by him. The two begin a secretive and highly forbidden love affair. Despite the obvious fact that Franz was responsible for sending Roberto into exile because of his radical behavior, Livia vainly pretends not to be aware of it. Although he is obviously using her for her money and social status, Livia throws herself into an affair of complete sexual abandon with Franz, giving away all her money and not caring what the high society thinks about her. But soon, Franz begins failing to show up for their trysts and Livia is slowly consumed with jealousy and paranoia. The war finally forces the lovers apart, with Livia's husband making her move away to their villa in the country in order to avoid the carnage. Late one night, Franz sneaks his way into Livia's bedroom, where he asks her for more money in order to bribe the army doctors to have him stay away from the battle field; Livia complies, giving away all of the money she was holding for Roberto, who intended to supply with it the partisans who were fighting the Austrians.  Livia's betrayal leads to tragic consequences; the Austrians overwhelm the under-equipped Italians. Eventually, Livia is almost driven mad by the fact that she is unable to see Franz and rejoices when a letter from him finally arrives. In it, he tells her how much he loves and misses her and that the money she gave him helped him stay away from the front. He advises Livia not to look for him, but she does not listen. As soon as possible, Livia, still grasping the letter, boards a carriage and hurries to Verona to find her lover, where she soon discovers what her indiscretion has caused, amidst the gloating Austrian soldiers. Once there, Livia makes her way to the apartment, which she herself had bought for Franz. But all she finds is a drunken, self-loathing rogue in the company of a prostitute, who openly mocks Livia for accepting his abuse. Franz brutally throws Livia out of his apartment, and she finds herself in streets full of drunk, sleazy soldiers. Livia realizes that she has Franz's letter. Nothing remains now but mutual self-destruction. Her sanity slipping, Livia heads to the headquarters of the Austrian Army, where she hands Franz's letter to a General, thereby convicting Franz of treason. Although the General sees that Livia is acting out of spite for being cuckolded, he is forced to comply and Franz is executed by firing squad. Livia, now insane, runs off into the night, crying out her lover's name."] ["A melodrama about a man who survives an attempted double suicide with a stranger while picnicing with friends. He goes on a cave expedition for a famous archaeologist where he discovers a skeleton several thousand years old. He meets the spirit of the skeleton in a dream, and then becomes romantically involved with the archeologist's daughter.Synopsis from {{cite web}}"] ["In 1906 San Francisco, Frisco Jenny Sandoval , a denizen of the notorious Tenderloin district, wants to marry piano player Dan McAllister ([[James Murray , but her saloonkeeper father Jim  is adamantly opposed to it. An earthquake kills both men and devastates the city. In the aftermath, Jenny gives birth to a son, whom she names Dan. With financial help from crooked lawyer Steve Dutton , who himself came from the Tenderloin, she sets herself up in the vice trade, providing women on demand. Jenny has one loyal friend, the Chinese woman Amah , who helps take care of the baby. At a party in Steve's honor, he catches gambler Ed Harris  cheating him in a back room. In the ensuing struggle, Steve kills him, with Jenny the only eyewitness. The pair are unable to dispose of the body before it is found and are questioned by the police. However, neither is charged. The scandal forces Jenny to temporarily give up her baby to a very respectable couple who owe Steve a favor to keep the child from being taken away from her. After three years, she tries to take her son back, but the boy clings to the only mother he can remember, so she leaves him where he is. He grows up and goes to Stanford University, where he becomes a football star, graduates with honors, and becomes first a lawyer, then an assistant district attorney. Jenny lovingly follows his progress. Meanwhile, she takes over the vice and bootlegging in the city. When Dan runs for district attorney, his opponent is Tom Ford , who does Jenny's bidding. Against her best interests, she frames Ford so that Dan can win. When Steve tries to bribe Dan to free some of his men, he is arrested. Out on bail, Steve asks Jenny to blackmail Dan into dropping the charges, but she refuses to jeopardize her son's future. In fact, she intends to retire to France with Amah. When Steve threatens to reveal that Jenny is Dan's real mother, she shoots and kills him at Dan's office. She is quickly arrested and prosecuted by Dan. Refusing to defend herself, she is condemned to death by hanging. Amah pleads with her to tell Dan the truth in the hope that he can help her, but when he comes to see her, she remains silent."] ['Keiko, a young widow, becomes a hostess in Ginza nightclubs  to make ends meet. The story recounts the struggles to maintain her independence in a male-dominated society. Keiko , a young widow approaching 30, is a hostess at a bar in Ginza. Realizing she is losing her looks, she decides after talking to her bar manager, Komatsu, that she wants to open her own bar rather than remarrying and dishonoring her late husband to whose memory she is still devoted. To accomplish this, she must secure loans from some of the affluent patrons who frequent her bar, but is unwilling to lead them on for the sake of money. Meanwhile, a former employee, Yuri, has opened up a bar of her own nearby, subsequently taking away most of Keiko\'s former customers. She scouts locations for her own bar with a confidant of her bar, Junko, undecided as to where she will open up. While Keiko is having lunch with Yuri and thinking she is doing well in her enterprise, she reveals that she is deep in debt, and cannot afford to pay off her creditors. She tells Keiko of a plan to fake a suicide to keep her creditors at bay. Keiko is shocked to learn the next day that Yuri has died, and that she had either planned her death all along, or had merely misjudged the amount of sleeping pills to take. She is again shocked to see Yuri\'s creditors dunning her family for money while still in mourning. After Keiko starts throwing up blood and is diagnosed with an peptic ulcer, she retreats to the home of her family to recover after a hospital stay. It is revealed that she must give them money to keep her brother out of jail, while also paying for an operation that her nephew, who was crippled by polio, needs in order to walk again. After telling them she can not afford to give them money as she must keep up appearances with an expensive apartment and kimonos, Keiko reluctantly agrees, realizing this will forestall any plan to open her own bar. After returning to her bar to work, she is made a proposal to by a heavy-set man, who Keiko entertains briefly. When he turns out to be a fraud, she sets her sights on Fujisaki, a businessman who is interested in her. While promising to give her money after sleeping with her, he tells her he has been transferred to Osaka for work, and cannot abandon his family. Keiko is given a stern lecture by Komatsu, who loves Keiko but has made no previous attempt to express this due to his respect for her reverence for her dead husband and her resolve to not to sleep with other men. He asks Keiko to marry him and open a new bar together. However, she delines, saying that a marriage like this could not work since "they know each other too well", and, though she can\'t bring herself to say it, loves the married Fujisaki. Still in love with Keiko, Komatsu quits the bar after she refuses his marriage proposal. Keiko is then shown returning again for work, pretending to be happy.'] [" After World War II, people try to sneak into the U.S. illegally with the help of a human smuggling ring run by Palinov . U.S. Immigration operative Peter Karczag  is sent to Havana, where he poses as a Hungarian in need of Palinov's services. During his dangerous undercover investigation, he falls in love with refugee Marianne Lorress . When Palinov discovers Karczag's true purpose, he first tries to have the agent killed. When that fails, Palinov decides to use his own services. He flies to the United States, with Lorress one of the other passengers. However, the airplane is being tracked by the U.S. government. It is crash landed in the Florida swamps in one last desperate attempt to elude capture."] ["In World War II France, Noelle Page , a young and attractive French woman, falls in love with Larry Douglas ([[John Beck , an American pilot of the Royal Canadian Air Force stationed in France. The couple has a torrid love affair that ends abruptly when Larry receives orders to return to the United States. Larry promises Noelle that he will come back for her and marry her. She later finds out that she's pregnant with his child. However, he never comes back and Noelle becomes very bitter. Vowing revenge, Noelle begins using men for their money and power. She becomes a famous European actress and ultimately the mistress of one of the world's wealthiest men, Greek tycoon Constantin Demeris , whom she does not love. In the meantime, Larry is married to Catherine Alexander Douglas , a beautiful and trusting young woman from Chicago. Larry meets her while serving in the Pacific theatre as a United States Army Air Force fighter pilot. He seduces Catherine with some of the same lines he had used with Noelle. After the war, Larry works for various civilian airlines. Noelle hires a detective to keep tabs on him, then sabotages any job Larry is able to find. She then schemes to hire Larry to come to Greece and become a pilot for her private plane. Larry fails to recognize her. Noelle treats him rudely until Larry is not sure how much more he can take. He bursts into Noelle's hotel suite and they rekindle their romance. Larry claims he will keep his long-ago promise and stay with her, leaving Catherine. But when his wife refuses a request for a divorce, Larry and Noelle begin to plan Catherine’s murder. They carry out their plan, but things go wrong. Larry and Noelle ultimately are convicted of murder by a Greek court, which is under the influence of Demeris. They are executed by a firing squad. Catherine has miraculously survived. Suffering from shock, she ends up living in a convent, under the patronage of Constantin Demeris."] ['Bud Eagle , a young singer-songwriter, arrives in Hollywood on a motorcycle. At Marge\'s Koffee Kup Cafe, he meets Vickie , an aspiring dancer, who quizzes him about his "gimmick" and promises to give him the "inside dope" on the music industry. He attends her performance at a television variety show later that night. When the scheduled saxophonist is unable to perform, Bud steps in with a ballad that earns him a standing ovation. Bud\'s performance also earns the notice of talent scout Mike McCauley , who offers him a record deal. Bud accepts the McCauley\'s proposal. McCauley immediately installs Bud in a penthouse apartment, providing him with tailored suits, a Fender Jazzmaster, a mini tape recorder, and a new backing band ready to record his songs. Bud\'s music career takes off in spite of his mounting doubts about the unscrupulous McCauley, who pays high school students to promote his music at their schools. Bud attempts to leave McCauley more than once, but relents when McCauley reminds him of the money he\'s owed. Bud performs "Vickie"  live on television, and Vickie sees the broadcast. She runs to the television studio where they joyfully reunite. They spend the night ice skating in Vickie\'s uncle\'s rink. When Bud returns to his penthouse apartment, he is confronted by Don Proctor, McCauley\'s previous client. He warns Bud that McCauley is cheating him, and manipulating him. McCauley\'s henchman, Steak , arrives with a girl, Daisy, who begins to dance seductively, distracting Bud while Steak and Proctor go outside to fight. Steak throws Proctor down a staircase. As Daisy kisses Bud, Vickie walks in, and runs out again in tears. Bud chases after her but is kidnapped by a trio of comical bums from Marge\'s Koffee Kup Cafe. Eager to take advantage of McCauley, Bud helps the kidnappers to plan the crime, encouraging them to ask for more ransom money. They try to share the money with him, but he refuses. Steak breaks into the kidnappers\' hideout, the group scatters, and Bud goes into hiding. He takes a job as a dishwasher at Marge\'s Koffee Kup Cafe, where he and Vickie reconcile, but are quickly apprehended by McCauley and Steak, who threaten violence if Bud does not return to them. After a climactic fist fight between Steak and Bud, Steak flees, and Bud demands that McCauley reform his dishonest business. McCauley refuses. Bud reveals that he has recorded the incriminating conversation using the mini tape recorder, and he threatens to make the recording public. McCauley relents, promising to manage Bud\'s career fairly from now on. The movie closes with scenes of Vickie and Bud dancing together on the beach as Bud sings "Twist Fever."'] ['Timoteo , a surgeon, gets the shocking news that his fifteen-year old daughter Angela  has been seriously injured in a motorcycle accident. As she is operated upon, Timoteo looks out of a window to see  a woman, her back facing him, proceeding to sit down on a chair in the rain outside. He notices her prominent red heels and turns away in disbelief, indicating he was familiar with them. His subsequent reminiscences about an old affair comprise the remainder of the film. A subsequent scene shows Timoteo sitting in a bar in an unfamiliar location on a hot day. Italia , a woman of Albanian origin working at the bar and wearing red heels, offers to let him make a seemingly important call from her home. The inebriated Timoteo, having entered her flat, rapes Italia and subsequently falls in love with her. He learns from her, among other things, she was sexually abused in her childhood by a dress salesman . He decides to leave his wife Elsa  and conveys this to Italia but,just as he is about to come clean, he discovers that Elsa is pregnant. Meanwhile, Italia also becomes pregnant with his child. Timoteo, now in a real dilemma, cannot gather the courage to confront Elsa in her condition. Italia, unaware of this, interprets Timoteo\'s hesitation as a lack of commitment on his part and is heartbroken by this perceived betrayal. Later, Timoteo encounters a seemingly unstable Italia dancing frenziedly outside her house. On his chiding her, Italia tells him agitatedly that she has had their child aborted at a nearby gypsy\'s,adding bitterly it was for the best as she wouldn\'t have made a good mother anyway. Greatly disturbed by this development,Timoteo leaves and goes home to his pregnant wife. Some months later, Timoteo, shopping with his wife who is about to deliver, spots Italia in a crowd and rushes after her in the rain. After catching up with her, he profusely apologises to Italia, asking her forgiveness for all the pain he caused. After reacting violently initially, Italia tells him that she knew now why he could not leave his wife and that she understood. He also learns from her that she would be moving to another town shortly. Next morning, Timoteo offers to drive Italia down to her new town. During the journey, his feelings for Italia grow stronger and he confesses his desire to marry and settle down with her in the new town. While having dinner, Timoteo marries himself off to Italia and refers to her as "my wife" while speaking to a waitress. That night, he is woken by Italia\'s screams as she is gripped by unbearable pain in her abdomen. She is rushed to the local hospital, where an ultrasound reveals her belly to be full of blood, indicating a botched abortion. A desperate Timoteo then proceeds to operate on Italia. She dies soon after briefly regaining consciousness. His recollections are interrupted by a nurse who informs him that his daughter\'s condition has stabilised. He then visits her with his wife. In the final act, a relieved Timoteo takes out Italia\'s red shoe, which he had carefully preserved, and kisses it as a gesture of thanks.'] ['Raja Babu ([[Govinda  is a poor orphan adopted by a wealthy village couple . He is a typical country bumpkin, good-hearted but lacking in urban manners. He falls for Madhu  when he sees her photograph in a studio and chases her on his bike decorated with plastic flowers with his sidekick, played by Shakti Kapoor. Taken in by his smart appearance and impressive talks, she reciprocates his love but walks out on him with all villagers watching when she learns that he is no match to her urbane, well-educated self. It was particularly humilitating for his father as it happened in front of villagers who respected him highly. The movies takes several twists with a typical Bollywoodesque happy ending. Villains are nabbed by police but not before being beaten black and blue by the hero, boy gets his girl and parents are reunited with their son.'] ["Marvin Blake is a sharecropper's son who wants to better himself by studying for a college education instead of working in the fields under the heat in the Deep South. Initially, greedy Peckerwood plantation owner Lane Norwood is opposed to the idea and says he needs to work in his fields, but after the sudden death of his over-worked father, he grudgingly helps Blake achieve his goal and gives the young man a job as a bookkeeper when his vampish daughter Madge intercedes on his behalf. Blake uncovers irregularities in Norwood's accounts and soon finds himself embroiled in a battle between management and workers and torn between the seductive Madge and his longtime sweetheart Betty Wright."] ['Thomas Smithers , who has made his fortune in metalwork, hires Meneer Chrome , a famous garden designer, to create the most extravagant garden imaginable out of his wild property. However, Chrome has already been employed by Fitzmaurice , the cousin of Smithers\' wife Juliana , for the purpose of bankrupting Smithers. Fitzmaurice\'s purpose in this is to take back Juliana as his lover, but she becomes attracted to Chrome, who is falling in love with Anna, the Smithers\' mysterious daughter. Anna, however, is contemptuous of Chrome ; her parents subject her to numerous "treatments," thinking her mentally unstable and wishing to cure her. These treatments cause Chrome to pity her, outbursting to the doctor at one point, "You\'re sick, she\'s not! Heal yourself!" As the garden grows increasingly more complex and Smithers approaches bankruptcy, Fitzmaurice realizes that Chrome\'s affection for Anna is making him a liability; first he threatens to reveal Chrome\'s true identity to Smithers, then he plots to kill him by poisoning. Fitzmaurice\'s plan backfires, however, and he falls victim to his own poison. Juliana abandons her adulterous intentions, which her husband remains unaware of, and turns to support Smithers, who is bankrupt from his garden project obsession. Chrome, revealed to be the real Chrome\'s assistant, goes to the sea with Anna, where she throws away her book of poetry.'] ['A successful New York attorney, Gavin Banek, is in a rush to file a power of appointment, which will prove a dead man signed his foundation over to Banek\'s law firm. He has a collision with another car, belonging to an insurance salesman, Doyle Gipson, who is also in a rush to a hearing to try to gain custody of his children and to prevent his estranged wife from taking them to Oregon. Banek tries to brush Gipson off with a blank check thereby disobeying the law. After Gipson refuses to accept the check and voices his desire to "do the right thing", that is, filing a police report and insurance claim, Banek strands Gipson, telling him, "better luck next time". After arriving to the court late, Gipson learns that it proceeded without him and that it didn\'t go in his favor. Unfortunately for Banek, he dropped the crucial power of appointment file at the scene of the accident, and the judge gives him until the end of the day to re-obtain the papers and present them. Gipson, who took the papers, has no intention of returning them, and in desperation, Banek goes to someone skilled with computers and gets him to switch off Gipson\'s credit. Gipson needed credit for a loan so he could buy a house for his family, and he becomes further enraged, determined to make life difficult for Banek. Both men continue to do morally reprehensible things in an attempt to one-up each other, and eventually they begin to question their actions. Though it is made clear that Banek and Gipson are radically different, they both have an angry, vengeful streak, each capable of abandoning his morals just to punish the other. The film ends with both men having a new outlook on life, concentrating on ethics and the moral implications of their actions. Ultimately the two men apologize to each other and Gipson returns the file, but it looks to be too late for both of what they were trying to do. Banek ends up using the file to force his boss to do the right thing and plans to represent Gipson pro bono so he can get the house he wants. Banek also visits Gipson\'s wife to explain everything to her, knowing he owes Gipson that much. The movie ends with Gipson\'s wife and children smiling at him from across the street, indicating a possible reconciliation or at the very least some kind of arrangement between the two in the future.'] ['Bergman plays Karin, a displaced Lithuanian in Italy, who escapes the internment camp by marrying an Italian POW fisherman , whom she met in the camp on the other side of the barbed wire. She soon discovers that his home island of Stromboli is very harsh and barren, and the people traditional and conservative. They act with hostility towards this strange, foreign woman. Karin speaks little Italian adding to her difficulties. Karin becomes increasingly despondent and eventually she wants to escape the volcano island. The film also features documentary-like segments about fishing and an actual evacuation of the town after an eruption of the volcano. Most villagers are played by actual people from the island, as is typical of neo-realism.'] ['To trumpeter Hyun-woo, life seems to remain forever locked in winter. In desperation, Hyunwoo signs up for a position teaching a children’s wind ensemble at a small junior high school in a distant Dogye village. Worn-out instruments, tarnished trophies and frayed certificates testify to the poor conditions of this ragtag group. This leads Hyun-woo, together with his students, to take on a seemingly impossible challenge.'] ["Tony Fiala  is a working-class boy whose greatest desire is to become a member of Vienna's most famous choir. His father however is reluctant about such idea, since he wants his son to follow in his own footsteps as engine driver. Unlike his loving and supportive mother, Tony's father also sees no future for the boy in music. Despite the objections, Tony manages to join the Vienna Boys' Choir. Once there, he meets Peter (played by [[Sean Scully , who is the leading boy in the choir and the first and most experienced solo voice, so when Peter finds out that Tony has a wonderful clear treble voice, he immediately feels threatened by the talented new boy. Peter's jealousy will prompt him to do everything in his power to ruin his rival's public performances and good image as a boarder to the point of endangering Tony's life. The sabotage will eventually end but the break in Peter's voice will change the events drastically."] [" While stationed in Algiers Commandant Denis Hogan  receives a letter containing bad news and requests that he be allowed to return to his home country of Ireland, where he is a wanted man. In Ireland, Baron James O'Brien  is told by his doctor that he has no more than a month to live. He decides to marry off his only daughter Connaught  to a socialite, John D'Arcy  despite her love of childhood friend Dermot McDermot . Hogan returns to Ireland and disguises himself as a holy man. On his way to the O'Brien's house he is recognised by a gatekeeper, whom he reveal his intentions to kill a man to. Hogan meets Dermot McDermot and the three men witness the lights of Glenmalure's chapel being lit, signifying a wedding is taking place. At this time a group of soldiers ask the gate keeper if he has seen Hogan. Later that night, after Connaught and D'Arcy have been wed, the Baron dies. On the night of his funeral Hogan sneaks about the grounds of Hangman's House and is spotted by D'Arcy. D'Arcy is startled by the appearance of Hogan. At bedtime D'Arcy tries to sleep with Connaught but she rejects his advances.  A community race is held on St. Stephen's Day and Connaught's horse The Bard is due to race. The horse's jockey goes missing just before the race because of interference from D'Arcy who has bet against the horse. Dermot is required to jockey the horse and he wins the race leading a drunken D'Arcy to shoot The Bard. D'Arcy is ostracised by the community because of this. Hogan is arrested at the race. At night Dermot and D'Arcy meet in a pub where D'Arcy reveals that he had an affair with Hogan's sister. Dermot gives D'Arcy money to leave Ireland and threatens him that if he ever sees him again he will kill him. Hogan escapes from prison and a gunfight erupts between his men and the guards. Later Dermot and Connaught visit Hogan's hideout and Hogan reveals that his sister died following D'Arcy's desertion. Connaught returns to Hangman's House to discover that D'Arcy has returned. After a struggle she flees to Dermot's house. Hogan and Dermot go to Hangman's House and confront D'Arcy. During a fight between the men a fire breaks out and burns down the house. Hogan and Dermot escape but D'Arcy falls to his death as a balcony collapses. Connaught and Dermot see Hogan off at the port as he returns to Algiers. Connaught gives Hogan a kiss and Dermot shakes his hands and thanks him. Connaught and Dermot walk away together as Hogan watches them."] ['The drama is study of a rural Italian family led north to Milan by the matriarch . Presented in five distinct sections, the film weaves the story of Vincenzo, Simone, Rocco, Ciro and Luca as they struggle to adapt to life in a large, impersonal city. The plot revolves around the prostitute, Nadia , who is pursued and desired by both Simone and Rocco . The pivotal scene in the film comes when Simone rapes Nadia in front of Rocco, who then gives her up to his brother out of a tragic, misplaced desire to do whatever it takes to keep his family whole. In typical fashion for a director known for helping build Italian neorealism, the film ends with no substantive resolution, but with clouds of doom hanging over the family. During shooting, the film was seized and Visconti asked to delete the scenes showing Nadia\'s rape and murder. Visconti was not vindicated until a court judgement of 1966.Buss, Robin. Italian Films, "Rocco and His Brothers," page 142. London: Anchor Press Ltd. ISBN 0-7134-5900-X.'] ['Dominick "Nicky"  and Eugene "Gino"  Luciano are twin brothers living in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. Nicky has a learning disability from his youth and Gino takes care of him and helps him get through life. Gino is studying to become a doctor at a local hospital and cannot finish his education in Pittsburgh; he is afraid that Nicky cannot take care of himself and that he depends on Eugene to look after him. Nicky has a job working for a garbage collection company, a job that supports his brother\'s education. He and a man named Larry  work for Mr. Johnson . Larry is Nicky\'s best friend, albeit a bit of a wiseacre who constantly puts wild ideas into Nicky\'s mind. Eugene begins helping a nurse named Jennifer , who is working at the same hospital where he is, to study for her exams. He begins to develop feelings for her as the movie progresses. Nicky mentions this to Larry while they are working and Larry does not miss the opportunity to plant the idea in Nicky\'s head that Jennifer and Eugene are sleeping together. On the night of his and Nicky\'s birthday, Eugene must work late at the hospital and calls a very disappointed Nicky to tell him. Nicky instead starts to take Larry to a Wrestlemania event he and Eugene were going to see. Larry instead takes Nicky with him to a woman called Mrs. Vincent whom Larry is occasionally intimate with. Nicky does not engage in sexual intercourse with Mrs. Vincent and instead goes outside as Larry has fun with her inside. Nicky is surprised to find a young boy named Mikey Chernak, who is Mrs. Vincent\'s next door neighbour and also someone he knows from his garbage route, outside with bruises on his face. When Nicky asks where the bruises are from Mikey replies he fell. Nicky does not understand that it is Mikey\'s father Martin  who abuses him and assumes Mikey is telling the truth. Larry and Nicky go bar-hopping and both get very drunk, all the while Larry constantly and drunkenly taunts Nicky about Eugene\'s relationship with Jennifer. Nicky stumbles home and finds Jennifer and Eugene sitting and talking. Nicky believes they are sleeping together and tells Eugene that he knows he is \'screwing\' Jennifer. Eugene gets very angry and roughly shoves Nicky before sending him to bed. An insulted Jennifer leaves. Later, Nicky, Eugene, Jennifer and Mrs. Gianelli, who lives next door, go on a picnic and bring Nicky\'s dog Fred. Fred is hit by a car, greatly disturbing Nicky. Several days later, Nicky is collecting garbage at Mikey\'s house and through the window views Martin hitting Mikey and forcing him down the stairs. The father shoves him too hard and sends the boy to the bottom of the stairs. The father races to the phone and calls 911, telling them the boy fell. The father sees a shocked Nicky through the window as Larry and Mr. Johnson find Nicky by the window. Nicky is horrified, speechless and unable to act, to move, to tell Larry what is wrong, what he\'s witnessed. The father lies and says Mikey fell; both are concerned and soon neighbors, including Mrs Vincent and Theresa, Mikey\'s mother, arrive at the scene. An ambulance appears and takes Mikey to the hospital. An inconsolable Nicky runs after the ambulance, leaving his co-workers at the garbage truck shouting after him to ask what\'s wrong. Nicky runs to the hospital where Martin drags him into a closet and tells him that Mikey is dead, warning Nicky that if he tells anybody what he did, he will kill Nicky also. A horrified Nicky flees. Later on, Nicky takes a gun from Mr. Johnson\'s truck  and goes back to the home of Martin and his wife Theresa where they and a gathering of neighbors and friends grieve. Nicky steals a baby, Mikey\'s younger brother Joey, from his parents at gunpoint and runs away believing he is protecting the baby from the father. He is eventually cornered in a building where a SWAT Team surrounds the place. Eugene and Jennifer as well as Martin and Theresa race to the building. Eugene is sent in to get Nicky and the baby out. He goes in and is confronted by Nicky who now believes after seeing the domestic abuse of Mikey that their father did the same to him and that is why he is mentally challenged. Eugene breaks down and admits that it is true. Yet, he also reveals that despite this it was always Nicky standing up to their father and always protecting Eugene. He tells of how one night their father got really mad at Eugene and that Nicky took the beating instead of Eugene and that is why Nicky is mentally challenged. A sobbing Eugene tells Nicky he does not want to become like their father and he is at times afraid of himself and how he gets mad at Nicky. Nicky comforts him and tells him that he is not and that he loves him. They exit the building and hand the baby, Joey, over to Theresa. Eugene protests as the Pittsburgh Police handcuff Nicky. Martin races forward with a gun and aims for Nicky. Eugene and two police officers manage to subdue him. Nicky tells everyone how Martin abused Mikey and how he killed him. A horrified Theresa realizes that that is true. Nicky is released and the father is hauled away in handcuffs. At the end, Eugene kisses Jennifer as she leaves for medical school and she says she will leave a number with Nicky. The twins embrace one last time and then Eugene also leaves. The credits roll as Nicky goes on his daily garbage route, happily embracing the future with content and a new understanding of himself.'] ['Conway is Vernon Praiseworthy, heir to a fortune from his late uncle, who faced poverty and misfortune during the Great Depression but managed to build up his riches despite these hardships. To become eligible for the inheritance, Vernon must suffer as his uncle did by becoming a migrant hobo for a time. Soon after, Vernon and the dog sent to protect him are caught up in a dognapping scheme.'] ["Laura Reynolds  is a free-spirited, unwed single mother living with her young son Danny  in an isolated California beach house. She makes a modest living as an artist and home-schools her son out of concern that he will be compelled to follow detrimental conventional social norms in a regular school. Danny has gotten into some trouble with the law through two minor incidents, which are in his mother's eyes innocent expressions of his natural curiosity and conscience rather than delinquency. Now with a third incident a judge orders her to send the boy to an Episcopal boarding school where Dr. Edward Hewitt  is headmaster, and his wife Claire  teaches. At an initial interview, there is a momentary immediate attraction between Laura and Edward, but this quickly turns into tension brought on by their greatly differing world views and Laura's dislike of religion. Finally she storms out. She attempts to flee the area with her son but they are quickly picked up by police who take Danny to the school. He initially has trouble fitting in because his mother's home schooling has left him far in advance of boys his age in several subjects; the standard course of instruction at Edward's school leaves him restless and bored. At Claire's suggestion, Edward visits Laura to learn more about Danny and his upbringing. Laura's unconventional morals initially disturb Edward, as they conflict with his religious training. After visiting her several more times he finds that he wants her very much and cannot get her out of his mind. The two begin a passionate extramarital affair. At first Edward struggles with feelings of guilt, while Laura urges him to accept the rightness of their love. Meanwhile, Danny flourishes after Edward relaxes school rules and allows the boy to choose more advanced classes. The love affair is eventually exposed by a remark made to Edward in the presence of Claire by a jealous former lover of Laura's. At first Claire is distraught, but later they quietly discuss it in the light of how their lives have diverged from the idealistic religious fervor of the first years of their marriage. He says that he still loves her and that he will end the affair. They decide to separate for a while. He resigns his position at the school and decides to travel. The school year over, Laura tells Danny that they can move away, but he has put down roots at the school and wants to stay there. She has a moment of pain but realizes his need to be free and agrees. On Edward's way out of town, he stops at her place for a silent farewell, she and the boy down on the beach, he high up on the bluff above looking down at them."] ["A young and attractive girl, Sarita, lives with her wealthy father, aunt, cousin and maid. Her father hires a tutor to teach her with essay writing, named Arun. Arun and Sarita slowly fall in love, especially when she finds out he's a famous poet by the name of 'Rahee'. Her father is adamantly against the union because Arun is poor. He wants Sarita to marry the son of a wealthy man, Moti Lal. Furthermore, Sarita's aunt wants her to marry her nephew Ramu, also known as Romeo and gets him hired as Sarita's music tutor. Moti Lal then gets a letter saying that Sarita is not her father's legitimate daughter, and her birth, religion and caste are called into question."] ["Seeking refuge from abusive foster parents, 8-year-old orphan Xiao Hua runs away and finds safety under the care of a poor, illiterate old man from another village. Despite his lack of money and despite being taunted by friends, the elderly man does everything in his power to protect the young child he believes was delivered to him by fate. Xiao Hua works hard and forms a close bond with the old man, whom she calls Grandpa, but the old man's daughter-in-law, who can't conceive, tries desperately to send Xiao Hua away. The grandpa sends her to school and gradually Xiao Hua thaws the hearts of the old man's son Baozhu and daughter-in-law Xiangcao. Toward the movie's end it is disclosed by the village head that the old man's son Baozhu is also an adopted orphan like Xiao Hua. Years later Xiao Hua becomes the first college graduate from the village. She becomes a rural teacher to repay the kindness of the village which adopted her."] ["The film is set in the reign of King Louis XIII. When Châtellerault fails to win the heart of the icy Roxalanne de Lavedan, he wagers his entire estate against that of Bardelys that Bardelys can't either. On the way to the Lavedan estate, Bardelys stumbles upon a wounded and dying man, Lesperon, who asks Bardelys to say farewell to his beloved but dies before telling him her name. Bardelys takes his papers and assumes his identity, only to find that Lesperon is a traitor to the king. Bardelys, as Lesperon, encounters the king's soldiers who are hunting Lesperon, fights them, and escapes, badly wounded, to the castle of Lavedan. Roxalanne hides him from the king's soldiers and tends to his wounds. She nurses him to health and pledges her love, but when the guilt-ridden Bardelys refuses to marry her, she angrily turns him over to the king's men. Bardelys, still believed to be Lesperon, is brought to trial for treason—where Châtellerault is the judge. Châtellerault refuses to admit his identity and condemns him to death. Roxalanne finds Bardelys in prison, confesses her love, and marries Châtellerault in a desperate effort to save Bardelys' life. Bardelys escapes from the gallows just as the King arrives to confirm his identity. Châtellerault dies in a duel with Louis' men, and Bardelys and Roxalanne embrace.<ref nameBardelys the Magnificent |publisherhttp://www.tcm.com/tcmdb/title/490224/Bardelys-the-Magnificent/ |accessdate=August 1, 2012}}"] ["Deena Martin is a 15-year-old teenager who has become a rebel since dating Garrett, another rebellious teen was suspended from school for hitting a teacher. Deena no longer keeps any of her promises, skips school and leaves the family home whenever she pleases. Her newfound harsh attitude upsets her mother, Cynthia, who once enjoyed a close relationship with her daughter. Cynthia is frustrated because the lines of communication have broken down between mother and daughter. Cynthia's relationship with her own mother is not entirely pleasant. Although Cynthia's mother advises her daughter to be stricter with Deena, Cynthia does not heed the advice. For example, she tidies Deena's bedroom, a chore which Cynthia has consistently and politely reminded her daughter to do. When Deena discovers what Cynthia has done, she is less than grateful and reacts violently and ends up pushing her mother. Adam, Deena's younger brother notices the impact that Deena's behaviour has upon his mother and drinks alcohol in order to forget about the family problems. At one point, Cynthia and Deena's relationship seems to improve, until Cynthia finds out that she has been skipping school. Her confrontation leads to an argument, during which Deena slaps her. Although she admits to Garrett that she liked hitting her, Deena later apologizes to her mother, only to ask her to cover for her absence at school. Cynthia agrees to lie for her, but she soon has another setback when she finds out that Deena has been kicked off the swim team at school. Todd, her father, announces that there are going to be changes in the house to put an end to Deena's rebellious behavior. Todd stipulates that his daughter is not allowed to go out anymore, she has to do all of her chores and cannot miss another day of school. Deena reluctantly agrees, but soon finds ways to do what she wants by lying and being manipulative. Her violent eruptions still continue and she even goes as far as breaking one of her father's fingers, for which he has to go to the hospital. Upset over everything going out of hand, Deena considers committing suicide, but Garrett stops her, by convincing her to run away from home to California with him. Meanwhile, Cynthia and Todd have no idea what to do about Deena. When they find out that she has been flunking school and taking drugs, they forbid her from seeing Garrett again and threaten to call the police. To their surprise, she responds by threatening to tell the police that Todd tried to rape her. When she is caught sneaking out of the home, her father reacts furiously. This leads to Deena hitting her mother with a phone and threatening to stab her father. Afraid, Adam calls the police and has Deena arrested. Although her parents attempt to withdraw the charges, she is put on probation for 6 weeks and she has to visit a therapist. She moves in with her aunt Judith and convinces her that her behavior can be explained by her mother's so-called alcoholism. Cynthia doesn't want Deena to visit a therapist, claiming that she will make a victim out of herself, blaming her for alcoholism and Todd for rape. She constantly argues with Todd over Deena and when she turns to her mother, she gets slapped. Upset, she goes to Judith, confronting Deena with her behavior and blaming Judith for never having thanked her for all she has done for her in the past. Deena runs away and tries to find comfort with Garrett, only to find him cheating on her. Later, Cynthia receives a visit from Judith, who blames her for being just like their alcoholic mother. Cynthia tries to prove that she is a good mother by pointing Adam as an example, but then finds out he is drinking alcohol. She tries to convince Todd to support her, but he makes clear that he thinks that she is drinking too much as well. In the end, the entire family agrees to enroll in therapy. Deena returns home, but is still on probation, having to do 300 hours of community service and attend anger management classes. She ends her plans of going to California with Garrett, during which she sees Garrett for who he really is when he reacts angrily and nearly slaps her. Garrett relents at the last moment and leaves Deena alone, but she now finds that she is better off without him. She is reunited with her parents and the family continues on their road to recovery together."] ['This film is a melodrama in which Yun Bong-Choon stars as a violinist in love with a dancer played by Jeon Choon-woo. Their relationship is ruined by the interference of a rich man, played by Lee Bok-bun.'] ["A young athlete aspiring to become a professional basketball player must make some tough decisions in this sports melodrama. Kyle Lee Watson  is a talented basketball player who is about to graduate from high school. While he waits to find out if he will receive a scholarship to Georgetown University he finds himself in a difficult dilemma over a playground basketball tournament. He must decide whether to play for and follow his good-hearted basketball coach or Birdie , a local thug in the neighborhood. Kyle is also feeling resentment towards a security guard named Shepherd, or Shep , because his mother is falling in love with him. Coincidentally, Kyle's coach also wants Shep to coach his team when he feels its time for him to retire, since Shep was previously a star basketball player himself. It is later revealed to Kyle that Shep is Birdie's older brother. Due to the death of a friend, Nutso, Shep cannot bear the thought of playing again."] ['The film is set in 1942, when the British Raj. It was a time when Indians were either working for the British or rallying in underground meetings and protests against them. In this atmosphere, Naren Singh  falls in love with Rajeshwari "Rajjo" Pathak , and their romance is shown developing in spite of the political and social unrest at the time. Naren\'s father, Diwan Hari Singh , is a loyal British employee, while Rajjo\'s father Raghuvir Pathak  is a revolutionary fighting against British rule. When Naren asks Raghuvir for Rajjo\'s hand in marriage, Raghuvir gets expectedly livid, but Naren declares that he is willing to sacrifice everything for Rajjo and thus convinces Raghuvir of his love to her. Raghuvir relents and tells Naren to talk to his father. When Naren does so, Hari Singh is angry that his son has chosen Rajjo, the daughter of a revolutionary, but pretends that he will do anything for Naren\'s happiness. Hari Singh then tricks Naren into revealing Raghuvir\'s secret location, and leaks the information to the British authorities. Soon, some police barge into Raghuvir\'s location and try to kill him, only to find him waiting for him light a bomb, completely killing them all. Rajjo, who was out at that time, realizes what has happened and runs away. She is taken into refuge by Shubhankar , who was a compatriot of Raghuvir and had learned about his death. Under Shubhankar\'s tutelage, Rajjo too follows her father\'s path. Meanwhile, Naren is completely angry at Hari Singh for using him to kill Raghuvir and driving Raijo away from him. Promising to make up with Raijo and help her cause, he then pledges that he will even go on to become a protester or revolutionary, even if it means going against his father for it. With that, Naren breaks off his relationship from his father and proves his point by standing against British General Douglas in front of the city, leaving him to be sentenced to hang for attempted murder. Realizing what Naren was trying to do for her, Rajjo tells Shubhankar about him. In light of Naren\'s devotion to the nation and his cause for its independence, Shubhankar saves him from being hanged and the two manage to finish off Hari Singh and many of the British loyalists with the help of Major Bisht , who turns over a change of heart after tragically seeing his revolutionary daughter Chanda die by the British loyalists\' gunfire ordered by General Douglas. With the loyalists dead, Shubankar hangs General Douglas on the same noose that was intended for Naren. The trio, along with Major Bisht and the citizens, are shown at the end to salute the Indian flag, as it is hoisted by Shubhankar.'] ["Dr. Guy Montford moves back to his seaside Massachusetts hometown at the request of old friend Larry McFie, who is dying of cancer. Over the objections of Larry's father, hospital administrator Dr. Sol Kelsey puts the patient in Guy's personal care. Guy runs into Bert Mosley, an unscrupulous lawyer who is running for district attorney. He is unaware that Mosley is having an affair with Kelsey's chief nurse, Fran, until one night he is summoned to a motel fire and finds that Bert and Fran were secretly meeting there. Larry knows his condition is terminal, despite Guy's mentions of a possible miracle drug. Larry's death-bed wish is that his wife, Margaret, will end up married to Guy, whom he trusts. Sam McFie, for some reason, does not want his son being treated by Guy. Margaret goes sailing with Guy, but is devoted to her husband. She is also unhappy with Guy's cruel treatment of a town drunk, Stew, until she learns that the man once had an illicit romance with Guy's mother, resulting in the suicide of his father. Margaret and Guy briefly become lovers. Fran has hopelessly fallen in love with Guy, but is being blackmailed by reporter Parker Welk, who knows of the motel affair and threatens to go public unless Fran poses for provocative photographs. Bert finds out about it and assaults Parker, who receives medical attention from Guy. Complications develop when Larry pleads with Guy to put him out of his misery and Margaret discovers she is pregnant from the one-night stand. Guy can't bear to see his friend in pain. He gives him a fatal overdose of morphine. Fran realizes what happened and tells Bert, who has Guy placed under arrest. Larry's father lies on the witness stand that his son feared for his life in Guy's care, believing the doctor was in love with his wife. Sol, however, testifies that he personally heard Larry beg Guy for euthanasia. A jury acquits Guy, who hopes he and Margaret can move beyond all that has happened someday."] ["Ravi  is sent to tutor Rai Saheb's five grandchildren, the eldest of whom is a young woman named Rama . Their father Nilesh ([[Sanjeev Kumar , a talented musician, died not long after his wife's death, so the children were sent to live with their paternal grandfather. The children have driven away their previous tutors and in turn, often get corporal punishment from their great-aunt. After Ravi comes, the children play tricks on him too, but his gentle manner and patient methods win them over. He and Rama fall in love, and the end credits indicate that there will be a wedding between them."] ['Phillip Bellamy, a leading barrister, meets with his wife, Doctor Anne Dyson, a psychiatrist, and lets drop about a case he is about to be involved with, defending a young hoodlum who has apparently shot a policemen on a deserted road and been found by police still holding the smoking gun. Bellamy is convinced of his guilt, but is compelled to defend him by the legal code. His wife suggests that she take a look at the patient, as she devotes much of her practice to studying young minds. She visits the accused, Harry Jukes, in prison. He is initially sceptical of her - but he agrees to recount his story. He had stolen a Bentley Continental car to impress one of his female friends, but when she had instead gone off with another boy, he decided to take the car for a spin in the countryside outside London before dumping it. However, he gets involved in an incident which sees one of the tyres go flat. A passing policeman on a bike stops and tries to assist him. Deciding they need a jack, they flag down a lorry. The lorry stops and a passenger shoots the policeman before driving off. Jukes had wrestled the gun from them, which was how he was found when a police patrol car arrived. Convinced by his sincerity, she begins to probe the facts behind the case despite the scepticism and irritation of her husband, who thinks the police have a watertight case against Jukes. Dyson visits the gang of beats that Jukes hung out with in a cafe in Battersea and they agree to help assist her. She also visits Taplow, the man whose car was stolen, and he tries to seduce her. Jukes is convicted at the trial, and also subsequently his appeal. He is taken to the condemned cell to wait for his execution which is little more than days away. Frantically Dyson searches for witnesses or further evidence, but what little she manages to produce does nothing to alter the conviction of the police or her husband that Jukes was the murderer. She catches a break when she manages to track down a couple of adulterous lovers who had been on the road the night of the accident, but fearing blackmail or being arrested they drive off at high speed and are involved in a fatal accident. With her last hope seemingly gone, and with the execution now hours away - she visits Taplow at his offices which have suddenly become filled with Irishman on the night shift. Suspecting something is amiss she escapes and telephones the police. It transpires that an IRA outfit are planning to rob an arms lorry on its way between bases. The previous attempt had been aborted because of a policeman intervening - which led to his shooting and the murder trial for which the innocent Jukes now stands convicted. Now the IRA are planning a similar operation but are thwarted by the police. Both Taplow and his comrade Terence end up dead. Jukes is released from prison, and returns to join his mates at the Battersea Cafe.'] ['Benigno  Martin and Marco Zuluaga cross paths when they attend the same concert dance, only eventually meeting again at a private clinic where Benigno works. There, he is the personal nurse and caregiver for Alicia, a beautiful dance student who lies in a coma and with whom Benigno has become obsessed. Marco, a journalist and travel writer, is at the clinic to visit his girlfriend Lydia, a famous matador who is also comatose after being gored by a bull. As the men stand vigil over these women, the story unfolds in flashbacks, giving details of the two relationships. Marco leaves Lydia in the hospital when her previous lover informs him that they had reunited a month before Lydia\'s accident. He travels to Jordan to write a tourist guide; while there he reads in a newspaper that Lydia has died in her coma. Meanwhile, Alicia is discovered to be pregnant. Benigno, who believes his relationship with the comatose Alicia is a mutual love affair, is accused of raping her and is sent to prison in Segovia. Marco returns to Spain and begins trying to help Benigno. He finds out that Alicia had awakened during or sometime after giving birth, but the baby was stillborn. Following Benigno\'s lawyer\'s urging, he does not tell Benigno about her unexpected recovery. Desperate, Benigno ingests a large quantity of pills to try to "escape" and reunite with Alicia. He dies of an overdose. Meanwhile, Alicia has begun rehabilitation to recover her ability to walk and dance. The film ends with Marco, sitting two rows in front of Alicia at a dance concert, turning around and smiling at her for a moment, and then turning back around. The screen lists Marco y Alicia as the next act.'] ['Cyril  is dissatisfied with his introverted fiancee Sujatha . He starts a relationship with the more out-going Sarojini  and gets her pregnant. Sujatha meanwhile is fascinated by a wandering Buddhist monk. Due to the pregnancy, Cyril breaks off the engagement having no intention to marry Sarojini. Till the birth of the child he supports her and then leaves her for an older rich woman. Sarojini is distraught and contemplates suicide. Sujatha by this time is planning to become a nun. Sujatha takes in Sarojini. By the conclusion, they have switched roles with Sarojini becoming a nun and Sujatha becoming infatuated with a young man.  {| class"50%" |- bgcolor="#CCCCCC" ! Actor !! Role |- | Tony Ranasinghe || Cyril |- | Punya Heendeniya || Sujatha |- | Anula Karunatilleke || Sarojini Perera |- | Dayananda Gunawardena || Friend |- | J. B. L. Gunasekera || Sujatha\'s father |- | Iranganie Serasinghe || Sujatha\'s mother |- | Shanthi Lekha || Sarojini\'s mother |- | Sujatha Paramanathan || Cyril\'s second fiancee |- | Subashini Athukorala ||  " "  |- | D. R. Nanayakkara ||  " "  |}'] ["A love affair between a young lieutenant and a musician's daughter ends tragically when the lieutenant is killed in a duel, and the girl commits suicide."] ['Oh Je Ro is a musical genius who had always dream of learning the piano, but had to work in a piano factory as tuner instead of going to school in order to support his sick father. He had despaired of ever being given a chance to learn and thought the name his father gave him sounded like "Oh, Zero", signifying his lack of hope in the future. This changes when he meets an elementary school teacher, Yoon In Sa, and begins a delicate love story with her.'] ["The film begins in 1869. Hedwig is a girl from an upper-middle class family. Since the death of her mother she is mainly interested in reading English books. During a visit to a cemetery she meets Johan, a young man whom she falls for immediately. She has sexual fantasies about him and is unable to hide this from her strictly religious family. Her governess tells her that she is sinning and she won't be able to get children anymore. Humiliated, she tries to commit suicide but fails. Three years later Hedwig is a lady and meets Johan, now a poor aspiring artist. He wants to marry her but she thinks that she will make him unhappy, and instead marries a notary called Gerard. Their marriage is without passion: he has sworn chastity. Her resulting unhappiness soon manifests itself as sickness, and on the advice of her doctor the couple decide to have sex. It turns out to be a traumatic experience. She admits to her friend Leonora that she finds life too boring and predictable. One day she gets a letter from Johan, who accuses her of being a prostitute. After a confrontation he shoots himself. Hedwig also tries to shoot herself but is stopped by Gerard. Soon after she meets Ritsaart, a romantic pianist with whom she begins an affair. When he wants her to go to bed with him she sends him away but at night she can't control her sexual fantasies. During a passionate night with Ritsaart, Hedwig enjoys sex for the first time and intends to leave Gerard. He, filled with jealousy, plans to kill Ritsaart when he comes visiting, but their confrontation is interrupted when they note water running down the walls of the house: they run upstairs to find Hedwig in the bathroom with a slashed wrist. Gerard sees how Ritsaart turns out to be Hedwig's saving angel and lets his wife go. She moves with Ritsaart to Cobham, Kent, and impresses English society, and gives birth to a daughter, but the child dies after a few days. Hedwig doesn't know how to separate reality and fantasy and impulsively goes to Calais, where she is fooled into going with a man whom she thinks is her husband but turns out to be a thief. On the train to Paris, he steals her bag, which she thinks contains her daughter. She ends up in an isolation cell of a psychiatric institution. After she is released she becomes addicted to morphine and prostitutes herself. Hedwig faints from hunger on the street and is taken to a hospital. She gets help from the French convent sister Paula, who helps her overcome her addiction. When she is healthy again she returns to the Netherlands. She decides to visit Joop and runs into Ritsaart, telling him that she will always love him but doesn't want to see him again. She spends her last years with a farmer's family."] ['K and Cream first meet each other in high school & both are orphans; K was abandoned by his mother after his father died of cancer who nevertheless left him a sizable sum of money, while Cream lost her entire family in a traffic accident. The two become soulmates and come to share a home, though Kay watches Cream switch from boyfriend to boyfriend as he keeps his own feelings for her to himself. Knowing that Cream\'s biggest fear is to be left alone, Kay keeps the fact that he has terminal cancer a secret, and instead he urges her to marry a kind and healthy man. When Cream announces that she is in love with affluent doctor Joo-hwan, Kay is left heartbroken, but is satisfied that she has met her ideal partner. The audience later learns that Cream accidentally learns about K\'s illness when she takes what she thought were K\'s vitamins but in fact turned our to be pain medication for terminal cancer patients. It was shown earlier in the movie that Cream has asked K what his wish was; Cream finding a good and healthy man to spend her life with was what K wished for. Wanting to fulfill K\'s wish, Cream fakes falling in love with Joo-hwan. This part of the movie is shown at the end from Cream\'s perspective. Believing Cream has really found someone she loves, K asked Joo-hwan\'s fiance to break up with him. Joo-hwan\'s fiance agrees under the condition that K lets her take photographs of him. The night before Joo-hwan and Cream\'s wedding, K found the courage to tell Cream that he loves her while Cream replies "me, too." In the end, Cream believe that they are married because they walked down the aisle together when Kay is handing Cream off to Joo-hwan at their wedding. At the very end we see Joo-hwan at a burial site where he is visiting the grave of Cream and there he leaves a photograph of K and Cream as well as Cream\'s recorder. On it is a recording Cream made for K right before her suicide telling him to wait for her on the other side so that they can be together with "no more tears"'] ["Bowie  escapes from prison with bank robbers Chicamaw  and T-Dub . Bowie was unfairly convicted of murder. The three plan to rob a bank. Bowie needs the money to hire a lawyer to prove he's innocent. Bowie, injured in an auto accident, finds refuge with the daughter of the owner of a gas station, Keechie . They marry and plan to live an honest life. But then Chicamaw and T-Dub return and demand that Bowie come with them for one more job. Bowie refuses but finds that he is unable to escape from being hunted by the law. He meets a tragic end after he is betrayed. Keechie carries on and is pregnant with their child."] ["California housewife Lucia Harper  attempts to cover up what she believes  to be her daughter's ([[Geraldine Brooks  accidental murder of an undesirable ex-lover . Martin Donnelly , a clean-shaven smooth-talker involved in organized crime, tries to blackmail Lucia by threatening to take Bea and Darby's correspondence to the police. Complications arise when he realizes his true feelings for Lucia and discovers the truth. Donnelly's associate Nagel, initially a mysterious figure, rows with his colleague, who murders him. Donnelly dies in a car crash with the corpse soon afterwards. Normalcy appears to return for Lucia."] ['"Dangerous Diana" Medford  is outwardly flamboyant and popular but inwardly virtuous and idealistic, patronizing her parents  by telling them not to stay out late. Her friend Ann  chases boys for their money and is as amoral as her mother . Diana and Ann are both attracted to Ben Blaine . He takes Diana\'s flirtatious behavior with other boys as a sign of uninterest in him and marries Ann. Diana becomes distraught for a while. Later, Diana throws a party which Ann hopes to attend with her lover, Freddie . She gets into an argument with her husband about the party but attends anyway; Ben attends behind Ann\'s back. Ben and Diana realize their love for each other, and, when Ann falls to her death due to drunkenness, the two are free to unite. Others in the cast include Nils Asther as Norman, Dorothy Sebastian as Beatrice, and Evelyn Hall and Sam De Grasse as Freddie\'s parents.'] ["Old pals Jake Lee, Tex Clarke and Dizzy Davis flew together in the Army  during World War I. Almost twenty years later, Jake is the manager of the Newark, New Jersey branch of Federal Airlines, a New York-based airline company. Tex works as an airmail pilot and Dizzy, also still flying planes, is seeking employment with his friends. Prior to his hot-shot arrival , a New York associate warns Jake about Dizzy, calling him unreliable and troublesome. Insulted, Jake replies that Dizzy is one of the best pilots in the country, telling a few stories about his fearlessness and bravery. Jake hires Dizzy as an airmail pilot. Dizzy is immediately attracted to 'Tommy' Thomas, a 19 year old girl also working there, who has just learned to fly solo. In order to go on a date with her, Dizzy, scheduled for a flight to Cincinnati in the evening, pretends he is suddenly sick and gets Tex to replace him. Tex makes it to Ohio, but on the way back to New Jersey, finds himself in a cold and heavy fog. Though there is zero visibility and he is having radio problems, he attempts to land in Newark. He crashes into one of the airport hangars and the plane catches on fire. Tex is taken to the hospital where he later dies. Tex's wife Lou, who was never very fond of Dizzy, blames him for her husband's death. She calls him selfish and irresponsible and says that he hurts everything he touches. Dizzy, overwhelmed with guilt, returns to the airport. Meanwhile, the weather has gotten even worse and Jake has canceled all other flights. In addition, the aviation authorities have revoked Dizzy's pilot license, for extraneous reasons. Jake consoles Dizzy on account of both losses and then goes home for the night, leaving him temporarily in charge. Another pilot, unaware of the cancellation, comes into the operations building, ready for his normally scheduled flight. Chagrined and burdened with his culpability, Dizzy demands the man explain how the newly acquired and, as of yet, untested aircraft de-icers function, then knocks the man unconscious and irrationally takes his plane. Jake and the others are devastated when they find out. Dizzy radios information over to them about the de-icers. They work to a degree, but the system is flawed. He reports by radio on the problems of the system and his recommendations for modifications, knowing that he will watch progressive icing until he dies. He does not make it through the snow storm."] ["The plot is based on an actual homicide case from Victorian England. Blanche Fury  is a beautiful and genteel woman, forced into menial domestic service after the death of her parents. After a succession of failed positions, she receives an invitation to become governess for the granddaughter of her rich uncle, whom she has never previously met due to an unspecified dispute between her uncle and her father. On arriving at the impressive country estate she first encounters Philip Thorn , whom she mistakes for her cousin Laurence. In fact, he is the illegitimate and only son of the former owner of the estate, Simon Fury. Thorn tells her the legend of the founder of the Fury family, killed in battle, his body defended by the ghost of his pet Barbary ape. The ape of the Furies is said to protect the family and wreak vengeance on anyone who crosses them. Desiring position and security she marries her weak and insipid cousin Laurence. Dissatisfied with her marriage, she and Thorn begin a love affair. They conceive a plan for Thorn to murder her husband and uncle, leaving evidence to blame gypsies, whom her uncle had antagonised in the past. After the inquest Thorn becomes increasingly possessive, and she fears he will murder the child Lavinia, heir to the estate and final obstacle to his ambition, by encouraging the child to make a lethal jump with her pony. Blanche intervenes, and fearing for the child's life, goes to the police, implicating Thorn in the murder. She confesses to their love in court, and he is executed for the double murder. As the day of his execution arrives, Lavinia goes out alone to try the jump she'd been denied, and is killed. Months later Blanche gives birth to a son, whom she names Philip Fury, after his father, Thorn. She dies, leaving her infant son, a true-blooded Fury, as sole heir to the estate. So the curse of the Furies is fulfilled. Shearing brought in many controversial items to the original story, particularly the stereotyped portrayal of gypsies as thieves and vagabonds. Gypsies were not involved in the original case."] ["A brilliant research psychiatrist, Dr. Paul Venner, is driven out of Budapest by another researcher who has taken false credit for Venner's work. After going to London, Dr. Venner is offered a job in a Scottish sanitarium where he can continue his research on dementia precox, a disease from which his father had suffered. Mary Murray, a young, pretty doctor, becomes his laboratory assistant. They fall in love, though she has plans to go to China to engage in medical missionary work in a year's time. Paul convinces her to remain with him, and the two become betrothed. A fire breaks out in the lab and Mary tragically dies in an effort to salvage Paul's valuable records. The deeply distressed doctor turns down several posts at prestigious universities in order to realize Mary's dream of helping the sick in China. The working title of the film was Winged Victory, but this was changed after it was learned that Moss Hart was writing a play with that title. Hart's Winged Victory was filmed in 1944."] ["As World War II ends in Europe, Stars and Stripes journalist Charles Wills  is on the streets of Paris, covering the celebrations. He is suddenly grabbed by a beautiful woman, who kisses him and disappears. Charles follows the crowd to Café Dhingo and meets another pretty woman named Marion Elliswirth . The mutual attraction is instant and she invites him to join her father's celebration of the end of the war in Europe. Charles, Marion and her persistent French suitor Claude Matine  arrive at the Elliswirth household, and we find that the woman who had kissed Charles is Marion's younger sister Helen . Their father, James Elliswirth , had survived World War I and promptly joined the Lost Generation. Unlike most drifters, he never grew out of it; raising his two daughters to desire such a lifestyle. Helen takes after her father and uses her beauty to sustain a life of luxury even though they are flat broke. Marion goes the other way and looks for serious-minded and conventional young men such as Claude, an aspiring prosecutor, and Charles, the future novelist. Charles and Helen fall in love and start dating. After Helen recovers from a near-death case of pneumonia, they get married and settle in Paris. James good-naturedly joins the happy family of Charles, with Helen eventually having a daughter Vickie . Marion, having lost Charles to Helen, agrees to marry Claude. Charles struggles to make ends meet with his meagre salary, unsuccessfully works on his novels and looks after Vickie. At about this time, the barren oil fields in Texas James had bought years before finally begin to produce. Charles, to whom James had given the oil fields as a dowry, quits his job, and Helen and James begin to host parties instead of going to them. Sudden wealth changes Helen, who becomes more responsible, while Charles parties his wealth away after quitting his newspaper job and having all his novels rejected by publishers. They also each start to pursue other interests: Helen flirts with handsome tennis player Paul Lane , while Charles competes in a local Paris-to-Monte Carlo race with professional divorcee Lorraine Quarl . After the race Charles returns to Paris, only to find Helen sitting in Café Dhingo with Paul. A fight breaks out between Paul and Charles, and an angry Charles goes home first and puts the chain on the door, preventing it from being opened all the way. When Helen comes home and tries to enter she can't. She calls out to him, but Charles is in a drunken stupor on the staircase and we hear the bottle drop from his hands as Helen calls. Helen ends up having to walk all the way to her sister's in the snow and rain. She catches pneumonia again and dies. Marion petitions for and gets full custody of Vickie, while Charles returns home to America. A few years later, having straightened himself out, published a book, and stopped boozing, Charles returns to Paris, hoping his reform will persuade Marion to give Vickie back to him. Marion refuses, still feeling resentful towards Charles for having fallen for Helen instead of her. Seeing that Charles and Vickie belong together, Claude steps in and tells Marion that she is punishing Charles for his not realizing that Marion loved him. It is painful for him to tell her that he, Claude, could not have all of her love, but Charles should not be punished any more. Marion goes into Café Dhingo  to look for Charles  and tells him that Helen would not have wanted him to be alone. Outside the cafe, Claude is with Vickie. The child runs to Charles and Charles and the child walk off together as the movie ends."] ['The film commences in 1890 in the small town of Kings Row, focusing on five children. They are Parris Mitchell , who lives with his grandmother ; Cassandra Tower , daughter of Dr. Alexander Tower ; the wealthy orphan Drake McHugh ; Louise Gordon , daughter of the sadistic town physician Dr. Henry Gordon , who has been known to perform operations without anesthetic; and the tomboy Randy Monaghan , whose father  is a railroad worker.<ref namehttp://www.tcm.com/tcmdb/title.jsp?stidFull%20Synopsis |title2009-03-24 |workTurner Classic Movies }}  Parris is attracted to Cassandra, whom the other children avoid because her family is "strange": her mother is confined to the house and never seen. Dr. Tower takes Cassie out of school and Parris does not see her again until years later, when he begins his medical studies under Dr. Tower\'s tutelage. The next day, Parris learns that Dr. Tower has poisoned Cassie and shot himself and has left his estate to him. He learns from Dr. Tower\'s notebook that he killed Cassie because he believed he saw early signs that she might go insane like her mother, and he wanted to prevent Parris from ruining his life by marrying her, just as Tower\'s life had been ruined by marrying Cassie\'s mother. Parris returns to Kings Row and decides to remain there, when he learns that Dr. Gordon has died, leaving the town with no doctor. Louise reveals that her father amputated Drake\'s legs, unnecessarily, because he hated Drake and thought it was his duty to punish wickedness. Parris at first wishes to withhold the truth from Drake, fearing it will destroy his fragile recovery. He considers confining Louise to a mental institution, even though she is not insane, to prevent the truth from being revealed to Drake and other victims of her father. But instead, persuaded by his new friend Elise  to treat Drake like any other patient rather than his best friend, he tells Drake what happened. Drake reacts with defiance and summons a renewed will to live instead of the deep clinical depression Parris had feared. Parris is now free to marry Elise, having helped his old friend return to a productive life.'] ["Lily Krenshka is arrested for soliciting drinks and told to leave town. A photographer, Max West, offers to pay her for swimsuit poses, but she also learns the art of photography from him and sets out for New York to start a new career, changing her name to Lila Crane. A chance meeting with reporter Russ Bassett leads to an introduction to nightclub owner Les Bauer, who lets Lily take pictures at the club. A newspaper columnist pays her for candid shots of important guests, including gangster Horace Sutherland and his mistress. When high-society maven Mrs. Payton Grange permits a rare photo to be taken, Lily's exclusive makes a name for herself as a photographer. She becomes well-known and well-paid, even resisting Russ's offer to find her a steady, respectable job with his employer. She's so busy, she brings in Max to be her assistant. Lily gets caught in a feud between Sutherland and a rival crime boss and ends up with an incriminating picture that she tries to sell for $25,000. She ends up kidnapped and held captive in a warehouse, with Russ her one and only chance for a rescue and a fresh start."] ["Pushpa  is sold to a brothel in Calcutta by her village-uncle, Nepali Babu . On her audition at the brothel, Anand Babu , a businessman seeking love, is attracted by her singing. Anand Babu is unhappily married and lonely and becomes her regular and exclusive customer as love blossoms. Later a widowed man with his family, from the same village as her, moves in close to Pushpa's place. The new neighbour's son, Nandu, doesn't get any love at home, as his father works all the time and his stepmother doesn't care about him. Pushpa starts treating Nandu as her own son when she gets to know that he is from the same village as her. Once Nandu suffers from fever and his treatment is secretly financed by Anand babu on Pushpa's recommendation. The story revolves around Pushpa's great love for Anand Babu and Nandu. The story details how circumstances stop Pushpa from meeting them as people and society prejudges her. Several years later, Nandu grows up to become a government engineer posted in the same town. Nandu meets Anand babu, who takes him to meet Pushpa. In the end Nandu takes Pushpa home with him, like a son who is reunited with his long lost mother.Amar Prem - Synopsis"] ['Suzanne is a well to do married woman and mother in the south of France. Her idle bourgeois lifestyle gets her down and she decides to go back to work as a physiotherapist. Her husband agrees to fix up a consulting room for her in their backyard. When Suzanne and the man hired to do the building meet, the mutual attraction is sudden and violent. Suzanne decides to give up everything and live this all engulfing passion to the fullest.'] ["The film opens with a foreword: There are important fragments of life that have been avoided by the motion picture because Thought is concerned and not the Body. A thought can create and destroy nations&mdash;and it is all the more powerful because it is born of suffering, lives in silence, and dies when it has done its work. Our aim has been to photograph a thought&mdash;A thought that guides humans who crawl close to the earth&mdash;whose lives are simple&mdash;who begin nowhere and end nowhere. The &#34;humans who crawl close to the earth&#34; are then introduced one by one. The Boy is a homeless, unemployed youth who fancies The Girl. He is a failure, the intertitles explain, because he believes in failure. According to The Boy, there are two types of people in the world—the poor, helpless &#34;children of the mud&#34; and the rich, successful &#34;children of the sun&#34;—and he places himself somewhere in the middle. The Boy and The Girl live near a harbor and struggle to find food; eventually, they have to leave for the city: not only The Boy is unable to find a job, but also The Brute has been harassing The Girl, and The Boy is afraid of a direct confrontation. They leave, taking with them The Child, an orphan who lost his parents to an accident and was also a victim of The Brute. In the city The Girl catches the attention of The Gentleman. He offers the three protagonists lodgings and promises to find a job for The Boy. His real plan is, however, to not help The Boy and wait until The Girl has no other choice but to offer herself to him in exchange for money. The Boy does fail in his job search, but The Girl is reluctant to become a prostitute; at some point, The Gentleman decides to take the whole company to the country to &#34;let romance do a little work.&#34; He does that, but when he tries to seduce The Girl, The Boy finally finds courage to stand up for her. The Boy beats The Gentleman up and leaves together with The Girl and The Child; the intertitles proclaim that now that The Boy is no longer afraid and believes in himself, he belongs to the children of the sun: It isn't conditions, nor is it environment&mdash;our faith controls our lives! The film ends with The Boy, The Girl and The Child walking towards the sunset."] ['Pearl Chavez  is orphaned after her father Scott Chavez  kills her mother , having caught his wife with a lover . Before his execution, Chavez arranges for Pearl to live with his second cousin and old sweetheart, Laura Belle . Arriving by stagecoach, Pearl is met by Jesse McCanles , one of Laura Belle\'s two grown sons. He takes her to Spanish Bit, their enormous cattle ranch. The gentle and gracious Laura Belle is happy to welcome her to their home, but not so her husband, the wheelchair-using Senator Jackson McCanles , who calls her "a half-breed" and jealously despises her father. The second son, Lewt , is a ladies man with a personality quite unlike that of his gentlemanly brother Jesse. He expresses his interest in Pearl in direct terms and she takes a strong dislike to him. Laura Belle calls in Mr. Jubal Crabbe, the "Sinkiller" , a gun-toting preacher, to counsel Pearl on how to avoid the evils of temptation. Pearl is determined to remain "a good girl." When she is overpowered by Lewt in her bedroom one night, Pearl is angry with him and ashamed of her own behavior. But she also cannot help but be flattered by his lust and attentions. Jesse, meanwhile, is ostracized by his father and no longer welcome at the ranch after siding with railroad men, headed by Mr. Langford , against the Senator\'s personal interests. Jesse is in love with Pearl but he leaves for Austin to pursue a political career and becomes engaged to Helen Langford , Langford\'s daughter. Offended when Lewt reneges on a promise to marry her, Pearl takes up with Sam Pierce , a neighboring rancher who is smitten with her. She does not love him but says yes to his proposal. Before they can be married, however, Lewt picks a fight with Pierce in a saloon and guns him down. He insists that Pearl can belong only to him. However, Lewt becomes a wanted man. On the run from the law, Lewt finds time to derail a train and occasionally drop by the ranch late at night and foist his attentions on Pearl. She cannot resist her desire for him and lies for Lewt to the law, hiding him in her room. Laura Belle\'s health takes a turn for the worse and the Senator admits his love for her before she dies. Jesse returns to visit but is too late; his mother is dead. The Senator continues to shun him, as does Lewt, their family feud finally resulting in a showdown. Lewt tosses a gun to his unarmed brother but before it can be picked up, he shoots Jesse. The Senator\'s old friend, Lem Smoot ([[Harry Carey  tells him that Jesse is going to make it and the old man softens up towards his son. A livid Pearl is relieved that Jesse is going to survive. When Helen arrives, she invites Pearl to leave Spanish Bit forever and come live with them in Austin. Pearl agrees, but she is tipped off by one of the Spanish Bit hands, Sid  that Lewt intends to come after Jesse again. She arms herself and engages in a shootout with Lewt in the desert, where they die in each other\'s arms.'] ["Ernst Graeber is a German soldier stationed near the Russian-German border during the war's last days. He and fellow soldiers Steinbrenner and Hirschland are ordered to kill Russian civilians, but Hirschland commits suicide instead. Given his first furlough in two years, Ernst returns home to find his village bombed and parents gone. Elizabeth Kruse, daughter of his mother's doctor, tells him that her father is being held by the Gestapo as well. Constant air raids interrupt any peaceful moments Ernst and Elizabeth enjoy. An old friend, Binding, is a wealthy Nazi now and welcomes Ernst to his home. He prepares a feast for the wedding of Ernst and Elizabeth, who are now in love. And a sympathetic professor, Pohlmann, offers his help should the newlyweds decide to flee. Ernst is ordered back to the front. He finds Steinbrenner about to shoot civilians and kills him. Ernst frees the prisoners, but one nonetheless shoots him. He dies while reading a love letter from Elizabeth."] ["Harry Crystal  is a popular stage actor of the 1950s, and Artie Shoemaker  is an up-and-coming actor. During the fixing of props, Artie is almost fired for a big mistake; when Harry takes Artie under his wing, things get complicated. Adding to the situation is Harry's setting Artie up with sexy chorus Dancer Ramona ."] ['The film is a comedy of errors in which the sweetly incompetent Dr. Pietro Vignali  has been run deep into debt by his girlfriend, Loletta Prima . After his creditors threaten to sell his belongings, he takes a job as an orphanage health inspector to pay his debts and ends up engaged to wealthy Lilli, daughter of a mattress tycoon, and chased after by the orphan Teresa Venerdì, while trying to keep his life in order.'] ['Kim Jong-du, a salesman who believes that luck will change when he becomes a famous writer. However he is forced to give up after his story failed to win at a spring literature contest. Added to this is the fear that his girlfriend Joo-young will leave him. After Joo-young gets a job Jong-du realizes his mistakes that knows that she will never leave him.'] ["Tae-ju, a murderer serving a life sentence in prison, is given a temporary release to save the life of a seriously ill young girl, Se-hee, who suffers from Wilson's disease and desperately needs a liver transplant. Se-hee is the daughter of Yeong-woo, and old friend of Tae-ju's who is now a police officer. Upon discovering that Se-hee's now deceased mother was his ex-girlfriend, Tae-ju realises that he is in fact her biological father, and does everything he can to try and save her life."] ['A rich but slightly odd teenager has various adventures with his older brother leading him astray. One day while stealing a mannequin from a clothes store, he falls for the deaf female employee. The story follows their relationship as each of them learn from the others strengths and weaknesses.'] ["A young man  falls in love with a beautiful woman , but is prevented by his uncle  from pursuing her. Tormented by visions of death and suffering and deciding that murder is the way of things, the young man kills his uncle and builds a wall to hide the body. The young man's torment continues, this time caused by guilt over murdering his uncle, and he becomes sensitive to slight noises, like the tapping of a shoe or the crying of a bird. The ghost of his uncle begins appearing to him and, as he gradually loses his grip on reality, the police figure out what he has done and chase him down. In the ending sequence, we learn that the experience was all a dream and that his uncle is really alive."] ['Scott, a mounted Coast Guard officer, suffers from recurring nightmares involving a maritime tragedy. He sees himself immersed in an eerie landscape surrounded by a shipwreck and walking over skeletons at the bottom of the sea while a ghostly blond woman beckons him from afar. He thinks he is going mad. But at the same time, he decides to propose to Eve, a young woman working at Geddes, a local shipyard catering to the Coast Guard. She accepts. Eve has a strong resemblance to the ghostly blond of his nightmares. While riding by the seaside on his horse, Scott meets Peggy, a brunette, the mysterious wife of Tod, a blind painter. At first, though, he rides by her as she stands near a shipwreck protruding from the sand; she seems like an eerie echo from his nightmares. After a conversation, they discover that they share similar metaphysical anxieties. A bond develops between the two but the situation gets more tangled when Tod tries to befriend Scott. Tod\'s attitude toward Scott, apart from his friendship, is also ambivalent. The retired painter tries to test Peggy and Scott to gauge how far they could go in their relationship. Outwardly Tod seems confident; he even tells Peggy that he knows she could never leave him and that he finds Scott, a much younger man, virile but banal. However behind this facade lies a deeply wounded man who cannot come to terms with the fact that because of his blindness, he cannot paint any longer. In one exchange with Scott he tells him that dead painters\' works always appreciate in value. Indeed, he expects the value of his paintings to increase, considering he is now \'dead\' as a painter. Initially Scott is suspicious of Tod\'s motives; he also suspects that Tod is not blind. Scott is also increasingly interested in Peggy, who returns his attentions. During an outing that Scott sets up to test the painter, he moves Tod near the edge of a cliff, but then inadvertently lets him fall, thinking that he will be forced to see and therefore avoid the fall at the last minute. After this mishap, Tod eventually recovers. He at first thinks that Scott would now become his friend since the fall would remove any doubts about his true blindness. But soon after Tod exhibits abusive behavior toward Peggy when he realizes that she has hid his masterpiece, his portrait of her. Seeing this, Scott tries to protect her. As Scott grows more attracted to Peggy, he becomes ambivalent toward his earlier relationship with Eve Geddes. Eve in turn, sensing Scott\'s infatuation with Peggy, becomes distant and asks Scott to delay their marriage plans. The narrative reaches one climax when Scott attempts to drown both Tod and himself during a boat outing with him that started as a fishing trip. By trying to pierce the bottom of the boat, it\'s apparent that Scott has put himself in danger as well, since he would be swimming helpless in the stormy seas had he been successful at this attempt. This scene illustrates the degree of his desperation, if not madness. This attempt by Scott to drown Tod reveals the depth of his emotional attachment to Peggy. Scott\'s plan fails, however, because Peggy, who seemingly went along with his plan, has a change of heart and alerts the authorities. Both Tod and Scott are eventually rescued by the Coast Guard. Eve, part of the rescue team, echoes the metaphysical connection to the blonde of his undersea nightmare who beckoned Scott in his dreams. In the film\'s finale, Tod burns all his paintings along with the house he and Peggy lived in. Peggy frantically tries to stop Tod and save the paintings: they are worth a fortune. She fails, as Scott forces her out of the collapsing house. After they have moved safely away, Scott asks Tod why he did it. Tod says the paintings were a symbol of the obsession he had with his previous, sighted life. Now that Tod\'s obsession with his past has been purged, he is free to go on with his life. He asks Peggy to take him to New York, where they have happy memories of their earlier life together. Afterwards she may "do as she pleases". Peggy embraces Tod. Observing this, Scott leaves them.'] ['Ana, a young foreign governess, arrives to an isolated country estate in arid region of Castile, near Madrid. She has come to take charge of three little girls whose mother, Luchy, greets Ana upon arrival. While Ana is unpacking, José, an uncle of the girls, introduces himself as the voice of order and authority in the family. In case Ana runs into any problem she must go to him, he explains. A family dinner that evening allows Ana to meet her eccentric employers. The family consists of three middle age brothers , their ailing mother, Mama; Luchy, Juan’s wife, and the couple’s three daughters: Carlota, Victoria and Natalia. At night, Natalia wakes up screaming after a nightmare. Juan, the father of the three girls, lusting over Ana, takes advantage of the situation to enter her bedroom. Firmly but politely, she rejects his sexual advances. Dominated by an uncontrollable sex drive, the rejected Juan looks for consolation with Amparo, one of the maids. Surprisingly, Ana starts receiving erotic letters signed by a secret admirer who desires to be with her. They are delivered with rare postage from distance places each of them increasingly closer. José explains to Ana that he has not only opened and read those letter, but that he knows who has been sending them. Juan, he tells her, has been writing those letters using the family valuable collection of stamps to deceive her. José has set up a small museum of military dress in his study and he offers Ana his protection and some economical compensation if she takes care of the uniforms. Fernando, the most subdued of the three brothers, has moved out of the main house to establish his residence in a nearby cave where he practices mystical incantations in an effort to levitate. Fernando intrigues Ana the most. She is both appalled by him and attracted to his way of life, as if understanding why he wants to escape from the world Between bouts of epilepsy and gout, Mama remains the protectress of the family unit. When she and Ana engage in direct dialogue, the old dowager gives Ana a bit of the background of the three sons as she shows the governess their childhood clothing she has saved for years. “ You must be understanding with them” mama tells her, as Ana becomes interested in the absurdity of what has been happening. Ana now actively leads the three brothers on, playing to the fantasy life of each of the three men, at times, outwardly mocking them. Recruited to help José with his museum when he shots a flying bird to scare her, Ana is bemused and gives him a medal as a reward. Juan is so obsessed with Ana that at one point he sneaks into her bedroom to brush his teeth with her toothbrush. She is bemused by his antics. To embarrass him she makes him open and read out loud one of the letters. Later on she kisses him and asks him if he is willing to leave his wife for her. When he says yes, she scares him with calling his wife. Only with Fernando does Ana develop a more intimate, although still platonic relationship. The entire family goes to see Fernando at his cave. They are worried because he has refused to eat. Jose’s forces some food into his mouth, that later Ana retrieves, realizing that he has not swallowed it. The three girls looking for a missing doll find it finally buried in mud and with the hair cut off. The girls blamed the wolves. Ana reports the incident to Juan who explains that Fernando, who has fetish for hair, is the culprit. The presence of Ana becomes disturbing in that house to the extent that Luchy, Juan’s wife wants to kill herself. When it becomes apparent that Ana has been leading her sons on sowing doubts in their thinking and endangering the unity of the family, mama orders that she be dismissed. The three brothers waylay her on the road as she leaves the state. The three assault Anna. Forcing her to the ground, Fernando cuts off her hair; Juan rapes her; and José takes a pistol to her head and shoots her. The final freeze-frame is of Ana’s agonized face in gruesome close up.'] ["Paul Hewitt is an 18-year-old teenager and amateur photographer, leading an average life with his parents and sister Ella. He is a senior at high school and he is in the middle of making college decisions. His parents have always dreamed for him to become a doctor, but he isn't sure if he even wants go to college. One day, the family Hewitt receives a visit from mother Abby's friend Nina Talbert, whose mother recently died. Nina is a photographer as well, providing covers for music albums. Although being in a relationship with classmate Cindy, Paul immediately feels attracted to her. Nina, feeling lonely since trying to break up with her married boyfriend Robert, bonds with him. Abby notices this and convinces her to invite Paul to go with her to San Francisco, to look at a campus. There, the tension between them grows and they eventually make love with each other. Upon their return, Nina, not wanting to face the Hewitt family, plans on returning to New York City. This upsets Paul, who has fallen in love with her and he shows no interest in Cindy any longer. While he is spending the night with Nina, Abby goes into his darkroom and is shocked to only find photos of Nina. She decides to go to her place to confront her about is, and she is shocked to find her kissing Paul. Furious, she blames it all on Nina, slapping her. She forbids Paul to see Nina and considers calling the police. Upset, Paul decides to run away from home. Nina is later confronted for a second time, but she shows no remorse, explaining that she loves him. Paul is glad to hear that she will not leave to New York. When they decide to move in with each other, Abby is determined to do something about it. However, her husband Dennis tells her that trying to drive them apart will only make them wanting to see each other more. Soon, the news of their scandalous relationship is spread around his school, which makes Cindy breaking up with him. Meanwhile, Ella's sixteenth birthday is coming up. When she runs into Nina, she lies that she and Paul are welcome to visit her on her party. However, Abby is furious to see her and angrily sends her away. Ella feels that her party is ruined and tells her mother she hates her. She runs away from home, but is hit by a car. Although she recovers, the accident has a great deal of impact on Paul and Nina's relationship. She decides to leave him and return to New York, allowing him to reunite with his family. Abby eventually forgives Nina and accepts Paul's decision not to become a doctor."] ["Martha Hayes , a devoutly religious young woman from Québec's Côte-Nord who fancies herself as some kind of a saint, arrives in Montréal to serve as nanny to Russell , the son of a widowed business woman . Martha joins a church choir and becomes emotionally attracted to Father Michael Ferrier , an Augustian monk who has selected her to sing solo in an interfaith concert. When Russell accidentally dies, Martha suffers a crisis in faith and declares her love for Ferrier in the church. Ferrier reciprocates and leaves the order so they can live together with Martha singing to support them. But tormented by guilt for betraying her profound religious principles she immolates herself on a hill  overlooking Montréal."] ['Dewey Hoople  runs a broken down tourist trap along the Colorado River along with his French wife Babette  and his daughter Coral . Business is so bad that Hoople must pay a local alcoholic  to entice tourists, called "suckers", to spend some time and money there.'] ["Atalia, a 40-year old war widow, who lost her husband in the Six-Day War, lives in a kibbutz with her adolescent daughter. She is lonely and feels outcast, and eventually enters into a liaison with her daughter's classmate - Matti, an idealistic 19-year old boy who had been rejected by the army. The two find some happiness in each other's arms, but their love in foredoomed in the puritanical Kibbutz society."] ['In 1943, at the height of the World War II Battle of the Atlantic, Captain Pat Bannon, skipper of the fishing trawler Daniel Webster, unloads his catch in his home port of Gloucester, Massachusetts. He reluctantly agrees to transport Margaret McLean to Trabo, a small community in Newfoundland. Shorthanded, he hires Danish sailor Konrad, and the Daniel Webster sails for the Grand Banks fishing grounds. Once at sea, Holger reports that the radio has been sabotaged. As Bannon knows all of the crew well except for Konrad and fellow Dane Holger, he suspects one of them or even Margaret of being a German agent. Sailing at night in heavy fog, they hear gunfire. They search for survivors and come upon the damaged Den Magre Kvinde , a Danish square rigged sailing ship. She appears to have been damaged in a storm and then shelled. Aboard, they discover only the dazed Captain Skalder and a dead body. He claims that his crew abandoned ship in a storm, and that he was subsequently attacked by a U-boat. The Daniel Webster tows the stricken Kvinde to Trabo. Konrad is suspicious: he notes that the German gunfire hit above the waterline , and that while the tarpaulin covering the ship\'s boat is riddled with bullet holes, the boat itself is undamaged. Bannon and Konrad separately sneak below decks to search the hold. When they meet, Konrad has a pistol, but he gives it to Bannon to prove where his loyalties lay. They accidentally discover a second, hidden hold containing rack upon rack of torpedoes — the ship is a tender, covertly resupplying the U-boat "wolfpacks". They watch undetected as Holger enters the hold and uses a radio to signal the Germans. However, before the pair can alert the military, Skalder\'s crew arrives in boats, so they pretend they know nothing. Skalder plans to resupply the U-boats at Trabo. A Canadian flying boat lands in the harbor, and an officer inspects Skalder\'s papers. Finding nothing wrong, he informs Skalder that a corvette will arrive the next day to inspect his cargo. Bannon offers to leave one of his two Danish crewman as a witness, allowing him to rid himself of the spy Holger without arousing suspicion. Bannon leaves port, but once out of sight, one man remains aboard to sail to the nearest radio station, while Bannon and the rest take to the dories and return. Bannon sets up a night ambush; when the Germans come to take the villagers prisoner, the invaders are wiped out. Bannon and his men then set fire to the Kvinde under cover of darkness. In the resulting confusion, they board, overpower or kill the remainder of the crew, and free Margaret, who had been taken as a hostage. Skalder claims to have set the ship to blow up in twenty minutes. Bannon does not believe him, but takes the ship out to sea, intending to destroy her safely away from the village. He and his men rig some of the torpedoes to explode. The Kvinde is approached by two U-boats seeking supplies. Skalder manages to get a gun and wounds his guard, Konrad, before he is killed. Bannon helps Konrad into a boat and flees under German gunfire. When the ship explodes, the resulting wave swamps the submarines, sinking them.'] ["Lylah Clare  is a dead film star. Movie-producer Barney Sheean  hires Elsa Brinkmann , the living image of the late Lylah, to star in a film based on Clare's life. Barney hires director Lewis Zarkan , Lylah's former husband, to transform the talentless Elsa into a facsimile of the deceased screen queen.http://www.allmovie.com/work/the-legend-of-lylah-clare-99248"] ['Margaret "Marnie" Edgar  is a troubled young woman who has an unnatural fear and mistrust of men, thunderstorms, and the color red. She is also a thief. She uses her charms on Sidney Strutt  to get a job without references. Then late one night, she steals the contents of the company safe and disappears.  Mark Rutland , a widower who owns a large publishing company, is a customer of Strutt\'s. He learns about the theft from the victim, and remembers the woman. Unaware of this, Marnie applies for a job at Mark\'s company; he hires her and they begin to date. He too is robbed, but he tracks her down. He has fallen in love with her, and instead of handing her over to the police, blackmails her into marrying him. They leave on a honeymoon cruise. He finds out about her frigidity. At first, he respects her wishes, but later rapes her. The next morning, she attempts suicide by drowning in the ship\'s swimming pool, but Mark rescues her in time. Upon their return, Mark tries to discover the reason behind Marnie\'s behavior. In the end, they visit her mother, Bernice  in Baltimore, Maryland, and learn that she used to be a prostitute. When Marnie was six years old, one of Bernice\'s clients  had tried drunkenly to calm the child when she was frightened by a thunderstorm, petting her and kissing her. It seemed to Bernice that the sailor was molesting Marnie, so she attacked him. During the struggle the sailor fell on Bernice and and broke her leg. Seeing her mother struggling and in great pain, the child struck the sailor with a fireplace poker, killing him. The bloodshed led to her distrust of men and fear of the color red. Once the origin of her fears is revealed to her, she seems to decide that she wants to try to make her marriage work.'] ['The film starts off in an urban neighborhood in Queens, the events are narrated by Zacharias \'Ziggy\' Malone , who introduces his former classmates/friends at Lincoln High School: Lester DeWitt , who lost his father; and hard-working Latino student Stephanie Williams , who is ignoring Lester due to the fact that she does not want to go steady with him. Other characters include gangster/thug Rodney  who gets into fights with other students; rebellious classmate Lynn  who is already a couple of months pregnant; and Rivers , a close friend of Lester and Ziggy. The film later introduces police officer Dante Jackson  as he tries to arrest Lester after a misunderstanding, and Ken Knowles , a kind, warm-hearted teacher whose class covers significant 20th century events. When the classroom\'s windows are broken by rocks, Mr. Knowles takes them to the principal\'s office, where Principal Allen Armstrong  tells Knowles to take them "anywhere". Since there is no space anywhere in the school, Knowles and the kids go to a local diner, where a robbery takes place. Knowles confronts the robber, who was a former student that dropped out of school. Principal Armstrong is infuriated by what Knowles has done, and puts him on administrative leave. Lester, Stephanie and Ziggy are at the main office as Knowles leaves the school. Stephanie is disgusted that Principal Armstrong has ignored that he told Knowles to "take the class anywhere", Stephanie and Lester are suspended from school and Principal Armstrong calls in Officer Jackson to remove all of them. Ziggy decides to leave but Officer Jackson restrains him. This event is witnessed by other students at the school and soon everything turns into a small riot. Lester tries to resist Officer Jackson and loses, but Ziggy picks up Officer Jackson\'s dropped Glock 19 pistol and says "I [Ziggy] cannot go home." The reason for this, is because Ziggy has been physically abused by his father for many years. Officer Jackson tries to restrain Ziggy but gets accidentally shot in the leg as he grabs for his gun. Principal Armstrong tells school security to call an ambulance and the N.Y.P.D. in order to arrest Ziggy. Lester then grabs the gun and orders everyone to evacuate the school. This finally forces the N.Y.P.D. detectives to come in, led by Detective Audrey McDonald  as a negotiator. In the middle of all of this, there is a subplot in which Lynn berates Stephanie for being a "goody-two shoes", and a fight in the school\'s library that includes Rivers and Rodney, as well as Officer Jackson fleeing from Rodney and the others after knocking him out to use the bathroom. Another notable subplot was Ziggy showing everyone his artistic talents, such being a mural of himself and others on a classroom wall. Still waiting after a couple of hours, the group continues to hold Officer Dante Jackson against his will. Lester tells Dante about his how his father  was gunned down during a wrongful arrest. In the next few scenes, Rivers, Lynn, Rodney, Ziggy, Stephanie, and Lester are all becoming infamous across New York City, as they are exposed and identified on such networks such as BET, NBC, NY1 and CBS, as well as MTV, as well being announced on radio. Debate continues as the events taking place, until Detective McDonald and her colleague  debate on getting the kids something, which after several hours of stalling, the electricity being shut down at the school and the SWAT team busting in on the others as Lester takes Officer Jackson on top of the roof, and resents for what has happened to his father, Officer Jackson says its gonna be okay, with the police up in the helicopter, it goes horribly wrong when Ziggy comes to the roof and is shot down by the police. The remaining surviving teens are taken into custody shortly after. At the film reaches it\'s climax, The narrator tells about what happened to the kids and officer: Officer Jackson testified in court and falsely told lawyers that the whole thing it not go down as the media have protrayed it. This giving the kids a less sentence. Lester, spent two years in state prison and has gone off to a city college, Stephanie spent one year in prison and went to study at St. John\'s University, Lynn was sentenced to one year in prison, but was released earlier due to having her baby boy  and is never heard from again, Rodney spends an unknown amount of time in prison and becomes a Muslim, Rivers is forced to join the military, due to the judge having him spent years in prison due to his priors or join the army. Mr. Knowles has been rehired back to the school and still teaches history. The end also shows Lester and Stephanie looking a painting that was crafted by Ziggy, just before he was killed.'] ['A trio of impoverished children living in rural Mississippi find that they must make a heart-wrenching decision between traveling down the paths taken by their doomed families and confronting the harsh realities that arise over time.'] ["Lew Marsh is a good newspaper reporter with a bad habit; he drinks too much and is fired. He also loses the woman he loves, colleague Paula Arnold, after passing out drunk one day in the street. An ex-alcoholic, Charley Dolan, takes pity on Lew, offering him a room at his apartment and finding him a job with a construction crew. Lew is tempted to have a drink when he learns that Paula has married another man, Boyd Copeland, the nephew of Lew's former boss at the newspaper, John Ives. Ives gives the newly sober Lew a second chance at the paper. Many months pass, during which time Lew not only remains sober but is helpful to others with the same weakness. This comes to the attention of Ives, who is worried about Boyd's increased drinking. Lew learns that Boyd has been unfaithful to Paula, taking up with a singer named Maria who is loved by a jealous gangster named Garr. To help, Lew invites Boyd to come live with Charley and him. He also helps the lonely Paula return to work for the newspaper, secretly hoping that she will fall in love with him again. Garr and a henchman rig a car in a bid to murder Boyd, but end up killing Charley by mistake. A depressed Lew feels responsible and tries to commit suicide. Boyd gets in touch with Maria, but they are being followed by Garr and another thug. At gunpoint, Boyd and Lew are ordered to drink by Garr, who intends to make their murders look accidental, but they get the upper hand on Garr and it is the mobster who is killed. Boyd is able to persuade Paula to give their marriage another try. Lew is pleased for them, satisfied to be sober and working again."] [" Two families live next to one another in a French village on the eve of World War I. The Boy in one of the families falls for the only daughter in the other family. As they make preparations for marriage, World War I breaks out, and, although the Boy is American, he feels he should fight for the country in which he lives. When the French retreat, the village is shelled. The Boy's father and the Girl's mother and grandmother are killed. The Girl, deranged, wanders aimlessly through the battlefield and comes upon the Boy badly wounded and unconscious. She finds her way back to the village where she is nursed back to health by The Little Disturber who had previously been a rival for the Boy's affections. The Boy is carried off by the Red Cross. Upon his recovery, the Boy, disguised as a German officer, infiltrates the enemy occupied village, finds the Girl, and the two of them must kill a German sergeant who has discovered them. Von Strohm, by whom the Girl had narrowly escaped rape earlier in the story, discovers the dead sergeant and locates the Boy and Girl who are locked in an upper room at the inn. It's a race against time with the Germans trying to break the door down as the French return to retake the village."] ['On Falconhurst, a run-down plantation owned by the widowed Warren Maxwell  and his son Hammond , a Mandingo slave Ganymede, or Mede , is trained to fight other slaves. Hammond neglects his wife Blanche ([[Susan George , whom he rejects on their wedding night after discovering she was not a virgin. Hammond instead ravishes his slave Ellen , while Blanche seduces Mede. These various, conflicting affairs all eventually come together causing the film to end tragically.'] ["There's Always Vanilla follows the life of Chris Bradley  a retired U.S. Army soldier who has become a drifter and makes money by various means, from pimping to guitar playing. Chris returns to his home city of Pittsburgh and visits his father who owns and operates a baby food factory. After an evening of drinking at a local bar, and visiting an old girlfriend named Terri Terrific , Mr. Bradley wants Chris to abandon his bohmeian lifestyle and do what was agreed upon when he retired from the military; return to the family business, but Chris refuses. At a local train station, Chris meets Lynn  a beautiful young woman who works as a model and actress in local TV commercials. Chris charms his way into Lynn's life and moves in with her. At first their relationship is a pleasant escape from daily life, but when Lynn starts to resent supporting the freeloading Chris, she motivates him into getting a steady job. Lynn learns that she's pregnant and decides to get an abortion without telling Chris and knowing how irresponsible he is. Chris lands a job at a small advertising firm but when he's given an account to advertise enlistments for the U.S. Army, he quits out of his resentment of military past. Meanwhile, Lynn cannot bring herself to have an abortion, she abandons Chris, and moves in with a high school boyfriend who agrees to marry her and raise the baby as his own. His romance with Lynn ruined and his lifestyle destroyed, Chris swallows his pride and moves back in with his father, still unable to decide what to do with his life, but believing he ultimately must accept the old values like his father has. Chris has more encouragement after a talk at dinner at a Howard Johnson's with his father where he tells Chris life is like an ice cream parlor, and that of all of life's most exotic flavors to choose from, there's always vanilla to fall back on."] ["Set in 16th century India, this movie depicts the story of two girls who were raised together, though they came from different social classes. Tara  is an upper-caste princess while Maya  is her beautiful servant. The two girls are best friends until they get old enough for marriage. Tara is prepared to marry Prince Raj Singh , but Maya is forced into the role of the inferior servant. This culminates in an argument, where Tara reminds Maya of her low position in life. Resentful, Maya decides to take revenge when she chances on Raj alone. She sleeps with Raj, but unknown to both, Tara's hunchback brother, Prince Vikram aka Viki, hides and watches the two of them engage in sexual intercourse. He becomes crushed that his childhood infatuation slept with his brother-in-law. As Tara is leaving home as a newly-wedded bride to Raj, Maya tells her that just as Maya wore the princess's used clothes all her life, Tara will now have something Maya has used. To save Maya's honor, Viki sends a marriage proposal for her. When she refuses, he brands her as a whore, and she is forced to leave her home. Wandering on her own, she meets a young stone sculptor, Jai Kumar . Realizing she has nowhere to stay, Jai takes her to an older woman named Rasa Devi , who is a teacher of the Kama Sutra, the ancient art of seduction and making love. Maya begins a romantic relationship with Jai that is abruptly halted when he realizes he might not be able to work properly with Maya consuming his thoughts. Maya seeks comfort with Rasa Devi, making the decision to learn the courtesan's art. Raj, now the king, recognizes the visage as Maya's in one of Jai's sculptures. He dispatches his attendants to find Tara and succeeds. Maya is then delivered to the King as his new concubine. Soon after, Raj and Jai have a friendly wrestling competition, in which Jai wins but also gets the King's favor. Jai then learns of Maya's new status as favored concubine. In the meantime, the threat of an invading Shah inches closer. As Raj descends deeper into debauchery, he becomes irresponsible with his duties as King. He insults Viki sexually and for his hunchback. In retaliation, Viki writes a letter to the Shah to rid the kingdom of Raj, who now taxes the poor for his own pleasure. Jai and Maya resuscitate their love and get married. The two begin meeting in secret, as tensions between Jai and Raj grow. Raj later catches the two lovers together, and sentences Jai to death. Maya realizes that she must make difficult choices as she finds she must either accept her role as concubine to the King, or help her loved ones, who are headed down their own paths of destruction, all because of her presence in their lives. After finding Tara in the midst of a suicide attempt, Maya and Tara reconcile. Maya then teaches Tara how to seduce the King, while Tara promises to help Maya escape to visit Jai. However, when Tara goes to her husband, she tells him that she doesn't love him enough to hate him, and leaves. Maya leaves the castle and visits Jai one last time. She cuts her hair, symbolizing the end of their marriage. Maya then tries her best to make Raj free Jai by promising him everything. But knowing he can't have her heart, he rejects her plea. Just before the execution, a box arrives from the Shah, holidng the severed head of the grand vizier. Jai is killed, while Maya watches from the crowd. She leaves, just as the Shah's army arrives. Viki, riding with the army, sees Maya and calls to her, but she doesn't respond. She walks away alone, with new wisdom and strength, a heart 'as open as the sky'."] ["Two schoolteachers, married for love, are parted by the husband's obsessive desire for wealth and social position."] ["Chow Yun-fat plays Ah-Long, a father living a low-class lifestyle, while trying to raise his son, Porky . The son's mother, Ah-Long's ex-girlfriend  returns from the United States with a boyfriend knowing she has a son wants to reunit with her son. Ah-Long dies in a motorbike racing accident."] ["An unemployed young man named Deepak  saves Aarti Gupta , a hardworking and dedicated doctor, from drowning, and the two eventually fall in love with each other, although she is already engaged to Dr. Prakash . Although Aarti's father firmly disapproves of this relationship, Deepak and Aarti marry. She moves in with him and his family, which includes his brother, Niranjan , his sister-in-law, Jaswanti , their three children, and Deepak's father . That leaves the humiliated Prakash determined to get Aarti back, whatever he may have to do. He manages to bring a discord in their marital life, so much so that Deepak asks Aarti to leave, and she returns home to her father. This is followed by Deepak having a serious accident, when Prakash is the only surgeon who can operate on him. He agrees to operate on him only if Aarti promises to come back to him and forget her husband."] ['The film begins with a quick flashback into the life of Bharti Rai , the daughter of Chief Minister Ramnath Rai . Influenced by leftist ideology, she rebels against her father and joins the rival party of leftist leader Bhaskar Sanyal . Bharti develops an illicit relationship with Bhaskar, who, guilt-ridden over taking advantage of the younger woman, leaves for parts unknown, having unwittingly gotten Bharti pregnant. Upon the child\'s birth, he is abandoned in a boat by Brij Gopal , Bharti\'s brother. Bharti later marries Chandra Pratap , the younger brother of Bhanu Pratap . Bhanu leads the Rashtrawadi political party. The story then shifts to present, where, the government in the state collapses and Bhanu suffers a stroke. In the hospital, he hands over power to his brother Chandra. Chandra\'s son, Prithviraj Pratap  tries to take advantage of his father\'s power and starts to impose his own decisions on the party, which results in a clash with Veerendra Pratap . Chandra also starts to take side with his son, sidelining Veerendra. When Prithvi rejects the nomination of a local leader, Sooraj Kumar , who is chosen by the common people, Veerendra gives his support to Sooraj. Unknown to all, Sooraj is Bharti\'s abandoned son, who was found and raised by Pratap family\'s driver. When Chandra and Prithvi try to kick Veerendra out of his own father\'s party, he asks Sooraj for help. Sooraj ends up assassinating Chandra in his car, while he is returning from the airport after seeing off his younger son, Samar Pratap . In an ensuing drama, Prithvi is arrested by police under the influence of Veerendra and put on trial for a true case of raping a woman party worker . Samar comes to the rescue and tricks Veerendra into dropping all charges upon his brother, promising that his brother will resign and that he will move with his family to the U.S.. However, Samar does not keep his promise and he, along with Prithvi, begins rallying public support. After Bhanu officially expels Prithvi, the latter splits from the Rashtrawadi party and contests elections under "Jana Shakti party", a new party with Gopal as his mentor and Samar as the executive. Meanwhile Samar\'s American girlfriend Sarah ([[Sarah Thompson  arrives in India to see the situation. To raise funds for the new party, Samar shrewdly ensures Prithvi\'s marriage to their childhood friend Indu , the daughter of a powerful businessman. Indu had always loved Samar, however, Samar only thought of Indu as a friend and loved Sarah. The film gets murkier with both sides trying every trick to ensure their victory in upcoming elections. Allegations and counter-allegations are made. Subsequently, Samar uncovers that the real murderers of his father are Sooraj and Veerendra, and decides to take revenge. On the other hand, Prithvi executes the former police officer, who had arrested him, and the woman worker at a farmhouse. Veerendra again seeks help from Sooraj and Sooraj makes a plan to assassinate Samar, being aware that Samar was behind all the tricks. Amidst of all the events, Indu realizes her love for Prithvi and Prithvi accepts her love in return. Also, Sarah is revealed to be pregnant with Samar\'s child and Samar promises Sarah that he will go to America with her and leave politics. A car bomb is planted in Samar\'s car. Prithvi goes to save Samar and Sarah, who were to be dropped off at the airport in that car. He manages to save Samar but gets killed while trying to save Sarah in vain. Devastated by the loss of his brother and girlfriend, Samar decides to retaliate. He suggests Indu to take the reins of the party and arranges the election campaign single-handedly. Meanwhile, Sooraj is revealed to be the first child of Bharti, who implores him to join his younger brother Samar. Sooraj refuses to part ways with Veerendra and asks his mother to leave. Exit polls predict a victory for Indu\'s Party and on the counting day, Samar lures Veerendra and Sooraj to an unused factory by spreading a rumor about electronic voting machine being hacked. Veerendra and Sooraj fall in the trap and Veerendra gets shot by Samar and his men. Sooraj requests Samar to leave him and Veerendra till they reach the hospital, but Veerendra dies on the way. Gopal prompts Samar to shoot Sooraj who questions the morality of the act, but Gopal convinces him to take the revenge. Samar shoots Sooraj and takes the revenge for the destruction of his family. Later the election results are declared, and Indu emerges with majority and is made Chief Minister. Samar is seen asking forgiveness and is seen attempting reconciliation with Indu. Explaining his decision to return to America, he reflects that he always wanted to stay away from politics as politics is a game that brings out the "inner devil" . Indu is also revealed to be pregnant with Prithvi\'s child, while Samar leaves India to look after Sarah\'s mother and settle there.'] ['Captain Fitzgerald , a retired guardsman on a modest pension, has to support three daughters: Theodora  and her older half-sisters. Theodora\'s sisters pin their hopes on her marrying a wealthy man. One day, Theodora goes out on a rowboat off the coast of Dorset and falls into the water. She is rescued by Lord Hector Bracondale . He is young, handsome and wealthy, but "not the marrying kind". Out of a sense of duty to her beloved father, she reluctantly agrees to wed the middle-aged, short, stout Josiah Brown , a former grocer\'s assistant who is now a multi-millionaire. They honeymoon in the Alps. By coincidence, Bracondale stops at the same inn. Rich American widow Jane McBride  persuades the young bride to accompany her on a climbing excursion. Theodora slips and dangles precariously by her safety line over a cliff. Bracondale appears and climbs down to her, but they are too heavy for the others to pull up. Bracondale has them lower him and Theodora to a ledge below. While they wait for more help to arrive, Theodora tells Bracondale  where they last met. They meet a third time in Paris, and finally acknowledge their love for each other. However, Theodora refuses to run away with Bracondale. Bracondale strives to do the right thing. He asks his sister, Lady Anningford , to befriend Theodora. Lady Anningford invites the Browns to her country estate. Bracondale, however, cannot stay away. He tries once again to persuade Theodora to change her mind, without success. Meanwhile, Josiah is persuaded by another guest, renowned explorer Sir Lionel Grey, to fund his dangerous expedition. Bracondale leaves, and Josiah is called away on business. Theodora writes a letter to each; to Bracondale, she declares her love, but stresses once more that it cannot be fulfilled. Morella Winmarleigh , who desires Bracondale for herself, secretly opens the letters and, after perusing them, switches them. After Bracondale reads the message meant for Josiah, he rushes to stop Josiah from reading his, but is too late. Josiah accuses Bracondale of stealing his wife, but the nobleman denies that Theodora has been unfaithful. After further consideration, Josiah decides to put his wife\'s happiness ahead of his own and joins Grey\'s expedition to Northern Africa. His death makes it possible for the young lovers to be together.'] ["Amantha Starr  is the privileged daughter of a Kentucky plantation owner. However, after he dies, a shocking secret is revealed: unbeknownst to Amantha, her mother had been one of her father's black slaves. Legally now property, she is taken by a slave trader to New Orleans to be sold. On the riverboat ride there, he makes it clear that he intends to sleep with her, but desists when she tries to hang herself; as a beautiful, cultured young woman who can pass for white, she is far too valuable to risk losing. Amantha is put up for auction. When she is callously inspected by a coarse potential buyer, she is rescued from further humiliation by Hamish Bond , who outbids the cad, paying an exorbitant price for her. Expecting the worst, Amantha is surprised to be treated as a lady, not a slave, by her new owner. At his city mansion, she meets his key slaves, his housekeeper  Michele  and his conflicted right-hand-man Rau-Ru . Rau-Ru is grateful for the kindness, education and trust Hamish has bestowed on him, but hates him anyway. As time goes on, Amantha and Hamish fall in love. He arranges to send her to freedom in the North, but she decides to remain with him. To complicate matters further, Hamish harbors a terrible secret from his past that troubles his conscience. Then, the Civil War breaks out, and New Orleans eventually falls to the Union. Hamish becomes a wanted man when he joins the other plantation owners in burning their crops in defiance. He and Amantha are helped to escape by Rau-Ru, who had fled and joined the Union Army."] ["In Richmond, Virginia, Asa  and Lavinia   Timberlake gave their two daughters male names: Roy  and Stanley . The movie opens with the young women as adults. Asa Timberlake has recently lost his piece of a tobacco company to his former partner William Fitzroy , his wife's brother. Roy, a successful interior decorator, is married to Dr. Peter Kingsmill . Stanley Timberlake is engaged to attorney Craig Fleming . The night before her wedding, Stanley runs off with her sister's husband Peter. After Roy divorces him, Peter and Stanley marry and move to Baltimore. Roy encounters Fleming again after some time and they begin dating. He hires Parry Clay ([[Ernest Anderson  to work in his law office while the young man attends law school. Clay is the son of the Timberlake parents' family maid, Minerva Clay . William Fitzroy, Lavinia's brother and Asa's former partner in a tobacco business, dotes on his niece Stanley and gives her expensive presents. He says he will retain Fleming as his attorney if he agrees to stop representing poor clients. When Fleming refuses, Roy Timberlake is impressed and decides to accept him in marriage. In Baltimore, Stanley and Peter's marriage suffers from his heavy drinking and her excessive spending. Peter commits suicide. Shaken, Stanley returns to her home town with Roy. After she recovers, Stanley decides to win back Fleming. While discussing her late husband's life insurance with Fleming at his office, Stanley invites him to join her later for dinner. When he fails to come to the restaurant, she becomes drunk. While driving home, she hits and kills a child. Witnesses recognize Stanley's car and the police go to question her. Stanley insists she had loaned her car to Parry Clay the night of the accident. Minerva Clay tells Roy that her son was home with her all evening. Stanley refuses to admit her responsibility although Roy arranges for her to see Clay at the jail . Later Fleming tells her he has already questioned the bartender at the restaurant and knows Stanley left drunk. Fleming plans to take Stanley to the district attorney, but she escapes to her uncle's house and pleads for his help. Having just discovered he has only six months to live, Fitzroy is too distraught to do anything. The police arrive at Fitzroy's house and Stanley leaves; in trying to escape, she crashes her car and is killed."] ['{{Plot}} The teenage members of a group of self-proclaimed pacifists decide to carry guns. They call themselves The Dandies. Their club is assembled from the young misfits in a fictional small American mining town, Electric Park. It is started after the main character, Dick Dandelion , buys what he thinks is a toy gun as a gift. His co-worker tells him the gun is real, and the two start shooting and studying in their spare time. They later recruit other outcasts, young men  who do not, or cannot, work in the mine, including one boy in leg braces and his younger brother Freddie. The film is framed by Dick\'s voiceover, resembling a love letter to his gun Wendy. He is the leader of the group , and tells them that their group is a "social experiment" and will reveal their true nature. The script shares characteristics with earlier von Trier scripts, depicting violence and race relations in the United States in a highly stylized, exaggerated manner and mixing realistic and fantastic elements. Though more substantial than the bare sound stage of Dogville, Electric Park is reminiscent of a western set on the back lot of a movie studio. The Dandies spend most of their time on this one block or in an abandoned mining shaft that they decorate and call the Temple. The Dandies have several quirks and idiosyncratic rules. A Dandy may never brandish his weapon in public, but instead gains self-confidence simply knowing he is carrying a concealed weapon. As a badge of membership, they cultivate a \'Brideshead Stutter\' . They refuse to say the word \'killing\' and instead refer to it as \'loving.\' They live up to their name, Dandies, by dressing in colourful, outdated clothing, including vests, long jackets and hats. Though they regularly shoot targets , they spend just as much time playing gun-related games, watching instructional videos and studying diagrams. They use their own personal guns, all antiques with names and back stories, more as props than weapons. Even when they do load and shoot their weapons, they favour style over function . Most of the characters in the film are white, save for two: Clarabelle, Dick\'s loving childhood nanny, and her grandson Sebastian. Sebastian shows up at Dick\'s house one day with the town sheriff . He has been put on probation for a weapons-related crime  and has to regularly check in with Dick, whom the sheriff judges to be a good role model. The irony being that Dick and the Dandies spend all of their time using guns. Dick allows Sebastian to break probation and asks him to join the Dandies (Dick sees it as a bit of a [[Pygmalion , but only if he does everything on their terms. One day, Sebastian gives them a suspicious box full of guns, and soon breaks a club rule by firing another member\'s gun. Dick complains that Sebastian is "ruining it for everyone." The group\'s sole female member, Susan , takes a shine to Sebastian and this threatens Dick. Freddie suggests that she likes "big schlongs." Like Dick, she lost a parent early on in the film though it doesn\'t seem to disturb her. Most of the film plays out like a child\'s game of cops and robbers or cowboys and Indians, and most of the non-Dandies portrayed are police officers and faceless miners. Sebastian\'s natural manner is in stark contrast to the affectations of the Dandies, especially the awkward poetry of Dick\'s voiceover. He speaks like a regular teenager and seems out of place in the one-block world of Electric Park. He points out their oddities, including their strange clothing. He is an outsider among outsiders, but still enlisted in the group. Sebastian tells Dick that he and his friends carry guns because they\'re scared, that everyone is scared. He tells them that his grandmother, Dick\'s former nanny, is too scared of "the gangs" to even leave her home . Like a good Boy Scout, Dick devises a sort of war plan for assisting Clarabelle on her yearly visit to her cousin\'s. He believes it is the "decent American" thing to do. The Dandies accompany Clarabelle on her walk, but she becomes panicked when they encounter a deputy sheriff. There is a scuffle, he tries to help out and the old lady ends up shooting the deputy. The sheriff asks the Dandies to hand over Clarabelle, even telling them they can keep their guns if they do so. He tells the boys that they are what the country is made of. The Dandies notice his automatic gun, which Dick calls "treacherous," and sense that they are being set up just as several other police officers appear. The Dandies flee to the Temple to hide. Now outlaws, the Dandies decide to take Clarabelle to her cousin\'s once and for all. Their decision is based more on principle than practicality, and it is clear that they are willing to martyr themselves. They treat it as a suicide mission, cutting themselves ceremonially and donning their fanciest clothes. Sebastian discovers Dick\'s now-finished letter to Wendy, which ends with the coded threat: "And now, it\'s the time of the season for loving" . They head outside one by one, armed, to face the team of shotgun-toting police officers assembled by a legion of squad cars. The first to go, Huey , tells them "We\'re not interested in shooting anybody, so don\'t make us." The Marshall arrives and tells Huey to "Drop the pathetic gun right this minute." He is promptly shot by Huey, who smiles and announces "Officer d-d-down I\'m afraid!" before hobbling into gunfire. Huey discovers that he can walk fine without his crutches just as he\'s gunned down. Meanwhile, a bullet ricochets and hits Clarabelle in the leg as the Dandies continue attempting to escort her to her cousin\'s house . Dick realizes that there is a sniper in their midst and sets on shooting the offender down. Susan is the next to shoot, using both of her guns and her carefully honed ricochet method. All the while, white lines and numbers on the screen graphically depicting the trajectories of the Dandies\' shots. Susan is shot in the head. Stevie and his gun Badsteel come to her defence and he is shot in the heart. Sebastian asks Dick "What happened?" and a series of morgue photographs flash across the screen. Only Sebastian, Dick and Freddie remain. The three attempt to drag Clarabelle to safety. Freddie is the next to go. He has tied a cord around his testicles, a tactic with roots in Native American history that he championed earlier on, and grabs his crotch before getting up and firing. He is quickly shot down, rises, then is shot several more times. Clarabelle stirs and Dick is hit as he comes to her aid, though he manages to get her all the way to her cousin\'s house. While he is inside, police officers are scanning the windows and lining him up in their guns\' sights. Sebastian remains outside, unharmed and hidden by the door of a police car. He sees Dick\'s gun, the one he called Wendy, lying in the street and recalls a line of Dick\'s letter: "Dear Wendy, I always dreamed that if someone were to make that final exit wound in me, it should be you. My saviour." He grabs the gun and then runs inside the home of his grandmother\'s cousin. He goes upstairs and shoots Dick in the back, mouthing "Dick, [unknown]?" Dick resembles a pilgrim as he turns around in his buckle hat. His life, at least that which was contained by the film, flashes before his eyes. He examines the exit wound and whispers "Wendy." The police on the roof across the street shoot up the windows and, mostly likely, Sebastian. All the while, the "Battle Hymn of the Republic" plays in the background. The film features many tracks by the 1960s pop-rock band The Zombies, including "She\'s Not There", "Time of the Season". Dick\'s final words to Wendy in his letter, "it\'s the time of the season for loving" is a quote from the latter song.'] ["The movie broke into the following chapters: #Love's Young Dream. #An Insult. The Traitor. #The Secret Marriage. Arrest of Dennis Blake. #Transported for Life. #Botany Bay Settlement. #On the Triangle. The Recognition. #The Mark of the Lash. #The Confession. Kind-Hearted Warder. #A Sensational Escape. #A Cold Bath. The Police Baffled. #Black Sal's Strategy. #Rescue of the Governor's Daughter. #Acquitted. #A Good Friend. The Dismissal of Captain Morley.{{cite news}}"] ['Robert and Mamie Eunson ([[Cameron Mitchell  are Scots who have just landed in America , having been invited there by Mamie\'s uncle. They arrive in the tiny logging village of Eureka, only to be informed that both uncle and his cabin have been incinerated in a house fire. The Eunsons are assisted by the friendly locals in reconstructing the house and Robert takes to tipping timber. Mamie is heavily pregnant upon their reaching Eureka; she delivers baby Robbie  soon after the cabin is completed. Robert eventually starts a successful boat building business and Mamie gives birth to five more children: Jimmy , Kirk , Annabelle , Elizabeth , and Jane . The Eunsons are prospering and happy—until little Kirk is diagnosed with diphtheria. Mamie and Kirk are quarantined while Robert takes the other children away. The boy recovers, but the goodbye kiss he gave Dadda before his departure proves fatal, and Mr. Eunson succumbs. Mamie takes to working as a seamstress and Robbie becomes the man of the house. Things stabilize, but only briefly: tired and work-worn, Mamie contracts typhoid. Knowing she will not survive, she charges her eldest with finding good homes for his siblings. After her death, Robbie places his brothers and sisters with kindly townsfolk as Christmas approaches. Stoic and resigned during the process, he does break down when he is alone and sees the tree outside the homestead where his father had carved the names of the children into the bark. Baby Jane is the last to be handed over—Robbie stands at the door of a house and asks the woman who answers, "Please, ma\'am, I was wondering if you\'d care to have my sister."'] ['Arden Stuart  believes that a single standard of conduct should apply to both sexes. She strives for a combination of freedom, equality, and honesty in love. Her first attempt is with chauffeur Anthony Kendall, who is secretly a disillusioned "ace aviator" and son of a lord. However their romance ends in disaster; he commits suicide when he is fired because of it. Her longtime admirer Tommy Hewlett  wants to marry her, but Arden finds fulfillment in a chance encounter with Packy Cannon , a wealthy ex-prizefighter turned painter. He had planned to cruise the South Seas on his yacht alone, but she impulsively goes with him. After months of idyllic bliss however, he turns around and takes her home, explaining that he needs his full attention for his painting. Though Tommy knows of Arden\'s love for Packy, he begs her to marry him anyway. She agrees. Several years go by, and they have a much-beloved son. However, Packy returns and admits to Arden that he could not stop thinking about her. She is swept away and agrees to sail away with him. Tommy confronts his rival with a gun; he orders Packy to pretend to reject Arden, promising to arrange a hunting "accident" for himself, so that Arden can be with Packy without a scandal that would hurt his son. Meanwhile, Arden comes to realize that their child means more to her than anyone else. She tells Packy she cannot go with him. Tommy, unaware of this latest development, arranges his shooting accident, but Arden figures it out in time.'] ["Coach Dudley  is a hard-driving college football coach, who strives to shape the character of his players, transforming them into real men. Unfortunately, the Coach's son, Bob , who plays for him, hates sports and participates only because he is forced to do so. Bob lets his team down through cowardice and laziness and as a result is rejected by his father, his college sweetheart Dorothy , and his school. Bob joins a rival college team with the plan to defeat his father's team. In the end, Bob pulls himself together to win the Big Game, proving himself worthy of his father's name."] ['A melodrama about refugees existing on the black market surrounding the Yongsan U.S. army base after the Korean War.Synopsis from {{cite web}}'] ["A man kills his lover's husband in self-defence and hides the body rather than turn himself in to the police. Then another man is arrested for murder."] ["{{Plot}} Husband and wife Rawdon  and Miranda  are soulmates. Their love for each other is palpable as they lie in bed treasuring their 6 month old daughter Quincey. Miranda fantasizes about the speech she plans to make when, one day in their future, she will give this tiny infant away at her wedding. Tragically, when Quincey is 3, Miranda is killed in a car accident and Rawdon is left alone, unmoored, to continue life without the love of his life. Fortunately Rawdon still has Quincey. Staying as strong as he can he takes her to the roof of a skyscraper and explains that Mommy is now an angel. It is up here that for the first time they see a vision of Miranda as an angel. Rawdon continues to see visions of her. Initially these visions help him—at home she gives him advice about parenting; in Portugal she softens his hardness; when he hides in the closet to isolate himself she snaps some sense into him and insists that Rawdon keep her mother, father and brother—Quincey's Grandparents  and Uncle Jack  – firmly in Quincey's life. Rawdon explains these visions to his therapist Paula  as she helps him with the long grieving process and over a period of years, with Quincey growing before our eyes, Rawdon tries to move on with his life. He tries to date other women. Disastrously. He falls instantly in love with Sam  who ends up becoming his good friend and a surrogate Aunt to Quincey. He dates other including Kimberly  who Quincey wisely suggests is far better suited to her Uncle Jack. And she is right. When Jack and Kimberly get married, Rawdon is their best man. All the while Miranda's metaphysical presence is with him. He goes from needing her, to blaming her, being angry at her. But for a long, long time he won't let her go away. Part of him wants her to stay alive in his imagination forever and gradually this presence that helped him initially eventually becomes an impediment to his moving on in life. In contrast to her Dad's stagnation, Quincey is growing up fast , and in no time she is dating, stealing cars, trying to set her Dad up with her best friend's divorced Moms, going off to University and falling in love with a Frenchman named Philippe. It is not until Rawdon finally plucks up the courage to ask out somebody who might just be right for him that he finally, tearfully, asks Miranda to leave him. This is ultimately a coming of age story. We watch Quincey literally come of age whilst her father, emotionally, comes of age. He eventually gives up the now stultifying memory of his dead wife and arrives at a new beginning. The end of this story is also the beginning of another where Rawdon, surrounded by the people he loves—but without Miranda—finds himself giving Quincey away at her wedding to Philippe. And here he makes the speech that Miranda made in bed with him and Quincey so many years before."] ["Once an established movie star, Jack Andrus has hit rock bottom. An alcoholic, he has been divorced by wife Carlotta, has barely survived a car crash and has spent three years in a sanitarium recovering from a nervous breakdown. Maurice Kruger, a film director who once was something of a mentor to Andrus, is also a has-been now. However, he has landed a job in Italy, directing a movie that stars a handsome, up-and-coming young actor, Davie Drew. Andrus is offered a chance to come to Rome and play a role in Kruger's new film. He is crestfallen upon arriving when told that the part is no longer available to him. Kruger's mean-spirited wife, Clara, doesn't pity him a bit, but Andrus is invited to take a lesser job assisting at Cinecitta Studio with the dubbing of the actors' lines. While working, he socializes with the beautiful Veronica, but she actually is in love with Drew. The actor is having a great deal of difficulty with his part and the movie is already over budget and behind schedule. Kruger's stress also is increased by the constant harping of Clara, resulting in a heart attack that sends the director to the hospital. Andrus is asked to take over the director's chair and complete the film. Glad to do this favor for Kruger, he takes charge and gets the film back on schedule. The actors respond to him so much that Drew's representatives tell Andrus the actor will insist on his directing Drew's next film. Proud of what he has done, Andrus goes to Kruger in the hospital, delighted to report the progress he's made, only to be attacked by Clara for trying to undermine Kruger and steal his movie from him. Andrus is shocked when Kruger sides with her. An all-night descent into an alcohol-fueled rage follows. Carlotta goes along as a drunken Andrus gets behind the wheel of a car and races through the streets of Rome, nearly killing both of them. At the last minute, Andrus comes to his senses. He vows to return home, continue his sobriety and get his life back on track."] ["Matteo Diaz is a wealthy gentleman who loves and respects his wife but doesn't find her attractive any longer because she is paralysed. He already has a certain reputation among women. Accordingly he doesn't hesitate to get close to Eva Marchand as soon as he has realised her beauty. But to his surprise she can't be bothered to show any appreciation for his advances. He begins trying to explain and justify his way of life and his interest in her. The more he tries, the harder she makes it on him. Eventually he is so humiliated that even his walk shows he is a broken man and that is the end of story."] ['The film is loosely based on real life "Phantom Lover" Dan Cheung, known as such due to the ghostlike  nature of the women he romances. The film is set in China in the 1940s. Song Dan Ping  was an ambitious theatre actor and owner who built his dream magnificent playhouse from where he entertained and dazzled the theatre-loving populace with his adaptation of classics such as Romeo and Juliet and other tragic love stories. His passionate and devoted performances, drew the attention of the beautiful daughter of a corrupt and despotic official named To Wan-Yin . To Wan-Yin would sneak out of her house with her personal maid in the night to watch Dan Ping\'s play . During the patriarchal era, romance between an actor  and a rich man\'s daughter was definitely a taboo . Hence after each performance, Dan Ping and Wan-Yin would have a rendezvous at the theatre and their love deepened to the extent that they vowed to run away from the city and to get married elsewhere. However, Wan-Yin was betrothed to a man whom she did not love and was reputed to be cruel and sadistic and this persuaded her to throw caution to the wind and run away from home with Song. It also turned out that Wan-Yin\'s father arranged the marriage  to benefit himself as he sought to become allies with another official of great influence, whose friendship would help to improve his social standing. As fate dictated, the eloping couple was caught before the plan came to fruition and Wan-Yin\'s maid, who had assisted the eloping couple in their attempt to escape, was brutally beaten until she was crippled. Meanwhile, Wan-Yin was locked up in the house by her father to prevent her from eloping. This did not end the couple\'s tragic fate. Wan-Yin\'s fiance had arranged his men to harm Dan Ping. After disfiguring Dan Ping\'s face with burning acid, they set the theatre ablaze with Dan Ping and many other innocent people in it. After Wan-Yin came to know about the fire and Dan Ping\'s disappearance, she resigned to fate and married her fiance. On her wedding night, Wan-Yin\'s husband found out that she was not a virgin . Wan-Yin was then abused and eventually drove out of the house and was forced to lead a wandering life with her crippled maid. Wan-Yin soon lost all her senses as her longing for Dan Ping drove her crazy. Many years later, a group of performing arts students traveled from Beijing to perform in the city where Song Dan Ping had performed, eager to adapt his exploits and to improvise on his legendary performances. They came to the theatre hall, with its outer foundations still intact but with the internal sections terribly destroyed, and made their temporary quarters there. Many people believed Song to have perished in the fire but he was indeed still living as the students made their home in his theatre. Song, however, was badly scarred in the face and was never to reveal his once-handsome face to the outside world and earned the nickname \'The Phantom lover\' by his once-loving audience. His personality was also changed as he was severely depressed and morose after the tragic incidents and had lived the life of a hermit ever since. When the students arrived at the theatre, he was slightly encouraged to reveal himself when one of the more talented students tried unsuccessfully to sing his ultimate love serenade whom he dedicated to Wan-Yin. Song later lashed out at the students\' incompetence when he could no longer bear such disparaging performances of his efforts and decided to reveal himself and his scarred face to them. When the officials heard that the students tried to popularise Song in their theatre performances and reenact his glorious days, they came to arrest the students. Little did they know their evil deeds were exposed to the public who came for the performances. One by one, the accomplices to the plot to burn down the theatre were forced to confess in detail, to their crimes. Justice was finally achieved but only as a hollow victory on Song\'s part. In the closing moments, Song was seen holding his lover\'s hands. Wan-Yin had since become an invalid, and she had also become blind as a result of her ex-husband shooting her. She recognized Song, but lamented that she could not see him - a blessing for him, since she couldn\'t see how ugly his face had become. The two lovers finally departed the town in a coach, together at last. An epilogue reveals that Wan-Yin died a year later—probably due to the shooting injuries—and that Song never loved another woman in his lifetime.'] ['The film focuses upon three 14-year-old high school freshman girls: Dawn , Becca , and Hannah . Hannah finds herself on the receiving end of peer pressure from her friends to engage in oral sex with Nick, whom Hannah likes. She believes that she has to behave in a particular fashion in order to fit in with her more sexually-active peers. As Hannah becomes more sexually advanced, she does not reveal her sexual encounters and activities with Nick to her mother, who is quite concerned about the subject. Hannah regards her mother\'s concern as being intrusive, knowing she would be shocked if she knew. When Hannah\'s best friend Dawn gets syphilis, the school nurses begin widespread testing. It soon becomes evident that the school is experiencing a syphilis epidemic. Although Nick is identified as the main spreader of the disease, he does not appreciate the serious nature of the issue and refuses to be tested, mocking those who undergo testing. Dawn reluctantly gets tested and discovers that she has contracted the disease. She realizes the consequences of her behavior and encourages her friends to get tested as well. Hannah notices a sore in her mouth one morning and decides to see the nurse, who tells Hannah that she is also infected. Thus, Hannah is forced to deal with the consequences of her actions. When Hannah\'s mother finds out about the syphilis spread, she launches an effort to alert parents about their children\'s dangerous behavior. Although she is certain that other parents will share her level of concern in helping their children, she is shocked by some of the parents\' indifferent attitudes to their children\'s actions. Meanwhile, Becca is outraged when her religious parents decide to send her to boarding school, and Hannah is alienated at school because of her mother. She leaves her house one night and goes to her friend Tommy\'s house. They both realize they like each other and make out. Hannah wants to have sex, but Tommy refuses, explaining that he likes her but wishes to wait, as they are too young. Hannah becomes even more emotionally distraught and runs off. When Hannah\'s parents return home and see that she is gone, her mother goes off to find her. Walking around by herself in the street, Hannah calls Dawn and Becca. Dawn is grounded and is not allowed to speak with Hannah and Becca is making out in a car with two boys. Hannah goes to a party, where many of the kids from her school are present, looking for Becca. Brad, the party\'s host, directs Hannah to the basement and when she realizes that Becca is not there, he attempts to have sex with her. Tommy barges into the room, takes a picture of Brad and threatens to send it to 911. Brad leaves Hannah and ends the party. Tommy takes Hannah back to his house and calls her parents. They come to fetch her, relieved to see she is alright. Hannah apologizes to them and her mother promises that things will be better from now on. The end of the film shows Becca has snuck back into her room and begins to cry. Dawn is playing Scrabble with her mother as her sister, Tess, sneaks off to Dawn\'s room. Then she picks up one of Dawn\'s "sexy" shirts, takes off her glasses and models in front of the mirror. At the end of the film, Alexis Dziena appears to give a public service announcement urging teens to wait to have sex because of both physical and emotional consequences.'] ['Lenny Brown is a real-estate hustler looking to strike it rich. He is married to Linda, a paralegal and amateur dancer. The two are poor in money but rich in love. Linda vows to stick with her husband until she "falls off the earth". He moves to California and goes to work for a prosperous businessman named Max Sherman, selling lucrative investments in tax shelters. Everything is suddenly first-class for Lenny and his beautiful wife, Linda. But when the tax laws abruptly change, they find themselves $700,000 in debt. They become increasingly desperate, made worse by the fact that a friend, Joel Miller, turns them on to cocaine for "a boost." Lenny and Linda both become addicted. They lose their home, car and jobs. Linda becomes pregnant, but falls and suffers a miscarriage after using cocaine. Lenny\'s life unravels little by little as the drug habit gets the better of him. He gets straight temporarily for one last great business opportunity, but he can\'t pull it off. This culminates in Lenny severely beating Linda and putting her in the hospital. As the end credits roll, we see Lenny still using cocaine in his filthy apartment, reduced to a babbling shell of himself.'] ['After years of hopeful struggle, Al Stone  is on his way. "I\'m Sittin\' on Top of the World", he sings to an appreciative speakeasy crowd. But, as Al discovers, getting there is one thing. Staying there is another. Singing waiter Stone gets his huge break on a magical night when his song wows a big-time producer and a gold-digging showgirl he fancies. Broadway success and marriage follow, but sure enough, hard times are on the way. Al\'s fickle wife abandons him, taking the beloved son he calls Sonny Boy with her. Heartbroken, Al becomes a devastated loner until friends from the speakeasy that launched his career rescue him from a life on the streets. Soon, Al is back in lights. But another crisis awaits: Sonny Boy is in the hospital and dying....'] ["A poor farmer named Chea returns home to his family after going to school for several years and befriends a Sou who later inherits his father's wealth and high-ranking status. Upon finishing school and returning home, Chea soon falls in love with his neighbour, Orn. His happiness is shattered when his ill father passes away and the landowner demands for their cow for an overdue rent. Chea pleas with the landowner to give him a few days while he goes to ask his old friend Sou for some financial help. Upon his arrival at Sou's residence, Chea quickly discovers that Sou's recently inherited status has caused him to ignore and pretend that he doesn't know Chea because of his peasant background. Chea is turned down and returns home with a predicament. Chea and his younger brother soon begin selling noodles in order to make enough cash for the family. His luck is cut short when he realizes his competition against another noodle seller, making for many light, comedic incidents. Once their debt is cleared Chea asks his mother to ask for Orn's hand in marriage. This is soon arranged and Chea and An become engaged. Both families then begin to raise money to have the wedding with Chea continuing to sell noodles and An selling silk cloths with her mother. One day An and her mother were stopped by Sou who instantly falls in love with An and decides to buy every piece of silk cloth they have. Sou also sends a henchmen with An and her mother to find out where they live just in case he may need to purchase more of their silk. The henchmen reports back that Chea is engaged to An and Sou arranges a plan to get rid of Chea, in order to have An for himself. Sou promptly visits Chea and apparently apologizes for what happened earlier. He tells Chea that he will help fund their wedding. Chea's mother requests that they would need a honeycomb for the wedding so both Chea and Sou set out to find one. They eventually locate one high up in the tree and eventually fasten a rope so they can climb up. Chea goes first and when he reaches the top of the tree, Sou betrays him by having his men cut the rope preventing Chea from getting down. Sou leaves Chea to die and returns to An saying that Chea has fallen to his death and wishes Sou would marry An. Chea remembers the lessons he learned from his mentor and tricks a bear into bringing him down the tree. He secretly enters Sou's and Orn's wedding ceremony under the disguise of a singer. Orn, still devastated from Chea's apparent death, decides to lock herself in a room and commit suicide. Her suicide is thwarted when Chea begins to sing and she recognizes his voice. She unlocks the door and embraces Chea. Sou disrupts their reunion by having Chea sent out to the forest to be executed and forces An to marry him. Chea's younger brother quickly gathers a force of villagers who promptly save Chea from execution. Chea along with the villagers storm the wedding ceremony and Sou is killed in the ensuing chaos. Sou's father, realizing what has happened, restores order and justice. Chea and An are finally reunited at last."] ['Set during WWII, journalist Joan Kenwood , whose Air Corps photographer husband was killed on an air mission, returns to New York City from England. The managing editor of the newspaper for which she worked, Peter Waring , offers Joan work, but she despondently rejects it and instead stays with two aunts on their farm in Virginia. Unable to stop thinking about the death, however, she decides to return to New York. On the train, young bomber pilot Lt. Jim Cameron  persistently tries to charm her, but Joan rebuffs him. In New York, both are unable to find vacant hotel rooms, but Joan calls her friend, Peg Martin , whose baseball player husband is serving on a submarine, for a place to stay. Peg shares her apartment with Mac ([[Marie Wilson , a show girl who has just returned from entertaining the troops. A number of military men drop in on the apartment as Joan arrives, all invited by the scatter-brained Mac. Jim learns where Joan is staying, shows up too, and sees opportunity in the situation. Later, everyone goes out to a café. While Jim and Joan are dancing, her husband’s favorite song is played, and a distraught Joan leaves. Jim follows and takes her home. When he bluntly suggests that she get over the man she is in love with, Joan explains that the man is her husband, who was killed over Berlin. Ashamed, Jim returns to his base at Mitchel Field on Long Island, where he is awaiting orders for the Pacific. The next day, as Joan is leaving the apartment, she encounters a remorseful Jim. After she accepts his apology, Jim accompanies her to the subway. While waiting for the train, Jim saves the life of an elderly woman who falls on the tracks. Joan\'s reporter instincts take over, and she investigates the story and offers it to the paper. Delighted, Peter promptly puts her on the payroll. She and Jim pursue an easy-going courtship when he receives a 72-hour pass. Jim receives a telegram ordering him to report for cholera shots. He proposes to Joan, but still haunted by her husband, she rejects him saying that "it will always be this way." A few days later, Peg’s husband returns after losing his leg in combat, and moved by seeing them together, Joan decides to tell Jim that she will wait for him. Peter drives her to the airfield, but Jim\'s outfit is already taking off. She waves frantically at him from outside the gate as he takes off, and as he passes by, mouths the words that she loves him and will wait for him.'] ["B.J. Hammer is a boxer who rises up the ranks with help from the Mafia. However, Hammer doesn't realize that the help comes with a price: He is asked to throw a fight. Gangsters threaten to harm his girlfriend in an attempt to force him to go through with their plan. Hammer is forced to figure out a way to save his dignity and the life of his girlfriend, who has been kidnapped by gangsters."] ['Barry Fitzgerald appears as an orator in the first scene of the film, but has no other role. In the slums of Dublin during the Irish Civil War, Captain Boyle ([[Edward Chapman  lives in a two room tenement flat with his wife Juno  and children Mary  and Johnny . Juno has dubbed her husband "Captain Paycock" because she thinks him as useful and vain as a Peacock. Juno works while the Captain loafs around the flat when not drinking up the family\'s meager finances at the neighborhood pub. Daughter Mary has a job but is presently on strike against the victimization of a co-worker. Son Johnny has become a semi invalid after losing an arm and severely injuring his hip in a fight with the Black and Tans during the Irish War of Independence. Although Johnny has taken the Anti-Treaty side during the continuing Irish Civil War, he has recently turned in a fellow IRA member to the Irish Free State police. As a result, Captain Paycock tells his friend Joxer  of his disgust for his son. Daughter Mary is courted by Jerry Devine ([[Dave Morris  but dumps him for Charlie Bentham  who whisks her away after telling Mary\'s family the Captain is to receive an inheritance. The elated Captain borrows money against the  inheritance and spends it freely on new furniture and a Victrola. Family friends are invited to an impromptu party at the once shabby tenement. The Captain soon learns the inheritance was a lie by Charles to gain Mary\'s favors. The Captain keeps the bad news a secret until creditors show up. Even Joxer turns on the Captain and gleefully spreads the news of the nonexistent inheritance. The furniture store repossesses the furniture. The tailor demands money for new clothes. Pub owner Mrs. Madigan’  takes the Victrola to cover the Captain\'s bar tab. The worst is yet to come, however. Mary reveals that she has shamed the family by becoming pregnant by Charles, who has long since disappeared. Her former fiancé Jerry proclaims his love for Mary and offers to marry her back until he learns of her pregnancy. As a parting shot, it is revealed that Johnny\'s body has been found riddled with bullets. Almost certainly through Joxer, the Anti-Treaty IRA has learned of his status as an informer for the Garda Síochána. Realizing that their family has been destroyed, Mary declares, "It\'s true. There is no God." Although completely shattered, Juno shushes her daughter, saying that they will need both Christ and the Blessed Virgin to deal with their grief. Alone, however, she laments her son\'s fate before the religious statues in the family\'s empty tenement.'] ["In Montauban in 1944, during the German retreat from France, Julien Dandieu is an ageing, embittered surgeon in the local hospital. Frightened by the German army entering Montauban, Dandieu asks his friend Francois to drive his wife and his daughter to the remote village where he owns a chateau. One week later, Dandieu sets off to meet them for the weekend, but the Germans have now occupied the village. His daughter and wife, who was raped, were both killed by the cruel Germans soldiers who shot his young daughter and immolated his wife with a flame-thrower. Dandieu decides to kill as many Germans as possible to avenge his family. He takes an old gun he used as a child while hunting with his father and starts to kill them one by one. They begin to think they are surrounded by many partisans and don't realise that he is, in fact, the only one, taking advantage of his knowledge of the secret passages within the chateau. He beats one of the SS men to death, shoots some of them and lets two of them drown in the well, where he closes the grid, preventing them from escaping. With no more cartridges for the shotgun, he finds the flame-thrower which killed his beloved wife and uses it to kill the SS officer as he is about to commit suicide standing in front of the 2-way mirror. The film ends with the liberation of the place by the French Resistance."] ['{{plot}} The film, set in Japan during the Showa Era, tells the story of Chiyo Sakamoto , a poor, young Japanese girl who has been sold along with her older sister Satsu into a life of servitude by her parents when she is nine years old. Chiyo is taken in by the proprietress of a geisha house, Mother , but Satsu is rejected and is sold to another house in the "pleasure district" of the Hanamachi. At the okiya,  she meets another young girl named "Pumpkin" . Both girls are sent off to geisha school, but Chiyo dishonors the okiya by attempting to run away with her sister. Instead of training to become a geisha, she is given manual labor to do to pay off the debt of her purchase. Chiyo also has numerous unpleasant run-ins with the okiya\'s senior Geisha Hatsumomo  When Chiyo escapes to run away with her sister, she falls off of the rooftop in which she was trying to escape and attracts the attention of several people. Mother found out about Chiyo\'s attempt,and stops all attempts at training Chiyo to become a geisha. Mother discusses the debts Chiyo has amassed and explains that Satsu ran away that night, without waiting for Chiyo. Chiyo never sees Satsu again and Mother tells her to forget that she ever had a sister, explaining, \'We are your only family now.\' Mother then places a package on her stomach, which contains a letter  reporting the death of her mother, and then, a few weeks after, her father. Chiyo feels she cannot sink lower. Her escapades have caused her to be taken out of geisha training and worked as a slave to pay off her debts. One day while crying in the street, the young Chiyo is noticed by the Chairman  and his geisha companions. He then buys her an iced sorbet  and gives her his handkerchief with some money in it. Inspired by his act of kindness, Chiyo resolves to become a geisha so that she may one day become a part of the Chairman’s life. She spends the money, not on food, but on prayer, wishing to see him again. Chiyo, now a young woman, is taken under the wing of Mameha , one of Kyoto\'s most successful geisha. Under Mameha\'s tutelage, Chiyo becomes a maiko  and then takes the name of Sayuri, the most famous geisha in all of Gion, Kyoto. Hatsumomo becomes Sayuri\'s rival and seeks to destroy her. Through her work as a geisha, Sayuri reunites with the Chairman and longs to catch his attention, but instead has to lead on the Chairman\'s friend and business partner Nobu, who falls fast for her. Sayuri grows in popularity and Hatsumomo spreads lies and rumors to ruin Sayuri\'s reputation. Meanwhile, Mameha starts a bidding war for Sayuri\'s mizuage, which will make her a full geisha. Sayuri gets named the lead dancer for the Spring Dances, where she dances wonderfully and catches the attention of bidders, including the Baron , who invites Sayuri to his house for a party, gives her a kimono then, as he finds her so beautiful and believes he deserves a look, forcefully strips her. After the party Mameha hears what happened and believes that the Baron took Sayuri\'s virginity, and claims that Sayuri\'s bids may not come through if she is found to be "worthless." Sayuri cries and tells Mameha that nothing happened and she is not worthless. That night the bid is finally placed by an elderly doctor known as Doctor Crab, for 15,000 yen—the highest mizuage bid in history. Mother then chooses to "adopt" Sayuri as the heiress of the okiya, a title that Pumpkin and Hatsumomo had been longing for. Mameha tells Sayuri later that the bid was down to two people, Dr. Crab and the Baron, but Mameha let it go to Dr. Crab because of her feelings for the Baron, despite his bid being even higher. When returning home, Sayuri finds Hatsumomo in her room, who found the Chairman\'s handkerchief and attempts to burn it, but unsuccessfully. Sayuri and Hatsumomo fight and accidentally start a fire, and finally to her breaking point, Hatsumomo purposely begins to burn the rest of the house and then leaves, knowing she has reached the bottom. Sayuri\'s prosperous life is then cut short by the outbreak of World War II and while the safety of Sayuri and Mameha is ensured by the Chairman, they must endure a life of hard labor. Sayuri and Mameha are separated, with Sayuri going to the hills to work for a kimono maker. After the war, Sayuri is reunited with Mameha, and they become geisha once more to impress an American Colonel that is going into business with Nobu and the Chairman. Sayuri meets back up with Pumpkin who is now a risqué, flirty escort/prostitute  and goes on a trip with Nobu, the Chairman, Pumpkin and the Americans to the Amami Islands. There, the Colonel attempts to "hire" Sayuri for "services", but is rejected. Nobu saw the incident and confronts Sayuri  finally confessing his feelings and that he wants to be her danna. Sayuri is distraught and devises a plan to humiliate herself with the Colonel in front of Nobu. She arranges for Pumpkin to bring Nobu by an abandoned theater at a predetermined time, and "stumble" upon Sayuri and the Colonel making love. But, because of her secret resentment of Sayuri for being adopted by Mother, Pumpkin brings the Chairman instead, claiming to Sayuri, "Now you know how it feels", Sayuri believes that the Chairman is lost to her forever. A few days later Sayuri discards the Chairman\'s handkerchief by throwing it off a cliff above the sea, and later receives a call to go to the teahouse. While waiting, Sayuri expects Nobu to arrive, but instead the Chairman comes where he finally reveals to her that he knows she is Chiyo by saying, "Don\'t be afraid to look at me, Chiyo." He tells her that he was responsible for sending Mameha to her so that she could fulfill her dreams of becoming a geisha. Sayuri finally reveals her love to the Chairman, which she has been harbouring for over fifteen years. The film ends with their loving embrace and kiss and a stroll through a beautiful Japanese garden with waterfalls and rocks.'] ["The setting is a housing project apartment. Johnny Pope ([[Don Murray  is a soldier who returns from the Korean War, where a stay in a military hospital has left him secretly addicted to morphine. His emotional distance  alienate him from the apartment's other residents: Johnny's pregnant wife Celia  and his brother Polo . Celia is convinced that Johnny is having an affair, but of course the truth is far worse. Johnny and Polo's father, John Sr., arrives in town and stays with them in the small apartment, further complicating a tense situation and leading to a dynamic and dramatic climax."] ['Big Fella is set on the docks and streets of Marseilles. Paul Robeson stars in the leading role, as a street-wise but honest dockworker who struggles with deep issues of integrity and human values. Elisabeth Welch plays opposite him as a café singer in love with him. Robeson’s wife, Eslanda Robeson, appears as the café owner.{{cite news}}'] ["Princess Daisy tells the story of a young girl who is sent to England to live with her father, Prince Valenski, after her mother's death in a car crash. Unfortunately, Daisy is immediately separated from her twin sister Dani, who is a retarded child not accepted by their father. When Daisy turns 16, their father dies in a plane accident. The girl is forced to take care of her life herself, especially when her half-brother starts seeing in her more than just a sister."] ['Gigolo "Doctor" Omar  bribes the Shanghai police to not jail broke American showgirl Dixie Pomeroy ; he invites her to seek a job at the casino owned by Dragon-lady "Mother" Gin Sling , his boss. In the casino, Omar attracts the attention of a beautiful, privileged young woman , fresh from a European finishing school. She is out for some excitement. When asked, she gives her name as "Poppy" Smith. Meanwhile, Gin Sling is informed that she must move her establishment to the much less desirable Chinese sector. She is given five or six weeks, until Chinese New Year, to comply. Gin Sling is confident that she can thwart this threat to her livelihood, and orders her minions to find out everything they can about the man behind it, Englishman Sir Guy Charteris , a wealthy entrepreneur who has purchased a large area of Shanghai that contains her gambling parlor. Dixie proves to be an unexpected source of information; Charteris had taken her out to dinner a number of times, before dumping her to avoid her meeting his newly arrived daughter, Poppy, whose real name is Victoria Charteris. From Dixie\'s description, Gin Sling realizes Charteris is someone from her past. Meanwhile, Poppy falls in love with Omar and becomes addicted to gambling. Though the spoiled woman is openly contemptuous of the casino owner, Gin Sling allows her credit to cover her ever growing losses. Gin Sling invites Charteris and other important dignitaries to a Chinese New Year dinner party. Charteris at first declines, but then curiosity gets the better of him. At the dinner, she exposes his disgraceful past. Charteris, then calling himself Victor Dawson, had married her. One day, he abandoned her, taking her inheritance, leaving her destitute and alone. Thinking her baby had died and forced to do whatever she had to in order to survive, she wandered from place to place, until she reached Shanghai. There, Percival Hower had faith in her and backed her financially, allowing her to work her way up to her current position. To cap her revenge, she has Victoria brought in. Victoria openly flaunts her attraction to Omar and ridicules her father. As Charteris takes his wayward daughter out, he tells Van Elst privately to come to his office the next morning to pick up a £20,000 check for Gin Sling and tell her "the funds she claims I took are, and always have been in an account in her name" in a north China bank. Despite hearing this, Victoria defies him and goes back inside where the other guests have left. When he tries to retrieve her, he is confronted by Gin Sling. He then reveals that their baby had been found alive and put in a hospital where Charteris found her and brought her up far from China. Victoria is Gin Sling\'s own daughter. Gin Sling then tries to talk to Victoria alone, revealing that she is her mother, but when the young woman continues insulting her, Gin Sling shoots her dead. The Dragon Lady then remarks to Hower that this is something she cannot bribe her way out of. The muscular coolie, standing outside with Charteris, delivers the bitingly ironic last line "you likee Chinese New Year?" as Charteris realizes what has happened.'] ['{{plot}} The movie begins in Jerusalem, where a rabbi named Rostenburg is typing a code from the Bible onto his laptop computer. He is shot and killed by an assassin wearing a rabbi\'s outfit, who then takes the computer disk containing the code. Following this, two mysterious men take a page out of Rostenburg\'s sweater and keep it. The scene shifts to the back stage of a talk show, hosted by Cassandra Barashe , where Dr. Gillian Lane , an author and speaker, is getting ready to go onto the stage. On the show he explains that Old Testament is a passage to our past, present, and future. After the show, he returns home and visits his ex-wife and daughter on the latter\'s birthday. Stone Alexander ([[Michael York  is then shown speaking at a peace ceremony in Rome on how he has fed the hungry in Africa with water and food wafers. Dr. Lane attends as well and the two "enjoy some fine champagne and to support a worthy cause." It is revealed to the audience that the man who killed the rabbi in the beginning is Stone\'s apprentice, Dominic . Dr. Lane meets with Cassandra, and the two form an alliance. Lane and Stone maks a worldwide tour of goodwill such as one related to the establishment of the Palestinian state. Stone also makes a seven-year peace treaty with the Palestinians and the Israelis before moving on to other regions of the globe. In the meantime, Lane\'s family is shown not being able to see him because of his busy schedule. After three-and-a-half years, Lane discovers that Stone had been using the computer code that was shown in the beginning of the movie. This code is based on what is called the 3-D study of the Bible, where prophetic messages are revealed. Stone and his bodyguard find Lane, and Stone asks him to be his prophet. Dominic in an anger at being left pulls out his gun and tried to kill Lane, but instead shoots Stone. Dominic lies stating that Lane shot Stone, which leads to a worldwide manhunt. People around the world hold funerals for Stone. Lane, meanwhile, is about to take off in an airplane when he remembers what Rostenburg said about the Torah containing the genetic code of the universe. Satan enters Stone\'s body so he can continue the plans. Later in the movie, Stone obtains the final code via tempting Cassandra. Stone proclaims himself king and God at a coronation. This angers the two prophets, who denounce Stone. When he demands that they "show us all a sign" one responds "It is a wicked and perverse generation who asks for a sign. But like Christ, your only sign will be this: destroy these temples of His holy prophets and the Lord will rebuild them in three days!" To that, Stone says "It will be my pleasure!" They are then killed by Dominic while Stone says to keep them on display to show what will happen if anyone who defies him, invoking a general protest from both Muslims and Jews. Alexander manages to leave via helicopter, vowing to make an example of Jerusalem. Meanwhile, the last code is shown to be a fake . Stone then leads armies against Jerusalem as it is the first to withdraw from the global alliance. The two prophets are resurrected. Lane appears with the code. Stone lies that he\'ll call off the attack if Lane will enter the final code. Lane does so. Stone is about to commence the destruction of Jerusalem, "On my mark, three, two, and—" when a bright light appears from heaven, sending Satan back to where he came from, leaving Stone dead again. The film closes as we see what the final code said from the start of the movie: Dawn of New Millennium.'] ["The film opens as Julia Jenz  arrives at Dr. Schifrin's house for a routine baby-sitting gig. Soon after Dr. Schifrin leaves, a mysterious man knocks on the door, asking Julia to let him inside to use the phone on the strength that his car is broken down. Julia refuses to let the man inside but agrees to call his auto club. The phone is dead. Unwilling to divulge to the man that the phone is dead, Julia lies by saying that she in fact called the auto club. Of course, the auto club never arrives, so after some time, the man knocks again. Hoping he goes away, Julia continues to lie, but each encounter at the door becomes increasingly sinister. Meanwhile, several things inside the house turn up missing or are suddenly out of place, events in which Julia is just very slightly aware of at first. Soon, however, it becomes obvious that someone is moving in and out of the house, at which time Julia discovers that the children have been abducted. The intruder eventually comes after Julia; however, she is able to escape just as she comes within the intruder's reach. Five years later, Julia, is an introverted college student, still traumatized by the incident. To make matters worse, strange things are happening from time to time in her apartment, and Julia believes that the intruder is once again stalking her. Jill Johnson , now a counselor, and John Clifford  come to Julia's aid. Having been through a similar situation years prior, Jill and a reluctant John investigate and eventually track down the stalker in a surprise ending that revolves around who he is and how he can seemingly 'disappear' from sight. He then gets killed."] ['Racehorse Trainer Gerald Coates  kills his wife Babs  during an argument.Grand National Night - Trailer - Cast - Showtimes - The New York Times'] ["With her marriage to womaniser Carlo Landi  in ashes, wealthy and childless Margaret Landi  finds an emotional outlet in patronising a 15-year-old deaf, dumb, and blind Irish girl named Esther Costello . Esther's disabilities are the result of a childhood trauma and are psychosomatic rather than physical. As Costello makes progress with Braille and sign language, she is seen as an example of triumph over adversity. Carlo gets wind of Margaret's new life and re-enters the scene. He views Esther as a source of cheap financial gain and arranges a series of exploitative tours for her under a mercenary manager . One day when Margaret is absent from the Landi apartment, Carlo seduces and rapes the now 16-year-old Esther. The shock restores the girl's sight and hearing. When Margaret learns of her husband's business duplicities and the rape, she consigns Esther to the care of a priest and a young reporter who loves her , then kills Carlo and herself."] ["An artist, Geoffrey Carroll, meets Sally while on a vacation in the country. They develop a romance but Carroll doesn't tell her he's already married. Suffering from mental illness, Carroll returns home, where he paints an impression of his wife as the angel of death and then promptly poisons her. He then marries Sally, but after a while he also paints Sally as the angel of death."] ['Maria and Paul, a couple in their forties, travel through Spain with a new friend, Claire , a younger woman. The couple\'s daughter is also part of the trip. On their way to Madrid, they stop in a small town and are told by police that a local man who has killed his wife and her lover is on the loose in the area. There is a massive thunderstorm and the group has no choice but to stay in the town\'s only hotel, which is jammed beyond capacity with other travelers in the same situation. Maria, an out of control alcoholic who lives most of her life in a walking, booze-fueled dream state, seems to be subtly encouraging her husband Paul to have a sexual relationship with Claire as a way to reintroduce sexuality into their situation. While the thunderstorm is still raging, Maria secretly steps out of the crowded hotel onto a low balcony to down a bottle of booze and accidentally sees Paul and Claire kissing on a higher balcony. She is simultaneously excited and devastated. While out in the rain Maria discovers the fugitive hiding on a nearby rooftop and decides to help him escape. She then hides the murderer, a young man, in an outcropping of rocks out in lonely stretch of highway in the desert. She eventually tells Paul and Claire about the man, but when they go out to the desert they find that the fugitive has committed suicide with the same gun he\'d killed his cheating wife with. Maria, Paul and Claire decide to keep quiet and simply travel on to Madrid as planned. While in Madrid, Maria tells Paul and Claire that she’d had hopes of adding the fugitive to the odd situation as a "fourth player" in the game, but that her true desire was to sleep with Paul once again. Maria drinks herself unconscious and scenes of Paul and Claire making love were shown while we hear Maria’s voice saying how she’d been envisioning the pair making love ever since she’d first seen Claire naked. It is never made clear whether this sequence is a dream or something Maria actually observed while massively drunk. But the next day she tells Paul about it and it seems to excite him. They start to make love, but she can’t. She tells him she doesn’t love him anymore. He tells her he doesn’t believe her. Later, the trio goes to a club to watch flamenco dancers. Maria, who seems to be having a good time, slips out during the performance and disappears into the city. Paul and Claire search for her, but they cannot find her.'] ["The American submarine Grayfish, under Lieutenant Commander/Commander Barney Doyle , searches for the Shinaru, one of the Japanese aircraft carriers that led the attack on Pearl Harbor. Doyle receives word that the target has an escort, including a transport ship carrying his wife and child, who were captured in the Philippines. As luck would have it, Grayfish finds the ships. Doyle's second in command, Lieutenant/Lieutenant Commander Archer Sloan  tries to talk his friend out of risking the lives of his family, but Doyle proceeds with the attack. To their horror, their torpedoes sink the transport. The Japanese make no attempt to rescue the survivors, hoping to lure the sub to the surface. Doyle is forced to leave the prisoners to drown. Doyle manages to follow the Shinaru into Tokyo Bay itself and tries again to sink his nemesis, but fails and barely escapes from Japanese destroyers. The Grayfish then returns to Pearl Harbor. There, Vice Admiral Setton  wants to promote Doyle to a desk job, but the anguished man begs for and gets one last chance at the Shinaru. Sloan turns down a command of his own to accompany him. Doyle is assigned a quiet, out-of-the-way patrol area off the Alaskan coast, but fortune is with him. He encounters the Shinaru once more. The sub sustains some damage from a collision and has to launch its attack using sonar alone. After the torpedoes are away, the sub is sent to the bottom by the Shinaru's escort. Fortunately, the crewmen are able to exit and use Momsen lungs to reach the surface, where they are rescued by a sister sub. When they are brought aboard, they are told that they have sunk the Shinaru."] ['In the final year of World War II, units of the US Army are in the foothills of the Alps between France and Italy, trying to dislodge a unit of German soldiers from a supply post in the middle of a small village. 1st Lt. Sam Loggins  is in charge of a reconnaissance unit that has just lost its radioman. A truckload of fresh young soldiers arrive, one of whom, Corporal Britt Harris  admits to radio training and experience—Harris is immediately appointed the unit\'s radioman by Loggins. Harris reveals himself at once as a lady\'s man and a schemer, acquiring girlfriends, food, and other luxury items. Corporal Lindsay , in charge of the unit\'s paperwork and logistics, reveals Harris\' story to Loggins: Harris is the son of a wealthy textile mill owner in New Jersey—in order to avoid criminal charges of trying to bribe a member of the local Draft Board with a car, Harris has "volunteered" for combat duty in Europe. Harris does show bravery while rescuing a group of men trapped in a minefield and while attacking a German bunker single-handed, but Loggins still has his reservations about the man. The Colonel  grants Loggins and his unit leave in the seaside town of Nice. While walking by himself on a quay, Loggins is attracted to Monique Blair  -- they go to dinner, and she explains she was born in America, but has lived in France since she was a small child. She\'s unwilling to go out with Loggins again. Loggins ask her to meet him in the same cafe the next week at 8PM. The next week, Loggins waits at the cafe, Monique doesn\'t show, and he walks out despondent, only to be asked to have a drink by an older American woman who has apparently been waiting for him. He finds out it is Monique\'s mother, who was checking him out, he passed, and she takes him to her palatial home to join Monique. The two spend a great deal of time together. One night he tells her he loves her, and Monique finally reveals to him that she is afraid to get involved with a US soldier because her now-dead father was a Negro, and she has seen the general bigotry all American soldiers seem to have. Loggins is confused and leaves, not sure about his feelings. Back at the US Army camp, the Colonel and Loggins agree the battle is at a standstill—the US needs better idea of what the Germans have set up in the village. Loggins suggest a covert mission to put an observer in a church tower in the middle of town; the Colonel says he\'ll pass the idea on up to Headquarters. Loggins decides to put aside the former prejudices he would have had about Monique\'s parentage, and goes to see her. She and her mother are delighted to see Loggins. Loggins invites Monique to go out on a date with him. They end up going to a smokey jazz cafe, where they are surprised to see Harris play a fantastic jazz solo on a trumpet, to the acclaim of the entire French crowd. Harris joins Loggins and Monique at their table, and Loggins is left on the sidelines as Harris and Monique are immediately drawn to each other. Outside, Harris and Monique kiss. After Loggins takes Monique home, she asks Loggins to tell Harris about her Negro father. Loggins does so, and it doesn\'t seem to bother Harris. The next weekend, Loggins and Harris return to Nice to visit Monique. Once again, Loggins is forced to the sidelines as the handsome and smooth-talking Harris takes over. Loggins returns to his hotel room alone. Harris and Monique stay out most of the night. When Harris returns to the hotel, he tells Loggins he\'s asked Monique to marry him, and she has said yes. Loggins is shattered, but he puts on a brave face. He tells Harris about the paperwork he will need to fill out to get the army\'s permission to marry. When they return to their unit, Harris immediately asks for the marriage permission form. Two months pass, and Harris still hasn\'t received an answer from the army on his request to marry. One day, while talking to Corporal Lindsay, Loggins finds out that Harris had indeed picked up the completed paperwork 3 weeks earlier. In fact, Harris had told the corporal that the whole thing was a gag. Loggins is furious when he hears this. Meanwhile, the Colonel tells Loggins that Headquarters has approved Loggins\' covert operation. Loggins says it\'s a two-man operation, and he want to bring Harris as his radioman—Loggins also asks for a few hours leave to take care of some personal matters in town. The colonel agrees to both of Loggins\' requests. Loggins and Harris go to the Blair mansion, and Loggins forces Harris to admit to Monique that Harris is not going to marry her. Monique runs away in tears. Harris tries to explain himself to Loggins , and Loggins punches him out. Loggins then goes out to find Monique. It turns out she had tried to drown herself, but a fisherman fished her out of the water while she was still alive. Loggins tries to talk to her, but she doesn\'t want to talk to him. Back at the US Army base, Loggins and Harris prepare for their mission. Loggins says he is going to kill Harris. Harris responds that essentially, "Only if I don\'t kill you first." They eye each other suspiciously and cautiously. However, Loggins clarifies that he plans to kill Loggins in the future—after the mission is over or perhaps after the war is over. On the mission, they encounter and kill a German soldier together. The duo establishes themselves at 2 AM in the church tower, calls in, and reports their observations, especially that a hidden section of the village contains an enormous German ammo dump. Loggins sends an order back to the base to begin a bombardment at 4 AM of the ammo dump that will certainly destroy most of the village. They leave the tower, and are soon discovered by a German patrol. Harris is shot dead by the Germans, and Loggins is pinned down. The German officers, panicking at the thought of American soldiers in the village, order an immediate evacuation. Hearing this, Loggins grabs the radio and orders the US artillery to begin firing right now. Shells fall on the village and the ammo dump, and everything blows up. The movie ends with Loggins relating how he was found under the rubble still alive by US troops, and brought to a hospital, where his right arm was amputated. He had gotten two letters from Monique. In one of them she says that she has learned that Harris was killed. She also tells Loggins that her mother has died. When Loggins is finally released from the hospital after many months, he decides to go to Nice to visit Monique one last time before returning to the States. He finds that she is now heading up a school for war orphans. She invites Loggins to come into one of the classrooms. As a tribute to Loggins and all the American soldiers who fought to free France, the children sing a song of appreciation. During the singing, Monique and Loggis look earnestly at each other. Will their romance bloom once again?'] ['Johnny Eager  masquerades as a taxi driver for his gullible parole officer, A.J. Verne , but in reality, he is the ruthless head of a powerful gambling syndicate. Verne introduces him to socialite Lisbeth "Liz" Bard, a sociology student. Johnny and Liz are attracted to each other, but then he discovers that she is the stepdaughter of his longtime nemesis, John Benson Farrell ([[Edward Arnold . As a crusading prosecutor, Farrell was responsible for sending Johnny to prison, and now as the district attorney, he has gotten an injunction preventing Johnny\'s expensive dog racing track from opening. Johnny decides to use Liz as leverage against her stepfather. When she comes to see him, he has Julio ([[Paul Stewart , one of his underlings, burst in and pretend to try to kill him. During the faked struggle, Julio drops his gun. Lisbeth picks it up and shoots Julio when he seems to have the upper hand. Johnny then hustles her out of the room before she can realize that the gun is full of blanks and Julio\'s blood is actually ketchup. Later, Johnny threatens to expose her as a murderer unless Farrell removes the injunction. Farrell gives in. Johnny is depicted as a man without a conscience. When childhood friend Lew Rankin  gets fed up with his subordinate role in the gang and starts plotting against him, Johnny murders him without the slightest qualm. He lies to his devoted girlfriend Garnet  to get her to go to Florida while he romances Liz. Mae , a prior girlfriend, asks him to help get her incorruptible policeman husband transferred back to his old precinct because his long commute is straining their marriage. Johnny not only lies, claiming he no longer has any influence, he also hides the fact that he got the man transferred in the first place because he would not look the other way. When Jimmy Courtney , Liz\'s high society former boyfriend, becomes alarmed because Liz is going to pieces due to a guilty conscience, he offers Johnny all his money to leave the country and take Liz with him. Johnny cannot figure out his "angle", why he would do such a selfless thing. In fact, the only soft spot Johnny seems to have is for his intellectual, alcoholic right hand man, Jeff Hartnett , and even he is not sure why. Jeff has an insight, telling his boss that "even Johnny Eager has to have one friend." However, when Johnny learns that Liz intends to turn herself in, he discovers the meaning of love for the first time in his life. He confesses to her that he staged the whole incident, but she does not believe him. To prove his claim, he decides to produce a live Julio, but Julio has defected to Johnny\'s dissatisfied partner, Bill Halligan . Johnny manages to bring Julio  to Liz, but in the process, touches off a gunfight with Halligan and his men. He kills Halligan and Julio, but is himself shot down by a policeman on his way home after his shift, who in a twist of fate turns out to be Mae\'s husband.'] ['Doctor Otternschlag , a disfigured veteran of World War I and a permanent resident of the Grand Hotel in Berlin, wryly observes, "People come and go. Nothing ever happens," after which a great deal transpires. Baron Felix von Geigern , who squandered his fortune and supports himself as a card player and occasional jewel thief, befriends Otto Kringelein , a meek accountant who, having discovered he is dying, has decided to spend his remaining days in the lap of luxury. Kringelein\'s former employer, industrialist General Director Preysing , is at the hotel to close an important deal, and he hires stenographer Flaemmchen  to assist him. She aspires to be an actress and shows Preysing some magazine photos for which she posed, implying she is willing to offer him more than typing if he is willing to help advance her career. Another guest is Russian ballerina Grusinskaya , whose career is on the wane. She is high strung and seemingly on the verge of a breakdown and utters the famous line "I want to be alone." When the Baron is in her room to steal her jewelry and she returns from the theatre, he hides in her room and overhears her as she talks to herself in despair about wanting to end it all, holding a vial of medication in her hand. He comes out of hiding and engages her in conversation, and Grusinskaya finds herself attracted to him. The following morning, a repentant Baron returns Grusinskaya\'s jewels, but she is able to forgive his crime. Instead, she invites him to accompany her to Vienna, an offer he accepts. The Baron joins Kringelein and Flaemmchen at the hotel bar, and she cajoles the ailing man into dancing with her. Preysing interrupts them and imperiously demands she join him. Irritated by his former employer\'s coarse behavior, Kringelein - who is aware of Preysing\'s many swindles - tells him what he thinks of him. Surprised by his uncharacteristic audacity, Preysing attacks Kringelein and the two men must be separated. The Baron is desperate for money to pay his way out of the criminal group he had been working with. He and Kringelein decide to get a card game going, and Kringelein wins everything, and then becomes intoxicated. When he drops his wallet, the Baron locates and quietly stashes it in his jacket pocket, intending to keep the winnings for himself. However, after Kringelein begins to frantically search for his lost belongings, the Baron - who desperately needs the money but has become very fond of Kringelein - pretends to have suddenly discovered the wallet and returns it to him.  As part of a current desperate merger plan, Preysing must travel to London, and he asks Flaemmchen to accompany him. Later, when the two are in her room, which opens on to his, Preysing sees the shadow of the Baron rifling through his belongings. He confronts the Baron; the two struggle, and Preysing bludgeons the Baron with the telephone, killing him. Flaemmchen comes in and sees what happened and tells Kringelein, who confronts Preysing. He insists he acted in self-defense, but Kringelein summons the police and Preysing is arrested. Grusinskaya departs for the train station, fully expecting to find the Baron waiting for her there. Meanwhile, Kringelein offers to take care of Flaemmchen, who suggests they go to Paris and seek a cure for his illness. As they leave the hotel, Doctor Otternschlag once again observes, "Grand Hotel. People come and go. Nothing ever happens."'] ["Millie is a naive young woman who marries a wealthy man from New York. Three years later, we see her with her young daughter in an unhappy marriage. She finds that her husband betrays her and she gets a divorce. Because of her pride, she does not want his money and leaves her daughter with her ex-husband. Millie finds a job selling cigarettes in a hotel. She has many admirers and she likes to flirt but she prefers to live independently, not committing to any of her lovers. She gets a promotion and becomes financially independent. She falls in love with the reporter Tommy but when he cheats on her, too she becomes bitter and and over time withdraws from social life. Years later, Jimmy, a wealthy businessman and politician who always wanted to marry her but was rejected, still obsesses about Millie. He finds that she has a daughter Connie, now 16 years old and who looks very much like her. He befriends the family of Millie's ex-husband and plots to seduce Connie. Millie finds out that Jimmy has taken Connie to his remote lodge where he is about to take advantage of her naivete. Millie storms to the lodge, confronts Jimmy and kills him.  In the following murder trial, Millie tries to keep her daughter's name out of the press and claims not to remember what happened. Her friends however help to bring out the truth and the jury acquits Millie. In the end we see Millie reunited with her daughter and her estranged husband's family."] ['In the story, Sybil Fitch  adopts two orphan boys . Her husband  is infuriated. However, when the boys catch scarlet fever, he finds that he really does love them.'] [" *Erich von Stroheim - Nicki/Prince Nickolas von Wildeliebe-rauffenburg *Fay Wray - Mitzi, mitzerl Schrammell *Matthew Betz - Schani Eberle - the Butler *Zasu Pitts - Cecelia Schweisser *George Fawcett - Prince Ottokar von Wildeliebe Rauffenburg *Maude George - Princess Maria - Nicki's mother *George Nichols - Fortunat Schweisser - the Industrialist *Dale Fuller - Katerina Schrammel - Mitzi's mother *Hughie Mack - Eberle - the Wine-grower *Cesare Gravina - Martin Schrammell - Mitzi's father *Sidney Bracey - Navratil *Anton Vaverka - Emperor Franz-Josef"] ['One year ago, a wild bear stole a calf from Mitch  and Einar ’s ranch. The two friends attempted to save the calf, but the bear viciously attacked Mitch — and because Einar was drunk, he failed to save him from serious injury. The bear escaped into the mountains. A year later, Mitch’s wounds still cause him constant pain. Einar cares for Mitch daily, giving him morphine injections, food and friendship. He leans his guilt on emotional crutches, while Mitch struggles to walk with a cane. The bear later returns to forage for food in town — and around the same time, Einar’s long-lost daughter-in-law Jean  shows up on his doorstep. Sheriff Crane Curtis  captures the bear and displays him in the town zoo. Jean and her daughter Griff  move in with Einar and Mitch. Einar’s son, Griffin, had moved away and married Jean years ago, causing a rift in the family that snapped when Griffin died in a car accident. Tension mounts between Einar and Jean because both are still grieving for Griffin. Since Griffin died, Jean has fallen into a series of abusive relationships. She moved in with Einar to escape her latest abusive boyfriend, Gary , but like the bear, her past will return to haunt her. Jean slowly falls in love with Sheriff Curtis, but little Griff can’t open up to him or trust him because of Jean’s bad experiences. Jean starts working at a local coffee shop. There she befriends Nina, another waitress , who helps her understand Einar’s gruff ways and dark past. Tensions in the family continue to build. One night, Gary arrives to harass Jean and Griff. He and Einar have an explosive confrontation that pushes Einar to the brink. Einar returns to the ranch and demands that Jean tells him how Griffin died. Jean says they flipped a coin to determine who would drive — she lost. At 3 a.m., the two tired souls set out for the last leg of their trip. Jean fell asleep at the wheel. The car flipped six times. Griffin died, but Jean survived and discovered she was pregnant with Griff. When he learns the truth about why his son was ripped from him too soon, Einar says they’ll have to talk about Jean moving out. Jean says she’s through talking. The next morning she takes Griff with her and leaves. Griff, who loves her grandfather as the first strong male figure in her life, runs back to the ranch alone. Einar and Mitch teach her to be a real Wyoming cowgirl. The movie ends with Mitch insisting that Einar set the bear who handicapped him free, although the plan does not go off without a hitch. Einar lands in the hospital, where he and Jean attempt to reconcile. Einar invites Jean to come back and live with him and Griff. Mitch survives a peaceful confrontation with the bear from his past. It flees to the mountains where it belongs. Gary makes one last attempt to drag Jean and Griff back “home” — this ends with Einar beating him up and tossing him on a bus out of town. In the final scene, Einar affectionately talks with one of his cats — who throughout the whole story he coldly ignored. Griff then invites Sheriff Curtis for lunch. All is well as Mitch narrates the last seconds of the story, describing his dreams of flying above the earth to Einar.'] ["Robert , a riding school owner, and his wife Dora  have a seemingly happy marriage until Dora is critically injured in a road accident. Robert and Dora's mother  rush to the hospital to which she has been taken. Believing she is about to die, Dora spitefully asks her mother &ndash; a vulgar, tawdry and heavy-drinking woman &ndash; to put Robert in the picture regarding the true nature of the marriage, so that she can die gloating over his distress. As Dora is taken to the operating theatre, her mother takes vicious pleasure in informing Robert &ndash; who has been reflecting with sadness about happy times and the prospect of losing his wife &ndash; that the marriage has been a sham from the start. Via a series of flashbacks, it is revealed that Dora is a manipulative, conniving and amoral gold-digger. Encouraged by her equally unprincipled mother, she set out to snare Robert purely for access to his finances in order that she  could live a life of ease and outward respectability. In fact she has always despised Robert, mocking his unsuspicious nature and gullibility while amusing herself with a string of lovers. With the riding school business recently failing, Dora had decided that she had taken Robert for as much as she could, and had been planning to leave him for François, a richer lover who could further her social-climbing ambitions. News comes through from the operating theatre that Dora will live, but is permanently paralysed. Robert states his intention to abandon her to her fate, leaving the mother alone with the prospect of having to care for her disabled daughter in straitened financial circumstances.Manèges overview at Films de France Retrieved 23-07-2010"] ['In 1957 suburban Connecticut, Cathy Whitaker , appears to be the perfect wife, mother, and homemaker. Cathy is married to Frank , a successful executive at Magnatech, a company selling television advertising. One evening Cathy receives a phone call from the local police who are holding her husband. He says it\'s all a mix up but they won\'t let him leave alone. Cathy is preparing for her annual party with her best friend, Eleanor Fine . One day Cathy spies an unknown black man walking through her yard. He turns out to be Raymond Deagan , the son of Cathy\'s late gardener. Frank finds himself forced to stay late at the office, swamped with work. One evening, however, he enters an underground bar filled with single men. One night when Frank is working late, Cathy decides to bring his dinner to him at the office. She walks in on him passionately kissing another man. Frank confesses having had "problems" as a young man, and agrees to sign up for conversion therapy. His relationship with Cathy is irreparably strained, however; and he turns to alcohol. Meanwhile, Cathy starts becoming better acquainted with Raymond. One night, after a party, Frank attempts to make love to Cathy. He is unable to become aroused and strikes Cathy when she tries to console him. Cathy finds herself completely unable to comprehend the destruction of her marriage. As she sees her once-idyllic world begin to fall apart, she turns to Raymond for comfort. He takes her on a ride to his part of the town where she meets other black people. At a gas station, they are sighted together by one of Cathy\'s neighbors, who immediately tells everyone. The town is soon ablaze with gossip about the two of them. After her husband comes home furious, Cathy unwillingly breaks off her blossoming friendship with Raymond. Over Christmas, Cathy takes her family on a vacation to Miami to take their minds off of things. At the hotel, Frank has another sexual encounter with a young man. Unable to suppress his desires, he seeks a divorce from Cathy. Cathy is later informed by their maid Sybil  that Raymond\'s daughter was attacked by three white boys. Cathy comes to their home to find them packing up and moving to Baltimore. Now that Cathy is to be single, she presents the opportunity for them to be together. Raymond declines. "I\'ve learned my lesson about mixing the two worlds," he says. In the last scene, Cathy goes to the train station to see off Raymond and say her silent goodbye to him.'] ['Thymian Henning , the innocent, naive daughter of pharmacist Robert Henning , is puzzled when their housekeeper, Elisabeth , leaves suddenly on the day of Thymian\'s confirmation. It turns out that her father got Elisabeth pregnant. Elisabeth\'s body is brought to the pharmacy later that day, an apparent suicide by drowning, upsetting Thymian. Thymian\'s father\'s assistant Meinert , promises to explain it all to her late that night, but instead takes advantage of her; she gives birth to an illegitimate child.{{Cite book}} Though Thymian refuses to name the baby\'s father, the relatives find out from her diary. They decide that the best solution is for her to marry Meinert. When she refuses because she does not love him, they give the baby to a midwife and send her to a strict reformatory for wayward girls run by a tyrannical woman  and her tall, bald assistant . Meanwhile, Thymian\'s friend, Count Osdorff , is cast off and left penniless by his rich uncle, also Count Osdorff , after he proves unsuccessful at every school and trade. Thymian begs her friend to persuade her father to take her back, but Thymian\'s father has married his new housekeeper, Meta , and Meta wants no rivals. Rebelling against the reformatory\'s rigid discipline, Thymian and her friend Erika  escape with Osdorff\'s help. When Thymian goes to see her baby, she is told the child has just died. After despondently wandering the streets, she re-unites with Erika, who is working in a small, upper-class brothel. With no skills, Thymian also becomes a prostitute. By chance, Thymian runs into her father, Meta and Meinert in a nightclub. Her father is shocked when he realizes what she has become, but Meta and Meinhert take him away. Three years later, her father dies. With the expectation of inheriting a large amount of money, she decides to start a new life. The others suggest she obtain a new identity by marrying Osdorff. After thinking about it, he agrees. At the lawyer\'s office, Meinhert buys Thymian\'s interest in the pharmacy, making her rich. However, when she learns that Meinhert is throwing the widow and her two children out on the street, Thymian gives Meta the money so that her young half-sister will not suffer her fate. Osdorff, who had been counting on the money to rebuild a life for himself too, throws himself out the window to his death when she tells him what she has done. The uncle, grief-stricken, decides to make amends by taking care of Thymian. He introduces her to his cousin as his niece, Countess Osdorff. In a strange twist of fate, she is invited to become a director of the same reformatory where she herself was once held. When an old friend is brought before the directors as an "especially difficult case", Thymian denounces the school and its "blessings" and takes her away. Count Osdorff has the last word as he is leaving: "A little more love and no-one would be lost in this world."'] ["Down on his luck, veteran movie director and writer Harry Dawes  is reduced to working for abusive, emotionally stunted business tycoon Kirk Edwards , who has decided he wants to produce a film to stroke his monumental ego. Looking for a fresh leading lady, they discover, in a Madrid night club, stunning dancer Maria Vargas , a blithe but proud spirit who likes to go barefoot and has a troubled home life. Maria takes an instant dislike to Kirk but trusts Harry, whose work she knows. Thanks to his expertise and the help of sweaty, insincere publicist Oscar Muldoon , her film debut is a sensation. Kirk tries to control Maria's life by publicly ordering her to stay away from wealthy Latin American playboy Alberto Bravano , but Maria rebels. She is a great star, but Maria is not satisfied. She envies the happiness her friend Harry has found with his wife Jerry  and wants a prince charming of her own. Alberto is too frivolous and shallow for her. When he berates her in public for supposedly ruining his luck at a gambling table, he receives a slap in the face from a stranger. This turns out to be Count Vincenzo Torlato-Favrini , who offers Maria his arm. They walk out. Maria has found the great love of her life. They wed in a lavish ceremony, but there is a problem. The count and his spinster sister  are the last of the Torlato-Favrinis; without offspring, the noble line will die out. Unfortunately, he is incapable of fathering a child because a war injury has left him impotent. He tells Maria about this on their wedding night. Sometime later, Harry is in Italy and an unhappy Maria tells him about her husband and confesses that she is pregnant. She believes her husband will want this child and plans to tell him about it that night. However, her husband had suspected she was unfaithful and shoots her before she could tell him about the child. Harry arrives just as the shots are fired and does not tell the count about the pregnancy. The story ends  with flashbacks at her funeral."] ["Aaron Loves Angela is about two teenagers living in the slums of New York City who are deeply in love with each other. Angela , who is Puerto Rican, falls in love with Aaron , who is black. Their relationship is not approved by either of their parents. They both rebel against their parents' prejudices, but soon find out that their friends and neighbors share the same prejudices as their parents."] ["The melodramatic plot of the Warner Bros. release centers on Jimmy Morrell and Norma Nelson, who plan to wed as soon as their neighborhood pharmacy begins to show a profit. The opportunity arises when former bootlegger Dutch Barnes offers Jimmy a job duplicating name brand toothpaste and cosmetics that can be made cheaply and then sold in the bottles and jars of reputable pharmaceutical companies at regular prices. When Dutch asks him to copy the formula for a popular brand of antiseptic, Jimmy refuses, claiming he's unable to get a key ingredient, but when Dutch offers him a bonus hefty enough to allow Jimmy to marry Norma, he agrees. Dutch's ex-girlfriend Lily Duran, jealous over his attentions to another woman, notifies the antiseptic company about the deception, and is murdered by Dutch. Without their key witness, the company is forced to drop their lawsuit against Jimmy. Now beholden to Dutch, he is forced to make fake digitalis, which Norma is given during childbirth, prompting her to lose the baby. Jimmy seeks vengeance against Dutch, but before he can achieve his goal Sheffner, who formulated the antiseptic Jimmy manufactured, shoots Dutch. Jimmy confesses everything to the district attorney and is exonerated, allowing him and Norma to return to life as they once knew it."] ["Thora Birch stars as Liz Murray, the homeless daughter of an extremely dysfunctional Bronx family. Liz Murray is a young girl who is taken care of by her loving, but drug-addicted, parents. After her mother dies of AIDS, which she got from sharing needles during her drug abuse, she got a 'slap in the face' by her mother's death and begins her work to finish high school, which she amazingly completed in two years, rather than the usual four. She becomes a star student and earns a scholarship to Harvard University through an essay contest sponsored by the New York Times."] ['Marie St. Clair and her beau, aspiring artist Jean Millet, plan to leave their small French village for Paris, where they will marry. On the night before their scheduled departure, Marie climbs down from her second-floor bedroom for a rendezvous with Jean. Her stepfather sees them strolling down a lane and locks her out of the house. When the couple returns, Jean furiously knocks on the front door and reminds the older man that he\'s locked out his daughter. The stepfather dismisses Jean\'s complaint and tells Marie, "Perhaps  will give you a bed for the night." Jean does invite Marie to his home, but he makes it clear that he lives with his parents and his mother will fix a bed for Marie. It turns out that Jean\'s parents are not thrilled with their son\'s romance with Marie, either. Marie goes to the train station, with Jean promising to follow her. But Jean\'s father has died while sitting in his chair in front of the fireplace, and when Jean telephones Marie at the station to tell her he can\'t go with her to Paris, she gets on the train and makes the trip alone. In Paris, Marie enjoys a life of luxury as the mistress of wealthy businessman Pierre Revel. One night when Marie is alone in the apartment Revel has provided for her, a friend calls and invites her to a raucous party in the Latin Quarter. The friend gives Marie the address, but admits that she can\'t remember whether the apartment is in the building on the right or the left. Marie, arriving by taxi, enters the wrong building and is surprised to be greeted by Jean Millet. Marie tells Jean she would like for him to paint her portrait and gives him a card with her address. Jean calls on Marie at her apartment to begin the painting, and Marie notices he is wearing a black armband. She asks why he is in mourning, and Jean tells her his father has died. Marie asks when and Jean replies, "The night you left." Marie and Jean revive their romance, and Marie begins to distance herself from Pierre Revel. Pierre knows about Jean but also realizes that Marie has become fond of the luxuries she enjoys as his mistress. Jean finishes Marie\'s portrait, but instead of painting her wearing the elegant outfit she chose for the sitting, he outfits her in the simple dress she wore on the night she left for Paris. Jean proposes to Marie. Marie tells Pierre she\'ll be leaving soon, but Pierre isn\'t so sure. Jean\'s mother, with whom he shares the simple Paris apartment, argues with him about marrying Marie. Jean starts to leave in anger but, after opening the door, leaves the door ajar as he goes to apologize to his mother. He tells his mother the proposal was spur-of-the-moment and not serious. Marie happens to arrive unexpectedly outside Jean\'s apartment at that moment. A chastened Marie returns to Pierre Revel. Jean fails to convince Marie he didn\'t mean what she overheard him say to his mother in an attempt to appease the older woman. One night Jean slips a gun into his coat pocket and goes to the exclusive restaurant where Marie and Pierre are dining. Jean asks the maitre d\' to give Marie a note asking her to meet him one last time. Pierre sees the note and invites Jean to join them. Jean and Pierre get into a scuffle and Jean is ejected from the dining room. Jean stands by the fountain in the restaurant\'s foyer, pulls out the gun and fatally shoots himself. The police carry Jean\'s body to his apartment. Jean\'s mother retrieves the gun and goes to Marie\'s apartment. Marie\'s maid tells her that Marie has gone to her son\'s studio. Jean\'s mother returns to the apartment and finds Marie kneeling by Jean\'s body and sobbing. Jean\'s mother is touched by Marie\'s display of grief. The two women reconcile and return to the French countryside, where they open a home for orphans in a country cottage. One morning Marie and one of the girls in her care walk down the lane to get a pail of milk. Marie and the girl meet a group of sharecroppers with a horse-drawn wagon, who offer them a ride back in the wagon. At the same time, Pierre Revel and another gentleman are riding through the French countryside in a chauffeur-driven automobile. Pierre\'s companion asks him, "What ever happened to that Marie St. Clair?" Pierre replies that he doesn\'t know. Pierre\'s automobile and the horse-drawn wagon then pass each other, heading in opposite directions.'] ["Bleak Moments looks at the 'tortured, semi-articulated anguish' in suburban South Norwood, between Sylvia, and her retarded sister Hilda; Sylvia's friend at work, Pat; a teacher, Peter, Sylvia's reticent, prospective boy-friend; and Norman, a 'gormless hippie'."] ["{{Plot}} The movie begins with a voice over by Shirley Lyner  as we are shown her babysitting service, a cabin with middle-aged men and teenage girls. A flash back takes us to Shirley being picked up by Michael Beltran for a babysitting job. After she is finished, they dine together and flirt with each other. Michael is frustrated with his wife and Shirley finds guys her age to be too immature. Shirley’s friends at school are Melissa and Brenda. Michael and his wife Gail meet with Michael’s friend Jerry, who has a business offer for Michael. Gail is frustrated that Michael wants to take it, while Michael gets curious about an abandoned train yard behind the restaurant that Gail shows no interest in. When Michael is driving Shirley home that night, they stop at the train yard and explore it, eventually sharing a kiss and having sex. Michael pays Shirley extra. Melissa discovers the truth about babysitting outings from Shirley and Michael tells Jerry about it. Michael asks Shirley if any of her other friends can “babysit” and Melissa volunteers. Shirley asks her for 20% of the money as her cut to which Melissa agrees. They convince Brenda to take the babysitting job as well and the girls set up a working business, going so far as to have business cards printed up. Michael learns that Shirley is babysitting for others besides him, which makes him uncomfortable. Problem arises when Brenda invites her rough and aggressive younger stepsister Nadine into the group without checking with Shirley. She soon starts her own competing business behind Shirley’s back, and Shirley starts to lose customers. Shirley confronts Brenda and Brenda agrees to search Nadine's room. She reports back that she found nothing. With Michael 'on watch', Shirley and Melissa search Nadine's locker but find nothing. They trash the school to hide their true motive. Melissa presents Shirley with fake permission slips for a trip to Jerry’s cabin for a weekend. The girls will be going under the make-believe of a school trip, while the men will be there on a “business retreat”. Michael is uncomfortable with Shirley being with other guys at the party. Jerry has supplied drugs at the party and attempts to rape Brenda. Brenda wants to quit and Shirley agrees but Melissa is worried that Brenda will talk. Melissa has several of their customers attack and threaten Brenda’s brother, while Shirley gets angry at Melissa. Michael’s wife confronts him about his distance and that he has been lying about his job situation and Michael finally voices some of his frustrations about the marriage, while Gail responds with hers. Michael tries to encourage Shirley to run away with him, while Shirley reminds him that this is just business and he’s cheating himself. She then tries unsuccessfully to contact Brenda. She hears that Nadine is babysitting without her knowledge and calls Melissa, who is with Jerry, and they go to confront her. Shirley discovers that it is her own father that is with Nadine. The movie ends with another voiceover by Shirley. Across the street from Michael's house Shirley sees Michael interacting with his family."] [' Billy the Kid is a young, up-and-coming snooker player. His manager, T.O. , a compulsive gambler, falls into debt with psychopathic loanshark the Wednesday Man, who offers to cancel T.O\'s debt if he can arrange a 17-frame grudge snooker match between Billy, and the reigning world champion Maxwell Randall . To ensure that both players will agree to the match, T.O hires a journalist, Miss Sullivan, to stir up trouble between them. She interviews Billy and the Vampire separately, asks them leading questions intended to elicit angry responses and provoke enmity, then prints the results. The match is set. Unknown to T.O., the Wednesday Man has hidden motives regarding the match. The sinister loanshark has engineered a clause in the game\'s legal documentation to the effect that the loser will agree to never play professional snooker again. Though the Vampire is close to retirement, Billy is young, and such a clause—if he loses—would greatly disadvantage him. T.O. only agrees when the Wednesday Man suggests that the Vampire will "not be at his best"; a clear insinuation that he will be bribed, or threatened. It is only later that T.O. discovers that this is a lie, and that the Wednesday Man is plotting with the Vampire, hates both him and Billy, and wishes to see them suffer. The match goes very badly for Billy, but when T.O. finally confesses, during a break, of his underhand dealings with the Wednesday Man  he manages to pull himself together and eventually win the match.'] ["Linda Randolph  looks for her husband on the island of Marado just east of Borneo. Although Linda is warned that Marado's jungles are “entirely too dangerous” for a woman, she persists through dangerous raft rides and wild crocodiles. She discovers that her husband is now the personal physician to the island’s enigmatic prince. The prince lusts for Linda, and a love triangle ensues."] ["The film opens in Mexico, in the home of an upper-class antiques salesman named Don Carlos Montero and his wife Rosario, whose son, Carlos or Carlitos, is accused of stealing by the principal of his school. Carlitos is scolded harshly by his father when he comes home, and is locked in his room. Carlitos runs away, but is found by an engineer named Julio Mistral who works in the forest. Julio returns the boy to his parents, and Don Carlos is very grateful. Julio becomes great friends with the Montero family, but in private asks Rosario why she really married such a harsh mannered and older man. One day, Rosario and Carlitos pay a visit to Julio in the forest, while Don Carlos spends the day in town on business. Carlitos enjoys himself immensely, fishing for trout. Rosario and Julio converse privately, and Julio notes how unhappy she is. Rosario reveals that she is unhappy because she married Don Carlos for his money when she was very young. Julio sympathizes her plight as a woman who has never truly loved, and they fall in love with each other. Rosario and Julio begin an affair, and Julio tries to convince her to run away with him to Brazil. She eventually agrees, but decides to wait, after Don Carlos suffers a severe heart attack. Don Carlos ultimately lives, and Rosario refuses to go with Julio, unable to separate Carlitos from his father, who had grown close since his illness. The film skips about 20 years into the future, where Carlos, and his younger brother, Miguel , have graduated from medical school. One day, news arrives that Julio Mistral has died and decided to will all of his money to Miguel. Initially, everybody is perplexed at this action, as Julio had never met Miguel.  Though it is not explicitly stated in the film, Carlos soon pieces together that Miguel was willed this money because he is the illegitimate child of Julio and his mother, Rosario. Carlos refuses Miguel's offer to share his inheritance, which he uses to build a new clinic, and begins acting bitter towards his mother and brother. Miguel becomes engaged to be married to a woman who Carlos is convinced wants to marry him for his money. At his wedding, Don Carlos collapses and dies from a heart attack. The film comes to a conclusion as Carlos finally discloses the truth about the inheritance to Miguel, who becomes very angry and fights Carlos. Rosario breaks up the fight, and confirms what Carlos has said. Miguel is distraught, and Rosario unapologetically tells them that Julio was the only man she ever loved. The brothers reconcile their differences at the sight of their emotional mother, wrought with sadness. Carlos leaves for the tropics to do research, and the film ends with Rosario placing a picture of Julio on her mantelpiece."] ["The Hammond family has been cursed since the Crusades, with family members dying or committing suicide under mysterious circumstances. When two people, including Oliver Hammond ([[John Howard  are attacked by an unknown creature, Robert Curtis ([[James Ellison  and his sidekick Christy  are dispatched to investigate. Although the local townspeople are convinced that the attacks are the result of a curse upon the Hammond family, Curtis believes that he will be able to find a more scientific explanation for the attacks. Curtis' investigation at the Hammond household reveals a number of unusual circumstances, including slamming doors and clanking chains, a recently-entered secret room that had supposedly been locked for years, and a statue of a strange dog-like creature in the Hammond family crypt. During his investigation, one of the initial victims of the attack dies  and the case is sent to an English jury for judgement. Upon hearing testimony from members of the Hammond family and their associates, the jury rules that the victim died at the hand of an unknown person or creature of unknown species. After the ruling, Curtis decides to look for evidence upon the body of the victim. He finds a hair that he later identifies as being from a wolf, but the hair disappears mysteriously soon after he analyzes it. The monster attacks again at the end of the movie, this time kidnapping Helga Hammond ([[Heather Angel , but Curtis and the police chase him down. When the monster is finally shot, it transforms into a human being and we discover that it is actually Oliver Hammond. Afterwards, Dr. Jeff Colbert , a friend of the Hammonds, reveals that they have been afflicted with lycanthropy for generations - that is, they are werewolves - and he had been attempting to cure them of the disease."] ["Dean, a young hood, and his wife take their disturbed young son, Shane, to a clinic where the boy is diagnosed by Stevie, a psychologist. They discover that the boy is autistic. As the couple's marriage falls apart, Stevie believes she can help Shane as well as possibly help Dean break away from the backstreet dealings that he is living with."] ['The film begins in 1988 while the Soviet bloc is beginning to disintegrate. František Louka, a middle-aged Czech man dedicated to bachelorhood and the pursuit of women, is a concert cellist struggling to make out a living by playing funerals at the Prague crematorium. He has lost his previous job at the Czech Philharmonic due to having been half-accidentally blacklisted as "politically unreliable" by the authorities. A friend offers him a chance to earn a great deal of money through a sham marriage to a Russian woman to enable her to stay in Czechoslovakia. The woman then uses her Czechoslovak citizenship to emigrate and join her boyfriend in West Germany. Due to a concurrence of circumstances, she has to leave behind her Russian-speaking five-year-old son, Kolya, for the disgruntled Czech musician to look after. At first Louka and Kolya have communication difficulties, as they don\'t speak each other\'s languages and the many false friend words that exist in Czech and Russian add to the confusion. Gradually, though, a bond forms between Louka and Kolya. The child suffers from suspected meningitis and has to be placed on a course of carefully monitored antibiotics. Louka is threatened with imprisonment for his suspect marriage and the child may be placed in a Russian children\'s home. The Velvet Revolution intervenes though, and Kolya is reunited with his mother. Louka and Kolya say their goodbyes.'] ['The film tells the tale of two policemen who go undercover to defeat narcotics trafficking among high school gangs. The film featured stark scenes of violence between inter-racial gangs, seemingly in order to portray an anti-discrimination sentiment.'] ['Captain Blackbird  meets the beautiful Lorna  on the island Pago Pago. However, Lorna is promised to the evil Chief Waki. She and her lover Lloyd Warren  beg the captain for help, but he refuses.'] ['The Cool and the Crazy tells the story of Ben Saul, a reform school graduate who is transferred to a Kansas City high school. There, Ben\'s clowning in class ticks off the local gang of tough guys, but he soon wins all of their admiration when he begins buying them beer, taking them to dances, giving them "kicks," and then finally turning them on to marijuana. Ben is working as a frontman for a local marijuana ring, but the local police detective is hot on his trail. When a marijuna-crazed addict teenager whom Ben has sold the drug to, dies trying to hold up a filling station for drug money, the police question him and events begin to spiral out of Ben\'s control. In the dramatic  finale, Ben ends up killing the pusher for more marijuana only to find that there is none, and gets his just deserts in a fiery car wreck. Then there is an obligatory moralizing segment, where a policeman screams at the surviving addicts, "Is this what you call \'kicks\'?! Sooner or later, if you don\'t wise up you\'re all gonna wind up like this, one way or the other."'] ['While listening to a recording of "Penny Serenade," Julie Gardiner Adams  begins reflecting on her past. Roger  and Julie Adams suffer a tragedy when she miscarries in an earthquake during their 1923 stay in Japan . They are told that she cannot have children. They request to adopt a two-year old boy, but ultimately adopt a much younger girl. They struggle to make ends meet and to retain their parental rights when Roger loses his job. When the little girl dies suddenly, the emotional strain threatens to destroy their marriage. Songs mark episodes in the action from records from their collection&mdash;the title refers to a song of the same name. In the end, they are offered the opportunity to adopt a little boy who matches their original request, miraculously saving their marriage.http://www.allmovie.com/work/penny-serenade-37643'] ["Grayson's traveling carnival comes to Munich with acts that include high-dive artist Frank Collini and silent strongman Groppo. A local girl named Willi picks the pocket of Joe, who works for the carny, but she ends up being offered a job. Joe makes romantic advances to Willi, who tries to resist him but can't. Collini asks if she would like to become a part of his act, which involves diving into a flaming tank of water from a great height. He also proposes marriage on Willi's first night as part of the show. Magazine photographer Bill comes to take their picture as The Great Collinis' fame grows. Collini gives a beating to Joe after catching him with Willi, whereupon he plunges to his death after a rung on his high-dive ladder breaks. Willi inherits $5,000. Joe spends the night with her, but next morning is gone, as is her money. She eventually gets Joe to confess that he sawed Collini's rung in two, deliberately causing his death. As they quarrel, strongman Groppo comes to Willi's rescue, kills Joe and is led away by the police."] ['The story centers on a young woman named Percy  who served prison time. Upon her release, she arrives in a small town in Maine with hopes of beginning a new life. She works as a waitress in the Spitfire Grill, owned by Hannah , whose gruff exterior conceals a kind heart and precious little tolerance for the grill\'s regular customers, who cast their suspicions on Percy\'s mysterious past. No one is more suspicious than Nahum, Hannah\'s nephew, although his wife, Shelby, has a kinder curiosity. When Hannah becomes bedridden due to a nasty fall, Percy and Shelby pitch in to save the Grill and win the approval of Hannah, who learns that she does need friends. Joe, an attractive young man in town, becomes smitten with Percy, and brings to town a scientist who thinks that the town\'s trees might cure cancer and arthritis. As the plot unfolds, Hannah holds a $100-per-entry essay contest to find a new owner for the grill. This creates a positive change in the town, but the plans are disrupted by Nahum\'s suspicions and the revelation that a local hermit is really Hannah\'s shell-shocked Vietnam veteran son. Percy sacrifices her own life to save Hannah\'s son and prompts a number of characters in the town to consider their own conduct more deeply. Overall, the film deals with powerful themes of redemption, hatred, compassion, independence, the economic problems of small towns, the plight of Vietnam War veterans and to some extent female empowerment. A "trick" of the film is that while it may be expected that the redemption will primarily be of Percy, in fact other characters and relationships, and indeed the town itself, are powerfully redeemed through the actions of Percy.'] ["Cagney plays a truck driver named Danny Kenny, who starts as a New York boxing contender. Ann Sheridan plays his girlfriend, Peggy. Being successful as a boxer, Danny decides to financially help his brother Eddie ([[Arthur Kennedy  to become a professional musician. Peggy on the other hand, loses her heart to Murray Burns , a professional dancer, and she turns down Danny's proposal in order to go for a dancing career. Embittered by Peggy's refusal, Danny continues to work as a boxer and eventually gets blinded by his opponent during a fight, who has placed some rosin dust onto his gloves. Now partly blind, Danny works as a newspaper stand operator, while Peggy is seized with remorse after her career as a dancer had not come true. The movie ends with Eddie being a successful composer who dedicates his first major symphony at Carnegie Hall to his brother, who is listening to the concert on the radio from his newsstand."] ['Pedro, a shepherd, is sleeping in his Pyrenean mountain hut when his herd is attacked by a lone wolf. He awakens to defend his sheep, and strangles the wolf. In the Catalan lowlands , the construction of a canal is completed and diverts water from the farms and fields of the peasants to support the prized bulls of the landowner, Don Sebastian, marquis of Roccabruno. The request of the peasants for water is arrogantly rejected. He has, however, significant debts and needs money. The rich Amelia plans to marry him, but he offends her. Martha, a “beggar dancer”, has come to the village, and entertains the people. Sebastian sees her and takes her to his castle, enchanted by her beauty and grace. He keeps her as his mistress in a "golden cage". Martha pleads with him to listen to the plight of the peasants, but he rejects their request again. Seeing his arrogance and inhumanity she runs away. She collapses in exhaustion in the mountains where Pedro finds her and takes her to his hut. Sebastian\'s men locate her and return her to the castle. Sebastian in dire need to settle his finances conjures a plan. He will marry Amelia, but to keep Martha as a mistress, - he wants her married to somebody he can manipulate and control. Pedro is asked to marry her and installed in a mill under Sebastian’s control. For this Martha despises Pedro at first, but once she realizes that he married her out of love she responds. Sebastian arrives to be with his mistress. A fight ensues, and Pedro strangles him like he had done with the wolf. In the final scene Pedro and Martha walk up to the mountains.'] ['Phillip , left after high school to make his fortune. He returns to his Midwest hometown of Cuba. He has a reputation of having "made it" in the southern California movie industry. Karen Black plays Phillip\'s mom. Natasha Gregson Wagner plays Phillip\'s special needs sister, Sarah Ruth. The film opens as two locals with highway vests marked "Animal Control" pick up a dog carcass on the main road. Phillip arrives in the back of a taxi. The town\'s theater has been boarded up for ten years. The Foster\'s Freeze is still open for business. Everyone including a local police officer seems to remember Phillip. Dorothy  was a high school cheerleader and the object of Phillip\'s romantic desire. She engaged in a suicide gesture at one point before the film\'s script begins. As the film starts, Dorothy is in an on-and-off romance with Curtis Lasky, . Lasky, and another former high school bully, run a tow car service and fantasize about opening an appliance dealership. Dorothy and two other high school friends operate a hair salon. Blessed William  runs a cigar store in the town of Cuba. Everybody in this small town knows about everyone else\'s personal life. Small town stereotypes are propagated: there is incest, people recite scripture from memory, have drawls, chew tobacco, brawl often, and are alcoholic.'] ['Ashes and Embers is a two-hour film about the travails of black urban life. It is the story of a moody and disillusioned black veteran of the Vietnam War.Maslin, Janet, New York Times, "Review: Ashes and Embers", November 17, 1982.'] ["A melodrama about a female prisoner who meets a man while on leave to visit her mother's grave. Not knowing that the man is a thief, she promises to meet him at a park two years later, after she is released from prison.Synopsis from {{cite web}}"] ['Oh-sung, a doctor at a hospice facility, is emotionally scarred by the experience of losing his parents as a child. One night he meets Young-ju, a make-up artist who has been diagnosed with terminal stomach cancer. Despite having very little time together, the two start to develop feelings for each other.'] ['Total strangers Dan Hardesty  and Joan Ames  meet by chance in a bar in Hong Kong. They share a single drink before parting. They romantically shatter their glasses and leave the broken stems crossed on the counter. Outside the bar, Dan is handcuffed by Lieutenant Steve Burke ([[Pat O\'Brien  of the San Francisco police. Burke has spent a year chasing the convicted murderer around the world. By chance, Dan and Joan are traveling on the same ocean liner to San Francisco. Once they are underway, Steve allows Dan the freedom of the ship. Dan and Joan fall in love, but neither tells the other that they are facing death. Dan has been sentenced to be hanged and Joan has only weeks or at best months to live, due to a weak heart. Also aboard are two of Dan\'s crooked friends, the "Comtesse de Bresac"  and Rockingham T. Rockingham . They help plan Dan\'s escape at Honolulu, the only stop along the way. The Comtesse, actually a con artist trained by Dan and in love with him herself, is assigned to keep Steve occupied. A romance develops between the mismatched pair. Just before they reach Honolulu, Steve has Dan put in the ship\'s brig. However, the Comtesse slips Steve some sleeping pills and gets the key. Dan makes his break, but is spotted by Joan. He agrees to postpone his "business" and go with her on a mountain outing as they had planned. They spend a blissful few hours together. On the way back, Dan stops and gets out before they reach the ship. This sudden and unexplained act agitates Joan so much, she collapses. Dan carries her back aboard, much to the dismay of his friends. The ship\'s doctor tells Dan about Joan\'s bleak prognosis. Later, when they reach San Francisco, a newspaper reporter informs Joan of Dan\'s fate. She rushes to see him one last time. They bid each other goodbye, each concealing their knowledge of the other\'s doom. They promise to reunite at a bar in Mexico City on New Year\'s Eve. On that day, the bartenders there are surprised when two glasses break of their own accord and the stems are crossed.'] ["New York novelist Tony Barrett  and his wife Dora  have accumulated serious debts as a result of their fast and affluent lifestyle in the big city. When he approaches his publisher expecting an advance on his newest novel, Tony is told that success has gone to his head and the novel is unpublishable. With few options available, Tony and Dora move to his family's run-down farm in Connecticut, where they meet his neighbors, a Polish farmer, Jan Novak , and his beautiful daughter, Manya . Looking to expand his own property, Mr. Novak offers Tony $5,000 for a field bordering the Novak farm. With their finances replenished, Dora returns to New York, leaving Tony at the farm, where he intends to write a new novel inspired by the Novaks and their friends. Sometime later, Tony and Manya are at his house discussing her betrothal to Fredrik , the young man chosen by her father to be her husband. A drunken Tony tells Manya that she is not in love with the young man, and makes suggestive remarks that anger her. The following day, Tony apologizes to Manya and the two begin a close friendship. After Tony's servant leaves to return to New York, Manya begins spending more time at Tony's farm and the two fall in love, just like the characters in his new novel, Stephen and Sonya. Fredrik soon learns that Manya has been seeing Tony at his farm, and he and her father forbid her from seeing Tony again. Ignoring their orders, Manya continues to spend time with the novelist at his house. One evening, a snow storm prevents Manya from returning home. The next morning, Mr. Novak angrily confronts Tony at his farm. Later, he demands that Manya marry Fredrik the following Monday. When Manya tells him that she will not spend her life being an unpaid servant like her mother, Novak slaps her. Later that day, Dora arrives back at the farm, telling her husband that she missed him terribly during their separation. Dora hears stories about the previous night, but she hopes that they mean nothing, until she reads his new manuscript about the love affair between Stephen and Sonya. On the night before her wedding, Manya goes to see Tony, but finds Dora instead. The two speak about Tony's new novel and how it will end—both realizing that they are really speaking about their own lives. Dora tells Manya that she is sure that Stephen's wife, Daphne, will not give up her husband, but that she would feel sorry for Sonya. Manya tells her about the upcoming wedding, and then leaves. Tony returns home and asks Dora for a divorce, but she refuses, telling him that his novel should end with Sonya marrying her Polish fiancé. The next day, after learning that Manya and Fredrik are getting married, Tony goes to the wedding party and dances with Manya, and then returns home. Later, a drunken Fredrik, angered by his fiancé's lack of passion and interest, storms out of their bedroom and heads over to Tony's house to confront the man he suspects is to blame. Manya follows him to Tony's house, where she attempts to stop Fredrik from fighting with Tony on the stairs. During the struggle, Manya falls down the stairs and is seriously injured. Tony carries her to the parlor, where he tells her he loves her, just before she dies. Later, Dora tells Tony that he can now see Manya privately. Gazing out the window, Tony tells her about how full of life Manya was and imagines that she is waving to him."] [' While the novel is told by a third-person narrator in strict chronological order, the film uses voice-over narration . The story is framed by the questioning of Mildred by police after they discover the body of her second husband, Monte Beragon. The film, in noir fashion, opens with Beragon  being shot. He murmurs the name "Mildred" as he collapses and dies. The police are led to believe that the murderer is restaurant owner Mildred Pierce\'s  first husband, Bert Pierce , who under interrogation confesses to the crime. She then relates her life story in flashback. We see housewife Mildred married to a newly unemployed Pierce. Bert at the time was a real estate partner of Wally Fay  who propositioned Mildred after learning that she and Bert were about to divorce. In the divorce, Mildred obtained custody of her two daughters: 16-year-old Veda , a bratty social climber and aspiring pianist, and 10-year-old Kay , a tomboy. Mildred\'s principal goal is to provide for eldest daughter Veda, who longs for possessions the family cannot afford. Mildred needs a job and the best she can find is as a waitress – a fact she hides from Veda. One day, Veda gives their maid, Lottie , Mildred\'s waitress uniform, thinking nothing of it, until Mildred admits her employment as a waitress, infuriating Veda, who thinks it lowly. Kay contracts pneumonia and dies; to bury her grief, Mildred throws herself into opening a new restaurant on the coast . With the help of her new friend and former supervisor, Ida , Mildred\'s new restaurant is a success. Wally Fay helps Mildred buy the property, and then it expands into a chain of "Mildred\'s" throughout Southern California. Mildred continues to smother Veda in affection and worldly goods, but Veda is nonetheless appalled by Mildred\'s common background and choice of profession while becoming more preoccupied with materialistic possessions. Mildred goes as far as entering into a loveless marriage with the formerly wealthy Monte Beragon in order to improve her social standing to gain her daughter\'s approval. Beragon lives the life of a playboy supported financially by Mildred, much to Mildred\'s dismay and potential ruin. Mildred ends up losing the business thanks to Monte\'s manipulation and Veda\'s greed. When Veda takes up with the scheming Monte, a showdown ensues at the beach house where the film began. We discover what really happened: that Veda, furious over Monte\'s unwillingness to marry her, is the one who shoots him. Mildred can cover for her daughter no more, and Veda is led off to jail. As Mildred leaves the police station, Bert is waiting for her.'] ['The story involves a woman who is found dead hanging from a chandelier in a posh mansion occupied by Victor Grandison. Grandison, a popular "true crime" radio story host, has arranged for the murder and set it up to look like suicide. The police have no reason to doubt it, but a mysterious man arrives claiming to be Grandison\'s niece\'s husband and immediately begins to investigate the killing.'] ["Olivia , a New York nightclub dancer, tires of the fast life and marries Henry Linden , a farmer. When Olivia moves to her new husband's farm, in Wisconsin, she encounters trouble from his domineering sister-in-law Hannah  and his brother David, , who do not approve of her. Olivia finds an ally in David's wife, Judy , who is in a loveless marriage. Olivia comes to realize that she and Judy are in the same situation. Olivia's living situation is further complicated when David defends her from the unwanted advances of a farm hand and he begins to fall in love with her. Henry is unaware of this; but, when Hannah finds out what is going on, sets fire to the home in a drunken rage. Olivia saves a badly burned Judy, and David realizes he has loved Judy after all. Olivia then decides to leave the farm; and, as she drives away, Henry joins her and they leave together."] ['Ajay Sharma , is a man who seeks revenge. His father, Vishwanath Sharma , once owner of a great business empire, was defrauded by Madan Chopra , a trusted employee in Vishwanath\'s company. The Sharma family is ousted from their own company and loses everything they owned. Soon afterwards, Ajay\'s father and his young baby sister die due to illness, unable to buy medicine because of their destitute state. His mother  is now suffering from mental illness and memory loss. Driven over the edge, Ajay becomes obsessed with killing Chopra and destroying his family. Ajay begins dating Seema Chopra , the daughter of the owner of Chopra business empire. They meet secretly as her father would not approve of a poor son-in-law. Meanwhile, the younger daughter Priya Chopra  travels with her father Madan Chopra to Madras , for Madan\'s final kart race before he retires permanently. Madan has never lost before, but comes across Vicky Malhotra . Vicky allows Madan to win by slowing at the last corner and tells him that he couldn\'t beat his "guru". Vicky then charms Priya by saying that he lost the race as he couldn\'t break the heart of a beautiful girl. Thus his ploy of winning in spite of losing  succeeds as he wins Priya\'s heart. This way, he manages to date both Seema and Priya simultaneously using different identities. Ajay is  photographed lurking outside the birthday party of Seema by one of her friends. Later Madan Chopra arranges for Seema to be married off to another business family. Seema is heartbroken, and Ajay decides that they will write identical suicide notes and commit suicide. After they each write their suicide notes, he tells her that the suicide note was just a test. He says that only cowards commit suicide and destroys his note, while keeping Seema\'s. They decide to marry secretly the next day. When they arrive, the registrar is closed, so they go up to the roof of the building for sightseeing. He makes her sit on the parapet and tells her the truth about himself, after which he throws her to her death from the rooftop of the building. He then posts the suicide note and leaves, but arrives later  with Priya. He helps the Chopra family with the funeral. The letter written by Seema implies that she has committed suicide, and the murder investigation is closed. Priya cannot believe that, and asks her father to re-open the case. However, he disagrees, saying he doesn\'t want to lose his reputation due to Seema\'s affair. Priya then asks Karan , who is her former classmate and a current police inspector, for help. Priya tries to investigate Seema\'s death, however her attempts prove unsuccessful. Ravi, Seema\'s college friend, offers to help her, but is brutally killed by Vicky. As Vicky forces him to sign a suicide note before hanging him, Karan thinks that Ravi must have been in love with Seema and hence her murderer. Later, Priya and Vicky meet Seema\'s college friend, Anjali, who becomes suspicious of him. When she finds out that he was Seema\'s boyfriend back in college, she calls the Sharma household during Vicky\'s and Priya\'s engagement party. Vicky intercepts the phone and impersonates Chopra, and then arrives at her place. He strangles her, then fits her body in a suitcase and throws it in the river. Vicky vows to destroy Madan Chopra, confiscate his assets and throw him out of his office and onto the street, just like Chopra did many years ago to Ajay\'s father. Chopra needs to go on a business trip, and knowing that Vicky\'s his soon to be son-in-law, gives Vicky the Power of attorney. Vicky does a carbon copy of the previous montage of Chopra, and within days seizes everything. One day in a club Vicky takes Priya to calm her mind, where they meet Ajay\'s childhood friend, who greets him as Ajay. While Vicky tries to ignore him, Priya tells the man that he is mistaken, and that Ajay is Vicky Malhotra. Ajay\'s friend repeatedly tries to remind Vicky  about their friendship. Vicky feels trapped and tries to get out of the mess by abusing him and gets in a scuffle with him. Priya visits Ajay\'s friend and the whole truth is revealed to her. When Chopra returns, Vicky reveals himself as Vishwanath Sharma\'s son Ajay and gives him the exact sendoff that Chopra did 15–20 years ago. Priya finds Ajay\'s home address, and finds out his real identity. Ajay comes in and they argue about Seema\'s murder. Ajay wins her over by telling her the history of their two families. Madan charges in with a group of thugs and shoots Ajay in the shoulder before he is severely beaten and wounded. Ajay\'s Mother is then knocked unconscious trying to defend Ajay. This prompts him to recover and fight Madan and his gang all alone. Chopra eventually picks up a stake and mortally stabs Ajay. However, Ajay manages to impale him with the same stake by walking into him, and they jump off a small cliff. Chopra dies, and Ajay  manages to stagger back to his mother. He tells her that he has reclaimed what is rightfully hers. Mrs. Sharma is cured of her illness, but is beset by sorrow, along with Priya crying beside her, as Ajay dies in their arms.'] ["Lana Turner plays Adriana Roman, a successful stage actress who retires to marry Charles Winthrop , a wealthy tycoon. Winthrop's daughter, Lisa , is instantly distrustful of Adriana. When Charles is killed in a boating accident, Lisa's new boyfriend Johnny  capitalizes on that distrust to lead Lisa to believe that her father's death was murder – a charge exacerbated by Adriana's threat, as per her late husband's instructions, to disinherit Lisa if she marries Johnny. Johnny and Lisa conspire secretly to dose Adriana's sleeping pills with enough LSD to drive her insane. Though they accomplish their goal – and Adriana is committed to a mental hospital – a playwright friend of Adriana's  suspects foul play. He writes a play detailing Adriana's traumatic experiences and casts her in the lead role, hoping that replaying her experience on stage will cure her."] ['The Age of Success is a melodrama about lust for success and revenge at a company that makes sweeteners.Synopsis from {{cite web}}'] ['The film begins with construction completion of a water canal to the village, set in the present. Radha , as the \'mother\' of the village, is asked to open the canal and remembers back to her past when she was newly married. The wedding between Radha and Shamu  was paid for by Radha\'s mother-in-law who raised a loan from the moneylender, Sukhilala. This event starts the spiral of poverty and hardship which Radha endures. The conditions of the loan are disputed, but the village elders decide in favour of the moneylender, after which Shamu and Radha are forced to pay three quarters of their crop as interest on the loan of 500 rupees. Whilst trying to bring more of their land into use to alleviate their poverty, Shamu\'s arms are crushed by a boulder. He is ashamed of his helplessness and is humiliated by others in the village; deciding that he is no use to his family, he leaves and does not return. Soon after, Radha\'s mother-in-law dies. Radha continues to work in the fields with her two sons and gives birth again. Sukhilala offers to help alleviate her poverty in return for Radha marrying him, but she refuses to "sell herself". A storm and a resultant flood sweeps through the village, destroys the harvest, and kills Radha\'s youngest child. Though at first the villagers begin to migrate, they decide to stay and rebuild on the urging of Radha. The film then skips forward several years to when Radha\'s two surviving children, Birju  and Ramu , are young men. Birju, embittered by the exactions of Sukhilala since he was a child, takes out his frustrations by pestering the village girls, especially Sukhilala\'s daughter. Ramu, by contrast, has a calmer temper and is married soon after. Though he becomes a father, his wife is soon absorbed into the cycle of poverty in the family. Birju\'s anger finally becomes dangerous and, after being provoked, attacks Sukhilala and his daughter, lashing out at his family. He is chased out of the village and becomes a bandit. On the day of the wedding of Sukhilala\'s daughter, Birju returns to take his revenge. He kills Sukhilala and takes his daughter. Radha, who had promised that Birju would not do harm, shoots Birju, who dies in her arms. The film ends in the present day with her opening of the canal and reddish water flowing into the fields.'] ['{{plot}} The film begins with Serafina Delle Rose  proudly praising her husband Rosario  to her female neighbours in a shopping market, before revealing that she is pregnant with their second child. When she goes home with her shopping she finds Rosario asleep in bed and whispers to him that she is with child. Emerging from his room she finds a young woman named Estelle  at the door who wants her to make a shirt for her lover from some expensive silk material she has bought. It transpires that Rosario is her lover as, when Serafina is out of the room, she steals a photograph of him from Serafina\'s sideboard before departing. Later that night Rosario is out working  and Serafina is busy working on the shirt for her customer. The women of the neighbourhood discover that Rosario has been killed in a road accident whilst trying to speed away from the police; it transpires that he was smuggling something illegal. When Serafina discovers her beloved husband\'s demise she collapses, and later the local doctor informs her daughter Rosa  and the women of the neighbourhood that Serafina has miscarried. Three years later Serafina is a recluse, having withdrawn from the world. She has allowed her appearance to deteriorate. That particular day is the day of the high school graduation and the women of the neighbourhood are impatiently banging on her front door for their daughters\' graduation dresses. Rosa is also begging for her graduation dress from her mother, but Serafina has locked them—along with the rest of Rosa\'s clothes—away. As all the girls are late for school, Rosa\'s teacher turns up in the neighbourhood demanding to know what is keeping them. She goes to the Delle Rose household and eventually makes Serafina see sense and she hands all the girls their dresses. After much thought Serafina decides to attend her daughter\'s graduation and, comically, tries to get ready. During this time two women arrive asking if Serafina can quickly mend their bandanas for a festival they are going to. Serafina reluctantly does so, but is appalled by their talk of men and reprimands them however. However one of the women, Bessie , takes offence and decides to inform Serafina that her late husband was no saint; quite the contrary he was having an affair. Serafina does not go to the graduation ceremony after this revelation, but instead sits alone in the dark until Rosa comes home. She is infuriated when Rosa introduces her to her new boyfriend Jack Hunter  and insists that she will never see him again. Rosa then runs away with Jack in disgust at her mother\'s actions, before a van driver named Alvaro  turns up asking for lodgings. A reluctant Serafina allows him to stay for the night and the two proceed to get drunk. As Alvaro flatters Serafina with compliments she begins to talk of her late husband, mentioning that he used to have a rose tattooed on his chest. Later that night Alvaro returns, having got a rose tattooed on his chest. Serafina is disgusted and goes to throw him out, stating that he is dishonouring Rosario\'s memory. Seeing the look of discomfort on his face at the mention of her late husband\'s name, Serafina goes to question him if he knew Rosario or not. Alvaro is uncomfortable, and Serafina goes on to ask him if he was unfaithful to her. When he does not respond she throws him out. Serafina visits Father De Leo and asks if anyone had confessed about having an affair with Rosario. The priest insists that he cannot divulge this, but the look on his face says it all and she persists. She is thrown out of the chapel, and is mocked by her female neighbours. Depressed, Serafina meets Alvaro and insists that he drive her to a club her husband used to attend. Once there she meets Estelle who asked her to make a silk shirt for her lover and guesses correctly that she was having an affair with him. Estelle confesses that she was having an affair with Rosario before proceeding to show Serafina the rose tattooed on her chest as a symbol of her love for Rosario. Returning home she smashes Rosario\'s urn containing his ashes and gives Alvaro the silk shirt that the woman had wanted made for Rosario, before inviting him to spend the night. Alvaro turns up hours later at the Delle Rose household intoxicated and, mortified by her actions, Serafina leaves him in a drunken stupor and retires to bed. That night Rosa returns home and falls asleep on the sofa. As Alvaro awakes from his drunken stupor he sees Serafina\'s beautiful daughter lying there asleep and moves over to kiss her. As he does Rosa wakes up and screams, before confronting her mother as to why there is a strange man in the house. Serafina gets rid of him, but the following morning she finds him on top of a telephone pole outside her house begging for her forgiveness. Serafina and Rosa are extremely embarrassed and Serafina refuses to leave the house in order to make him come down, much to Rosa\'s frustration. At that moment Jack arrives and asks Serafina if he can marry Rosa. Serafina is stunned, but seeing that this is what Rosa wants she gives them her consent and they leave to be married. Serafina then calls Alvaro down from the telephone pole before declaring in front of her neighbours that they have to pick up from where they left off the night before. As they enter the house Serafina puts on the radio whilst Alvaro pours them a drink and they laugh together. Much of the film was shot on location in Key West, Florida, although the setting is not specifically mentioned in the film. The house featured in the film stands to this day and is known, appropriately, as the "Rose Tattoo House". The premier of the movie was held at the Hotel Astor, New York on December 2, 1955, with the attendance of Arthur Miller, Marlon Brando, Marilyn Monroe and Jayne Mansfield among other celebrities.'] ["The only son of the Royal Astrologer, Narsin  namely Gopal  is not interested in astrology but in music and songs, much to the dismay of Narsin. Gopal's talents are well-known and he could become the Emperor's Chief Musician if he wins in the contest. His rivals live next door, and in order to win the approval of the emperor , they poison Gopal's drink, and Gopal loses his voice completely. His mom  is sorry at the loss of his voice. A young dancing girl, Gopi  takes interest in Gopal, and through her help and a hard knock on the head, he recovers his voice. But Gopal's challenges are far from over, and he will be called upon to prove his worth, as well as his association with Gopi."] ["Brad Sheridan  and Midge Sheridan  cannot have children of their own. Midge and Brad decide to adopt and inquire at an adoption agency. Learning of an abandoned child left at the police station, Midge is determined to have the baby as her own, but Brad refuses to go along with Midge's plans until he can find out something about the child's parents, which then makes the boy an adoption risk."] ["When high school music teacher Michael McCann discovers his wife is pregnant by another man, the couple divorce and Michael retreats into a life of solitude as a maker of finely crafted furniture in rural Virginia. Five years later, his only companion is a valuable collection of gold coins. But his heart is about to be hurt again when Danny Newland, the unsavory younger brother of politician John Newland, crashes his brother's car outside the woods surrounding Michael's house. Desperate to recoup the loss of the car, Danny steals Michael's coins while he is sleeping, takes off into the night and is never seen again. In a winter storm, Michael is startled to discover a toddler has wandered into his home while he was outside gathering wood. A short distance away he discovers the body of her mother, a heroin addict whose car had run out of gas nearby. Unbeknownst to him, the child is the illegitimate daughter of John Newland, who participates in the investigation but keeps his relationship to the little girl a secret in order to protect his career. Michael is permitted to adopt the child and christens her Mathilda. She proves to be a bit of a handful in her early years, but with the help of friend and local shopkeeper April Simon, Michael manages to raise her to be a bright, personable, precocious young lady, and the once sour, lonely man is transformed by her presence. As John Newland watches his daughter grow older, he begins to invite her to join him and wife Nancy in their home. John arranges for her to learn to ride a horse, eventually giving her one of her own. Due to Nancy's two miscarriages and the couple's deep desire to have a child, Nancy insists on adoption. John finally reveals Mathilda's true identity and his desire to adopt her properly. Nancy encourages him to gain custody of the girl, and a trial ensues. Although the lawyer tries to manipulate the court and Mathilda herself to see that the Newlands are the better parents, Mathilda herself still refuses and honestly prefers Michael. The judge is inclined to side with the Newlands, given their wealth and ability to provide Mathilda with advantages she never would have with Michael. Then the remains of Danny Newland - surrounded by the gold coins he had stolen from Michael - are found at the bottom of a quarry his brother was draining to create a lake surrounded by prime real estate he planned to sell for a tidy profit. Michael's sudden return to wealth  turns the tide in his favor, and it is decided Mathilda will remain with him. The film ends with Mathilda visiting her late mother's grave, which, due to John never saying her name to hide his own political status, was placed in a cemetery for unclaimed bodies."] ['Barbara Covett  teaches history at a comprehensive school in London. A lonely old spinster, Barbara\'s only "intimate relationship" is with herself by means of a diary. When a new, younger teacher, Sheba Hart , starts at the school, Barbara feels drawn to her and believes that she "may be the one". Barbara discovers that Sheba is having an affair with a student, Steven Connolly ([[Andrew Simpson , and confronts her. When Sheba asks her not to tell the school administration until Christmas so that she can be with her family, Barbara explains she has no intention of telling, as long as she ends the relationship. However, Sheba does not end the affair with Steven, causing Barbara to taunt her emotionally and draw her down, leading her to end the affair with Steven. In months passing, Barbara\'s grasp on Sheba slowly starts to take hold, with Barbara manipulating and emotionally blackmailing her, causing her attentions to be divided between her family and Barbara. When Barbara\'s cat dies and Sheba\'s loyalties are easily divided, Sheba\'s husband Richard shouts in anger that her friend is being an evident pain and that his wife is being twisted by Barbara. Alone and feeling betrayed, Barbara seeks revenge by revealing Sheba\'s affair to a fellow teacher who comes to her asking her if Sheba is interested in him. The fellow teacher spreads the "playground rumour" to Steven\'s mother. Mrs. Connolly then comes to Sheba\'s home and hits Sheba. Afterwards, Sheba and her husband Richard bitterly argue. In Barbara\'s voice-over, she reveals she is glad that they are arguing, knowing that Sheba will come to her for comfort, which had been Barbara\'s plan to start with. The next day, the media, as well as the school administration, are alerted, and Sheba\'s affair and her life are turned upside down by the collapse of her marriage, the destroyed relationship with her children and the loss of her job. Barbara is fired from the school after denying to the headmaster that she knew of the relationship; he confronts her with a copy of a restraining order taken out against Barbara by another fellow teacher whom she had previously befriended. Sheba ends up moving into Barbara\'s house, believing that the affair became known because Steven confessed it to his mother, but Sheba soon finds Barbara\'s diary and learns that it was Barbara who leaked the story of the affair, on account of the rather sexual attraction Barbara seems to have for her. When Barbara returns from a shopping round, she is confronted by a furious Sheba, who strikes her in anger. Barbara says she has done her a favour by getting her out of a hopeless marriage. The two of them continue to shout and fight with one another, and Sheba claims that Barbara never really liked her, but in fact manipulated her for her own personal needs. Sheba runs outside with Barbara\'s journal, to streams of reporters and photographers. She shouts at them in a deluded fashion, but becomes hemmed in by a crush of reporters and photographers, at which point Barbara rescues her. Sheba\'s emotions spent, she quietly tells Barbara that she had initiated the friendship because she had liked her  and they could have been friends. Barbara says she needs more than a friend. Sheba leaves Barbara, placing the journal on the table. Sheba returns to her family home. Richard answers the door. The two face one another silently for several moments, and then Richard allows her to enter. Sheba is sentenced to 10 months, and the last scene is Barbara meeting another younger woman who is reading a newspaper reporting the Sheba Hart affair. Barbara says she used to know Sheba, but then downplays the relationship by acting as if they hardly knew each other. Barbara quickly introduces herself, and the other woman introduces herself as Annabel. The pair continue to talk. Barbara mentions attending a classical concert and invites Annabel to join her.'] ["{{Plot}} Robert Bridgestone , a divorced father, takes his son, Richie, up to the family mountain cabin. As the movie opens we see the car winding through the hills, and zoom in on a very unpleasant looking werewolf running around the woods along the side of the road, and finally snarling at the camera through some branches. The two arrive at the cabin and unpack, then Robert suggests they eat in town after taking a late night walk through the woods. Needless to say, the werewolf has been watching them, waiting for his moment to strike, and as the father and son stroll around the dark woods, sure enough, the werewolf jumps out and attacks Richie. Dad rushes to the rescue, and a violent fight follows, ending in the werewolf tripping and falling over a cliff...but not before biting Robert. Richie looks down to see the monster, impaled on a wooden fence at the bottom of a ravine, only now it has changed back to human form. The Sheriff concludes that a crazy drifter attacked the two, and is satisfied to leave it at that, despite the disturbing fact that absolutely no identification can be made on the man. Richie insists it was a werewolf that attacked them, and his father and the Sheriff are amused at his childish imagination. Robert takes Richie home to his mother, Sandy , who is immediately treated to an excited Richie's recounting of his dad's brave fight with a werewolf, as well as her former husband's clear interest in reuniting. She appears to have no such interest herself, but is adamant that Robert have a talk with Richie's psychiatrist. He agrees, reluctantly, and makes an appointment. The psychiatrist  tells Robert that Richie's werewolf fixation stems from his inability to accept that his father killed a man, and instead has concocted a fantasy wherein his father bravely battles a monster. He suggests that Robert take his son back up to the mountain cabin, predicting that when Richie is returned to the scene of the crime and sees that everything is normal, his interest in werewolves will cease. Travelling up to the cabin during another cycle of the full moon, they pass a hippie Jesus commune, and Richie asks if they can stop and visit. His father reminds Richie that they are going to do some fishing and have a grill-out afterwards, and tells him they will stop and watch the hippies the next time. Upon arriving at the cabin, they begin to unpack, and Robert suddenly is hit with a wave of pain. He tells Richie to take the fishing poles down to the stream, and that he will join him in a minute. Stumbling into the storage shed below the cabin, Robert looks into an old mirror and watches, horrified, as he turns into a carbon copy of the creature that he had killed the previous month. Later, at the stream, Richie hears something coming through the brush, and looks up to see, not his father, but the hideous werewolf, apparently resurrected from the dead. He runs, screaming through the dark woods, the werewolf in hot pursuit. Richie crosses a mountain road, and the werewolf gets halfway across, when a car's headlights illuminate the wolfman, who screams and gestures wildly. The car goes over an embankment. Suddenly a TV repair truck, travelling down the other lane, picks out the creature in its headlights, and the driver swerves and hits the hillside on the opposite side of the road. The werewolf runs to the crash, and the driver, still alive, is viciously attacked and dismembered by the vicious monster. Richie witnesses all of this and then continues his flight through the dark night, finally finding a camper belonging to two newlyweds. He tells them his story, and although they aren't ready to believe in werewolves, see the boy is distressed, and the man agrees to take Richie home. Upon arriving back at the cabin, they discover that Richie's father is not there, and Richie begs the man to let him return with him to the camper for the night. The next morning Robert, appearing dazed and confused, shows up at the camper, and tells the couple he has been searching for Richie all night. Richie tells his dad about the werewolf, but Robert is clearly losing patience with his son's fantasies. The next night, another full moon, and this time the werewolf, stealthily opening the cabin door and creeping silently through the house, is disappointed to discover that Richie has anticipated his moves, and hidden himself. The werewolf leaves the cabin, where he seeks out the newlywed couple, pushes their camper down a steep hill, and drags the bodies out to mutilate them, beheading one of them, and saving the head as a sort of trophy, which he carries back to the cabin in a burlap bag. He returns to the cabin just before daybreak, sneaking into the shed beneath, and digging a hole which he plans to bury his victim's head in. Richie, hearing the werewolf return, sneaks down into the shed to see what is going on, and witnesses the werewolf's transformation back into his father. The Sheriff visits seconds after the transformation is complete, to report on the killings of the previous night, apparently convinced that there must be a connection between the horrible attack on the TV repairman, and the newlyweds. On the drive home, Richie questions his father about his actions on the previous evening, but Robert dismisses everything, clearly irritable and bothered about his memory blackout. Richie jumps hurriedly out of the car upon arriving at his mother's house, telling her that he is scared to be alone with his father, because his father is a monster. Sandy asks Robert to have dinner with her at a Japanese steakhouse. During dinner she tells Robert what Richie has said, and it is agreed that another visit with Richie's psychiatrist is in order. The psychiatrist tells Robert that he believes that Richie is genuine in his belief that Robert is a werewolf, and that these type of fantasies can be quite powerful for children. It is suggested that this time a family weekend should be planned which includes Richie's mother. Robert is now pacing back and forth in the psychiatrist's office, and we see that the meeting was apparently one which lasted into the evening. Another month has passed since Robert and Richie's last trip to the cabin. The full moon is rising... The next day, a reluctant Richie and his mom prepare to leave for the cabin with Robert, unaware that the front page of the morning paper reveals a grisly headline...Local Psychiatrist Murdered. The three set out for the cabin, stopping at the hippie encampment on the way, as Robert had promised Richie they would do so on their last trip. The hippies, led by a wild-eyed Alan Ginsberg type in a cassock  are forming a circle of power to drive away evil spirits. When the family stop to watch, the hippies shout at them to join them in the circle, and while Sandy finds it merely amusing and agrees, when Robert tries to pass over the boundary of the circle, he is stopped short and cannot move further, as if an invisible barrier were in front of him. Sandy, disturbed, grabs him and they get back in the car and continue on to the cabin. At the cabin, they settle down for the evening, and all is well for a while. Sandy starts to talk with Robert in a gentle voice, confessing that she really has missed him, and that perhaps they should get back together. The full moon rises, and Robert turns his back on her, silently walking away. In the shed he finds Richie, digging up the bag he had seen his father  burying on their last visit. Robert grabs Richie, clearly in the first stages of transformation, and begs Richie to lock him in the shed. Richie does this, but just as he finishes, his mother sees him, and hears the noises in the shed. She asks who is in there, and Richie tells her it's his dad, whereupon she scolds Richie and tries to open the shed. Richie screams at her just as a clawed hand bursts a hole in the shed door. Richie and his mom run to the car, escaping just as the werewolf emerges, screaming and snarling, from the shed. In town they tell the Sheriff of the attack, and upon returning to the cabin find the creature gone. The Sheriff leaves some men to stand guard for the night. Later that evening, as Sandy sleeps in a chair by the fire, the werewolf slips silently through a window of the cabin. It sniffs at her evilly, and Sandy awakes to find the thing staring her directly in the face. The werewolf grabs her and begins to carry her off, but the deputies hear the screams and burst into the room. They shoot at the monster as it jumps back out the window. Richie begs for them not to hurt his dad, but of course everyone still cannot accept that it is a werewolf, let alone Richie's father. Toward morning the werewolf attacks the hippie camp, enraged at his latest failure, and as the sun rises, the werewolf grows weak and falls to the ground, the hippies praying for the creature's soul, and the transformation is witnessed by the entire commune, although they do not understand what they have seen. Later the day, toward evening, the Sheriff organizes a search party to find the murdering creature, and as everyone leaves to hunt the woods, Richie breaks away from his mom and heads off to try to save his dad. As the moon rises, Richie finds his father, once again transformed, who grabs him and carries him off, with a mob close behind him, and Richie's mom screaming. Cornered, the werewolf attacks Richie, biting him on the arm, before a hail of gunfire distracts him. The bullets cannot kill him, but as he frantically tries to seek a way out of the crowd, he stumbles and falls backwards onto the broken stake that had held the hippies' makeshift cross into the ground. It pierces his heart, and as a horrified Richie and Sandy watch, the werewolf transforms back into Robert. The last thing we see is Sandy examining her son's bite mark, a look of dawning horror on her face..."] ['Jan  is a Swedish farmer and Glory  is his beloved daughter, who saves him from bankruptcy by eloping to the big city with their rapacious landlord, driving Jan to madness.'] ['Jennifer travels to New York City with plans to study with her boyfriend, Vincent. Samuel Pang arrives at the airport with two friends, Cow and Bull to pick her up. Not comprehending with the security officer, Pang shouts welcoming Japanese phrases in hopes of getting inside. Illegally parking his car at a no-parking zone, Pang rushes his friends to escort Jennifer from the airport. Arriving at her apartment, Pang introduces Jennifer to her room. He warns her to be careful using the fridge, as it is run by gas, which is constantly leaking, but his voice is muffled by a passing train. Pang leaves letting Jennifer know that she may stamp on the floor if she needs anything, as he lives downstairs. The next day, Jennifer wakes up Pang to have him show her how to take a train to meet Vincent. Pang jokes the train station is like a labyrinth and is dangerous for a girl like her to go there by herself. He insists driving her to the train station. Waiting for Jennifer to change, he comments women are "cha bo", meaning trouble. Pang ridicules Jennifer not knowing English. Waiting in the train station, she sees Vincent with Peggy. Anxiously, Jennifer attempts to hide from Vincent but is caught before she could walk out from him. Vincent did not expect to see Jennifer at the train station, or he would have not been to the Boston to see a baseball game with his girlfriend. Vincent felt it was childish of Jennifer childish to travel to New York City to send him a box of dolls from Hong Kong. Infuriated, Jennifer walks back to the car and throws the box of dolls on the street. Later that night, Pang answers a call made by Vincent because Jennifer would not answer. He told Jennifer to meet with him for lunch at Silver Palace restaurant the next day. Coincidentally, Pang works as a busboy at the restaurant and overhears their conversations. After saving enough money, Jennifer meant to study in New York as a means to be with Vincent. Vincent tells Jennifer to explore the city and meet new people than to follow him everywhere. When he tells her this, she finds out he is leaving for Boston tomorrow. Depressed, Jennifer goes home and makes a pot of tea; the fridge is not closed properly. Pang smells gas from upstairs and investigates; he finds a passed out Jennifer. He takes her downstairs and has someone call the fire department. Seeing Jennifer lovesick for Vincent, Pang takes her out for a walk. The next day, Jennifer goes to a restaurant in Chinatown. While she eats an egg sandwich, Pang walks in and sees her too; Jennifer disregards having eye-contact with him and turns aside. Pang is about to sit with Jennifer, only to have a friend from another table call him. Pang greets them and moves toward Jennifer\'s table. He tries a piece of Jennifer\'s egg sandwich and calls a staff member over to order extra plates of food for both of them, for no extra charge. Pang helps Jennifer build a bookcase and decorate her room. She tells him she found a part-time job as a babysitter to pay for her rent, but would need second job for her tuition and other expenses. He finds her grandfather\'s watch, but the strap is worn. Unsure she has enough money for a watchstrap, let alone a Broadway show, Pang goes to buy tickets for her the next morning. Not knowing Jennifer was busy, he did not have a chance to tell her he had tickets for the show, he tried to sell the tickets, claiming they were for Bull, when she asked. Jennifer climbed off the bus to help Pang with the guard, but would be late for her babysitting job, so Pang insisted driving her there. He stripped the car and rebuilt it, so she would not have to hold onto the broken door. Concerned, Pang runs to her and asks why she will not go in. She is anxious and asks Pang to accompany her. Pang spent all his money and asks Cow and Bull to give him some money to gamble. Bull is reluctant to give some because he wants to save it for his new restaurant. Bull pays the gangs $400.00 each week, but is still not enough from keeping them destroying his property. Tony, one of Mrs. Sherwood\'s boyfriends wants to hire Jennifer as a waitress for his restaurant. Pang is suspicious of the owner, but offers to try the restaurant. Jennifer assures him it is not necessary, but would love for him to visit her there. Pang declines, with work on his mind. He later visits Jennifer, and is led to an expensive restaurant called "The Big Panda". Unable to read the English menu, he has the waiter order a simple menu for him. The waiter takes advantage of this position and charges the highest-priced items onto the bill. While babysitting Anna, Tony visits Jennifer and walks with to the garden. Mrs. Sherwood recently came home and sees Tony flirting with Jennifer, and calls for her to leave immediately. Having heard Jennifer losing her babysitting job, Pang and his friends go to The Big Panda restaurant to beat up the owner. They spend their morning trying to sell her dolls for money. Walking past a vendor, Jennifer sees a watchband she likes; unfortunately it is out of her budget. At the park, she sees Vincent with Peggy but wants to flee. She asks Pang if she looks better than Peggy. Pang did not care how others looked, or how others looked at him, as long as he kept his dignity. He told Jennifer that it was his dream to open a restaurant on a pier on the beach, and name it Samuel Pang. Next morning, Samuel Pang wrote on his mirror—three commandments and five goals; one goal being "If you want it, go for it", in this case Pang going for "cha bo", Jennifer. Pang is holding a party, and invites Jennifer, but does not tell her it his birthday. Vincent heard she was at a party, so he talked with Jennifer the entire night. The conversation became awkward when he mentioned he broke up with Peggy. Pang, serving guests leaves because he does not think he will have a chance with Jennifer. He went drinking and gambling until Bull asks for more money to pay off the gangs. Frustrated, Pang gathered a group of friends drove in search for the gang and beat them up. Jennifer wanders in Pang\'s room sees a mirror written with words by him. He wrote his name, age, and birthday in English. Feeling lonely, she walks across a park and sees Anna at her school. Mrs. Sherwood sees her and invites her to move with Anna in Long Island. Pang comes back to his apartment the next morning and finds his room with a Jennifer\'s graduation certificate. To congratulate her, he buys the watchband as a gift. The old man did not accept his offer, so Pang sold his car for the watchband. Excited to see Jennifer with the gift, he runs to her apartment only to see Vincent helping Jennifer move furniture in his car. She gives him her number. They exchange gifts, but Pang runs after her after she leaves. Unable to catch up, he walks to a beach. He opens his gift and finds her grandfather\'s watch. Some time afterwards, they meet at a pier with a restaurant named Sampan.'] ['The Klansman recounts what happens to an African American man in a small town in the U.S. south after a young white woman  is sexually assaulted and beaten. Events spiral out of control when a sniper shoots a Ku Klux Klan member at a funeral.'] ["Anne Baldwin arrives at Huntington House, a maternity home for pregnant minors. The school's principal Doris McKenzie is initially reluctant to hire Baldwin, because she has no degree. In class, Baldwin soon finds out she is unable to get through the teens, of whom most are rebellious and aggressive. She constantly clashes with the school's newest student, 17-year-old Sara. Sara has been forced by her parents to enter the home and has been assigned the roommate of Gail, a model student who has a snobbish, dominant mother. Sara feels Baldwin is too old-fashioned, too introverted and does not know the meaning of love and sex. Inspired by Sara's attempts to make her open up, Baldwin introduces a more personal, social teaching structure. From this point, she bonds with several students, including Marilyn, who gives birth to a baby. Following a fight, Sara is fed up with Huntington House and leaves. Baldwin tries to stop her, but this results into a confrontation, during which Baldwin slaps Sara. During her absence, Baldwin decides not to report her to the authorities and after Sara's return, they become friends. Nevertheless, Sara's attitude has become worse, having become depressed and constantly announcing she will give up her baby immediately after its birth. Baldwin knows that, secretly, Sara want to keep the baby, but she is pressured by her parents to give it up. On graduation day, Gail is reluctantly taken home by her vicious mother, who feels Gail is not treated the proper way at Huntington House. Sara announces she will not give up the baby, and, encouraged by Baldwin, leaves with her boyfriend Sandy instead. Baldwin is also inspired to follow her heart and admits to her romantic feelings for widow Sam Dutton, to whom she finally commits."] ['Sue Graham  is a small town girl who wants to be a motion picture star. She wins a contract when a picture of a very pretty girl is sent to a studio instead of her picture. When she arrives in Hollywood, the mistake is discovered and she starts working in the props department of the studio instead. Her parents then come out to California and invest some money with a very shifty individual. When small town girl Sue goes to Hollywood to escape marriage, she arrives expecting open arms. Since the circumstances of her being called to California were the result of another’s deception, the studio manager gives Sue a job in the studio’s costume department instead. Childhood friend Dave follows. Eventually, Sue gets the opportunity to screen test but it turns out disastrously--although in a nod to the actress behind the character the director calls her "a natural comedian." Meanwhile, a crooked investor swindles Sue’s parents out of their life savings. Dave and Sue retrieve the money and all turns out well, despite the unsuccessful film career.'] ["Dhadkan is about Anjali , a young woman who hails from an extremely rich and influential family. Her father Mr. Chauhan  is a renowned businessman and has many dreams for his daughter. Anjali is in love with Dev  who is very poor and often cannot even afford to clothe himself properly. Dev loves Anjali and wants to marry her &mdash; so has to meet her father. When Anjali puts forward to her parents the proposal of marrying Dev, she is rebuked and gets an outright refusal. Moreover, her parents have chosen for her a wealthy suitor from Delhi. Not wanting to hurt her parents Anjali finally gives in and marries Ram  who her parents believe will be a perfect match for her. Ram is a man of great ideals, who believes in giving a rightful place to his wife and respects her sensibilities. Despite this, he is unable to win Anjali’s love at first and their marriage remains on the edge. However, after seeing the magnanimity of her husband’s heart in forgiving and accepting her, she realises she has fallen in love with him. Anjali leads a life of bliss and becomes an ideal wife. But suddenly, at their third wedding anniversary party, Dev returns and reveals his intent of winning Anjali back. Dev is now a wealthy businessman, and Anjali finds herself at a crossroads where she has to fight for her husband with her former love. Anjali is in love with her husband and has no wish to return to her former lover. When she tells him this, he sets out to ruin Ram's business. But the truth wins in the end when Anjali tells Dev she is pregnant with Ram's child. Dev realises his folly and decides to marry his friend and business partner Sheetal Varma  who has secretly loved him for a long time."] ["Opening Title Graphic:As the film begins a message appears and reminds the audience that approximately 30,000 people died during the Dirty War due to the military dictatorship's reign during the late 1970s and early 1980s. The story is then dedicated to the surviving children of the murdered. Two such children, now adults are the main characters. One, Daniela , now has her degree in film and is having trouble finding work. She's hired by an older couple, living in recluse, to film Buenos Aires for them. She goes out and documents the city. Yet, her customers are upset as they don't remember the Buenos Aires Daniela has filmed. She then shoots a reel of tourist-type shots. The other, Damián, played by Nicolás Pauls, works in a low-rent motel who discovers the real story about his parents during the dictatorship. The story is largely episodic, mashing together more than 6 different story lines."] ["Annie Burroughs is a wild 19-year-old teenager who has just dropped out of college. Fearing to face her father, she packs her stuff and moves in with her older sister Marsha, who runs her own gallery in Los Angeles. Marsha is in a relationship with David Mitchell, a 31-year-old doctor who dreams of having his own private practice. Although they are very happy together, David isn't glad Marsha is spending so much time on work. Meanwhile, Annie immediately settles in the big city, landing a job as a receptionist at David's clinic. Although at first it is innocent and playful, Annie and David start flirting with each other. A sub plot focuses on the relationship between Annie and her father Tom. When she was still a child, Annie witnessed the death of her mother. She was crossing the street when a car suddenly drove toward her. Her mother, trying to save her, ran on the street and pushed Annie away, after which she was fatally hit by the car herself. Ever since, she and Tom do not get along well. Annie feels that her father blames her for her mother's death. Annie once wanted to become a painter, just like her mother, but after her death she became isolated and gave up that dream. One night, David fails to save the life of his patient Billy, who has committed suicide. Annie witnesses his death and is reminded of her own mother. Both feeling very emotional, Annie and David end up kissing each other. The next day, Annie feels guilty, but David assures her it was only an innocent kiss. One night, Tom is throwing a family party. Annie gives him a self-made painting, but the style reminds him too much of her mother's, which upsets him. They end up getting into a fight, after which Annie leaves. The next evening, Annie serves as a replacement for Marsha, who was supposed to attend a play with David, but wasn't able to make it. At first, they feel uncomfortable, but they end up sleeping with each other. Although they both feel guilty, they can't suppress their sexual attraction and start an affair. He plans on telling Marsha the truth, but Annie discourages him from doing so, afraid to hurt her sister's feelings. Unable to face her sister anymore, she decides to return to college after attending Marsha's gallery opening. David tries to prevent Annie from leaving, telling her he is in love with her. They kiss each other in the clinic, until he is suddenly attacked by one of his drug addicted clients. He ends up getting severely injured and Annie brings him to the hospital. The truth about the affair comes out when Marsha visits the hospital and is told by a nurse David's 'girlfriend' helped him to the hospital. Upon confronting her, Annie admits to being in love with him. David takes all the blame on him and advices Marsha not to turn her back on Annie. In the end, just before leaving L.A., Annie is reconciled with both Marsha and her father, the latest assuring her she is not responsible for her mother's death."] ['David Gordon , a popular science fiction author, lost his wife Mary when they were trying to adopt a child. Two years later, David is finally matched with a young boy named Dennis . Socially awkward, Dennis believes he is from Mars and only goes outdoors when under the cover of a large box to block out the sun\'s harmful rays. Although initially hesitant to adopt a boy by himself, David recognizes a part of him in Dennis and slowly coaxes him out of the box and into his home. With the help of David\'s friend Harlee  and sister Liz , David and Dennis begin an arduous process of learning about each other, from Dennis\'s incessant photo-taking habits, his inclination to eat only Lucky Charms, and his perpetual stealing, to David\'s continuing love of his wife, his love of baseball and his own struggles to be accepted by others. As David teaches Dennis how to be an "Earthling," father and son earn each other\'s trust and eventually find someone who will love them unequivocally.'] ["Becky Sharp , a socially ambitious English young lady manages to survive during the years following Napoleon's defeat at Waterloo. In her efforts to advance herself, she manages to link up with a number of gentlemen: the Marquis of Steyne , Joseph Sedley , Rawdon Crawley , and George Osborne . She rises to the top of British society and becomes the scourge of the social circle, offending the other ladies such as Lady Bareacres . Finally, Sharp falls into the humiliation of singing for her meals in a beer hall. But Becky never stays down for long."] ['Lifelong best friends Alice Marano  and Darlene Davis  graduate from high school and make plans to have one last "knock-out trip together" before they are separated by Darlene going to college. Darlene is perceived to be the "nice" girl, and Alice the "bad" one. The idea of vacationing in Hawaii seems less appealing to the girls than the sudden notion of going to Thailand. It is revealed in dialogue that Darlene\'s father has not been approached about the idea of going to Thailand, but that Alice\'s father has given her permission because he believes Darlene is going. Alice suggests to Darlene that she simply not tell her father she is going to Thailand instead of Hawaii. The two girls fly to Thailand and while there, meet a captivating Australian man, who calls himself Nick Parks . He befriends the girls and uses romantic charm to gain their trust. He claims he works for a software company that allows him to loll about in the sun awaiting his next assignment. Darlene is particularly smitten with Nick and convinces Alice to take Nick up on his offer to treat the two of them to what amounts to a day trip to Hong Kong. They check out of their hotel and have their bags carried down to an awaiting cab. Hopping in the back seat while the bellhop loads the bags in the trunk, the girls are running late to the airport. While they are waiting in line to board, the Thai police rush the surprised girls with guns drawn — discovering that the backpack that Darlene has packed but Alice is carrying has a few kilos of heroin inside. As they are interrogated separately, Alice\'s street smarts prevent her from signing a confession written in Thai. Darlene answers questions posed by a Thai official, the official then speaks to a typist in Thai who appears to transcribe the conversation. But Darlene is tricked into signing a confession to the crimes she is accused of but remains unaware of it until Alice points out that neither of them would be foolish enough to sign a confession written in Thai, which neither can understand. Abruptly the girls are placed in prison after pleading their case in vain, but instead of receiving the expected life sentence they "get off easy" with 33 years. There are a few other Westerners in the jail, one from Jamaica who refers to the prison as a "broke-down palace" and tells the girls they should seek the help of "Yankee Hank", an American lawyer. The British girl hears this and scoffs at Hank\'s lawyering skill. Meanwhile in the U.S., Darlene\'s father learns of his daughter\'s and her friend\'s arrest. He eventually flies to Thailand to plead with the U.S. officials to get his daughter out. He visits his daughter Darlene in prison and warmly reassures her that everything will be fine as she apologizes profusely for getting into trouble. Darlene excitedly reports to Alice that her father is going to get them out and that he wants to speak with her. Alice enthusiastically greets Darlene\'s father, but he lashes out, venting his rage at her for masterminding whatever scheme she created to get his daughter in trouble. Eventually "Yankee Hank", Henry Greene , an American attorney living in Thailand, arrives to see if he might get paid for acting on behalf of the girls. Darlene\'s father sends the money to Hank to appeal the girls\' case. At first, Greene is confident about appealing their case when his Thai wife, also a lawyer, points out that the charges against the girls involve six kilos of heroin, when that amount would never have fit into the back pack. The girls are delighted with Hank\'s clever play, until the Thai prosecution bring forward a witness who testifies he served them drinks poolside at a swank hotel where Alice tried billing a random room number, instead of paying cash, as Darlene suggested . This causes them to lose their appeal. Green walks away from the girls\' case until his wife discovers a clue in the police file that might lead to the whereabouts of the elusive Nick Parks. Trying a different tactic, he meets with DEA agent Roy Knox , who has influence with the police. Though Knox admits that the girls were probably duped, he firmly believes that someone has to go to jail for this crime. As long as no Nick Parks  can be produced to clear the girls, he says they will finish out the remainder of their sentences. Greene follows up the lead, travelling to Hong Kong to get information from another girl used by the smuggler whose alias is Nick Parks. He confronts DEA agent Knox with the uncovered evidence about Parks, but is shot down when Knox tells him Parks has friends in high places. Greene threatens the corrupt prosecutor with exposure to the American media and he agrees to a deal. If the girls confess to the crime and withdraw their naming of Nick Parks, they will receive a royal pardon. The girls agree and sign a confession wherein they claim Nick Parks is a figment of their imagination. However, they have been duped by the prosecutor, who uses their confession to assure they will receive no pardon. Alice, deciding to take responsibility for her life and realizing that Darlene will be unable to bear prison, falls to her knees and begs the King of Thailand to allow her to serve both Darlene\'s sentence and her own  in exchange for Darlene\'s release, as Darlene should not have to pay for her mistake. The offer is accepted, and the film ends with the girls\' friendship, riven with conflicts, is restored. Darlene bids Alice farewell and returns to the States, promising that she will not stop trying to get Alice released from prison. Alice\'s voice-over indicates her acceptance of fate and the belief that Darlene and Greene will never stop attempting to get her released.'] [" Zachary 'Zach' Amberville , a former fighter pilot and now successful businessman, falls in love with his employee Nina Stern . Even though they fall in love, Nina prefers her career over a marriage. Broken hearted, Zach leaves Manhattan for London, where he falls in love with aristocratic ballerina Hon. Lily Davina Adamsfield . After a failed audition, she agrees to marry Zach, and follows him to New York City. When Nina learns about this, she gets upset. Lily, meanwhile, settles as a house wife and gives birth to Zachary's child. She is worried that her ballet career is now nothing more than a hobby, and acts out by behaving as a spoiled rich wife, even being nicknamed 'The Ice Queen'. Her lack of interest in raising her children comes to notice with Zach, who feels that discipline is not the key factor in raising a kid. When the oldest son Toby  is eight years old, he is diagnosed with retinitis pigmentosa, meaning that he will be blind one day. At a formal party, Zachary runs into his younger brother Cutter , who is both charismatic and immature. In the past, he did not contact the family unless he needed money. No surprise that Zachary is immediately wary of Cutter's arrival in town. Cutter himself, meanwhile, falls for Lily and they engage in a sexual relationship. Months later, Lily gives birth to Cutter's baby.  New York, 1960. Zachary and Lily have grown apart, encouraging Zachary to get back in touch with Nina. Nina is initially reluctant to reconcile with him, though soon falls for his charms and agrees to work for him, on condition that they have a baby. Elsewhere, Cutter has impregnated Lily again and is pushing her to have an abortion. Lily offers to divorce Zachary to be with him, but Cutter leaves her during a trip to San Francisco. In a letter to Lily, he claims to scout a location for a better live, though he actually becomes intimate with a woman named Daphne. Lily feels betrayed and schemes her way back into Zachary's live by claiming to be pregnant of his child. Zachary, who believes her, abandons Nina to start another life with Lily. In San Francisco, Cutter starts working as a broker and seduces the boss's daughter Candice Alexander , a beautiful but shy woman. Her father Jonas  is opposed to the relationship, feeling that Cutter is only interested in Candice because she comes from money, and hires a private detective to collect evidence against Cutter's loyalty to his daughter. Instead, Cutter assures a prominent part in her life by causing a horse accident that leaves Candice crippled: he marries her afterwards and manipulates Jonas in financially supporting them. Meanwhile, Lily gives birth to a son, whom she names Justin. Ten years later, Zachary's magazine company grows into an empire, which saddens one of his loyal workers Pavka Meyer . His daughter Maxime 'Maxi'  is now 17 years old and gets expelled from a strict all-girl school due to skipping school to gamble with her friend India West , and further rebellious behavior. Consequently, she starts to work as a photographer at her father's company, in the department of Rocco Cipriani . She immediately falls in love with him, and they soon have sex. Cutter resumes his unfaithful behavior, and after an escapade with both Candice's sister Nanette  and Alice Chambers, he continues his affair with Lily, which Nanette and colleague Booker witness. Nanette does not wait long before informing her sister about Cutter's cheating behavior, causing Candice to get drunk and confront him. Cutter dismisses her claims, and states that Nanette has lied out of jealousy, before actually visiting Nanette to hit her. Nanette takes revenge by sending Candice pictures of Lily and Cutter having sex. Candice is heartbroken and commits suicide by jumping from her hotel room. The photos are then sent to Zachary, who is now aware of both his wife and brother's betrayal. Instead of leaving his wife, Zachary threatens to take the children and murder Cutter if she ever meets with his brother again. In another sub-plot, Lily meets with Nina and claims that she did not trick Zachary into reconciling her, leaving Nina to believe that Zachary did not want to be with her."] ['It is the year 1981, the famous writer Antonio Albajara  arrives at Gijón, his hometown, from Stockholm, where he has just received the Nobel Prize in Literature. For forty years, Albajara has been a professor of medieval literature at the University of Berkeley, California. He has alternated his teaching with the literary production that has given him worldwide fame. In Gijón, Antonio is reunited with Elena, his first and great love, before he was forced to his exile in 1937 Civil War. However, this visit is not definitive because a serious and deadly disease affects the writer.'] ["When neglected wife Alice  decides to leave her doctor husband Lawrence ([[Robert Young , his friend Dr. Dulac  stops her and tells her the life story of another woman, naive French farmer's daughter Madelon Claudet . She is persuaded by her American boyfriend, artist Larry Maynard ([[Neil Hamilton , to run away with him. Eventually, he has to return to the U.S. because his father is sick. Once there however, he betrays her and marries a woman approved of by his parents. Unbeknownst to him, Madelon gives birth to a son. When her lover does not come back, her father  gets her to agree to marry Hubert , a farmer. However, when she refuses to give up her illegitimate son, Hubert and her father abandon her. She becomes the mistress of an older acquaintance, Count Carlo Boretti , while her friends Rosalie  and Victor Lebeau  care for the boy. After a while, Carlo proposes marriage and Madelon accepts. However, when they go out to celebrate, he is arrested as a jewel thief. He manages to commit suicide, but Madelon is sentenced to ten years in prison as his accomplice, even though she is innocent. When she finally is released in 1919, she goes to see her teenage son Lawrence, now living at a state boarding school. A conversation with the school's doctor proves crucial. Dr. Dulac reveals that because his father was a criminal, he cannot get better work elsewhere. Determined not to become a similar burden to her own child, she tells her son his mother is dead. Madelon is determined to finance Lawrence's medical education, but with the end of World War I, millions of Frenchmen are released from the army and jobs are scarce. When a man mistakes her for a prostitute, she takes up the profession. As she ages and loses her looks, she is forced to steal as well, but finally, her goal is realized, and Lawrence receives his degree. Aged and destitute, she decides to give up her freedom and commit herself to state charity, but visits her son one last time, pretending to be a patient. When she leaves, she encounters Dr. Dulac, who recognizes her and persuades his friend Dr. Claudet, still unaware of her true identity, to provide for her. After hearing of the woman's self-sacrifice, Alice Claudet suggests to Lawrence he invite Madelon to live with them."] ["The film opens with a scene of the three Soong sisters in their childhood during the late Qing Dynasty. Their father Charlie Soong demonstrates the wealth and prestige of his family by running one of the most successful printing businesses. The sisters later travel abroad to attend Wesleyan College in Macon, Georgia, America. Of the three sisters, the eldest, Soong Ai-ling, is the first to get married in 1914. Her husband is K'ung Hsiang-hsi, a wealthy banker and the richest man in China at that time. Sun Yat-sen is a fugitive of the weakening Qing government and he lives in exile in Japan. He weds Soong Ching-ling, despite stern opposition from Charlie Soong. After the Qing Dynasty is overthrown by the 1911 Xinhai Revolution, Sun becomes the Republic of China's first provisional president and later founds the Kuomintang . Sun dies of liver cancer in 1925 and leaves his wife with his dying wish of Chinese reunification. Chiang Kai-shek succeeds Sun Yat-sen as the new chief of the Kuomintang. In 1927, he marries Soong May-ling, the youngest of the three sisters. The Chiang couple oppose the Communist Party. The widowed Soong Ching-ling often quarrels with the family, accusing Chiang Kai-shek and his followers of persecuting the Communists and hindering the Chinese reunification. She leaves the Kuomintang and openly voices dissent against Chiang. The three sisters were hardly reunited again, except at their parents' deathbeds and on other special occasions. While the Kuomintang and Communists are fighting with each other, the Empire of Japan takes advantage of the situation to invade China in the 1930s. In 1936, Chiang Kai-shek is kidnapped by Zhang Xueliang in the Xi'an Incident. He is forced to make peace with the Communists and focus on dealing with the Japanese invaders, leading to the Second Sino-Japanese War. The Chinese Civil War continues after the Japanese surrender in 1945 until around late 1949. The film ends with actual footage of the Kuomintang relocating the government of the Republic of China to Taiwan, and a quick glimpse of Communist leader Mao Zedong proclaiming the People's Republic of China on October 1, 1949 in Beijing."] ['Marta de la Cruz is the daughter of two hardworking Mexican immigrants. She and her two siblings were born in the United States and are living in Los Angeles. They are a working-class family, and their hardworking father, Samuel, is the opperations manager of a steel mill that makes chain link fences. He has been working hard for much of his life, and the work finally paid off when they became legal citizens. They also have a close relationship with their next-door neighbor Jorge, who is struggling to find work because he has no papers. Marta is seen as spoiled, immature, and somewhat naive, but she wants to have an amazing quinceanera, as her friends are all having one. Her parents tell her that she may have to postpone it, because of financial problems, when in reality, they are not legal citizens, and they need to save money in case Samuel\'s boss, Mr. Waterman  finds out and he is left jobless. Marta does not understand the situation and is very angry and upset. Her jealousy only increases when she is forced to get a job in the immigration department of their church to volunteer in the community. She continues to plan, however, determined to have her "quince". Also, her friends are busy hitting on her handsome, distant cousin Ramón from New York who just arrived in California. They are pressuring Marta to dance with him at her quince, but she is too shy, and Ramon is struggling with his inability to read or write. Samuel knows that he has earned his citizenship, as he has worked hard and lived in America for over a decade, but as he has no papers, there is no way that anybody can know that. While working at the church one day, Marta discovers that Samuel is an illegal, and begins getting very worried and touchy about the subject. The same day, despite Samuel\'s warnings, Jorge gets a job at a warehouse that has a reputation for deporting illegal employes on pay day. Samuel does not want Marta dating Ramón, but she goes behind his back and enlists him for help in getting all of Samuel\'s previous employer\'s signatures, so he can get his papers. Meanwhile, Jorge is deported to Mexico when he fails to present his papers, which he does not have. Also, at Samuel\'s plant, more and more employees are being fired or deported, and Samuel fears he may be next, so he is hard at work trying to find a second job, one that does not require papers. She gets all but one signature, and goes to an auto salvage yard for the last one, but the manager is rude and stubbornly refuses to sign the papers. Marta is persistant, and the manager has a change of heart and manages to sign the papers. Also, Ramón learns how to read and surprises Marta with it. She presents her father with his signatures, and he sends them in for their papers. Soon after, he is given his temporary papers to show at his job, as it will be a while before their permanent papers arrive. Samuel thanks his daughter and they embrace. However, Marta is soon told that they found that she had been tampering with the files and she has to go inside. As she goes in, expecting the worst, she discovers that it was all part of her surprise quince. She dances with Ramón, whom her father now respects. Marta, having grown up and changed considerably from spoiled to respectful during the journey, she embraces her newlyfound womanhood.'] ["Jessie Cantrell's dying wish is that her daughter, Casey, personally take a letter to Lord Richard Bredon who lives in the UK. Though confused by this turn of events, Casey nonetheless sets off from her home in America to fulfill this last request. After a failed attempt to find him at his country residence, she falls in with Lord Bredon's son, Michael. At first the younger Bredon is suspicious of Casey's motives but soon the two of them find themselves in the midst of a deep and powerful connection that they both realize is love at first sight. Eventually Casey is able to successfully find Lord Bredon in London. While visibly shaken by the news of Jessie's death, he denies ever having known her and refuses to accept the letter. Instead of deterring her, Richard's refusal only serves to make her more determined to uncover the truth. With the help of Michael and his best friend, she begins to ferret out the information, discovering a nest of lies at the heart of which is Michael's mother, Emily. Emily's determination to be the mistress of Bredon Hall and Richard's wife led her to manipulate events in her favor and separate Richard and Jessie, a couple who had fallen in love during the horrors of World War Two. After being given the information, Richard confronts Emily, but she isn't going down without a fight. She has one last trump card to play. A secret that has the potential to shatter the new found love between Michael and Casey forever."] ["Alicia is a poor girl living in the city with her family. When her father receives an inheritance, he is able to follow his dream of becoming an artist and moves his family near an artist's colony in the country. There he falls prey to a scheming widow, and he and his wife separate. Alicia, meanwhile, has become involved with a young man who is the widow's accomplice, and she throws over her former suitor, Dr. John Osborne. The young man is a proponent of free love, but he gets a little too free with Alicia and she beans him with a small statuette. She goes running back to her doctor sweetheart, and her parents decide to reconcile, since their separation obviously isn't doing their children any good."] ["Sister Mary Bonaventure is in charge of the hospital ward of a convent in the county of Norfolk, England. She is troubled by her own sister's suicide, which she confides to her Mother Superior. A torrential rain closes nearby roads, causing Sergeant Melling of the police to bring condemned murderer Valerie Carns there. She is being taken to prison. Valerie was convicted of poisoning her brother Jason, a pianist. Jason's physician, Dr. Jeffreys, is head of the hospital where Sister Mary now works. Valerie still proclaims her innocence, but Jeffreys insists that she gave Jason a fatal overdose of his medicine. A photograph of Jason clearly disturbs Isabel Jeffreys, the doctor's wife. He gives her a sedative. Valerie appeals to Sister Mary to bring her fiance, Sidney Kingham, here to the convent to see her. A servant tells Sister Mary about the sadistic behavior of Jason Carns and produces a love letter to him, clearly written by Isabel. Mother Superior is upset by Sister Mary's meddling. She burns the letter. The nun still intends to tell Melling the police sergeant what she knows. Dr. Jeffreys is the one who gave Jason the fatal dose, and he might be slowly poisoning Isabel as well. He lures Sister Mary to a bell tower, where he attacks her. She rings the bell. Sidney hears it, rushes to her aid and overpowers Jeffreys, who is arrested by Melling. Sister Mary's faith is restored, believing the rain that delivered Valerie to her to be divine intervention."] ['Roy "Slag" McGurk , the former heavyweight boxing champion, ekes out a living as a bouncer in Mike Glenson\'s ([[Edward Arnold  saloon in the rough Bowery district of New York City. Mike has to meet two brewers for an important deal, so he sends Slag to pick up his daughter Caroline , returning by ship from Europe. Despite his estrangement from Johnny Burden ([[Cameron Mitchell , his boxing protege who joined the Salvation Army after putting one opponent in a wheelchair, Slag tells the young man. Mike had sent Caroline away to try to break up her relationship with Johnny. At Ellis Island, an acquaintance offers to pay Slag to round up 50 new immigrants to work for him. The fiftieth man has a young English boy in tow, Nipper , an orphan who has been sent to America to live with his uncle Milbane . Slag reluctantly agrees to deliver the boy, who would rather stay with him than go to his uncle. When rival work recruiters start a fight, Nipper either loses or throws away the tag bearing Milbane\'s address. After searching for the uncle, Slag has no choice but to keep the boy and a stray dog Nipper saved from the dogcatchers. In order to complete his deal with the brewers and build the biggest saloon in the Bowery, Mike needs the building occupied by the Salvation Army. He orders Slag to get the group to leave, one way or another. When Slag refuses, Mike blackmails him into it, stating he has evidence that Slag won his championship by fraud; his opponent took a dive. To placate his employee, Mike offers to make Slag a partner in his new saloon for $2000, a sum Slag hopes to get as a reward from Nipper\'s uncle. Meanwhile, the Children\'s Protective Society learns about Nipper. The only way Slag can keep the boy is to join the Salvation Army, under Johnny\'s command. When he finally does locate Milbane, he discovers that Nipper\'s relation is a crook who wants him to give him money for some shares. Nipper learns, from their loud argument, that Slag was only interested in the reward. The brokenhearted boy goes to stay with the Salvation Army. When word gets around, Slag loses the friendship of former girlfriend and pawnshop owner Mamie Steeple , who had been loaning him money for years. When Mike pressures Slag to arrange a riot at the Salvation Army, Slag finally rebels. He tells the saloon patrons that his championship bout was rigged, then fights all the thugs he himself had recruited for Mike. Johnny joins in the brawl, and together they beat the mob arrayed against them. Caroline finds out what her father had tried to do, and goes to pack her things. Mike gives up, and tells Johnny to go after her. With the way clear to adopting Nipper, Slag asks Mamie for a loan of $200 ... to pay for a wedding.'] ['The movie begins with 7 American students traveling in Germany. They stop at a pond and see 6 girls  bathing. The girls see the students and attempt to conceal themselves . One of the girls, Helen , ask them to go away, to which one of the guys, Ned , respond by saying no. The movie then shifts to years later, showing a mother showering a boy, telling him to hurry since his Dad is coming home soon. We then see a man entering a doctor\'s office, offering to sell his body. This turns out to be Ned, who is an American chemist poisoned with Radium, expecting to die within the year. The doctor tells him that there is a famous German doctor who has had success treating radiation poison and recommends Ned to travel to Germany. The mother and the boy turn out to be Ned\'s wife and son. Before bed time, the son, Johnny, asks his mother and Ned to tell him the "Germany story." The story is a combination of dialogue between the mother and Ned, beginning with Ned telling Johnny about his travel in Germany as a student and his encounter of "six beautiful princesses at a pond," one of whom told Ned that she will grant him a wish if he leaves. Ned wished to see her again, and that very night, Ned went to the local theater, spotting the "princess" on the stage. Johnny then asks his mother what the princess thought of Ned, to which she respond that she wanted to see him again. After the show, Ned asked "the princess" for a walk, and while under a tree, embraced her. The "princess" turns out to be Helen, whom Ned marries after his real-life encounter with her. Johnny then falls asleep, and Ned and Helen discuss the possibility of having Ned travel to Germany for treatment. It is very evident that Ned loves Helen and wishes not to leave her, and at the same time, the entire treatment and travel are very expensive, to which the couple couldn\'t find ways to finance. Helen then thinks of the idea of "going on stage" again. Although Ned were absolutely against that idea, Helen went along anyway, hoping to find ways to help her husband. Helen finds work at a night club and turns out to be a great singer, attracting great attention in her first performance . Within the audience is Nick Townsend , a millionaire and an attractive young man. Nick is evidently interested in Helen, and after the show, went back stage to meet her, finding out about her family troubles and offering her $300 on the spot. When Helen returns home, she lied to Ned about how she got the money, instead saying that the producer "paid her in advance." She then asks if Ned "loves her," to which Ned replies, "Do I love you? Oh you poor thing" then embraces her. The next day, Johnny and Helen see Ned off to Germany at the docks. Nick picks up Helen, to her irritation. Nick then promises to give her all the money Ned needs for his treatment, thereby sparing her from working again. To escape her producer , Helen begins to live with Nick, eventually developing feelings for him. She is unable to resist neither money nor beauty, and thus finally admits that she loves Nick, not Ned. Yet she tells Nick that she must go back to Ned, since he needs her more than Nick does. Before Ned is to return, she goes on a two week trip with Nick, believing that it\'s their last moments together. Ned, however, returns a week early, finding his home empty and begins to chase down clues, ultimately finding out that his wife has been cheating on him with Nick. Helen comes back from her trip with Nick and bids him farewell . She returns home, shockingly discovers that Ned is already there. Ned confronts her her infidelity and asks her to bring him Johnny, since Johnny is "all I\'ve got." She refuses and grabs Johnny and escapes, living on the run and trying to avoid Ned, who reports their escape to the police, who have since been tracking her. Eventually, Helen realizes that life on the run is not right for Johnny and agrees to give him to Ned. Ned asks her to never see him or Johnny again. After a dramatic breakdown after her separation with Johnny, Helen begins to officially sing in cabarets, making a successful career that eventually brought her to Paris. In a fateful performance, she runs into Nick, who continues to profess his feelings for Helen. Nick knows that Helen loves Johnny and wishes to see him again. He offers to take her back to the U.S., and the two return engaged. Helen comes home and sees her son, Johnny, who is still unaware of his mother\'s infidelity and her engagement to Nick. Johnny asks his mother to tell him the "Germany story" again, since Ned had refused to tell it because he "has forgotten it." Johnny then proceeds to tell the story himself, asking his parents to verify. He begins by asking Ned if he was in Germany as a student and if he saw a pond with "6 beautiful princesses," to which Ned responds, "I was sentimental and foolish back then." But through this forced dialogue with Johnny telling the story, Ned and Helen begin to realize what their separation means for Johnny, who still lives in his own world in which his parents are together. Helen then sings to Johnny the song that she sang before he sleeps every night . During the song, both Helen and Ned realizes that this home is where they both belong, and the movie ends with their embrace.'] ["Diana , Nevs  and David  were playmates as children, members of the rich British aristocracy. Diana and Neville are in love, but his father  opposes the match, disapproving the Merrick family's lifestyle. Neville is thus sent to Egypt for business purposes and become wealthier. At the same time, David, also in love with Diana and good friends with her brother Jeffry , marries her, after Diana's wait in vain for two years for Neville's return. During their honeymoon to Paris and after the arrival of police inspectors, David commits suicide without an explanation. Diana does not explain the reasons behind her husband's action. Jeffry, who was deeply connected to David, blames his sister for his friend's disappearance: he falls deeper into alcohol as his sister starts a reckless life, seducing man after man. Years later, Neville returns to England to marry Constance . Jeffry is gravely ill and both Diana and Nevs come to his bedside. As they meet, they realize they are still in love and spend one night together. Jeffry passes away and Neville marries Constance. A few months go by: Diana falls ill  and is visited by Neville—Diana professes her love for him before realizing Constance is in the room. She reveals the reason for David's suicide: he was a thief, pursued by the Police. Diana, realizing that their love will ruin him, tells him that his wife is pregnant and sends him away. Diana drives herself into a tree, in front of which she and Neville had fallen in love and swore eternal fidelity."] ['Si-bum has a dream of being an actor. One day, he meets a girl Su-kyoung and falls in love with her at first sight. With Si-bum together, Su-kyoung seems to get over her pain and also the uncomfortable relationship with her father. But after a while, she has to confront her mother’s death. To escape from the reality, they take a trip to the sea but then Su-kyoung gets severely injured from a car accident. Desperately struggling to save her, Si-bum steals money to pay her hospital and this leads him to work in a bar to serve rich girls. Now Si-bum uses his acting skill to relieve Su-kyoung and pretends he makes a living from acting. But when he is getting popular, he decides to follow his friend Young-ho to Seoul to make more money. One day he comes across one of his old friends and gets involved in a big fight.'] ['Alan and Geraldine MacNally are a married couple, who are doubting if they did the right thing by marrying each other. Meanwhile, David and Wanda Holland are in the final stages of their divorce. It so happens Alan is the attorney who arranges their divorce. This makes him and Geraldine fall even further apart. Everything changes when Wanda commits suicide after she loses custody of her son. The MacNallys then start thinking about what is really important to them. {{Citation needed}}'] ["Budapest bar entertainer Zara is a discontented alcoholic who is pursued by many men but lives with novelist Carl Salter. A strange man called Tony shows up on Salter's estate claiming that Zara is actually Maria, the wife of his close friend Bruno. Maria, Tony claims, had her memory destroyed during a World War I invasion 10 years ago. Zara doesn't remember but leaves with Tony to Salter's dismay. Bruno, now an officer in the Italian Army, tries to coax Maria's memory back on his large estate. No one is really sure if Zara is Maria, and when Salter shows up with a mental case that he claims is the real Maria, everyone on Bruno's estate is desperately searching for the truth."] ['A young Turkish girl comes to America in search of the life she saw in the movies and on TV. Broken Angel shows that life for a foreigner is not always the Hollywood life, especially when you do not speak the language. As she is slowly swallowed by the realities, only one boy, a deaf artist, can reach her and save her life. The film also debates American-Turkish relations and the perceptive image of Turks in the U.S. and vice versa. Broken Angel premiered in Istanbul and Izmir.'] ['While picking up his son and daughter for a weekend visit, Jack  tells his estranged wife Adrienne  that he still "loves her" and wants to move back home.  Adrienne suggests that his remorse is due to his falling out with the other woman, but in any event says she needs time and space to think. The rift that this causes between the daughter and her mother is palpable. Typical teenage angst and rebellion follow and Adrienne is sure she is losing her daughter over the events that are unfolding in her marriage. Adrienne drives to Rodanthe, North Carolina, to look after a friend\'s bed-and-breakfast for the weekend while she\'s away. The house is rustic, romantic, and right on the beach, and partially in the surf at high tide. The only guest for the weekend, Paul , is a very TYPE A personality surgeon who arrives at the inn with his own emotional baggage. He has flashbacks of a surgery which ended tragically. The family of the patient, who live in Rodanthe, is suing him. The husband wrote to Paul asking to speak to him; this is what brings him to Rodanthe. A storm moves in and the two team up to protect the inn. They dine together, share stories, and eventually turn to each other for emotional comfort. A genuine romance is born. With Adrienne’s advice and moral support, Paul opens up to the patient\'s widower and in doing so faces his own pain. Paul carries guilt for passing up a relationship with his son in favor of his career, but with he had decided to go down to South America to salvage his relationship with his son. Paul is now very reluctant to leave Adrienne and Rodanthe but he knows that he must go to his estranged son Mark  who left his stressful practice with his workaholic dad to become a physician there . During their separation, Adrienne and Paul exchange numerous handwritten letters expressing their longing to be with each other once again. On the evening that Adrienne and Paul were to finally reunite, he was a no show! Adrienne was unable to determine if he caught his flight back from South America from the Airlines. Unfortunately, Paul had been killed in a flash mudslide. His son, Mark, arrives at Adrienne\'s door the following day with a box of Paul\'s personal belongings, as well as gratitude to Adrienne for "giving him back the father he knew when he was a child". Adrienne is seen struggling, for what appears to be days or weeks, with a nearly unbearable grief. Eventually, her daughter is able to coax the story from her mother. This is a turning point for their relationship and it allows Adrienne to begin to deal with her loss. She tells her daughter the story of a very special type of love and encourages her daughter to seek that out for herself someday. Adrienne finally is granted a respite from her heart-rending sadness when, during a solitary sojourn along the beach on a strikingly beautiful day, she looks up to see a small herd of magnificent wild horses go thundering on by her. She, her children and her best friend walk down to the dock where Adrienne and Paul had danced, and Adrienne was finally able to kiss Paul goodbye.'] ["Nora Cotterelle, a woman in her 30s is caring for her ill father, Louis Jenssens. While Nora tries to present a facade that all is well with her life, she is twice divorced and has a son, Elias, whose father is dead. Nora's present relationship is not going well, and she is soon to marry a businessman, while Elias is becoming increasingly withdrawn. A parallel storyline follows her former lover and second husband, Ismaël Vuillard, a musician, with whom she had lived for seven years. He is given to strange behaviour, and as a result he has been committed to a mental hospital, from which he is planning to escape. Nora learns that her father's digestive problems are actually cancer, and facing her father's death, Nora desperately seeks out Ismaël to ask that he reconnect with Elias, but he has mixed feelings about adopting her son. Moreover, he has met Arielle, another patient."] ['Tommy and his gang decide to get jobs in order to free draft-age men for the war effort. Because of their previous encounters with the law, the group has a tough time getting hired. Eventually, Tommy gets a job at a department store. However, a store executive tries to get Tommy in trouble with a group of hijackers.'] ["When concert pianist Sandra Kovak  and her aviator husband Peter Van Allen  discover their impulsive marriage is invalid because her divorce had not been finalized before they wed, he leaves her and marries his old flame Maggie Patterson . Peter travels to Brazil on business and, when his aircraft goes missing, it is presumed it crashed in the jungle and he was killed. Sandra discovers she is pregnant by Peter, and Maggie proposes she be allowed to raise the child as her own in exchange for taking care of Sandra financially. The two women go to Arizona to await the birth, and Sandra delivers a boy who is named after his father. Sandra embarks upon a world tour, during which Peter, who survived the crash, returns home, and Maggie leads him to believe the boy is theirs. Sandra, wanting both father and son for herself, taunts Maggie that Peter has remained with her only because of the boy and demands she confess she misled him. When Maggie explains the true situation, Peter is shocked by Sandra's behavior and announces she can take the baby but he will remain with Maggie. Sandra, accepting the fact Peter truly loves Maggie and knowing she will be a far better mother to the child, takes her leave."] ['Flamboyant Zani  is a kindly young man who grew up entirely and works in the zoo in Budapest. His only true friends are the zoo\'s animals, and indeed Zani has been chastised by his boss for being too nice to them. From the fashionable women visitors who wear them, Zani steals their animal furs. While hiding out, Zani meets Eve , a young and beautiful orphan girl. Eve must somehow escape from her strict orphan school, since she is faced with the prospect of being forced to work as an indentured servant  until she grows up. Zani and Eve together hide overnight in the zoo. Dr. Grunbaum, the zoo director, is forced to organize a search party. Zani proves too elusive and harbors Eve in a bear cave. When evil zookeeper Heinie discovers them, Zani saves Eve from vicious attack. More scuffles result in crisis when dangerous animals become freed from their cages. The resourceful Zani brings pacification and redeems himself by saving a young child from a hungry tiger. Grunbaum is played by O.P. Heggie, the South Australian actor known on London and Broadway stage as The Man with the Golden Voice. His kindly personality, which was also shown in \'Anne of Green Gables\' and \'The Bride of Frankenstein\', is perfect here for portraying an enlightened approach in zoo management. The film is a fantasy about better world, a typical Depression-time theme. In those early days of the sound film, its audaciously creative approach to what is now called "sound design" was far from the conventional style where actors shouted into static microphones.'] ['On D-Day, a mixed group of forced labourers held by German forces take shelter from the bombardment inside a German bunker, but are then entombed when the entrances are blocked by shelling damage. By coincidence, the bunker is a store house and they have enough food and wine to last them for years. And they are trapped for years. The film analyzes how they deal with their underground prison, with their relationships, and with death.'] ["Tiger Haynes traps wild animals for a living, and bears the scars of his dangerous occupation on his face. He cares for only one thing in life: his beloved daughter, Toyo. When he returns to the city of Vien-Tien from his latest foray in the jungle, Toyo tells him that she and Bobby Bailey, the son of an American circus owner , have fallen in love and are engaged. Initially opposed to the union, Tiger gives them his blessing after Bobby protects the girl from a tiger that has gotten loose. Tiger and Bobby take the captured animals down the river for shipment to Bobby's father. On the trip, Bobby becomes infatuated with the alluring Madame de Sylva. When Bobby introduces Tiger to her, they regard each other with intense hatred. Tiger takes Bobby off the ship to get him away from the woman. While waiting for the barge carrying the animals, he explains that Madame de Sylva is Toyo's mother. She ran away when Toyo was only a baby. Aghast, Bobby makes Tiger promise to keep the whole incident secret. When they reach the port, Tiger is worried because Bobby and de Sylva will be sailing across the Pacific on the same ship. Bobby reassures him by instead returning with him to Toyo. However, Madame de Sylva arrives unexpectedly and is welcomed by an unsuspecting Toyo. De Sylva uses all her feminine wiles to try to lure Bobby away from her daughter. After Toyo overhears the truth in a heated argument between her parents, she tells Bobby she only wants him to be happy. That frees Bobby from the older woman's spell. Tiger secretly opens the cage of an old gorilla who still remembers being mistreated by de Sylva long ago. It is implied that the femme fatale is killed. When Toyo and Bobby come out to see what is going on, Tiger rushes into de Sylva's room and is gravely injured. Afterward, hiding the seriousness of his wounds, Tiger watches the young couple get married by the Padre."] ["Returning to her native Turin for the opening of a branch of a Rome fashion salon, the elegant Clelia  discovers a young woman named Rosetta Savoni  near death in the next room of her hotel. Rosetta took an overdose of sleeping pills in an attempt to commit suicide. Clelia, who is alone in her hometown, befriends Rosetta and her three wealthy friends. Momina De Stefani  is separated from her husband and easily replaces lovers. Nene  is a talented artist becoming successful in her career; she is married to a frustrated painter named Lorenzo  who envies the success of his wife. Mariella  is futile. Clelia is attracted by Carlo , the assistant of the salon's architect, Cesare Pedoni , but he belongs to the working class living in a different social reality. When Momina and Clelia discover that the reason Rosetta tried to commit suicide was because she felt in love for Lorenzo, the cynical Momina encourages Rosetta to stay with him, even though he and Nene were supposed to marry soon. The advice leads to tragic consequences."] ["The film starts in 1985. Cecil Jacobson is a successful doctor, running his own reproductive genetic center. He is earning respect of all doctors and is even nicknamed 'The Babymaker'. Nobody knows that he secretly uses his own sperm to impregnate his patients. One of his patients is Mary Bennett, a woman desperate to have a baby. She is unable to become a mother, however, because her husband Greg underwent a vasectomy. She is directed there by her friend Nita, who also had an artificial insemination. Greg isn't enthusiastic about the idea, but Mary convinces him to talk to Dr. Jacobson, explaining it might be their only chance. Greg has trouble accepting the insemination requires an anonymous donor and admits he isn't ready to be a father. Mary's mother instincts make her decide to still have the insemination and yet again, Dr. Jacobson uses his own sperm samples. Meanwhile, Mary's friend Sue thinks she is thirteen weeks pregnant, when she suddenly bleeds. She contacts Dr. Jacobson, but he assures her there is nothing wrong and he even shows her the shape of the baby on the ultrasound. Sue, still doubting that there is something wrong, contacts a second doctor, who reveals that she is not pregnant and that the so-called shape of the baby is actually fecal matter. She finds out that there are cases of several people who have gotten a false-positive pregnancy test at Dr. Jacobson's facility. She wants to confront him, but her husband pressures her to pretend as if nothing has happened. to see how far Dr. Jacobson will go with the lies. She does inform Mary, however, but she is reluctant to believe her, because she had just gotten a pregnancy confirmed. Sue and Bill later confront Dr. Jacobson, and he blames the false claim on the equipment. However, he does insist that there is fetal matter in her body, which means that she was indeed pregnant. Sue warns Mary about the doctor, but she refuses to believe her and they are soon estranged. It turns out that Mary was pregnant and she eventually gives birth to a boy. Five years later, Dr. Jacobson is charged with making people believe that they are pregnant. Mary thinks that they are false charges and blames it on Sue and Bill. A court trial ensues and soon rumours are spread that he used his own sperm for inseminations. Mary is determined to find out if he is the donor and soon starts to notice similarities between her son and the doctor. Greg advises her to leave it behind her, explaining he doesn't want their son Jesse to get involved with the trial. The hatred Mary feels for Dr. Jacobson starts to grow, but Greg forbids her to testify against him. She doesn't listen to him, however, and with the help of Sue, she goes to court in disguise. After giving an emotional testimony, Dr. Jacobson admits to the charges, but insists he did it for health reasons. He is eventually found guilty in all charges. In the end, Mary and Greg make up and Sue announces that she is pregnant. In the aftertitles, it is announced that Dr. Jacobson was sentenced to jail for five years after being found guilty on 46 counts of fraud and 6 of perjury and was recently freed on bail pending appeal and that Sue gave birth to a healthy boy."] ["The film tells the somewhat fictionalized rise and fall of Hollywood bombshell and sex symbol, Jayne Mansfield. The Jayne Mansfield Story opens in 1967 in Mississippi with Jayne Mansfield closing a show and then talking on a payphone with Mickey Hargitay about going on a new tour together. Intercut with scenes of Mansfield getting into a car and then crashing when the driver tries to overtake a spray truck is film of a teleprinter typing out the news of Mansfield's death. An announcer reads the text over both scenes. The film then goes to credits, intercut with still images of Mansfield as a child and young woman. The next scene is of an unnamed woman interviewing Hargitay about Mansfield . Hargitay shows her photos including one where a dark-haired Mansfield poses with a chimpanzee as a publicity stunt to promote a film premiere at the theater where she worked as a popcorn salesperson. . At a scene from the theater and at home Mansfield expresses her desire to act in films and she is shown as a single mother, taking care of her only daughter Jayne Marie after the father left because he disagreed with her acting ambition. In the next scene Mansfield approaches talent agent Bob Garrett on the street . She manages too convince Garrett to give her an audition for a one line part in a film after pushing her chest out and declaring that she has something more than Marilyn Monroe. At the audition, Mansfield declines to read the line given to her, opting instead to read a line from Come Back, Little Sheba. She doesn't get the part. Meeting later with Garrett, Mansfield makes a high pitched cooing sound and strikes a pose, asking rhetorically if this is what they want. Garrett tells her she might be on to something and tells her to lose weight and change her hair. Mansfield states that she'll project an airheaded bimbo image until her career gets going and then she'll switch to more serious roles. A month later Mansfield meets with Garrett at a car dealership, with blonde hair and wearing a pink polka-dot dress, she's received a pink Cadillac for free as promotion. Next, Mansfield appears at the Southern California press club , handing out Christmas presents while wearing a white fur trimmed bikini top and bottom. At a Florida poolside photoshoot, Mansfield pretends to fall in the pool , shouting that she can't swim to get the attention of the photographers who eagerly take pictures of her."] ['While planning her family reunion, the pistol-packing grandma, Mabel "Madea" Simmons, must contend with the other dramas on her plate, including the runaway who has been placed under her care, and her troubled nieces, half-sisters Lisa and Vanessa.'] ['Robert Syverton , who once dreamed of being a great film director, recalls the events leading to an unstated crime. In his youth, he saw a horse break its leg, after which it was shot and put out of its misery. Years later, in 1932, he wanders into a dance marathon about to begin in the shabby La Monica Ballroom, perched over the Pacific Ocean on the Santa Monica Pier, near Los Angeles. He is recruited by MC  Rocky  as a substitute partner for a cynical malcontent named Gloria , when her original partner is disqualified due to an ominous cough. Among the other contestants competing for a cash prize of $1500 are Harry Kline , a middle-aged sailor; Alice , a would-be Jean Harlow with delusions of grandeur, and her partner Joel , an aspiring actor; and impoverished farm worker James  and his pregnant wife Ruby . Early in the marathon the weaker pairs are eliminated quickly, while Rocky observes the vulnerabilities of the stronger contestants and exploits them for the audience\'s amusement. Already frayed nerves are exacerbated by the theft of one of Alice\'s dresses and Gloria\'s displeasure at the attention Alice receives from Robert. In retaliation, she takes Joel as her partner, but when he receives a job offer and departs, she aligns herself with Harry. Weeks into the marathon, in order to spark the paying spectators\' enthusiasm, Rocky stages a series of derbies in which the exhausted remaining contestants, clad in track suits, must race around the dance floor, with the last three couples eliminated. Harry suffers a fatal heart attack during one of these, and an undeterred Gloria lifts him on her back and crosses the finish line. It is clear that Harry dies as Gloria drags him. Alice, witnessing this at the end of her rope, suffers a breakdown and is taken away. Robert and Gloria, now without partners, once again pair up. Rocky suggests the couple marry during the marathon, a publicity stunt guaranteed to earn them some cash in the form of gifts from supporters such as Mrs. Laydon . When Gloria refuses, he reveals the contest is not what it appears to be on the surface. Numerous expenses will be deducted from the prize money, leaving the winner with close to nothing. Shocked by the revelation, the couple drops out of the competition. Distraught and despondent, Gloria confesses how empty inside she is. She tells Robert that she wants to kill herself, but when she takes out a gun and points it at herself, she cannot pull the trigger. Desperate, she asks Robert, "Help me." He obliges. Questioned by the police as to the motive for his action, Robert responds: "They shoot horses, don\'t they?" This final line of dialogue, echoing the film\'s title, is the "coup de grâce": the "blow of mercy." In committing assisted suicide, Robert is found guilty of murder and sentenced to be executed. His fate is not explicitly stated or depicted, but it is suggested through the film\'s use of flash-forwards and symbolism. The marathon continues with its few remaining couples, including James and Ruby. The eventual winners are never revealed.'] ['In the four and a half years since winning the world heavyweight title, Rocky has had a string of successful title defenses  and has seen his fame, wealth and celebrity increase. Now 1981, while unveiling a statue of himself at the steps of the Philadelphia Museum of Art, Rocky is publicly challenged by James "Clubber" Lang , a ferocious new boxer rapidly climbing the ranks. Lang accuses Rocky of intentionally accepting challenges from lesser opponents and after sexually insulting Rocky\'s wife Adrian , his challenge is accepted. Rocky\'s trainer Mickey  initially wants no part of it and admits to the champion that Lang was right, he had handpicked Rocky\'s opponents to protect him and to ensure Rocky remained successful and healthy. He also informs Rocky that Lang is young and hungry and that Rocky has no chance of beating him, as he has not retained his edge as a fighter. Rocky manages to convince Mickey to train him regardless, but his Las Vegas-style training camp is filled with distractions and Rocky clearly does not take the challenge seriously. Lang and Rocky meet at Philadelphia\'s Spectrum. During a melee before the fight, Mickey is shoved out of the way by Lang and suffers a heart attack. A now distraught Rocky wants to call the fight off, but Mickey angrily urges him on while he stays in the dressing room. By the time of the fight, Rocky is both enraged and severely distracted by his mentor\'s condition. The fight begins with Rocky pounding Lang with several huge blows, going for an early knockout, but the stronger and better prepared Lang is unfazed and quickly takes charge, dominating Rocky and knocking him out with a haymaker in the second round. Beaten, Rocky makes his way back to the dressing room and to the dying Mickey. Kneeling at his side, Rocky speaks to his friend, telling him that the fight ended in the second round by a knockout, which Mickey misinterprets as a win for Rocky, shortly before dying. Stopping by Mickey\'s closed gym, Rocky is confronted by his former nemesis Apollo Creed , who has witnessed the fight as a guest analyst, and offers to help train him for a rematch with Lang in exchange for "a big favor." At first, Rocky is too demoralized to put forth his best efforts which frustrates Apollo, but pulls himself together after Adrian helps him come to terms with Mickey\'s death. The rematch is held at Madison Square Garden in New York City. At the start of the fight, Rocky sprints from his corner, fighting with a level of skill and spirit that no one including Lang expected. As a result, Rocky completely dominates the first round, demonstrating his new-found speed. After the bell, Lang is in a fit of rage over what has just happened and has to be restrained by his trainers. In the second round, Lang gains the upper hand, and Rocky adopts an entirely different strategy that bewilders Apollo by intentionally taking a beating from Lang, and even gets knocked down at one point but manages to get up before he is counted out whilst taunting Lang for being unable to knock him out. In the third round, Lang  becomes increasingly angry and quickly exhausts his energy trying to finish Rocky off with repeated knockout blows, most of which miss the newly-agile Rocky entirely. Rocky taunts the champion in order to psych him out and the aggressive Lang is infuriated. He attacks even harder walking right into Rocky\'s trap. The tide turns and Rocky is able to overpower the winded and outboxed Lang, landing blow after blow and dodging attempted punches before knocking him out and re-gaining the heavyweight championship of the world. Afterwards, Rocky fulfills Apollo\'s vague "big favor": a private rematch with him. The film concludes with both of the fighters throwing their first punch simultaneously, but this time, they fight in the spirit of friendly competition rather than as fierce rivals.'] ['{{plot}} Two friends from different backgrounds, whose friendship spans more than 30 years through childhood, love, and tragedy: C.C. Bloom, a New York actress and singer, and Hillary Whitney, a San Francisco heiress and lawyer, become fast friends and keep in touch through letters growing up into adulthood. The film begins with singer C.C. Bloom  receiving a note during a rehearsal for her upcoming concert, a note which contains distressing news about her best friend Hillary. She leaves the rehearsal in a panic and tries frantically to travel to her friend\'s side although we are not told why at that point. Unable to get a flight to San Francisco because of fog, she rents a car and decides to drive overnight from Los Angeles. Upset and on edge, she starts to think about her best friend Hillary, beginning with how they first met. Rich girl Hillary Whitney  and child performer Cecilia Carol "C.C." Bloom  meet under the boardwalk on the beach in Atlantic City, New Jersey, in 1958. Hillary is lost and C.C. is hiding from her overbearing stage mother . They become fast friends, growing up and bonding through letters of support to each other. A grown-up Hillary  goes on to study law at Stanford Law School  and becomes a human rights lawyer. In the meantime, the singing career of the now-adult C.C. is not exactly taking off. They write to each other regularly and give updates on their lives. Then one night, Hillary shows up at the dive bar where C.C. is performing, having travelled to New York City on an impulse. She is tired of feeling trapped in her life and feels suffocated by her family\'s expectations of her. She soon gets a job with the ACLU, whereas C.C. now makes money by performing birthday singing telegrams, usually dressed in a rabbit or chicken suit. After she has accepted C.C.\'s offer to stay with her in her apartment, they become closer but eventually vie for the love of the same man ([[John Heard , the artistic director of the Falcon Players, who gives C.C. her start after listening to her delivery of a birthday singing telegram to him. A love triangle ensues as Hillary and John are instantly attracted to one another, leaving C.C. in the cold and feeling resentment toward her best friend. Matters are made worse when Hillary and John finally sleep together on C.C.\'s opening-night performance marking C.C.\'s first lead in an off-Broadway production. A cloud comes over Hillary\'s life in the form of her father becoming ill, and she is forced to return to San Francisco to look after him. The two friends resolve their issues about John, as John does not have romantic feelings for C.C. After her father passes away, Hillary marries his lawyer, Michael Essex . C.C. and John spend a lot of time together, start dating and eventually marry which leads again to the bond between the two women declining. Hillary and Michael return to New York to see C.C. on Broadway, by which time she has become a Broadway star. C.C. finds out that Hillary has resigned her position as a lawyer. The friends have an argument in Bloomingdales department store, with C.C. angry that Hillary has just given up on her dreams, and Hillary responding that C.C. has become no more than a "pretentious, social climber" who is obsessed with her career. The two women part ways, and unbeknownst to each other, they both feel incredible sadness over the loss of their friendship. C.C. tries to reconnect with Hillary, but Hillary throws herself into being a dutiful, but unchallenged, wife. However, the unions for both women are anything but blissful. The relationship between C.C. and John eventually deteriorates when John tells C.C. that her self-centeredness and obsession with her career has him feeling left behind and he asks for a divorce. Upset at the thought of her marriage failing, C.C. turns to her mother  one day on the beach. Her mother tells her that she has given up a lot for her daughter and that she must live her life and take care of herself. C.C. hears the truth for the first time when her mother tells her the effect that her selfishness has had on those closest to her. Meanwhile, Hillary, while believing that her marriage is strong, returns home from a trip earlier than expected. She enters the kitchen and sees her husband having breakfast with another woman who is wearing one of her bathrobes. Michael, shocked at seeing his wife, reaches for the woman\'s hand, wordlessly confirming that he has been having an affair. Later, the women reunite after Hillary divorces her husband and they both discover that they have been secretly jealous of each other for years without realizing it. Hillary is upset that she has none of the talent or charisma that C.C. is noted for, but as C.C. is about to retaliate, she admits, instead, that Hillary stands out for reasons that she  has always been deeply envious of: she is both beautiful and intelligent. The two then realize that their feud could have been avoided by honest communication, and an appreciation of each other\'s most recognized qualities. Hillary tells C.C. that she is pregnant and also that she caught Michael cheating on her, and that he wants nothing to do with the child he has fathered, planning to marry his mistress instead. Hillary admits that she has already decided to keep the baby and raise it as a single parent, a decision that wins her much admiration from the feisty and always independent C.C. who promises she will stay and help her out. Although she leaves for a short time because she is promised a lead part in a new musical, she returns in time for the birth and faints in the delivery room, alluding to the recurrent theme of C.C. stealing the attention from Hillary. Hillary has a daughter, whom she names Victoria Cecilia . When Victoria is a young girl, Hillary finds herself easily exhausted and breathless, a state she attributes to her busy schedule as an attorney. But when she collapses at work and is rushed to the hospital, she is diagnosed with viral cardiomyopathy, a debilitating cardiac illness, requiring a heart transplant if she is to live. She is put on a donor list, but it is rare that a heart of her tissue type will be found in time. Hillary learns more about the illness and it becomes clear that she will most likely die as a result of it, depriving her of the chance to live to see her daughter grow up. This plunges her into a state of depression, which she inadvertently takes out on C.C. who she sees as "having energy", and who is "fun", in comparison to her now debilitated state. When C.C. agrees to accompany Hillary and Victoria to the beach house during some free time off after completing her album, she locks horns with Victoria who sees her as an interruption in the life of both her and her mother. Gradually, both come to appreciate one another. Eventually, Hillary sheds her feelings of anger and depression and begins to accept her prognosis bravely. When C.C. makes a comment to Hillary that she knows everything that there is to know about her, Hillary replies, under her breath, that she\'s "counting on it". C.C. heads back home for a quick performance while Hillary is left to prepare Victoria to attend C.C.\'s concert. Before leaving, Victoria returns to her room to find her mother passed out on the floor and suddenly screams for help. C.C. races to the hospital in San Francisco after driving all night from Los Angeles. Hillary, close to death, tells C.C. that her one last wish is for Victoria not to see her in that state. C.C. arranges to get Hillary discharged from the hospital so that she can spend her last hours saying goodbye to Victoria. They return to the beach house  and C.C. does all she can to make the final moments of her best friend\'s life as comfortable and as enjoyable as possible. The scene cuts away to a cemetery, and Hillary\'s headstone. C.C. takes Victoria back to her home to settle Hillary\'s affairs. After the funeral, C.C. reveals to Victoria that her mother wanted her to live with C.C. who is honest enough to admit that she is very selfish and has no idea what kind of a mother she will make but also tells her: "there\'s nothing in the world that I want more than to be with you". She then takes Victoria into her arms and the two console each other in their grief. Though there are other relatives who want to take Victoria , Victoria decides to go with C.C.. C.C. returns to the Hollywood Bowl to complete the concert that she was forced to postpone because of Hillary\'s illness, and we learn that C.C. Bloom now enjoys almost iconic status as a performer. After the show, she leaves the stage with Victoria in hand, and begins reciting tales of when she first met Hillary just as Hillary had hoped she would. Victoria is enchanted with her new guardian\'s anecdotes. C.C.\'s and Victoria\'s voices fade as we hear the younger C.C. and Hillary speak: "Be sure to keep in touch, C.C., O.K.?" "Well sure, we\'re friends aren\'t we?" The film ends with a clip from the start of the film of C.C. and Hillary taking pictures together, in a photo booth, on the day they first met.'] ["Combining elements of Tennessee Williams and William Faulkner, the story focuses on eighteen-year-old Purslane Hominy Will, who leaves the Florida trailer park where she lives with her abusive boyfriend to return to her hometown of New Orleans following the drug overdose death of her jazz singer mother Lorraine, a free spirit she had not seen for several years. The girl is startled to discover one-time Auburn University professor of literature Bobby Long and his protégé and former teaching assistant, struggling writer Lawson Pines, living in her dilapidated childhood home. Both men are heavy drinkers who spend their days smoking numerous cigarettes, quoting Dylan Thomas, Benjamin Franklin, and T.S. Eliot, playing chess, and spending time with the neighbors while Bobby strums a guitar and sings melancholy country-folk songs. The two convince Pursy her mother left the house to all three of them, although in reality she is the sole heir and the time they legally are allowed to remain in it is limited by the terms of the will. Pursy moves in and proves to be the most responsible and sensible member of the dysfunctional family the three create. The men's efforts to drive her away gradually abate as they grow fond of her with the passing of time. Bobby - unshaven, slovenly, and suffering from ailments he prefers to ignore - attempts to improve the lot of the young girl by introducing her to The Heart is a Lonely Hunter and encouraging her to return to high school and get her diploma. Lawson, suffering from writer's block, finds himself attracted to Pursy but hesitant to complicate his life further by becoming involved with her. Memories of Lorraine linger for all of them, especially Pursy, who vividly recalls her mother ignoring her in favor of pursuing a career. Her sense of who her mother was is altered somewhat when she finds a cache of letters Lorraine wrote her but never mailed, letters that lead her to discover not only how her mother really felt about her, but the true identity of her father as well."] ["Spy Smasher is a costumed Vigilante acting independently of the US while it remains out of World War II. After discovering information about Nazi activities in occupied France he is captured and executed. However this is faked and he escapes back to the US, meeting with his twin brother Jack  and Jack's fiance. The Nazi agent in the US is The Mask, operating from a U-Boat near the coast. The Mask's attacks on the US begin with an attempt to flood the country with forged money and destroy the economy. When this is defeated, he continues with other attacks including destroying planes, oil and munitions intended for Britain. Constant defeats at the hands of Spy Smasher, with support from Jack Armstrong and Admiral Corby, also leads the villain to take the fight back to the masked hero. In the end, the villain is killed aboard his own U-Boat in a sea of flaming oil. However, Spy Smasher's brother Jack Armstrong was also killed by the Nazis earlier in the serial."] ['Taxi dancer Madeleine McGonegle  attracts the attention of millionaire Paul Vanderkill ([[John Boles , and when she become pregnant, they get married to avoid a scandal. When the baby dies at birth, Madeleine runs away to Mexico, to give Paul the divorce she thinks he wants. There, she meets "Panama Canal" Kelly , an old friend who proposed to her before he went west. Undeterred by her recent past, he asks her again to get married, and she eventually agrees. When Paul discovers where she is, he shows up just as the couple is about to be wed. When Panama overhears Madeleine confess her love to Paul, he bows out of the picture.<ref nameavg&sql70795&category=Full%20Synopsis Full synopsis]Majidi, Cameron Plot summary'] ['Esperanza , a young and beautiful woman, narrates to her son her history across the Mexican Revolution.'] ["Jeffrey Lynn plays a defeated politician who takes over as editor of a small town newspaper in an effort to get himself elected. His campaign is intended to be a continuing expose of the evils of big industry, and his strategy is to publish daily investigations of industrial skullduggery and pollution. Marilyn Monroe, listed as one of the film's stars, actually plays a very small bit as Iris Martin, the shapely office secretary. On a school outing to an abandoned mine, Jeffrey Lynn's little sister is trapped in the collapse of a mine tunnel, and the town's industries come to her rescue. After little sister is rescued and flown in a company plane to the big city, Lynn has a change of heart and recognizes that the industrial towns-people are actually doing their best to help their fellow citizens."] ['The movie is set in Moscow during the late 1950s and the late 1970s. The plot centers on three young women who come to Moscow from smaller towns: Katerina, Lyudmila, and Antonina. They are placed together in a university dormitory apartment and eventually become friends. Katerina  strives to earn her degree and also works hard at a factory. She is asked to house-sit an apartment for her well-to-do Moscow relatives while they are away on a trip, and Lyudmila  convinces her to throw a dinner party at the apartment and pretend that they are the daughters of a rich professor, as a ploy to meet successful Muscovite men. At the party, each young woman meets a man who is destined to change her life. Lyudmila meets Sergei, a famous hockey player. Antonina meets Nikolai, a reserved but kind young man. Katerina meets Rudolf , a smooth talker who works as a cameraman for a television channel. He eventually forces himself on Katerina, resulting in her becoming pregnant. Upon discovering that Katerina does not actually come from a rich professor\'s family, Rudolf refuses to marry her or acknowledge the child as his own. Rudolf\'s mother tells Katerina to stop bothering her son and offers her money, which Katerina refuses. This leaves Katerina alone with the baby. The movie shows Katerina with tears in her eyes setting her alarm clock in a dormitory where she just arrived after bearing her daughter, Alexandra , then takes a 20-year leap forward in time. Katerina is then shown waking up to the sound of an alarm clock in her own apartment. She is still single, but she had gone from being a down on her luck student to becoming the executive director of a large factory. She has a lover, an older married man named Volodya , but she is left feeling empty by the affair. Despite her career success, Katerina seems unfulfilled and weighed down by a deep sadness. She is still close friends with Lyudmila and Antonina. After the party, Lyudmila had seduced and married Sergei, but shortly after he quit playing hockey and became an alcoholic. Antonina also married, and alone among the three friends found happiness with her husband, Nikolai, with whom she had three children. One evening when Katerina is returning home from Antonina\'s dacha in the countryside on an elektrichka train, she meets a man named Gosha . Soon afterward they start seeing each other. As their romance begins, Rudolf unexpectedly reenters Katarina\'s life. He is part of a news crew that arrives at Katerina\'s factory to do a report on the factory\'s success at exceeding the production quota. He does not recognize his ex-lover at first but when he does, he wants to make amends and meet his daughter. Katerina lets him know that she does not want to see him again. But Rudolf shows up uninvited at her apartment one evening when Katerina is having dinner with Gosha and Alexandra. It is an awkward scene. Rudolf tells Gosha and Alexandra about the interview. At that moment, Gosha finds out that Katerina is a factory director and realizes that her salary must be larger than his own. Coming from a society where many men relished their role as the breadwinners of the family, Gosha finds his pride wounded, becomes upset, and leaves in a huff. For several days, Gosha disappears from Katerina\'s life, no longer visiting or returning her calls. Katerina becomes frantic. Her former dormitory roommates gather in her apartment and decide to help. Nikolai , the husband of Antonina, sets out to find Gosha. He finds him drinking and, after getting drunk with him, he convinces Gosha to return to Katerina. The final scene of the movie is set in the kitchen of Katerina\'s flat. Gosha eats at the table. Katerina watches him with tears in her eyes. Gosha asks "What\'s wrong?" Katerina replies: "I have been looking for you for so long". After a moment of thought, Gosha says: "eight days." Katerina says "No," and repeats, "I have been looking for you for so long," implying that Gosha is the first decent man she has met since that fateful dinner party twenty years ago.'] ['Newlywed Kate Judson Lawrence  is distraught to discover on her wedding night that her upper class Philadelphia Main Line husband, William Lawrence III , is impotent. After he leaves her on that night, she seeks comfort from longtime working class friend Mike Flanagan . The next day, Kate learns that William died in a car wreck. She gives birth to a son, Anthony Judson "Tony" Lawrence, and raises him in genteel poverty. Years pass. Tony  becomes a smart, ambitious college student, working his way through school as a construction worker with his sights on becoming a lawyer. One day, he encounters socialite Joan Dickinson  when she has a minor car accident. They soon fall in love, though Joan is expected by nearly everyone in her lofty social circle to marry millionaire Carter Henry . Their mutual friend, Chester "Chet" Gwynn , warns her not to let social pressure separate her from the one she loves, as it did him. Tony persuades her to elope. However, Joan\'s father Gilbert Dickinson ([[John Williams  persuades Tony to postpone the wedding by offering him invaluable career help and a job at the highly esteemed law firm of which he is a full partner. Believing Tony has allowed himself to be bought, a disillusioned Joan sails to Europe. When Carter follows her, she marries him. Devastated and angry, Tony realizes that Joan\'s father wanted her to marry into another wealthy family, and only offered Tony help with his career in the hope of breaking them up. Tony then devotes himself to working his way up the social ladder and learning the game of the wealthy. Fellow student Louis Donetti  tells Tony about a wonderful opportunity he has to assist John Marshall Wharton  in writing a law book. Tony becomes acquainted with Wharton\'s much younger wife Carol  and steals the job from his classmate. Living and working at Wharton\'s mansion, Tony impresses his employer with his expertise. Carol becomes attracted to him. She comes to his bedroom one night, but he cunningly defuses the dangerous situation by asking her to divorce her husband and marry him, knowing that she is unwilling to start over. Wharton offers Tony a job at his own prestigious firm. Tony accepts, deciding to specialize in the relatively new area of tax law, where there is more opportunity for rapid advancement. When the Korean War breaks out, interrupting his career, Tony serves as a JAG officer. Others are not as fortunate. Chet loses an arm in combat, and Carter Henry is killed. Upon returning home, Tony gets a lucky break. Forced to work over the Christmas holiday, he is available when the very rich Mrs. J. Arthur Allen  needs her will amended. With his specialized knowledge, he shows her how to avoid paying a great deal of taxes. Mrs. Allen responds by designating Tony to manage her finances instead of her longtime lawyer, Gilbert Dickinson. Tony also begins mending his relationship with Joan. Success after success follows, and Tony becomes well known and respected by the Philadelphia elite. One night, Chet resurfaces. Tony is called to the police station to pick up his disheveled, drunken friend. However, before they can leave, Donetti  has Chet taken into custody and charged with the first degree murder of Morton Stearnes ([[Robert Douglas , Chet\'s uncle and tight-fisted guardian of his inheritance. Chet insists on Tony defending him, fearing that his relatives, particularly family patriarch Dr. Shippen Stearnes ([[Frank Conroy , are more interested in avoiding a scandal than proving his innocence. Despite having no experience with criminal law, Tony reluctantly agrees. His work is further complicated when Shippen Stearnes threatens to reveal that Tony\'s real father is Mike Flanagan if Tony embarrasses the Stearnes clan. When Joan offers to hire a reliable attorney, Tony realizes that she still does not trust him and fears that he has sold out once again. At the trial, Tony discredits the testimony of Morton Stearnes\' butler, George Archibald ([[Richard Deacon . He gets Shippen to admit that Morton had a brain tumor and was mentally depressed, and that he might have committed suicide. The jury finds Chet not guilty. After the trial, Tony and Joan reconcile.'] ['Soldiers Martin  and Jack  are very good friends during World War II. While their friendship grows, they do not realize they are brothers-in-law. Martin eventually learns that Jack is married to his sister Josie . When Jack and Josie elope, Jorge , her Basque immigrant father, tracks them down and abducts his daughter in order to dominate her with his "old-world" notions of marriage. However, when Jorge Larraneta drowns in a lake after an auto accident, Martin  returns home and learns of his father\'s death. He vows revenge after he learns his buddy Jack has become his sworn enemy. Martin gets himself assigned to Jack\'s infantry platoon in Italy in order to seek vengeance.'] ['The story opens circa 1980 at an abandoned chateau in the Swiss Alps, once a prestigious boarding school, L\'Hirondelle. The internationally famous film siren Lili  travels from there to a private meeting with the elderly Hortense Boutin , who Lili knows was paying money on behalf of one of the school\'s students to a family which adopted the student\'s illegitimate child. Lili is the child, now grown up. The story then flashes back to 1960, introducing schoolgirls Pagan Trelowney ([[Brooke Adams , Judy Hale , and Maxine Pascal . Through misadventure and romance, each finds herself entangled with a man - Pagan with Prince Abdullah of Sydon ([[Anthony Higgins , Judy with banker Nick Cliffe  and Maxine with ice hockey player Pierre Boursal . All three romances come to naught, but one of the three falls pregnant. Knowing it means ruin for the unwed mother, the three make a pact to protect her identity. All three present themselves to the local doctor, Dr Geneste , deciding not to reveal which of them is pregnant until the last possible moment, and he agrees to assist in having the child adopted. The only clue offered, is a remark by the Doctor, when he finally discovers the identity of the mother-to-be: "Of the three of you, you are the one I least suspected." The child, Elizabeth Lace, is born on November 17, 1960. The mother\'s birth name is recorded as Lucinda Lace. An attempt by the school\'s headmaster Monsieur Chardin  to expel the girls is thwarted when they unearth photographs of him in a homosexual tryst with the school\'s chauffer, Paul . They blackmail Chardin into allowing them to stay, and graduating them with honors. The child is placed with a foster family. On their behalf, Maxine\'s aunt, Hortense Boutin , agrees to pay money to Felix and Angelina Dersaad, a French couple who consent to raise the child. The three women, though they initially promise to retrieve the child, do not do so. The three girls, on the verge of success in their respective careers, receive a report that the child has been killed, and previously suppressed resentment, jealousy and shame erupts into a feud between the three, and they go their separate ways. In fact, Lili survived  and transforms herself into a soft-core porn actress, street-walker and finally a film sex symbol. Her ambition is extraordinary, but her drive comes from a desire to find the woman who abandoned her, and punish her for the years of suffering, first in a labour camp, and then on the streets of Paris, which Lili has endured. Employing a private investigator, Lili tracks the payments to her adopted parents to Hortense, and through her, finds out about the three school friends, and their pact. She knows one of them is her mother. Pagan Trelowney is now Lady Swann, a British aristocrat, and the wife of a famous cancer researcher who devotes her time to raising money for his charitable foundation, Judy Hale has become a respected journalist, war correspondent, and now publisher of Lace magazine, while Maxine Pascal is now the Countess de Chazalle, a French socialite, who has rebuilt her husband\'s estate. Slowly, deliberately, Lili inveigles herself in the lives of the three women - promising then reneging on an exclusive interview with Judy to re-launch her magazine, offering and threatening to take away from Pagan a charity premiere of her new film to raise money for research, and seducing Maxine\'s son, intending to estrange him from his mother. Lili\'s intention is, if they do not reveal which of them is her mother, to ruin all three. At the conclusion of the first part of the two parts of the mini-series, Lili assembles the three former friends, and challenges them with the mini-series\' most famous line: "Which one of you bitches is my mother?". The second part of the mini-series is driven largely by flashbacks to the three women\'s young adulthood, charting their respective career successes, and returning occasionally to the present where all three are in the company of the woman who claims to be the abandoned daughter. Scenes from Lili\'s childhood are also seen. At the conclusion of the second part, Lili urges each of them to expose the other as her real mother, but they remain silent. Infuriated by their distant and reluctant responses, Lili orders them to leave, but keeps the promises she had made to each of them in the first part of the mini-series. As they do, Lili presents them with irrefutable evidence of her birth - the date, the doctor\'s name, and all the details the women thought were secret. Later, Pagan, Judy and Maxine are having drinks in the hotel bar and discussing the matter further. Ironically however, Lili\'s revelation is what ultimately helps to repair their estranged friendship and they decide that, for the first time, Lili\'s mother is "on her own". In the final scene of the mini-series, Lili receives a phone call from the hotel manager, telling her that her mother wants to see her. Shocked, Lili gathers her courage and rushes into the foyer of her suite. She sits down on the staircase and waits for her mother to enter. A moment later, Judy Hale comes into the room and after a tense moment of silence, beckons Lili to come closer. Lili slowly rises from the stairs, walks toward Judy and the two embrace each other.'] ['The story opens on a small-town street. A man throws a bundle of papers onto the sidewalk from the back of a truck labeled "Chronicle". Clift is sitting in a bar when a woman offers him a drink. He refuses, telling her how alcohol seems to be poisonous to him. After talking with her for a while, he finds out that she is married to the editor of the paper where he is hoping to work. The editor shows up to meet his wife only to find her talking to Monty. When he asks how Monty found him, Monty says, "I heard that there was a bar where newspaper people hang out. I came here since it is the closest to the Chronicle, the only paper in town." The Mrs. says that Monty can write and that he deserves the chance to prove it. Ryan says, "OK, so write!" Clift hems and haws momentarily, but then delivers the following story: "The Chronicle is pleased to announce the addition of a new member to our staff. He met the Editor in Chief, who went so far as to insult his own wife in an effort to provoke the new staff member. Instead of punching the editor in the face, he accepted a position on the paper."'] ["Ingrid Bergman played a notorious woman  who comes back to New Orleans and falls for a Texas gambler, portrayed by Gary Cooper. In 1875, Clio Dulaine, the illegitimate daughter of an aristocratic New Orleans Creole man and a very light-skinned Creole woman of color who was his placée, returns from Paris to her birthplace in Rampart Street to avenge her mother's mistreatment at the hands of her father's family, the Dulaines. Years ago Clio's mother accidentally killed Dulaine when he tried to prevent her from committing suicide, and the scandalized Dulaines then exiled Clio and her mother to Paris. Clio is accompanied by her Haitian maid, Angelique, and her dwarf manservant, Cupidon. After fixing up the rundown house in Rampart Street, Clio ventures out, hoping to encounter the Dulaines, now consisting of her father's widow, her mother, and her daughter and Clio's half-sister, Charlotte Thérèse. At the French marketplace, Clio stops for a bowl of jambalaya and is immediately attracted to Clint Maroon, a tall Texan in a white hat, who is eating at the counter. The attraction is mutual, and Clint offers to drive Clio to the cathedral in his carriage, but a disapproving Angelique interferes, and Clio leaves without him. After the service, Clio, Angelique and Cupidon breakfast at Begue's, the restaurant patronized by the Dulaines every Sunday. Announcing to the maitre d' that she is a relative, Clio sits at the table reserved for the Dulaines, but when the Dulaines arrive, they recognize her by her resemblance to her mother and leave without a confrontation. Clint and Clio meet again at the restaurant, and afterward, he drives her home. Clio and Clint begin a courtship. Eventually, Clint moves into Clio's house. Although Clio and Clint are in love with each other, Clio, who is obsessed with her plans for revenge, intends to marry a rich and powerful man to prove that she is as good as her father's family. Clint, a gambler, who never intends to marry, is out for revenge on the railroaders who ruined his father in Texas. While Clio continues to embarrass the Dulaines at every opportunity, planning, if necessary, to sabotage the society debut of her half-sister Charlotte Thérèse, Clint, exasperated by Clio's unrelenting machinations, leaves for Saratoga Springs, New York. As the result of Clio's scheming, the Dulaines pay her $10,000, agree to destroy the Rampart Street house and bury her mother in a New Orleans cemetery. Later, Clio joins Clint in Saratoga Springs, where she plots to marry wealthy railroad heir Bartholomew Van Steed. Clio's arrival with Angelique and Cupidon causes quite a stir, and because the hotel is completely booked, Clint, who is now calling himself Colonel Maroon, offers Clio two of the rooms in his suite. Privately, he explains that Bart owns a railroad, the Saratoga Trunk, which is suddenly worth millions of dollars because it connects the coal country with New York. Railroader Raymond Soule, the same man who ruined Clint's father, is trying to steal the railroad from Bart. Clio poses as the widow of a French count, a claim that many doubt until she is unexpectedly backed up by socialite Mrs. Coventry Bellop, who intensely dislikes Van Steed's mother. Clio's beauty and melodramatic posturing quickly capture Bart's attentions. In the meantime, Clint offers to save the Saratoga Trunk from Soule in exchange for shares in the railroad. When Clio learns that Bart is paying Clint to do his dirty work, she hysterically accuses him of cowardice and sends him away. This excites Bart, who explains that he knows about her background, but wants to marry her anyway. The costume ball that evening is interrupted by the arrival of Clint and Cupidon, who were seriously wounded during a pitched battle with Soule's men. Clio realizes that she loves Clint too much to marry another man and nurses him back to health. Clint then tells Clio that, having saved the Saratoga Trunk from Soule, his railroad shares have made him a very rich man, and that he plans to eventually take over the trunk line himself from Van Steed."] ["In 1947, the singer Édith Piaf and the boxer Marcel Cerdan are both at the peak of their respective careers. Their encounter gives birth to a passionate love affair lasting some two years, cut short by Cerdan's death in an air crash."] ["William Campbell  is a wealthy businessman who has just lost his wife. He decides to make good on a promise he made her by opening a free reading room in an inner-city neighborhood where he grew up. Despite his good intentions, problems in the neighborhood threaten his establishment, especially from local gang members and a preacher  who questions Campbell's motives."] ["{{Plot}} Its plot involves Jassy Woodroofe, a wild gypsy girl  hired as a servant in a 19th century household. During a social evening at Christopher Hatton's  country estate, Mordelaine, his son Barney has a romantic tryst with Dilys Helmar . But the next day, Barney discovers that his mother's jewels have been purloined by her husband, who has spent all night gambling with Dilys' father Nick . Barney arrives just in time to see Mordelaine lost on a single unlucky throw of the dice. The Hattons are forced to move to a cottage in a nearby village. One day, while his horse is shod by blacksmith Bob Wicks, Barney sees some villagers tormenting a young woman, whom he rescues. She is Jassy Woodroffe, considered a witch because of her mother's gypsy blood (her father, Tom Woodroffe  and her gift of second sight. Mrs Hatton hires Jassy as a domestic servant, over and above the maid Meggie's suspicions. Tom Woodroffe breaks up an altercation between Bob Wicks and his daughter Lindy, but Wicks' brutal whipping has struck her dumb. At Mordelaine, its new owner Nick allows Christopher credit to continue gambling - but Christopher is caught cheating. Shamed, he goes upstairs and kills himself. After discovering the body, Nick finds his wife in the arms of a lover. After she reveals the affair has been going on for months, he agrees to a divorce. At a stormy village meeting, Tom Woodroffe assembles a crowd to march on their landlord to ask for better pay and conditions. They are confronted on the doorstep by a drunken Nick.  Nick and Tom struggle, Nick's shotgun goes off, and Tom is fatally wounded.  Jassy and Barney become increasingly close - too close for Mrs Hatton, who asks her to leave, though with an excellent reference that manages to secure her a job at a young ladies' finishing school. There, she meets and makes friends with Dilys after catching her sneaking out one night for a romantic tryst - but she is blamed for Dilys' disappearance and sacked. Dilys takes Jassy to Mordelaine and introduces her to her father as her friend. Nick is convinced that he has heard the name Woodroffe before, and Jassy reminds him that it was the name of her father. Nick apologises for his actions, blaming drunkenness. Dilys and Jassy go to see Barney. To Jassy's chagrin, the romance between Dilys and Barney rekindles, even though Jassy knows that Dilys has also been seeing Stephen Fennell. Jassy plays chess with Nick, and he offers her the job of running Mordelaine. Jassy restructures the staff, sacking some and promoting others. Mrs Wicks persuades her to take on Lindy, who turns out to be an excellent worker despite her silence. One day, Jassy catches Dilys and Stephen together , and is shocked to hear later the same day that Barney has proposed to her. In a rage, Nick horsewhips Dilys, who runs out into the arms and carriage of Stephen. Barney goes to see Stephen and finds that he and Dilys are engaged. Meanwhile, Nick makes his intentions known towards Jassy, eventually proposing marriage. She refuses, but reconsiders when he agrees to give her Mordelaine as a wedding gift. They marry, but Jassy insists on living separately. In a fury, Nick goes out riding and has an accident. Lindy finds him and summons Jassy. He is brought back to Mordelaine, where the doctor prescribes a strict diet and no alcohol, which Jassy enforces, even though Nick is increasingly violent towards her. When Jassy goes to visit Dilys and Stephen, Lindy decides to poison Nick for what he has done to Jassy, slipping rat poison into a bottle of wine. Nick's murder is sensed by Jassy, who cries out that he is dead. Stephen thinks that she murdered him, and has her arrested along with Lindy. At the trial, despite Jassy's alibi, the pair are found guilty, but the shock goads Lindy into speech. She confesses to the murder, exonerates Jassy, and drops dead. Jassy signs over Mordelaine to Barney, its rightful heir, and the reunited couple kiss."] ['In April 1967, 18-year-old Susanna Kaysen  voluntarily checks herself into Claymoore Hospital after taking an overdose of aspirin. She denies the accusation from many that she was attempting to commit suicide, claiming that she was only "trying to make the shit stop". Nurses and therapists are surprised when Susanna acknowledges that she does not actually want to go to college and would like to become a writer. She befriends fellow patients Polly "Torch" Clark , Georgina Tuskin , Daisy Randone , Janet Webber , and Cynthia Crowley  and forms a small troupe of troubled women in her ward. Susanna is particularly enchanted by Lisa Rowe , a diagnosed sociopath. When Lisa returns to the ward after running away, she notices that her old best friend\'s place has been taken by Susanna. She demands to know what happened to her best friend, eventually realizing that she had committed suicide. Eventually, Lisa befriends Susanna and the two start causing trouble. Lisa encourages Susanna to stop taking her medications and/or trade them with others, and generally resist the influences of therapy. During a visit outside the ward at a nearby ice cream shop, Susanna is confronted by her mother\'s friend, the angry wife of Susanna\'s old English teacher, with whom she had an affair, and her daughter. The woman harshly berates Susanna, but Lisa intervenes with a verbal assault, horrifying the older woman. As a result, Lisa loses her outside privileges. Susanna\'s former boyfriend, Tobias "Toby" Jacobs , comes to visit her. Toby reveals that he is about to be drafted, and invites her to run away to Canada with him. He tries to convince her that she isn\'t crazy and that the girls in the asylum aren\'t really her friends, but Susanna refuses to go with him. It is shown that Polly observes the couple as they speak outside. That night, she awakens screaming. The nurses remove her and place her into solitary confinement to calm her down, but she continues sobbing, horrified by the burn scars all over her body and face. To cheer her up, Susanna steals a guitar from the music room and sits outside Polly\'s room with Lisa, singing "Downtown" by Petula Clark. When a male orderly notices them, Susanna seduces him to keep him from reporting the incident. Afterwards, the two girls fall asleep outside Polly\'s room. In the morning, Valerie Owens, the RN  sees the two, exclaims that she is sick of their antics and is referring them to the therapists. The next morning, Susanna is called into the therapist\'s office, where she is analyzed once more. Susanna meets the head psychiatrist, Dr. Sonia Wick , and attempts to shut her out with a nasty attitude. In response, Wick decides to take Susanna as her patient. She is diagnosed with borderline personality disorder. Lisa is also taken to see the doctor but does not return, and Susanna falls into a depression. Frustrated with Susanna\'s noncompliance, Valerie throws her into a cold bath to wake her. Susanna attacks her verbally. Lisa returns, and she and Susanna break out of Claymoore. After hitching a ride, they spend the night at the house of the recently released Daisy, whom Lisa antagonizes in her usual fashion. She accuses Daisy of having an incestuous relationship with her father, and mocks her for continuing to cut herself. Daisy hangs herself the next morning. Unfazed by the suicide, Lisa searches her pocket, takes whatever cash she can find and nonchalantly leaves the house on her own, but a mortified Susanna stays behind to phone an ambulance and subsequently return to the hospital. Susanna also adopts Daisy\'s cat, Ruby. In the next few weeks, she begins to cooperate with her doctors and responds to her therapy, expressing her feelings through writing and painting. She is soon scheduled to be released. At that point, Lisa is caught and returned by the police. Upon learning about Susanna\'s pending release, Lisa targets Susanna for ridicule and emotional abuse. On her last night at Claymoore, Susanna awakens to discover Lisa in the maze of corridors beneath the ward, reading Susanna\'s diary to Georgina and Polly, including all of the private thoughts and comments she has made about the other residents. The other girls turn on Susanna, with Lisa particularly vicious. In the ensuing dispute Lisa threatens to stab herself with a large hypodermic needle, but Georgina\'s words disarm her. Susanna confronts Lisa, telling her that she keeps coming back to the hospital because she has nowhere else to go, and that she is "already dead". Defeated, Lisa cries out in anguish, but Susanna ignores her and goes back to her room. Susanna is released the next day. Before she leaves, she visits Lisa and talks to her again, telling her that she will get out and that she must come and see her. As Susanna leaves, she says goodbye to all her friends, giving Polly her adopted cat Ruby and reconciling with Georgina. At the end of the film, Susanna states that by the 1970s, most of her friends were released.'] ["David Coleman  is a young doctor hired by a hospital's pathology department. The head of the department, Dr. Joseph Pearson , sees Coleman as a rival, and they fight over many medical issues. Coleman falls in love with Cathy Hunt , a nurse at the hospital, who develops a tumor in her knee. Pearson believes that the tumor is malignant and that the leg should be amputated, but Coleman disagrees. Coleman orders three blood tests on Mrs. Alexander, an expectant mother whose baby may have hemolytic disease, but Pearson believes that the tests are excessive and cancels the third test. Mrs. Alexander is married to a young intern at the hospital , who, along with Coleman, tried to push for the third test. When the baby is born seriously ill, Dr. Charles Dornberger , Mrs. Alexander's OB/GYN, berates Pearson and conducts a blood transfusion to save the baby's life. Pearson's future at the hospital becomes uncertain, and he resigns. Coleman has changed his mind about Cathy's tumor and agrees with Pearson's decision, while Pearson says that Coleman reminds him of himself when he was young and urges him not to let hospital bureaucracy to wear him down."] ['An introductory scene takes place in Paris in 1913, where Coco Chanel attends the first, scandalous performance of Igor Stravinsky’s The Rite of Spring. The rhythmic dissonance of the score and the surprising choreography of the piece result in heckling and outrage among much of the audience. But Chanel is impressed by Stravinsky and his music. Seven years later, Chanel and Stravinsky meet again. Although her business has flourished, Chanel is mourning the death of her lover, Arthur "Boy" Capel. Stravinsky has chosen to flee to France following the Russian Revolution. An immediate sympathy and attraction occurs between the ‘couturiere’ and the composer. Chanel invites Stravinsky to live in her villa outside Paris, along with his ailing wife and their children. The summer months that follow see Chanel and Stravinsky begin an affair, one which Stravinsky\'s wife can not avoid becoming aware of. Tensions between Stravinsky and his wife, and between Stravinsky\'s wife and Chanel, are unavoidable. The film implies that the affair, and the later termination of the affair by Chanel, has a major influence on the lives of both Chanel and Stravinsky. It is during this time that Chanel creates Chanel No. 5 with her perfumer, Ernest Beaux, and that Stravinsky begins to compose in a new, more liberated style. It is especially implied that the termination of the affair inspired some of the most moving passages in Stravinsky\'s new composition.'] [' Mae Doyle  returns to her home town, the fishing village of Monterey, California after ten years "back East." Her fisherman brother Joe  is not particularly pleased to see her, but accepts her back into the family home. His girlfriend Peggy  is more welcoming. When Joe asks Mae about the rich man she was seeing, she explains he was a married politician. He died and left her some money, but his wife and relatives took her to court and won. Mae begins to date Jerry ([[Paul Douglas , a good-natured, unsophisticated fisherman with his own boat. Mae instantly despises Jerry\'s friend, Earl Pfeiffer , a bitter, dissatisfied film projectionist. Mae\'s politician lover had made her feel more confident in herself; in stark contrast, Earl has a low opinion of women in general and makes no attempt to hide it. His wife is a vaudeville performer who is away frequently on tour. Earl, sensing a kindred restless spirit, is attracted to Mae right away. Jerry is oblivious to the tension between the two and soon asks Mae to marry him, despite her warning that she is not good for him. Mae decides to accept, even though she does not love or even respect her future husband, for the security and in the hope that she can change. After having a baby girl with Jerry, Mae becomes bored and restless after a year. Earl, now divorced, makes a move on Mae. She resists at first, but then begins an affair with him. Jerry\'s uncle Vince , who bears a grudge against Mae, tells his disbelieving nephew. When Jerry confronts the couple, Mae admits that she wants to leave Jerry to be with Earl. After a few drinks and prodded on by Vince, Jerry finds and starts strangling Earl, until Mae arrives and breaks up the fight. Jerry leaves, horrified at what almost happened. When Mae goes home to take her baby away, she finds the crib empty. Earl tries to coax Mae to leave with him anyway, without the baby, but this does not sit well with Mae. After trading bitter recriminations, she breaks up with him. Mae repents and convinces Jerry to take her back.'] ["Disenchanted poet Susan Grieve, escorted by her friend Stacy Grant, meets embittered World War II naval hero Lieutenant Slick Novak at a Manhattan restaurant where a dinner party is being held in his honor. He is more interested in Susan than his blind date Peggy Markham and offers to take her home at the end of the evening. The two become better acquainted over coffee in Susan's apartment, and she initially resists but then succumbs to his charms when he tries to kiss her. The following day, Slick returns to see Susan, and she spontaneously invites him to spend the remainder of his leave with her at her country house. In this setting, the two share secrets about each other, Susan telling him about her clergyman father's descent into insanity and eventual suicide, and how it estranged her from her mother, he confessing his longtime desire to become a priest and revealing the guilt he feels about surviving the war while others died in battle. Slick returns to the city alone, and Susan later accidentally runs into him and Peggy in the restaurant where they first met. The following day, he visits Susan's apartment and suggests they try to make their relationship work, but she urges him to reconsider the priesthood and the two part ways. Susan, having learned her mother has been hospitalized, then calls her in the hope they can reunite."] ['1940 in Paris, Michele de la Becque  is a career woman in love with industrial designer Robert Cortot . Together they enjoy a luxurious lifestyle unfazed by the approach of World War II. Michele discovers her lover is socializing with Nazi officers and his plants are manufacturing weapons for the Nazis. She confronts him and he does not deny her evidence. She is outraged. She aids a downed American in the Eagle Squadron of the Royal Air Force bomber pilot Pat Talbot  from Pennsylvania and finds herself falling in love with him. Later, she discovers Cortot is turning out defective weapons for the Nazis and organizing a French fighting force. Michele is happily reunited with Cortot.'] ["Irene, a housewife , becomes bored while her husband and son are absent on a weekend fishing trip. She becomes attracted to Billy , a man she met when he trimmed a tree in her neighborhood. She accidentally becomes trapped in his trailer which arrives at Lake Consequence hours later. Discovered by his bisexual girlfriend, Grace , and then Billy, they agree to drive her into town so she can catch a bus home. Chinese New Year is in full swing and she is seduced by Billy during the celebrations at a Chinese nightclub and bath house. As Irene develops an erotic relationship with Billy, repressed images of her teenage experience return. Confronted by her own sexuality and her forgotten past, and jealous of Billy's attentions to Grace, Irene flees after starting a fire. However Billy chases her and drives her home, where her husband and child have yet to return. Feeling grief and self-loathing, Irene hesitates to return to her family. Billy lectures her on her responsibilities as wife, helps her to dress and disappears before they return that night."] ['Jerilee Randall is an innocent schoolgirl living in the San Fernando Valley area of California with dreams of becoming a famous screenwriter. Shortly after winning a trophy for her creative writing, she meets the son of a famous screenwriter, Walter Thornton, at a party. She goes home with him, along with some other friends, and during a late evening pool party, one of Jerilee\'s friends  beats her, slaps her and then sexually assaults her with a garden hose nozzle. Walter arrives after the assault has taken place and saves her from further attacks. A friendship, then a love affair, develops between them, and they soon marry, despite the disapproval of Jerilee\'s mother. The marriage begins to fall apart when she rewrites one of his scripts and is told she had improved it greatly.  Divorce is inevitable when Walter scorns Jerilee during an argument and accuses her of enjoying having been raped all those years ago. After the divorce, Jerilee has several love affairs while trying to get her own screenplay produced. She uses her sexual charms to pave the way to recognition, with revenge thrown in the end for good measure. Jerilee finally has a nervous breakdown in a sequence where she sees the callous people of her past appear as faces on the keys of her typewriter. The film ends with Jerilee finally successful and winning a prestigious award for her screenplay of a film titled The Hold-Outs. At the live awards telecast, she admits to her ex-husband Walter Thornton that she has never learned "the meaning of self-respect." Jerilee then refuses to accept the award, and walks out of the auditorium with her newfound dignity.'] ['When jockey Chris Kirby  is fatally injured in a horse race, he gets his best friend, gambler Adam Black , to promise to take care of his teenage daughter, Evelyne , who has been raised apart from her father. Unbeknownst to Adam, Evelyne had been led to believe that Adam is her father in correspondence between parent and child. Adam is unable to tell her the truth; his butler and friend Bill Murray  tries and fails as well. Finally, Adam\'s sometime girlfriend Moira  breaks the news to the girl. Adam sends Evelyne to an exclusive boarding school. When she has grown up, she reappears unexpectedly in his life. Because of the hatred she has for gambling, Adam does not reveal that he stages illegal gambling sessions; instead he tells her that he makes his money on the stock exchange. She begins casually dating Adam\'s no-good brother Roddy . When Adam tells Moira that he is getting out of the business, she accuses him of being in love with his "ward". Roddy has his own grudge against his brother - Adam refuses to finance a shady deal - and the two of them tip off the police about Adam\'s last operation. Roddy also brings Evelyne to see what Adam really does for a living. Shocked, she quarrels with Adam and leaves. A kindly gambler, Colonel Bradley , gives her some sage advice and convinces her to reconcile with Adam.'] ['Ali , is a young Moroccan Gastarbeiter  in his late thirties, and Emmi , a 60-year-old widowed cleaning woman. They meet when Emmi ducks inside a bar, driven by the rain and drawn by the exotic Arabic music (Al Asfouryeh by [[Sabah . A woman in the bar  suggests Ali ask Emmi to dance, and she accepts. A strange and unlikely friendship develops, then a romance and finally they decide to marry. What follows is a bitter and noxious reaction over their relationship. Gossipy neighbors treat them with contempt, complaining their  tenement building has now become filthy. Emmi is shunned by her coworkers, and Ali faces discrimination at every turn. Emmi tells her son-in-law Eugen and daughter Krista  that she is in love with Ali; Eugen thinks she is screwy. The landlord\'s son arrives to point out that sub-letting is against Emmi\'s tenancy agreement, Ali must leave within a day, but she claims Ali and herself are planning to marry to alleviate this little difficulty. Later though, Ali thinks this is an excellent idea. When Emmi, whose first husband was a Polish worker she married against her Hitler-loving father\'s wishes, invites her three married children to meet her husband, they openly reject him. One of her sons smashes in her TV set in anger, her other son declares she must have lost her sanity, and her daughter and son-in-law leave "the pigsty" immediately. Emmi and Ali take a long vacation together to escape the discrimination. After their return, they suddenly face the prospect of social acceptance. Out of longing for her old friends\' respect, Emmi neglects Ali; when they comment on his muscles, she shows him off as if he were an object, as they remark how clean he is. She says he has mood swings, but it must be his "foreigner mentality", adopting the xenophobic attitudes of her friends in order to fit in. Emmi would not cook Ali couscous because she wanted him to eat German food, and generally become more German so they would fit in. He then turns to bartender Barbara , who used to cook for him and begins an affair with her. Emmi grows desperate as their relationship deteriorates and visits him at work, where he pretends he doesn\'t know her as his workmates make fun of her age. Just when it seems as if the relationship is beyond repair, Emmi goes back to the bar to meet with Ali. They dance again and agree that the only thing that’s important is that they are together, and that they must be nice to each other. In this moment, Ali collapses in Emmi\'s arms from a burst stomach ulcer. Emmi visits Ali in the hospital, where the doctor tells her the illness is common among migrants because of the stress they face in every day life due to prejudice; the doctor adds that Ali will have surgery to remove the ulcer, but will probably be back in 6 months with another ulcer. Emmi declares that she will do everything in her power to reduce that stress.'] ["While playing in a bar in St. Louis, jazz pianist Jigger Pine meets aspiring clarinetist Nickie Haroyen who tries to convince him to put together a jazz band. After a drunk patron starts a fight, Nickie and Jigger are thrown in jail with Jigger's drummer and bassist. They hear a prisoner singing a blues song and are inspired to set out for New Orleans where they hope to learn how to perfect an authentic bluesy sound. There they meet fast-talking trumpet player Leo and his wife Character who is a talented singer. Together, the quintet rides the rails, honing their technique in dive bars across the country. One day while sheltering in a boxcar they meet a mysterious stranger named Del who first robs them and then, impressed by their camaraderie, offers them a job in a New Jersey roadhouse called The Jungle. The group discovers that the roadhouse is actually owned by Del's former partners in crime, aspiring singer Kay, accomplice Sam and her crippled sidekick Brad. Del has escaped from jail to retrieve his share of a robbery the three committed, but when Kay tells him they have spent all the money, he decides to take over the The Jungle and transform it into an illegal gambling club. Kay tries to rekindle her past romance with Del, but he rejects her and she turns her attention to Leo. Although the band is happy playing their brand of jazz each night at the club, Character is worried about Leo and Kay. Jigger reveals to Leo that Character is pregnant and he decides to give up Kay. She soon sets her sights on Jigger who is secretly in love with her. When Sam tries to get her to alert the police to Del's whereabouts, she tells Del and Sam is killed by Del's henchmen. Del orders her to leave The Jungle so she convinces Jigger to quit the band and go to New York City to join a commercial, mainstream jazz band. Although successful, Jigger is unhappy in his new life, feeling he is not playing authentic jazz. Kay finally grows bored of life with Jigger and leaves him when he tells her he is quitting the band. He descends into alcoholism and has a mental breakdown. His friends find him and help nurse him back to health, hiding the fact that Character's baby has died. They return to The Jungle where Jigger begins playing again, but Kay shows up without any money looking for help. She and Del have a violent quarrel and in the ensuing struggle Kay shoots and kills him. Jigger decides to protect Kay and help her escape from the police, but Brad hears their plans and realizes that Kay is leaving forever. He drives away with her into a violent storm, deliberately wrecking the car so they are both killed. The band resolves to leave The Jungle behind and they return to their life on the road, playing their preferred version of jazz."] ["Ann  is a hard-working 23-year-old mother with two small daughters, an unemployed husband , a mother  who sees her life as a failure, and a jailed father whom she has not seen in ten years. Her life changes dramatically when, during a medical checkup following a collapse, she is diagnosed with metastatic ovarian cancer and told she has only two months to live. Deciding not to tell anyone of her condition, using the cover of anemia, Ann makes a list of things to do before she dies.<ref namemylifewithoutme}} She decides to change her hair, record birthday messages for the girls for every year until they're 18, try setup her husband with another woman and have an affair to get to know what it's like to have sex with another man. She meets with a man named Lee, who ends up madly in love with her and is left heartbroken when Ann breaks up. He meets with her one last time and says that he will do anything to make her happy, taking care of her daughters and even finding her husband a job. She ends their relationship and never tells him that she is dying. At the end of the film Ann records a message to her husband telling him that she loves him and another one to Lee telling him the same. She then leaves all tapes she has recorded to the doctor who had to tell her she was dying asking him to deliver them after her death."] ["Socialite Valentine Winters  is a child of divorced parents and has not seen her sophisticate mother, Diane, , in years. She travels to Paris for a reunion where her mother is living as the mistress of Andre de Graignon . While in Paris, Valentine meets fun-loving Tony . When Valentine and Tony are involved in car wreck, they are rescued from his overturned car by football-playing Harvardian Bob . Bob and Valentine fall in love, and, when he invites his parents  to meet her, everything goes wrong as they do not approve of Tony and his boisterous friends or of Diane's living arrangement with Andre . Not wanting to lose Bob, Valentine has a heart-to-heart talk with her mother and the two achieve a new closeness and understanding. Eventually, Bob and Valentine are reunited."] ['{{Expand section}} A British officer serving in Africa in 1936, is forced to confront his murder of a brother officer fifteen years earlier.'] ['Handicapped farmer Pete  and sister Ellen  have raised ward Meg as their own on a reclusive farm. Now a teen, Meg  convinces her friend Nath to come help with chores on the farm. When Nath insists on using a shortcut home through the woods, Pete warns the young man of screams in the night and the terrors associated with the abandoned red house. Curious, Meg and Nath ignore his warnings and begin exploring and troubling secrets are revealed.'] ["{{Plot}} Sixteen-year-old Eiko, carrying a bundle of her possessions, walks down the streets of Gion in search of the okiya run by the geisha Miyoharu. As she approaches the screen doors, she witnesses an exchange between Miyoharu and a client. The client, greatly indebted and unable to afford Miyoharu's services, is coldly and mockingly berated by Miyoharu for his presumptuousness. Enraged by the sudden demise of her affected desire for him and her mercenary attitude, he tries to assault her but is thwarted and summarily evicted by Miyoharu's servants. As he sees the client off the premises, one of the servants finds Eiko at the door and invites her inside. In supplication, Eiko reveals that the death of her mother – a geisha and close friend of Miyoharu – has left her at the mercy of her uncle, who demands that Eiko repay the debt incurred by her mother's funeral expenses by rendering sexual services to him. She pleads with Miyoharu to take her on as an apprentice maiko. Miyoharu attempts to dissuade her, on the grounds that life as a geisha is difficult and the training exceptionally arduous, but in the face of Eiko's determination she finds sympathy for the girl's situation and concedes. She sends her servant to procure the formal consent of Eiko's father, a struggling businessman, but he refuses to grant permission on the grounds that Eiko has shamed him by choosing to enter her mother's profession. Nonetheless, Miyoharu decides to allow Eiko to pursue training and enrols her in the school. While she works as a maid in the okiya, Eiko learns dance and music from her instructors, who inform her that she must work hard to maintain the high standards required of a maiko as a symbol of Japanese beauty. Within a year, Eiko has achieved the necessary level of training to be formally introduced as a maiko. In order to make the arrangements for her debut, which must be noticeably opulent in order to attract her future clientele, Miyoharu visits the proprietor of a prosperous teahouse to procure a loan of 300,000 yen. Okimi, the proprietor, grudgingly assents to assist her with the money. With the new geisha name of Miyoei, Eiko is taken round the teahouses of Gion in full formal dress escored by Miyoharu. In Okimi's teahouse, the two geishas are seated with Kusuda and his associate, who are in the process of convincing a manager on the verge of promotion to the directorship of another prosperous company, Kanzaki, to sign a contract worth 80 million yen. Kanzaki is instantly taken with Miyoharu and strokes her arm during a subsequent dance recital performed by other attending geisha. Kusuda preys upon the vulnerable Miyoei by pouring her consecutive glasses of sake that she is obliged by etiquette to drink, despite Miyoharu's remonstrations. During the recital, Kusuda takes Okimi aside and inquires as to whether Miyoharu has a patron. Failing to establish Kusuda's motives, Okimi answers that she does not. When they finally return to the okiya after a successful debut, Miyoei is totally inebriated and mocks Miyoharu for her old-fashioned 'pre-war' attitude. A package containing a congratulatory gift for Miyoei from her father implies, as Miyoharu points out, that he has relented his earlier opposition to her career as a maiko. At the geisha school, Miyoei asks her instructor about her rights as set out under the post-war constitution, and on her rights should a client desire to force himself upon her. The instructor answers that while she does indeed have these rights, it would be unthinkable for her to refuse a client. On leaving the class, Miyoei converses with a fellow student who is troubled by the efforts of her okiya to force her to take an elderly man as a patron to ensure her financial security. Elsewhere in Gion, at the shrines where they pay their respects, Okimi raises Kusuda's agenda of taking on Miyoei as her patron. Miyoharu is extremely resistant to the proposal, although when Okimi reveals that she borrowed the money for Miyoei's debut from Kusuda on the promise that he would be entitled to take her on later, Miyoharu is obliged to take it under consideration. Okimi also suggests that Miyoharu herself take on a patron, to assure her future and Miyoei's. Later, at the teahouse, Okimi tries to directly persuade the recalcitrant Miyoei to accede to Kusuda's proposal. Miyoei manages to remain aloof and promises to think on it. She flirts with Kusuda as Miyoharu entertains Kanzaki, subtly fending off his advances. The two geisha agree to accompany Kusuda to the annual music festival in Tokyo. On the train to Tokyo they encounter Miyoei's father, who has fallen on extremely hard times and tells Miyoharu that his debts have become so crippling that suicide will soon be his only resort. When they reach Tokyo, Kusuda manipulates Miyoharu into entertaining Kanzaki with the expectation that she will spend the night with him. She is extremely reluctant, but under intense pressure relents and joins Kanzaki. While she is in the other room with Kanzaki, Kusuda forces himself on Miyoei. Hearing her screams, Miyoharu runs to her rescue, and finds her in a catatonic daze on the floor with her mouth streaked with blood. Kusuda writhes on the floor in pain from the facial wounds inflicted by Miyoei as Miyoharu attempts to bind them. At Kusuda's hospital bed, his associate explains to Okimi that while they are prepared to 'forgive' Miyoei for her treatment of Kusuda, their principal concern is with Miyoharu's reluctance to aid them in seducing Kanzaki, which must be remedied before they can continue to patronise the teahouse. Okimi arranges a meeting with Miyoharu, who she sharply criticises for her insolence in thwarting a client's desires and demeaning her profession. Okimi flaunts her influence over Miyoharu, threatening to cut off her custom, but Miyoharu refuses to relinquish either herself to Kanzaki or Miyoei to Kusuda. As a consequence of her refusal, all Miyoharu's engagements are cancelled by teahouse proprietors afraid of Okimi's influence, despite district regulations prohibiting the inhibition of other establishments' custom by any one proprietor. The two geisha are forced into poverty, and Miyoharu lies in a slump at the okiya. Elsewhere in Gion, other clients and geisha mock the assault on Miyoei. Kanzaki, drunk and escorted by several other geisha, visits Miyoharu to taunt her for her stubborn coldness towards him. Miyoei's father, in a pathetic state, also pays Miyoharu a visit as his last recourse to secure a loan and save his life from his debtors. While highly critical of his hypocrisy in seeking assistance from the earnings of the daughter he disowned, she offers him her last remaining possessions. Despite Miyoharu's support for her actions to defend her rights and insistence that she maintain her dignity, Miyoei defies her and presents herself to Okimi to be taken to Kusuda. Okimi is obliged to call Miyoharu to obtain her formal consent, which Miyoharu denies. She asks Okimi to send Miyoei back to the okiya in exchange for her presenting herself to Kusuda to be given to Kanzaki. Passing Miyoei on her way to the teahouse, she bitterly berates her for insolence. After spending the night with Kanzaki, Miyoharu returns to the okiya laden with gifts for Miyoei. Wary of the sudden change in their fortunes, Miyoei demands to know whether Miyoharu prostituted herself to Kanzaki and threatens to leave if her suspicions are confirmed. Miyoharu is forced to admit that she did, but goes on to explain that her actions were in the pursuit of preserving Miyoei's dignity and innocence. She sobs as she confesses that she feels that Miyoei is her only family, and they embrace."] [' Balan  and Sarasa , are children of Dr. Govindan Nair  by his first wife. Meenakshi , the second wife, tortures Balan and Sarasa. She even hatches a plot to kill them and take over the entire wealth of Nair. Meenakshi is severely punished by Nair when he comes to know of her motives. Nair dies of heart attack. Meenakshi marries a wicked city wastrel Kittu Panicker . Balan and Sarasa flee from home as a result. Barrister Prabhakara Menon  gives refuge to Balan and Sarasa and brings them up as his own children. In the will executed by Nair before his death, all his wealth is assigned to Meenakshi on condition that she take care of his children. When Meenakshi and Kittu Panicker come to know about the stipulations in the will, they trace out the children. Kittu Panicker kidnaps the children from Prabhakara Menon’s home. Shanku  comes to know about the plans of Meenakshi and Kittu Panciker and rescues the children. He uses them in street shows. Balan and Sarasa escape from Shanku. Sarasa is taken away by a labour contractor while Balan is asleep. She is forced to work in an estate. Sarasa  grows up here. Balan  also reaches the same estate as a labourer. This estate is owned by Barrister Prabhakara Menon. Prabhakara Menon identifies Balan and Sarasa. Balan traces out the will executed by his father and Prabhakara Menon files suit against Meenakshi. She is tried by the court of law and punished. A furious Meenakshi shoots Prabhakara Menon, but the bullet from the pistol takes the life of Balan who jumps in between to save Menon. Menon marries Sarasa. They name their son, Balan. The film ends with Menon, and Sarasa paying homage at the tomb of Balan.'] ['"A woman born for love. A man born to love her. A timeless moment in a world gone mad." Giovanna  and Antonio  get married to delay Antonio\'s deployment during World War II. After that buys them twelve days of happiness, they try another scheme, in which Antonio pretends to be a crazy man. Finally, Antonio is sent to the Russian Front. When the war is over, Antonio does not return and is listed as missing in action. Despite the odds, Giovanna is convinced her true love has survived the war and is still in Russia. Determined, she journeys to Russia to find him. In Russia, Giovanna visits the sunflower fields, where there is supposedly one flower for each fallen Italian soldier, and where the Germans forced the Italians to dig their own mass graves. Eventually, Giovanna finds Antonio, but by now he has started a second family with a woman who saved his life, and they have one daughter. Childless, having been faithful to her husband, Giovanna returns to Italy, heartbroken, but unwilling to disrupt her love\'s new life. Some years later, Antonio returns to Giovanna, asking her to come back with him to Russia. Meanwhile, Giovanna has tried to move on with her own life, moving out of their first home together and into her own apartment. She has started dating again, has given birth to a baby boy, and is living as a single parent. He explains his new life, how war changes a man, how safe he felt with his new woman after years of death. Unwilling to ruin Antonio\'s daughter\'s or her own new son\'s life, Giovanna refuses to leave Italy, expressing an intense emotional maturity in her choice. As they part, Antonio gives her a fur, which he had promised years before that he\'d bring back for her. The lovers lock eyes as Antonio\'s train takes him away from Giovanna, and from Italy, forever.'] ["A young woman is upset by the knowledge that her father is divorcing her mother in order to marry another woman. Her own feelings change, however, when she falls in love with a young man who turns out to be the son of her father's new love."] ['A spy  discovers that the Chinese government have created a doomsday device capable of destroying the Earth and it will be activated in 72 hours. Soon after, Astra – a two year return mission to Venus by the United States Space Program – has its time of launch speeded up and half of the male flight crew are replaced by women shortly before take-off, including one Russian. Shortly before blastoff military alerts are put into effect. After leaving Earth, the seven crew members of Astra deduce that they have been put together to restart the human race should the Chinese activate their device. Shortly after this, the device goes off and Earth is destroyed. As Astra continues to Venus, the crew realizes that a safe landing on Venus is impossible unless the crew is reduced to three. One of the crew members tries to rape another, at which point she accidentally gets them both blown out of an airlock. Two more crew-members – an American astronaut and the female Russian – are lost as they head out to repair a fault with the spaceship. However, they notice another spacecraft nearby and jump to it. The second craft proves to be a lost Soviet ship that disappeared piloted by a close friend of the Russian crew member. Though its pilot is dead, the astronauts successfully power up the Soviet ship. Before the two ships can rendezvous, contact with Astra is lost. A disembodied voice cuts in, claiming to be the collective consciousness of the Venusian population. The voice informs the survivors in the Russian ship that Astra no longer exists, and that no humans will be allowed to reach Venus. It gives a cryptic message about a life beyond the universe, before the movie abruptly concludes.'] ['Douglas "Dawg" Munford  is the ultimate womanizer: He is selfish, rude and totally uncaring about what a woman thinks after they have sex. He arrives too late for his grandmother\'s funeral but, no matter, she has left him a cool million subject to one condition. As explained by estate executor Anna Lockhart , Douglas must contact at least a dozen of the scores of women he has seduced and left during his lifetime and beg for their forgiveness. Reluctantly, Dawg sets out on his odyssey which takes him, and the lawyer, to venues throughout California.'] ['Undercover government agent Mark Sheldon ([[Robert Wilcox  agrees to be "framed" on a murder charge so he can be sent to prison. With his criminal "credentials" established, Sheldon is paroled to work in a mine on an isolated Pacific island owned by Stephen Danel . The government wants to learn if, as rumored, Danel mistreats his workers. Once on the island, Sheldon quickly finds himself subjected to the harsh conditions of a slave-labor camp. He also meets Danel\'s beautiful young wife, Lorraine , who -- despite her jewels and stylish wardrobe -- is every bit as much a prisoner as the men sweating in the mine. Once Danel discovers Sheldon\'s true identity, the agent must work quickly to save his own life and to free the captives.'] ["The film is a romantic melodramaabout two childhood friends who grow up to be soldiers in Austria. One of the friends, Leo,  becomes infatuated with Felicitas , who turns out to be the wife of a powerful count . The count calls Leo out for a duel of honor, but insists that it be done under the false pretense that the quarrel was due to angry words exchanged between the two at a card game in order to protect the count's reputation. Leo kills the count in the duel, but then is punished by the military, being sent away to Africa for five years. Due to Ulrich's intervention, Leo only serves three years before being recalled home. He return journey focuses on his dream of being reunited with Felicitas. Before he left for Africa, Leo had ask Ulrich  to take care of Felicitas' needs while he was away, but Ulrich — unaware that his friend is in love with Felicitas — falls in love with her himself and marries her. Upon his return, Leo finds himself torn between temptation for Felicitas — which the young woman encourages — and his friendship for Ulrich. Condemned by a local pastor for continuing to associate with Felicitas, Leo eventually loses control of his emotions. Felicitas plays Leo for a fool. He tries to kill her by choking her, leading to a climactic duel between the two boyhood friends. While racing to stop the duel, Felicitas falls through a layer of thin ice and drowns. Meanwhile, the friends reconcile, realizing that their friendship is more important than Felicitas."] ['On April 5, 2007, a couple married in a church. At first glance, it was a typical wedding. The bride, however, was suffering from late-stage breast cancer and had been given only a month to live.'] ['The movie follows a brilliant ventriloquist "The Great Gabbo"  who, as he spirals down into madness, increasingly uses his dummy "Otto" as his only means of self-expression—an artist driven insane by his work. Gabbo\'s gimmick is his astonishing ability to make Otto talk—and even sing—while Gabbo himself smokes, drinks and eats. Gabbo\'s girlfriend and assistant  loves him, but is driven to another performer  by Gabbo\'s deteriorating personality.'] ["The Lemp sisters, Ann , Kay , Thea , and Emma , are prodigies in a musical family headed by their father, Adam . The Lemps also run a boarding house, and among the tenants is Felix Deitz , a young composer whom the four daughters aim to attract. Emma, the oldest daughter, is the object of affection for a nervous neighbor, Ernest , but she rebuffs his attentions. Thea, a pianist and the second oldest, is courted by a local wealthy man, Ben Crowley , but is not sure she loves him. Kay, the next oldest, is a talented singer and has a chance at a music school scholarship, but doesn't want to leave home. The youngest daughter is Ann, a violinist. A new tenant to the house is an angry young man named Mickey , an orchestral arranger and friend of Felix. Mickey immediately falls in love with Ann, but Felix also has had his eyes on her and proposes marriage."] ["The film opens with Baltimore firefighter Jack Morrison  saving a man's life in a massive 4-Alarm grain elevator/warehouse fire in the Canton waterfront neighborhood of Baltimore, Maryland. However, the grain being stored in the warehouse explodes, sending Jack falling through several floors, landing and breaking his leg. The film follows the efforts of the other men in his unit, Ladder Company 49, led by the efforts of Deputy Chief Mike Kennedy , his longtime mentor, to rescue him while Jack tries to reach a safe area of the burning structure. Interspersed with the current rescue efforts are a series of flashbacks showing how Jack joined the fire department, his meeting with the woman who would become his wife , his relationship with his children and the bonds he formed, and trials and tribulations he endured with his fellow firefighters. After graduating from the fire academy, Jack is sent to work on BCFD Engine Company 33, which is quartered in a firehouse with Truck Company 49, where he learns the ropes about firefighting. He quickly becomes close friends with his fellow firefighters, including Mike Kennedy, his captain at the time. His first fire takes place at a burning rowhouse, where Engine 33 and Ladder 49 respond to. While there, he and Mike are the first firefighters to tackle the blaze and quickly extinguish it. After some time working with Engine 33, Jack is at the scene of a fire where a fellow firefighter from Ladder 49, Dennis Gauquin ([[Billy Burke  dies after falling through a roof of a burning vacant rowhouse. He decides, although it is more dangerous, to take his friend's position as a search and rescue member on Ladder 49 by transferring. He finds the work rewarding, but his wife is initially concerned for his safety and opposes the change; however, she eventually accepts his new role and even talks him out of taking an administrative position when it is offered to him by Mike. As the years go by, Jack suffers some traumatic experiences, including rescuing a man from the ledge of a burning high-rise building in Downtown Baltimore, and witnessing another friend's severe injury following a steam explosion at an industrial fire. On Christmas Eve, Jack and the members of Engine 33 and Ladder 49 respond to a burning apartment building. Jack is able to break through to a small girl trapped in an engulfed apartment, but is trapped himself briefly before being rescued by fellow Firefighter Lenny Richter . Both firefighters receive the department's Medal of Valor for their actions. Back at the grain building fire, Jack's fellow firefighters become extremely determined to rescue him and Jack does his best to reach the possible safe area that Mike told him about. However, upon reaching that room he sees that the only exit is cut off by raging flames and Jack realizes that his situation is hopeless. He radios Mike to pull his men back, so no-one else will be hurt while trying to rescue him. Mike reluctantly agrees and Jack accepts his fate to die in the fire, devastating Mike. At Jack's funeral, Mike delivers an emotional eulogy which ends with a standing ovation, in celebration of Jack's life, from friends and family in attendance. Jack's body is then carried to his resting place with full honors on the back of Engine 33. The film ends with Mike and his fellow firefighters going on a call and a final shot of him and Jack coming out of Jack's first ever burning building."] ["A collie pup is separated from his mother and grows to young adulthood in the forest. After being swept away in a torrent and then shot by a young hunter, he is found by Kathie Merrick  and carried to her home. With the help of a kindly shepherd, Mr. MacBain , she tends him back to health, names him Bill, and teaches him to herd sheep. One day, unknown to Kathie, Bill is hit by a truck and taken to an animal hospital. Kathie risks her life futilely searching for him on the island where they first met. Bill remains unclaimed in the hospital for two months and is sent to a War Dog Training Center. After training, he is shipped out with the troops. Duke performs heroically on the battlefield, but the stress and a wound cause him to become aggressive. Sent back to the War Dog Training Center to recover, he escapes, attacking livestock and threatening people as he finds his way to back to Kathie. Merrick neighbors insist he be put down because of his attacks and Bill is impounded. A hearing is held and Mr. MacBain acts as Bill's lawyer. He discovers an Army tattoo in Bill's ear; a quick investigation reveals Bill is a war hero. All then realize that the dog who served on the battlefield was not himself after his war experiences and he will need time to adjust to civilian life. Bill is freed and joyfully reunited with Kathie."] ['Charlotte Vale  is an unattractive, overweight, repressed spinster whose life is dominated by her dictatorial mother , an aristocratic Boston dowager whose verbal and emotional abuse of her daughter has contributed to the woman\'s complete lack of self-confidence. Fearing Charlotte is on the verge of a nervous breakdown, her sister-in-law Lisa  introduces her to psychiatrist Dr. Jaquith , who recommends she spend time in his sanatorium.  Away from her mother\'s control, Charlotte blossoms. The transformed woman, at Lisa\'s urging, opts to take a lengthy cruise rather than immediately return home. On board ship, she meets a married man, Jeremiah Duvaux Durrance , who is traveling with his friends Deb ([[Lee Patrick  and Frank McIntyre ([[James Rennie . It is from them that Charlotte learns of Jerry\'s devotion to his young daughter, Christine , and how it keeps him from divorcing his wife, a manipulative, jealous woman who keeps Jerry from engaging in his chosen career of architecture, despite the fulfillment he gets from it. Charlotte and Jerry become friendly, and in Rio de Janeiro the two are stranded on Sugarloaf Mountain when their car crashes. They miss the ship and spend five days together before Charlotte flies to Buenos Aires to rejoin the cruise. Although they have fallen in love, they decide it would be best not to see each other again.  When she arrives home, Charlotte\'s family is stunned by the dramatic changes in her appearance and demeanor. Her mother is determined to regain control over her daughter, but Charlotte is resolved to remain independent. The memory of Jerry\'s love and devotion help to give her the strength she needs to remain resolute. Charlotte becomes engaged to wealthy, well-connected widower Elliot Livingston ([[John Loder , but after a chance meeting with Jerry, she breaks off the engagement, about which she quarrels with her mother. Her mother becomes so angry that she has a heart attack and dies. Guilty and distraught, Charlotte returns to the sanatorium.  When she arrives, she is immediately diverted from her own problems when she meets lonely, unhappy Tina, who greatly reminds her of herself; both were unwanted and unloved by their mothers. She is shaken out of her depression and instead becomes interested in Tina\'s welfare. With Dr. Jaquith\'s permission she takes the girl under her wing. When she improves, Charlotte takes her home to Boston. Jerry and Dr. Jaquith visit the Vale home, where Jerry is delighted to see the changes in his daughter. While he initially pities Charlotte, believing her to be settling in her life, he\'s taken aback by her contempt for his initial condescension. Dr. Jaquith has agreed to allow Charlotte to keep Tina there with the understanding that her relationship with Jerry will remain platonic. She tells Jerry that she sees Tina as his gift to her and her way of being close to him. When Jerry asks her if she\'s happy, Charlotte finds much to value in her life and if it isn\'t everything she would want, tells him, "Oh, Jerry, don\'t let\'s ask for the moon. We have the stars," a line ranked #46 in the American Film Institute\'s list of the top 100 movie quotes in American cinema.'] ['Wong Low Get  is the most highly respected hatchet man of his Tong. Having sworn total allegiance, he cannot turn down an order, even one to kill his best friend Sun Yat Ming . His friend forgives him in advance of his execution, begging only that Wong raise his daughter Toya San  as his own. Wong does as he has sworn, but as she grows up, he falls in love with her. She marries him out of a sense of obligation, but a handsome younger gangster, Harry En Hai , gets her to leave Wong, disgracing him and leading to a shocking turn of events.'] ['A womanizing racketeer  is wounded by police and hides out in a farmhouse, where he falls in love with a country girl  and meets her wholesome family. The film was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Writing - Original Story .'] ['In 1936, Jack McGurn  is a motion picture projectionist, involved in a campaign of harassment against non-union theaters in New York City. One such attack turns fatal, as one of his fellow union thugs starts a fire. McGurn\'s boss, knowing that the feelings of guilt would likely cause Jack to go to the police, urges him to leave the area. Jack moves to Los Angeles where his brother Gerry lives. Jack\'s role as a "sweatshop lawyer" strains an already-rocky relationship with Gerry who is willing to have any job, barely keeping his family afloat during the Great Depression. Taking the name McGann, Jack finds a job as a projectionist  in a movie theater run by a Japanese-American family. He falls in love with Lily , his Japanese boss\' daughter. Forbidden to see one another by her Issei parents and banned from marrying by California law, the couple elopes to Seattle, where they marry and have a daughter, Mini. When World War II breaks out, Lily and their daughter are caught up in the Japanese-American internment, rounded up and sent to Manzanar. Jack, away on a trip, is drafted into the United States Army with no chance to help his family prepare for their imprisonment. Finally visiting the camp, he arranges a private meeting with his wife\'s father, telling him that he has gone AWOL and wants to stay with them, whatever they have to go through. They are his family now and he belongs with them. The older man counsels him to return to the Army, and says that he now believes that Jack is truly in love with his wife, and a worthy husband. Returning, ready to face his punishment for desertion, he is met by FBI agents, who have identified "McGann" as being the McGurn wanted for his part in the arson of years before. The story is told in flashback as Lily tells the now pre-adolescent Mini  about the father and the life that she barely remembers, as the two of them are walking to a rural train station. The train arrives and they reunite with Jack, who has served his time in prison and finally is returning to his family.'] ["Kelly  is a prostitute who shows up in the small town of Grantville, just one more burg in a long string of quick stops on the run after being chased out of the big city by her former pimp. She engages in a quick tryst with local sheriff Griff , who then tells her to stay out of his town and refers her to a cat-house just across the state line. Instead, she decides to give up her illicit lifestyle, becoming a nurse at a hospital for handicapped children. Griff doesn't trust reformed prostitutes, however, and continues trying to run her out of town. Kelly falls in love with J.L. Grant , the wealthy scion of the town's founding family, an urbane sophisticate, and Griff's best friend. After a dream-like courtship where even Kelly's admission of her past can't deter Grant, the two decide to marry. It is only after Kelly is able to finally convince Griff that she truly loves Grant and has given up prostitution for good that he agrees to be their best man. Shortly before the wedding, Kelly arrives at Grant's mansion, only to find him on the verge of molesting a small girl. As he grinningly tries to persuade her to marry him, arguing that she too is a deviant, the only one who can understand him, and that he loves her, Kelly strikes him with a phone receiver, killing him instantly. Jailed, and under heavy interrogation from Griff, she must convince him and the town that she is telling the truth about Grant's death. As Kelly tries to exonerate herself, one disappointment follows another, and enemies old and new parade through the jailhouse to defame her. In despair, she is at last able to find Grant's victim and prove her innocence.<ref namehttp://movies.nytimes.com/movie/34395/The-Naked-Kiss/overview |title2008-07-21 |author10-29-1964 |publisher=The New York Times}}"] ['The film starts out at The Merrill Department store where a very exhausted stockgirl named Maggie Johnson  is given a moment to attend to the sales counter. There she encounters a charming handsome man. He pretends to be interested in purchasing some children\'s toys but after many humorous demonstrations by Maggie the manager comes over and gives the man his time card. The man is said to be Joe Grant  though in reality he is the son of the owner; making him Joseph Merrill. To prove to his father he is ready for his engagement he has taken the job of stockboy under an assumed name. Annoyed Maggie takes Joe back to the stockroom and tells him to get to work. He is so inept she calls him, \'The Dumbest Stockboy in the World\' though she promises to take him under her wing; much to his amusement. A few days later, after her shift, Maggie is outside waiting for Joe. She appears to have a crush on him. Some of her coworkers tease her but eventually warn her that Joe is coming, causing Maggie to hop on her ride home from work: the back of an open truck. Joe is swarmed with salesgirls who try for his attention causing him to not focus on Maggie. Determined Maggie throws her bag on the ground as the vehicle pulls away. Joe picks it up and chases the truck down to give it to her. After 3 more times of this he finally grows weary and jumps in the truck to join Maggie who feigns innocence. The two flirt and Maggie shows him pictures of her off kilter family. Once they reach her home she invites him in for supper only to find her family is causing a commotion. Her father  is an elderly postal worker who is meek and easily subdued. Her mother  is an overweight dramatic woman who enjoys going to random funerals and smelling salts. Her sister Liz  is a flapper who has a boyfriend who gets her into trouble. Maggie does her best to hide the goings on but eventually caves and sends Joe on his way hoping to have dinner another day. Time passes and Joe\'s mother is planning his engagement announcement party. However she has not mentioned it to him hoping to make it a surprise. Joe has reached a promotion now being Maggie\'s boss. However he still eats lunch with her every day in the stocking room. During one such lunch, after receiving the note to join his parents for dinner , Maggie gives him a watch for his birthday. He is touched and puts it on. Shortly after this he accidentally catches his sleeve on a nail. Trying to pull himself free he accidentally puts his arm around Maggie, and after the mutual surprise the two kiss. Enamored with each other they head out on the town to walk in the rain. Joe begins to spend money and she tells him he\'ll end up in the poorhouse. Joe offers to buy her dinner at a nice restaurant but embarrassed by her shoddy work clothes Maggie declines. Joe gets the idea to tell her they should follow the store\'s company motto, "We\'re all a family" and that if they were family they could eat at the Merrill Mansion. Maggie thinking he is joking agrees. Meanwhile her sister is arrested because of her association with her boyfriend, and is taken to night court. Her family frets at not being able to find Maggie who they believe needs to help Liz out of the mess. Maggie had tried to call them; but after a few rings  she hung up. Arriving at the Merrill Mansion Maggie is amazed that it is the real deal. Joe is amused with her reluctance but eventually gets her into the mansion; much to the butler\'s amusement. Maggie is extremely reluctant until Joe convinces the butler to say \'a Merrill employee eats here every night!\' Maggie relaxes and tells Joe they should pretend to be Mr. and Mrs. Merrill. Joe is extremely amused by this, especially at her lack of formal dinner habits. At the surprise engagement party Joe\'s family sits concerned. They return home to find Joe, and Maggie who has hidden under the table. Joe admits he is \'Joseph Merrill\' but before he can explain further his fiancee  arrives and kisses him in front of Maggie. Maggie, heartbroken leaves. Joe upset tells his fiancee he had broken Maggie\'s heart and must go after her. Maggie walks and walks until she returns to where Joe and her shared a moment which happens to be by the night court. She sees her family arrive and after they chaste her they enter the court to try to save Liz from prison. Meanwhile Joe arrives at the same spot only to be helped by a bum who had watched the whole goings on. He enters the court to hear Maggie\'s passionate plea for her sister; whom the judge eventually lets go. While Maggie fetches water for her \'on the verge of fainting\' mother Joe walks over to her and apologizes, saying he did not love his fiancee and would not marry her. He then proposes to Maggie which causes  her sister to faint. While everyone tries to revive Liz, Liz\'s boyfriend makes a remark to her father about Maggie \'taking up with the Merrill boy\' implying that it was only for sex. Joe offended punches him and begins to fight right in court. The next day Maggie is back home, reading the paper which has headlines about their romance. Joe\'s father  arrives at the home. He tells Maggie he wanted to send his son to Hawaii until the scandal blew over, which Joe agreed to. However Joe apparently made plans to bring Maggie as well and marry on the boat. Mr. Merrill not happy with this tries to buy Maggie off with a check for $10,000; just as Joe arrives unaware his father is there. He tells Maggie his plans which upset her. Angry, she begins a whole tirade against him trying to find out if he really loved her or not. She begins to claim she is just a jazz girl and knew who he was all along. That she was a golddigger and just after his money and thanks to his father she now had what she wanted. She even plays a jazz record and puts on lipstick to further prove her point. Joe begins to cry, and Maggie touched breaks down and admits that none of it is true and the real reason she can\'t go away with him is because of her family  who needs her more than he does. Her father becomes livid and declares it was time \'he became the father of the family\' and takes charge of his wife and daughters. In a comedic scene he commands everyone  to pack Maggie\'s things; for the ship which leaves in 10 minutes. After an extreme car ride the couple barely make it. Once boarded the father realizes he never gave Maggie her suitcase; which he tries to throw but ends up in the ocean. The couple waves goodbye and eventually get crowded back from view. When the crowd leaves the audience sees them kissing.'] ["Self-destructive, alcoholic nymphomaniac Marylee and her insecure, alcoholic playboy brother Kyle are the children of Texas oil baron Jasper Hadley. Spoiled by their inherited wealth and crippled by their personal demons, neither is able to sustain a personal relationship. Problems ensue after Kyle's impulsive marriage to New York City executive secretary Lucy Moore, who becomes a steadying influence to his life through the first few months after they meet. Kyle resumes drinking after being unsuccessful in fathering a baby. He turns against his childhood friend, Marylee's long-time infatuation, Mitch Wayne, a geologist for the oil company. Kyle's anger and depression grow after the death of his father, who admires Mitch but is disgusted with the behavior of his two heirs. Mitch is secretly in love with Lucy. He keeps these feelings private until Kyle, having been diagnosed with a low sperm count, physically assaults Lucy when she announces her pregnancy, wrongly assuming it to be the result of adultery with Mitch. Lucy's fall results in a miscarriage. Mitch vows to leave town with her as soon as she's well enough to travel. On his return, a drunken Kyle recovers a hidden pistol and intends to shoot Mitch. Marylee struggles with her brother for the weapon, but it accidentally fires, killing him. Repeatedly spurned by the man she claims to love, a spiteful Marylee threatens to implicate Mitch in Kyle's death. At the inquest, she first testifies that he killed her sibling. But she tearfully redeems herself at the last second by admitting the truth. Mitch and Lucy depart, leaving Marylee to mourn the death of her brother and run the company alone."] ["Aspiring actress Cicely Tyler  marries ambitious newsman Christopher Tyler  but their life together is interrupted when he is assigned to a good position in his newspaper's Rome bureau, and she stays behind, confiding to her rich secret admirer, Tommy Abbott , that she is pregnant. Separations, reunions and reconciliations follow as Cicely and Christopher struggle to balance their romance and their careers.Erickson, Hal Plot synopsisIMDB Overview"] ["A street-toughened orphan by the name of Munna  is befriended by some kind folks, whose effervescent daughter Mili  soon grows to be his best buddy. Both gravitate toward the Mumbai movie industry. While Mili finds occupation as a movie extra, Munna earns his livelihood selling movie tickets in the black market. Mili has ambitions of becoming an actress. Fortune glances her way, when she dances her way into a movie star's attentions. This actor, Raj Kamal , arranges for her to be auditioned for the heroine's role in his upcoming movie called Rangeela. Mili's shortcomings amount to distractions, but thanks in no small way to Munna and Raj, she lands the role. Then the story goes on with Raj and Munna both falling for Mili, and Mili too busy in the making of the movie to notice any of this. She starts spending a lot of time with Raj during the filming. Munna tries many times to tell Mili that he loves her, but he is unable to, or Raj gets in the way. Eventually, feeling inferior, Munna decides to leave Mili to Raj, who can give her a better life than he can. The matter isn't resolved yet though, as Mili hears of this on the film's opening night. She asks Raj to help her find Munna, which he does after realizing that Mili seems to love Munna and not him. The lovers finally get re-united at the sunset on a roadhill."] ['There are three main characters, a woman named Guzal and two young men, one black haired and the other blond. In each episode Guzal is married to one of the men and the other one is her secret lover. There is also an old man who witnesses the affair each time and informs the husband.'] ["Successful mystery novelist Janet Frobisher, who has been separated for years from her husband, a man with a criminal past, lives in an isolated home in England. Her nearest neighbour is nosy veterinarian Dr. Henderson. Janet falls in love and occasionally dabbles with her secretary Chris' fiancé Larry, who is years younger than she. When her estranged husband unexpectedly appears, Janet poisons him by administering horse medication given to her by her neighbour. One of the deceased man's criminal cohorts arrives as she's preparing to dispose of the body in the local lake. When Frobisher's secretary and Larry arrive at the secluded house, the mysterious man, who has assisted her with her scheme, impersonates the long-absent spouse of Janet, who plots to get rid of her unplanned accomplice, as well."] ['The film is set in Washington state in 1964 and focuses on Selma Ježková, a Czech immigrant who has moved to the United States with her son, Gene Ježek. They live a life of poverty as Selma works at a factory with her good friend Kathy, whom she nicknames Cvalda. She rents a trailer home on the property of town policeman Bill Houston and his wife Linda. She is also pursued by the shy but persistent Jeff who also works at the factory. What no one in Selma\'s life knows is that she has a hereditary degenerative disease which is gradually causing her to go blind. She has been saving up every penny that she makes  to pay for an operation which will prevent her young son from suffering the same fate. To escape the misery of her daily life Selma accompanies Cvalda to the local cinema where together they watch fabulous Hollywood musicals . In her day-to-day life, when things are too boring or upsetting, Selma slips into daydreams or perhaps a trance-like state where she imagines the ordinary circumstances and individuals around her have erupted into elaborate musical theater numbers. These songs, as do many of Björk\'s songs, use some sort of real-life noise  as an underlying rhythm. Unfortunately, Selma slips into one such trance while working at the factory. Soon Jeff and Cvalda begin to realize that Selma can barely see at all. Additionally, Bill reveals to Selma that his materialistic wife Linda spends more than his salary, there is no money left from his inheritance, and he is behind in payments and the bank is going to take his house. He asks Selma for a loan, but she declines. He regrets telling Selma his secret. To comfort Bill, Selma reveals her secret blindness, hoping that together they can keep each other\'s secret. Bill then hides in the corner of Selma\'s home, knowing she can\'t see him, and watches as she puts some money in her kitchen tin. The next day, after having broken her machine the night before through careless error, Selma is fired from her job. When she comes home to put her final wages away she finds the tin is empty; she goes next door to report the theft to Bill and Linda only to hear Linda discussing how Bill has brought home their safe deposit box to count their savings. Linda additionally reveals that Bill has "confessed" his affair with Selma, and that Selma must move out immediately. Knowing that Bill was broke and that the money he is counting must be hers, she confronts him and attempts to take the money back. He draws a gun on her, and in a struggle he is wounded. Linda discovers the two of them and, assuming that Selma is attempting to steal the money, runs off to tell the police at Bill\'s command. Bill then begs Selma to take his life, telling her that this will be the only way she will ever reclaim the money that he stole from her. Selma shoots at him several times, but due to her blindness manages to only maim Bill further. In the end, she performs a coup de grâce with the safe deposit box. In one of the scenes, Selma slips into a trance and imagines that Bill\'s corpse stands up and slow dances with her, urging her to run to freedom. She does, and takes the money to the Institute for the Blind to pay for her son\'s operation before the police can take it from her. Selma is caught and eventually put on trial. It is here that she is pegged as a Communist sympathizer and murderess. Although she tells as much truth about the situation as she can, she refuses to reveal Bill\'s secret, saying that she had promised not to. Additionally, when her claim that the reason she didn\'t have any money was because she had been sending it to her father in Czechoslovakia is proven false, she is convicted and given the death penalty. Cvalda and Jeff eventually put the pieces of the puzzle together and get back Selma\'s money, using it instead to pay for a trial lawyer who can free her. Selma becomes furious and refuses the lawyer, opting to face the death penalty rather than let her son go blind, but she is deeply distraught as she awaits her death. Although a sympathetic female prison guard named Brenda tries to comfort her, the other state officials show no feelings and are eager to see her executed. Brenda encourages Selma to walk. On her way to the gallows, Selma goes to hug the other men on death row while singing to them. However, on the gallows, she becomes terrified, so that she must be strapped to a collapse board. Her hysteria when the hood is placed over her face delays the execution. Selma begins crying hysterically and Brenda cries with her, but Cvalda rushes to inform her that the operation was successful and that Gene will see. Relieved, Selma sings the final song on the gallows with no musical accompaniment, although she is hanged before she finishes. A curtain is then drawn in front of her body, while the missing part of the song shows on the screen: "They say it\'s the last song/They don\'t know us, you see/It\'s only the last song/If we let it be."'] ['Bernice Lee, a young woman of mixed African and European ancestry, living in Chicago with her family travels to New York and starts a new life passing as a white woman. The film begins with her being mistaken for a purely white woman by a white man who tries to hit on her repeatedly. Her brother, more obviously of mixed heritage, fights off the man. Bernice\'s grandmother consoles her when she confides her troubles. Later in the film, after a failed attempted at looking for employment as a black, she decides to leave town, use the name Lila Brownell and live as a white woman. On the plane to New York she meets and eventually marries the man of her dreams – Rick Leyton – only she hasn\'t told him she is part black. He and his rich family and friends are white. Her white friend Sally, and black maid Bertha both advise her not to tell him. She becomes pregnant, and fears the child will have black features or coloring – and gets a book to read about this unlikely possibility, which she hides, but Rick eventually discovers it, although their maid claims the book belongs to her. Bernice/Lila goes into premature labor and has a stillborn child, but cries out "Is the baby black?" after she awakens from anesthesia. This leads Rick to suspect that his wife has been unfaithful. Eventually, she and her husband divorce without Bernice ever having revealed her true name or past. She then returns to her family in Chicago and her original identity.'] ["The soap opera-like plot of the Warner Bros. release focuses on Mary Donnell, a naive young woman married to a bootlegger who is killed during the St. Valentine's Day massacre. In order to support herself she takes a job as a secretary to married attorney Lloyd Rogers, who finds himself attracted to her but keeps his feelings secret out of respect for his wife. Jack Merrick, Jr., the playboy son of a wealthy client, elopes with Mary, but his disapproving father interferes and has the marriage annulled. Soon after Mary discovers she is pregnant and decides to have the child without informing Jack, who marries Florence Carson, a woman of his own social class. She later is left crippled by an automobile accident. When Lloyd dies, he leaves Mary the bulk of his estate, but his wife, believing Mary's son is her husband's illegitimate child, attempts to overturn the will. When Jack and his father learn the boy is his, the elder Merrick institutes proceedings to have Mary declared unfit and the child removed from her custody. Unable to withstand the stress of the legal proceedings, to her surprise, Mary finds Florence kind and sympathetic. She allows Jack and Florence to have the child and leaves for Europe. When Florence dies, Jack follows Mary in the hope he'll find her and reunite her with their son."] ["Binodini is a young woman who is left to her own devices when her sickly husband dies soon after they are married. She returns to her village and lives there for a couple of months until she sees one of her relatives passing by. Binodini hails the woman and the two soon agree that it would be best if Binodini came to live with the woman and her son, Mahendra.  When the two arrive, the woman's son and his new bride are constantly sneaking off to be alone together. This infatuation does not last long, and Mahendra soon begins to see that his wife's friend, Binodini, is more his type. The story details the lives of these three and Mahendra's best friend as they deal with issues as distrust, adultery, lies, and fallings-out.{{Citation needed}}"] ['Ping  has come from Penang in the north to Kuala Lumpur to work with her aunt. There she meets John, a young man who keeps trying to approach her. Ping feels increasingly attracted to John, and although she has a boyfriend in Penang she is drawn more and more into his world. Ping loses herself in her love and does all she can to keep John.'] ["Best friends{{spaced ndash}}one a straight woman, Abbie, the other a gay man, Robert{{spaced ndash}}who decide to have a child together. Five years later, Abbie falls in love with a heterosexual man and wants to move away with him and Robert's little boy Sam, and a nasty custody battle ensues."] ['Cat Storm  is a teen going to a Manhattan prep school, who must deal with the issues of sex and drugs, and the loss of her best friend Delilah Milford . Popular Grace Bailey  becomes Cat\'s best friend when Delilah is expelled from school. William Sellers , a delinquent, falls for Cat. Cat has to choose between her best friend or the "in crowd" of snobby teens at her school.'] ['By 1930, Evaristo, a humble worker who lives near the Riachuelo river in Buenos Aires, is preparing to go to work with two partners. His daughter Mary calls him from her bed; the girl has a fever and this forces Evaristo back. The tram that the three workers missed falls into the river and almost all the passengers die. For this and other episodes, Mary earns the reputation that she can predict the future. By 1940, Mary is now a very happy but very chaste young woman. One afternoon, in a bus, she sees a young man who smiles at her. When she gets off the bus, the man follows her to find out where she lives. That night Mary tells her father Evaristo that she had already chosen a husband, but does not know his name or where he lives. Rosita, a friend of Mary, announces her sudden wedding. During the wedding party, Tito, a pharmacist friend, reveals to Mary that Rosita is marrying because she is pregnant and an abortion was too dangerous. At hearing the word "abortion," Mary feels revolted, gets dizzy, and flees the party. Mary becomes hysterical. "They\'re all whores ... it\'s all shit," he shouts to Tito. That summer, Mary is reunited with the man from the bus, Cholo, who works for a meat packing company with his brothers and is also a boxer. Mary invites him to her house and they quickly start a relationship. At New Year\'s Eve, Mary meets Cholo\'s family: Cholo\'s mother  Mrs. America, Cholo\'s brother Raul and Raul\'s wife Sofia, Cholo\'s brother Hector and his wife Luisa, and Cholo\'s sister Claudia and her husband Ariel. At Mary\'s request, Cholo leaves boxing behind. Cholo and Mary make out passionately. Cholo tries to consummate the relationship, but Mary says she will marry a virgin, and when Cholo attempts to force himself on her, she rejects him. Five days later they reconcile and soon they plan their wedding. On the day of the civil wedding Mary announces that she will remain a virgin until the church wedding, to be held two days later. Again Cholo tries to force Mary, but she rejects him very violently. After the church wedding, Cholo and Mary have a passionate wedding night in a hotel in Buenos Aires and consummate their relationship. Sofia, sister in law of Cholo announces worriedly that she is pregnant. The previous delivery had complications, and Sofia fears what will happen if she decides to continue with the pregnancy. Mary says that “it is better to sacrifice one\'s life rather than to kill a child ... it is very dangerous to play with fate." Sofia decides to have an abortion, but she dies as a result of the intervention. When Mary finds out, she feels revolted and repeats: “They\'re all shit.” After the funeral, Mary declares that Sofia deserved what happened to her, but then she decides to help raise Sofia’s children and respect her memory. Cholo’s sister Claudia said Mary prophesied the death of Sophia, but Mary says she only gave Sofia some advice. Six months after becoming a widower, Cholo\'s brother Raul begins a relationship with a widow. Mary finds out and accuses Raul of desecrating Sofia\'s memory. Ariel, Claudia\'s husband and Cholo\'s brother-in-law, defends Raul\'s courtship. Mary says to Ariel: "I wonder what you would think if you were to die and Claudia were to find someone else." Claudia, who believes that Mary is a prophetess, tells her to shut up. Mary begins to move away from Cholo and asks Cholo to leave the business he has with his brothers. Mary becomes increasingly sad and sullen. Cholo gets a day off. On the day that Ariel takes Cholo\'s place at work, an accident occurs with the delivery truck and Ariel dies. When Mary attends the wake, Claudia tells her to leave and they stop talking to each other. Mary\'s "prophecies" continues to be fulfilled: After Ariel dies, Claudia finds a boyfriend and plans to remarry. Mary gets more depressed, retreats from Cholo\'s family and begins to wear black. Only Cholo\'s sister Luisa still visits Mary, but Mary prophecies Luisa\'s, and her own, death. Thus Mary imagines the progressive death of all of Mrs. America\'s children-in-law. Mary\'s rejection of her in-laws affects her relationship with Cholo. Mary has nightmares, suffers depression and isolates herself from the world. When Luisa gets sick with food poisoning, Mary finally looses her mind. He says it is fate that Luisa, and then herself, die. Luisa recovers, but Mary is asleep when Cholo returns with the good news. When Cholo is asleep, Mary gets up, strips herself naked, puts on her wedding dress, and takes a knife. Mary goes to the bedroom and kills Cholo by stabbing him in the heart.'] ["Brothers David and Mark McCune are both in love with Dianne Parker, their neighbor who has been living with her mother Hannah since the death of her father when she was 17 years old. Although David treats her better, Dianne falls in love with Mark. They soon marry and it does not take long before she finds out she is pregnant. When her doctor announces that her child will have severe genetic abnormalities, Mark advises her to have an abortion. Dianne refuses, however, and Mark leaves her. Six years later, Dianne is a single mom taking care of her handicapped daughter Julia, with the help of her mother. One day, she meets young Amy Williams, who is growing up in a dysfunctional family. Her father died and her alcoholic mother Tess gets involved with an abusive man, Buddy. Amy, trying to escape from her home life during summer, starts taking care of Julia. They soon befriend each other, which delights Dianne. One day, Buddy, frustrated by the noise he is making, throws Amy's puppy from a bridge into the water. Amy, determined to save him, jumps after him and lands into the hospital. Child services are contacted and it is decided that Amy is not allowed to live with her mother anymore. Buddy has been arrested and Tess, who still loves Amy a lot, is forced to enter rehab if she ever wants to see her daughter again. In the meantime, Amy is taken in by Dianne. Tragedy strikes again when she and Amy are hit by a drunk driver. Amy is not hurt, but Dianne is severely wounded. She is visited in the hospital by Mark, who wants a second chance. After questioning his motives for a while, she decides to forgive him. However, when she notices that he does not care about Julia, who will only have a few months to live, she dumps him. In the end, she accepts a proposal from David. Amy and Tess are reconciled."] ["Julie Longwell, the owner of a hair salon in the town of Dobbs Mill, is paid a visit by a social worker who tells her that her son is looking for her. Julie is shocked by the news and in a series of flashbacks recalls the circumstances of her son being sent for adoption. As a teenager, Julie was going steady with Steve Carson, though the relationship had the disapproval of Julie's mother, Iva Mae. When Julie became pregnant, Iva Mae sent Julie to a special home for unwed mothers where she gave birth to a boy who was immediately sent away for adoption. When Julie returned home, she discovered that while she was gone, Steve had a breakdown, married another girl and enlisted in the Air Force. Although she was heartbroken over the loss of two of her loves, Julie eventually moved on with her life, but did not forget either one of them. In the present, Julie decides to meet with her son, despite her current family's protestations that the meeting would be too painful. When she does meet her son Scott, who is a minister, they bond immediately. Scott is also looking for his father, Steve, and Julie agrees to help him. She tracks Steve down to his office, and he ends up returning to Dobbs Mill to meet Julie in person. The pair spend the day exploring the town as they walk down memory lane together, and they discover that despite being apart for many years, they still have feelings for each other. Julie's grown-up daughter from a previous marriage disapproves this development, especially since Julie has recently become engaged to another man. Steve senses the disapproval and decides to leave Julie to her new life. Julie is disappointed with Steve's choice, but knows that she cannot marry her fiance when she still has feelings for another man, so she calls off the engagement. Scott, whose wife is pregnant, has a series of separate meetings with Julie and Steve, and comes to realize that they still have feelings for each other. Scott arranges a bowling event and invites both Julie and Steve without either knowing that the other will be there. Julie and Steve are forced to confront each other and accept that they are still in love with each other. On the day that Scott's wife gives birth to Julie and Steve's grandson, Steve proposes to Julie and she accepts. Julie and Steve are married in a church with their own son as the minister. Julie's grown-up daughter has by now given their union a blessing, as has Julie's mother, albeit reluctantly."] ["Criminal and jazz aficionado Akira  and his prostitute girlfriend Fumiko  are arrested when they are spotted fleecing foreigners in a jazz club by a reporter named Kashiwagi . In jail, Akira meets Masaru  and on their release they and Fumiko resume criminal activities. They spot Kashiwagi and his artist fiancée, Yuki , hit him with a stolen car and kidnap her. They take her to a remote beach where Akira rapes her while Masaru and Fumiko fornicate in the ocean. Soon after, the three rent an apartment with money earned from fencing the stolen car. Masaru and Fumiko commit to starting a family, while he joins a yakuza gang, to the derision of Akira. Yuki tracks Akira down and informs him that she is pregnant. Kashiwagi has become distant and haughty and she pleads with Akira for help. Akira arranges for Fumiko to seduce Kashiwagi so that the couple might again be on equal terms. Masaru is killed by a rival yakuza. Fumiko discovers that she is pregnant but without Masaru's support she resolves to get an abortion and resume her prostitution career. Akira and Fumiko meet Kashiwagi and Yuki by chance at an abortion clinic where Akira reveals that each woman was impregnated by the other man, to the amusement of the former couple and befuddlement of the latter.Akira was renamed Al in the Adubon Films English language dub."] ['A statue is being dedicated to the late founder of Hoyt City, and reporters from around the country have gathered, speculating that "the old lady\'s going to talk." When the anticipated "old lady" does not appear at the event, they rush to her home. She is centenarian Hannah Sempler , who lives in an old mansion among the skyscrapers of Hoyt City. As she confronts the press who have barged in, a photographer says, "Hold it, Mrs. Hoyt!" She replies that her name is Hanna Sempler, and refuses to answer their questions as to whether she and Hoyt had been married, which as another reporter says, would make him a bigamist. The intruders leave, having learned nothing to prove or disprove the many rumors, but Hannah is persuaded to tell her story to a young female biographer who lags behind. She reminisces about her experiences with Ethan Hoyt  in the American West. In 1848, a teenaged Hannah Sempler is squired by her wealthy father\'s associate, Mr. Cadwallader , but she is not interested. Hannah meets and flirts with a young pioneer and dreamer, Ethan Hoyt, who comes to her home seeking financial backing from her father  in order to build a city in the western wilderness. Her father rejects Ethan\'s proposal, stating that it is too risky. Hannah, however, falls in love with the young man, and quite impulsively, they elope and head west. The first years of their marriage are not easy, but the couple are happy. When Ethan loses all his money and possessions in a drunken gambling spree to Steely Edwards , Hannah wins back his losses and befriends Steely, who accompanies the couple to Sacramento, where they hope to strike it rich mining. In Sacramento, Hannah and Ethan spend less time together, with Ethan working long hours in the mines. One day, Hannah discovers silver on Ethan\'s boots, carried from the Virginia City mine where he had been working. Hannah knows she is pregnant, but does not reveal this to Ethan, knowing he would never leave her behind in that condition. Instead she encourages Ethan to go to Virginia City and find his fortune in the silver mines. Thinking his wife wants him gone so she can be with Steely, Ethan leaves her with no intention of returning. After he leaves for Virginia City, the friendship between Hannah and Steely grows. Steely in fact looks after Hannah and her twin babies. When Sacramento is threatened by torrential flooding, Hannah plans to travel to San Francisco. But knowing that Hannah still loves Ethan, Steely arranges for her to travel by coach to Virginia City to be with her husband—he will go to San Francisco alone. As the coach crosses a bridge near Sacramento, the river overflows and washes away the coach and its passengers. Hannah alone survives; the babies perish. After burying the twins, and believing that Hannah is also dead, Steely travels to Virginia City to tell Ethan the tragic news. It has been years since they\'ve seen or spoken, and by now Ethan has become a wealthy man. When Steely tells him that Hannah is dead, Ethan shoots him, saying, "He killed my wife." Thinking that Hannah and Steely are now dead—Steely actually survives the shooting—Ethan continues his dream of building a great city. Steely returns to Sacramento and discovers that Hannah is still alive. He tells her that Ethan, who believes she is dead, has married another woman. Steely and Hannah move to San Francisco and open a gambling casino. Years later, Hannah\'s father visits her and urges her to "disappear" so as not to threaten the political future of Ethan Hoyt, who is now representing her father\'s railroad interests. Hannah refuses her father\'s request, and travels to Hoyt City, where she watches Ethan giving a political speech. No longer a champion of the people as he once dreamed of becoming, Ethan is now a man of wealth and power, participating in corrupt practices to achieve private goals. Ethan sees Hannah in the crowd and they meet. She tells him that she had divorced him, knowing his political future would be ruined by scandal if it were known they were still married. She reminds him of the dreamer he once was. He goes off with a renewed idealism, devoting the rest of his life to helping the less fortunate, even at his own expense. The story concludes as it started, with the aged Hannah and the young female biographer discussing Ethan Hoyt, standing beneath the impressive statue. Hannah has been alone for many years now, Steely having died in the 1906 San Francisco Earthquake, the same year that Ethan returned to Hoyt City, to die in Hannah\'s mansion. No one knew why he chose to do this, and for some thirty more years Hannah has remained silent about their marriage. The biographer now realizes the profound role that Hannah played in Ethan\'s life and success, and in the founding of this now great city. Also aware of Ethan\'s mythic reputation, she kisses Hannah sweetly, saying, "I\'m kissing my biography [of Ethan] goodbye." Before Hanna leaves the statue, the old woman tears up the marriage certificate she has kept all these years, saying of his myth , "Forever, Ethan. Now no one can change it. Forever."'] ["Anton Adam is a lawyer who has just got a client acquitted against the uptown New York lawyer Granville Bentley. Granville offers the poor lawyer partnership and he accepts. Anton's faithful secretary Olga Michaels isn't delighted to see Anton disrespecting the law. His downfall comes when he meets the beautiful Virginia, an actress who is introduced as a woman whose doctor has abandoned her and now seeks help. Anton sues Dr. Gresham, but Virginia soon calls him she wants to drop the charges. He responds with anger, which Virginia records. Now, Anton is sued for blackmail and must face a tough jury. He loses his partnership with Bentley and he decides to become ruthless. With only his secretary on his side, Anton returns to his old neighbourhood to set up an honest legal practice."] [" The Great Flamarion  is an arrogant, friendless, and misogynous marksman who displays his trick gunshot act in the vaudeville circuit. His show features a beautiful assistant, Connie  and her drunken husband Al , Flamarion's other assistant. Flamarion falls in love with Connie, the movie's femme fatale, and is soon manipulated by her into killing her no good husband during one of their acts."] ['The wealthy and popular Kathryn Merteuil  takes the sheltered and naïve Cecile Caldwell  under her wing, promising to turn Cecile into a model student. Kathryn\'s real intention, however, is to use Cecile to indirectly take revenge on Court Reynolds, her ex-lover, who had dumped her for Cecile. Kathryn asks her step-brother, Sebastian Valmont  to seduce Cecile; he refuses as he is planning to seduce virgin Annette Hargrove  - a \'paradigm of chastity and virtue\' and spoil her social reputation. Doubting Sebastian\'s chance of success, they make a wager: If Kathryn wins, she gets Sebastian\'s vintage 1956 Jaguar XK140 roadster; if Sebastian wins, Kathryn will allow him to "put it anywhere" . Sebastian agrees. Ronald Clifford, Cecile\'s music teacher, is also in love with Cecile. Annette is temporarily staying with Helen Rosemond, Sebastian\'s Aunt. Cecile\'s mother, Mrs. Caldwell, who met Annette at her school, has already warned Annette of Sebastian\'s reputation for womanizing. Sebastian\'s seduction of Annette fails. Wanting revenge on the Caldwells, Sebastian tells Kathryn he will now seduce Cecile. Kathryn tells Cecile\'s mother about Ronald and Cecile\'s romance and Mrs. Caldwell intervenes in her daughter\'s relationship. Sebastian, in turn, calls Cecile to his house, ostensibly to give her a letter from Ronald. Sebastian blackmails Cecile and performs oral sex on her. The next day, Cecile confides in Kathryn, who advises her to learn the art of sex from Sebastian so that she can make Ronald happy in bed. Sebastian falls in love with Annette, who returns his feelings but resists him. Sebastian calls her a hypocrite because she claims to be waiting for her one true love, but when her one true love chooses to love her back, she resists. She relents, but Sebastian, in turn, refuses her. Annette flees to her friend\'s parents\' estate. Sebastian tracks her down and professes his love, and they make love. As he has won the bet, Kathryn offers herself to Sebastian the next day, but he refuses; he now wants Annette only. Kathryn taunts him and threatens to ruin Annette\'s reputation, so Sebastian pretends indifference to Annette and coldly breaks up with her. After Sebastian tells Kathryn that he has broken up with Annette and arranged for Cecile and Ronald to be together, Kathryn reveals that she has known all along that he was truly in love with Annette and manipulated him into giving her up. She then rejects him. Sebastian leaves, and Kathryn calls Ronald to inform him that Sebastian had sex with Cecile. Sebastian finds and sends Annette his journal, in which he has detailed all of Kathryn\'s maneuvers and written his true feelings for Annette. When Sebastian starts heading home, Ronald confronts him in the middle of the street and a fight ensues. Annette runs out and tries to stop it. She is thrown into the way of an oncoming cab. Sebastian pushes her to safety and is hit by the speeding cab himself. Before he dies, Sebastian and Annette profess their love for each other. At Sebastian\'s funeral, Cecile distributes copies of Sebastian\'s journal, made into a book by Annette, titled "Cruel Intentions". Kathryn is humiliated and rejected by her former friends, and she is defamed for the cocaine hidden in her cross necklace. Annette drives away in Sebastian\'s Jaguar with his journal at her side as fond memories of Sebastian play through her head.'] ['A mother  reunites with her son  after many years, who had left home as a result of a searing family tragedy.'] ["Madrid, Christmas 1970: with the nation under a state of emergency ordered by the Franco regime, a young prostitute, Isabel Plaza Caballero , gives birth on a bus to a son she names Victor. Twenty years later, Victor Plaza  shows up for a date he made with Elena , a junkie with whom he had sex a week earlier. Waiting for her dealer to arrive, Elena is not interested in seeing Victor and tells him to leave. Finally she gets a gun and orders him out of the flat. Enraged, Victor wrestles the gun from her; in the process Elena gets knocked out, and the gun goes off. A neighbor hears the shot and calls the police; and two cops respond to the report. The older cop, Sancho , is an unstable alcoholic who suspects his wife Clara  of infidelity. The younger cop, David , more clean-cut and sober, prefers to do things by the book. Through the window they catch sight of Victor physically struggling with Elena, and Sancho is ready to storm in, while David wants to call for a back-up. When they enter, Victor holds Elena hostage with her gun. David tries to calm him down and get him to drop his gun, but Sancho sabotages his efforts by continually threatening Victor. Finally, David puts his gun to Sancho's head, gets him and Victor to put down their guns and orders Elena to flee. Sancho then lunges for Victor, they wrestle for the gun, and another shot rings out, hitting David. Two years later, Victor, in jail, watches a wheelchair basketball match: the now partially paralyzed David is a star player in the 1992 Summer Paralympics, with Elena, who is now his wife, cheering him on from the sidelines. Victor has made good use of his time, taking a correspondence course in education, working out, and enriching his mind with a variety of subjects, including the Bible. Before he is released, another four years later, his mother dies and leaves him some money and a house in the slums. One of his first stops after he gets out of jail is his mother's grave, where he encounters Elena at her father's funeral. While leaving the cemetery he meets Clara, Sancho's wife. Elena, now off drugs and operating an orphanage, tells David of her encounter with Victor. David stops by Victor's house and warns him not to go near his wife. Victor queries how he can do this, but David grabs his genitals and he doubles up. When David gets into his car to leave, he sees Clara arriving, and stay on to watch from a distance. Attracted by Victor's enthusiasm and good looks, Clara agrees to teach him how to make love, as well as pampering him with gifts and affection. She eventually falls in love with him. Victor begins to volunteer at the orphanage, which is happy to have him because he fixed the boiler, has a degree in education and is very good with the children. Elena objects, but can't find a compelling reason to throw Victor out. David continues to trail Victor and finds out that Victor works at Elena's orphanage. He confronts him again; Victor tells him that it was Sancho who made Victor squeeze the trigger. Afterwards, David tells his wife what Victor said, and the revealing context that Sancho shot David because he was having an affair with Clara. Elena is disgusted, but still plans to leave the orphanage to get away from Victor. Victor tells Elena that his original plan of revenge was to become the world's greatest lover, make love to Elena all night long, and then leave her hanging, but that he still loves her too much to do so. Victor tells Clara that they should stop meeting, and they break up. While Victor is on night-shift at the orphanage, Elena comes in to remove her belongings, and agrees to a night of passion with Victor, on condition that he never contacts her again. Elena tells David herself about her infidelity, and although she plans to stay with him, he plots his own revenge. Clara leaves Sancho, who was abusing her, shooting him in the process. David shows up at Sancho's place with photographic proof of Victor and Clara's affair. Sancho and David drive to Victor's house, where Sancho shoots and kills Clara, while Clara also wounds Sancho, and Sancho finally kills himself. At the end, David narrates a letter written to his wife from Miami, where he is spending Christmas with some friends, apologizing for the way everything turned out. While at the orphanage, a pregnant Elena goes into labor and on the way to the hospital, she and Victor get stuck in heavy traffic. Victor is reminded of the circumstances of his own birth, and tells his unborn child that the fears of the Spanish have passed."] ['The film is set in 1911 at a Roman Catholic parish in the rural town of Solon, Michigan. Sister Rita , a young nun, arrives at the parish to help run the church school. When the parish’s two elderly nuns contract tuberculosis, Sister Rita is forced to move into the rectory that is home to Father Rivard , the parish priest. The close proximity between the two begins to set off gossip and suspicions, to the point that a monsignor from the diocese  comes to give Father Rivard a talking-to. The gossip turns out to be correct, as the priest and the nun confess their love for each other. However, their declaration of emotion leads to tragedy.Spirituality and Practice review'] ["Mavis Ray  is a young debutant living with her mother and with the backing of Hugo Harlan , whom she calls her uncle. She is in love with socialite Jerry Croker-Kelley , and goes with him to meet his family against Harlan's wishes. Mavis and Jerry wish to elope if they cannot get Harlan's permission to marry. At Jerry's house, Mavis finds herself ill at ease with Jerry's family, who live simply despite their wealth. When Harlan comes to the house, he takes Jerry aside and tells him something that causes him to abandon his relationship with Mavis. Dejected, Mavis later begins falling for her chauffeur, Patrick Michael Regan . He begins falling for her as well, not caring when Mavis reveals that Harlan is not her uncle, but her lover, and that the woman she calls her mother is actually hired help. However, Patrick's sister , feels as if this relationship will harm Patrick. She unsuccessfully attempts to speak to Mavis, dying shortly afterwards in childbirth. Not long afterwards, Patrick gets into a car accident. While Patrick is recovering from his wounds, Mavis takes care of his children. However, she considers herself unworthy of him. After breaking off her relationship with Harlan, Mavis runs away. Several months later, Mavis, who is now working as a nurse, encounters Patrick, who has become a taxi driver. The two decide to try and have a relationship."] ['Tom Wingo , a teacher and football coach from South Carolina, is asked by his mother, Lila, to travel to New York to help his twin sister\'s psychiatrist, Susan Lowenstein , after his sister Savannah\'s  latest suicide attempt. Tom hates New York and reluctantly accepts, but largely to take the opportunity to be alone and away from a life that does not satisfy him. During his initial meetings with Lowenstein, Tom is reluctant to disclose many details of their dysfunctional family\'s secrets. In flashbacks, Tom relates incidents from his childhood to Lowenstein in hopes of discovering how to save Savannah\'s life. The Wingo parents were an abusive father and an overly proud, status-hungry mother. The father was a shrimp boat operator and, despite being successful at that profession, spent all of his money on frivolous business pursuits, leaving the family in poverty. Tom is also torn with his own problems, but hides behind what he calls "the Southern way"; i.e., laughing about everything. For example, his wife Sallie is having an affair and her lover wants to marry her. Tom and Lowenstein begin having feelings for each other. After Tom discovers that she is married to Herbert Woodruff, a famous concert violinist, Lowenstein introduces Tom to her son Bernard, who is being groomed to become a musician as well but who secretly wants to play football. Tom starts coaching Bernard along with attending sessions with Lowenstein to help his sister. Tom discovers that Savannah has been in such a dissociated state that she even had a different identity, Renata Halpern. As Halpern, she wrote books to disguise the Savannah side of her troubled life. Tom confronts Lowenstein over not revealing this information before and they argue, during which she throws a dictionary at him. To apologize, she asks him to dinner and their relationship becomes closer. Tom has a fateful meeting with his mother and stepfather, bringing up painful memories. Tom reveals that, when he was 13 years old, three escaped convicts invaded his home and raped him, along with his mother and sister. His older brother, Luke, killed two of the aggressors with a shotgun, while his mother stabbed the third with a kitchen knife. They buried the bodies beneath the house and never spoke of it again. Tom suffers a mental breakdown, having now let loose a key piece of Savannah\'s troubled life. After a session of football, Herbert orders Bernard to return to his music lessons and prepare to leave for Tanglewood. Tom is invited to a dinner at Lowenstein\'s home, along with poets and intellectuals. Herbert is overtly rude and reveals that Tom\'s sister is in therapy with his wife. Infuriated, Lowenstein voices her suspicions about her husband\'s affairs. Tom takes Herbert\'s "million dollar" violin and threatens to throw it off the balcony unless Herbert apologizes. Tom spends a romantic weekend with Lowenstein at her country house. Savannah recovers and is about to be released from the hospital when Tom realizes that he wants to be closer to his wife and children, despite having fallen in love with someone else. He returns home, but his last thoughts are of Lowenstein.'] ["John Forsythe and his trusty horse Desert Gold wander through the Australian outback, where Forsythe discovers a deposit of gold. A villain, Harrington, tries to steal Forsythe's claim, but is unsuccessful. Years later, Forsythe owns substantial horse racing interests, which are run by trainer, Anderson, who has a daughter, Joan . Forsythe has a new champion race horse, also known as Desert Gold . Harrington knows his horse, Slippery Jane, has no chance against Desert Gold, so he plays Anderson at cards and gets him into debt. Joan discovers a wire across the training track set by Harrington's accomplices and manages to stop them hurting Desert Gold. Harrington threatens to bankrupt Anderson so Joan offers to marry him. Forsythe ends up paying the debt and Joan is aged after a race between a motor car and a train to Katoomba. Harrington then lures Fortyhe to a lonely spot in the Blue Mountains and imprisons him, then sends a telegram in Forysthe's name scratching Desert Gold from the Cup and backs Slippery Jane. Forysthe manages to escape and flies to the city in time for the race. Desert Gold beats Slippery Jane, despite Harrington ordering an electric whip be used on his horse. {{cite news}}{{cite news}} The film also features fights on horseback in the desert and on the brink of Leura Falls in the Blue Mountains, the blowing up of a ship at sea, and a flight of an aeroplane.Andrew Pike and Ross Cooper, Australian Film 1900–1977: A Guide to Feature Film Production, Melbourne: Oxford University Press, 1998, 88."] ["The widowed Eurasian doctor Han Suyin  falls in love with the married-but-separated American correspondent Mark Elliott  in Hong Kong, during the period of China's Civil War in the late 1940s. Although they briefly find happiness together, she is ostracized by the greater Chinese community. After losing her position at the hospital, Suyin and her adopted daughter go to live with a friend while Mark is on an assignment during the Korean War. They write to each other constantly. However on the same day that Suyin receives a letter from Mark, another friend drops by with a newspaper saying that Elliot has been killed by an aircraft bomb. Distraught, Suyin climbs the hill to the tree where they said their last goodbyes, half hoping to see him there again. When she realizes that he is truly gone, she falls to her knees sobbing. In the final scene, a butterfly, similar to the one seen on Elliot's typewriter while at the front, lands on the tree in front of Suyin. She composes herself and walks away."] ["The plot centres around moody 17 year old Mathilde  who has no parents. Her philosophy teacher François , happens to stumble across her path and is eager to help her learn more. He starts to come over to her house everyday going over her homework, and teaching her the art of the study. Eventually, Mathilde starts placing little hints that she finds the 47 year old François attractive. He tries to resist her, but he finds himself falling for her as well. They soon blossom into a passionate love, but they must keep their affair a secret from his wife  and the school. Later François's wife finds out about the affair because her husband comes home late and Mathilde calls his house until he answers. Mathilde became obsessed and jealous in his wife, starting to send her messages and breaking the glass windows in her store - his wife became desperate to find a solution. Soon his wife sets an ultimatum, to choose between her and Mathilde. he understands the consciousnesses of his decisions and stops the affair. Several months later - divorced, he gets a phone call from a doctor says Mathilde is dead, he comes to see the body and shocked by the death of his true love he goes to sit on the sand of the beach alone."] ["To those on the outside, Kate Stark  leads an idyllic life; a successful husband , an adoring young daughter , and a beautiful home. But beneath the surface, her life is less than ideal; a husband preoccupied with his career, a domineering mother , and a dark secret that not even her closest friends know: Kate is bulimic. As the pressures in her life begin to mount, Kate obsessively diets and exercises, and habitually binges and purges while adroitly hiding her eating disorder from those closest to her. When Kate's bulimia finally leads to a frightening accident that makes it clear to everyone that her illness is not only dangerous to herself, but to those around her, she's committed to rehabilitation where she must learn to face the inner turmoil at the root of her disorder before it's too late."] ['Close to the end of the American Civil War, injured Yankee soldier John McBurney is rescued from the verge of death by a twelve year old girl from an all-girl boarding school in Louisiana. At first the all-female staff and pupils are scared, but as John starts to recover, he charms them one by one and the sexually repressed atmosphere becomes filled with jealousy and deceit. A few of the girls go after him as well. After rejecting the headmistress for a younger girl, McBurney gets his comeuppance in the form of some painful Freudian symbolism — he falls down the stairs. Eventually his leg is amputated by the headmistress, so as to avoid gangrene. After going on a rampage that scares all of the women, he reforms and announces his intention to marry one of the teachers, but it is too late; he has alienated the youngest girl, the one who first found him, by killing her pet turtle after throwing it aside in a drunken rage. In response, she is coached to pick mushrooms that the headmistress and girls use to poison him.'] [" The story opens on Oharu as an old woman in a temple flashing back through the events of her life. It begins with her love affair with a page, the result of which  is his execution and her family's banishment. Oharu attempts suicide but fails and is sold to be the mistress of Lord Matsudaira with the hope she will bear him a son. She does, but then is sent home with minimal compensation to the dismay of her father, who has worked up quite a debt in the meantime. He sends her to be a courtesan, but there, too, she fails and is again sent home. She goes to serve the family of a woman who must hide the fact that she is bald from her husband. The woman becomes jealous of Oharu and makes her chop off her hair, but Oharu retaliates, revealing the woman's secret. She again must leave—this time she marries a fan maker who is killed shortly after during a robbery. She attempts to become a nun, but Oharu is thrown out after being caught naked with a man seeking reimbursement for an unauthorized gift . She is thrown out of the temple, becomes a prostitute, but fails even at that. In the end, she is recalled to the Lord's house in order to keep secret her activities and to be exiled within the compounds to keep her secrets locked away. While being scolded for the life she chose, she attempts to find her son, and in the process, ends up running away as she chooses the life of a beggar over the life in exile."] ['When a young man is befriended by a gambling ship operator and made a partner in the business, he becomes involved in a police manhunt after he covers up a murder committed by his new partner.'] ['The film starts in Germany in 1943. During an Allied bombing raid Maria  marries the soldier Hermann Braun . After "half a day and a whole night" together, Hermann returns to the front. Postwar, Maria is told that Hermann has been killed. Maria starts work as a hostess in a bar frequented by American soldiers. She has a relationship with an African-American soldier Bill , who supports her and gives her nylon stockings and cigarettes. She becomes pregnant by Bill. Hermann, who was not killed, returns home to discover Maria and Bill undressing each other. A fight between Hermann and Bill ensues. When Hermann seems in danger Maria unintentionally kills Bill striking his head with a full bottle. Maria is tried by a military tribune, and expresses her love for both Bill and Hermann - Hermann is so struck with Maria\'s devotion that he takes the blame for the killing and is imprisoned. Maria likely aborts her pregnancy and asks her doctor promise to maintain the grave. On the train home, Maria catches the eye of a wealthy industrialist, Karl Oswald . Oswald, an older man, offers her a position as his assistant, and shortly thereafter Maria becomes his mistress to "maintain the upper hand". Maria visits Hermann again and tells him about the development, promising that their life will start as soon as he is released. Maria becomes wealthy and buys a house. Oswald visits Hermann and offers to make him and Maria heirs to his wealth if Hermann deserts Maria after his release. Neither man tells Maria of their agreement. On release, Hermann emigrates to Canada and sends Maria a red rose each month to remind her he still loves her. Following Oswald\'s death Hermann returns to Germany and to Maria. When Oswald\'s will is read by the executor Senkenberg  Maria hears about Oswald\'s agreement with Hermann. Distressed, Maria lights a cigarette and dies when the gas explodes. She had left the gas knob turned on from lighting a previous cigarette.'] ['Tom Sullivan is a blind college student who wants to be normal. When not in class, Tom hangs out with his friend, Sly, who does not treat him like a blind person. In fact, he goes out of his way to challenge Tom. Tom likes to go jogging while Sly leads him on his bicycle. Sly leads him past obstacles such as park benches, shouting out "Bench!" at the last moment so Tom has to jump over it. On campus, Tom meets a black woman named Heather with whom he falls in love, but she breaks off the relationship because "the black and white thing" coupled with Tom\'s blindness is too complicated for her. Crushed by Heather\'s abandonment and experiencing loneliness, Tom continues to struggle with himself, still denying that his blindness affects his "normalcy". Then he meets his future wife, Patti, and his life changes forever.'] ["This film is a melodrama concerning a spoiled only son, played by Jeon Taek-yi. After his father scolds him for his excessive drinking, he sells the family's only cow for money to leave for Seoul. Finding life difficult on his own in Seoul, he returns to his family begging forgiveness."] ['In 1925 Sydney, Caddie leaves her adulterous and brutish husband and takes her two children, Ann and Terry, with her. Forced to work as a barmaid in a pub she struggles to survive. A brief affair with Ted  ends badly, but she falls in love with a Greek immigrant, Peter . Peter has to return to Greece to face family obligations. Caddie runs out of money and goes to work as a barmaid. Peter sends letters from Greece and Caddie has to evade police as she works for an SP bookie. Peter asks her to come to Athens but she decides to stay.{{cite news}}'] ['The film opens up on Laura Black , a young and ambitious intern from Virginia who is preparing to say farewell to her family after having accepted a job at Kensitron Electronics International  in Silicon Valley, California. After receiving her well-wishes, Laura moves out to California where she receives a tour of her new workplace at the K.E.I. offices. During her tour with future co-worker Chris , Laura meets long-time K.E.I. employee Richard Farley , who is immediately infatuated with Laura\'s beauty. The three go out to lunch, where Richard takes a liking to Laura, and afterwards invites her to a local tractor pull, but she politely declines the offer. Looking for a home, she later visits an apartment in Sunnyvale, and is accepted as a new roommate by the current tenant. On her first day at the office, Laura gets settled in her new work station, but is surprised to find that Richard is there waiting for her. He offers her fresh-baked blueberry bread to show his affections before leaving. In the days that follow, Laura enrolls in a local aerobics class, where Richard watches her intently as she removes her top to show off her aerobics uniform. When class ends, he asks her out to a concert and then dinner, but again, she politely turns him down. He then says that they can\'t have a relationship if she keeps turning him down. Laura is quick to correct him, saying that their relationship is strictly professional. In spite of this, Richard continues to make advances on Laura, seemingly convinced that he and Laura are in fact in a romantic relationship. At the K.E.I. softball game, Laura once again denies that their relationship extends beyond their workplace, but Richard stays to watch as she plays the softball game. During the game, however, Laura\'s new friend Glenda Moritz  takes note of Richard\'s infatuation with her, though Laura says she can handle him. When they start laughing over his advances, he takes this as a deeply personal insult. Richard continues to pursue Laura. Through an excuse of wanting to present a birthday for Laura, he is allowed by a coworker to see her personal dossier, from which he learns of her birthday and address. One day, he shows up at her apartment and presents her with a gift. She finds that it is an RC bulldozer, and he says "if you\'re going to act like a child I\'m going to have to treat you like a child". Laura reluctantly accepts the gift while hiding her evident resentment at his frequent harassment. That night at dinner, her roommate shows concern over the situation and tells her she should confront Management about Richard, but Laura insists that she can handle him, saying that if she did otherwise, she would be his victim. As retaliation for her repeated refusals to go out with him, Farley slashes Laura\'s tires at home. Laura calls the police about the incident, and suspects Farley as the culprit. He later tells her he feels awful about what happens. She sarcastically replies "I bet you do", he then confronts her on her suspicions, warning her that if she sends any cops around him, it will mean trouble. Laura goes to KEI\'s management and files a formal complaint, but they prove to be of little help to her, believing that Farley liked her because she smiles at him. However, management instructs Farley to leave her alone. Eventually, Richard enrolls in the same aerobics class as Laura, much to her frustration, explaining that management told him to leave her alone at work, but cannot control him outside of work. While working on a new closet for his landlady and co-worker Nancy Hammond , Richard is confronted by Nancy, who says very gently that Laura is not interested in him. Richard persists however and photographs Laura from the yard in front of her house, and seemingly shows up everywhere she goes. With the harassment increasing, Laura and her roommate move away to a new apartment. In spite of the move, Richard breaks into Laura\'s office and discovers her new address, as well as her family records. He confronts her at the offices and threatens to go after her sisters if she does not learn to accept that she "is meant for him". Her horror only worsens at Christmas when Laura goes home to Virginia to be with her family, and receives a gift from Richard. It is a doctored photograph of the two of them together on "their summer vacation". Grief-stricken, Laura confesses the situation to her family, who insist that they help her get out of this before it boils over. Laura refuses their help, insisting that she loves her job and will not let Farley intimidate her. However, she files a second complaint to K.E.I.\'s management, only to find herself at square one once again. At a restaurant, Laura is in the women\'s washroom when Farley barges in and angrily accuses Laura of thinking he is a joke. She corrects him, he then angrily says "don\'t talk down to me" and violently smashes the bathroom mirror and threatens her for not accepting his advances. He asks her if she is resisting his advances because she wants to "win", she then corrects him again, saying she merely wants him to leave her alone. Laura reports the incident, and the work force managers confront Farley on his actions, who insist that his frequent harassment is illegal. Unfazed, Richard declares that he will kill anyone who attempts to interfere with his "private relationships", and is fired for this death threat. Angered at the loss of his job, Farley seriously considers the fulfillment of his previous threats. In the months that follow, Richard gets a new job at a rival company, but the harassment continues on an irregular basis. Laura starts dating Sam Waters , who fears for Laura\'s safety. To protect her, he teaches her how to use a gun for self-defense, and promises to take it back if she finds herself uncomfortable with the weapon. That night, Richard breaks into her garage and leaves a note on her windshield. Laura confronts him and he casually brushes it off with yet another advance. Laura almost draws the gun from behind her back, but ultimately relents. At work, Laura receives a major promotion but can\'t get it because of improper clearance. Thinking it to be because of Richard\'s harassment, Chris suggests that Laura get a restraining order against Richard. Laura follows through and Farley receives the order from the court. Enraged at this turn of events, Farley decides it is time to get even with Laura. He sells his pickup to a co-worker and purchases an RV, as well as several shotguns and over 2000 rounds of ammunition. At work, Laura is anxious about her upcoming court appearance to make the restraining order against Farley permanent. That afternoon, Farley drives up in front of the K.E.I. offices in his RV, and loads up several shotguns and revolvers with ammunition, as well as several explosives. Upon exiting the RV, Farley advances on the building, and shoots one of his co-workers with a shotgun. He then blasts his way through the lobby firing at random employees, who run for cover and call the police. Farley advances up the stairwell where he shoots two unsuspecting employees, and then blasts his way into the secure offices. Panic ensues as all personnel flee the building and take cover in their offices, with several more being gunned down by Farley. Among Richard\'s victims is Glenda, who pleads for her life as Farley blasts her through an office window, killing her. Hearing the gunshots, Laura calls for security when Richard bursts into her office and takes aim. Laura ducks for cover but is shot in the left shoulder, and collapses to the floor unconscious. Farley continues his rampage, blasting at employees, computers, and offices as he holes himself up inside the building. The police and several SWAT units arrive and evacuate the building, and surround the compound with snipers and riflemen. The police soon receive a positive identification on Farley, and discover his evident obsession with Laura, who is still trapped in the building with dozens of hostages. Hostage negotiator Lt. Grijalva  soon arrives on the scene to negotiate with Farley while the police keep an eye on the building. Meanwhile, Laura makes her way through the ransacked offices, finding the bodies of several of her co-workers as she tries to control the blood loss in her shoulder. She finds two of her surviving co-workers, who nurse her wounds while taking cover from Farley. Meanwhile, Grijalva contacts Richard and proceeds to negotiate a hopeful surrender, while also dissuading him from shooting any more employees. Richard remains stubborn, however, and attempts to make out Laura as the guilty party for refusing to go out with him, and insists that she was the one messing with him. Determined to escape, Laura flees the building despite protests from her two friends, who remain behind taking cover. Laura narrowly avoids Farley\'s watch as she escapes outside. Laura is rushed to a hospital for surgery, all the while blaming herself for the unfolding horror. Farley continues to hole himself up inside the building, at one point executing one of his surviving victims and unknowingly shooting Chris, who was hiding in the washrooms. However, Nancy survives the rampage and Richard allows her to leave unharmed. Grijalva keeps Richard calm by advising that all SWAT teams retreat from the building perimeter, and distracts Farley as they go in to evacuate the remaining survivors. Farley, exhausted and thinking that he will die, demands a sandwich and a diet cola from Togo\'s while he considers surrendering. The police agree to provide him with the food if he ditches some of his weapons through a window, all the while keeping sniper teams on watch. Hours later, the police produce the food and Farley is given the all-clear to ditch his weapons, but is soon informed that they still don\'t have the means to get the food to him. Grijalva suggests that he surrender and have the food outside. Finally Farley, overcome with exhaustion and dehydration, agrees to surrender to the police. At the hospital, Laura receives life-saving surgery and is placed in the intensive-care unit, where she is reunited with her roommate. At the K.E.I. offices the SWAT team, not taking any chances, converge on the main lobby as they await Farley. Richard surrenders unarmed, and is swiftly apprehended by the police, seemingly unconcerned by the carnage he has caused. The SWAT team evacuates the last remaining hostages and rescue the injured Chris, who glares at Richard as he is taken to an ambulance. Lt. Grijalva arrives with Richard\'s food, at which time Richard asks if Laura will remember all this. Evidently disgusted with Richard\'s cruelty, Grijalva silently leaves the food in the car as the police arrest Farley and escort him to prison.'] ['{{Expand section}} The film follows a divorced couple living in modern-day China who discover that their daughter is dying of leukemia. Doctors inform them, however, that the child can only be saved with stem cells from an umbilical cord of a sibling. Unfortunately both parents have since remarried. The film follows the emotional strain that this development brings to both marriages.'] ['The story follows the harsh rugged life of a poor fisherman on a small island off the Dalmatian coast of Italy. In a desperate effort to improve the lives of his family he begins to fish illegally using bombs instead of relying on nets. However this method invokes the hatred of the other fishermen and finally results in tragedy.'] ['Prince Wolfram  is the betrothed of mad Queen Regina V of Kronberg . On maneuvers, as punishment for partying with other women, he sees Kitty Kelly  walking with the other students of a convent. Enthralled by her beauty, he kidnaps her that night from the convent, takes her to his room and professes his love for her. When the Queen finds them together the next morning, she whips Kelly and throws her out of the castle. Regina then puts Wolfram in prison for not wanting to marry the Queen. Kelly goes to German East Africa to visit her dying aunt and is forced to marry the disgusting Jan. The aunt dies after the wedding and Kelly refuses to live with Jan, becoming the head of her aunt\'s brothel. Her extravagances and style earn her the name "Queen Kelly".'] ["The film's plot is quite different from the book. Set during the Depression, it starts with Dove and Kitty leaving Texas for New Orleans. Dove is hoping to find his lost love Hallie. After Kitty steals from the café, Dove makes things right with the owner, who lets him stay while he searches for Hallie. He finds Hallie at the Doll House, a 1930's New Orleans bordello, where Jo is the madam. We learn later that Jo's husband had lost his legs in an accident, after which Jo lost interest in him. It is subtly implied that there is a lesbian relationship between Jo and Hallie, because Hallie enjoys the support of Jo to pursue her interest in sculpting, but it is clear that Hallie works for Jo as a prostitute like the others. The relationship is not loving, more possessive. Annoyed with Dove, and using the accusation that he brought underage Kitty across state lines and raped her, Jo tries to force him to leave without Hallie. In the end, in a struggle at the café, an accidental gunshot kills Hallie."] ['Unemployed teenager Grace Cuthberston meets the mysterious Gerald Hutchinson; the two eventually become lovers. Gerald then claims to be Christ, and Grace has to determine whether he is mad and if there is a reason for the coincidences and "miracles" that seem to be happening.'] ["Bill Dancer  and his young companion Curly Sue  are the archetypal homeless folks with hearts of gold. Their scams are aimed not at turning a profit, but at getting enough to eat. After moving from Detroit to Chicago, the duo tricks the rich and beautiful divorce lawyer Grey Ellison  into believing she backed her Mercedes into Bill, in hopes of a free meal. When Grey accidentally collides with Bill for real, she insists on putting the two up for the night, even over the objections of her snotty fiance Walker . After a confrontation with Bill exposing the truth of the con, Grey lets them stay for as long as they need to when she understands the precarious position the homeless pair are in. One night, Bill tells Grey that he's not Sue's father, he met Sue's mother one night in Florida. After Sue's mother died, Bill raised her himself, growing to love her like his own, thus when they lost their home and money, Bill couldn't find it in his heart to give Sue up and put her into an orphanage, so he took Sue with him. Grey, thinking Bill has been neglecting and abusing Sue by using her in his cons and scams, suggests Sue stay with her when he leaves, but this only angers Bill, who says that after all the years he's looked after her, if he gave up Sue now, people would make fun of her wellbeing. He tells her that he is not neglecting or abusing Sue; he cares about Sue and his cons are to provide for Sue. As they get to know each other, Bill becomes convinced that this is where Curly Sue belongs - in a home, cared for by someone that can give her the advantages that his homeless, nomadic existence lacks. He strives to give her the life she deserves, altering his own life to meet those standards."] ['Just before the French Revolution, Henriette takes her close adopted sister, Louise, to Paris in the hope of finding a cure for her blindness. She promises Louise that she will not marry until she could see to approve her husband. Lustful aristocrat de Praille  meets the two outside Paris. Taken by the virginal Henriette\'s beauty, he has her abducted and brought to his estate where a lavish party is being held, leaving Louise helpless in the big city. An honorable aristocrat, the Chevalier de Vaudrey helps Henriette to escape de Praille and his guests by successfully fighting a duel with him. The scoundrel Mother Frochard, seeing an opportunity to make money, tricks Louise into her underground house to be kept prisoner. Unable to find Louise with the help of the Chevalier, Henriette rents a room, but before leaving her de Vaudrey comforts and kisses the distressed woman. Later, Henriette gives shelter to admirable politician Danton, who after an attack by Royalist spies following a public speech falls for her. As a result, she runs foul of the radical revolutionary Robespierre, a friend of Danton. Mother Forchard forces Louise into begging. Meanwhile, de Vaudrey visits Henriette with a proposal of marriage, and she refuses him. After expressing love for each other, he promises Henriette that Louise will be found. King Louis XVI orders Henriette to be arrested, due to his disapproval of de Vaudrey\'s choice of wife, and the Chevalier is also sent away, while his Aunt visits Henriette. During the meeting, Louise is heard singing outside, where Frochard has told her to walk blindly and sing. Henriette calls out from her upstairs balcony, but the panicked Louise is dragged off by Frochard and Henriette is arrested and sent to a women\'s prison. Louise and Frochard\'s begging continues with the other two Frochards, and before long the Revolution begins. A battle between the Royalist soldiers and the people allied with the police, who are successful, results in aristocrats being killed and the prisoners of the "Tyrants"  being freed. A people\'s \'rag-tag\' government is formed, and Forget-not takes his revenge against de Praille. Robespierre and Forget-not send Henriette and her lover, the Chevalier de Vaudrey, to the guillotine, for hiding de Vaudrey, an aristocrat, who returned to Paris to find her. However, Danton manages to obtain a pardon for them. After a race through the streets of Paris he just manages to save Henriette and offers her to the Chevalier, when the two orphans unite. A doctor restores Louise\'s sight, she approves marriage between Henriette and the Chevalier, and a better organized Republic forms in France.'] ['Francesca Cunningham  is a suicidal, silent, mental patient under the care of Dr. Larsen . Via hypnosis Larsen leads her to describe her life history so he can investigate the events that brought her to attempt suicide. The film largely consists of a series of flashbacks in which Francesca talks about her life, removing successive “veils” to recover memories. Only her second cousin and guardian Nicholas, a crippled musician , is interested in her. Nicholas though is a bitter man, faintly jealous of her talent and very misogynistic because of his relationship with his mother, but a divine music teacher who encourages her to excel but also to avoid all emotional entanglements. While at the Royal College of Music Peter ([[Hugh McDermott , an American studying in London, becomes romantically interested in her. Although she is initially unresponsive, Francesca and Peter become engaged, but she has not yet reached her majority, then 21, and Nicholas withholds his consent. He insists they leave for Paris in the morning; she completes her education, and begins her career, on the continent. Years pass. Nicholas and Francesca return to Britain when she is invited to perform at the Royal Albert Hall, but she discovers Peter has married someone else. An artist, Maxwell Leyden , is invited to paint her portrait by Nicholas; they soon fall in love and agree to live together. Still apparently her guardian, Nicholas becomes angry at the news and strikes her hands with his cane while she plays. She flees from him, but while with Max, is involved in a serious car accident where she suffers burns to her hands. Francesca becomes convinced she will never play again. After therapy, now cured according to Dr Larsen, Francesca finds Nicholas is her real love rather than Peter  or Max.'] ["Pat McGinnis  murders a policeman and escapes by committing a more minor crime, for which he is arrested and jailed. An innocent man, Michael O'Keefe , is convicted of the murder and sentenced to death. While delirious after an injury, McGinnis confesses to priest Father Loma . Loma, whose flock includes McGinnis's girlriend Molly Sullivan  as well as the O'Keefe clan, struggles to find a way to save O'Keefe without violating the sanctity of confession. He must convince McGinnis to give himself up."] ['Wallace Beery plays eternally inebriated ex-veterinarian Tom Terry. An aspiring jockey Mickey  idolizes Tom, who reciprocates by passing along horsemanship advice to the kid. The film\'s dramatic high point is where Tom, judgement benumbed by years of alcohol abuse, tries to pull himself long enough to perform a delicate operation on Mickey\'s beloved horse Lady-Q. The film culminates in a big horse race, with Mickey and Tom laying their hopes on the "long shot."'] ['Set in French Equatorial Africa, the film tells the story of Morel , a crusading environmentalist who sets out to preserve the elephants from extinction as a lasting symbol of freedom for all humanity. He is helped by Minna , a nightclub hostess, and Forsythe , a disgraced British military officer hoping to redeem himself.'] ["Min , who is part of a Cantonese street opera troupe and a part-time cover artiste, meets Kit , a struggling jazz musician who has just broken up with his celebrity singer girlfriend . Through her bubbly personality, she affects Kit for the better. However, just as their relationship begins to stabilize and win acceptance from Min's family, which includes a strict mother and a doting, saxophone-playing uncle, Min is re-diagnosed with bone cancer, which she had once suffered as a young child."] ["On a foggy night, Jean , an army deserter, catches a ride to the port city of Le Havre. Hoping to start over, Jean finds himself in a lonely bar at the far edge of town. But, while getting a good meal and civilian clothes, Jean meets Nelly , a 17 year-old who has run away from her godfather, Zabel, who she lives with. Jean and Nelly spend time together over the following days, but they are often interrupted by Zabel who is also in love with her, and Lucien, a gangster who is looking for Nelly's ex-boyfriend, Maurice, who has recently gone missing. When Nelly finds out that her godfather killed Maurice out of jealousy, she uses the information to blackmail him and prevent him from telling the police that Jean is a deserter. While the two are in love, Jean must leave Nelly behind and makes plans to leave on a boat for Venezuela. At the last minute Jean decides to turn around and saves Nelly from the hands of Zabel, but gets shot in the back by Lucien."] ["In 1894, poor but arrogant Brant Royle  returns to his hometown of Kingsmont, North Carolina, to settle his recently deceased uncle's estate. Years before, he had been driven out by powerful tobacco plantation owner Major Singleton  for daring to fall in love with Singleton's daughter Margaret . When Royle stops a runaway carriage bearing Margaret, she gives him a cool reception, but his ardor remains undiminished. The only one glad to see him is Sonia Kovac , who has always made it plain she loves him. Upon inheriting her mother's house, she prospered by turning it into a bordello. Meanwhile, inventor John Barton  is unable to interest Major Singleton in financing the building of his revolutionary cigarette rolling machine. Singleton and all the other growers are cigar men. After Barton sees the hatred between Singleton and Royle, he approaches Royle. With only a few dollars to his name, Royle gets the money Barton needs from Sonia, making her a partner. The first man he hires is Chris Malley , a medicine showman. Barton's invention produces cigarettes at a fraction of the cost of hand rolling, and Royle's company grows by leaps and bounds. One by one, Royle destroys the plantation owners, until only Singleton is left. Finally, Royle shows the Major that he has gained control of Singleton's company, having bought up all the shares that Singleton has been selling. Royle offers to give them back ... as a wedding present. When Singleton discovers that Margaret is willing to marry Royle despite not loving him, he challenges the upstart to a duel. Royle declines, but Singleton shoots and slightly wounds the unarmed man. His public disgrace and loss of honor leads him to commit suicide. Margaret marries Royle and they honeymoon abroad. Chris Malley, now Royle's second in command, discovers that Margaret has been selling millions of dollars worth of stock that her husband gave her and that she also gave Barton, forced out of the company by Royle, the idea to leak information to the Attorney General, leading to monopoly charges. When Royle confronts Margaret, she tells him she had been scheming and planning to bring him down ever since her father killed himself. Realizing too late that he has alienated all his true friends, he apologizes to Sonia and leaves town."] ['Englishman A.J. Fothergill  is recruited by Colonel Forrester  to spy on Russia for the British government because he can speak the language fluently. As "Peter Ouranoff", he infiltrates a revolutionary group led by Axelstein . The radicals try to blow up General Gregor Vladinoff ([[Herbert Lomas , the father of Alexandra . When the attempt fails, the would-be assassin is shot, but manages to reach Peter\'s apartment, where he dies. For his inadvertent involvement, Peter is sent to Siberia.  World War I makes Alexandra a widow and brings the Bolsheviks to power, freeing Peter and Axelstein. When the Russian Civil War breaks out, Alexandra is arrested for being an aristocrat, and Peter is assigned by now-Commissar Axelstein to take her to Petrograd to stand trial. However, Peter instead takes her to the safety of the White Army. Their relief is short-lived; the Red Army defeats the White the next day and Alexandra is taken captive once more. Peter steals a commission as a commissar of prisons from a drunk and uses the document to free her. The two, now deeply in love, flee into the forest. Later, they catch a train. At a railway station, the countess is identified by one Communist official, but another, Poushkoff , an overly sensitive young man, is entranced by Alexandra\'s beauty. Insisting that her identity be verified, he arranges to take her and Fothergill to Samara. Along the way, they become good friends, but Poushkoff becomes overwrought after drinking too much brandy with dinner aboard the train. He then allows the couple to escape at a stop, committing suicide to provide a diversion. The lovers board a barge traveling down the Volga River. Alexandra becomes seriously ill. When Peter goes for a doctor, he is arrested by the Whites for not having papers. Meanwhile, a Red Cross doctor finds Alexandra and takes her for treatment. About to be executed, Peter makes a break for it and catches the Red Cross train transporting Alexandra out of Russia.'] [' Georges Iscovescu  recounts his story to a Hollywood film director at Paramount. He is a Romanian-born gigolo who arrived in a Mexican border town seeking entry to the United States. He waits out the eight year waiting period with other hopeful immigrants in the Esperanza Hotel. After six months he is broke and unhappy. He runs into his former professional "dance partner" Anita Dixon  who explains she obtained US residency by marrying an American, who she then quickly divorced. Georges therefore seeks an American wife, soon targeting visiting school teacher Miss Emmy Brown . They marry the same day. Emmy unexpectedly returns a few days later, but immigration inspector Hammock  appears, hunting for con artists such as Georges. In order to evade Hammock, Georges drives Emmy to a small village, where they participate in romantic traditional rituals for newlyweds. Georges becomes increasingly bothered by his conscience as he sees how happy and unsuspecting Emmy is. Iscovescu develops genuine affection for Emmy. However this jeopardizes the plans of Anita, long in love with Georges, for them to work together in the US. Anita informs Emmy of the entire scheme. Emmy does not turn him in when questioned by Hammock, but nevertheless leaves Georges. Returning to the US she is seriously injured in a car accident. A distraught Georges learns of this and jeopardizes his imminent US visa by illegally entering the country to go to Emmy. On hearing his voice she begins to emerge from her coma. Georges sees police arriving so leaves for Paramount, where Hammock catches up with him. Some weeks later Hammock returns to the Border town. Anita has a new sugar daddy. Hammock tells Georges that he didn\'t report Georges illegal entry and his visa has been approved. In addition Emmy has recovered and is at the border to meet him. Georges sees Emmy happily waving to him from across the border and goes to meet her.'] [" A melodrama about a housemaid who bears her employer's illegitimate daughter. The daughter visits her father on his deathbed, unable to tell him she is his daughter.Synopsis from {{cite web}}"] ["Arlene Bradford  is a spoiled, bored, wealthy socialite who finances her extravagant lifestyle by exploiting her fiancé Spencer Carlton's  access to her stepfather's brokerage firm and using her connection to steal security bonds for crime boss Jake Bello . When she disappears, her sister Val  steps in to discover what happened to her with the help of society reporter Tony Sterling ([[Donald Woods  and photojournalist Izzy Wright ."] ["The story introduces Duff Anderson on the railroad, playing checkers with his rail worker friends, at a pool hall, and on the street at night. At church, Duff meets Josie Dawson, a very grounded woman. They begin to date, against the will of Preacher Dawson . Duff then realizes that he prefers the stability and love of a wife as opposed to brute freedom. The two marry and begin to face a series of challenges as a married couple. Duff's past is constantly lingering and creates difficulty in their lives. Duff has a son who is nearly four who stays with a nanny; he also has an unfamiliar drunkard of a father. The plot unfolds as Duff faces racism, unemployment, social barriers, illegitimate children, and his drunken father at the side of his caring wife. Duff and his wife get into a fight because of the emotional and physical trials Duff faces. Duff storms off to his father, who is so inebriated, that he dies as Duff is driving him to the hospital. The film concludes as Duff finally gains the courage to return home with his son and he reassures his wife that everything is “gonna be all right”."] ["At 40, businesswoman Jane Vale  falls in love with a much younger Robert Elliott , a employee from her factory. She promotes him to the position of her private secretary, and out of gratitude and to defend her reputation from rumors, he asks her to marry him. However, before the marriage can take place, Jane's younger sister Dorothy  returns home from college and Robert and Dorothy fall in love. Lacking the courage to confess to Jane of his love for her sister, Robert marries Jane. Robert finds that the difference in ages between him and Jane are creating complications. When Jane realizes that Robert, though diligently attentive as a husband, is actually in love with her sister, she pretends that she has fallen out of love with him and seeks a divorce."] ['Three years after the death of a young man, Liam Lombard , the story flashes forward to assess the toll it has taken on his parents, brother, and ex-girlfriend, all set against the backdrop of suburban Sydney. Jordan Lombard  is a broken man, now hideously obese and unable to function. His once happy marriage is skidding hopelessly out of control. His wife Penelope  is trapped in routine, devoid of self respect. Her pain only deepens with the onset of menopause. This humilation has driven her straight into the arms of another, younger, man. Their surviving son Ben  has developed a peculiar relationship with the local boy Matt . Though an unlikely pair, a romance has began to blossom. As Ben’s sexuality comes further into question, he turns his attentions to the girl next-door Indigo , his dead brothers former lover. Never quite the same since his death, her destructive relationship with a married man, Greg , is fading as is her relationship with her mother Jackie . As Ben sets out to woo her in his own twisted fashion, including dressing like an old neighbour, Indigo comes to find he might be her one true friend. Then history repeats. Jordan suffers a heart attack, shaking his family to their core. In the middle of a night, three years on from the death of her son, Penelope fights for her husband at a hospital bedside. Desperate to reclaim his life, Jordan races to quit his oppressive job in spectacular and uncharacteristic fashion on his bosses doorstep. When Jordan finally gets home that night – he crumbles in his wife’s arms - a second chance now awarded. Meanwhile, Ben makes his way to a lonely bus, planning to skip the city with Indigo. While there, he impulsively reaches over and kisses her, hoping all his questions might finally be answered. But there’s nothing. Liam is no longer the driving force of their lives. So as Ben races off to Matt, Penelope kisses her loving husband goodnight and Indigo begins her adventure from the back seat of a bus, they all finally see a road promised ahead, one with hope and the lessons learnt of living.http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0448205/synopsis'] ["A young boy named Deepak  is a student in a college, where he falls in love with a beautiful girl named Jyoti . Jyoti ignores Deepak until he impresses her with a song, where she is impressed and the two fall in love. The two get married and Deepak starts searching for a job of an architect. He gets the job and becomes an architect. His friend, Madan works in a bank. Pradeep Singh  is a rich man, who has an account in Madan's bank. He has to go abroad, so he gives Rs. 25 Lacs to Madan and tells him that he can give him the money back after five years. Deepak offers Madan to use the money and improve his life, but Madan refuses, so Deepak takes the money himself and buys himself and Jyoti, a big bungalow. The two go to casino, where Deepak wins casino and earns lots of money. They decide to play a bigger game, where Deepak and Jyoti lose more money. A rich businessman named Prakash  offers Jyoti to play casino for him and she wins the casino. Prakash and Deepak make friends and he invites them to his birthday, where he sings a song for them. Deepak and Prakash are playing snooker, where Deepak tells Prakash about his problem until Prakash offers Deepak to give him money, if Jyoti sleeps with him for one night. Deepak sells the bungalow to a dealer. On his way back to home, he sits in a taxi, where the taxi driver and some of his friends fight Deepak and snatch his money. He goes back home at night and he tells Jyoti about the incident. At morning, when Deepak wakes up, Jyoti is not at home. When Jyoti returns to home, Deepak asks her where she had gone. She tells him that she has slept with Prakash, which causes Deepak and Jyoti to quarrel with each other and suddenly Jyoti leaves Deepak. Jyoti begins working in an estate agency, where she finds Prakash and the two become friends. Deepak earns a lot of money in his job and returns the 25 Lac Rs. to his friend Madan. One day, Prakash invites Jyoti to a house, where he tries to rape her until Deepak rescues her from Prakash and almost kills him until Jyoti stops Deepak from killing him. Jyoti and Deepak are together again and Prakash tells his uncle  that he had to do it because he wanted Deepak and Jyoti to become a couple again."] ['A young journalist presses an old artist  to show portrait of a naked indigenous woman that he has in his study. The body of the movie is a flashback to Xochimilco, Mexico, in 1909. The film is set right before the Mexican Revolution, and Xochimilco is an area with beautiful landscapes inhabited mostly by indigenous people.{{cite book}} The viewer learns that the woman in the painting is María Candelaria , a young Indian woman who is constantly rejected by her own people for being the daughter of a prostitute. She and her lover, Lorenzo Rafael , face constant struggles throughout the film. They are honest and hardworking, yet nothing ever goes right for them. Don Damian , a jealous Mestizo store owner who wants María for himself, prevents them from getting married. He kills a piglet that María and Lorenzo plan to sell for profit and he refuses to buy vegetables from them. When María falls ill with malaria, Don Damian refuses to give the couple the quinine medicine necessary to fight the disease. Lorenzo breaks into his shop to steal the medicine, and he also takes a wedding dress for María. Lorenzo goes to prison for stealing, and María agrees to model for the painter to pay for his release. The artist begins painting a portrait of María, but when he asks her to pose nude she refuses. The artist finishes the painting with the nude body of another woman. When the people of Xochimilco see the painting, they assume it is María Candelaria and stone her to death.{{cite book}}'] [' When martial law is declared in Russia, all Jews are restricted to their villages. The authorities are unsympathetic to Marya  when she wants to travel to see her dying father. Marya learns that a card, called "the yellow ticket", is issued to prostitutes, allowing them to travel freely. Marya gets a yellow ticket. In St. Petersburg, Baron Andrey , a corrupt police official, prevents his lecherous nephew, Captain Nikolai, from forcing himself on Marya. She meets Julian , a British journalist, and tells him about injustices the government has kept him from learning about, including the yellow ticket. When Julian\'s articles are published, Andrey, a womanizer, guesses that Marya has been giving him information.'] ["One day, Terry Parker, an airplane pilot is in a plane crash that kills his family. He feels guilty for their death and feels like he should have died in the crash as well. Terry continues to get into trouble until his friend, Walter Pritcham, known as Gibraltar for his steady nature, brings him to a party. Terry meets the beautiful Amy Prentiss and they both fall in love. Terry realizes that Amy is Gibraltar's girl and tries to leave Amy, but Gibraltar reunites the couple wanting Amy to be happy. Amy and Terry get married and Gibraltar gives them a house in the country on Long Island. Terry is unemployed for some time until he get the idea to fly commuters into New York. However, Amy believes that Terry will not act responsibly and leaves him. Gibraltar tries to get Amy to go back to Terry, but she refuses. Terry is in a car crash and Amy and Gibraltar rush to see him. Terry and Amy realize that they do love each other and vow never leave each other ever again.<ref name1022], Turner Classic Movies Website."] ['Sam Dawson , a man with a developmental disability, is the single father of Lucy , following their abandonment by her mother. Despite his limitations, Sam is well-adjusted and has a supportive group of friends with developmental disabilities, as well as a kind, agoraphobic neighbor Annie  who takes care of Lucy when Sam cannot. Though Sam provides a loving and caring environment for precocious Lucy, she soon surpasses his mental ability. Other children tease her for having a "retard" as a father, and she becomes too embarrassed to accept that she is more intellectually advanced than Sam. In preparation for a custody case, a social worker turns up at Lucy\'s birthday party and takes her away, allowing Sam two supervised visits per week. On the advice of his friends, Sam approaches a high-powered lawyer, Rita Harrison , whose brusque manner, fast-paced schedule and difficult personal life have earned her a reputation as cold and unfeeling. In an attempt to prove to others that she is not heartless, Rita surprisingly agrees to take on Sam\'s case pro bono. As they work together to secure Sam\'s parental rights, Sam unwittingly helps Rita with her family problems, including encouraging her to leave her philandering husband and repairing her factious relationship with her son. At the trial, Sam breaks down after opposing counsel convinces him that he is not capable of being a father. After the trial, Lucy resides in a foster home with Randy Carpenter , but tries to convince Sam to help her run away, and continually escapes in the middle of the night to go to Sam\'s apartment, whereupon he immediately returns her. Ultimately, the foster family who planned to adopt Lucy decide to return her to Sam, with an arrangement that Randy will help him raise her. The final scene depicts a soccer game, refereed by Sam, in which Lucy participates as a player. In attendance are the foster family, Sam\'s friendship group, and a newly-single Rita with her son.'] ['The film begins with two recently escaped convicts &mdash; Frank  and Red  &mdash; approach a group of campers. The elder of the pair shoots and kills the campers with single rapidfire shots to the head. D.J. Farraday  discovers that his father, Del , has been having an affair. D.J. asks Del to meet him at the family\'s cabin by the lake, where D.J. intends to confront him about his adultery. When the two arrive at the summer house, they find the younger son, Campbell "Cam" Farraday , already there. Eventually it is revealed that Del had found Cam and his boyfriend, Billy, embracing there at the cabin. Del brutally beat Billy, and father and son have not spoken since. Cam seems determined to leave the confrontational situation. While D.J. is trying to convince Cam to stay and attempt a reconciliation, Cam reveals to him that Billy is dead, and the clear implication is that Cam blames his father for the loss. A short while later, the two escaped convicts show up at the cabin and ask to use the phone, claiming that their car has broken down. Red, who is introduced as Frank\'s adult son, makes a point of taking up the hospitality offered, using that excuse to remain in the house  As the evening progresses Frank seems to be forcing Del into a challenge. Tensions are high, as Frank makes his play for Alpha of the house. At one point, D.J.  goes so far as to suggest that "we all just whip \'em out and get this over with." The police show up looking for the two escaped convicts, and things get tense very quickly. It soon becomes clear that Cam knew the convicts and has had some sort of entanglement with them. From there, the twists and turns begin to thicken, and the onionskin layers of this tale are revealed. The family must reconcile and put aside their issues with each other to deal with the menacing force of Frank.'] ['Marie-Louise  is a woman whose love for her ex-husband will not die. The Lawyer Alexandre  left her, because she attended a few leftist marches and demonstrations. While her daughter Laura  falls in love with Marc , Marie-Louise keeps hoping that Alexandre will come back to her. Laura helps her to fight for love and Marie-Louise is so attached to this idea that when her son  finally convinces her that he will never return, the realization has dire consequences.'] ['The film largely stays true to the plot of the novel. It begins with McGee and his close friend Meyer moored underneath a bridge while fishing, when a young woman  is thrown over it weighted with a cement block wired around her ankles. McGee dives in and saves, only to be surprised when she adamantly insists that there be no contacting the police. She admits that the reason for the murder attempt was her involvement in a prostitution ring and a murder scheme. The trio eventually travels to Nassau to investigate the still-continuing murderers, who work in male/female pairs and lure rich, lonely men traveling on Caribbean cruises in to their confidence. The climax of the story involves McGee and Meyer dismantling the operation.'] ['Agnes , in the midst of a struggle to overcome her own self destructive behaviour, returns to Sydney, Nova Scotia from Toronto, Ontario because of the failing health of her mother Rose . She is met by her older sister Theresa , a devout Catholic who has recently been dumped by her husband for a younger woman, and Louise ([[Stacy Smith , the middle child who has retreated from the outside world. Her arrival sets in motion a chain of events that allows the family to reconnect with the world and one another.'] ['Mom and Dad tells the story of Joan Blake , a young girl who falls for the pilot Jack Griffin . After being sweet talked by Griffin, she has sex with him. The girl requests "hygiene books" from her mother Sarah Blake ; however, the mother refuses because the girl is not yet married. The girl later learns from her father Dan Blake  that the pilot has died in a crash. She tears up a letter she had been writing to him, and lowers her head as the film fades into intermission. The film resumes at the point when the girl discovers that her clothes no longer fit, sending her into a state of despair. She takes advice from her teacher, Carl Blackburn , who had previously been fired for teaching sex education. Blackburn blames her mother for the problem, and accuses her of "neglect[ing] the sacred duty of telling their children the real truth." Only then is the girl able to confront her mother. The film then presents reels and charts that include graphic images of the female anatomy and footage of live births - one natural and one Caesarian. In some screenings, a second film was shown along with Mom and Dad, and contained images portraying syphilis and venereal disease. Mom and Dad is believed to have had a number of endings, although most typically concluded with the birth of the girl\'s child, sometimes stillborn and other times put up for adoption.Schaefer, 200.'] ['Though widowed, ex-cop, Homer,  is a kindly father to his ten-year old son, Rex . He is considered to be something of a bully in the poor Manila neighborhood where he lives. After mistaking a child retrieving a snarled kite for a burglar, Homer kills the boy and then hurriedly tries to cover up his error. Unbeknownst to his dad, Rex witnessed the event, too. As the two separately wrestle with their consciences, the neighbors find out and chaos soon ensues.'] ["Elisabeth  falls in love with Reinhardt , but he leaves their native village to study music, travel the world and build his career as a composer. His most important compositions are inspired by his love for her, Twelve Songs of Elisabeth and Seerosen , but after she visits him on the day of his final examination at the conservatoire and finds a strange woman asleep in his bed, Elisabeth marries Erich , the wealthy heir to the estate of Immensee. Reinhardt returns to win her back, and Erich releases her, telling her that all that he wants is for her to be happy. This causes Elisabeth to realise what love really means and she tells Erich for the first time that she loves him, and remains with him. In the frame story, many years have passed, Erich is dead and Elisabeth and Reinhardt, who is now a renowned composer, meet for tea at his hotel after a performance of his Seerosen; at the end of the film, she tells him she will remain true to Erich and to Immensee, and he leaves for the last time.Jo Fox, Filming Women in the Third Reich, Oxford/New York: Berg, 2000, ISBN 978-1-85973-391-2, pp. 57, 58, 64.David Stewart Hull, Film in the Third Reich: A Study of the German Cinema, 1933–1945, Berkeley, California: University of California, 1969, {{OCLC}}, pp. 216&ndash;17. The film is loosely based on Theodor Storm's novella of the same title.Hull, p. 216.<ref nameZf0FW0fjLNQC&printsecReimer,+Cultural+History+through+a+National+Socialist+Lens&hlX&ei0CDIQ6AEwAA#vabsence%20of%20Elisabeth%20and%20Reinhard%20as%20children&fZf0FW0fjLNQC&printsecReimer,+Cultural+History+through+a+National+Socialist+Lens&hlX&ei0CDIQ6AEwAA#vshared%20fascination%20with%20folkloristic%20elements&fZf0FW0fjLNQC&printsecReimer,+Cultural+History+through+a+National+Socialist+Lens&hlX&ei0CDIQ6AEwAA#vancient%20tones&f=false 94]."] ['Racketeer Patsy Gargan is made deputy commissioner of a reform school as a reward from his corrupt political cronies. Initially, he has no interest in the school, but his sympathy for the boys, who are abused and battered by a brutal, heartless warden and his thuggish guards convince him to take the job seriously. As does an attractive resident nurse named Dorothy. Gargan sends Thompson, the superintendent, on vacation and, while he is gone, puts Dorothy\'s reform ideas into action. The school is functioning well under a system of self-government when Patsy is called back to the city to take care of some political business. Patsy shoots another man during a fight and has to go into hiding. Thompson returns to the school and convinces the boys that Patsy has abandoned them. He then starts running things the old way and, when Dorothy protests over the poor quality of the food served, he fires her. Then one of the boys, Johnny "Skinny" Stone, dies while in solitary confinement and the boys rebel. Thompson is put on trial by the boys, who find him guilty. Thompson, in a panic, jumps out a window to escape. Pursued by the boys, many of whom carry torches, he scrambles up onto the roof of a barn. The boys immediately set fire to the barn. Dorothy, meanwhile, finds Patsy in his hideout and tells him the whole story. Patsy races back to the school to restore order, but Thompson is dead, having fallen from the roof of the barn. At the picture\'s end, Patsy decides to give up his political career and stay at the school permanently.'] ["Breaking the Waves tells the story of Bess McNeill, a pretty young Scottish woman with a history of psychological problems. She marries Norwegian oil rig worker Jan, despite the apprehensions of her community and Calvinist church.  Bess is somewhat simple and childlike in her beliefs. During her regular visits to the church, she prays to God and believes God answers through her using her voice. Bess has difficulty living without Jan when he is away on the oil platform. Jan makes occasional phone calls to Bess in which they express their love and sexual desires. Bess grows impatient and prays for his immediate return. The next day, Jan is paralysed from an industrial accident and is flown back to the mainland. Bess believes her prayer was the reason the accident occurred. No longer able to perform sexually and mentally affected by the paralysis, Jan asks Bess to find a lover. Bess is devastated and storms out. Jan then attempts to commit suicide and fails. He falls unconscious and is readmitted to hospital. Jan's condition deteriorates and he urges Bess to find and have sex with other men and tell him the details as it will be as if they are together and will keep him alive. Bess begins to believe these actions are the will of God and in accordance with loving Jan. Despite her unwillingness and inner turmoil to be with other men, she perseveres as she believes it is keeping Jan alive."] ["When Wanda Holloway was a teen, her father forbade her to try out for her school's cheerleading team. Many years later, when Wanda had a daughter of her own, she was determined that her daughter would fulfill the dream she was denied and become a cheerleader--which would allow Wanda to make up that part of her childhood by reliving it through her daughter. The film takes place in Channelview, Texas. Wanda enrolls her daughter, Shanna, in various dance and gymnastics classes in order to enhance her prospects of becoming a cheerleader. She forces Shanna to practice for hours on end, despite sickness or injury. Wanda's best friend, Verna Heath, and her daughter, Amber, live next door to the Holloway family. Amber is the same age as Shanna and the two teenagers become friends. Verna had been a successful varsity cheerleader when she was young and holds the same ambition as Wanda for her own daughter. Leading up to the cheer-leading tryouts, jealousy sparks between Wanda and Verna, despite the fact that their daughters' friendship remains solid. In the months prior to the tryouts, Wanda forces Shanna to concentrate completely on cheer-leading. At the tryouts, Amber impresses the judges but Shanna is unable to, despite all of her training. Amber makes the squad and Shanna does not, disappointing both Shanna and Wanda. The fact that Shanna did not make it onto the team causes Amber to end the friendship between Verna and Wanda. Wanda, however, does not give up on seeing her daughter become a cheerleader and decides to try again next year. Every day until next year's try outs, Shanna practices frequently at her mother's command. When the time arrives, Amber makes the team and is even promoted to co-captain, but Shanna is disqualified, due to her mother's attempts to bribe the judges and other students. The shock of her daughter's failure for the second time puts Wanda into a mad fit of rage, anger, and jealousy. Wanda decides that if it was not for Amber, Shanna would have definitely been a cheerleader. She becomes obsessed with the notion that living next door to talented Amber had sapped Shanna's confidence and ruined her chances of success. Wanda meets her brother-in-law Terry to take a hit out on Amber and Verna. However, Terry is horrified by Wanda's hate for a 13-year-old girl. He disagrees with the murder of a young vibrant girl - especially over something as petty as cheer-leading. After the rendezvous, Terry decides to turn in Wanda to the police. He meets Wanda again, this time with a tape recorder in order to obtain proof of Wanda's desire to commit homicide. Terry sends the recorded message, along with background information, to the police. Wanda is arrested and sentenced to 15 years in prison, but is set free when it is discovered that a member of the jury at her trial was on probation. Wanda serves only six months for the attempted murder of Amber. In the end, Shanna decides it would be best to quit trying for the cheerleading team. Presently, Shanna and Wanda reside in California, where Shanna is taking modelling, singing and acting classes. Wanda hopes that one day, her daughter will be a famous Hollywood actress, no matter what it takes."] ['John Finley Horton  is a White American journalist who artificially darkens his skin and passes for a black man in the deep South, from New Orleans to Atlanta, where he encounters a great deal of racism from both white and black peoples.'] ["Waitress Kitty Lane  and wealthy David Livingston  fall in love. However his overly protective mother Helen  does not approve and does everything she can to break them up. She has her friend Judge Forbes  first try bribery; when that fails, he arranges to have her jailed on a bogus morals charge. Meanwhile, Mrs. Livingston convinces her son that Kitty took the $5000 bribe. As the years pass, Kitty becomes a successful showgirl, with numerous admirers, while David is a doctor. When their paths cross again, their love is rekindled, though Kitty is skeptical of David's resolve in the face of his mother's unwavering opposition. David finally convinces her to marry him. Alarmed, Mrs. Livingston goes to see Kitty. She begs her to break off the engagement, fearing her son's career will be ruined, but Kitty is unmoved. In desperation, the distraught mother pulls out a gun. Kitty manages to take it away from the confused woman, but is touched by her pleas. When David shows up, Mrs. Livingston hides while Kitty puts on an act, pretending that she only agreed to marry him to get back at his mother. David is finally convinced, but then a repentant Mrs. Livingston stops him from leaving and confesses the truth."] ["The narrator, Astrid Magnussen , is the 15-year-old daughter of a free-spirited artist, Ingrid . Since her father left before she was old enough to remember him, Astrid depends heavily upon the maternal care of her passionate but largely self-centered mother. Ingrid's current relationship, with a vulgar man named Barry , comes to an end when he is discovered to be cheating on her with younger women, and her emotional response leads her to murder him using poison . Ingrid is arrested and sentenced to life in prison, leaving Astrid without parents and in need of foster care. Astrid is sent to live with foster mother Starr Thomas ([[Robin Wright , a former stripper and born-again Christian who is a recovering alcoholic. Though they initially interact well, Starr begins to suspect that Astrid is having an affair with her live-in boyfriend, which turns out to be true. Eventually, after a loud argument with her boyfriend, Starr enters Astrid's room in a blind and jealous rage and shoots her. After spending some time in a violent group foster home, Astrid is then given into the care of former actress Claire Richards , a sweet and affectionate woman who initially provides stability for Astrid. Upon accompanying Astrid to see her mother in prison, however, Claire's weaknesses are seized upon by the jealous Ingrid, and she ultimately commits suicide by overdosing on pills and alcohol, suspecting that her husband Mark  is having an affair and is going to divorce her. Astrid then chooses to live with a Russian immigrant, Rena , who treats her foster children as cheap laborers. As Ingrid's appeal for release approaches, she tries to bribe Astrid to testify that she did not murder Barry. In a newfound position of power, Astrid demands answers from her mother as to their past, leading to the revelation that Ingrid abandoned Astrid with a babysitter called Annie for over a year when she was younger, a move that clearly gave rise to feelings of abandonment in Astrid's childhood. Eventually, having reluctantly agreed to testify, Astrid learns from her mother's lawyer that the appeal has been denied, because Ingrid refused to let Astrid's testimony be heard, a final act of love from a difficult but ultimately loving mother. Newly emancipated, Astrid forges a new adult life in New York with Paul Trout , a young man she met in the group home."] ['A poor couple wants to have a boy but instead they get a girl. A boy is born afterwards but something terrible happens, which ruins the relationship between mother and daughter.'] ['Fontaine Khaled is the London wife of a wealthy but boring businessman. She spends his money on her nightclub, Hobo, and partying. She hires a manager, Tony, to run her club, but it is understood that his job security is dependent on him satisfying her nymphomaniac demands. Tony loses interest in Fontaine, and turns his attention to her young stepdaughter, who uses him to get back at Fontaine for cheating on her father. Fontaine then dumps Tony. At the end of the film she is divorced by her husband for adultery. The film featured a famous pool orgy scene which was supposed to be set in Paris but was actually filmed in a health club in Covent Garden. In one scene Collins was shown naked on a swing. The film was banned or cut in many countries.'] ['Margaret Hall  and her family live a seemingly upper middle class life in Tahoe City, California. Her husband is a pilot on the aircraft carrier USS Constellation. She is startled to discover that her son Beau , a high school senior, has been having a sexual affair with 30 year-old Reno, Nevada night club owner Darby Reese . Margaret visits Reese\'s nightclub, The Deep End, to demand that he stay away from her son. That night, Reese secretly visits Beau and the two meet in the boathouse. Beau confronts him about asking his mother for money. The two argue, eventually coming to blows. As Beau returns to the house, Reese leans on a railing, causing it to collapse, and falls into the water, impaling himself on an anchor. The next morning, Margaret discovers Reese\'s body on the beach. Margaret removes the body and dumps it in a cove but it is soon discovered and the police investigate it as a homicide. Soon after, a man named Alek Spera  confronts Margaret with a tape of Darby and Beau having sex. Alek demands $50,000 in 24 hours or he will turn the tape over to the police, which would implicate Beau in Reese\'s "murder". Margaret struggles unsuccessfully to get the money. Alek calls Margaret the next day and tells her that she needs to get only $25,000 but Alek\'s partner, Nagle is convinced she is lying about not being able to raise the money. Nagle corners and beats Margaret but Alek arrives and the two men scuffle, and Alek strangles Nagle. Margaret attempts to take responsibility for Nagle\'s death, but Alek takes the body away in Nagle\'s car. As Margaret and her son drive looking for Nagle\'s car, they see it overturned in a ditch. Margaret attempts to free Alek, who is critically injured. Alek pleads with her to leave before the police arrive. Margaret stays until Alek dies. Back at home, Margaret, in a state of distress, is comforted by Beau. The camera then pulls back, as the scene shifts to the exterior of the house, the audience hears another phone call coming in from the absent husband, which Beau\'s sister answers. The Halls\' normal life resumes.'] ["An idealistic young medical student named Martin Arrowsmith  makes a favorable impression on Dr. Max Gottlieb . When Arrowsmith graduates, Gottlieb offers him a position as his research assistant, but the young man reluctantly has to turn him down. He has fallen in love with nurse Leora , and the salary is not enough to support the couple. Instead, he marries Leora and sets up his medical practice in her rural home town. One day, he develops a serum to cure a fatal cow disease ravaging the nearby herds. Reinvigorated, he decides to join Gottlieb at the McGurk Institute in New York. Meanwhile, Leora miscarries and, to the couple's sorrow, is unable to have any more children, so she devotes herself to supporting her husband's mission. When there is an outbreak of bubonic plague in the West Indies, Gottlieb believes that Arrowsmith's experience with his cow serum would prove invaluable. Eager to help mankind, Arrowsmith goes to a Caribbean island to work with scientist Gustav Sondelius ([[Richard Bennett  in his struggle to save the natives. Leora accompanies him, despite his fear for her safety. Sir Robert Fairland  refuses to let him give his serum to only half the people and give the other half a placebo in order to test the effectiveness of the cure. Howard University-educated Dr. Oliver Marchand  offers them the people of his island as test subjects. Among the participants in the experiment is Mrs. Joyce Lanyon , a New Yorker stranded on the island who is attracted to Arrowsmith. Sondelius contracts the disease; just before he dies, he pleads with Arrowsmith to save as many lives as possible by abandoning the scientific protocol. The young doctor becomes worried about his wife. He goes to see her, but too late; she too has succumbed to the plague. Arrowsmith then decides to give the serum to all, saving many lives. On Arrowsmith's return to New York, Dr. Tubbs , the head of the McGurk Institute, is eager to bask in his reflected glory. However, when Gottlieb suffers a stroke during the reception in Arrowsmith's honor, Arrowsmith decides to quit the institute and join his friend and co-worker Terry Wickett  in a makeshift lab doing real research."] ['Stephen "Hannibal" Brooks  is a British prisoner of war officer put to work in a Munich zoo, looking after an Asian elephant called Lucy. When the zoo is bombed by the Americans the zoo\'s director  determines it is unsafe for the elephant to remain there. So he sends Brooks along with hostile German soldier Kurt , a friendly German soldier named Willy  and Vronia, a female cook to accompany the elephant to Innsbruck Zoo via train. They are forced to walk when an SS commander  tells Brooks that the elephant is not allowed on the train. In Austria, Kurt threatens to shoot Lucy whilst drunk and Brooks accidentally kills Kurt. Brooks, Lucy, Willy and Vronia are forced to run towards the Swiss border. They are helped along the way by an American escapee named Packy  who has formed a group of partisans to fight the Germans in Austria, after many run-ins with the Nazis.Half way there, Lucy gets mumps, so Brooks had to get an Austrian doctor  to look after her, whilst Vronia and Willy run to Willy\'s parents house. Vronia and Willy are captured, and later are joined by Brooks. Brooks and Willy are rescued by Packy and continue to race towards Switzerland with Lucy. Unfortunately, along the way Willy is shot by the Nazis whilst helping Brooks to escape. When Brooks gets close to the border with Lucy, he is met with German Col. von Haller , the SS commander who told him to walk to Switzerland and Vronia, who has changed sides after being captured. After another long fight with the Germans, Brooks and Lucy eventually make it to Switzerland with Packy and his partisans.'] ["Caroline Bender  is an ambitious young secretary in a publishing firm who, when jilted, finds consolation in the arms of editor Mike Rice . Gregg Adams  is a typist and an aspiring actress romantically involved with stage director David Savage . When the director dumps her, she is devastated, falls from a fire escape and dies. April Morrison  winds up pregnant, and jumps from a car when her unborn infant's father Dexter Key  urges an abortion. All three women are under the supervision of editor Amanda Farrow , an exacting professional and a frustrated woman who marries, leaves the firm, and returns when she finds the simple life of home and marriage not to her liking."] ['The film opens with Angus Barrie , an Irish Republican Army member, walking through hills, and coming to rest on a beach, where there is a little hut. Meanwhile, Nancy Gulliver  having just left school, burns all her books in happiness. It is her birthday, and her aunt  has invited over Harry , with whom she’s desperately in love, to tea. However, during the course of the film, as a result of Harry’s behaviour with another girl and the way he treats Nancy, she realises that her love for Harry was nothing more than childish infatuation. One day, Nancy goes down to the beach, and notices that her hut has been slept in. She leaves a note requesting that it be left alone. Soon after, she is on the beach reading, when Barrie comes up to her. Over the course of the film, the two develop a relationship, despite her not really knowing and understanding his job: he is one of the first people that became part of a group named the IRA, and is on the run from the government. Nevertheless, she grows fond of Barrie, and dubs him "Cassius"  After Cassius asks her to pass on a message to a colleague, several constables of the Royal Irish Constabulary are gunned down at a horse race show. Later that day, the R.I.C. comes to see Nancy, and ask her if she knows where Cassius is. The police officers\' suspicion is aroused when Nancy\'s grandfather  says he saw her talking to a man on the beach. She denies any knowledge. When they leave, she runs to the cottage on the beach where Cassius was staying to tell him to flee, only to find that he has already packed. As they walk out, a light shines on them: the RIC has found him. He is gunned down, much to Nancy\'s distress. The film ends with Nancy back at home, considerably older and wiser than when the film started.'] ['A skydiving team called the Gypsy Moths visits a small town in Kansas to put on a show: the leader is Mike Rettig , accompanied by his partners, Joe Browdy  and Malcolm Webson ([[Scott Wilson . The skydivers stay at the home of Malcolm\'s uncle and aunt, John and Elizabeth Brandon ([[William Windom . The distractions begin almost immediately. Mike becomes romantically involved with Elizabeth, whose husband overhears her making love with Mike in their home. Malcolm falls for local student Annie Burke , a boarder in the Brandon house. Joe takes an interest in a topless dancer. Mike eventually asks Elizabeth to leave town with him, but she declines. During the next skydiving exhibition, Mike intends to do a spectacular "cape jump" stunt but his rip cord fails to open. Before the team leaves for good, Malcolm is determined to try the cape jump himself.'] ["A variation on Kim's classic The Housemaid . The lives of a composer and his wife, who live on a chicken farm, are thrown into turmoil when a femme fatale joins their household.Synopsis from {{cite web}}"] ['The son of a wealthy Greek immigrant, Nick Stratton  is attempting to find his own way in the world. His father, Pete Stratton  is a self-made millionaire in New York City in the 1950s and important in the Greek immigrant community. Pete loves his son but he tries to buy his love and dominate his life like he does his employees and business associates. Nick struggles to assert his own identity but the family pressure and his love for his Father are very strong. Pete wants Nick to marry a nice Greek girl, the daughter of a business associate but Nick falls in love with Guilietta Cameron . He takes her as his date to his parents\' wedding anniversary full of members of the Greek immigrant community. Pete tells him in no uncertain terms that Guilietta is a prostitute, whose services Pete and many of his friends, who are present at the party, have purchased. Nick tries to disengage from Guilietta but they are madly in love. Everywhere they go they keep meeting former clients of Guilietta\'s. Guilietta does everything she can to drive him away, hurting him and making him feel like just another "John" who now bores her, but she really doesn\'t want this. She wants him to prove his love for her. She is devastated when she succeeds in driving him away. She sees him in a bar after she has gone off with a former client and starts flirting outrageously and physically with every man she can find. Nick gets into a fight dragging men off her and is arrested. See the film to find out how it ends. It\'s an excellent multi-layered psychological drama with probably Gina Lollobrigida\'s best performance. Ernest Borgnine is also brilliant as is Anthony Franciosa. The milieu of the immigrant Greek society and the world at large is accurately depicted and very authentic. It appears to be a highly underrated film which has not received the critical acclaim it deserves.'] ["Canadian Arnold Boult and his wife Evelyn are celebrating the first birthday of their son Edward with their friend, physician Larry Woodhope, in their London home shortly after World War I. Arnold is about to embark upon a new career in finance with Harry Simpkin, who has been released from prison after serving time on fraud charges. Five years later, Edward is diagnosed with a serious illness requiring a costly operation abroad. With his retail credit business doing poorly, Boult decides to burn down the building in order to finance the surgery with the insurance money. Despite reservations about his partner's scheme, Harry goes along with the plan. As the years pass, Boult evolves into a wealthy, titled financier who will do anything to protect his son. When Edward is threatened with expulsion from his prep school, Lord Boult assumes its mortgage. Time passes, and Evelyn confides in Larry her concern that Edward drinks too much and appears to have no sense of morality. Larry strongly suggests that something be done to control Edward, but Lord Boult feels the young man can do no wrong. Having served another sentence for fraud, Harry comes to Boult and asks for a job. When he is put off, Harry commits suicide by leaping from the roof of his former partner's office building. When the police investigate, Boult's secretary Eileen Perrin lies that Harry did not come to the office that day. She and Boult become lovers. A year later, during a tryst in Eileen's apartment, the two discover they are being observed by a detective working for Evelyn's attorney. Anxious to avoid scandal, Boult breaks up with Eileen, who later kills herself with an overdose of pills. Boult departs for Switzerland to see his wife and Edward. Evelyn threatens to expose him so their son will see his true nature, but in return Boult promises he will destroy Larry, who loves her, unless she remains silent. Evelyn acquiesces. As the years pass, she becomes increasingly unhappy and begins to drink heavily. Edward also has become an alcoholic and is engaged to socialite Phyllis Mayden, although young Betty Foxley, who is pregnant with Edward's child, believes he will marry her. Boult subtly suggests Larry abort the child, but the doctor refuses and offers Betty medical and financial assistance instead. Edward, serving as a Royal Air Force pilot during World War II, crashes his plane while stunting and is killed along with his crew. Lord Boult, now a widower, beseeches Larry to tell him the whereabouts of Betty and her child. Larry refuses, leaving his obsessed old friend determined to do whatever is necessary to find his grandchild."] ["A melodrama based on a novel. A widow in an aristocratic family has an affair with a servant and bears him a son. The widow's in-laws drive the servant and his son away. As a man, the widow's son comes to visit her, but, bound by the custom that she must remain celibate after her husband's death, she cannot acknowledge him.Synopsis based on {{cite web}}"] ['The movie tells the story of a southern man, Jesse Banks Rhodes , who is released from a prison work camp in Louisiana, 1936, after being wrongly imprisoned for eleven years. He heads back to Georgia, only to find that most people are keen to keep him down. He begins working for a plantation owner  and rents a shed from a farmer  with two daughters . After witnessing the murder of a black worker at the hands of a drunken white racist boss, Jesse is forced to prove his innocence, so injustice will not happen again.'] ["It involves voice-actor Dong-gun , whose blind girlfriend Hae-ju  suddenly receives surgery to regain her eyesight. Having lied to Hae-ju about his appearance, the beastly Dong-gun chooses to undergo extreme measures to change his appearance, while promising Hae-ju that he will return soon after having a work project in Hawaii. Meanwhile, Hae-ju bumps into the Joon-ha —Dong-gun's high school friend whose appearance is how Dong-gun described himself to Hae-ju—and mistakes him for Dong-gun. Hilarity ensues, and Dong-gun finds himself struggling to hold onto the love of the woman he loves."] ["In 1946, bigoted, draft-dodging Henry Warren and his wife Julie Ann, owners of a Northern canning plant, are determined to purchase a large tract of uncultivated farmland in rural Georgia. Two plots remain beyond their grasp, one owned by Henry's cousin Rad McDowell and his wife Lou, the other by black farmer Reeve Scott, whose mother Rose had been Julie's mammy. Neither man is interested in selling his land, and they form a partnership to strengthen their claim to it, which infuriates Henry. When Rose dies, Henry tries to persuade his wife to charge Reeve with illegal ownership of his property, but local teacher Vivian Thurlow searches the town's records and uncovers proof that Reeve legally registered the deed to his land. Julie, upset with Henry's treatment of their mentally challenged son, decides to leave him and drops her suit against Reeve. With the help of Ku Klux Klansmen, Henry dynamites the levee above the farms, and Rad's oldest child drowns in the ensuing flood, much to Henry's dismay. Rather than admit defeat, Rad and Reeve decide to rebuild their decimated property with the assistance of their neighbors."] ["Cary Scott  is an affluent widow in suburban New England, whose social life involves her country club peers, college-age children, and a couple of men vying for her affection. She becomes interested in Ron Kirby , her family's gardener and a down-to-earth, younger man. Ron is content with his simple life outside of judgmental society, and the two fall in love. Ron introduces her to other people who have no need for wealth and status, and she responds positively. Cary accepts his proposal for marriage, but becomes distressed when her friends and children look down upon and reject her for this socially unacceptable marriage. Cary breaks off the marriage when her children threaten to abandon her, and she and Ron continue their separate lives in sorrow. As Cary's social life returns to its original state, she notices other women becoming engaged and living lives of happiness. Even her own children are soon to leave the family home. Cary realizes that she is ready to defy social norms and commit to loving Ron. She rushes to his side when he has a life-threatening accident, telling him that she has come home."] ['"Harry Caine"  is a blind writer who shares his life with his agent Judit  and her adult son, Diego . Slowly, events in the present begin to bring back memories of the past. Harry hears that millionaire Ernesto Martel  has died; a young filmmaker, Ray X, appears and turns out to be Martel\'s son, Ernesto, Jr. . After Diego is hospitalized for an accidental drug overdose in a Madrid nightclub, Harry collects Diego from the hospital and looks after him to avoid worrying his traveling mother. The main storyline is told in flashback as Harry reluctantly tells Diego a tragic tale of fate, jealousy, abuse of power, betrayal, and guilt. The first flashback is to 1992, which introduces Magdalena "Lena" Rivero , Martel\'s beautiful young secretary, an aspiring actress. She becomes close to Martel, a millionaire financier, in order to find the money to help meet her dying father\'s medical bills. By 1994, she has become Martel\'s mistress. At this time, Harry is still living under his real name, Mateo Blanco, a well-respected film director. Martel is excessively possessive of Lena, but she is determined to become an actress and manages to win the main role in Blanco\'s film Chicas y maletas  by bringing Martel in as financier/producer. The fictional film is similar to Almodóvar\'s 1988 release, Women on the Verge of a Nervous Breakdown, except that the Shiite terrorists have been replaced by a cocaine dealer; several of the cast of the previous film appear in the fictional one. Martel spies on Lena and Mateo by sending his inhibited, effeminate gay son, Ernesto, Jr., to videotape the production of the film, ostensibly for a "making of" feature, then hiring a lip-reader  to interpret the conversations. Martel, seething with jealousy, screens the videos as the lip-reader narrates the furtive whispers of Lena and Mateo\'s passionate affair. Furious, Martel confronts Lena, and when she threatens to leave him he pushes her down the stairs. But when she survives the fall, he relents and nurses her back to health. The filming completed, Lena and Blanco escape Martel\'s hold and go on holiday to Lanzarote. Lena takes a job as a hotel receptionist to pass the time. When she and Blanco read in El País that Chicas y maletas has received a terrible critical reception, likely the end of Blanco\'s directing career, they determine to start over together far from Madrid. Fate intervenes when Blanco is seriously injured and Lena is killed in a car accident, which ironically is immortalized by Ernesto Jr., who has been trailing them with his camcorder. Mateo loses his sight permanently. Judit, his long-time production assistant, and an 8-year-old Diego arrive to help Blanco pick up the pieces and return to Madrid, where he eventually writes screenplays in braille under the pseudonym Harry Caine, represented by his agent, Judit. The story picks up where it began in 2008: Harry shares his birthday in a bar with Judit and Diego. Judit becomes drunk on gin and, stricken with guilt, confesses to Harry that she sold out to Martel in 1994 because of her fury at Harry for abandoning the film to run away with Lena; she also tells him of her involvement in providing Martel the phone number of the hotel in Lanzarote where Lena and Mateo were hiding. She confirms that Martel sabotaged the release of Chicas y maletas by using the worst take from each scene in order to destroy Mateo\'s reputation. The next morning she reveals to Diego that Harry is actually his father, a fact both men were unaware of. Having exorcised some of his demons, Harry decides to return to his life as Mateo Blanco. Though believed lost, the original reels of Chicas y maletas and Ernesto Jr.\'s camcorder footage are recovered: Judit had ignored Martel\'s order to destroy them and instead hid them away. Mateo and Diego re-edit the film for its long-delayed release as the director envisioned it.'] ["Michelle Jordan  is a young energetic 8-year-old girl whose mother, Cassy Jordan , goes after man after man, neglecting her child who has never met her father. Searching for love in all the wrong places, Cassy finds a man named Reggie , who seems to be the right man in Michelle and Cassy's life. But four short years later, at the age of 12, Michelle is raped and sexually abused by Reggie. Years later, Michelle , who is now all grown up, is left with bitterness in her heart and leaves home wanting to get away from all of her past memories. Being led astray, Michelle leads a life of stripping, prostitution, and drugs. But when Michelle goes to jail, everything changes and she leaves realizing she has to make a change in her life. On her way to beginning that new life, she runs into an old childhood friend named Todd, who gives her a ride to the halfway house where she will be living with a friend, Nicole, who will help her to get her life back on track. Unfortunately, on her way to starting her life over, she runs into some such familiar roadblocks as Reggie, her mother, and Pervis, her ex-pimp and drug supplier, and she begins to spiral backwards again. This time, though, she is invited to a revival and people like Bishop T.D. Jakes, her godmother Twana, her friend Nicole, and Todd try to help her maintain herself along the right path. But can Michelle give in and forgive the man who molested and raped her—or will she give out and go back to a life of hate and unforgiveness?"] [' Madame Emery and her 17-year-old daughter Geneviève  sell umbrellas at their tiny boutique in the coastal town of Cherbourg in Normandy, France. Geneviève is in love with 20-year-old Guy , a handsome, young auto mechanic who lives with and cares for his sickly aunt, godmother Elise. Her quiet, dedicated, young care-giver, Madeleine , is clearly in love with Guy. Subsequently, Guy is drafted, and must leave for a two-year tour of duty in the Algerian War. The night before he leaves, he and Geneviève make love and she becomes pregnant. After he leaves, though, she feels abandoned, as he does not write very frequently, largely due to the restrictions of military life. At her mother\'s insistence, she marries thirty-ish Roland Cassard , a quiet, handsome Parisian jeweler who falls in love with Geneviève and is willing to wed her though she is carrying another man\'s child. (Cassard had previously wooed the title character in [[Lola . The society wedding in a great cathedral shows Geneviève\'s upward social and economic mobility, but she does not seem at all happy with her situation. When Guy returns from the war with a knee injury, he learns that Geneviève has married and left Cherbourg, and that the umbrella store has been sold. He attempts to ease back into his previous life, but becomes rebellious due both to the war and to the loss of Geneviève. One day, Guy quits his job after an argument with his boss, and drinks away the day and the evening in seedy port bars. He spends the night with a friendly prostitute named Jenny, who in the morning reveals that her name is actually Geneviève. When he returns to his apartment, he discovers a distraught Madeleine, who tells him tearfully that his godmother has died. He sees that Madeleine loves him, and cleans up his life with her encouragement. With an inheritance from his aunt, he is able to finance a new "American-style" Esso gas station. He asks Madeleine to marry him, and she accepts, though she wonders if he is asking her from despair at Geneviève\'s actions. The coda is set in December 1963, approximately six years after the earliest events. Guy is now managing the couple\'s Esso station. He\'s with his now upbeat and loving wife Madeleine and their little son François. It is Christmas Eve. Madeleine and François go for a short walk, leaving Guy briefly, after which a new Mercedes pulls into the station. The mink-clad driver turns out to be a sophisticated and visibly well-off Geneviève, accompanied by her  daughter Françoise, who remains in the car. Shocked to see each other, they go inside the station to talk. Geneviève explains this is the first time she has been to Cherbourg since her marriage, and she is only in town on a detour to Paris after picking her daughter up from Cassard\'s mother in Anjou. Her fairly young mother has died the previous autumn. Her rich husband and child are the only family she has left; she has no children by Cassard. The two converse while Geneviève\'s car is being filled with gas, and when Geneviève asks Guy if he wants to meet their daughter, he declines. With restrained emotion, they part. As the film ends, Guy greets his wife with a kiss and plays with his son in the snow.'] ['Douglas Fairbanks, Jr. stars as Charles "Chick" Miller, a hobo released that day from jail along with fellow drifter "Scrap Iron" Scratch . Through a series of chance encounters with travelers in a large train station, he becomes, in his own words, a "Gentleman for a Day" . He picks up Ruth Collins , a broke and out-of-work chorus girl, desperate to raise the train fare to Salt Lake City, where a job is waiting for her. She confides she is worried about being followed by Dr. Bernardi , a fellow resident of her cheap boarding house. He paid her to read to him in the evenings material she found disgusting. Meanwhile, masquerading as a German musician, Bushy Sloan  checks in a violin case full of counterfeit money. Soon after, a pickpocket steals his wallet, containing his claim check. When the thief throws the wallet away after taking the cash, Scrap Iron finds the claim check inside. Chick, who has "acquired" respectable clothing, then claims the violin case and discovers what it contains. He hides it in a coal scuttle and has his buddy stand guard, while he ponders what to do. Chick gives Ruth some of the money to buy clothes. While Chick is away, Dr. Bernardi sends Ruth a train ticket and a message to meet him in the compartment. Believing the ticket is from Chick, Ruth goes there. When she finds Bernardi instead, she begins screaming. Chick breaks through the locked door, but Bernardi escapes through a window. However, in his haste, he is knocked down and killed by a passing train. The suspicious dress shop clerk  takes the counterfeit money to the station manager. Both Ruth and Chick are taken into custody by government agent Kendall . Kendall has been alerted that Bushy may be at the station, but has no description of the counterfeiter. He believes that Ruth either is Bushy or is connected to him. To clear her, Chick goes to get the violin case, accompanied by agent Jim Parker . However, Bushy follows them, shoots Parker and flees with the case. Chick chases him down. All is eventually cleared up, and Ruth has a bittersweet parting from Chick, as she leaves on the train.'] ['Eager to marry his devoted secretary, Diane Lovering, New York shipping magnate Richard Field asks his wife Louise for a divorce. Louise, however, refuses to give up her social position and denies Richard\'s request. Although Diane insists that she will continue to love him without the benefit of marriage, Richard asks her to contemplate her choices while cruising to South America on one of his boats. Diane agrees to the cruise, but vows to return to New York unchanged. Soon after boarding, Diane meets Johnnie Smith in the ship\'s bar and firmly rejects his flirtations. Determined, Johnny asks his smooth-talking best friend, Mike Bradley, for help, but is double-crossed when Mike treats him like a masher in front of Diane. Mike soon charms Diane, and a shipboard romance blossoms. Still true to Richard, Diane makes no commitments to Mike and declines his invitation to visit him on his ranch in Buenos Aires. Mike nevertheless shows up at her Buenos Aires\' hotel and insists that she join him at his ranch. After a fun-filled day, Diane and Mike confess their mutual love, and Diane finally tells Mike about Richard. Realizing that Mike is the man she truly loves, Diane promises him that when she returns to New York, she will end her affair with Richard. However, as soon as she sees him, Richard presents her with a wedding ring and explains to her that his wife finally agreed to divorce him on condition that he not be allowed to see his sons. Overwhelmed by his sacrifice for her, Diane says nothing about her romance with Mike and, after writing Mike a "Dear John" letter, marries the millionaire. A year later, Diane runs into Mike in a New York gun shop and suggests that they dine together. In spite of his bitterness, Mike finds that he still loves Diane and senses that she still loves him. Finally, Diane admits her feelings, but explains that she is sacrificing their love to remain loyal to Richard. Although Diane tries to avoid Mike by starting her vacation with Richard early, Mike drops by their country house and, in spite of Diane\'s protests, vows to confront his rival. When Mike sees how kind and caring Richard is with Diane, however, he backs down from his threat and leaves abruptly. Afterward, Richard reveals to Diane that he had long sensed that she was in love with another man and nobly offers to divorce her. Unchained at last, Diane and Mike begin their married life on his Argentine ranch.'] [' The film takes place in the imaginary isolated village of Kirrary, on the Dingle Peninsula in County Kerry Ireland during World War I. Rosy Ryan  is bored with her humdrum life and fantasizes about the outside world — much to the chagrin of the local priest, Father Hugh Collins , an old, sharp-witted and highly influential person who knows all that goes on in the village. Rosy falls in love with the local schoolmaster, Charles Shaughnessy . She imagines, though he tries to convince her otherwise, that he will add excitement to her life. They marry, and Rosy quickly becomes discontented. The villagers are nationalist and exclusionary, taunting Michael   and British soldiers from a nearby army base. They are resentful of Rosy, the spoilt daughter of the local publican Tom Ryan . Ryan pretends to be a staunch nationalist– in an early scene, he strongly supports the recently suppressed Easter Rising, referring to the rebels as "our boys"– but in truth he is an informer for the British. Major Randolph Doryan ([[Christopher Jones  arrives to take command of the local army base. A veteran of World War I, he has been awarded a Victoria Cross, but has a crippled leg and suffers from shell shock. Rosy is instantly and passionately attracted to him. Michael\'s absent-minded banging of his leg on the pub bench causes Doryan to flashback to the trenches. He collapses. When he recovers, he is comforted by Rosy. The two passionately kiss until they are interrupted by the arrival of Ryan and the townspeople. The next day, the two meet in the forest for a \'gauzy\', passionate liaison. Charles becomes suspicious of Rosy, but keeps his thoughts to himself. While on a trip to the beach with his students, he finds Rosy and Doryan\'s footprints in the sand and tracks them to a cave; later he finds a conch shell in Rosy\'s dresser, but refuses to confront her about it. Michael has also seen the two lovers, however, and having improvised a British officer\'s uniform, he tips off the townspeople about the affair. The townspeople turn on Rosy, deriding her as a "British officer\'s whore". One night, in the midst of a fierce storm, IRB leader Tim O\'Leary ([[Barry Foster – who had killed a police constable earlier– and a small band of comrades arrive in Ryan\'s pub and strong-arm him into helping them recover a shipment of German arms from the storm. When they leave, Ryan is left alone in possession of the phone, and tips off the British. Soon, the entire town arrives at the beach to help O\'Leary, but he and his followers are stopped by Major Doryan and his men on the road and arrested. O\'Leary is shot and wounded by Doryan while attempting to escape. Charles tells Rosy he is aware of her infatuation, but hopes it will pass. Though Rosy declares the affair over, Charles decides to leave her. That night he sees her return to Doryan. In dismay, he wanders in his nightclothes to the beach, where in the morning Father Collins finds him. A mob, accusing Rosy of having informed the British of the arms shipment, strip her and shear off her hair. Father Collins arrives before they can do any worse. Ryan, deeply ashamed, has been unable to confess that he\'s the informer. Rosy, who guesses his guilt, takes the punishment. Meanwhile, Doryan walks along the beach and comes across Michael, who leads him to a cache of arms–-including dynamite–-that was not recovered. After Michael runs off, Doryan commits suicide by detonating the explosives. The next day, Rosy and Charles leave for Dublin, enduring the taunts of the villagers as they go. As Charles gets on the small bus, Father Collins counsels him against ending the marriage. Just before the bus leaves, Rosy, who had previously found Michael repulsive to her, very touchingly kisses him on the cheek.'] ["With the Vatican having financial difficulties during World War II, a young priest from America is sent for, recommended because of his accounting skill. Father John Flaherty does indeed have a good head for figures, but also believes in any means to an end. To raise money for the church, he is willing to enter into a black market operation with the Mafia, selling cartons of cigarettes by the tens of thousands for a percentage of the take. The priest's morals are strained further when he develops a romantic interest in Clara, a young nun who is having a crisis of faith. They begin an affair, but Flaherty does not confess to her his true identity. One day during a papal audience, Clara catches sight of Flaherty in his clerical robes. Her love and trust are shattered. Flaherty's methods may be overlooked, but his success at raising funds is appreciated by some of his superiors as he rises to become a monsignor. When an ill-advised stock investment costs the Vatican millions, however, Flaherty must pay the price for his deeds."] ["Alice Goodwin  is a school nurse who lives with her husband Howard  and two girls on a small dairy farm in Wisconsin. After the death of the daughter of her friend Theresa Collins  on Alice's property, the couple watch helplessly as the community turns against them. To make matters worse, Alice finds herself fighting charges of child abuse."] ['Rachel Wilcox  is an uncontrollable 18 year-old. With her latest car crash, Rachel has broken the final rule in her mother, Lilly\'s , San Francisco home. Lilly hauls her daughter to the one place to which she had sworn she would never return: her own mother\'s house in Idaho. Matriarch Georgia Randall  lives her life by a number of unbreakable rules - God comes first and hard work comes a very close second - and wants anyone who shares her home to do the same. She will make anyone who takes the Lord\'s name in vain wash out their mouths with a bar of soap. Now saddled with raising the young woman, it will require each patient breath she takes to understand Rachel\'s fury. Georgia arranges a job for Rachel as the office girl of Dr. Simon Ward , the local veterinarian, who also unofficially treats people. His two nephews, Sam  and Ethan , are often at Georgia\'s house. Simon does not show interest in Rachel or other women, so she thinks he is gay. However, Simon\'s sister, Paula , reveals that he is still mourning the death of his wife and son who were killed in a car crash. He refuses to have sex with Rachel even when she tries to seduce him, but feels some passion for Lilly, whom he has dated in the past. Rachel performs oral sex on Harlan Wilson , who, not yet being married, was still a virgin because of his LDS  religion. Backed up by a reluctant Rachel, he confesses to his LDS girlfriend, who is shocked. A team of LDS girls starts spying on Harlan to make sure he does not "have sex" again. After a short chase using Harlan\'s truck, Rachel explains to them that what happened was over, and that they can go back to having their summer fun. They agree to do so, only if Rachel goes home. Rachel then threatens them by saying if they have anything to do with her and Harlan again, as in: talk to Harlan, yell at Harlan, call her a name, throw stuff at her, or do anything else that has to do with her, then she will find all of their boyfriends and "fuck them stupid." While trying to make a point to Simon about survival, Rachel bluntly says that her stepfather Arnold  had sex with her from the time she was 12 until she turned 14. Seeing the effect of her revelation, Rachel tries to convince him she lied. However, Simon has already told Georgia about the sexual relationship, and Georgia in turn tells Lilly, who at first thinks Rachel is lying. Lilly comes to believe her daughter, however, and begins to drink heavily and asks Arnold for a divorce. When Arnold arrives, Georgia tells him to leave and will not allow him in the house. Finally, she attempts to force him off the property by hitting him with a baseball bat; when he still refuses to leave, she forces him, by using the bat to threaten his sports car in order to put a bar of soap in his mouth, after he takes God\'s name in vain. Rachel sees that Lilly cannot accept the truth, and lies to her, saying she didn\'t do anything sexual with Arnold. At the motel where Arnold is staying, Rachel tells him that she has a video tape of him having sex with her when she was 14. Arnold seems worried, which further convinces the viewers of his guilt. Rachel demands $10 million  if he does not keep Lilly happy. She admits to him that she lied to Lilly because she does not want her to be upset anymore. On the way back to San Francisco, Arnold tells Lilly that he is giving Rachel his new red Ferrari. Hearing this Lilly quickly recalls Rachael\'s earlier claim that he bought her a Ford Mustang to keep her silence and demands to be let out of the car. As Lilly jumps out of the car and starts walking back to town, Arnold angrily admits to having sex with Rachel; he claims to have been seduced, that Lilly\'s heavy drinking drove him to it, and finally saying that Rachel enjoyed it. After fending off an attack from an enraged Lilly, Arnold drives off, daring her to take him to court. In the end, Georgia, along with Simon, Rachel, and Harlan, catch up with Lilly in Harlan\'s pick-up truck, and a tearful Rachel makes up for her behavior. Harlan also mentions to Georgia that he is in love with Rachel and plans to marry her when he returns from his two-year mission.'] ['Christine Adams, a cheerful 19-year-old from British Columbia, Canada, travels to Los Angeles to be with her fiance, who works there in a bank. When the relationship doesn\'t work out, she moves to Las Vegas. She finds work as a showgirl and meets Tommy Marcott, a former pro football player who holds an executive position at the casino, though in truth he is only used as a "celebrity greeter." They fall in love, but when Tommy gives a vicious beating on a golf course to a wealthy casino patron who had beaten and raped Christine, he is fired. They flee Vegas, discussing the possibility that the casino patron will seek revenge, and return to Los Angeles hoping for a normal life; but Tommy is shot by an unknown assailant on a basketball court, likely the anticipated act of revenge. Christine returns to Las Vegas to work as a V.I.P. "party girl\' until she is persuaded by wealthy client Morgan to return to Los Angeles to be kept as his mistress. But Morgan is too busy to keep Christine interested in her new life, so she renews a relationship with rocker Jay Rigney, who soon has her turning tricks. The instance we witness involves a tubby older man and a cheap-looking motel room. When Jay runs out on her, Christine drives to a rural airstrip where she promises aifield bum Elroy "some fun" with her to take her up in a plane. Elroy selects a skywriting plane, and offers to write her name in the sky. Christine breaks out a marijuana joint, which they share as Elroy writes "FUCK IT" across the sky of L.A.'] ['The story follows Aimee Brower , who wakes and finds her husband has left her. After learning everything about why he did it, she then proceeds to put her life back together.'] ['Liu Pingguo  and her husband, An Kun  are a young migrant couple from the northeast of China who have moved to Beijing for a better life. Pingguo and An Kun live in a dilapidated apartment eking out their existence working menial jobs. An Kun works as a window washer, while his wife works in the Golden Basin Massage Parlor as a foot masseuse. Golden Basin is owned and operated by Lin Dong , an unabashed womanizer, and himself from Guangdong Province. His wife, Wang Mei  practices Chinese medicine. Very soon, the two couples find themselves headed for a collision course. When Pingguo\'s best friend, Xiao Mei , assaults a customer, she is quickly fired by Lin Dong. Pingguo, wishing to commiserate, takes her friend out and promptly becomes drunk on bai jiu. Returning to the Golden Basin, she passes out in an empty office. Lin Dong, seeing the vulnerable Pingguo attempts to make a pass, which quickly turns into rape, a rape witnessed by the window washer, An Kun. Furious at the sight, An Kun begins a campaign of harassment against Lin Dong, defacing his Mercedes Benz, and attempting to blackmail him for ¥20,000. When Lin Dong ignores the furious husband, An Kun goes directly to Wang Mei, who rather than acquiescing, seduces the naive window washer. Soon, it is discovered that Liu Pingguo is pregnant, though neither An Kun nor Lin Dong can be certain of who is the father. Lin Dong, however, sees in Pingguo an opportunity to make things right with his barren wife as well as to settle things with Pingguo and her husband once and for all. Soon, the two husbands have concocted a scheme wherein An Kun initially receives ¥20,000 for his mental suffering. If the child has Lin Dong\'s blood type, he will go home with the massage-parlor owner and An Kun will receive ¥100,000. If however, the baby is An Kun\'s, no money is exchanged, but Pingguo and An Kun keep the baby. Moreover, if Lin Dong again sleeps with Pingguo, half of his assets will go to Wang Mei in a divorce proceeding. During these negotiations, Pingguo remains conspicuously silent. As the baby is carried to term, Lin Dong becomes more and more attached to the idea that he will at last be a father. When the baby is born however, An Kun discovers that it is indeed his child. Unable to turn down the money, he manages to convince Lin Dong that it is his son, allowing him to collect the ¥120,000. Although, seeing how happy Lin Dong is with the baby, An Kun grows increasingly jealous, at last resorting to a clumsy and ultimately doomed kidnapping. After being released , An Kun attempts to "repurchase" his child, to which Lin Dong promptly refuses. Pingguo, who had moved into Lin Dong\'s home after the birth as a nursemaid, at last has had enough. Quietly, she gathers the money that An Kun had returned, and taking her child, walks out the door. The film then ends as the two men, Lin Dong and An Kun, attempt to search for her, only to have their car break down on a busy Beijing highway...'] ['Eve Batiste , a ten year old girl, lives in a prosperous African American community in Louisiana with her younger brother by a year Poe, and her sister Cisely  a pretty girl who is just entering puberty. Their parents are Roz  and Louis  a well respected doctor in Louisiana\'s "colored" community. One night after a raucous party, Eve accidentally witnesses her father having sex with family friend Matty Mereaux . However, Cisely, who has a very affectionate relationship with her father, convinces Eve that she misinterpreted an innocent moment. The unreliability of memory and observation remain important themes throughout the film. The summer quickly becomes a chaotic and stressful one for the Batiste family. Eve\'s relationship with her parents becomes more strained as she discovers more evidence of her father\'s serial infidelity. Cisely comes into conflict with both her sister and her mother as she enters puberty and tries to navigate the difficult transition to adulthood, particularly with regards to her appearance and sexuality. Roz eventually begins to suspect her husband\'s infidelity, prompting conflict between the two as well. During the chaotic summer, Eve often seeks refuge with her aunt Mozelle Batiste , who works as a fortune teller and who has had a string of lovers who all died violently. After Eve has a confusing vision of something terrible happening, Mozelle informs her that the gift of second sight runs in their family. Meanwhile, Eve, angered by her father\'s infidelity, begins to tease Matty Mereaux\'s husband Lenny  with her knowledge about it. One day Cisely confides in Eve the secret of why she\'s been so moody. One night, after their parents had a vicious argument, Cisely went to comfort her father and he, drunk, tried to molest her. Enraged, Eve seeks out a local witch, Elzora , and commissions a voodoo spell to put a fatal curse on her father. The Baptiste\'s family life totally disintegrates as Cisely\'s accusations against her father become known. Concerned that her father might be innocent, Eve tries to undo the curse on him but discovers that this is impossible. She then rushes to bring her father home, finding him in a bar chatting with Matty Mereaux. At the same time, a drunken Lenny arrives to take Matty home and shoots and kills Louis after a confrontation. After her father\'s funeral, Eve soon finds a letter which her father wrote to Mozelle. In it he explains that Cisely had come to him that night and kissed him, first as a daughter and then as a lover. In his drunken state he reacted violently, slapping her and pushing her to the ground, which made her angry. The letter implies that Cisely made up her story. Eve confronts Cisely and uses her second sight to try and discover what really happened, but the two stories are so jumbled within Cisely\'s own mind that the truth is obscured.'] ["Set during World War I, it centers on Lili Smith , a popular British music hall performer who is regarded as a femme fatale. She is actually a German spy, and the uncle she dotes upon is really Colonel Kurt Von Ruger , a fellow spy and her contact with the German military. In hopes of gaining valuable information, Lili begins using her feminine wiles on Major William Larrabee , a top American pilot. However, Lili soon falls in love with Larrabee and cannot find the courage to betray him. When Larrabee discovers Lili's secret, he refuses to turn her in."] ["Abner Meecham , an aging Tennessee farmer discarded at a nursing facility by his lawyer son, flees the old folks home and catches a ride back to his country farm to live out his days in peace. Upon his return, he discovers that his son  has leased the farm to an old enemy and his family. Not one to suffer fools or go down easy, Abner moves into the old tenant shack on the property and declares that he will not leave until the farm is returned to his possession. But Lonzo Choat, the new tenant, has no intention to move out or give in to the demands of the old man. Abner catches Lonzo beating his daughter  with a garden hose after she was caught returning from dating a forbidden boy, and Abner scares Lonzo off by shooting a pistol in Lonzo's direction. The next day Abner has Lonzo picked up by the police, and Lonzo's wife Ludie  is upset that she has to pay for bail, which they cannot afford. When the Choats come back from town, Lonzo is visibly upset, and murders Abner's dog Nipper and hangs him from the porch of the tenant shack. Abner disappears for two days, and the Choats suspect he has finally given up. Instead, he returns with Nipper's stuffed corpse, and sets him on the front porch and tells it to stand guard. Abner and Lonzo get into an arguing match in which Lonzo threatens to burn the shack down with Abner inside. The argument culminates with Abner pointing a pistol at Lonzo, but Lonzo easily disarms Abner. The police are summoned the next day, and Abner is forced to move out, partially by his son, who believes he has lost his mind. Abner admits defeat and says he'll move out by the next morning. Instead he tells his neighbor  that Lonzo has threatened to kill him by burning the shack. Abner, haunted by recurring dreams of his long-dead wife  then sets the shack ablaze, but stumbles while trying to exit, and he is rescued by Lonzo. When Abner awakes, he is in the hospital with his son by his side. He accepts that he will move into a retirement community, but insists that he will plant corn in his small garden there, instead of tomatoes as his son suggested. In the final scene Abner visits his house one more time; the house has been vacated by the Choats."] ['Dane Clark plays Danny Hawkins, the son of a murderer who was hanged for his crimes. Haunted by his father\'s past, the young man is tormented by the young people of the small southern town in which he lives. Hawkins\' only friend is Gilly Johnson , a girl who is quickly falling in love with him. When Hawkins kills a bully in self-defense, he fears the same fate as his father. When the dead body is found and Sheriff Clem Otis  starts closing in, Danny becomes crazed. He jumps off a Ferris wheel and nearly strangles a harmless mute  who found Hawkins\' pocket knife near the body. While hiding out in the swamps, Hawkins visits his Grandma  who tells him the truth about his father\'s crime. Hawkins realizes he\'s not tainted by "bad blood" and turns himself in to the police.'] ['{{Expand section}} Tod Slaughter, in his film debut, is the lover who seduces then murders innocent country maiden Maria Marten in the red barn  before burying her body beneath the barn floor.'] ['The movie opens with a judge  begging the audience for help in resolving a terrible dilemma. The action moves to a courtroom, where Vivian Hamilton is on trial for the shooting death of her sister\'s lover. The story unfolds in flashback as various characters are called to testify. Conjoined twins Dorothy and Vivian Hamilton  have a successful vaudeville singing act, but their manager Hinkley  thinks a publicity stunt will reinvigorate their career. He pays stunt shooter Andre Pariseau  to fake a romance with one of the twins. Vivian, the brunette, dislikes Andre and wants nothing to do with the scheme, but Dorothy, the blonde, quips that she is too old to turn down a chance at love, and agrees to serve as Andre\'s love interest. The ploy works, with "the girls" singing for standing room only crowds. But Dorothy actually falls in love with the scheming Andre, though he is secretly involved with his shooting-act partner, Renee . Andre proposes marriage, but the couple is unable to obtain a marriage license due to allegations that the marriage would constitute bigamy. A desperate Dorothy convinces Vivian to seek separation surgery, even at the risk of their lives, so that she can pursue her dreams of love. Doctors, however, inform the women that such surgery is impossible. But, the doctors stress, there is no physical reason that Dorothy can not marry. By consulting with a blind minister, Dorothy and Andre are able to obtain their marriage license. The wedding ceremony is performed on-stage before an audience of dignitaries including the mayor. But the next day, Andre leaves Dorothy, claiming that he could not adjust to life as the husband of a conjoined twin. Vivian knows differently, because she has seen Andre and Renee kissing passionately and her suspicions of Andre are confirmed. Vivian is outraged that her sister was mistreated. During Andre\'s shooting performance, Vivian seizes one of Andre\'s guns and shoots him dead before a horrified audience. The film returns to the judge, who can not decide how to dispose of the case. Justice for Andre requires that his murderer, Vivian, be executed. But this would cost the life of the innocent Dorothy. The film ends with a plea for the viewer to resolve the dilemma.'] ['Virginia Radcliff  is enrolled at the exclusive Crockett Hall finishing school by her mother , with the acquiescence of her wealthy businessman father ([[John Halliday . Miss Van Alstyne , the head of the school, informs her new student of Crockett Hall\'s strict rules of ladylike conduct, but Virginia\'s new roommate, Cecilia Ferris , soon sets her straight. Van Alstyne and the rest of her staff do not really care what they do as long as it does not become public and stain the reputation of the school. On the weekend, Cecilia  takes Virginia to New York, chaperoned by a fake "Aunt Jessica". They meet Pony\'s boyfriend and Bill Martin, a conceited college football star, in a hotel room. With her new-found independence, Virginia decides to see what it feels like to get drunk. When she is, an equally-intoxicated Bill tries to take advantage of her. Hotel waiter Ralph "Mac" McFarland rescues her, punching Bill in the face. When he sees how drunk she is, Mac offers to drive her back to school. On the way, she discovers he is a medical intern at a children\'s hospital. The hospital does not pay him, so he has to work at the hotel to make ends meet. Miss Van Alstyne is present when Mac drops Virginia off. Van Alstyne rebukes Virginia, not for being out with a handsome young man unchaperoned, but for being seen with him. Their relationship turns frosty. Meanwhile, Virginia sees Mac every chance she can, and they fall in love. At the Christmas break, Virginia\'s father is tied up with work, and her mother decides to vacation in Florida, stranding her at school. Pony invites her to spend the holiday at her home, but Van Alstyne decides to punish her rebellious student by keeping her at school. However, Mac shows up secretly, and the couple sneaks away to the boathouse for a romantic evening. The camera pans away as they are kissing, but it is implied that they sleep together . A disapproving Van Alstyne intercepts and secretly tears up loving telegrams from Mac to Virginia, leaving the girl confused and heartbroken. When Van Alstyne insists that Virginia be examined by the school doctor, Virginia becomes first distraught, then defiant about what she and Mac have done. Van Alstyne summons Mrs. Radcliff and notifies her that Virginia is to be expelled. Meanwhile, Pony calls Mac to inform him what is going on. He shows up and takes Virginia away. At the school entrance, they run into Mr. Radcliff. Mac informs him that he and Virginia are going to get married that very day. After checking that his wife is not around, Mr. Radcliff offers his soon-to-be son-in-law a cigar.'] ['Larry Coe is a Los Angeles architect who is married with two kids. He has a very bright wife, Eve. She is ambitious for him, but he wants to do work more imaginative than the commercial buildings he\'s been designing. He meets with Roger Altar, an author, to discuss building a house that will be an "experiment" and something Coe wants to do more of, something original. Maggie Gault is one of his neighbors whose son is friends with his. She tells Larry she has seen some of his previous houses and thinks that the more unconventional houses are the best. This encouragement is what he needs from his wife but hasn\'t been able to get. Both Larry and Maggie grow dissatisfied in their marriages. Larry\'s wife is too hard-headed and practical and Maggie\'s husband isn\'t interested in having sex with her. So they have an affair that involves meeting in secret. They both know what they\'re doing is wrong, and they are devoted to their children. Felix Anders is a neighbor who snoops around and finds out about their affair. His leering and insinuations make Larry realize the risks he\'s taking. He tells Maggie that they shouldn\'t see each other for a while. Felix, in the meantime, makes a play for Larry\'s wife. In a way, Felix is a personification of the tawdriness of Larry and Maggie\'s affair. After her near-rape by Felix, Eve wises up and realizes that Larry has been unfaithful. She confronts him. They agree to stay together and move to Hawaii, where Larry has been offered a job to design a city. Altar\'s house is finished but still empty. Maggie drives up to take a look at it. Larry shows up and they talk about how they can never be together. Larry wishes he and Maggie could live in the house and if they did, he would dig a moat around it and never leave it. Maggie says she loves him. The contractor for the house shows up and thinks Maggie is Larry\'s wife. They both take a moment to savor the irony of his remark and Maggie drives away.'] ["Sadie McKee works as a serving maid in the same household where her mother is a cook, and is admired by the son of her employer, lawyer Michael Alderson. However, when Michael talks badly of her boyfriend, Tommy Wallace, during a family dinner, Sadie openly denounces her employers as snobby and insensitive. Sadie then flees to New York City with Tommy, who was fired from his job in the Alderson factory for alleged cheating. Nearly broke, Sadie and Tommy are befriended in New York by Opal, a hardened club performer, who takes them to her boardinghouse. The next morning, Sadie leaves the boardinghouse to look for a job but makes plans with Tommy to meet at the marriage license bureau at noon. Soon after she leaves, however, neighbor Dolly Merrick hears Tommy singing in the bathroom and seduces him into joining her traveling club act, which is leaving town that morning. Heartbroken and embittered by Tommy's desertion, Sadie struggles to find reputable employment but eventually joins Opal as a dancer in a nightclub. Ten days later, Jack Brennan, a jovial, rich alcoholic, helps Sadie handle an abusive customer and then demands that she sit at his table, which he is sharing with a friend—Michael Alderson. Still angry at Michael, Sadie ignores his speech to leave his intoxicated companion alone and goes home with Brennan that evening. Soon after, Sadie marries the adoring Brennan and, while enjoying her newfound wealth, does her best to handle his constant drunkenness. Then one afternoon, Sadie, who has been following Tommy's crooning career, goes to see him performing with Dolly at the Apollo Theater and is thrilled by the loving looks he throws her during his number. However, when Sadie returns home that evening, she learns from Michael and the family physician that unless Brennan stops drinking, he will die within six months. Sobered by the diagnosis, Sadie sacrifices her chance to reunite with Tommy and, after rallying the servants to her side, imprisons her husband in his house and forces him to quit drinking. Later Sadie goes with Michael and the now recovered Brennan to the club where she used to dance and is startled to see Dolly there performing without Tommy. After she confronts Dolly and finds out that Tommy was dumped in New Orleans, Sadie confesses to Brennan that she is in love with another man and wants a divorce. The understanding Brennan grants Sadie her request, and Michael, anxious to win her forgiveness, undertakes to find Tommy. Michael eventually locates Tommy in the city and deduces that he is suffering from tuberculosis. Aided by Michael, Tommy is admitted to a hospital. By the time Sadie is allowed to see him, Tommy's condition has suddenly worsened, and he dies after telling her that it was Michael who had helped him. Four months later, Michael celebrates his birthday with Sadie and her mother, and looks into Sadie's forgiving eyes before making his birthday wish."] ["The boys are running a laundromat in the back room of Louie's Sweet Shop. A woman, Laura Andrews, comes in and leaves her baby in one of the laundry baskets and the boys find him. The discover that he is the heir to a fortune, and that his mother hid him so that her aunts couldn't steal the inheritance. After discovering the baby is missing, the aunts have Laura committed. Meanwhile a bunch of gangsters get wind of the situation and make a deal with the aunts to keep the baby away from the reading of the will. Sach and Slip sneak into the mental ward and help Laura escape. They make it to the reading of the will just in time and Laura and her son gain the inheritance and the aunts are arrested, along with the gangsters."] ["Katalin Varga's husband discovers that their son Orbán is not his. Together with her child, she sets out to find Antal, the man who raped her 11 years earlier, and Orbán's biological father. She meets Gergely, a friend and accomplice of Antal, who does not recognize her. She seduces and then kills him. Orbán befriends Antal, both unaware of their blood ties. Antal is now a happily married man, and Katalin strikes up an intimate friendship with his wife. On a boating trip she confronts them both about the events which occurred 11 years earlier. Strickland was a nominee for the Golden Bear. It won a Silver Berlin Bear in the category outstanding artistic contribution for the sound design: György Kovács, Gábor ifj. Erdélyi and Tamás Székely."] ["Former Congressman and now Judge Cass Timberlane is a middle-aged, incorruptible, highly-respected man who enjoys good books and playing the flute. He falls for Jinny, a much younger girl from a lower class in his small Minnesota town. At first, the marriage is happy, but Jinny becomes bored with the small town and with the judge's friends. She leaves him for an affair with a lawyer, Timberlane's boyhood friend. Eventually abandoned by her lover, Jinny returns to her husband and becomes the good wife. This is Lewis' examination of marriage, love, romance, heartache and trust."] ['Michael Cannon  returns to London after the Second World War and places advertisements in the personal column of various newspapers , in which "Biscuit" tries to get in touch with "Sea Wife". Eventually Cannon, who is Biscuit, receives a letter summoning him to the Ely Retreat and Mental Home. There he meets an ill man nicknamed "Bulldog" . Bulldog tries to persuade Biscuit to give the search. A flashback reveals the backstory. In 1942, people crowd aboard a ship, the San Felix, to get away before Singapore falls to the Japanese Army. Biscuit is brusquely shouldered aside by a determined older man , who insists the ship\'s black purser  evict the people from the cabin he has reserved. However, when he sees that it is occupied by children and nuns, he reluctantly relents. The nun with her back to him is the beautiful young Sister Therese . Later, the San Felix is torpedoed by a submarine. Biscuit, Sea Wife, Bulldog and Number Four manage to get to a small liferaft. Only Number Four knows that Sea Wife is a nun; she asks him to keep her secret. It soon becomes evident that Bulldog is a racist who does not trust Number Four. Later, they encounter a Japanese submarine whose captain at first refuses to give aid, but gives them food and water when Number Four talks to him in Japanese, though what he said is kept a secret between him and Sea Wife. They are nearly being swamped by a vessel which passes by so quickly they do not have a chance to signal for help, but eventually make it to a deserted island. When Number Four finds a machete, they build a raft. Number Four insists on keeping the machete to himself, which heightens Bulldog\'s distrust. Meanwhile, Biscuit falls in love with Sea Wife; she is tempted, but rejects his romantic advances without telling him why. Finally, they are ready to set sail. Bulldog tricks Number Four into going in search of his missing machete, then casts off without him. When Biscuit tries to stop him, Bulldog knocks him unconscious with an oar. Number Four tries to swim to the raft, but is killed by a shark. The survivors are eventually picked up by a ship, and Biscuit is taken to a hospital for a long recovery. By the time he is discharged, Sea Wife has gone. Thus, he searches for her via the newspaper advertisements. Bulldog tells Biscuit that Sea Wife died on the rescue ship. Biscuit leaves the grounds and walks past two nuns without noticing that Sea Wife is one of them. She watches him go in silence.'] ['The film focuses on three African-American youths living in an urban neighborhood. Nathaniel Hamilton is a star basketball player from the neighborhood, who also goes by the nickname of "Cornbread." In the movie, he epitomizes the dream of the neighborhood to be successful, as he is about to become the first from the community to enter college on an athletic scholarship. He is also a local hero to friends Earl Carter and Wilford Robinson. The plot thickens after a pick-up basketball game ends because of a heavy rain, and all the kids run to the local store and hang out, waiting for the rain to end. All the kids leave, except for Cornbread, Earl and Wilford. Earl and Wilford get into a playful argument about how fast Cornbread can run home. It is decided that Cornbread should make it home in 25&nbsp;seconds, so he runs off, after buying another soda for himself. Unbeknownst to all of them, an assault suspect is in the area, and is dressed similarly to Cornbread. The police are hot on the suspect\'s trail, but lose him in the rain. As the police are coming out of an alleyway, they see Cornbread running by and mistake him for the suspect they\'re looking for. Subsequently, Cornbread is shot in the back, and dies in the middle of the street. Wilford screams hysterically, and a riot ensues. The coroner\'s inquest is hampered by severe police intimidation, and no one knows anything about anything, except for Wilford, who becomes a man on the witness stand by telling exactly what he saw, in graphic detail.'] ['Ruby Corey, a poor backwoods girl living in the small town of Braddock, is in love with Boake Tackman. His family used to be wealthy, but after generations of profligacy all he has left is the land he has had drained and farmed. He starts a relationship with her but plans to marry a local woman with a rich family. When she hears the news Ruby marries well-off Dr. Jim Gentry, whose invalid wife had recently died, despite not loving him. Her background keeps her from being accepted by most of Jim\'s peers, most of whom decline to attend their after-wedding party. While at a party, Jim gets into a fistfight with Boake after witnessing him dancing with Ruby. Jim calls Ruby a tramp who looks like a lady but doesn\'t behave like one. She leaves in tears, and later that night, he apologizes. The next day Jim and Ruby go sailing, where he tells her he "doesn\'t mind being second best" and she admits she really does love him. A loose rope results in Jim being knocked overboard by the boom, leaving Ruby widowed and distraught. The local paper writes that she is a gold-digger who murdered Jim for his fortune and mentions the fistfight between Jim and Boake. Jim\'s friends renounce her and she receives accusatory phone calls and harassment from the townspeople. Ruby uses Jim\'s money to begin a campaign against everyone who slighted her, calling in debts to close down people\'s businesses as well as the newspaper that slandered her. Her brother comes to beg her for leniency, but she throws him out, warning she is just getting started. When Boake visits, she gives him the promissary-note he had signed and which was acquired by Gentry, and offers to run off with him but he rejects her, saying that for all her money she can\'t buy her way out of the swamp and she can\'t buy him. Ruby has Boake\'s land flooded, ruining the crops. After seeing her fury, he goes back to her. Boake and Ruby go to her father\'s annual duck-hunting party where she goes back to her country roots and Boake drinks away his resentment before visiting her room late at night. While hunting the next day, Boake turns on Ruby in retaliation for her actions but she apologizes. Just then her estranged brother Jewel Corey begins to shoot at the couple while quoting Bible verses about the wickedness of women and sinners who must be struck down. They try to hide in the swamp but Jewel shoots Boake in the abdomen, killing him; Ruby goes after Jewel and guns him down. Cradling Boake in her arms, Ruby laments her decisions. Ruby later becomes the skipper of a fishing boat, forever looked down upon by the townspeople.'] ['Widower farmer, Dayal Singh , based in Palheri in the Chandigarh district, witnesses the exploitation of farmers at the hands of zamindars. He decides to send his elder son, Aman , to the city to study and become a lawyer, while his second son, Jiggar, would live with him and assist him in farming. Years later, the district gets a visit from Sohan Seth , who wants to buy the farm and turn the area into a commercial zone. Aman (an elder [[Arbaaz Khan  returns home and is able to join hands with his father and brother in advising the locals against Sohan. Things get out of hand when Jiggar  is arrested for Assault, and even though Aman defends him, is sentenced to five years in prison. After his discharge, Jiggar returns home to find his father bed-ridden, half of his body paralyzed, and that a number of farmers have committed suicide, while Aman, who has married his sweetheart-fellow lawyer, Priya , lives in the city, works for Sohan, and has been putting pressure on Dayal as well as other farmers to sell their farmlands. Aman starts to distance from his father due to Sohan Seth, Priya promises Dayal Singh that he will bring Aman back; suddenly a fire takes place in the village burning everything; the villain of the town throws Priya in the fire and she is burned to death. Aman finds out that Priya was working on a project  and reading the file he finds out that Sohan Seth was wrong and sends him to jail for the bad things that he done. Aman comes to live in the village with Jigar, Titli, , and his father, and there all are seen working together on the farm.'] ["Michael Conrad is a private zookeeper who owns Conrad's Animal Kingdom. He leads a cult group who literally worship the animals he tends — especially the big cats: a lion, a lioness, a pair of cheetahs, a tiger, and a black panther; as well as a gorilla. Conrad plays organ music to the animals in his living room, and uses them to kill anyone who gets in his way. Conrad is married to Edna and forces his mute son Carl to assist him."] ["In Nikaah,B.R Chopra makes a social comment on the sharia laws of divorce ([[Divorce  and its misuse among the Indian Muslim society. As per Chopra, it is a story of all woman. Haider  and Nilofar  study in the same college. Haider, an aspiring poet, falls in love with Nilofar without knowing she is in love with Wasim , who is a Nawab. Nilofar and Wasim are engaged and they eventually marry. Meanwhile, Haider becomes a successful poet and editor of a magazine. During their honeymoon, Wasim gets a new business contract and spends most of his time at work. Nilofer, who was expecting a happy married life is disappointed and feels neglected and lonely. On the occasion of their first wedding anniversary Wasim and Nilofar arrange a party for which Wasim fails to turn up. Nilofar can't face the questions of the guests and retires to her bedroom. The guests are insulted by the absence of the hosts and leave the party. This leads to a heated argument between the couple and in a moment of rage Wasim divorces Nilofar by saying Talaq three times, without fulfilling other conditions required by sharia laws to perform this . Nilofar, now a divorcee is offered a job by Haider in his magazine. During this period she realizes Haider is still in love with her. Wasim who has divorced her in a moment of anger, wants to reconcile and marry her again. He approaches the Imam and asks his advice on the matter. The Imam tells him the complexity of the Sharia law for remarrying a wife after divorcing her. This requires her to marry someone else and get a divorce later. Only then will Wasim be able to remarry Nilofar. During this time Haider expresses his love towards Nilofar and his desire to marry her. They marry with the consent of their parents. Wasim sends a letter to Nilofar asking her to divorce Haider and marry him. Haider reads this letter and thinks that Nilofar and Wasim are still in love. He decides to offer her a divorce, so that she can marry Wasim. He brings Wasim to her and offers his consent to divorce her through Talaq. But Nilofar turns it down and questions both of them on their treating of her like property rather than as a woman. She says she wants to continue her life with Haider. Wasim blesses both of them and leaves."] ["Captain Woodrow F. Call , having just buried his friend Augustus McCrae near Lonesome Dove in Texas, plans to return to his ranch in Montana. In order to make the trip profitable he decides to take a herd of wild Mustangs and drive them north with the help of Gideon Walker  and Isom Pickett . Call sends word to Newt Dobbs  that he intends to meet him at the home of Clara Allen  but Newt becomes involved in a bar fight that concludes with the death of two local men. Newt is to be hanged for the incident before he is rescued by a neighbor, Gregor Dunnigan . Newt is paroled into his custody and develops a close relationship with Gregor's young wife, Ferris Dunnigan . Call captures an outlaw named Cherokee Jack Jackson  and barely escapes with his life after Jack's gang rescues him. After his return to Montana, Call is upset to find Newt working for Dunnigan but Newt is determined to repay his debt to Call's neighbor. Newt becomes disillusioned with Dunnigan because of his campaign to drive the other ranchers of the region out of business."] ['When a prank on fellow high-school student Clay Gephardt goes wrong, popular but rebellious Landon Carter  is threatened with expulsion. His punishment is mandatory participation in various after-school activities, such as the drama club, where he is forced to interact with quiet, kind and bookish Jamie Sullivan , a girl he has known for many years but to whom he has rarely ever spoken. Their differing social statures leave them worlds apart, despite their close physical proximity. When Landon has trouble learning his lines he asks Jamie for help. They begin practicing together at her house after school. At first Landon is only using Jamie for her help with the play, and treats her coldly when his other friends are around. But as he spends more and more time with her, he is surprised to find she is far from the person he thought she was, and begins to question who he really wants to impress. During the play, Jamie astounds Landon and the entire audience with her beauty and voice, and Landon kisses her on the stage. Afterwards, he tries to get closer to her, but she repeatedly rejects him. Soon thereafter, however, Landon\'s friends publicly humiliate Jamie by altering a photograph of her and placing her head on the body of a scantily clad woman. Landon angrily confronts his former friend, punching him and publicly siding with Jamie. Afterwards, Landon and Jamie begin a relationship in which Landon dedicates most of his time to her. He discovers that she has a wish list, and sets out to make all her ambitions come true, such as taking her to a state border so that she can stand on either side of the line and, thus, be in two places at once. In the final stretch of the movie, Jamie confesses to Landon that she is afflicted by terminal leukemia and has stopped responding to treatments. Landon gets upset at first, and Jamie tells him the reason she didn\'t tell him is that she was moving on with her life and using the time she had left but then Landon happened and she fell in love with him. Jamie\'s cancer gets worse, her father rushes her to the hospital where he meets Landon. Landon doesn\'t leave Jamie\'s side until her father practically has to pry him away. Jamie\'s father sits with Jamie and tells her that "If I\'ve kept you too close, it\'s because I want to keep you longer." Soon, word gets out about Jamie\'s illness. Eric, Landon\'s best friend, comes and tells him how sorry he is and that he didn\'t understand. Other friends come and apologize too. Later, Jamie gives Landon a book that was her mother\'s filled with quotes. Landon reads 1 Corinthians 13:4-8 along with her. Jamie then tells Landon that she believes that God sent him to her to help her through her illness and that he\'s her angel. He later learns that his estranged father is going to pay for private home care for Jamie. Landon shows up at his father\'s door and thanks him before breaking down in tears as his father hugs him. Landon continues to fulfill various wishes on Jamie\'s list, such as building her a telescope so she can see a comet. Through this process, Landon and Jamie learn more about the nature of love. Landon is finally able to grant Jamie\'s top wish by marrying her in the same chapel her parents got married in. Landon narrates that they had a perfect summer together with more love than anybody could possibly know and that she died soon after. Landon himself becomes a better person through Jamie\'s memory, achieving the goals that he set out to do, like she did. Four years later, Landon visits Jamie\'s father and shows that he is still a better person because of Jamie by informing her father that he has been accepted into medical school; prior to falling in love with Jamie, he had no plans for his future after high school. Jamie\'s father tells him that both he and his mother are proud of him and that Jamie would be too. Landon tells him that he\'s sorry he never granted Jamie\'s wish to witness a miracle. Jamie\'s father tells him that she did in fact witness one: it was he. Carrying that thought, Landon goes for a walk on the docks where he narrates saying that Jamie changed him forever and that while he misses her, he believes their love is like the wind: he can\'t see it, but he can feel it. The movie ends with Landon, looking at the sunset, smiling.'] ["During the American Civil War, soldier Mike McComb is cashiered from the army when he disobeys orders in order to prevent the Confederates from stealing the one million dollars he is guarding by burning the money. After being publicly humiliated by the townspeople, he and his friend 'Pistol' Porter confiscate gambling equipment and set out to Silver City, Nevada to open a saloon and gambling hall. On his way to St. Joseph, Mike meets Georgia Moore, a beautiful but serious woman that runs the Silver River mine with her husband Stanley and is currently hiring all the available wagons. McComb wins ownership of the wagons in a poker game, much to Georgia's anger. Although he allows her to travel with him, she is unamused with McComb's playful behavior and soon abandons him. Once in Silver City, McComb, in a short time, builds the most successful saloon of the area. He hires John Plato Beck as his lawyer, an alcoholic but good-hearted man. Meanwhile, Georgia is worried when she finds out Stanley has bought back his wagons from McComb in exchange for 6,000 shares in the mine. This is only worsened when it turns out that Stanley does not have the money to finish his smelter and has to go to McComb for finances. Mike agrees to finance him, in exchange for a third interest in the mine. Furthermore, McComb announces to open a town bank, in which the townspeople can accept to pay vouchers in lieu of cash. Despite having become one of the most rich and successful men in area, his bank empire even receiving a visit from the President of the United States, Ulysses S. Grant, McComb is unable to charm Georgia. Encouraged by the President, McComb plans on extending his empire up to and including Black Rock Range. Although he is aware of the dangerous Shoshone Indians in that area, he assigns Stanley to realize his plans. When Plato makes him feel guilty, McComb warns Georgia about the danger her husband is in, but it turns out that they are too late: Stanley has been killed by the Indians. After the funeral, Georgia shortly visits San Francisco and is romanced by McComb upon her return. During a formal dinner party, Plato throws a tantrum while drunk and breaks up the party with accusations against McComb. The townspeople start to lose their faith in McComb and withdraw their money from his bank. To worsen matters, the other owners try to corner the silver market. Georgia begs McComb to reopen the mines, and when he refuses, she leaves him. Soon after, McComb is forced to file bankruptcy. Meanwhile, Plato runs for the United States Senate and in front of a crowd is killed by his competition Sweeney. McComb convinces the towsnpeople to avenge Plato's death. However, when Sweeney is about to be killed by the mob, McComb stops them and convinces them to allow Sweeney to stand trial. He promises to make Silver City a better place, and Georgia, impressed with McComb's new attitude, reunites with him."] ['Bo-yeong, young woman living with her father and aunt, believes that her mother was killed during the Korean War. She discovers that her mother is still alive, but, after having been raped by an American soldier, has dedicated her life to taking care of orphans.<ref namehttp://www.kmdb.or.kr/eng/md_basic.asp?nation02281|title2009-07-21|publisher=Korean Movie Database  }}'] ["A poor girl named Nancy  leaves to take care of her two younger sisters, Sadie  and Jane , while their father ([[Walter Perry , who is a former criminal, is sent to prison for a crime which he has not committed and dies there. At that time Jonathan Twist, a quaint philosopher and their somewhat mysterious neighbor, offers their help and Nancy finds with of the help of him a job as a seller of Cocoa Climax. Nancy marries with a British business man and peer Lord Cleveland, and she becomes Lady Cleveland. However, Lord Clevelend dies very soon, and Nancy hasn't enough income to keep up the estates of Lord Cleveland in England."] ['A lawyer  realizes that his own wife  might be having an affair while he defends a cuckolded wife-killer.'] ["The story takes place in 1903. During a train trip, psychiatrist Dr. Huntington Bailey  meets a friendly older lady . She tells him that she is going to visit her brother Nick and his lovely young wife Allida. Once in New York, Bailey hears that his train companion suddenly died. Shortly afterward, he meets the strange couple and becomes suspicious of Nick's treatment of his wife. Nick  keeps Allida , whom he is trying to pass off as crazy, a virtual prisoner in their London town house [a New York brownstone in the film], cutting off all contact with the outside world. The kindly Bailey takes it upon himself to attempt to free his new love Allida from the control of the insanely jealous Nick. A frenzied gun battle in their home features the destruction of several large aquariums, replete with shattered glass, gushing water and floundering fish may be the most memorable  scene in the film."] ['{{Plot}} The film is a frame story in which an unkempt girl, Willie Starr , tells the story of her dead sister Alva to Tom, a boy whom she meets on the railroad tracks in the middle of the school day. Willie is wearing Alva\'s clothes and jewelry, and she and Tom sit on the railroad track while Willie tells Alva\'s story, which the viewer sees in flashback. Willie\'s story opens as Owen Legate arrives to the small town of Dodson and comes upon the Starr Boarding House. A loud party is in progress, and the only person not somehow engaged in the revelry is Willie. Owen befriends Willie, although he is reluctant to answer whether he works for the railroad. Willie introduces Owen to her mother, who rents a room to Owen and explains that the party is for her birthday. The introductory scene makes it clear that Alva is the "main attraction." In the house, Mama gives change to an older man, Mr. Johnson, who has paid for the beer she is holding in her hand . Mr. Johnson is anxiously waiting for Alva to show up to the party, and Mama is apologizing for Alva\'s absence. Meanwhile, Alva has been making out with another man, Sydney, behind the house. Owen watches the transaction between Mama and Mr. Johnson as well as a car full of other men who have driven by the house, yelling, "We want Alva! We want Alva!" Willie becomes angry with Lindsey Tate, the ringleader of these men, and threatens to call her Mama. Lindsey replies, "You do that. And tell your Mama if Alva ain\'t here, we\'ll take her instead." When Alva finally arrives at the party, many men greet her and try to get her attention and dance with her. Even Mama\'s boyfriend, J.J.  is after Alva, and he kisses her in the dark. Then the birthday cake is brought in, but when it is time to blow out the candles, Mama grows upset about her age and is unable make a wish. Alva is enlisted to blow out the candles for her and make a wish, much to the delight of the men at the party. It seems fitting since the party was more for Alva than for Mama. Willie takes Owen into the kitchen for some food as the party is breaking up, and Alva makes a pretense of needing some ice to cool herself off in order to go into the kitchen to meet the stranger. There she launches into a fanciful story about Sydney taking her dancing at the Peabody Hotel in Memphis. Willie is entranced, but Owen is skeptical since the story seems to be told in multiple choice format. Alva is angered by this, and returns to Sydney. She then launches into a new fantasy about riding the train, the Hummingbird Express, to New Orleans, where Owen has just stated he is from. This is the first of many statements by Alva alluding to Mardi Gras, and generally to getting out of Dodson some way. Owen sees Sydney kiss Alva from his room, and she sees him watching and goes inside. Both Willie and Alva seem to be curious and a little unnerved that there is a man staying in Papa\'s room, which has been empty since their father left them. On her way up the stairs Alva pretends she is looking for Willie in order to make an excuse to go into Owen\'s room. Sheepishly, Alva admits she\'s never been to the Peabody, but asserts that feeling like she was there is just as good as being there. Owen disagrees, and says, "You know there was a cat once who fell asleep in the sun, and he dreamt that he was a man who fell asleep in the sun who dreamt he was a cat. And when he woke up, he didn\'t know whether he was a man or a cat." Alva shrugs this off, and begins to talk herself up. Owen propositions her as though she were "included with the room." Alva angrily leaves and goes to her room to cry. Mama enters the girls\' room and tells Alva that she has to go out on a date with Mr. Johnson the next night because Mama "wouldn\'t like it if he got dissatisfied and moved out right now. Nobody but a conductor can afford to pay what he does for that big old north room." It is clear that Mama deliberately uses Alva to attract men to the boarding house. Alva again escapes into a reverie about getting away from Dodson, and attending a masked ball at Mardi Gras. She also mentions the above-ground graves in New Orleans, saying that the worst part about being buried underground would be not being able to breathe. This is the first reference to Alva\'s lung problems, which are also a symbol for the suffocation she feels in the small town and under her mother\'s control. The next day Willie, who is skipping Vacation Bible School, sees Owen on his way to work. Owen confronts Lindsey Tate, who is again harassing Willie about Alva. Owen shoves strawberry ice cream into Tate\'s face and heads off to work. Owen does work for the railroad, and he has come to town to lay off several railroad employees due to cutbacks made necessary by the depression. The next evening, Mr. Johnson is waiting for Alva to get ready for their date, but she is avoiding it. Mr. Johnson buys Alva an expensive gold bracelet, and Alva explains that Mr. Johnson should be giving such gifts to his wife. He tells her that his wife is an invalid who stays in a nursing home just outside Baton Rouge. She makes an excuse to get Mr. Johnson to go inside, then leads Owen into the garden to show him her father\'s red-headed scarecrow. In the garden Alva says her father just left the family "to find greener pastures." Alva believes her father will come back, but it\'s obvious that she is hoping in vain. Owen confronts Alva about her arrangement with her Mama, which Alva doesn\'t want to face and won\'t admit to. He makes her angry, insinuating that she is a prostitute  In her anger, she runs back to Mr. Johnson, tells him she will accept the bracelet after all, and invites everyone in the house to go skinny-dipping. Mr. Johnson won\'t go, but Mama, J.J. and the other guests do join Alva. In the water, J.J. manages to get Alva alone and comes on to her. When she refuses him, J.J. tells Alva that Owen is a "spotter" who has come to lay off most of the town. Alva doesn\'t believe him, but she runs to Owen\'s room dripping wet anyway to confront him about it. The two end up spending the night together, and when they wake up most of the boarders have received their pink slips from the railroad company. Since most of the town is out of work, Mama has arranged for the family to accompany Mr. Johnson to Memphis, where he will take care of them. It\'s understood that he will be seeing a lot of Alva in Memphis. Meanwhile, Owen buys Alva a ticket to go with him to New Orleans. As he is on his way into the house to give Alva the good news, he overhears Mama telling her friend about the Memphis arrangement with Mr. Johnson. Knowing that Owen spent the night with Alva, Mama plays up the fact that Alva is "just wild to go" to Memphis. Owen is hurt and yells at Alva about it, above Alva\'s pleas not to listen to Mama. Owen leaves for New Orleans, and Alva is left alone with Mama and Mr. Johnson. Mama, J.J., Alva, and Mr. Johnson go out to "celebrate" their new arrangement, and in her hurt and anger, Alva gets drunk. She begins to openly confront J.J. about his constant pursuit of her, and gets him to admit in front of Mama that he\'d rather be with Alva than with Mama. Alva marries J.J. that night out of spite, but steals his money and their marriage license the next morning and runs away to New Orleans while J.J. is still asleep. Finally free of Dodson and Mama, Alva tours New Orleans. The film contains several scenes of New Orleans landmarks including Bourbon Street, Jackson Square, and Lake Pontchartrain. Alva eventually finds Owen in New Orleans, and they are happy together. She misses her sister, Willie, however, and sends Willie a postcard inviting her to join Owen and Alva in New Orleans. One day Alva and Owen come home to find Mama in the house. Alva is terrified because she hasn\'t told Owen about her marriage to J.J. Mama takes control of the situation and tells Alva to get her coat, but Owen stands up to her. Mama reveals to Owen that Alva married J.J., which Owen doesn\'t believe until he sees the look on Alva\'s face. Alva runs out into the rain, crying. The film cuts back to Willie and Tom on the railroad tracks, and Willie explains that Alva died of "lung affection"  which had been alluded to earlier in the film.'] ['{{Expand section}} Following the plot of the opera, "Carmen," this story follows the wild gypsy\'s adventures as a siren and bandit. Carmen  lures an innocent soldier  to his ruin, getting him expelled from the army. He then turns to banditry, killing Carmen\'s husband  and others. All this makes for an unhappy ending with the innocent repenting his sins and dying for them'] ["Set in the 17th-century, an Italian nobleman weds an impoverished countess, who is wooed by the King of Piedmont and faces pressure from his entire court to succumb to his wishes.  In the middle 16th century Duke Emmanuel Philibert moved the Duchy's capital from Chambéry to Turin. In the early 18th century the Savoy family acquired the title of Kings of Sardinia."] ['A wealthy family of six with three daughters and a son grow together learning from and experiencing all the lessons of life. With firm and loving parents all four children find love and although not all marry right away, they are happy. Even when one parent dies, the household carries on as strong as ever. Así es la vida is a story of family strength and close personal relationships.   *Enrique Muiño *Elías Alippi *Enrique Serrano *Arturo García Buhr *Sabina Olmos *Alberto Bello *Myrna Bonillas *Fernando Campos *Héctor Coire *Niní Gambier *Alfredo Jordan *Felisa Mary *Alímedes Nelson *José Ruzzo *Pablo Vicuña'] ["Dr. Richard Talbot, unhappy with the dull routine of his married life, begins an affair with nightclub singer Nora Prentiss. Feeling unable to ask his wife for a divorce, he fakes his own death by substituting a dead man's body for his own. He and Nora then move from San Francisco to New York, where Nora continues her singing career. Meanwhile, Talbot drinks heavily and becomes increasingly paranoid and reclusive as he learns that his death is under investigation. After a fight with Nora's nightclub boss, Talbot crashes his car and his face is badly scarred. The police, not realizing that the man is Talbot, arrest him for his own murder. Guilty about the suffering he caused his family and feeling he has no future, Talbot convinces Prentiss to keep his secret, allowing him to be convicted and executed."] ["Maria, a Venezuelan woman returns to Venezuela from France when she learns that her aunt Oriana has died and willed her a crumbling and remote Venezuelan hacienda where Maria spent a short time as a girl just entering puberty. Maria goes to the hacienda, a fine, decaying old house in a tropical jungle at the edge of the sea, to prepare the place for sale; while visiting the house, Maria starts wandering through the halls and rooms and she begin to remember her visit years before. While going through her aunt's papers, she also start to find some clues to her aunt's behaviour. Maria is haunted by flashbacks to her childhood, when she spent several months at the hacienda in the company of only the beautiful and mysterious Oriana and Fidelia, a quarrelsome old retainer who constantly hints at terrible events that are best forgotten. In flashbacks, the film show the young Maria trying to understand the quiet but strange atmosphere that surrounds the place while sorting out why Oriana never leaves the hacienda and what secret may be in Oriana's past. The young Maria, as she learns things, imagines her aunt's youth, cruel father, and first love. After these reveries within reveries, Maria, now a grown woman, eventually makes one more discovery by connecting some issues, finding evidence that someone never seen may also be living in the vicinity. After that, Maria decides not to sell the house."] ['Judy Garland plays a superstar singer named Jenny Bowman. She had met a man 15-16 years before who was now a prominent physician . They had a child together whom she let his father raise in England. Jenny wants to finally see him, but in the end is left to the stage. Originally titled The Lonely Stage, it was renamed I Could Go On Singing, so that audiences would know it was the first time Garland sang in a movie since A Star Is Born in 1954. The movie contains Garland concert musical numbers including "By Myself", "Hello Bluebird", "It Never Was You", and the title song, "I Could Go On Singing".'] ['Gideon Oliver Dobbs is a man with a mental disability. He moves into a nursing home known as Lakeview, with many elderly inhabitants. They are all grumpy old men and women. Gideon is much younger than the other residents, which causes confusion when he first introduces himself. His view of life make the seniors look at their lives in a different way.'] ["Linda Blair (fresh off her success with [[The Exorcist  stars as a 14-year-old runaway who, after getting arrested one too many times, is sentenced to do time in a girls juvenile detention center, which doubles as a reform school for the girls. Blair's character, Christine Parker, comes from an abusive home. Her father  beat her on a regular basis, which caused Chris to run away many times. Her mother  is just as troubled as Chris is; unfeeling, sitting in her recliner, watching television and smoking cigarettes all day, and in denial to what her husband is doing. While the movie had a morality play tone, calling attention to the harsh conditions of juvenile detention centers, it also blamed society for Christine's downfall. All through the movie, Chris' social worker never realizes that her parents caused her to run away and the juvenile justice system focused all the blame and punishment on Christine for her bad behavior. With the exception of one dedicated counselor , the reform school personnel were mostly apathetic and allowed an unhealthy, destructive culture to fester in the school. By the very end of the movie, despite the counselor's best efforts to help Christine talk about her problems, she watched helplessly as an innocent, decent girl is transformed into a violent, pathological, manipulaive and cold person with no longer having any guilt or remorse for her actions."] ["In 1931, the working-class family Andersson of Ådalen are taking part in a massive sympathy strike for workers in the town Marma. Harald, the father of the family, catches fish and manages to support his family while maintaining a good mood. Kjell, the oldest son, works at the office of the local sawmill manager, and is taught about classical music, impressionism and French pronunciation by the manager's wife. He plays in a jazz band with his friend Nisse with whom he also discusses things like girls, erogenous zones and hypnosis. As spring commences, the manager's daughter Anna comes home for school holiday. She and Kjell fall in love, and she becomes pregnant with his child. When the sawmill is to deliver a big order to America, strikebreakers are called in from other towns. The local strikers become furious and police has to be called in to protect the strikebreakers. Still they are attacked by an angry crowd while working at the Sandviken wharf outside Kramfors. Some are thrown into the water, while others are beaten bloody. Harald takes care of an injured strikebreaker, but is confronted by a group of angry workers. He tries to argue for them to calm down and rely on discussion instead of violence, but they do not agree with his stance. Because of the turbulence, military troops arrive to ensure safety. It is also decided by the County Administrative Board that the strikebreakers should be prohibited from working, but this information doesn't reach the upset locals, who decide to march to the locality where the strikebreakers are staying to get rid of them. When the military troops fail in persuading the participants to stop, they open fire. Five people are killed and five more are injured. Among the dead are Harald Andersson, Nisse and a young girl who had only been a bystander. Around the same time, Anna returns from Stockholm where she has had an abortion arranged by her mother. When Kjell is told about the abortion by Anna's father, he interprets it as if he isn't accepted within the bourgeois idyll. A general strike is proclaimed. While Kjell is occupied as a strike guard, he meets the man who had previously argued with his father. The man claims that the father wasn't innocent, since he had helped to divide the workers. Not until now they were united. Kjell does not agree, instead claiming that education is the key to a better society. Slowly the Andersson family recover from the loss, and eventually the factories open again."] 