["Futile Attraction is about the filming of a reality dating show in which the main characters are so incompatible that the film crew have to manipulate and lie to them in order to keep them together. Randal  is a telemarketer with a passion for telephones who has never quite broken away from his controlling mother; Germaine  is an activist who agrees to be filmed in order to publicise the threat a new dam poses to her favourite stream. During the filming, presenter Dudley , who is willing to do anything to get himself looking good on camera, clashes with Anne , who prefers to ignore their boss's ever-changing scripting instructions in preference to a more objective look at the reality of the relationship."] ['In an attempt to impress his American girlfriend, Mischa, actor Steve Coogan accepts a commission from the Sunday newspaper, The Observer, to undertake a tour of leading restaurants in the north of England for a column in their monthly food magazine. However, when Mischa, who was expected to accompany Coogan on the tour, insists that they take a break from their relationship and returns to America, Coogan is obliged to search for another companion. After finding that other friends are "busy", he decides with feelings of some ambivalence to invite his former colleague, Rob Brydon, with whom he shares an uneasily competitive relationship. In the course of the trip, they eat a series of gourmet meals and visit sites linked to the Romantic poets Coleridge and Wordsworth, Coogan has casual sex with a couple of women working at their hotels, and the two men indulge in various forms of one-upmanship, including exchanging impersonations of famous actors such as Anthony Hopkins, Sean Connery and most notably Michael Caine. At the end of the trip, Brydon returns to a nondescript suburban home and his evidently loving wife and child, while Coogan comes back to a glamorous but lonely riverside apartment: the closing shots show him staring broodingly out of the window. In the end he calls back his agent to reject a deal for the lead role in a US drama in order to remain close with his family.'] ['Kenny is a mockumentary that follows the fictional Kenny through his daily life. His work and his personal relationships are explored as Kenny goes about his day to day activities and speaks directly to the camera and his audience. Kenny provides a most basic service to the community: portable toilets. The audience sees Kenny interviewing potential clients and involved in major public events. It is important to Kenny to know the kind of food and drink to be served at these events as this will determine the level of service he provides. Never ashamed of his job, Kenny regards himself as a professional. Even at the most prestigious events for which he caters, Kenny realises that the most glamorous will need his portable toilets. He sees life in all of its complexities through the need of his services. When Kenny travels to Nashville to attend a toilet convention, he is thrilled to travel outside his native Melbourne. His ingenuousness and commitment to his profession opens business opportunities in Japan and the potential for a new relationship. Kenny declines the opportunity to become an executive and is ambivalent about the new relationship, until she shows herself to be sincerely interested in Kenny, for himself.'] ['The film is a parody of community theater set in the small, fictional town of Blaine, Missouri. It chronicles the trials and tribulations of a handful of utterly delusional residents as they prepare to put on a community theater production led by eccentric director Corky St. Clair, played by Christopher Guest. The show, a musical chronicling the town\'s history, titled Red, White and Blaine, is to be performed as part of the town\'s 150th anniversary celebration. Along with Guest, the film stars Catherine O\'Hara and Fred Willard as Ron and Sheila Albertson, a pair of married travel agents  who are also regular amateur performers, and give their companions a little too much information at a restaurant dinner; Parker Posey as the perpetual Dairy Queen employee Libby Mae Brown; Bob Balaban as Lloyd Miller, the increasingly frustrated musical director who actually possesses some talent; Lewis Arquette as Clifford Wooley, a "long time Blaineian" and retired taxidermist who is Red, White and Blaines bean-loving narrator; Matt Keeslar as the handsome and oblivious mechanic Johnny Savage, who Corky goes out of his way to get into the play; and Eugene Levy as Dr. Alan Pearl, a tragically square dentist determined to discover his inner entertainer. Brian Doyle-Murray appears briefly as Savage\'s dad and boss who is immediately suspicious of Corky\'s eccentric behavior. Corky has presumably used connections gained from his "off-off-off-off" Broadway past to invite Mort Guffman, a Broadway producer, to critique Red, White and Blaine. Corky leads the cast to believe that a positive review from Guffman could mean that the group can take their show all the way to Broadway. The program itself is designed to musically retell the history of Blaine, whose founding father was a buffoon incapable of distinguishing the geography of middle Missouri and the Pacific coastline. We also learn why the town refers to itself rather obtusely as "the stool capital of the United States". The music contained within is a series of grating and poorly performed songs such as "Nothing Ever Happens on Mars" , and "Stool Boom". The DVD contains "This Bulging River" and "Nothing Ever Happens in Blaine", which were edited from the cinema release. Central to the film are Corky St. Clair\'s stereotypically gay mannerisms. He supposedly has a wife called Bonnie, whom no-one in Blaine has ever met or seen; he uses her to explain his habit of shopping for women\'s clothing and shoes. When Johnny Savage is forced by his suspicious father  to quit the show, Corky takes over his roles, which were clearly intended for a young, masculine actor: a lusty young frontiersman, a heartbroken soldier, and a little boy wearing a beanie and shorts. St. Clair never sheds his dainty demeanor, bowl haircut, lisp or earring in spite of his historical roles, and his face is pasted with an overkill of stage rouge and eyeliner. Corky is also faced with creating his magic on a shoestring budget, and at one point quits the show after storming out of a meeting with the City Council, who turns down his request for $100,000 to finance the production. But the distraught cast and persuasive city fathers convince Corky to return to the show . At the show\'s performance, Guffman\'s seat is seen to be empty, much to the dismay of the cast; Corky assures them that Broadway producers always arrive a bit late for the show, and sure enough a man  soon takes Guffman\'s reserved seat. The show is well received by the audience, and St. Clair invites the assumed Guffman backstage to talk to the actors. Upon arriving, he declares that he is not Guffman, and had come to Blaine to witness the birth of his niece\'s baby but enjoyed the show. Corky then reads a telegram stating that Guffman\'s plane was grounded by snowstorms in New York . An epilogue shows the fates of the cast: While Libby Mae has returned yet again to the Dairy Queen, Dr. Pearl and the Albertsons have both pursued their dreams of being entertainers: Ron and Sheila travel to Hollywood to work as extras, and Dr. Pearl now entertains elderly Jews in Florida retirement communities. Corky has returned to New York, where he has opened a Hollywood-themed novelty shop, which includes such items as Brat Pack bobblehead dolls, My Dinner with Andre action figures, and The Remains of the Day lunch boxes. When Corky is showing his collection, a Charlie Weaver doll can be seen. Charlie Weaver aka Cliff Arquette was Lewis Arquette\'s dad.'] [' The Empire of Izmer has long been a divided land, ruled by the Mages, an elite group of magic users, who oppress the lower Commoners. The antagonist of the film, an evil mage named Profion  creates a sceptre that allows him to control Gold Dragons. He tries it out on a golden dragon, but the dragon breaks the spell on the sceptre, and starts killing Profion\'s minions. Profion kills the dragon, which bleeds into the river, causing it to catch fire. Many of the inhabitants notice, entering the protagonists of the film, a pair of thieves named Ridley  and Snails . They conspire to break into the Magic School, the elite learning place of the Mages, and steal magic items. Later, Profion and the Council talk about the controversial views of Empress Savina ; who wants to stop Profion and free the commoners, who are non-magic users. Meanwhile, Ridley and Snails break into the magic school and begin to steal magical items, but are caught by a young mage named Marina , who casts a spell on them which ties them together with an invisible rope. She gets distracted, and pulls Ridley and Snails along with her when the Library wizard is held hostage and interrogated by Profion\'s henchman, Damodar , for info on where to find a map to a magic sceptre, called the Rod of Saville, that can control Red Dragons. He refuses to talk and sends the map to Marina, and is at once killed by Damodar. Marina gets the map and travels through a magic portal to escape, dragging Ridley and Snails with her. After crashing into a pile of garbage, they meet a dwarf named Elwood , who ends up joining Ridley, Snails and Marina escaping through a sewer. Damodar puts a price on Marina, Ridley, Snails and Elwood\'s heads. After letting Profion know that the protagonists got away with the map, Profion creates a tentacled monster inside Damodar\'s head. The protagonists hide in a tavern and read the map when Ridley and Marina get sucked into it. Damodar and his henchmen arrive and attempt to capture Snails and Elwood as well as obtain the map, but they manage to get away. Outside the inn, Ridley and Marina exit the map and all decide to work together to find the Rod of Saville. They have to find a red ruby called the "Eye of the Dragon" that can open the door to a tomb where the Rod rests. The ruby is located in a hazardous maze that is owned by a thief named Xilus  who\'ll give the protagonists the "Eye of the Dragon" if Ridley survives the maze and obtains the ruby. Ridley manages to get the "Eye of the Dragon", but Xilus then attempts to take the ruby by force when Damodar shows up. Marina gets captured while Ridley, Snails and Elwood escape, meeting an elf named Norda ([[Kristen Wilson  who works as a tracker for Empress Savina and informs the Empress about Profion\'s plans to get the Rod of Saville. Meanwhile, Damodar tries interrogating Marina, but when she refuses to talk, Damodar uses the tentacles of the monster in his head to gain the knowledge he seeks. Ridley and Snails break into the castle where Marina is imprisoned to rescue her, while Norda and Elwood stay behind. Ridley and Snails split up and Ridley finds Marina. Snails falls into a quicksand trap in Damodar\'s room after finding the map and some magical powder. Snails is then chased through the castle by Damodar, while Ridley and Marina fight to get back out. They follow Snails and Damodar to the roof where Snails is killed by Damodar when he throws the map to Ridley. Ridley becomes enraged at Damodar and attacks him, but Damodar disarms him and stabs him in the shoulder with his own sword. In the confusion Marina grabs some of the magic dust that Snails pilfered and casts a spell to knock down Damodar and picks up Ridley. She then uses a portal to help them escape, leaving the corpse of Snails behind. Back at the council chambers, Profion and Empress Savina battle over the future of Izmir. Meanwhile, an elf  heals Norda\'s soldiers and Ridley. Ridley has a dream of a dragon being born, and learns that if Profion and Savina go to war, it will tip the balance of magic in the world. Later, Ridley accuses Marina of being an "evil mage", because of the Mages\' oppressions of the Commoners. Marina tells Ridley that he is wrong, and that the Empress is trying to solve all of the things that Ridley hates. Eventually, they become love interests and Ridley uses the "Eye of the Dragon" to finally get the Rod of Saville, which is held by the Skeleton of Saville in the tomb. The skeleton comes to life and warns Ridley that "anyone who wields the power of the rod shall suffer a horrible fate". Meanwhile, Damodar arrives outside and captures the other three companions. When Ridley comes out, Damodar requests the Rod in exchange for his companions. Ridley gives the Rod to Damodar, who orders the execution of Ridley and his companions; then turns to leave to complete his mission. Norda stabs her guards with hidden knives, frees Marina and Elwood and they all follow Ridley to the capital city of Sumdall. Meanwhile, in Sumdall, Profion uses Mages to fight the Empress. Savina calls forth Gold Dragons and they fight the Mages. Damodar shows up with the Rod, and Profion reluctantly frees Damodar from the creature in his head . Profion then climbs to a high platform to summon Red Dragons to fight the Gold Dragons. Ridley arrives and battles Damodar, stabbing him and throwing him from the ledge, avenging Snails. He then attacks Profion, who disarms him and shoves him back. Ridley\'s companions arrive and fight Profion one at a time. Ridley picks up the fallen Rod of Saville, and fights the power it holds. Profion encourages Ridley to use the Rod, but Ridley refuses and destroys it. Empress Savina arrives and condemns Profion, having a Gold Dragon come and eat him. She praises all of the adventurers, hailing them as heroes. Ridley later visits Snails\' grave , where he tells Snails that he is now "Ridley the Savior", echoing Snails\' claim at the beginning of the film. Snails\' engraved name then disappears and Norda tells Ridley not to question his abilities. Ridley, Norda, Marina and Elwood then touch the "Eye of the Dragon" and dissipate magically, ending the film.'] ["Devin Ratray is a musician and besotted admirer of Condoleezza Rice, 'Condi,' who travels across America, learning more about Rice from those who knew her.<ref namehttp://www.radaronline.com/exclusives/2008/10/radar-exclusive-move-over-w-condi-is-getting-her-own-movie.php |titleRadar Online |date2011-08-07}} He speaks to her childhood friends in Birmingham, Alabama. In Denver, Colorado, he performs at Red Rocks,{{cite web}} Ratray follows Rice's rise to Provost of Stanford University in California, where he also discovers that she reversed affirmative action programs. In Los Angeles, he is given courtship advice by Adrian Grenier,http://www.mammothtimes.com/content/view/99365/{{dead link}}"] ["The story concerns a young documentary film-maker, Bernard Heiman, who has decided to chronicle the making of a pornographic motion picture for his next project. He selects as his subject a movie being directed by Chuck Steak , a twenty-five year veteran of the porn industry. Chuck plans to produce a $40,000 movie that is shot on motion picture film, as he regards himself as a film-maker first and pornographer second. Bernard begins shooting his documentary and is introduced to Chuck's large crew and cast. He especially becomes attracted to a young performer named Pursey Galore, who is new to the porn industry. As the film develops it becomes clear that Chuck treats his co-workers more like a family rather than colleagues, as they all deeply care about each other and view Chuck as a paternal figure. As the film develops Chuck must deal with several crises, including a group of protesters who object to pornography and a pending legal proceeding that stems from him throwing a flower pot at a man's head. All the while he remains determined to fulfill his ambition of filming the world's largest recorded orgy."] ['EDtv starts off with the television channel True TV commencing interviews for a TV show that shows a normal person\'s life 24/7. This idea was thought up by a TV producer named Cynthia . They interview Ed Pekurny  and his brother, Ray . When the producers see the interview Cynthia decides to use Ed and interviews only Ed. So now they start airing the show, which they call Ed TV. The show is a total failure at first, as only boring things happen and the main producers want to pull the plug, except for Cynthia. However, Ed TV suddenly gets interesting on Day 3 when Ed visits Ray. Ed  discovers that Ray is cheating on his girlfriend Shari . Ed then visits Shari to apologize to her for Ray\'s actions. Shari is very drunk and starts insulting Ray, by talking to the camera. She makes everyone laugh and gasp by saying "Ray was a bad lay." Ed tries to comfort Shari, and he reveals he has feelings for her. She then reveals she has feelings for Ed as well. They slowly move their faces closer and finally kiss each other. Ed then locks out the camera crew and proceeds to passionately kiss Shari for a while. Ed TV suddenly becomes extremely popular. Ed then goes on The Tonight Show with Jay Leno and meets beautiful model/actress Jill  who takes a liking to Ed. Ed then visits Shari and she tells Ed that she does not want to be with him until the Show stops airing. She then leaves town. Ed goes to the park with Ray and some friends to play football when Jill comes to talk to him, because Cynthia brought her in to earn more ratings. She invites Ed to dinner at her house. When he arrives at Jill\'s house, there is a massive crowd. They have a small talk, and then they kiss on top of a table. They are about to have sex, but then Ed falls off the table and squishes Jill\'s cat. Ed never sees Jill again. Ed\'s father , who abandoned his family when Ed was 13, unexpectedly visits Ed and informs him that he left because Ed\'s mother was having an affair with Ed\'s current stepfather, Al . Ed is furious with his mother and argues with her. Next, Ed gets a phone call telling him to come to the hospital. The doctor says that his father is dead and that he died making love to his wife. Ed thinks this means Al, but it actually is his real father and that Ed\'s mother was cheating on Al. After the funeral, Ed becomes disheartened by the fact that the producers want him to stay on longer and that he cannot do anything to change their minds or he would be in breach of his contract. Ed is depressed until he catches a glimpse of Shari . He chases her for a long time until she stops in the women\'s bathroom in a movie theater. She says she is staying with her brother as it is his birthday and she just wanted to see Ed. But she does not want to be with him until the show stops. When Ed exits, one camera man stays with Shari saying that it is the producers\' new idea. The main camera man tells him that all his family are being filmed, but they show the most interesting person. Ed gets an idea on how to stop the main producer from showing the show: he says that he will give $10,000 to the person who can give him the best amount of "dirt" on the producers and that he will announce it live, with the desired result being they stop airing the show before he can make the announcement. As Cynthia feels sorry for Ed, she tells him a secret of the main producer. Ed announces the secret  but before he can announce who it is they stop airing the show.'] ['The film follows Caveh Zahedi on a road trip to Las Vegas with his father and half-brother in an attempt to prove the existence of God. He posits that if God exists, and if God is indeed omniscient, omnipotent and omnibenevolent, then all the filmmaker has to do is roll the camera and let God direct the movie. In an attempt "to force God\'s hand" and change the direction of the film, Zahedi tries persuade his father and half-brother to take Ecstasy with him. When they refuse, things quickly start to unravel.'] ['Three young friends and aspiring rappers, Albert , Euripides , and Otis  want to make their big break. In order to get their name heard, they appeal to local crime kingpin and nightclub owner Gusto , but during a failed meeting the police rush in and throw Gusto in jail. Gusto believes that the trio set him up, swearing revenge when he is released from prison. However, while Gusto is locked up, Albert steals his criminal background and identity to become "MC Gusto", and forms the hardcore gangsta rap group CB4 . CB4 becomes the hottest band on the charts with controversial hits like "Sweat of my Balls" and "Straight Outta Locash", and their rise to fame is documented by an aspiring director  and his cameraman. As an ambitious politician  seeks to shut them down for obscenity charges, tensions between the group arise over one member\'s gold-digging groupie girlfriend . The group breaks up, and the strain of the charade takes its toll on Albert\'s family life and relationship with his wholesome girlfriend Daliha . Gusto eventually escapes from prison and sets out to get revenge by making Albert appear to really be the criminal he pretends to be, but the plan backfires and Gusto is sent to prison for life. Albert gives up the pretense of being a gangsta, and the group has a happy reunion tour.'] ['Jimmy Connelly  is a milkman who is thrust into the spotlight after a brutal fighter, Pete Wright , gets injured. Under manager Herbie Bush , Jimmy must fight the middleweight champion of the world, Jose Mendez . It includes numerous references to Rocky. Within the lead up to the fight with Mendez, Jimmy has to take part in a press conference, in which Bush recommends him to give Mendez fighting talk. However, this leads to Jimmy being seen as a fascist and a disgrace to England after being seen as racist. After Jimmy realises the harm Bush has caused, he calls off the fight. As Bush and the training team look for Jimmy, they find him cleaning his old milk cart. In a negotiation to help the town in order to fight, Jimmy is persuaded to participate. In the locker room, minutes before the fight, as Jimmy and his crew walk backstage, Wright holds a shotgun to them, whilst the camera crew is also held hostage, filming the event. Wright leads them to a room were Jimmy is forced to fight Mendez, who is also held hostage. After getting substantially battered by Mendez, Jimmy manages to fight back, but then Wright smacks his head with the gun. Then Wright goes to shoot Mendez, leaving him praying for his life. Then Jimmy punches Wright, leaving him knocked out. With the film crew recording the event, Jimmy becomes a hero, not only in Britain, but his home town.'] ['Best in Show is presented as a documentary of five dogs and their owners destined to show in the Mayflower Kennel Club Dog Show, held in Philadelphia. The documentary jumps among owners as they prepare to leave for the show, arrive at the hotel, and prepare backstage before their dog takes the show, as well as post-show. The owners and their dogs include: * Gerry and Cookie Fleck , with their Norwich Terrier Winky - :A middle-class couple from Florida, who run into monetary problems and are forced to sleep in the hotel\'s storage room when they finally arrive. Throughout the film, they encounter men whom Cookie slept with during her youth. * Meg and Hamilton Swan , with their Weimaraner Beatrice - :An upper-class, stereotypical yuppie couple from Chicago, they think they are taking great care of Beatrice , going as far as taking her to a therapist after she sees Meg and Hamilton have sex. At the show, the Swans believe that Beatrice will become unnerved without her favorite toy, the "Busy Bee", and frantically search for a replacement for it before the show. * Harlan Pepper  and his Bloodhound Hubert - :Pepper\'s family has raised a variety of hounds for generations, and Harlan continues the tradition by raising bloodhounds . * Sherri Ann and Leslie Ward Cabot  with their Standard Poodle Rhapsody in White  - :A two-time past winner of the show. Sherri Ann is a luscious big-breasted blonde; the elderly Leslie is her sugar daddy. Their relationship is reminiscent of the marriage between Anna Nicole Smith and J. Howard Marshall II. Sherri Ann is primarily worried about giving Rhapsody a makeover; however, trainer Christy Cummings  makes sure the dog is truly ready for the show, while Leslie remains utterly oblivious and apathetic. Over the course of the film, Sherri Ann and Leslie\'s fake couplehood crumples, while Sherri Ann and Christy\'s romantic involvement becomes apparent. * Scott Donlan and Stefan Vanderhoof  and their Shih Tzu Miss Agnes - :A campy gay couple, they take great pride in their dog, and are confident that she will win the competition. The owners and their dogs all arrive in time for the show, which is hosted by dog expert Trevor Beckwith , and oblivious "color" commentator Buck Laughlin . During the first round, Beatrice is disqualified when Hamilton cannot control her, but the other four dogs advance to the final round. Just before the finals, Cookie dislocates her knee and insists that Gerry take over for her. Though the audience is initially awed by seeing Gerry\'s "two left feet" , ultimately Winky takes Best in Show. Afterwards, the film explores what each character is doing after the competition. Gerry and Cookie returned home to Florida and were overcome with attention after the victory. They go on to record, in amusingly bad style, songs about terriers but discover to Gerry\'s frustration that the recording engineer is yet another of Cookie\'s ex-boyfriends . Sherri Ann and Christy have entered into a partnership  and publish a magazine for lesbian owners of purebred dogs, called American Bitch. Harlan fulfills his dreams and becomes a ventriloquist, entertaining sparse crowds with a honky tonk song and dance number. Stefan and Scott are in the process of designing a calendar featuring Shih Tzu dogs appearing in scenes, with appropriate costume, from famous classic films, such as Gone with the Wind and Casablanca  Hamilton and Meg Swan seem to have given Beatrice away, allowing them to enjoy a calmer, more loving partnership as well as a new dog  that they claim enjoys watching them make love.'] ['Kazakh television personality Borat Sagdiyev leaves Kazakhstan for the "Greatest Country in the World," the "US and A" to make a documentary at the behest of the Kazakh Ministry of Information. He leaves behind his wife Oksana and other inhabitants of his village including "the town rapist", "the town mechanic and abortionist", bringing along his producer Azamat Bagatov and a pet chicken. In New York, Borat sees an episode of Baywatch on television and immediately falls in love with Pamela Anderson. While interviewing and mocking a panel of feminists, he learns her name and her residence in California. Borat is then informed by telegram that his wife has been killed by a bear. Delighted, he secretly resolves to make Anderson his new wife in California; Azamat is told they are going to California because "Pearl Harbor is there. So is Texas." Azamat is afraid of flying because of the September 11, 2001 attacks, which he believes were the work of Jews. Borat, therefore, takes driving lessons and buys a dilapidated ice-cream truck for the journey. During the trip, Borat acquires a Baywatch booklet at a yard sale and continues gathering footage for his documentary. He meets gay pride parade participants, politicians Alan Keyes and Bob Barr, and African American youths. Borat is also interviewed on live television and disrupts the weather report. Visiting a rodeo, Borat excites the crowd with jingoistic American remarks, but then sings a fictional Kazakhstani national anthem to the tune of "The Star-Spangled Banner", receiving a strong negative reaction. Staying at a bed-and-breakfast, Borat and his producer are stunned to learn their hosts are Jewish. Fearful at the hands of their hosts, the two escape after throwing money toward cockroaches, believing they are their Jewish hosts transformed. While Azamat advises a return to New York, Borat attempts to buy a handgun to defend himself against Jews. When told he cannot buy a gun because he is not an American citizen, Borat purchases a bear for protection. Borat seeks advice from an etiquette coach who suggests that Borat attends a private dinner at an eating club in the South, at which he  insults or otherwise offends the other guests, and gets kicked out after he lets Luenell, an African-American prostitute, into the house and shows her to the table. Borat befriends Luenell, and she invites him into a relationship with her, but he kindly tells her that he is in love with someone else. Borat then visits an antique shop with a display of Confederate heritage items, breaking glass and crockery. The journey is interrupted when Borat, just out of the bathtub, exits the bathroom of his hotel room and sees Azamat masturbating over a picture of Pamela Anderson in the Baywatch book. Borat becomes enraged and reveals his real motive for traveling to California. Azamat becomes livid at Borat\'s deception, and the situation escalates into a fully nude brawl with homoerotic undertones,Rabin, Nathan. Borat: Cultural Learnings Of America For Make Benefit Glorious Nation Of Kazakhstan. A.V. Club, 2006-11-2. Retrieved on 2007-04-09. which spills out into the hallway, a crowded elevator, and ultimately into a packed convention ballroom. The two are finally separated by security guards. As a result, Azamat abandons Borat, taking his passport, all of their money, and their bear, whose head is later seen inside Azamat\'s motel refrigerator. Borat begins to hitchhike to California, but is soon picked up by drunken fraternity brothers from the University of South Carolina. On learning the reason for his trip, they show him the Pam and Tommy sex video, revealing that she is not the virgin he thought she was. After leaving the three students, Borat becomes despondent, burning the Baywatch booklet and, by mistake, his return ticket to Kazakhstan. He regains his faith after attending a United Pentecostal camp meeting, at which Republican U.S. Representative Chip Pickering and Mississippi Supreme Court Chief Justice James W. Smith, Jr. are present. Borat learns to forgive Azamat and Pamela. He accompanies church members on a bus to Los Angeles and disembarks to find Azamat dressed as Oliver Hardy . The two reconcile and Azamat tells Borat where to find Pamela Anderson. Borat finally comes face-to-face with Anderson at a book signing at a Virgin Megastore. After showing Anderson his "traditional marriage sack," Borat pursues her throughout the store in an attempt to abduct her until he is tackled and handcuffed by security guards. Afterwards, Borat marries Luenell, and returns to Kazakhstan with her. The final scene shows the changes that Borat\'s observations in America have brought to his village, including the apparent conversion of the people to Christianity  and the introduction of computer-based technology, such as iPods, laptop computers and a high-definition, LCD television. The film plays out with a recapitulation of a mock \'Kazakhstan\' national anthem glorifying the country\'s potassium resources and its prostitutes as being the "cleanest in the region". The visual melange of Soviet-era photos are mixed with the real flag of Kazakhstan and, incongruously, the final frames show the portrait of Ilham Aliyev, real life president of Azerbaijan, a country that had not been otherwise referenced in the movie.'] ['Teddy Bears\' Picnic covers an annual encampment of prominent male leaders at the Zambezi Glen, a thinly-veiled reference to the Bohemian Grove. The movie starts out with the first ever women\'s day at the glen, where wives and girlfriends of Zambezi members are invited to visit the glen ahead of the annual encampment, which also serves to introduce the glen and the characters to the audience. The actual retreat itself begins after the members have returned without any women and kicks off with the "Assassination of Time", based on the real Cremation of Care at the Bohemian Grove, with a pelican replacing the latter\'s owl. After that, the festivities begin, including an all-male chorus line in drag, which is photographed by one of the club employees who smuggles out the pictures to the news media. This violation of the privacy of the glen causes the leaders of the membership to work on spin control, while the employee who took the pictures is emboldened by his success and the promise of a hefty reward to record footage of the glen with a camera smuggled in with the help of a local newscaster. In this time we also see what members do to enjoy themselves at the retreat, including drinking, urinating on trees while naked, and visiting nearby prostitutes. After filming some of the activities at the glen, the cameraman is spotted by some members and flees in to the woods. From here, the members invoke their privilege and connections, with disastrous results. The members call in the military to track down the cameraman with dogs, flares, and helicopters, which sets off a forest fire. When the road out of the glen is blocked by an overturned truck filled with drinks for the glen members, one of the characters orders his chauffeur to drive through anyway, making the blockage worse. A helicopter flying without lights at night at the behest of one of the members collides with a news helicopter covering the fire.'] ['After a mysterious shot of a body floating in Loch Ness , Incident at Loch Ness flashes back to the beginning of a documentary called Herzog In Wonderland being directed by John Bailey with an overview of Herzog\'s work as he himself begins work for a separate documentary to be called Enigma of Loch Ness, in which he is exploring the Loch Ness Monster myth. Throughout the film, Herzog asserts the Loch Ness Monster is merely a creation of a collective psychological need in society. As the film continues, Herzog hosts a dinner party to kick off film production. In attendance are his wife , several Hollywood celebrities , and the film\'s crew. Difficulties begin to arise as the untested producer, Zak Penn, attempts to transform Herzog\'s film into a high-grossing blockbuster. In this attempt, Penn commits several Hollywood clichés such as hiring a beautiful woman  for a dubious role as a sonar operator and a self-deluded cryptozoologist  for comic relief. As the shooting progresses, the tension between Herzog and Penn escalates with each revelation that Penn is acting in an underhanded manner. First, it becomes quite apparent the producer has commissioned a fake "Nessie" to be used. Then both Kitana and Karnow are revealed to be actors hired by Penn. In a twist of events, when Herzog and his crew are working on their film, the crew begins to see what appears to truly be the Loch Ness Monster. Herzog and crew become more and more concerned as first the boat\'s motor fails and then the "monster" appears to be attacking the vessel in a deepening fog. The crew huddles below decks until the monster returns again to ram the boat hard enough to cause it to begin to sink. Karnow is thrown overboard during another attack, "Nessie" now clearly visible to the crew. Karnow is lost in the fog and presumably eaten by the monster. After Penn and the assistant director , Robert O\'Meara, sneak away in the liferaft, Herzog decides to put on the ship\'s sole wetsuit and swim to shore for help. Before he can do so, however, "Nessie" returns to finally sink the ship. While holding a camera in a water-resistant housing, Herzog captures underwater images of a large creature passing him in the murky, dark water. The next day, Penn is found by vacationers on holiday and leads them back to recover all but O\'Meara and Karnow, who are presumed dead. At this point, it appears that both the documentary film we have been watching and the documentary film we were watching Herzog make could be fictitious. However, this never becomes completely obvious, and the film ends without making it clear exactly who is duping whom.'] ['England manager Phil Cope suffers a heart attack during qualification for the World Cup, which started out well but has gone badly wrong of late. The FA heads meet to decide who should be the new England manager, but soon run into trouble. The most successful Premier League manager is Scottish , the second most successful is a former England captain who is interested in the job, but the FA decide that he is too much of a "loudmouth" and refuse to consider him , while none of the other English managers in the Premiership are interested. They are forced to look to Division One, and Bassett, who has just won the Mr Clutch Cup with Norwich City. Bassett takes over the England team and appoints his assistant manager Lonnie Urquart ([[Philip Jackson , who is very old-fashioned in his beliefs and still acts like a used car salesman and often compares the England players\' performances to cars, and coach Dave Dodds , a spineless "yes-man" who once managed with Mike at Colchester United (a reference to Phil Neal under the [[Graham Taylor . The team need one win from three World Cup qualifiers to get to the World Cup Finals in Brazil. With a squad featuring a pony-tailed goalkeeper ; Kevin Tonkinson, an alcoholic Mackem ; Rufus Smalls, a striker going through a very poor run of form ; Steve Harper, a playboy midfielder  and Gary Wackett, an extremely aggressive centre-back ; he plays an old-fashioned 4-4-2 formation and attempts to bring football back to where it belongs. Unfortunately, he loses his first two games in charge and his managerial career is already on the rocks. Needing to beat Slovenia in the final qualifier to make it to Brazil, England can only manage a draw. However, a shock win by Luxembourg over Turkey sees them go through on goal difference. He and his team record the official England World Cup song with band Atomic Kitten, with compositions by "hellraiser" Keith Allen. So, England are on their way to Brazil. When they arrive, progress is not smooth as they start their tour by brawling with the Scottish and Irish teams. A difficult group stage sees them on the verge of heading home after they can only manage a goalless draw with unfancied Egypt before losing heavily to Mexico. One of England\'s training sessions is rendered pointless after Urquart locks the footballs in his Opel and goes shopping. Captain Gary Wackett is jailed for taking part in hooliganism; midfield playmaker Tonkinson accidentally gets involved in a drunken tryst with a transsexual; assistant manager Urquart is sacked after punching Bassett for berating him as useless and when Mike mixes flaming sambucas with anti-depressants, it seems things can get no worse. The morning after his drunken incident he is involved in a press conference where he is expected to step-down from the managerial position. When he announces that he is carrying on the press begin to get hostile and Bassett responds by the reciting of "If—" by Rudyard Kipling which he finished by saying "England will be playing 4-4-2" and storms out. Following this England need to beat Argentina to get through to the second round. England succeed when Tonkinson dribbles past the Argentinian defence, his shot deflects off the crossbar and he punches the ball into the net . England advanced to the knock-out stages where they beat Romania and France. Rufus Smalls scored a hat-trick against Romania and became England\'s top goal scorer with 52 international goals. But England lose to Brazil in the semi-finals. Bashir states that England equal their best performance since they won in 1966 . The team return to England to a cheering crowd and Bassett announces that he will not quit.'] ['The film presents a snapshot of \'60s San Francisco before shifting its focus to strippers. The strippers\' lives are earnestly portrayed as they reveal the day-to-day realities of sex work, talk bra sizes, relate their preferences in men, all voiced over while dancing topless to a 60s instrumental rock soundtrack. Throughout a large portion of the film, the narrator talks about the women as if they are a Sub-Genre of the Counter Culture Movement somewhat similar to the Beatnik or Hippie movements that were highly prevalent during the same era. The "Topless" movement as it is called by the narrator could also be perceived as an allegorical subset of the Sexual Revolution of the 1960s.'] ['When the film starts, Miss Piggy has discontinued a romantic relationship with Bert when rumors of the roommates being gay hit the media. Ernie comes home, and through conversation reveals that he does love Bert "that way." Bert seems not to share this sentiment, resulting in Ernie\'s suicide. The film makes no effort to hide the fact that they\'re using Sesame Workshop\'s characters. The blatant use of copyrighted characters is no doubt what initiated legal action on the part of the owners. This includes the two main characters, their likenesses and an arrangement of the Sesame Street theme song.'] ["The film follows Vincent Dooly , an aspiring inventor who dreams of winning the Thomas Alva Edison Award for Young Inventors . Each year, he enters and each year he humiliates himself with an invention that malfunctions in one way or another. A documentary crew follows Vincent in the last year that he is eligible to compete for the award, at the same time following Martin Wooderson , a smug wunderkind with a long history of winning the award with dull but marketable inventions. Through the months leading up to the Eddy's, Vincent mentions  an invention he is working on that he is sure will change his losing streak but refuses to reveal more. We meet Vincent's best friend Gunter , his endlessly supportive mother , his tweaked-out father , the object of his affection  and his hero, a surly junkyard worker . As the story moves along we see Vincent's attempt at perfecting his many inventions and see him emotionally prepare for his last chance to win the coveted award while attempting to win the heart of Jenny , a waitress at the local diner he frequents. The film culminates at the award ceremony where Vincent and Martin unveil their final inventions and vie for the prize. http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1274589/plotsummary"] ["The first half of the film has real-life AV director and company executive Shungo Kaji reminiscing about his days as a film student at the Nikkatsu studio, surreptitiously watching the filming of the studio's Roman Porno series and then discoursing on the mechanics and problems of making and producing adult videos. The second half is a fictional depiction of the discovery and grooming by Kaji of a young AV starlet Saki ."] ["Jordon Saffron , is an egotistical chef whose secret use of Safron as an orgasmic ingredient in his recipes, has gained him fame in Hollywood. After years of ego and partying and not enough actual cooking, Saffron loses everything... his TV show, his girlfriend Nikki , his famous restaurant, and his business partner Louie . Topping his woes is that he also loses his ability to taste food. Defeated in life, he returns to his home town of Chicago and reconnects with Audry, the true love he left behind. He takes a job at his father's pizzaria, and in his quest to recapture his former renown, and learn how his life went so wrong, he visits a flamboyant psychic, an acupuncturist, and a psychiatrist... events which result in him engaged in a cook-off with the Spam King of Chicago... his old rival, Kimmel ."] ['Dirk Diggler  was born as Steven Samuel Adams on April 15, 1961 outside of Saint Paul, Minnesota. His parents were a construction worker and a boutique shop owner who attended church every Sunday and believed in God. Looking for a career as a male model, Diggler dropped out of school at age 16 and left home. He was discovered at a falafel stand by Jack Horner . Diggler met his friend, Reed Rothchild , through Horner in 1979 while working on a film. Horner slowly introduced Diggler to the business until he became noticeable within the industry. Diggler became a prominent model and began appearing in pornographic films, after which his career took off. He had critical and box office hits which led him to stardom. The hits and publicity led to fame and money which led Diggler to the world of drugs. With the amount of money Diggler was making he was able to support both his and Rothchild\'s addictions. The drugs eventually caused a breakup between Diggler and Horner since Diggler was having issues with his performance on set. After the breakup Diggler tried to make a film himself but the film was never completed. He then attempted a music career which was also successful but led him deeper into drugs because of the amount of money he was making. He then starred in a TV show which was a failure both critically and commercially. Having failed and with no work, Diggler returned to the porn industry taking roles in low-budget homosexual films to help support his habit. On July 17, 1981, during a film shoot, Diggler died of a drug overdose. The film ends with a quote from Diggler: "All I ever wanted was a cool \'78 \'Vette and a house in the country."'] ['A documentary crew follows the events of Cody Maverick , a teenage rockhopper penguin who has wanted to be a professional surfer ever since a visit from surf legend Zeke "Big Z" Topanga several years ago. When a talent scout shorebird named Mikey  arrives to find entrants for the "Big Z Memorial" surfing contest, Cody jumps at the chance despite lackluster support from his family. En-route to the contest, Cody befriends another entrant, Chicken Joe . The entrants arrive at Pen Gu Island, the site of the contest, where Cody meets -- and immediately falls in love with -- Lani , a female penguin who is a lifeguard. He also meets Tank "The Shredder" Evans , an egotistical penguin who has won the Big Z Memorial nine times since it was held after Z\'s disappearance during a previous match 10 years ago. Cody sees Tank disrespecting Big Z\'s memorial shrine and then Tank attacks Chicken Joe. Cody immediately challenges Tank to a surfing duel, which Tank easily wins while Cody nearly drowns. Lani rescues Cody and takes him to her uncle, the "Geek" , to help Cody recover from his injuries. Cody wakes up and panics when he can\'t find the souvenir necklace he got as a kid from Big Z. Geek downplays the necklace, but decides to return it when he later finds it in his hut. Geek finds Cody sitting on an koa log and offers to teach him to make a perfect surfboard. They attempt to take the log back to Geek\'s house, only to lose control of it and end up on a beach away from the contest. When Cody gets to the beach, they discover a shack full of old trophies and surfboards, which are actually Z\'s old belongings. He spots Geek watching all those things, and he realizes that Geek is actually Z, the same surfer he had idolized all those years, and asks Z to teach him to surf. Reluctantly, Z agrees, but says that Cody has to make his own board first. The attempt doesn\'t go well, however, as an impatient Cody doesn\'t listen to Z\'s advice about using long, smooth strokes and makes a board that shatters as soon as he tries to enter the water. Frustrated, he storms off, running into Lani, who eventually persuades him to return. That night, a calmer, more patient Cody works on a new board, finishing it by morning, falling asleep. Z compliments Cody on his board, but when Cody is eager to start training, Z instead has him do seemingly menial tasks unrelated to surfing. Cody loses his patience with Z only playing with him, but when Z is asleep, he places him on the board and pushes him into the water. Z asks him did he had fun, and when Cody tells "yes", Z takes him to the water. Z teaches Cody, telling him to surf the waves with long, smooth strokes, just like making the board. Lani comes in and joins them. Cody then asks Z if he\'ll come watch the contest, but Z refuses, saying he faked his disappearance because he realized he couldn\'t compete with Tank, and that he was tired. Upset that Z just gave up, Cody leaves, meets up with Chicken Joe, and gets back to the contest just as it begins. Tank easily makes the finals, as do Cody and Joe, and Joe turning out to be a natural born surfer. In the semi-finals, Tank battles with Cody, with Tank playing with him, but he falls of the board and loses. Cody and Joe make it to the finals. During the finals, however, Tank bursts in and tries to cause Joe to wipe out. Cody intervenes at the last minute, sending him and Tank out of bounds on the rocks. Tank wipes out and is rescued by Lani while Z, who had been secretly watching Cody\'s performance, helps Cody get back to the beach. Z and Cody find out that Chicken Joe won by default since Tank and Cody were disqualified. Cody no longer cares about winning, however, having decided he\'d rather just have fun instead. Z reveals himself to the audience and invites all the spectators to surf. Cody finishes his interview and joins the rest of his friends in the water. During the end credits, the film crew interviews Cody\'s mother and older brother Glenn. Cody\'s mom says she doesn\'t mind that Cody didn\'t win, but Glenn still sees Cody as a loser, causing his mom to lecture him. In disgust, Glenn ends the interview, and is later seen carelessly tossing the crew\'s expensive equipment out the window. He then says, "Go back to Hollywood!"'] ['In Calgary, Terry ([[David Lawrence  and Dean  are tired of barely scraping by on menial jobs. Recently evicted from their rented house, they are out of options until their old buddy and "party leader", Troy   gets them high-paying jobs laying oil pipeline in Fort McMurray. While Terry quickly becomes a welcome member of the pipeline crew, Dean cannot take the pace of work and decides to injure himself for the Workers’ compensation money with Tron\'s help, however he quickly finds that the money offered is much less than he had expected. Flush with money and confidence, Terry starts dating Trish , a waitress at the local strip bar who has slept with every member of the pipeline crew at one time or another. When Terry quickly moves in with Trish, Dean does his best to save his friend from fading into a domestic lifestyle. When layoffs hit the pipeline crew, Terry\'s fast-spending lifestyle quickly catches up with him, putting heavy strain on his relationship with Trish, who soon reveals she is pregnant. This only makes things worse, as it was revealed in the first film that Terry is infertile, meaning that the father is another member of the pipeline crew. Meanwhile, Dean\'s latest medical checkup for his Workers\' compensation claim reveals that his cancer has returned in more aggressive form, due to his failure to attend a single follow-up treatment over the past five years. Terry, in a rage over an incident that occurred while Dean was drunk, ends their friendship, adding insult to injury. Dean reveals his condition only to Tron, who since being laid off has developed a serious crack habit. Each despondent for his own reason, Dean and Tron form a suicide pact, planning to end their lives the day after Christmas. As Christmas fast approaches, Terry finds out from another member of the pipeline crew that Dean has lost his other testicle due to cancer. Terry rethinks his decision and goes to pick Dean up from a Hobo colony, where he has been living out of his car. Terry welcomes Dean into his home for Christmas. On Christmas Eve, Dean\'s family arrives, showing him there are things worth living for, and he decides to forego committing suicide, however, Tron shows up at Terry\'s house, intent on fulfilling the pact. Tron attempts to smother Dean with a pillow, but Dean fights back and ends up in a scuffle with Tron, in which Tron soils himself. Dean\'s daughter Chaz is awakened by the whole ordeal, and walks into the living room finding Tron dressed in a red suit and a Santa hat. Believing him to be Santa, she gives Tron a hug. The film ends with Dean discovering that his complete lack of testicles has allowed him to sing higher notes than ever before, and he performs as the wedding singer for Terry and Trish. The two leave the reception and are showered by friends and family, including Tron, who also decided not to commit suicide. The film ends with a family photo of Terry, Dean, Trish and the new baby, who bears a striking resemblance to Dean.'] ['Driving through New York City in his Sexmobile, Dr. Harrison Rogers of the Bureau of Sexological Investigation searches out luminary figures in the world of sex.'] ["Cyril is a strong, old-style socialist, who despairs of his elderly working-class but Tory-voting mum; her new yuppie neighbours, the Boothe-Braines ; and his social-climbing sister and her crass, car-salesman husband. Cyril and Shirley are portrayed as the most decent characters in the film, despite Cyril's irascible nature. Theirs is a strong relationship, marred by Cyril's reluctance to have children and his resentment that his cause is destined to be on the losing side in history."] ['Ferguson plays Crawford Mackenzie, a Scottish hairdresser who, while being filmed as part of a fly-on-the-wall documentary, is invited to the World Hairdresser International Federation annual contest. The documentary team follows Crawford to L.A. where he discovers that his invitation is to be a member of the audience rather than a competitor. He eventually weasels his way into the contest and produces the greatest creation of his career.'] ['The story revolves around comic book fan Don Swan and his battle against a fictional film studio which is about to announce a film based on his favorite superhero, Commander Courage.'] ['The tone of the "documentary" begins with low key revelations of NASA working closely with Hollywood at the time of the Moon landings. Over the course of the tale, Karel postulates that not only did Kubrick help the USA fake the moon landings but that he was eventually killed by the CIA to cover up the truth. It is finally revealed that this is a mockumentary as the end credits roll over a montage of blooper reels, with the main participants laughing over the absurdity of their lines or questioning if particular ones would give the joke away too soon. Besides being a comedic documentary, it is also an exercise in Jean Baudrillard\'s theories of hyperreality. In a 2004 interview, the director was asked why he would elect to make a film "closer to a comedy than a serious film"; Karel replied that in the wake of having made serious documentaries, the objective was "de faire un film drôle" .{{cite web}} Several of the fictitious interviewees, such as Dave Bowman, Jack Torrance, and Dimitri Muffley are named after characters from movies directed by Kubrick. There are also references to films by Alfred Hitchcock, as both Eve Kendall and George Kaplan are character names in North by Northwest, and Ambrose Chapel is a location in the 1956 remake of The Man Who Knew Too Much. The fictitious characters used in the interview are listed in the credits along with the names of the actors portraying them. For example, the rabbi is listed as W. A. Keonigsberg  and the character is played by Binem Oreg. In addition to the increasingly incredible claims made as the film progresses, several factual errors of note are introduced by the narrator, perhaps intended as clues for the viewer: * John F. Kennedy’s “We choose to go to the moon” speech was in 1962, not 1961 as was claimed. * Luna 9 landed on the moon in February 1966, but the narrator states it was in January. * The narrator states that Apollo 11 was launched on July 17, 1969, when in fact it was launched the day before on July 16. * Korolev died following surgery to remove a polyp from his intestines, not from a tonsillectomy as is claimed. * Lyndon Johnson is said to have been the Governor of Texas – an office he never held. * Likewise, Richard Nixon is erroneously stated as having once been the Governor of California. * The narrator implies the Cape was selected in part due to the George Bush family influence in Florida, yet no Bush had any connection with Florida until 1980 when Jeb Bush moved his family there. The Cape, however, had become the new missile test facility by 1950. The soundtrack also includes the song "The American Dream" from Wag the Dog by Barry Levinson, a fiction feature about a secretly government-commissioned Hollywood production of a fake war. At one point, footage featuring the military boarding a plane is underscored by the "right, left, right, left" of Gunnery Sergeant Hartman  from Kubrick\'s own film, Full Metal Jacket.'] ['The Crystal Cube is a science programme, based on shows such as Tomorrow\'s World. The show is hosted by Jackie Meld . In each episode, a different topic of science was to be discussed. In the pilot, it was genetics. Two guest scientists discussed the issue of genetics to a live studio audience and viewers at home. The scientists were Dr. Adrian Cowlacey , a practicing clinician at St. Thomas\' Hospital, London, and Max Belhaven  of the Bastard Institute in California. Cowlacey and Belhaven comment positively on the prospects that in the future, society will be divided into a genetic caste system, with people divided into "Alphas", "Betas" and "Gammas" based on their genetic background . They also show an example of a genetically engineered human, Gareth Gamma 0001 , who is designed to carry out menial tasks without complaint. The show later goes into a debate between a member of clergy, The Bishop of Horley, The Very Reverend Previous Lockhort  and Martin Bealey , an anti-communist journalist who claims the Soviets are using genetics to invade Britain. However, Gareth interrupts the conversations and causes a riot. Cowlacey therefore ends the show.<ref nameThe Crystal Cube|series1|episode1983-07-07}}'] ["In the near future, a maintenance vehicle is orbiting the Earth on a mission to repair nuclear-armed satellites. Suddenly they experience a mysterious, inexplicable power failure that they cannot account for. As the ship grows increasingly colder, they find that they are drifting toward the dark side of the Moon. An old NASA shuttle, the Discovery, drifts toward them, despite the fact that NASA has not been operating for 30 years. Two of the crew board the ship and find a dead body. The crew's own ship records indicate that the shuttle they have happened across disappeared into the Bermuda Triangle many years before. So what is it doing in space? As they attempt to solve this mystery it quickly becomes apparent that a malevolent force had been waiting on the NASA shuttle, and now it begins to stalk the crew one at a time. This malevolent force turns out to be Satan, banished by God to the dark side of the Moon. Satan now feeds on the souls of any mortals who enter the Bermuda Triangle or the space corridor between Earth and the Moon."] ["Ray Santilli, along with his friend Gary Shoefield, go to America to find Elvis memorabilia to sell on the market stall he runs in London. Harvey, a former US Army cameraman, sells them a silent black and white film of Elvis performing live , but later returns with a very intriguing offer. Ray and Harvey go to Miami, Florida to see a film from 1947 showing the autopsy of an alien supposedly killed in a UFO crash in Roswell, New Mexico. Harvey wants $30,000 for the film. Gary and Ray look for an investor to give them the money. A Hungarian art dealer, Laszlo Voros, who is obsessed with crop circles, gives Ray the $30,000 after reassuring Voros that he told the truth. Harvey gets the money and gives the film to Ray and Gary. However, in the interim, the film has eaten itself  and is now completely unwatchable, so the duo decide to fake it in order to remain on the good side of Voros. Based on Ray's memories of the content of the original, and with the help of some friends, plus a very convincing replica of the dead alien made from a mannequin and meat products from a friend's butcher shop, Ray and Gary remake the autopsy film, using a supposed Bell and Howell spring-wound camera that does not record sound, while turning the living room of Gary's sister's home into a movie set in the process. Once finished, Ray gives a copy of the new film to Voros, who believes it with the retro camera pictures being the main cause. But when Voros hears that the film is going on air worldwide, he demands &ndash; very threateningly &ndash; that they take it off, or else. Ray is eventually saved from possible grievous bodily harm when Voros is knocked down and killed by a green Land Rover  whilst standing naked in the middle of a crop circle. A news anchorwoman eventually tracks down Harvey, who demands from Ray and Gary that they help him keep his anonymity. They produce an interview with a homeless person  posing as Harvey, making the anchorwoman believe she is onto the wrong man. The film ends with the now restored original 1947 film, which Ray had left in the hands of film restoration experts in the hope that the footage could somehow be recovered, being returned to them; some sections that were beyond repair having been remade. After watching the film, Ray and Gary bury it, telling each other that they can't go through with it all over again."] ['Set in New York City, the plot follows a teenage martial arts student named Leroy Green  with dreams of becoming a great martial artist like his idol Bruce Lee. Leroy goes on a quest to achieve the highest level of martial arts accomplishment, known as "The Final Level". Martial artists who reach this "Final Level" are said to possess "The Glow", a mystical energy that can only be attained by a true martial arts master. When a fighter\'s hands glow, he is one of the best in the world and when his entire body glows, he is the greatest fighter alive. On his journey to becoming the "Last Dragon" and wielding the power of "The Glow," Leroy must confront villains such as a crooked arcade mogul Eddie Arkadian and the evil Sho\'nuff, the Shogun of Harlem, from whom he must also protect his younger brother Richie  and his love interest, TV music video host Laura Charles.'] ['This is the story of two lifelong friends, Terry ([[David Lawrence  and Dean , who have grown up together: Shotgunning their first beers, forming their first garage band, and growing the great Canadian mullet known as "Hockey Hair". The lives of these Alberta everymen are brought to the big screen by documentarian Farrel Mitchner , a young director who decides to take a look at Terry and Dean through a lens, exploring the depths of friendship, the fragility of life, growing up gracefully, and the art and science of drinking beer "like a man". Their lives are complicated by a snubbing by their "party leader" Troy, better known as Tron . When Farrel discovers that Dean is hiding a serious case of testicular cancer, the wheels are set in motion for Dean to seek treatment from Dr. S.C. Lim . With Dean\'s last weekend before surgery approaching, Terry decides to take Dean, Farrel and the film crew camping. Things take an unexpected turn by the third day, and Terry and Dean must cope with further tragedy.Slone, M. & Michael Ladano: Story Synopsis  written by Mark Slone. Story Synopsis  written by Michael A. Ladano'] ['The movie is shot as a documentary set in a world where the killers depicted in famous slasher films are real. A female journalist named Taylor Gentry and her two cameramen, Doug and Todd, document the preparations of Leslie Vernon as he prepares to join the ranks of other slasher villains. Leslie takes his identity from an urban legend about a boy who killed his family and was cast into a river by angry townsfolk. He initially claims to be the vengeful spirit of the slain boy, but soon admits that he is an ordinary man named Leslie Mancuso who must rely on conventional tactics rather than supernatural powers. Taylor and her crew film Leslie\'s meticulous preparations to slaughter a number of teenagers in an abandoned house and then be confronted by a virginal "survivor girl", Kelly. Taylor and her crew come to share Leslie\'s enthusiasm for his project, but their consciences catch up with them on the night of the murders. They beg Leslie to call off his killing spree, but Leslie is adamant, believing that his survivor girl will define herself by facing him. Taylor and her crew abandon their documentary and at this point the film shifts from a documentary style to a traditional horror movie presentation. Taylor attempts to warn and rally the remaining teens together to fight Leslie, but Leslie\'s preparations repeatedly give him the upper hand. The group looks to Kelly for leadership, but she unexpectedly dies. Taylor quickly realizes that, as a virgin herself, she was Leslie\'s true survivor girl all along. Leslie continues picking off the group one-by-one until only Taylor remains. She faces Leslie and defeats him in the exact manner he had laid out for her, then burns down the shed in which he was defeated. She then runs into Doug and Doc Halloran who survived their encounters with Leslie. However, Leslie\'s preparations included learning to feign death and slathering himself with flame-retardant gel. Over the final credits, security camera footage reveals Leslie\'s charred body sitting up on an autopsy table, still alive, accompanied by the song "Psycho Killer" by The Talking Heads.'] ['The Flying Scissors is a mockumentary about the world of competitive “Rock, Paper, Scissors.” The film delves into the lives and daily routines of a wide array of quirky characters who vie to be the best at this unorthodox sport. Each competitor must balance the nuances of their everyday life in hopes of becoming a champion. The film uses Rock Paper Scissors to satire the current state of professional sports and the modern success of poker.'] ['The Naked Brothers Band begin filming a motion picture called The Top Secret Naked Brothers Band Musical Mystery Movie. Nat tries to grapple why Rosalina is trying to get herself written out of the script. To Nat\'s dismay, he later discovers that Rosalina is going to leave for a 6-month boat cruise around the world for winning a violin competition and becomes mad at her. Meanwhile, Alex freaks when he finds out that he has to kiss his skateboarding buddy, Juanita , for a scene in the film. During the time Nat is moping around, he develops feelings for his costar, the renowned actress Miranda Cosgrove, and he feels confused after kissing her for a scene in the movie. After that, Miranda suggested that Nat should do something very nice for Rosalina, before she leaves for the cruise. Nat finally accepts that Rosalina is leaving and decides to perform a serenade for her with the band, by singing her his self-written composition, "Your Smile", outside of her apartment. In conclusion, in the subplots, Cooper becomes the new director of the movie, and Juanita did not have to kiss Alex—as it was only a typo by the screenwriter; instead Juanita only has to kick him.'] ['The film opens with a television documentary about a missing United States film crew, who disappeared on an expedition to the Amazon Basin to make a documentary about indigenous cannibal tribes. The team was Alan Yates, the director; Faye Daniels, his girlfriend and script girl; and two cameramen, Jack Anders and Mark Tomaso. Harold Monroe, a New York University anthropologist, has agreed to lead a rescue team and flies to the Amazon to meet his guides, Chaco and his assistant Miguel. The group has a hostage captured by the military from a local tribe called the Yacumo, and they use him to help negotiate with the natives. The team arranges his release in exchange for being taken to the Yacumo village. There the team initially meets hostility and learns that the film group had caused great unrest among the people. The next day, Monroe and his guides head deeper into the rainforest to locate two warring tribes, the Ya̧nomamö and the Shamatari. Following a group of Shamatari warriors to a riverbank, they intervene and save a smaller group of Ya̧nomamö from death in a conflict between the groups. The Ya̧nomamö invite Monroe and his team back to their village, where they are treated with suspicion. To gain the villagers\' trust, Monroe bathes naked in a river. A group of Ya̧nomamö women emerge to take him to a shrine, which he learns holds the bones of the missing American filmmakers. Angry, Monroe confronts the Ya̧nomamö, during which time he plays a tape recorder for them. Intrigued, the natives agree to trade it for the first team’s surviving reels of film during a cannibalistic ceremony, in which Monroe has to take part. Back in New York, executives of the Pan American Broadcast Company invite Monroe to host a broadcast of a documentary to be made from the recovered film. Monroe wants to see the raw footage first. The executives introduce him to Yates\' work by showing an excerpt from his previous documentary, The Last Road to Hell. One of the executives tells Monroe that Yates staged the scene to get more exciting footage. Monroe reviews the footage, which first follows the group’s trek through the jungle. They promptly spot a large turtle which they butcher and eat. Their guide, Felipe, is then bitten by a venomous snake. The group amputates Felipe\'s leg with a machete in an attempt to save his life, but he quickly dies and is left behind. The remaining four succeed in locating the Yacumo. Jack shoots one in the leg so they can easily follow him to the village. The second reel starts with the group\'s arrival at the Yacumo village. They force the entire tribe into a hut and burn it down in order to stage a scene for the film. Monroe expresses concerns over the staged scenes and poor treatment of the natives, but his worries are ignored. Monroe expresses his disgust to station executives about their decision to air the documentary. To convince them of his view, he shows the remaining, unedited footage, which only he has seen. The final two reels begin with the team locating a young Ya̧nomamö girl, whom the men gang-rape as Faye tries to stop them. Later, the team films the girl impaled on a wooden pole, where they claim the natives killed her. After they move on, the Ya̧nomamö attack the team in revenge for the girl\'s rape and death. Jack is hit by a spear, and Alan shoots him so the team can film how the natives mutilate his corpse. As the three try to escape the scene, Faye is captured. Alan insists they try to rescue her. Mark continues to film as she is raped and beheaded. The Ya̧nomamö immediately locate the last two as the footage ends with Alan\'s bloody face. Disturbed by what they just saw, the executives order the footage destroyed, and Monroe leaves the station and declares: "I wonder who the real cannibals are?"'] ["The film takes place just after the fictional disappearance of Richard Dutcher, famous for beginning the current Mormon movie phase with his work God's Army. After Dutcher's disappearance the film follows the journeys of three Mormon filmmakers who are eager to take his place. However, one of these filmmakers doesn't really want to see Dutcher found."] ['Twenty three years after the original, documentarist Melvin Hall  interviews mainstream artists, actors, and musicians about the days of the popular band The Rutles, though mostly ending up in the wrong country. The film ends with Melvin and the interviewees laughing. In the interviews with David Bowie, he is seen holding a copy of the vinyl album The Rutles 1, calling it a "piece of marketing extravagance". The interview in the film shows the cover of the album with a black circle that has the words "27 No. 1 Songs On One LP". In the DVD extras, the circle on the album cover says "27 No. 1 Songs On 1 CD", even though this is a vinyl record album. Either way, this was the only time that a Rutles album was practically identical to a Beatles album in both album cover and title. The plot remains the same to its 1978 counterpart, with a new introduction and conclusion with Idle\'s character, Melvin Hall.'] ['After making a 3-hour fiasco about New York City\'s water supply, a two-man film crew decides to take it up a notch by documenting life in the private investigator offices of "Boone and Murphy". Cheating husbands and missing dogs fail to bring in the big bucks however, and after sleeping with the wife of one of their clients Murphy leaves. To stop Boone from having to close down the business the two film-makers must resort to a hands-on approach in the investigations to ensure the completion of their movie.'] ['The movie tracks three plot lines: interviews at a role playing game convention , Elizabeth’s  interaction with the justice system, and the game in which Elizabeth is a first-time player. Elizabeth violates her house arrest sentence to attend her first game at the invitation of a stranger she meets in a gaming store. Elizabeth risks jail because of the terms of her sentence. In a key plot twist, she chooses to finish the game session: Because her ankle monitor has been inadvertently activated, she is in danger of re-arrest if she does not immediately return home. By the end of the movie it is made plain that in gaming with her new companions, Elizabeth has found her path to redemption, her path away from a life of petty crime and drugs. When her parole officer  asks her, “was it worth it?”, she answers, “yes.”'] ["A 'mockumentary' on the rise and fall of Chip and Dales dancer turned martial arts action star, Francis Allen Sledgewick, AKA Frank Sledge. When fame and fortune caused Frank to lose his sense of what's truly important, he realised he's going to have to get in touch with his roots if there's ever going to be a comeback."] ['After being blackballed from Hollywood because of his drunken antics, Danny Roane a washed up TV actor sobers up to direct his first feature film. As the pressure builds, Roane turns to the bottle again and attempts to finish his movie about drug and alcohol abuse. But in his drunken madness, he decides to make the film a musical.'] ['Ordinary family man Warren Yeager and his wife Jeannette are delighted to have a documentary filmmaker, Albert Brooks, choose them for a new cinematic and "scientific" experiment -- he intends to capture every waking moment of their daily life on film. It is a project Brooks confidently announces to a large gathering, even greeting them with a song. The concept is for the Yeagers and their two children to go about their business at their Phoenix home, work and school as if nothing is different from a typical day, ignoring the fact that men wearing cameras that look like Star Wars helmets are recording every move they make and every word they say. Brooks promises to be as unobtrusive as possible, taking up a separate residence in the neighborhood and promising not to interfere. Little by little, though, the stress of everyday life is complicated by the presence of the film crew. Brooks also becomes the unwitting object of Mrs. Yeager\'s attentions. Yeager, a veterinarian, becomes grief-stricken when he is filmed accidentally causing a horse\'s death. A grandparent\'s death similarly upsets Jeannette. Soon the couple stops talking, becoming, as Brooks puts it, "lifeless" in their every day life. The unscrupulous man from Hollywood is likely to go to any lengths to make his film more interesting, even if it means dressing up as a clown to cheer them up or letting the Yeager house catch fire.'] ["Presented as a mockumentary, Jackie's Back chronicles the life and career of Jackie Washington , a 1960s/1970s R&B diva. After several years of toiling in obscurity, Washington decides to organize her own comeback concert with filmmaker Edward Whatsett St. John  filming the event. The film also features numerous cameo appearances by celebrities."] ['In 2006, George W. Bush, President of the United States, visited India. In addition to the many diplomatic and political things on the agenda was a rather unique event&nbsp;— a meeting with the young faces responsible for shaping "The New India". The six contestants are Maya Roy India\'s best young Writer, Ajay Karlekar India\'s best young Social Activist, Archana Kapoor India\'s best young Indian Entrepreneur, Rohit Seth Call Center Accent Trainer, Kapil Dev Dholakia India\'s best young Stock Investor, Ramesh S Software Engineer. They have to undergo bizarre tests and activities to top the list. In the end only two are left Kapil and Maya. Kapil is caught cheating in the final round and Maya is selected. But with bizarre turn of events she is not the one who shakes the hand.'] [' The film follows Charlyne as she embarks on a quest across America to make a documentary about a subject she does not understand: love. As she and her good friend  Nick search for answers and advice about love, Charlyne talks with friends, strangers, scientists, bikers, romance novelists, and children. They each offer diverse views on modern romance, as well as various answers to the age-old question: does true love really exist? Shortly after filming begins, Charlyne meets a boy after her own heart: Michael Cera. As their relationship develops on camera, her pursuit to discover the nature of love takes on a fresh new urgency.'] ['Elvis Presley, bored with his confined existence in Graceland, leaves his home on his own for the first time since he was 21. He winds up in California and is convinced by an Anti-war activist that he is responsible for the drug culture through his influence on The Beatles. This convinces Elvis to write a letter to President Nixon asking to be made a "Federal Agent at Large" for the Bureau of Narcotics and Dangerous Drugs. No such position actually exists, but Nixon, wanting desperately to win over the youth of America, which he views as hating him, decides to meet with Elvis in an attempt to improve his image with the "kids".'] ["In Al Franken: God Spoke, the makers of The War Room capture the emergence of Al Franken as a political commentator. The film is shot over the course of two years and follows Franken from his highly publicized feud with Fox News Channel anchor Bill O'Reilly to his fierce campaign against President George W. Bush during the 2004 election.  The film goes to several different places to catch Franken in real settings. The film crew went with him to Iraq during a USO tour in that country, followed him during his airing on Air America Radio, and during his various campaigns. The film crew is given behind the scenes access as the noted liberal goes up against his rivals. The film features many of those allied with Franken and many of his opponents. Some of his allies in this film include Michael Moore, Al Gore, and Robert F. Kennedy, Jr. Some of his featured opponents include Ann Coulter and Bill O'Reilly."] ['A group of journalists are investigating a highly secret document when they uncover a sensational story: that even before the Second World War, in 1938, the first rocket was made in the USSR and Soviet scientists were planning to send an orbiter to the moon and back. The evidence is convincing; it is clear that in this case, Soviet cosmonauts were first. The movie follows the selection and training of a small group of cosmonauts. The one who shines above the others  is Captain Ivan Sergeyevich Kharlamov . He is helped into a space suit and loaded into the capsule, and the rocket lifts off for the Moon—but contact with it is soon lost. Most of the remainder of the film seems to follow the search for information about what happened next, as the 1930s space program appears to have dissolved immediately after, with no reason given . It is implied that Kharlamov returned to Earth, but with no fanfare and apparently no assistance from the space program. A number of men are shown as suspected of being Kharlamov—the NKVD seems to be conducting a criminal investigation of the program and it is implied that those involved, including Kharlamov himself, are in hiding. It seems that the capsule returned to Earth and landed in Chile, and that Kharlamov journeyed to the Soviet Far East by way of Polynesia and China, yet feared capture on his return. His wife apparently covered for him when interrogated as to his whereabouts. The narrator never ties the story together coherently, however; the interviews and footage are shown without supporting commentary, in a narration style reminiscent of an actual documentary of the Soviet lunar program, The Red Stuff.http://movies.nytimes.com/movie/282742/The-Red-Stuff-The-True-Story-of-the-Russian-Race-for-Space/overview The very end of the movie shows the only footage of the mission itself after launch, explaining it as a film which was found at the Chilean landing site and is currently in the possession of "the Natural museum in the town of Antafagasta". First there is a brief clip showing Kharlamov piloting the vehicle, presumably on final approach to the Moon. Following that is an equally brief panorama of a lunar landscape with the capsule or lander  resting on the surface, apparently taken by Kharlamov during lunar EVA. Both scenes are shown as stills on the movie\'s cover. Then there is a short clip of the other cosmonauts walking through a hangar with the 1930s space program director, and the credits roll.'] ['At the beginning of the film, Frankie Wilde is a wildly successful DJ on the party island of Ibiza. He has a recording contract, performs at high-profile nightclubs, and lives in a luxurious villa with his trophy wife, Sonya, and their son. In talking head sequences, contemporary DJs laud Frankie\'s turntable skills during this period. It is also evident that Frankie has cocaine and alcohol addictions . His career is increasingly guided by egotistical, insensitive super-agent Max Haggar.  Frankie\'s loss of hearing is first apparent when he hears a high-pitched whine instead of an Arsenal football match on TV. At this time, Frankie is making his next album with his "two Austrian mates" Alfonse and Horst, who seem more suited for a rock band. Frankie continues working on his album and playing gigs at clubs, but his hearing degrades rapidly. As a result, progress on his album stagnates. However, Frankie refuses to acknowledge his problem until a gig in Amnesia, when he cannot hear the second channel in his headphones and must crossfade one song into the next without being able to beatmatch them. The result sounds terrible, and the crowd boos him. Overcome with fear and frustration, he throws the turntable and the mixer onto the dance floor, and is forcibly removed from the club. The next day, Max confronts Frankie about the performance. Frankie agrees to see a doctor, who tells him he\'s lost hearing in one ear and has 20% left in the other. He warns Frankie that unless he stops abusing drugs and listening to loud noises, he will soon be completely deaf. Even the use of his hearing aid would only further degrade his hearing. Then, during a recording session, Frankie confesses the full nature of his hearing loss to Alfonse. He inserts his hearing aid to demonstrate, and, overwhelmed by the sudden sound exposure, leans close to one of the monitor speakers. Before he can react, however, a frustrated Horst smashes a guitar into an amplifier whose volume Frankie has maximized. The noise is excruciating, and the feedback knocks Frankie unconscious. The damage leaves him permanently deaf. Without his hearing, Frankie cannot complete his album. He loses his recording contract, and Max abandons him. Soon after, Sonya leaves him. The talking head sequences describe this period as his darkest hour, in which he shuts himself into his home, which he has "soundproofed" with pillows in a desperate bid to recover his hearing. His drug use intensifies, and he appears to be heavily depressed. In one scene, he repeatedly throws his body against the walls. In other, he wraps Roman candles around his head, either an attempt at suicide or a drastic way to recover his hearing, but dives into the pool before they ignite.  In a culmination moment of the movie, Frankie flushes all his drugs down a toilet, only to be faced with the vision of the menacing badger again. The two begin to scuffle, with Frankie eventually gaining the upper hand and beating the badger with a shovel, then grabbing a shotgun and shooting it, upon which the badger begins to bleed cocaine. Frankie then grabs the dying badger\'s head, and removes it, only to reveal that the badger is, in fact, himself. He then shoots the dying vision of himself in the head. After this dark period, Frankie finds a deaf organization and meets Penelope, an instructor for the deaf who coaches him in lip-reading. They become close, and eventually intimate. He confides his unhappiness at losing music, and she helps him perceive sound through visual and tactile methods instead. Frankie then manages to devise a system for mixing songs, in which he watches an oscilloscope trace while resting his feet on the pulsating speakers, a callback to an earlier claim he made in the film about flip flops. Using this system, he heads to the studio and manages to produce new mix CD  entirely by himself. He delivers it to Max, who is wildly pleased – particularly by the potential of using Frankie\'s disability to increase record sales. He has Frankie take part in advertising and promotional deals which are increasingly offensive and insensitive to deaf people, which Penelope silently disapproves of. He also treats Penelope like he did Sonya; as Frankie\'s sexual object, not recognizing her substantial role in Frankie\'s life. In general, Max tends to patronizingly characterize the deaf as pained, helpless victims desperate for a deaf role model. Max convinces Frankie to play live at Pacha as a career comeback. He thinks it is an opportunity for Frankie to prove himself to others, despite Frankie\'s insistence that he has nothing to prove to his critics. The gig goes exceedingly well, and many claim it showcases even greater talent than his early work. After the show, Frankie and Penelope disappear from Max, the media, and the music scene altogether. In a talking heads sequence, characters speculate on where he is now . As the film ends, we see Frankie disguised as a homeless street musician, who is then met by Penelope and a child . They affectionately walk together down a street unrecognized. Additionally, we see Frankie teaching a group of deaf children how to perceive sound like he does.'] ['A committee of independent U.S. political party leaders have gathered to join forces and select a candidate for the upcoming presidential election. One of the committee members flippantly suggests nominating Linda Lovelace. The committee approaches the porn star, who agrees to be the flag bearer of the newly formed Upright Party. Lovelace’s campaign takes her on a cross-country tour, where she meets voters in stops ranging from crowded big cities to isolated rural towns. Lovelace’s popularity, however, threatens the Washington, D.C., establishment, and her political rivals dispatch a hit man known as The Assassinator to bring a fatal end to the Lovelace campaign.“Linda Lovelace for President,” New York Times'] ['The film takes the course of an entire school year and describes three teachers and one assistant principal. Mr. Stroope is campaigning for Teacher of the Year but many of his students are a little bit smarter than him. Mr. Lowrey is an introverted first-time history teacher struggling to find passion for his new profession. Coach Webb  is a female gym teacher who is struggling to get her students to take her class seriously, and becomes interested in Mr. Lowrey. Mrs. Reddell  is the first year assistant principal who is regretting leaving teaching.'] ['Ben is a witty, charismatic serial killer who holds forth at length about whatever comes to mind, be it the "craft" of murder, the failings of architecture, his own poetry, or classical music, which he plays with his girlfriend. A film crew joins him on his sadistic adventures, recording them for a fly on the wall documentary. Ben takes them to meet his family and friends while boasting of murdering dozens of people at random and dumping their bodies in canals and quarries. The viewer witnesses these grisly killings in graphic detail. Ben ventures into apartment buildings, explaining how it is more cost-effective to attack old people than young couples because the former have more cash at home and are easier to kill. In a following scene, he screams wildly at an elderly lady, causing her to have a heart attack. As she lies dying, he casually remarks that this method saved him a bullet. Ben continues his candid explanations and appalling rampage, shooting, strangling, and beating to death anyone who comes his way: women , immigrants , and postmen . The camera crew becomes more and more involved in the murders, first as accomplices but eventually taking an active part in them. When Ben invades a home and kills an entire family, they help him hold down a young boy and smother him. They meet a competing camera crew and take turns shooting the three men. During filming, two of Ben\'s crew are killed; their deaths are later called "occupational hazards" by a crew member. When Ben takes a couple hostage in their own home, he holds the man at gunpoint while he and the crew gang-rape the woman. The following morning, the camera dispassionately records the aftermath: the woman has been butchered with a knife, her entrails spilling out, and the man has been shot to death. Ben\'s violence becomes more and more random until he kills an acquaintance in front of his girlfriend and friends during a birthday dinner. Spattered with blood, they act as though nothing horrible has happened, continuing to offer Ben presents. The film crew disposes of the body for Ben. After a victim flees before he can be killed, Ben is arrested, but he escapes. At this point someone starts taking revenge on him and his family. Ben discovers that his parents have been killed, along with his girlfriend: a flautist, she has been murdered in a particularly humiliating manner, with her flute inserted into her anus. This prompts Ben to decide that he must leave. He meets the camera crew to say farewell, but in the middle of reciting a poem he is abruptly shot dead by an off-camera gunman. The camera crew is then picked off one by one. After the camera falls, it keeps running, and the film ends with the death of the fleeing sound recordist.'] ['Set in the town of Springfield, Believe tells the story of Adam Pendon , a struggling truck driver who was recently laid off from his job at the steel mill when it closes. Adam is approached by a salesman for a multi-level marketing company, Believe Industries. The salesman, Mark Fuller , offers Adam a business opportunity. Adam agrees to meet Mark at a local hotel for the business meeting. This meeting is filled with distributors for Believe Industries, such as Dan Bretenheirmer  and Sally Bretenheirmer  who are unable to succeed at Believe, even though they sincerely try to work the program. Tom  and Amy Hawks  are a focused couple who also meet Adam. The owner of Believe is Howard Flash ([[Jeff Olson , who claims to have lived in a trailer park until the business of Believe saved his life and made him wealthy. Adam decides to join Believe and succeeds unexpectedly. He is invited to be a speaker at a Believe convention. The crux of the plot is Adam at a crossroads of either enjoying wealth and fame from Believe or walking away because he believes he is misleading other people with his wealth and fame.Kaleidoscope Pictures'] ['Aging failed musician and roadie Le Donk is introduced to a fly on the wall documentary film crew, including real life director Meadows, at his Nottingham home. Scorzayzee is an aspiring rapper who Le Donk is mentoring. Le Donk and the film crew visit the home of his former girlfriend Olivia , who is pregnant with Le Donk\'s child. Le Donk becomes irate when he learns Olivia\'s new boyfriend is to be her birth partner. Le Donk, Scorzayzee, Meadows, and the film crew drive to Manchester in a Bedford Rascal, where Le Donk has been hired to assist at the "Arctical" Monkeys\' gig at the Old Trafford Cricket Ground. Le Donk intends to use his contacts to attain a supporting slot for Scorzayzee. Leaving the seemingly hapless Scorzayaee to practice on his new electronic keyboard, Le Donk goes backstage and speaks to the Arctic Monkeys\' guitar tech Nigel "Big Nige" Reeks. Scorzayzee, unable to operate or even power on the keyboard, wanders through the cricket ground, eventually ending up on the stage, which Le Donk has left. Big Nige the helps Scorzayzee hook up the keyboard to the sound system and shows him how to get some "beats." Scorzayzee then freestyles, impressing those present. A short time later Le Donk confirms that a short support slot has been granted. After this it is revealed that Le Donk is to accompany Scorzayzee, playing the  loops on the keyboard and singing in between Scorzayzee\'s rap verses. Later in the evening, Le Donk receives a call from Olivia\'s boyfriend, as she has gone into labour. Le Donk is at first reluctant to let Scorzayzee play the gig on his own, worried that he would not be able to handle the keyboards.  Le Donk then admits he is not required and that Scorzayzee is "the talent." Le Donk drives back to Nottingham and meets his baby son, and Olivia convinces him to travel back to Manchester to play. The following afternoon, the two take to the stage at Old Trafford and play one song with the crowd reacting well to Scorzayzee\'s rapping but seemingly bemused by Le Donk\'s lyrics, which begin "Just calm down Deirdre Barlow, just calm down Stephen Hawking."'] ['Broadcast in the year 2008, the film is presented in a TV documentary style format, combining talking head interviews, news coverage clips and video surveillance footage surrounding the assassination of U.S. President George W. Bush in Chicago around a year earlier on 19 October 2007. The president is fatally shot by a sniper after he addresses an economic forum at the Chicago Sheraton Hotel, before which an anti-war rally had taken place. News outlets immediately begin reporting on the incident along with its political ramifications. After authorities earlier arrest and interrogate war-protesting detainees such as Frank Molini  and Samir Masri ; an IT professional of Syrian origin, Jamal Abu Zikri , becomes the prime suspect. Vice President Dick Cheney, now president, uses the possible al-Qaeda relationship in connection with the suspected assassin, Zikri, to push his own domestic political security agenda. He calls for the legislation of PATRIOT Act III, trying to increase the investigative powers of the FBI, the police, and other government agencies over U.S. citizens and resident aliens as he contemplates attacking Syria. As his wife Zahra  listens to the verdict with family attorney Dawn Norton  in a packed courtroom, Zikri is convicted of killing the U.S. President and sentenced to death based upon dubious forensic evidence. Meanwhile, a new report which surfaces, substantiated by interviews with Marianne Claybon , indicates that the perpetrator is most likely her husband Al Claybon , a veteran of the 1991 Persian Gulf War, who lived in Rock Island, Illinois, and who also was the father of David Claybon, a U.S. soldier recently killed in the Iraq War. The assassin, who blames President Bush for the death of his son, killed himself after Bush\'s assassination. Claybon\'s suicide note, addressed to a second son, Casey Claybon , an Iraq War veteran living in Chicago who was previously considered as a suspect, reads: {{cquote}} Ten months after President Bush\'s assassination, Zikri remains on death row at the Stateville Correctional Center, because government officials are deliberately delaying his legal appeal. Moreover, in his dead father\'s Rock Island house, Casey Claybon finds evidence of his father\'s planning of the shooting. The most incriminating piece of evidence is a copy of a top secret presidential itinerary outlining, to the minute, President Bush\'s Chicago whereabouts on 19 October 2007. The news report ends while the U.S. Government continues investigating how presidential assassin Al Claybon obtained that top secret document. The final closing titles of the film inform the viewer that President Cheney\'s USA PATRIOT Act III, was signed into permanent law in the U.S., stating the following: "It has granted investigators unprecedented powers of detention and surveillance, and further expanded the powers of the executive branch".'] ["The narrator  states that increased cultural diversity has necessitated the exposition of previously unwritten rules regarding the use of male restrooms. According to these rules, males should use restrooms as quickly as possible, maximize physical separation from each other when using urinals, flush urinals when they contain concentrated urine, avoid stalls with unflushed toilets, and avoid eye contact and communication with others. The film depicts a scenario in which excess communication leads to a mess in the restroom and thus deficient hygiene and homeostasis, the latter of which is in the lowest tier in Maslow's hierarchy of needs. As the scenario continues, the restroom occupants turn to violence, leading to police and biological hazard team involvement that closes the restroom. Forced to go elsewhere, other men repeat the scenario, eventually leading to complete societal breakdown."] ['Six actresses — Yoon Yeo-jeong, Lee Mi-sook, Go Hyun-jung, Choi Ji-woo, Kim Min-hee and Kim Ok-bin, each portraying themselves — come together for a Vogue magazine photo shoot on Christmas Eve, resulting in a clash of egos between individuals not used to sharing the limelight.'] ['Character actress Marilyn Hack , despite having been in the industry for 30 years, is best known for playing a blind prostitute in a film from the late 1980s. Victor Allen Miller  is also an acting veteran who is known to the public as the hot-dog wearing mascot for a kosher line of frankfurters. Together they are cast in a new film called Home for Purim as the patriarch and dying matriarch of a Southern U.S. Jewish family in the 1940s. A newcomer ingenue, Callie Webb , plays their lesbian daughter, who has come home along with her girlfriend . Rounding out the cast is Brian Chubb , playing Webb\'s brother who has returned home from the Navy. The family reunites in time to celebrate the Jewish holiday of Purim. Home for Purims cast and crew are in the process of making what appears to be a low-budget melodrama. The director  is constantly adding bizarre camera shots and acting notes. The producer, a diaper service heir, dresses flamboyantly but doesn\'t seem to know much about managing a film beyond paying for expenses. The two writers are at odds with the director, seeing their script mash together Southern genteel with out-of-place Jewish references and words. The film-within-a-film\'s plot centers around the daughter\'s confession of her lesbianism as her mother gets nearer to death and the family celebrates an awkward Purim. Because of an off-hand remark that turns into a full-blown rumor, Oscar buzz begins around all of the cast . Each begins obsessing about the award potential in his or her own way. Hack pretends not to care while secretly pining for the award. Miller begins to demand a higher salary and more dignified work. Webb breaks up with Chubb , claiming he is not being supportive. He is virtually left in the dark. The obnoxious entertainment news program Hollywood Now and its hosts  fuel the awards-season buzz, as well as revealing other contenders for the top prizes. At this point, studio executives butt in and force the writers to make script changes, feeling the film is "too Jewish." It is retitled Home for Thanksgiving. Despite the changes, the Oscar buzz intensifies to the point where Hack, Miller, and Webb are convinced they will be nominated for Academy Awards. They all begin to do major press appearances for the film. These are often embarrassing, both for the actors and the movie audience. Miller appears on a hip-hop teen show called Chillaxin in youthful attire with capped teeth, a tan, and dyed blonde hair. Hack gets breast implants and extensive plastic surgery to the point where her face is comically ecstatic. Callie goes on an L.A. shock-jock radio show, only to field questions about topless scenes rather than her performance. Ultimately the only person nominated for an award is Chubb, the one person for whom there was no buzz at all.  Miller goes back to auditioning for food commercials and other infomercials for useless products. Webb revives her failed one-woman show, No Penis Intended. Hack  becomes an acting teacher and seems uncomfortably at peace with her mediocre career.'] ['Bobby Ray Jacobs , a Southern man, is the sole remaining Caucasian dishwasher in America, and is surprisingly famous for it. The dishwasher career is a legacy for his family, starting with his grandfather. The film depicts several interviews with Bobby Ray and many of his friends, including Rudy Valentine , his agent, and Tamara Swanson , his British girlfriend, which explain how he got his job and where he got to be where he is today.'] ['An unemployed cameraman, Ron Kobeleski , is asked by his reclusive neighbor, a retired Marine named Walter Ohlinger  who has been diagnosed with terminal cancer, to document a startling confession: that he, not Lee Harvey Oswald, killed President John F. Kennedy in Dallas, Texas on November 22, 1963. A stunned Kobeleski learns that the conspiracy theory that says there was a second gunman on the grassy knoll is true &mdash; because he was that second gunman. To prove it, he shows Kobeleski a spent casing from the rifle he used. A skeptical Kobeleski demands proof, and follows Ohlinger as he attempts to prove his claims. He speaks to people who would seem to support Ohlinger\'s claims, but others, most notably his ex-wife, point to Ohlinger being a fraud and a lunatic. The film ends with Walter Ohlinger attempting to assassinate the present-day president and Kobeleski shooting Ohlinger in self-defense at his own home. Ron Kobeleski is arrested and charged as an accomplice. In a short interview with a reporter, he states that "telling his side of the story won\'t help him at all." The closing credits state that Kobeleski died in prison. For the most part, Interview with the Assassin is filmed from the perspective of Ron Kobeleski, as if he had shot it with his own camera. On a few occasions, the viewer actually sees Dylan Haggerty, the actor portraying him.'] ["Forgotten Silver purports to tell the story of 'forgotten' New Zealand filmmaker Colin McKenzie, and the rediscovery of his lost films, which presenter Peter Jackson claims to have found in an old shed. McKenzie is presented as the first and greatest innovator of modern cinema, single-handedly inventing the tracking shot , the close-up , and both sound and color film years before their historically documented creation. The film also shows fragments of an epic Biblical film supposedly made by McKenzie in a giant set in the forests of New Zealand, and a 'computer enhancement' of a McKenzie film providing clear evidence that New Zealander Richard Pearse was the first man to invent a powered aircraft, several months prior to the Wright Brothers. The film also shows a  premiere screening of a recovered McKenzie film presented by film promoter Lindsay Shelton. It features deadpan commentary from actor/director Sam Neill and director and film archivist John O'Shea, as well as critical praise from international industry notables including film historian Leonard Maltin, and Harvey Weinstein of Miramax Films. In reality, McKenzie is a fictional character, and the films featured in Forgotten Silver were all created by Peter Jackson, carefully mimicking the style of early cinema. The interviewees are all acting. Thomas Robins, the actor who portrays Colin MacKenzie, is today more easily recognized by audiences as Sméagol's ill-fated companion Déagol in Peter Jackson's The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King."] ['In 1931, a documentary filmmaker hears of J.C. Sullivan who may know the fate of the Hollandia, a Norwegian ship that sailed to Antarctica in 1905 and disappeared. J.C. Sullivan was the carpenter on that ill-fated voyage and is the last known surviving crewmember of the Hollandia. The filmmaker interviews Sullivan who is also able to supply him with canisters of old film footage which back up the unbelievable accounts that Sullivan describes. The film, made in 1993, is presented as a 1931 documentary of a series of events that occurred in 1905. The footage of the fictional expedition is from other polar expeditions of the time. These clips are interspersed with the interview of J.C. Sullivan.'] ['The film revolves around the personal life of main character Shawn Anderson  and his two life pursuits, the Mesa Frozen Entree Enthusiast\'s Club and his band The Christers. The Club is an eclectic group of people who collect frozen entrees. The film follows the group planning their first Frozen Entree Enthusiasts Convention and the power struggles between Shawn and wealthy group member Vince, who is also a corporate trainer who models his training seminars after Viet Cong prison camps. The Christers are Shawn\'s rock band. Formerly named The Reach Arounds, they have turned from hardcore punk rock to Christian rock believing it will be easier to sign a record deal. The story documents the interplay among Anderson and supporting characters. Shelly Toue is an "Intercourse Prevention Hotline" councilor who is obsessed with Shawn, but who has attracted the affection of Christers member Al McTavish who works at a hair salon for children named Klown Kutz that requires him to dress up as a clown and go by the title "Smilist". The Christers are managed by Milo Bender  who also manages a pro-life cafe named the No Choice Cafe that he opened next door to an abortion clinic.{{cite news}}'] ['The story revolves around bad stand-up comedy performances by Jim Gaffigan, Michael Rispoli and Victor Varnado. The unlikely band of comics travel to a comedy and poultry festival in the country to exercise their art. Later, a follow-up gives a summary of how everyone has progressed since appearing at the festival, with differing levels of success. On the commercially released DVD , the outtakes section runs in tandem with the credits for around 5 minutes.'] ['Interviewed by a Japanese TV crew for a news report on his latest film, Fellini takes the viewer behind the scenes at Cinecittà. A nighttime set is prepared for a sequence that Fellini defines as “the prisoner’s dream” in which his hands grope for a way out of a dark tunnel. With advancing age and weight, Fellini is finding it difficult to escape by simply flying away but when he does, he contemplates Cinecittà from a great height. The next morning, Fellini accompanies the Japanese TV crew on a brief tour of the studios. As they walk past absurd TV commercials in production, Fellini’s casting director presents him with four young actors she’s found to interpret Karl Rossmann, the leading role in the maestro\'s film version of Kafka’s Amerika. Fellini introduces the Japanese to the female custodian of Cinecittà  but she succeeds in putting off the interview by disappearing into the deserted backlot of Studio 5 to gather dandelions to make herbal tea. Meanwhile, Fellini’s assistant director  is on location with other crew members at the Casa del Passeggero, a once cheap hotel now converted into a drugstore. Fellini wants to include it in his film about the first time he visited Cinecittà as a journalist in 1938 during the Fascist era.Interviewed by Alain Finkielkraut for the Messager européen, Fellini explained that the “first time I visited Cinecittà, I was 18 years old, a journalist from Rimini who considered Cinecittà as something legendary.” In Fellini, Intervista, 228. Past and present intermingle as Fellini interacts with his younger self played by aspiring actor, Sergio Rubini. After the crew reconstruct the facade of the Casa del Passeggero elsewhere in Rome, a fake tramway takes young Fellini/Rubini from America’s Far West with Indian warriors on a clifftop to a herd of wild elephants off the coast of Ethiopia. Arriving at Cinecittà, he sets off to interview matinee idol, Greta Gonda."I came to interview an actress named Greta Gonda and it was the first interview I conducted, the first time I went to Cinecittà, and the first encounter with an actress I liked very much.” Fellini, Intervista, 228 Seamlessly, the illusion takes over the realities of moviemaking as the viewer is thrown into two feature films being directed by tyrannical directors. But only for a short while; for the rest of the film, Fellini and his assistant director  scramble to recruit the right cast and build the sets for the film version of Amerika, a fictitious adaptation that Fellini uses as a pretext to shoot his film-in-progress. This allows Fellini/Rubini to go back and forth in time to experience filmmaking first-hand including disgruntled actors who failed their auditions, Marcello Mastroianni in a TV commercial as Mandrake the Magician, a bomb threat, a visit to Anita Ekberg’s house where she and Mastroianni re-live their La Dolce Vita scenes, screen tests of Kafka’s Brunelda caressed in a bathtub by two young men, and an inconvenient thunderstorm that heralds the production collapse of Amerika with an attack by bogus Indians on horseback wielding television antennae as spears. Back inside Studio 5 at Cinecittà, Intervista concludes with Fellini’s voiceover, “So the movie should end here. Actually, it’s finished.” In response to producers unhappy with his gloomy endings, the Maestro ironically offers them a ray of sunshine by lighting an arc lamp.'] ["In the early 1970s, the twins are essentially purchased by sleazy manager  with plans to turn them into rock stars. The brothers form a punk rock band called the Bang Bang. As the band's success grows, a music journalist, Laura , follows the band writing an article. A romantic relationship develops between Laura and Tom causing friction between the two brothers."] ['In the half-hour special, Huey, Dewey, and Louie ask for help from Scrooge McDuck for their new soccer team by requesting he donate $1.49 to buy a championship trophy. Scrooge, being his typical stingy self, goes into a rant of "A dollar forty-nine! That is a lot of money!" and instead give an old trophy of his he thinks is worthless, but the boys pass the curator of the Duckburg Museum who sees it is a rare artifact worth a million dollars, causing Scrooge to gain the reputation as a generous philanthropist throughout Duckburg. To win back the trophy, Scrooge is now made to sponsor his nephews, where he is taken to a sporting goods store owned by a surprisingly athletic and agile Goofy. Scrooge enlists the aid of Goofy, soon known by the nickname of "Sport Goofy", who ends becoming the team\'s coach when the teammates of Scrooge\'s nephews are shown as ragtag misfits. The team christened the "McDuck Greenbacks", come together under Goofy\'s patient coaching and sharpen their soccer skills, and register to compete in the tournament. Unfortunately, the Beagle Boys know of the trophy\'s value, and sought to enter the soccer tournament as well in order to "walk away with the trophy, all nice and legal", rather than steal it. When one of the Beagle Boys comments they are out of shape and do not know anything about soccer, their leader says all they have to do is cheat. The tournament comes down to the McDuck Greenbacks facing the Beagle Boys in the finals; the Beagles decide Sport Goofy is a problem and kidnap him. The team is disheartened by the loss of their coach and team captain, but resolve to go on without him. Despite the excellent playing by the team members, the Beagle Boys engage in outright cheating and a nearsighted referee keeps declaring the Beagles\' goals legit, ending the first half with a score of 10-0. Sport Goofy quietly escapes the Beagles\' hideout and gets to the field for the second half. The return of Sport Goofy encourages the Greenbacks into incredible playing that not even the Beagles\' cheating can counter, causing a comeback of 10-10. When the enraged Beagles resort to outright physically assaulting Sport Goofy, Scrooge finally makes the referee wear his glasses and see what is happening, causing the ref to cry foul and set up a penalty shot with only Sport Goofy and the Beagles\' goalie. The Beagles\' team captain has secretly placed a bomb in the ball, and orders a Beagle to push the red button on the detonator when Goofy is ready to take his shot. Unfortunately, that Beagle is so uneducated he keeps pushing the green button, causing Sport Goofy to easily make the penalty goal past an overconfident goalie, thus the Greenbacks win 11-10. All of Duckburg rejoices except for the Beagles, whose angry captain pushes the red button causing the ball to explode and send all the Beagle Boys into a waiting police van. Now that Scrooge has his trophy back, he donates it to the Duckburg Museum, and joins the McDuck Greenbacks in their championship photo.'] ['Stylistically the movie is a parody of rock documentaries, purportedly filmed and directed by the fictional Marty DiBergi . The faux documentary covers a 1982 United States concert tour for the fictional British rock group "Spinal Tap" to promote their new album Smell the Glove, but interspersed with one-on-one interviews with the members of the group and footage of the group from previous times of their career.  The band was started by childhood friends David St. Hubbins  and Nigel Tufnel  during the 1960s. Originally named "The Originals", then "The New Originals" to distinguish themselves from an existing group of the same nameThere is an unrelated real group The Originals, a Motown group active in the late 1960s to the present day., they settled on the name "The Thamesmen", finding success with their skiffle/Rhythm and blues single "Gimme Some Money". They changed their name again to "Spinal Tap" and enjoyed limited success with the flower power anthem "Listen to the Flower People". Ultimately, the band became successful with heavy metal style and produced several albums. The group was joined eventually by bassist Derek Smalls , keyboardist Viv Savage , and a series of drummers, each of whom mysteriously dies under odd circumstances, including spontaneous human combustion, a "bizarre gardening accident" and, in at least one case, choking to death on the vomit of person unknown. DiBergi\'s interviews with St. Hubbins and Tufnel reveal that they are competent composers and musicians, but are dimwitted and immature. Tufnel, in showing his guitar collection to DiBergi, reveals an amplifier that has volume knobs that go to eleven; when DiBergi asks, "Why don\'t you just make ten louder and make ten be the top number and make that a little louder?" Tufnel can only reply, "These go to eleven." Tufnel later plays a somber quasi-classical music composition on piano for DiBergi, claiming it to be a "Mach piece" , before revealing the composition to be entitled "Lick My Love Pump". As the tour starts, concert appearances are repeatedly canceled due to low ticket sales. Tensions continue to increase when several major retailers refuse to sell Smell the Glove because of its sexist cover art and there is growing resentment shown towards the group\'s manager Ian Faith . Tufnel becomes even more perturbed when St. Hubbins\' girlfriend Jeanine  — a manipulative yoga and astrology devotee — joins the group on tour, begins to participate with band meetings, and attempts to influence their costumes and stage presentation. The band\'s distributor, Polymer Records, opts to release Smell the Glove with an entirely black cover without consulting the band. The album fails to draw crowds to autograph sessions with the band.  To revive interest, Tufnel suggests staging a performance of "Stonehenge," an epic song that is to be accompanied in concert by a lavish stage show, and asks Ian to order a giant Stonehenge megalith for the show. However, Tufnel, rushing a sketch on a napkin, mislabels its dimensions, using a double prime symbol instead of single prime. The resulting prop, seen for the first time by the group during a show, is only 18&nbsp;inches high , making the group a laughing stock on stage. The group accuses Faith of mismanagement, and when St. Hubbins suggests Jeanine should co-manage the group, Faith quits in disgust. The tour continues, rescheduled into smaller and smaller venues. Tufnel becomes marginalized by Jeanine and St. Hubbins. At their next gig  Tufnel is upset by an equipment malfunction and leaves the group in the middle of a show. In their next gig, in an amphitheater at an amusement park , David tells the sparse crowd that they\'re witnessing a new birth, having renamed the band \'Spinal Tap Mark 2\' as he and the remaining members are forced to perform a fusion-esque, experimental song entitled, \'Jazz Odyssey\' due to the lack of Tufnel\'s presence and material. At the last show of the tour, as the group considers venturing into a musical theatre production on the theme of Jack the Ripper entitled \'Saucy Jack\', Tufnel reappears and informs them that he is "a messenger" from Ian Faith and Sex Farm is wildly popular in Japan, in fact it`s at number 5 in the charts there. He then tells David that Faith would like to arrange a new tour in that country. David is initially cool to the idea, but later, when on stage, David beckons Nigel on to join them and he grabs his guitar and plays with them onstage. David he gets caught up in the moment of the tour\'s final performance and not only allows Nigel to return, but rehires Faith back as manager as well. Despite losing their drummer Mick Shrimpton  as he inexplicably explodes onstage, the film ends with Spinal Tap playing a series of sold-out arena shows for enthusiastic fans on their Japanese tour.'] ['Bogwood, Washington is a pleasant suburban community with a special distinction—it has more garages per capita than any other town in America. Not surprisingly, Bogwood is also the "Garage Sale Capital of the U.S.A." When retirees Doris & Clayton Fenwick decide to empty their nest of retro-modern antiques, they set the wheels in motion for a frantically funny "g-sale" involving Bogwood\'s most avid garage sale junkies: Angela Cocci , Ed LaSalle , Dick Nickerson , and BJ Harwood & Helen Ziegler . These colorful characters try to outmaneuver each other to score their ultimate garage sale treasure: an antique board game worth a fortune.'] ['Bob Roberts takes place in Pennsylvania. It depicts a fictitious senatorial race between conservative Republican folk singer, Bob Roberts  and the incumbent Democrat, Brickley Paiste . The film is shot through the perspective of Terry Manchester ([[Brian Murray , a British documentary filmmaker who is following the Roberts campaign. Through his lens we see Roberts travel across the state, performing songs about drug users, lazy people and the triumph of traditional family values over the rebelliousness of the 1960s. As the campaign continues, Paiste remains in the lead until a scandal arises involving him and a young woman who was seen emerging from a car with him. Paiste claims that she was a friend of his granddaughter who he was driving home, but he cannot shake the accusations. Throughout the campaign, reporter Bugs Raplin  attempts to use the documentary being made about Roberts as a way to expose him to the public as a fraud. Raplin believes that Roberts\' anti-drug charity, Broken Dove, is connected to an old Central Intelligence Agency drug trafficking scheme. As the election approaches, Roberts is asked to appear on a network\'s sketch comedy show. When Roberts announces that he will not be playing the song he had originally proposed, a dispute breaks out between the cast and producers of the show. This new song turns out to be nothing more than a thinly-veiled campaign endorsement, and an angry staff member of the network pulls the plug mid-performance. As Roberts is leaving the studio, he is shot by a would-be assassin. Raplin, who has been causing problems for the campaign, is initially linked to the shooting, but he is later cleared when it is found that due to constrictive palsy in his right hand he physically could not have fired the gun. Following the incident, Raplin contends that Roberts was never actually shot and that the gun was fired into the ground. The campaign is boosted by public support following the assassination attempt, and Roberts wins the election with 52 percent of the vote. Although Roberts claims that his wounds have left him paralysed from the waist down, he is seen tapping his feet at a celebration party. While Terry Manchester is interviewing Roberts\' supporters outside the new Senator\'s hotel, a boy runs up shouting, "He\'s dead, he\'s dead, they got him!" When Manchester asks him what he\'s talking about, the boy shouts, "Bugs Raplin! He\'s dead! They got him!" A joyful celebration breaks out among Roberts\' supporters, the shot changes to an image of his hotel room, and an upright walking shadow suggesting Roberts\' profile passes the window before the lights go out. The film ends with a radio news report about Raplin\'s death at the hands of a right-wing fanatic and a shot of Manchester standing in the Jefferson Memorial, looking at the words, "I have sworn upon the altar of God eternal hostility against every form of tyranny over the mind of man," inscribed there.'] ['The film begins with an introduction to the documentary from the boys. Nat and Alex Wolff, aged nine and six respectively, are members of the fictional band The Silver Boulders which also consists of Thomas, David, Josh, and their manager Cooper. The band found success after music executive ([[John B. Williams  signed them to his label, Who\'s the Man Records. The band performs their new song, "Motormouth" at a concert in the Hammerstein Ballroom. After the show, the band members describe how their group started and a clip from their music video "Crazy Car" is shown. The bandmates get along well until Thomas composes the song "Boys Rule, Girls Drool", which Nat dislikes. Nat writes a song called "Rosalina" that is about Josh\'s elder half-sister. Thomas and Josh ridicule Nat about the song because it shows his feelings for her. Moreover, Josh composes another song that Nat also dislikes, titled "I\'m the God of Rock and Roll", set to the tune of "Twinkle, Twinkle, Little Star". The band has a food fight in a restaurant, prompting Thomas, David, and Josh to leave and form a new group, The Gold Boulders, managed by the scornful Mort Needleman . After watching media reports of the band\'s split on television, Nat and Alex go into a state of depression. Alex begins to binge on lemon-lime soda and falls asleep, while he lay curled in the midst of aluminum cans. Nat simultaneously writes a song by the piano titled "If There Was a Place to Hide" as the band\'s fans gather outside his apartment, pleading for them to reunite. Despite the absence of the formers, Alex persuades a reluctant Nat to revive the band, and subsequently they change the band\'s title to its original, The Naked Brothers Band. Through a line-up of auditions, Nat, Alex, and Cooper select Rosalina as their cellist and Cole Hawkins — a member of the original Naked Brothers Band — as the guitarist. The newly established band embark on a tour to Chicago, though Nat discovers that The Gold Boulders is their opening act. The Gold Boulders start the show with "Boys Rule, Girls Drool" and are immediately booed off the stage. After their performance, The Naked Brothers Band perform "Hardcore Wrestlers " and "Rosalina", which are greeted with a loud applause from the audience. After the concert, Nat hosts a party for the band in his apartment. In the midst of the party, David, Thomas, and Josh arrive at his front door, asking to join the reconstructed band. Forgivingly, a surprised Nat welcomes them to join the celebration. The film concludes with the outfit performing "Crazy Car" on the roof of the Wolffs\' apartment while fireworks detonate in the background.'] ['Billy, a shy young man looking for a date, meets the beautiful Jenny Smith at a nightclub. They enter a relationship where Billy is bashful to tell Jenny that he loves her due to fear of being "trapped", and both paramours are given advice from their respective friends. The couple engage in sexual encounters while using barrier devices, and during these encounters, Billy is unable to reveal Jenny his affection. Then, one year after their first meeting, Billy and Jenny decide to take a vacation, and  sleep together without condoms or diaphragms. Soon after, Jenny discovers that she is pregnant, and argues with Billy who accuses her of trapping him into marriage while the couple then take bad consultations from their coworkers. Eventually, Jenny decides to go to a clinic to abort her unwanted child. Billy comes to his senses and stops her from doing so, resulting in the two confessing their love for one another. The film ends with Billy and Jenny getting happily married, and they celebrate the birth of their newborn child.'] [' At the very beginning of the film, Bill Gates  walks onto the stage of the pavilion in MacArthur Park, Los Angeles, California on Thursday, December 2, 1999 to give a check for one million dollars to "Literacy For Life" as part of the "Bill Gates Foundation."  Upon reaching the stage, Gates is shot dead by a sniper - first in the right shoulder, then the head. While chasing after the unknown sniper through an abandoned building, a rookie police officer fatally shoots Alek J. Hidell , a minor anti-establishment figure and minority, in the head. Hiddell is named as the assassin of Gates, a report to this effect is filed by district attorney Gil Garcetti, and the case is closed. Beyond this point, which occurs before the opening credits are finished, Gates doesn\'t reappear and is mentioned only as a wealthy successful man and the subject of the assassination being investigated. The word "Microsoft" barely makes an appearance in the film, and Gates is portrayed as a well-liked and missed public figure, with a very passing mention of the existence of anti-Gates sentiment.  However, a group of people dissatisfied with the official version of events organizes into the activist group Citizens for Truth, and sets out to examine the available evidence of the assassination. The organization uncovers numerous details that create reasonable doubt as to the guilt of Hiddell in the assassination, and the possibility that the real assassin is still at large. The mockumentary follows the organization as they grow in numbers, political prominence, and progress in their investigative efforts. The organization\'s success reaches a climax at their first annual convention, which is followed by their rapid drop in credibility and visibility to become effectively irrelevant.'] [' In a posh London gallery, Carolyn Dalgleish  prepares a showing of the latest works by John Bolton; disturbing portraits of beautiful, vicious vampiric women he encountered whilst pot holing. The Interviewer  collects information on Bolton, who seems to perplex those who work with him and collect his art (like radio personality Jonathan Ross . Bolton appears to review the placement of the paintings before the opening. Eccentric and detached, Bolton is uncomfortable with the amount of attention being paid to him. Forced to give a speech at that evening\'s party , Bolton quietly states that he simply "paints what he sees." Following the gala, Bolton is interviewed at home by Brigstocke. Bolton again proves elusive with answers about his art, though he does  agree to have his work habits filmed for the first time . As dusk approaches, Bolton takes the Interviewer to his studio, located in the basement of an ancient monastery and graveyard. As the hours drag on, Bolton shows no signs of getting started , and the Interviewer finally leaves. Filming himself as he walks out of the graveyard, the Interviewer spots two ghostly women  moving towards him. The camera falls to the ground, and the film closes on Bolton\'s latest work: a pale woman, with zebra stripes running up her leg, feasting on human flesh.'] ["Television executive Katy  develops what she hopes will become the most watched television show of all time, the ultimate game show called Live! where six contestants play Russian roulette with a revolver with six chambers loaded with one live cartridge and five dummy cartridges. During the show, after the cylinder is randomly turned, the six will fire the gun one by one pointed at their head, without intermediate extra turning of the cylinder, until one is killed. Thus this will happen anyway. At first the idea is to go give all six contestants $1,000,000 each, but, while there are more applicants at the auditions than expected, they are suicidal people. This is not desired, the contestants should want to live; therefore the prize is raised to $5,000,000 each for the surviving contestants, while the family of the killed contestant does not get any prize. As the TV Executive struggles to overcome the challenges by the Federal Communications Commission, her network, and the show's advertisers, a documentary filmmaker  films every detail of her glamorous, high powered life. The documentary filmmaker becomes involved in the making of the show by creating biographical segments about the contestants, who are Byron ([[Rob Brown , a young, struggling writer; Brad , extreme sports star; Rick , a man who had to spend much on medical bills for his young son and is now trying to save his family's farm; Jewel , an aspiring actress; Abalone , a former super model turned performance artist; and Pablo , a young gay Mexican immigrant determined to help his family . Jewel is first, Pablo next, both are unharmed. Next is Abalone; before pulling the trigger with the gun pointed at herself she does a performance in which she frightens others by pointing the gun at them; she is also unharmed, but plays falling dead. The fourth is Byron, also unharmed. Brad is fifth and kills himself. Katy is shocked and feels guilty, and goes to the bathroom to throw up. The body is quickly removed off-camera. Rick, who would be sixth wins the prize without having to pull the trigger. After that, during the after-show press gang, a man comes forward with another gun and kills Katy. The network claims the murder is unrelated to the theme of the show. Apart from the murder the show is a success. It has become an annual broadcast. This film shares similarities with independent film Series 7: The Contenders."] ["In this mockumentary, Vance ([[Michael Venus  and Pepe , two hosts of a renowned reality makeover series, find out their show has been cancelled. Desperate for work, they anxiously devise a plan to use their fame to find new careers in the porn industry. Sensing a train wreck is near, a documentary crew follow the 'famous' reality TV duo as they try to create a porn based on 'Showgirls' and 'Twilight' but find out that making it big in porn is a long and hard process."] ['On the face of it, a documentary about an ordinary man who—like many Japanese every year—disappears without trace, leaving his job and fiancee behind, Imamura takes the narrative in unexpected directions, causing the viewer to question what is reality and what might be fiction.'] ['Jack Faro  is, at the time of the film, a recovering drug addict who has had so many relapses in the past, he ultimately decided to move into his rehab and just live there. Having been married 75 times, he is a serial husband and is always on the lookout for number 76 . Even with his faults, he is a lovable guy who, just out of rehab, enters The Grand: a huge Texas Hold \'Em poker tournament in Las Vegas created by his grandfather Lucky Faro . His main motivation is to win the 10 million dollar pot to cover a loan he got from another ultimately apathetic casino owner to keep open his family\'s casino, The Rabbit\'s Foot, whom his grandfather left him when he died and that he has mismanaged into the ground. It is also a matter of contention in the film that Jack is playing in a poker competition that he owns. The rest of the players all "won" their seats after winning an online poker tournament. The other players in The Grand include the Schwartzman twins, Larry  and Lainie , who have been forced into a sibling rivalry throughout their lives by their father . Harold Melvin  is a genius with social issues who still lives with his mother . Other contestants are Andy Andrews , a math teacher; Deuce Fairbanks , a wily old veteran of Vegas, and The German , a cheater who ritualistically sacrifices small animals to gain luck at cards.'] ['Book of Love is a mockumentary following the unrelated stories of three L.A. bachelors  as they recover from a series of unhealthy relationships. The team of average Joes are no match for their manipulative girlfriends , however, and the over eager men are taken for all they\'re worth. It\'s this manipulative, self-serving treatment that drives the young bachelors into behaving like "dogs" themselves. Written and directed by Jeffrey Byrd, Book of Love was produced by both BET Studios and 5th GearEntertainment, and eventually released by Strange Fruit Films.'] ['Samuel L. Jackson narrates the story about a group of male penguins that make a 70-mile trek to go to their breeding grounds where females are waiting to have sex with them. These penguins include Carl  and Jimmy , two friends who talk about relationships and other things as they meet new characters including Marcus , a penguin who likes to kid around and brag about his huge penis , and Steve the snowy owl , who gives Carl advice on his life in a Freudian kind of way while billing him for the two quick sessions. Meanwhile, Melissa  and Vicky  argue about men and other women who bother them as they wait for their mates to arrive at the breeding grounds.'] ['The film, a mockumentary that we are meant to believe is real, features around real-life screenwriter Taylor. Taylor is solicited by director Heymann to be the subject in a British television documentary series about British writers working in Hollywood. On the first day of filming this documentary, Taylor is fired from his real-life job as a screenwriter on the dramatic television series Six Feet Under. He is unaware that the documentary crew knows this has occurred. He then relocates to Las Vegas to pursue a dream of becoming a professional showboy . He lies to the documentary crew, purporting to be doing research for a film project. It slowly becomes evident that he is desperate to find a new career, and at the same time he slowly begins to come out of the closet and pursue romance. Showboy went on to win Best Directorial Debut at the British Independent Film Awards and Best Film at the Milan International Film Festival.'] ['In the beginning of the film, Nat and Alex are talking about how school ended three months ago. They don\'t want to explain it, so they ask the audience if they want to go three months in the past in their "Time Machine". They try to go back in time making strange noises, but they\'re still in the present because the audience didn\'t believe, so they try again, and are taken three months into the past. It is the final few days of school at Amigos Elementary, and the Naked Brothers Band start their tour at the year-end Masquerade Party. The theme of the party is "Superheroes", and Nat and Alex don\'t know who to be. Alex finds the Batman costume, which means that Nat is a sidekick. Nat and Alex change their minds many times, and don\'t care what hero they are, as long as they\'re more powerful than one another, but Nat just wants to be more powerful than Rosalina. Then, Jesse remembers that Rosalina\'s prom is the same night as the Masquerade, so she won\'t be going to the Masquerade. At Amigos Middle  and Amigos High School , Nat and Rosalina begin conversing about the Masquerade Party, which coincidentally is on the same night as Rosalina\'s prom. Rosalina says that she doesn\'t want to go to the prom because it isn\'t her dream. The head of the prom committee, Patrice Johnston , bumps into Nat and Rosalina\'s conversation and tells them to act cool, because the most popular boy in high school, senior Wade Kilgannon , is walking over to the high school doors. Wade asks Rosalina out to the prom and Nat tells her to go  and Wade makes plans without letting Rosalina have a final say in the matter, saying that: "It is every girl\'s dream". Patrice gets very upset, because she thought that Wade was coming over to ask her to the prom. Meanwhile, Thomas and David are thinking of pranks to pull on Principal Schmoke , and Qaasim is running away from four girls that he asked to the Masquerade Party, who all said yes, and have no idea about the others. While practicing for the tour, Alex makes up his own superhero "BASSFF Man" , and he makes Nat his sidekick, "Birdie". Jesse comes in for practice with her sisters, Bessy and Tessy, as well as three other sisters , for the new director, Wing\'s, vision about the tour having dancing girls. Rosalina comes in late for practice  because she went shopping for her dress. Nat is also upset that she is missing practice constantly, whether it is for setting up for the prom or getting things for her big night. The next day, when Rosalina was nowhere to be found, Nat thought that this was enough. He goes to Rosalina\'s school, and she is decorating for the prom, because she has to put in hours or she can\'t go. Patrice storms in and tells Nat and Rosalina that she is going to kill them, because they cut her scene out of the "Long Distance" music video. In order to get revenge, and to make Rosalina mad, she forces Nat to go to the prom with her. On the night of the Masquerade party and prom, Alex is trying to get Nat ready. Nat is wearing a baby blue tuxedo, and Alex is splashing him with cologne. Nat goes to pick up Patrice, and she ignores Nat and is all dolled up for the cameras so she can get her camera time. When Wade picks up Rosalina, she asks him to come inside to take pictures, but instead, Wade pulls out his cell phone and takes a picture there. At the prom, Nat and Rosalina bump into each other and are very lonely because their dates abandoned them near the punch bowl. A slow song comes on, and Nat and Rosalina dance together. Meanwhile, Qaasim is running away from the four girls he asked out to the party, and  they are all dressed the same, so he can\'t tell them apart. David and Thomas are in the boys bathroom at the elementary school. They erased the legendary graffiti in the bathroom that said: "Put in Joe Schmoke and watch the other team croak!" When Principal Schmoke find out, he stops the party and searches everyone\'s bags for cleaning liquids. Cooper kept it in his briefcase, because he tries to take the blame for it. Qaasim tells David and Thomas to confess, because he wants to continue the party as soon as possible. Qaasim starts shouting "confess!" and the students join in. Then, Principal Schmoke finds Cooper\'s briefcase filled with cleaning supplies and Principal Schmoke tells Cooper how disappointed he is in him. Then, Alex  shouts out that he did it, since he doesn\'t have a reputation to break. David and Thomas feel guilty and wonder why everybody is taking the blame for them. Then, David and Thomas finally confess. Then, Principal Schmoke grabs them by the top of their costumes and takes them to the bathroom. They kept spelling Schmoke — Shmoke. So Principal Schmoke takes over spelling his name the correct way. The two later sneak out of the bathroom. At the prom, Nat and Rosalina watch Patrice\'s world premiere edit rendition of The Naked Brothers Band\'s Long Distance  starring herself. It is basically frames of her sighing and looking out of a window in black and white. Nat and Rosalina leave the prom and change into their sidekick costumes while no one is looking to perform their song,"I Don\'t Want To Go to School." A high schooler finds out the NBB is performing at the middle school party and tells everyone, so they all leave to watch the performance. Everyone&mdash;except Patrice&mdash;is happy.'] ['Guitarist Steve Jones plays a detective who - through a series of set piece acts - uncovers the truth about the band. Drummer Paul Cook and bass guitarist Sid Vicious play smaller roles, and the band\'s manager, Malcolm McLaren, is featured as "The Embezzler", the man who manipulates the Sex Pistols. Fugitive train robber Ronnie Biggs, performer Edward Tudor-Pole and actress Irene Handl also make appearances. The movie tells a stylised fictional account of the formation, rise and subsequent breakup of the band, from the point of view of their then-manager Malcolm McLaren. In the film, McLaren claims to create the Sex Pistols and manipulate them to the top of the music business, using them as puppets to both further his own agenda , and to claim the financial rewards from the various record labels the band were signed to during their brief history - EMI, A&M, Virgin, and Warner Bros. Records.'] ['The story begins with Brian Robertson explaining the current situation of Suburban Legends, "a group of unsigned, yet passionate musicians struggling to make it." He explains that there are only six members of the band, since the former lead singer, only named as "Allard", quit last week, but that their new manager, Casey Donovan could help make Suburban Legends a household name. Cut to Casey, who is trying to get the attention of Gavin Hilshire, the head of the fictitious Sharp Records\' talent development, to Suburban Legends. Gavin agrees to see the band next week. This doesn\'t seem to be an issue for Casey, who finds it much more important to design a new button. Casey goes to SL\'s headquarters in Santa Ana to make sure the band is allowing auditions for new members. The audition is revealed to be a game of Twister, except with the colors replaced with condiments, such as relish and Nutella. Some of the members are shown having minor conflicts with Mike, who uses Phil\'s lucky rag to clean up the mess from the game of Twister, and tries to convince Luis to stop living in the past by watching old concert performances. Phil clearly has a crush on Ellie, the band\'s webmaster. Derek believes that Phil isn\'t mature enough to start dating, and Phil denies having a crush on her. Casey announces to the band that Gavin Hilshire is coming to see the band next week, to which Brian Robertson objects to, as the band has no lead singer. Brian leaves in anger, and a discouraged Brian Klemm laments that not even "Hilary can lift [his] spirits." Vince Walker arrives, in a suit, as soon as possible after getting a text message from Brian Klemm reading that he was injured in a debilitating shark attack, but finds that Brian meant to send it to a girl who wasn\'t calling him back, but accidentally sent it to the band instead. Derek explains that Vince was the band\'s trumpet player two years ago and was Brian Klemm\'s best friend before he quit to further his education. Vince is on his way to an interview with an advertising firm, and is confused as to why the documentary film crew is following him. The band\'s internal conflicts worsen to the point where they break up as Vince undergoes his interview, which does not go well. Casey tries not to care about the band\'s break-up. Brian Klemm has started a gym for children, in which he is a condescending personal trainer. Brian Robertson returns to his old job as an employee at Boba Joe\'s, where he claims he is often recognized by fans. A customer with a Suburban Legends shirt walks into the business, and recognizes him as the guy who makes great "mango tangos". Brian tries to get the fan to notice who he is by saying he likes his shirt, to which the fan awkwardly replies he likes Brian\'s as well, obviously not recognizing who he is. Brian shows interest in wanting to pursue a college education, explaining he asked Vince to recommend him to an admissions person at his school, to which Vince, trying to get the band\'s attention, replies with a text message proudly exclaiming that he\'s getting circumcised and to meet at the "usual place" to celebrate. The band meets up at a Mexican restaurant, where Luis works, dressed as a giant taco. Vince tells the band he wants to rejoin the band as the lead singer, while Brian Klemm shows disappointment that there is not going to be a circumcision. The band unanimously votes to let Vince rejoin the band, and that the band will remain together if they get signed to Sharp Records. Vince\'s girlfriend, Trisha, is angered at Vince for joining the band. Trisha is angered that he\'ll only be able to work part-time and for three hours, is under the impression that Vince would rather be in a band than have a penis. Vince tries to convince Trisha that if the band gets signed, they\'ll be able to make a living. She agrees. The band practices "Mean Girl", with a montage showing a young girl doing more pull-ups than Brian Klemm can, Trisha waiting for Vince to come home, Brian R. arriving late for work, and Luis appearing to pluck a pubic hair and placing it an a Trisha\'s food when she and Vince go to eat at the Mexican restaurant, among other things. Trisha shows up to the band\'s headquarters, angered that Vince hasn\'t returned home yet. She and Brian Klemm get into a heated argument. Vince, needing time for himself, leaves. Vince gets a call from the ad agency, who still wants to hire him despite his poor interview. He doesn\'t want to turn down the job, or he\'ll let his girlfriend down, but he also doesn\'t want to let the band down by taking the job. The band is waiting at the venue for Vince, who hasn\'t shown up. Luckily Vince arrives with a case of Martinelli\'s, ready to play the show. The band plays "Hey DJ" to an energetic crowd, with who appears to be Gavin Hilshire in the audience. The band runs backstage, cheering, happy to see Gavin in the crowd. Gavin walks in, congratulates the band, and asks Brian Robertson to go talk with him. The band celebrates, and thanks Casey, who apologizes to the band that Gavin didn\'t show up. Mikey tells her he\'s talking to Brian, who runs in, agitated and disturbed. It turns out the man they thought was Gavin was actually "Sam Freek", a wanted band stalker. The band, however, agrees to stay together and invite Gavin to the next show. Vince decides to pass on the job and permanently stay with Suburban Legends.'] ['Reggie O’Brien  is a cab driver with an opinion on everything. When he is not taxiing his usual fares, Reggie can be found enjoying a game of bowling in the morning league, breaking for a cup of coffee with his cab-cleaning pal Mugford , arguing with his ex-wife Nola O’Brien , filling in his co-worker and former Pentecostal minister Pastor Bob  on the ways of secular world, hanging with his buddy Bounty “The Dog” Hunter , arguing with cab company owner Raoul Cassivi , or clashing with the authority of Kingston’s taxi commissioner, Bruno DeLuca . When a film crew spends a day with Reggie, documenting a day in the life of a cab driver, his world seems to fall apart. When he gets word that Pat James , the owner of his favourite radio station and Kingston’s only country music station, is going to flip to an “all women, all talk” format, Reggie pulls no stops to keep country music on Kingston’s airwaves. And just when he thinks he has a stake in the grand prize of the “Drink to the Bottom and Win” contest at the local coffee shop, he learns the true meaning of friendship. To keep his cab on the road, and his dream alive, Reggie has to overcome adversity, friendship, and himself.'] ["The movie is about a documentary team that follows the reunion of Hard Core Logo. Joe Dick gets the band back together ostensibly for an anti-gun benefit after hearing Canadian punk rock legend Bucky Haight, and personal mentor, is shot. They begin the tour in Vancouver and travel to Edmonton, via Winnipeg. On the way the band's dark secrets are revealed. John Oxenberger loses his schizophrenia medication and slowly loses his sanity. Billy Tallent finds out that by going on tour he loses his position in main stream rock band Jenifur and with that his one shot at stardom. The band stops by Bucky Haight's reclusive estate only to find he was never shot and that Joe Dick fabricated the lie in order to get the band together. The band and documentary crew drop acid and experience hallucinations. Bucky admonishes Joe Dick for using him to get the band together. At Edmonton, Billy Tallent finds out he has another opportunity to permanently join Jenifur. Joe Dick finds out from the film crew and later attacks Billy on stage. Joe Dick destroys Billy Tallent's Fender Stratocaster, which was a gift from Bucky Haight, and the band parts ways. In the final scene Joe Dick drinks with the documentary crew members and shoots himself."] ["The movie follows the life of Chicago burglar Kaspar Karr. In the introduction, Kaspar cases and robs a Mexican Grocery Store. He counts up his score and a small interview follows where Kaspar introduces himself. He refuses to answer certain questions. His next mark is another grocery owned by Indians. He shows his expertise in social engineering, stalking, and intelligence gathering and discusses about his careful, meticulous planning cycles. Soon afterwards, before the heist, he calls the camera crew to follow him case another joint. The director is introduced as he begins to interject with questions and worries about the new mark. The night after, Kasper and the crew break into the club. With no lay out or plan, Kaspar desperately ravages the owner's office until he finds a drawer full of money, at which point he begins to panic and tells the director to turn the camera off. Two months pass and Kaspar contacts the crew to shoot once more. The local Cinemark in a suburban neighborhood is the new mark. Kaspar and the crew succeed in constructing a new plan and date, and after much staking out, pull off the heist with no problems. The next day the crew pass by Kaspar's warehouse to find the police in the parking lot. The crew learns that Kaspar Karr's car was discovered with a heavy amount of blood in and around it. The film ends with speculation as to whether Kaspar was killed in retaliation by the owner of the club."] ["Two student filmmakers decide to follow Tom Green on a trip across the USA to Canada but get more than they bargained for. The crew witness Tom receiving insults and documents Tom's loneliness due to his fading fame. When returning to his hometown near Ottawa, things are not much better as the public continues to torment him about his past. Before Tom and his crew know it, they are getting in trouble all around North America and frightening events force them to flee from the law."] ['Virgil Starkwell  enters a life of crime at a young age. The "plot" traces his crime spree, his first prison term and eventual escape, the birth and growth of his family, as well as his eventual capture at the hands of the FBI. His multiple crimes include stealing paines of glass from Jewerly stores, Robbing pet stores, and carving bars of soap into guns to escape from jail. He also robs a man who turns out to be his former friend who reveals he is now a cop, and the movie ends with Woody admitting he got 700 years in prison, but " with good behavior, can get that cut in half" Starkwell grew up in New Jersey, and played the cello  in his towns marching band.'] ['The film begins with the audition process, in which Caramello is introduced to MTV icon Carson Daly, one of Caramello\'s biggest idols, who is also up for the role of the main character "Stone Fury" . After a botched audition, interrupted numerous times by Barris and Mole, he eventually wins the role over Daly . The plot of the movie he is supposed to be in is a dubious story involving "sports private eye" Fury trying to track down the actual refrigerator of William "Refrigerator" Perry and the pants of Ernie Banks . The film is directed by Bobcat Goldthwait, who is the actual director, in addition to playing the director of the fake film-within-the-film, and only speaks to people through a bullhorn. Caramello is followed around by at least fifteen cameras  during the filming process. He is told from the beginning that he is being recorded and interviewed for the film\'s DVD extras. Some of the pranks include repeatedly dumping him into a dumpster filled with manure; making him drink a milkshake made of coffee, Chinese food, raw egg, pizza, and beer, giving him a case of severe diarrhea; and bringing in a stunt double to film Caramello\'s sex scene with his leading lady. Along the way, Barris and Mole continue to egg him on, performing a balancing act of pushing his buttons and stroking his ego. The stress increasingly infuriates Caramello and frequently leads him to scream in a high-pitched shriek. Barris regularly tells Perry to "unleash the Fury". Throughout the filmmaking process, Perry is introduced to several individuals, purported to be real people, whose names are identical to historical and cinematic figures. Such individuals include the producer of the movie, "John Quincy Adams" , casting director "Roman Polanski", played by Dane Cook, studio receptionist and soon to be co-star, "Susan B. Anthony" , Japanese "money man" "Hiroshima Nagasaki" , limo driver "Travis Bickle", set photographer "Ansel Adams" , "Frances Farmer" , Caramello\'s personal assistant "Burt Ward" and stagehands "Sacco and Vanzetti". Perry never questions these coincidences, though he does express doubts as to the identity of a man purporting to be Charlton Heston, who refused to leave Perry\'s assigned trailer. To placate him, Perry suavely offered the old man a cameo in the film, which he enthusiastically accepts with humorous results. The film culminates in an intentionally hindered race to the fake film\'s "one time only screening" during which Perry is delayed by a number of setbacks, until finally making it in time to see a select few scenes of the film. The film itself  features laughably unrealistic special effects, lines of dialogue ripped from Casablanca and Gone with the Wind, and even a dinosaur . Following the screening, Perry is met with a round of applause from the audience, and is presented with a trophy from the "President of Show Business". A running gag in the movie is that whenever Caramello\'s name appears in print , it is misspelled. When the DVD of the film was released in 2006, the cover is listed as starring "Perry Karamello". Cameo appearances also include Tammy Faye Bakker.'] ["Return of the Ewok focuses on the fictional account of Davis' decision to become an actor and act as Wicket in Return of the Jedi. It also follows his transformation into Wicket. As Warwick and as Wicket, he visits and interacts with many of the cast and crew of the movie and then characters of the movie. As Warwick, he goes to Elstree Studios where he interacts with the cast, both in and out of character. At one point, he even interacts with Luke Skywalker as he jumps out of a movie screen. As Wicket, he goes to Dagobah to see Yoda, and the Death Star to see Darth Vader, and is chased by Boba Fett."] ['A Cock and Bull Story depicts Steve Coogan playing himself as an arrogant actor with low self esteem and a complicated love life. Coogan is playing the eponymous role in an adaptation of The Life and Opinions of Tristram Shandy, Gentleman being filmed at a stately home. He constantly spars with actor Rob Brydon, who is playing Uncle Toby and believes his role to be of equal importance to Coogan\'s, calling himself the "co-lead". The film incorporates several sequences from Tristram Shandy. Not all of these are part of the film-within-the-film. The latter are limited to the story of Tristram\'s conception, birth and christening; Uncle Toby\'s experiences at the Battle of Namur and Tristram\'s sudden and accidental circumcision at the age of three. Uncle Toby\'s wooing of Widow Wadnam  takes place in a sequence dreamed by Steve Coogan and after the cast and crew have viewed the "completed" film ending, with Walter Shandy fainting at the sight of his wife giving birth, the question "How does the book end?" is followed by the concluding scene of the novel, in which Yorick says "It is a story about a Cock and a Bull - and the best of its kind that ever I heard!"'] ['When influential folk music producer Irving Steinbloom dies, his children organize a memorial concert featuring his three most famous acts: The Folksmen, The New Main Street Singers, and Mitch & Mickey. The Folksmen trio consists of Mark Shubb , Alan Barrows , and Jerry Palter . Their most famous folk song was "Old Joe\'s Place." The New Main Street Singers are the second generation of the original Main Street Singers, formed by George Menschell , the sole survivor of the original group. Menschell sings and holds a guitar he cannot play. Performers include Terry Bohner  and his wife Laurie Bohner . Laurie is a former adult film star and with her husband, is co-founder of Witches in Nature\'s Colors , a coven of modern-day witches that worships the power of color. Another member is Sissy Knox , a former juvenile delinquent and daughter of one of the original Main Street Singers. They are managed by Mike LaFontaine , whose fifteen minutes of fame came by way of a failed 1970s TV sitcom, Wha\' Happened?, which lasted less than one season. The group, which is otherwise entirely white, includes one Filipino American member, Mike Maryama . Mitch Cohen  and Mickey Crabbe  are a romantic duo that released seven albums together until their traumatic break-up decades earlier. Their most famous song is "Kiss at the End of the Rainbow," during which the pair would actually kiss on stage. After the three groups agree to the reunion performance, to be held at The Town Hall in New York and televised live on PBN, they begin rehearsals. The show itself goes off with only two hitches: two acts plan to play the same song, and Mitch temporarily disappears. In the finale, everyone joins together to sing "A Mighty Wind." Six months after the reunion, Mickey is performing "The Sure-Flo Song" at her husband\'s trade show booth. Mitch is writing poetry again, claiming to be in a "prolific phase." Folksman Mark Shubb is living life as a transgender woman, while still singing in her famous bass voice. LaFontaine is reviving an idea for a sitcom starring the New Main Street Singers. He wants to call it "Supreme Folk" and have each play Supreme Court judges by day, folk singers sharing a house by night.'] ["Uptight Mark  and his good natured friend and follower Brian  hope to save the planet from global warming  by setting out on the world's first Carbon Neutral, Vegetarian, Organic expedition to the North Pole. Unfortunately they have no experience whatsoever and after shooting their cameraman after a misunderstanding, soon find themselves in a life and death race against a cocky gay  Norwegian team led by Alexander Skarsgård. Providing logistical support from the UK HQ  are Brian's wife, Sandra, and Mark's second best friend, Graham, a keen CB radio enthusiast. The documentary director, played by Helen Baxendale, does her best to make sure no one actually dies during the making of the documentary, but is way out of her depth."] 