['The film opens with a woman walking her dog down an empty, darkened city street. As she passes by a manhole, she is attacked by a creature, and the dog is pulled in after her. George Cooper ([[John Heard  lives with his girlfriend Lauren . George, a once-prominent fashion photographer, has since forgone the fame and fortune. His current project is photographing New York City\'s homeless population, specifically those known as "undergrounders", or people who reside within the bowels of the city. A police captain named Bosch  is introduced. Bosch has a personal interest in the recent flood of missing persons  being reported to his precinct. Bosch interviews A.J. "The Reverend" Shepherd ([[Daniel Stern , who runs the local homeless shelter. Shepherd believes recent events to be a part of a massive government cover-up and has the evidence to prove it. Bosch\'s superiors know more than they are letting on and seem to be taking their cues from an overly glib, weasely type named Wilson , who works for the Nuclear Regulatory Commission. It turns out there are monsters lurking beneath the streets; beings that were once human, but radioactive, chemical toxic waste has mutated them into hideous, flesh-eating creatures that prey on the homeless who live in the underground. Given the recent drop in the underground transient population, the creatures have resorted to coming to the surface through sewer manholes in order to feed. Through a series of events, both George and A.J. find themselves trapped in the sewers, a reporter gets involved , and Lauren has a problem with both a clogged shower drain and an unexpected visitor that comes up through the sewer access point that she unfortunately decides to open in the basement of her apartment building. Then, through the dangerous investigative efforts of both A.J. and George, the absolute horror is revealed: The Nuclear Regulatory Commission is directly involved in the slaughter that has been going on. Although the political bureaucracy has forbidden the NRC to transport the toxic wastes through New York because of the large-scale danger to the public, it has secretly been hiding the waste by-products beneath Manhattan in abandoned subway tunnels. Unfortunately, the underground homeless population has been coming into contact with these by-products, turning them into the mutated creatures. It is this secret that Wilson guards to the extent of having a mysterious and threatening lackey disrupt A.J. from making phone calls to the press. This thug then locks A.J. in an underground access tunnel either to suffocate from the gas to be used to asphyxiate the C.H.U.D.s, or to leave him to become their prey. Wilson is clearly willing to kill to protect his employer\'s secrets—even a cop. Later that evening at a diner, two police officers enter and while the waitress and the two are discussing, the monsters return and attack the diner inhabitants Captain Bosch argues with Wilson over how to deal with the threat: Wilson wants to seal the sewers, open up some gas lines, and asphyxiate the C.H.U.D.s despite the inherent danger to the city. Wilson, after being overwhelmed by Bosch decides to shoot him and activates the truck in reverse in order to stop George and AJ but they escape from the manhole just in time as Wilson pass them over. AJ finds Bosch\'s gun and shoots and kills Wilson before he runs over them, then the truck explodes as it falls on the manhole, Bosch is still alive and George, Lauren, and AJ are saved.'] ['A photographer and a group of American models travel to Egypt for a fashion shoot. While shooting in an ancient tomb, their hot lights accidentally revive a mummy and his followers, a band of flesh-eating zombies.'] ['American foreign news correspondent Larry Stanford  has been working out of Japan for the last few years to the detriment of his marriage. His last assignment before returning to his wife in the United States is an interview with the renowned but reclusive scientist Dr. Robert Suzuki , who lives atop a volcanic mountain. During the brief interview, Dr. Suzuki amiably discusses his work on evolution caused by sporadic cosmic rays in the atmosphere, and professes that he has discovered a method for producing evolutionary change chemically. Suzuki serves Larry a drugged libation, causing him to fall into a deep sleep. Announcing to Tara , his voluptuous assistant, that Larry is the perfect candidate for his latest evolutionary experiments, he injects an unknown substance into Larry\'s shoulder. Upon waking, Larry is oblivious to the true situation and accepts Suzuki\'s invitation to spend the next week vacationing with him around Japan. Over the next few days, Suzuki uses Tara as a beguiling distraction while conditioning Larry with mineral baths and copious amounts of alcohol, exacerbating the pain in Larry\'s shoulder. Meanwhile, Larry\'s estranged wife  has traveled to Japan to bring him back home with her. But when confronted, Larry refuses to leave his new life of women and carousing. After a few drinks that night Larry examines his painful shoulder to discover that a large eyeball has grown at the spot of Dr. Suzuki\'s injection. Becoming aloof and solitary, Larry wanders Tokyo late at night. He murders a woman on the street, a Buddhist monk, and a psychiatrist, while slowly changing form, culminating in his growing a second head. Seeking a cure, Larry climbs the volcano to Dr. Suzuki\'s laboratory where Suzuki has just informed Tara that Larry has become "an entirely new species" and beyond remedy. Entering the lab, Larry kills Suzuki and sets the building on fire as Tara flees. Larry splits into two completely separate bodies, bringing himself back to normal. The monstrous second body grabs Tara and falls into the volcano as Larry\'s wife and the police arrive. Larry, now cured, is taken away by the police, although it remains unclear how much moral or legal responsibility he has for his violent actions. The movie ends as Larry\'s wife and his friend discuss the good that remains in Larry.'] ['Three years have passed since the attack of the Legion, and the world is once again plagued by Gyaos attacks. The flying monsters, thought to have been wiped out by Gamera, are now reappearing in increasing numbers across the globe and have evolved into Hyper Gyaos. Mayumi Nagamine, noted ornithologist, returns to aid the Japanese government in addressing this threat. A graveyard of Gamera fossils has been found at the bottom of the sea. Shadowy government agents Miss Asukura and Kurata Shinji, the former with occult beliefs, are meanwhile working to a different agenda, with Asukura believing Gamera to be an evil spirit. Tragedy strikes, however, as the kaiju take their conflict to the populated Shibuya district of Tokyo. Two Gyaos glide across the city skyline, relentlessly pursued by Gamera. He manages to blast one of them with a plasma fireball over the city, sending its flaming body into a collision with a crowded subway. Gamera bursts into the station in order to finish off his foe, incincerating the dying Gyaos along with several city blocks. Gamera then pursues the second Gyaos, firing several fireballs at it until it is destroyed. Gamera then flies away into the night sky. An estimated twenty thousand human lives are lost in the battle, and the Japanese government orders Gamera\'s immediate destruction. Meanwhile, a young girl named Ayana copes with the loss of her family, who were inadvertently killed by Gamera during his Tokyo battle with Super Gyaos in 1995. A maelstrom of hatred and despair, Ayana finds friendship in the oddest of places: a stone egg sealed within her village temple. The egg hatches a small tentacled creature, whom the girl names "Iris." Iris becomes the focus of Ayana\'s quest for revenge, as she seeks to raise her own monster and take vengeance against Gamera. Revenge comes at a price, however, as Iris attempts to absorb Ayana in the process of its growth. The girl\'s foster brother manages to free her from Iris\' cocoon, but its taste for humanity is far from quenched. It escapes and kills half of the populace of the village. Iris then grows into his monstrous adult form. After killing a young woman, the military was called in, but failed to stop Iris. Iris flies toward the city of Kyoto, but is intercepted in mid-flight by Gamera. The monsters engage in a high-speed battle in the night sky, Gamera using his saucer-like locomotion to slice Iris. The Japanese army intervenes, however, knocking Gamera out of the sky with a tactical missile strike. Iris then proceeds unimpeded to Kyoto, where Ayana has been taken by Asukura and Kurata, with Asukura deliberately trying to use the girl to summon Iris; Nagamine and Asagi, the girl once psychically linked with Gamera, retrieve her and attempt unsuccessfully to get her out of Kyoto. Kurata expresses a belief that Iris has been deliberately created to defeat Gamera so that the Gyaos can wipe out modern humanity. Ayana lends her will to Iris, as Gamera dives on Kyoto and fires several fireballs towards Iris. Iris easily bats them away with his tentacles, and the city erupts in flame. The two monsters engage in melee, but Iris easily gains the upper hand, impaling his foe and leaving Gamera for dead. Iris then makes his way to the train station, killing Asukura and Kurata and opening his chest to finally absorb Ayana. From within Iris\' body, Ayana experiences the creature\'s memories, and realises that her hatred and bitterness motivated him. Just as she has her epiphany, Gamera smashes into the station and plunges his hand deep into Iris\' chest. Gamera manages to wrench the girl free, robbing Iris of its human merge, but it counters this by staking Gamera\'s hand to the wall with one of his dagger-like arms. Miss Nagamine and Asagi, trapped within the train station\'s wreckage, watch helplessly as Iris begins to syphon Gamera\'s blood, and create fireballs with its tentacles. Before they can be launched, however, Gamera takes action, choosing to instead blast off his own impaled hand. Iris launches the fireballs, but Gamera absorbs the blast into his stump, and forms a fiery plasma fist, and drives it into Iris\' wounded chest. Iris explodes, blowing the roof off the crumbling train station. The comatose Ayana still clutched in his fist, Gamera sets the girl down where Nagamine and Asagi are hiding. The women are unable to revive her, but Gamera lets out a roar and Ayana opens her eyes. Gamera leaves the girl wondering why he would save her life after all she had done, and the three survivors watch as the Guardian of the Universe marches into the fire-streaked night. The swarm of Gyaos, thousands strong, begin to descend on Japan intent on destroying their greatest foe once and for all, as Gamera lets out a final roar of defiance.'] ['An old man named Fred ([[John Steadman  is packing his truck. A ragged and somewhat feral teenage girl approaches. Annoyed, Fred addresses her as Ruby. She offers to trade what she has in her bag for food, but the old man refuses. They walk into a small cabin and Fred scolds her for what she and "they" have done. Ruby says that her family ambushed a nearby airfield because they were hungry and no one passes by their home anymore. She pleads with Fred to take her with him. He tells Ruby that if "the pack", in particular someone named Jupiter, learns what she is doing, she could be in danger. A noise distracts them, and Ruby hides. The Carter family is traveling on vacation. Parents Bob  and Ethel  are driving, accompanied by their teenage children Bobby  and Brenda , eldest daughter Lynn , along with Lynn\'s husband Doug , baby daughter Katie, and their dogs, Beauty and Beast. They stop at Fred\'s Oasis for fuel. Fred tells them to stay on the main road. Later, they skid off a desert road and crash, owing to what is later revealed to be a booby trap. Bob walks back to Fred\'s Oasis to get help. Fred\'s son and his son\'s family of deranged cannibals dwell in the wilderness through which the Carters are traveling. They are commanded by Papa Jupiter , patriarch of the clan. He killed his mother, Fred\'s wife, during childbirth. As a child, he killed the livestock on his father\'s farm and later murdered his sister. Fred attacked his son with a tire iron and left him in the wilderness to die. Jupiter survived, and mated with a depraved, alcoholic prostitute known as Mama . Together, they had three sons, Mars , Pluto  and Mercury , and their abused daughter Ruby . They survive by stealing from and cannibalizing travelers. As night falls, Bob reaches the gas station, where Fred tells him the origin of the hill people. Papa Jupiter arrives, kills Fred with a tire iron and takes Bob prisoner. Doug and Lynne are sleeping in the car while everyone else stays in the trailer. Bobby gets locked out of the trailer and asks Doug for his keys. Bobby does not know the trailer is locked because Pluto is looking through their valuables, while Ethel and Brenda sleep in the next room. As Bobby enters the trailer, Papa Jupiter sets Bob ablaze on a stake in the distance. Ethel, Lynne, Doug and Bobby rush to Bob, while Brenda stays in the trailer with the baby. Everyone tries extinguishing the fire, while Pluto and Mars rape Brenda. The Carters extinguish the fire, but Bob dies shortly after. When Ethel and Lynne return to the trailer, Pluto runs away. Lynne finds Mars taking her baby. She attacks Mars as Ethel hits him with a broom. Mars shoots Ethel and Lynne. Pluto abducts the baby and flees with Mars. Doug rushes in to find Lynne dead; Ethel dies shortly after. Doug sets out to find his baby while Bobby and Brenda remain behind. Beauty has been savaged by the clan, and Ruby is forced to eat it as punishment. She is chained outside the cave where the clan live, with Mama tormenting her. The men of the clan return to the cave, but Mercury is ambushed and pushed to his death off a hilltop by Beast. Papa Jupiter and Pluto return to the trailer to kill the survivors. Pluto is incapacitated by Beast, and Papa Jupiter is killed by a trap set by Brenda and Bobby. Doug sees Ruby knock out Mama and escape with Katie into the hills, followed by Mars. Doug catches up with Ruby and the baby. Mars follows them into the hills, but as he tries to kill Doug, Ruby interferes by putting a rattlesnake against Mars\' neck, enabling Doug to overpower his assailant. The film ends with a closeup of Doug frantically stabbing Mars to death while Ruby weeps over her brother\'s body.'] ['The story begins three days after the events of the first film. A farmer, Jack Taggart, Sr.  is putting up fence posts while his son, Jack Jr.  is repairing their car. Billy Taggart  sets up scarecrows in the farm\'s cornfield. One of the scarecrows in the field begins to move on its own. Billy runs to get his brother, but the "scarecrow" comes to life and pounces on him. Jack Sr. and Jack Jr chase after Billy and his captor until the "scarecrow" sprouts its wings and disappears into the sky with Billy. A high school basketball team, their coaches and cheerleaders become stranded on a highway. After failing to call for help for several hours, they decide to drive back on the remaining tires. As night approaches, one of the girls, Minxie , has a mysterious dream about Billy Taggart and Darry Jenner  who are silently and frantically trying to warn her about the Creeper , who she sees as a black silhouette, tossing a shuriken. It hits the tire, deflating it. The teens are rushed back in the bus. The Creeper returns, taking the driver. The remaining coach asks the teens what they saw: "She flew away". As everyone begins losing their control, the coach prepares to look around, until the Creeper grabs him with its feet and flies off with the coach. Meanwhile, Jack and his son weld a home-made harpoon-gun to their truck and make harpoons to shoot with it; they\'re heading out to avenge Billy. In the meantime, the teens on the bus are toyed with by the Creeper; it picks out the kids it wants to eat, making them increasingly paranoid. Minxie falls unconscious, having another dream, where Darry\'s spirit tells her everything about the Creeper. Waking up, she tells them what she learned, forcing them to try radioing for help. The Taggerts had answered them, telling them that he\'s on his way. The teens celebrate the good news, but the Creeper attacks one of them , trying to pull his head through the roof. Luckily, another teen uses a javelin  to impale the creature through his head; this forces it to tear the javelin out along with the left side of its head. Wounded, the Creeper flies up into the sky, only to crash back down into the bus, jamming the doors shut. Its wing crashes through the roof of the bus, grabbing one of the teens and eating his head. Decapitating himself, the Creeper regrow his head and takes off. One of the teens, now overwhelmed with fear, decides to toss everyone the Creeper picked for his menu off the bus. However, EVERYONE gets off the bus, deciding to look for help. The Creeper was waiting for them; he takes out two teens while they scatter. The Taggerts find Minxie, who tells them about the Creeper\'s near-invincibility; they have her lead them back to bus anyway. Bucky returns to the bus to find two others the Creeper didn\'t pick, hiding there; they keep their distance as the Creeper will show up to get him. Just as they thought, the Creeper tries pulling Bucky through the hole in the roof, but the Taggarts reach the bus and scare the Creeper by flashing their headlights. Jack Sr. fires a harpoon made with a knife the Creeper left behind, during his abduction of Billy, at the beast, landing a direct hit in its left shoulder; he meant to hit the Creeper\'s heart. However, the Creeper removes the harpoon and tosses back at him, nearly killing Jack Jr. The Creeper makes another attack on the bus, but Jack Sr. harpoons it again , knocking it into the distance. An enraged Creeper flies up into the sky once more, shredding his disguise off for better mobility. The sheer force of the creature\'s pull on the rope tears it through the roof of the bus. The Taggerts abandon their vehicle just as the rope causes it to overturn; the Creeper leaves them alone, heading off to find the other teens. Three teens find an abandoned truck. The teens take the truck, only to be chased by the Creeper. However, the teen driving the truck  cleverly steps on the brakes just as the Creeper reaches the teen in back; the creature flies through the window, causing the truck to overturn. Izzy climbs out from the wreckage while the other teen wakes up, finding his leg badly injured. The truck explodes, waking up the Creeper, who has also survived. It smells the fear of the nearby teen, preparing to go after him; however, it finds it\'s missing both wings, along with an arm and leg. It "leap frogs" after the teen, pouncing on him. As the Creeper is about to eat the teen to replace his lost limbs, Jack Sr. shoots the Creeper in the head. The Creeper is unable to defend itself as Jack Sr. stabs it in the heart 31 times with a harpoon. The Creeper apparently succumbs to its wounds, with its "face wings" closing over its entire face. Minxie explains that the Creeper didn\'t die; its time ran out, so the Creeper is in hibernating until another 23 Springs pass. A skeptical Jack Sr. stabs the Creeper once more and, upon seeing no reaction, believes that Minxie is wrong: "Looks dead to me." Over the next 23 years, Jack Sr. has stitched together the damaged corpse of the Creeper and presents it as a roadside tourist attraction. People come from all over the area to pay $5 and see the legendary "Bat Out of Hell", paying $10 for a picture; crows are still attracted to the monster. The harpoon gun, always loaded and ready to fire, is aimed at the creature\'s chest. Jack Sr., now very much older, appears to be waiting for something that will happen in "three more days, give or take a day or two"; the first day of spring and the day the Creeper will awaken.'] ['A lonely tow-truck driver  gets caught in a deadly struggle between a pair of bank robbers with a beautiful hostage , local cops, and a monster that has come down from the Arizona mountains to eat human flesh.'] ['After inheriting a 12th century castle which belonged to a famed Duchess, John Reilly and his family travel to Italy to live. Unbenownst to them, the duchess\' son still lives in the dungeons of the castle. He breaks free, and tries to harm John and his family, killing others in the process. John must now save himself and his family from this castle\'s unknown inhabitant before the "castle freak" has his way with them.'] ["The story is set in a seaside port, largely among a community of pearl fishers. The protagonist is the son of a doctor/scientist who was sometime in the past forced to save his son's life by implanting him with gills. Thus he is able to live under water, but must keep his secret from the world. The conflict arises from his falling in love with a pearl-fisher's beautiful daughter. His secret is discovered and the girl's stern father attempts to exploit Ichtyandr for his ability. Due to being kept caged under water, he loses the ability to live in the open air, and must now permanently live in the sea. Although set free, the lovers are permanently parted from each other. Although ostensibly a lost-love-tragedy like Romeo and Juliet, the film has a significant focus on greed and commercial exploitation , possibly under the influence of Socialist Realism."] ["Fishermen from the fishing village of Noyo catch what appears to be some kind of monster in the netting of their boat. The young son of one of the fishermen falls into the water and is dragged under the surface by something unseen. Another fisherman prepares a flare gun, but he slips and shoots it accidentally into the deck, which is soaked with gasoline dropped earlier by the boy, causing the vessel to burst into flame and then explode; everybody onboard is killed. The explosion is witnessed by Jim Hill  and his wife Carol. Later, Carol's dog goes missing and the two find its dismembered corpse on the nearby beach. The following night, teenagers Jerry Potter  and Peggy Larson  go for a swim at the beach. Jerry is abruptly pulled under. Peggy believes it is simply a prank until she discovers his horribly mutilated corpse. The screaming girl tries to make it to the beach but she is attacked and dragged onto the sand by a monstrous figure. The humanoid thing tears off her swimming suit and rapes her. At night, two more teens are on the same beach in a small tent. Billy  is about to have sex with his girlfriend when another humanoid monster claws its way inside, brutally kills him and chases the girl onto the beach. She manages to outrun her assailant but then runs straight into the arms of yet another humanoid, who throws her onto the sand and rapes her. More attacks follow, not all of them successful, but few witnesses are left to tell the public about what's happening; only Peggy is found alive, though severely traumatized. Jim's brother is also victimized, prompting Jim to take a personal interest in the matter. A company called Canco has announced plans to build a huge cannery near Noyo. It turns out that the murderous, sex-hungry mutations are apparently the result of Canco's experimentation with a growth hormone they had earlier administered to salmon. The salmon escaped from the laboratory facilities into the ocean during a storm, and were then eaten by other, larger fish who proceeded to mutate into the brutal and depraved humanoids who have begun to terrorize the village. By the time Jim and Dr. Susan Drake , a Canco scientist, have figured out what is going on, it is too late to stop the village's annual carnival from starting. At the carnival, the humanoids show up in droves, relentlessly murdering the men and raping every woman they can grab. Luckily, Jim devises a plan to stop the marauding beasts by spreading gasoline into the bay where the festival is taking place and setting it on fire, cutting off the beasts' way of retreat. Carol is beset by two of the creatures at home, but manages to kill them before Jim arrives. The morning after the carnival, everything seems about to return to normal. However, Peggy has survived her sexual assault and is about to give birth when her monstrous offspring suddenly bursts out of her stomach in a fountain of blood."] ['Dr. John Beck, recently married, decides to take his wife, Cathy, spelunking in Carlsbad Cavern. While there, Dr. Beck, who specializes in bats, is bitten by a fruit bat. He is then, inexplicably, transformed into a vampire bat. While he escapes and seeks help from another doctor, it is clear the treatments are not working. In fact, they are aggravating his condition. Dr. Beck unwittingly goes on a killing spree, catching the attention of Sergeant Ward.'] ['In 1891, Ben Talbot is confronted by an unknown creature in the Blackmoor woods. He tries to escape, but is mauled and killed by the beast. Gwen Conliffe , Ben\'s fiancée, has contacted his brother, Lawrence Talbot , the world-renowned Shakespearean actor, saying that Ben disappeared a month ago. Lawrence leaves his theater tour to return to his family\'s estate in Blackmoor where he has an uneasy reunion with his estranged father, Sir John . Later, it is revealed that Lawrence\'s mother, Solana, had committed suicide when he was a boy. Lawrence saw his father standing over her dead body, after which he was sent to an insane asylum in London, ostensibly for suffering delusions. Ben\'s body, found the day before, has been stored at a slaughterhouse. When Lawrence views his brother\'s remains, he is horrified. Among Ben\'s personal effects is a medallion that Ben apparently purchased from gypsies. Later at the local pub, Lawrence overhears the locals discussing the killing. Many blame the gypsies who are camped outside the town, while another patron claims there was a similar murder several decades earlier, and a werewolf was the suspected killer. After Gwen returns to London, Lawrence visits the gypsies during a full moon. The local townspeople then raid the camp to confiscate a dancing bear they believe is the killer. But a creature suddenly attacks, slaughtering many people. While chasing a frightened young boy who has run into the woods, Lawrence is savagely bitten by the creature. The townspeople chase it off before Lawrence is killed. As a gypsy woman named Maleva sutures his neck wounds, her daughter insists Lawrence should be killed. Maleva refuses, saying he is still a man and that only a loved one can release him. Gwen returns to Talbot Hall to care for Lawrence. He suffers several fitful dreams, but after a few weeks, appears to have completely recovered. Sir John\'s Sikh manservant, Singh , shows Lawrence the silver bullets he has and implies that something monstrous is loose in Blackmoor. Inspector Aberline  arrives to investigate the recent murders. He suspects Lawrence is responsible based on his mental history and masterful portrayals of mentally-ill protagonists such as Hamlet and Macbeth. As the night draws near, several hunters from the town take position in the woods, waiting for the beast to appear. Worried about what might happen, Lawrence sends Gwen away. He then follows Sir John to Solana\'s crypt. He tells Lawrence that he has been "dead" for years, then locks himself into the room alone. Lawrence then undergoes a painful transformation into the Wolfman before running off into the woods and killing the hunters stationed there. The next day, Aberline and the local police arrest a bloodied, now-human Lawrence. Taken to the same asylum he was committed at as a child, Lawrence is subjected to ice-water and electrotherapy treatments overseen by Dr. Hoenneger . Sir John visits Lawrence and explains that many years before while hunting in India, he was bitten by a feral boy infected with lycanthropy. Lawrence realizes that he saw his father, as a werewolf, kill his mother. After that tragedy, Sir John had relied on Singh to imprison him during full moons. Yet one night, Sir John became drunk and got into a heated argument with Ben. Having knocked Singh out and unable to lock himself in, Sir John killed Ben and attacked the gypsy camp. Now intoxicated by the werewolf\'s immense power, Sir John no longer intends to restrain that potency. On the night of the full moon, Dr. Hoenneger presents Lawrence, strapped in a chair, to his colleagues as an interesting case study. As the full moon streams through the window, Lawrence transforms into a werewolf, breaks loose and kills Hoenneger. Pursued by Aberline, the Wolfman then goes on a bloody rampage in the streets of London. The next day, the now-human Lawrence goes to Gwen\'s antique shop for help. The two realize they are falling in love. Aberline arrives and searches the shop, but Lawrence has already escaped and returned to Blackmoor. Lawrence arrives at Talbot Hall and finds Singh\'s mutilated body hanging in the foyer. He loads a gun with Singh\'s silver bullets, but when he attempts to shoot Sir John, he discovers that Sir John had secretly removed the powder from the cartridges years ago. When the full moon rises, both transform into werewolves. A vicious fight erupts, and the house is set on fire. Lawrence then kills his father. Gwen arrives hoping to save Lawrence, followed by Aberline, who attempts to shoot the Wolfman. Gwen disrupts the shot and then flees with Aberline\'s revolver. The Wolfman bites Aberline, but chases Gwen rather than finish him off. The Wolfman traps Gwen above a gorge. She pleads with Lawrence, whose consciousness faintly recognizes her. As he hesitates, Gwen shoots him with a silver bullet. As he lies dying, the Wolfman transforms back to Lawrence and thanks Gwen for doing what needed to be done. The wounded Aberline arrives, along with the mob, as Lawrence dies in peace. Aberline looks with horror at the bite wound in his shoulder and then at the moon and realizes what will be his inevitable fate. As Talbot Hall burns in the distance, the Wolfman\'s howl is heard for the last time.'] ['Phillipe Delambre is determined to vindicate his father by successfully completing the experiment. His uncle Francois  refuses to help. Phillipe hires Alan Hines from Delambre Frere and uses his own finances, but the funds run out before the equipment is complete. When Phillipe threatens to sell his half of Delambre Frere, Francois relents and funds the completion. After some adjustments, they use the transporter to "store" and later re-materialize test animals. Alan Hines turns out to be Ronald Holmes, an industrial spy. Ronnie tries to sell the secrets to a shadowy cohort named Max. Before Ronnie can get away with the papers, a British agent confronts him. Ronnie knocks him out and uses the transporter to "store" the body. When rematerialized, the agent has the paws of a guinea pig that had been disintegrated earlier, and the guinea pig has human hands. Ronnie kills the rodent and puts the dead agent in his car, which he sends into the Saint Lawrence River. Phillipe confronts Ronnie about all the oddities, with a fight ensuing and Phillipe being knocked out. Ronnie hides Phillipe the same way he did the agent, but in a twist of malice he catches a fly and adds it to the transporter with him. Francois re-materializes Phillipe, but with a fly head, arm and leg while the fly has his head arm and leg, becoming "PhillipeFly". PhillipeFly runs into the night, tracking down and killing Max. He waits for Ronnie to arrive and kills him, too. PhillipeFly returns home, where Inspector Beecham has found and captured the PhillipeFly. Both are placed in the device together and successfully reintegrated.'] ["The film opens with Bobby, one of the survivors from the first film and his psychiatrist discussing when Papa Jupiter tried to kill him and Brenda eight years ago. Bobby is still disturbed by the events in the first film, but he and Rachel  now own a biker team. Bobby and Ruby have also invented a super fuel that can power bikes, but the team is due to race in the desert where the original massacre took place. Bobby's psychiatrist tries to convince him to go, but Bobby decides against it. Rachel takes his place and the team consisting of the blind Cass, her boyfriend Roy, Harry, Hulk, Foster, Sue and Jane meet up at a bus and set off. Along the way, they pick up Beast, the dog from the first one who now belongs to Rachel. Going through the desert, they get lost and Harry suggests a shortcut through the bombing range. As they drive, the bus begins leaking petrol. However, the bus arrives at an old mining ranch in a new area unseen in the first film. As they explore the mine, Pluto, who survived his attack from Beast in the previous film, jumps Rachel. She fends him off though and he retreats. No one believes her at first but then Pluto returns and steals one of their bikes. Roy and Harry give chase although Harry falls behind, gets caught in a trap and is flattened by a massive rock. Roy catches Pluto but is ambushed by a 7-foot cannibal called the Reaper and knocked out, but is still alive. The Reaper is revealed to be Papa Jupiter's big brother later on. Meanwhile, the rest of the group stay at the mine until nightfall, at which time they begin to get worried for Roy and Harry. Rachel and Hulk depart to look for them while the others stay put. The Reaper then begins to stalk the remaining teens. First Hulk, who he shoots through the chest with a spear bolt, leaving Rachel to run around. She briefly runs into Pluto, but Beast surprises him and chases him away. She then runs into the Reaper again and is killed. The Reaper then returns to the mine, where he pulls Foster under the bus and kills him with a hatchet. Jane finds Foster's body but the Reaper catches her and crushes her in a bearhug,Sue returned to the camp only to be thrown by a window by the Reaper and then getting her throat slit with a machete, leaving only Cass. Meanwhile, Roy wakes up and runs into Pluto at the top of a cliff. Pluto gets ready to attack Roy but Beast returns and knocks him off the cliff, killing him. Cass runs from the Reaper and ends up in his mineshaft where he dumped the bodies.There she comes across the corpses of her friends and the grissly remains of Harry. She throws a jar of acid at his face and escapes up a rope with help from Roy. The Reaper follows them but they trap him in the bus where all the bike fuel is. They set it on fire and watch as it blows up. The Reaper escapes from the wreckage with flames all over his body and tries one more time to kill them but stumbles down into an open mineshaft, leading to his death. Roy, Cass, and Beast walk away from the mine into the vast desert and follow the road home."] ['Writer Tom Harris arrives on a beautiful island in search of material on voodoo legends for his novel. He unfortunately stumbles onto the secret laboratory of a mad scientist who is experimenting on reversing the aging process.'] ['{{Plot}} On March 17, 994., The Leprechaun is a thousand years old. Since that is his birthday, he can choose any woman to be his bride. He picks a young girl of the O\'Day family. The Leprechaun describes the girl he has chosen to O\'Day, but when O\'Day sees that the girl is in fact his daughter, he intervenes with "God bless you, my child" therefore denying the Leprechaun his bride, as the creature can marry any girl who sneezes three times, provided no one says "God bless you." The Leprechaun captures, tortures and tells O\'Day that he will marry his descendant in a thousand years time on St Patrick\'s Day, before he kills O\'Day, whose corpse is then discovered by his daughter. In present day Los Angeles, the Leprechaun has found a petulant sixteen-year-old girl named Bridget Callum, a descendant of the O\'Day bloodline, who is fighting with her boyfriend, Cody Ingalls. Cody, whose legal guardian is his uncle, Morty, frequently has to break their dates in order to support Morty, an alcoholic scam artist. The Leprechaun steals some whiskey and a gold tooth from a homeless man and a gold ring off the finger of Tim Street, a talent agent, who believes that the little man is some kind of performer. After all of this, he follows Bridget to her house, where a boy named Ian attempts to persuade her into letting him in; she refuses with a swift elbow to his ribs. The Leprechaun then creates an illusion that fools Ian into believing that Bridget is asking him to kiss her breasts, while in actuality, they are a pair of lawnmower blades that start up after Ian shoves his face into them. Shortly afterwards, Cody knocks on the door and apologizes, offering flowers, which causes Bridget to sneeze all over his shirt. The third time she sneezes, Cody begins to say "God bless you," but is unable to complete the blessing when the Leprechaun attempts to strangle him with a telephone cord. After a struggle, the Leprechaun grabs Bridget and disappears, losing one of his gold coins, which Cody soon finds. The police soon arrive, find Bridget missing, Ian badly injured, and a note from Cody at the scene, leading them to get an arrest warrant out for him. Cody returns to Morty\'s house and tells him what happened; Morty is convinced that he is crazy until the Leprechaun breaks into the house and they barely escape. Morty and Cody then go to a bar, which is filled with little people dressed as leprechauns, celebrating St. Patrick\'s Day. While there, Cody is given a piece of chocolate in a gold wrapper by one of the bar\'s patrons ([[Tony Cox . The Leprechaun appears and Morty challenges him to a drinking contest in honor of his wedding. While the Leprechaun downs whiskey, Morty is actually drinking soda and water. The Leprechaun eventually becomes extremely drunk, so much to the point he can barely speak properly or use his magic. He distracts Morty and Cody by turning on a jukebox with his powers, leading him to bash Morty in the head with a bottle to get away. He goes to a coffee shop, where he sobers up, and takes the time to murder a waiter ([[Michael McDonald  who was making jokes about his size and speech. Upon being asked for payment for the coffee, the leprechaun thinks the waiter wants to take his gold and kills him. Meanwhile, Cody and Morty break into the go-kart racetrack that Ian worked at since the office contains a huge safe on wheels made of wrought iron, the only thing that can harm the Leprechaun. Cody traps the Leprechaun inside, but Morty takes advantage of the opportunity to claim three wishes and locks Cody in a store room. His first is for the Leprechaun\'s pot of gold, which the creature causes to appear in Morty\'s stomach, grotesquely stretching it. Morty wishes for the Leprechaun out of the safe so that he can help him, and, for his third wish, asks for the pot of gold out of him. The Leprechaun cuts Morty\'s stomach open and pulls out the pot, killing Morty. Morty begs for help as he dies, but the Leprechaun laughingly says "love to, friend, but you\'re all out of wishes." Just then, as Cody breaks out of the store room, a security guard, who has responded to a silent alarm that Morty tripped, enters. The Leprechaun disappears, setting Cody up to take the fall for the brutal murder. Before he can arrest Cody, however, the officer is lured onto the track by the Leprechaun\'s impersonation of Bridget and is run over twice and killed by the little green man in his own custom go-kart. He attempts to kill Cody for his gold coin, but Cody realizes that as long as he holds it, the Leprechaun cannot harm him, leading him to run to the Leprechaun\'s lair to attempt rescuing Bridget. Before he can find Bridget, however, Cody is attacked by the skeleton of Willam O\' Day carrying out the Leprechaun\'s bidding. When he manages to fell the skeleton, he is encased in a tangle of tree roots. When the tree roots turn out to be an illusion, he finally stumbles upon Bridget in the Leprechaun\'s room with a gold collar on her neck. Suddenly, the Leprechaun corners Cody, demanding that he return his coin. Bridget, who has been picking at her collar with a broken awl, breaks off the collar, throws it at the Leprechaun\'s head, and runs. Cody follows. The Leprechaun dusts off his hat and pursues them both . Wherever Cody and Bridget run, they end up back in the same place. In their mad dash to find an exit, Bridget and Cody get separated. When they meet up again, Bridget convinces Cody to leave the coin behind on the supposition that the Leprechaun will stop chasing them if they give him what he wants. When Cody is reluctant to part with the coin, the only thing that is keeping the Leprechaun from harming them, Bridget turns on the charm and kisses him, so Cody hands her the coin. Bridget backs away and starts to laugh saying "You Lose!" in the Leprechaun\'s voice. The Leprechaun knocks Cody across the room and then goes after Bridget, intending to lead her to their wedding bed. Suddenly, Cody jumps up and shoves an iron crowbar through the Leprechaun\'s chest. As the Leprechaun begins to sizzle, Cody points out that the gold coin he gave him was actually the gold-covered milk chocolate that a St. Paddy\'s Day reveler had given him earlier. Together, Cody and Bridget run out of the lair, and the Leprechaun explodes behind him. In the final scene, Bridget asks Cody how he knew that the illusionary Bridget wasn\'t really her kissing him, and Cody informs her that her kisses are different. She then asks him whether he\'s going to keep the coin. "It\'s not worth it," Cody replies and tosses it on the ground.'] ['{{Plot}} In a Las Vegas pawn shop, a decrepit old man with one leg and hand shows up and pawns the shop owner Gupta with a statue wearing a medallion around its neck. The old man claims the statue is his good luck charm and warns Gupta to never touch the medallion it\'s wearing. Gupta cannot resist taking the medallion, so he removes it from the statue. Then a Leprechaun  suddenly springs to life from his statue prison, jumps on Gupta\'s back, and bites off a part of his ear, accusing him of being a greedy thief. Before he can cause him anymore harm, Gupta reveals that he is wearing a medallion that he found on the Leprechaun\'s then petrified body. The Leprechaun grabs his pot of gold and runs from it and hides in the basement, where Gupta traps him inside. The Leprachaun notices one gold coin is missing. Gupta then attempts to negotiate with the Leprechaun by allowing him to have half of the gold in exchange for the Leprechaun\'s freedom. Knowing he is being tricked, Leprechaun tosses the medallion aside. Gupta runs back upstairs to call for help, but is strangled to death by the Leprechaun via the phone cord. Meanwhile, college student Scott McCoy has just arrived in Las Vegas, but while driving on the streets, he notices a woman with car trouble. He stops and gives her a ride to the Lucky Shamrock Casino, where she works. Introduced as Tammy, Scott becomes immediately infatuated with her. While at the casino, Scott can\'t resist gambling, so he plays at the tables. He loses all of his money at the roulette wheel, so he goes to the local shop to pawn his watch, where he uncovers Gupta\'s lifeless body on the floor. While calling for police, Scott unknowingly finds and takes Leprechaun’s coin and is given one wish. The computer on the counter next to him states in folklore that one wish grants the mortal anything he or she desires and that it remains permanent if kept in possession by that mortal. After hearing this, Scott sarcastically wishes that he had a winning streak. After he leaves the shop , Scott strikes rich at the casino . He is later robbed by Loretta and Fazio, casino employees and then attacked by the Leprechaun. He is able to throw Leprechaun out of the hotel window, but in the process is bitten and some of Leprechaun\'s blood mixes with his. During his stay at the casino, Scott begins to undergo Leprechaun-like tendencies . In the meantime, Loretta and Fazio, along with the Lucky Shamrock\'s owner Mitch pass the coin around making wishes. Mitch wishes he could sleep with Tammy, Loretta wishes for a new body, and Fazio wishes that he were the greatest magician in the world. Leprechaun has survived the fall and one by one, he kills them off. When Mitch goes up to have sex with Tammy, Loretta steals the coin, and when it leaves the vicinity of the room, Tammy snaps out of the coin\'s spell. After she leaves the room, the Leprchaun enters, using magic to turn the television on. There is a very sexy woman who looks just like Tammy on the television and starts speaking Mitch\'s name. She comes out of the television and starts kissing Mitch. Mitch hears the Leprechaun on the television and looks up. When he looks back at the woman, she is actually a robot, which proceeds to electrocute him. Scott and Tammy spot the Leprechaun beside Mitch\'s body asking for the coin to be given back to him. Scott and Tammy subdue the Leprechaun and flee Mitch\'s room. Two casino workers walk in but are quickly killed by the Leprechaun. Outside the casino, Scott has begun to turn slowly into a Leprechaun himself from being bitten and must fight his urges. When Tammy takes him to the nearest hospital, Scott is promptly taken to the examination room. The doctors notice irregularity in both his skin and blood, due to Scott\'s transformation. Scott, now a tall Leprechaun, stands up from his stretcher, subdues the medical officials observing him, and starts wandering around the hospital sensing that his "brother" is somewhere in the building. Tammy, worried over Scott\'s condition, ventures into the empty hospital hallways to find him. Noticing a dead mortician, the Leprechaun captures her at the morgue and threatens to kill her if she doesn\'t tell him where Scott is. Before he can cause fatal harm to Tammy, Scott immediately appears and a showdown commences between the two. As they each use magic to subdue one another, Leprechaun warns Scott that his Leprechaun-like tendencies cannot be fought so easily and that he would eventually be drawn to the gold\'s power. Scott then informs him that Fazio is the one who has the coin, so Leprechaun strolls away in the stretcher and flips him off. Meanwhile, back in the casino, Loretta wishes for her 20-year-old body back. When confronted by the Leprechaun she tells him she doesn\'t have the coin anymore, the Leprechaun inflates her lips, chest, and buttocks. The inflated Loretta tries to escape via an open door but becomes stuck when she tried to squeeze her newly inflated buttocks through. She continues to grow larger before finally exploding. Shortly after, Fazio wished to be the best magician in the world. During his magic performance, however, Leprechaun shows up, and attempts to saw him in half. Leprechaun possessed an actual chainsaw at the time, and Fazio knew that Leprechaun was going to kill him. Fazio attempts to make another wish on the coin that he would be at Caesar\'s Palace, but to no avail since the Leprechaun informs him that he already made one wish and that it\'s pointless because he only gets one wish. Everyone in the crowd starts insisting they want the saw trick to be done, not knowing that there would be that much blood and gore. The whole crowd, in disgust, sees Fazio being killed on stage, they all screamed in fear. Tammy and Scott arrive and warn the people to leave for their own safety. The audience immediately leave, while Scott continues to battle with the Leprechaun. Still in Leprechaun form, Scott can\'t resist the pot of gold the Leprechaun leaves on the stage floor. Leprechaun promises Scott that if he takes the pot of gold, they\'ll share it, and Scott will be trapped forever as a Leprechaun. After hearing Tammy\'s pleas to not take it and that the Leprechaun\'s powers lie in his gold, Scott burns the gold, which in turn incinerates him. Scott morphs back to his regular self, and he and Tammy share a kiss and happily leave the casino together.'] ['The film begins with Naomi Arkoff  being taken by her father Carver Arkoff ([[Steve Kramer  into the basement of their castle home in Rome, Italy, where there lies a rack. Carver ties Naomi to both ends of the rack and turns the wheel, hurting her. Carver claims that her punishment this time is for having a cell phone, which was against the father\'s wishes. After begging her father to let her go, Carver unties her, but warns her that the next time she has a cellphone in the house, her punishment is not going to be slow and painful. As she gets released, she runs off upstairs, strangely screaming: "I can run faster than you!" over and over again. The next afternoon, Carver comes downstairs into the dining room to be questioned by his wife Lisbeth  about what he did to Naomi the previous night. They then encourage Carver\'s half brother Peter , who is mentally retarded, to have lunch with them, where Carver tells Peter that the lamb that they\'re eating was Sophia, who Peter had grown an affection with. When Naomi comes downstairs and finds out what\'s up, she gives her toy animal of a horse to him, which appears to cheer him up. Later, Lisbeth takes a tray of food upstairs to her father, who throughout the entire film has his face not seen. Lisbeth then continues to read Edgar Allan Poe\'s "From Childhood\'s Hour" to him. Afterward, she alerts him that his guardian angels are in the room to protect him, which are shown to be small little creatures with big skull heads. Lisbeth then goes to check on Naomi and Naomi tells her that she wants to go away to college because she wants to be able to get out and meet people and do exciting things. Lisbeth, however, tells her the story of Naomi\'s grandmother, who ran away when Lisbeth was a baby to go see the circus and never came back. When Lisbeth then became a teenager, the circus came back into town and when she went to see it, she saw her mom in the circus act performing acrobatics on a wire. The moral is, that if Naomi leaves, she might never come back to see her father and mother just like her grandmother did. Lisbeth suddenly finds an iPod underneath Naomi\'s pillow. But after finding out how useful it can be, she allows Naomi to keep it unless she doesn\'t have her father see it. The next morning, Claudia , the Arkoffs\' maid, opens the two double doors that lead outside of the castle to be greeted by three people: Kimi , L.J.  and Jensen , who claim that they are Hollywood Producers looking for a place to shoot a couple scenes for a spy/war movie they\'re doing. Before shutting the door in their faces, Naomi quickly invites them in so she can finally meet new people, but the opportunity is ruined when Carver comes outside and insults the trio, forcing them to leave, not before Kimi hands Carver her card in case anyone changes their mind. Carver then tears up the card, and throws it down, telling Uncle Peter to escort the trio out. Meanwhile, Naomi gathers up the card. Later on that day, Naomi sneaks a cell phone away from one of the water delivery boys and calls the number on the card so they can come over for dinner that night. That night, after finally calming her father down about having guests over, everyone finally settles down for a lovely meal until they hear something. The family explains that it\'s the "protectors" A.K.A.: Grandpa\'s Guardian Angels. Lisbeth explains that the Romans used to bury the dead in underground catacombs, and it is believed that a couple of tombs are buried beneath the castle. Back when the Ostrogoths and the Vandals sacked Rome, they violated the catacombs searching for valuables, hence why the castle was constructed above the burial grounds. The so called "Protectors" in the castle are called Skull Heads, creatures born from witchcraft that were placed in the castle to protect the dead from any such type of violation for the past 200 years. it\'s also believed that they have the power to have control on the living and the dead. After the grand tour of the castle, the film crew leave and it\'s revealed that they\'re not really Hollywood filmmakers, but really art thieves, and after viewing the castle, they plan on robbing the place the next night. The next morning, Carver tells Naomi that the breakfast that she has just received is the only thing she\'s eating because she\'s going to be put back on the rack later on. As he heads downstairs, he finds Peter trying to stick his penis in Claudia\'s crack. He quickly beats Peter out of the room, but then forces Claudia to keep her pants down as he unzips his pants zipper. Later that night, Kimi, L.J. and Jensen sneak into the house and start stealing items. Meanwhile, Jensen finds Naomi tied up on the rack in the basement and just as they\'re about to escape, they run into Carver and Lisbeth. As they fight between the right decision for Naomi, Lisbeth explains why the family always sticks together and why they act strange : Naomi is not only Carver and Lisbeth\'s daughter, but she\'s their niece and Carver and Lisbeth are not really husband and wife, they\'re really brother and sister. The reason Naomi is a little bit retarded is because of being an inbred and confused about who she really is. Suddenly, Lisbeth gets shot in the back and Carver, at the same time, gets shot in the chest by Kimi, who then forces Jensen and Naomi back into the basement.Skull Heads Movie, New Releases Films Kimi tricks Naomi into tying Jensen to the rack, for betraying his partner. Kimi then presses an button, which causes the rack to run automatically instead of manually. Kimi then locks Naomi in a trap where she can\'t move and continues to find L.J., who had just been knocked out by Peter. L.J. and Kimi then continue to grab the rest of the stuff they wanted. Meanwhile, the Skull Heads find the bodies of Carver and Lisbeth and with their power, they bring them back alive as zombies and have them go after the thieves. Carver and Lisbeth corner L.J. and Kimi at the castle\'s doors and they start eating off their faces, spraying blood all over the walls.PLANET OF TERROR!!: Skull Heads Meanwhile, Peter comes into the basement, releases Naomi and quickly save Jensen\'s life. As Naomi and Jensen are about to escape, Naomi quickly runs back upstairs to get her grandfather and Jensen finds something shocking: Naomi\'s grandfather has been dead for quite a while. Those who were shown talking with the grandfather were really talking to themselves. Suddenly, his body rises up and surprises Jensen, revealing one of the Skull Heads controlling his body. Jensen runs back downstairs, grabs Kimi\'s gun, shoots at Carver and Lisbeth near the exit  and quickly runs outside, shutting the doors behind him. Just as he thinks it\'s all over, a screaming Naomi opens the doors, grabs Jensen and pulls him back in, slamming the doors behind her, leaving the fate of Jensen unknown.Boning Up on SKULL HEADS'] ["An earthquake has led to the hatching of eggs belonging to a prehistoric mollusk. The hatchlings emerge from the Salton Sea, escape into an underground aquifer, and proceed to terrorize the citizens of California's Imperial Valley. The navy is called in to battle these monsters. Navy Lieutenant Commander John Twillinger , teams up with several scientists to battle the threat."] ['A giant, named Vargas , who was part of an expedition of Spanish Conquistadors, who vanished in the mountains of California in the 16th century is revived by a lightning bolt from a state of suspended animation. He kills a police officer by breaking every bone in his body, then proceeds to terrorize the town.'] ['The year is 1995, the Kairyu-Maru, a ship carrying plutonium, collides with a floating atoll off the eastern coast of the Philippines. Similar events start occurring throughout the area and a team of scientists lead by Naoya Kusanagi  are called to investigate the atoll as it approaches Japan. Meanwhile, Ornithologist Mayumi Nagamine  is called to the Goto Archipelago to investigate a mysterious village attack claimed to have been caused by a "giant bird". Further descent into the forest leads the investigation crew to encounter the giant bird. After chasing it away from the island, Nagamine discovers two more giant birds. Meanwhile, the atoll investigation team uncover several stone amulets and a stone slab at the center of the anomalous formation. The strange writing engraved on the slab reveals the names of Gamera, the Guardian of the Universe, and Gyaos, the Shadow of Evil. The atoll suddenly starts to quake and the slab is destroyed. As the scientists are thrown into the water, Marine Officer Yoshinari Yonemori  encounters the eye and tusk of a giant turtle. Back in Japan, Nagamaine agrees to aid the government to capture the giant birds. The three creatures are lured away from the Goto Archipelago to the Fukuoka Dome baseball stadium. Prior to commencing the operation, Yonemori arrives of the dome to warn the military of a 60 meter creature approaching Fukuoka. However, his claims are ignored and the operation commences. The birds land upon seeing large chunks of meat laid down for them inside the stadium and are soon attacked with tranquilizers. All except for one which makes its escape. Upon reaching the harbor, the bird is attacked and killed by the giant turtle Yonemori encountered and explained. The giant turtle rampages its way across the city to reach the dome, attempting to destroy the birds. The birds manage to wake up and escape before the turtle reaches them. In a moment of awe, the turtle too leaves by igniting its booster jets and flies away. At the Kusanagi house, he reveals to Yonemori and his daughter Asagi  that the slab tells the names of the creatures. The giant turtle is Gamera and the birds are Gyaos. Yonemori then gives Asagi one of the discovered amulets as a gift and a bond between her and Gamera is soon binded. Kusanagi shares the deciphered slab information with the Japanese military, who have targeted Gamera as the enemy due to its immense size. However, Kusanagi, Yonemori, and Nagamine are called to the Kiso Mountain Range for a Gyaos attack on the village. As Yonemori and Nagamine attempt to rescue a child, Gamera arrives in time to save them and stop the Gyaos. Despite killing another one, the last Gyaos escapes. Asagi discovers that her unwilling bond with Gamera forces her to share the same pain Gamera suffers. She later heads to Mount Fuji after hearing on the radio of a military counter attack against Gamera occurring the following evening. The counter attack on Gamera commences with the creature not fighting back. As soon as Asagi arrives to witness the attack, the final Gyaos arrives to combat Gamera. Gyaos manages to mortally wound the giant turtle and Asagi in the process, forcing Gamera to retreat back to the ocean. Kusanagi visits his daughter at the hospital where Asagi falls into a long deep sleep as Gamera too slumbers to regain his energy. Nagamine and Yonemori put the pieces together by uncovering that ten thousand years ago, an advanced civilization created the Gyaos to eliminate rampant pollution. However, the Gyaos grew stronger, started breeding and began feasting on humans. For protection, Gamera was created to fend off the attacks. The onslaught of the Gyaos was eventually halted, and they were forced into hibernation. Despite the best efforts of its people, the advanced civilization was ruined. So, the scientists preserved the last remaining Gamera and bequeathed him to the next civilization, should the Gyaos ever return. More light is shined on the matter when a friend of Nagamine reveals to her and Yonemori that the Gyaos species only possess one chromosome. Apparently, the Gyaos are both male & female and have the ability to reproduce on their own. This startling new revelation is soon realized when the final Gyaos evolves into a Super Gyaos and attacks Tokyo. This event forces the Japanese Government to revert their target from Gamera to Gyaos. In an attempt to kill Gyaos in broad daylight, the military launch heat seeking missiles at Gyaos who miraculously dodges them and gets them to destroy the midsection of Tokyo Tower. Gyaos then forms a nest at the top of the Tower where it slumbers until its next attack. Because of several failed attempts to destroy Gyaos, citizens flee the city in an act of fear. Leaving Tokyo nearly deserted. Nagamine and Yonemori discover the final piece of the puzzle, the amulet Asagi carries. After trying to explain to Kusanagi that the amulet somehow links Asagi and Gamera together and share a life force, Kusanagi dismisses it as ridiculous claims until he witnesses it himself. The following morning, Gamera returns to destroy Gyaos once and for all. The battle forces Asagi, Kusanagi, Nagamine, and Yonemori to pursue in a helicopter to witness the air decisive battle. Initially, Gyaos emerges victorious after Gamera failed to crash into an oil refinery with Gyaos. However, Asagi uses what\'s left of her energy to resurrect Gamera. Both monsters charge their energy to finish each other off but Gamera takes the upper hand and blasts Gyaos to pieces. As Gamera roars in victory, he releases Asagi of their bond together and returns to the sea. Despite the Gyaos being destroyed, Nagamine believes more Gyaos may appear if the environment continues to strive the way it does. But Asagi assures them that Gamera will return if the human race ever needs him again.'] ['Pumpkinhead: Ashes to Ashes plotline follows more closely to the first film, with townspeople angered over the local mortician stealing and selling the organs of their loved ones and then dumping the corpses in a swamp, rather than cremating them. When the townspeople find out, they have the old witch Haggis summon Pumpkinhead through the mummified body of Ed Harley . Pumpkinhead then proceeds to go on his killing rampage murdering all those responsible for the desecration, while Doc Frasier  hurries to murder those who summoned Pumpkinhead, which will effectively kill the demon in the process.'] ['Belgian scientist Bertram Hammonds, along with Gomez, who survived being injured in the first film, arrives in the Lost World to drill for crude oil. He and his men begin capturing the natives for slave labor, throwing Chief Palala off the top of the plateau. He survives and is rescued by Malu and taken to a nearby village. Word reaches Edward Malone and Jenny Nielson in England, who remind Professors Challenger and Summerlee of the promise they made to Palala: that they would return to the Lost World should they be needed. However the professors are having a feud. Challenger recently discredited Summerlee on a theory and now they aren\'t on speaking terms. With help from Jim, Malone and Jenny manage to bamboozle Challenger and Summerlee into coming along with each mistakenly believing they are commanding the expedition while the other is remaining in England. When they encounter one another aboard the steamship bound for Africa, they nearly come to blows. Upon arriving they are led to the base of the plateau by Malu, where she found Chief Palala. Above, attacks by dinosaurs have set back Hammonds\' work. His drilling crews accidentally tap into a volcanic pipe during a tyrannosaurus\' visit, triggering a volcanic eruption that threatens to destroy the whole plateau. The initial eruption destroys the plane they arrived in. Fleeing, Hammonds and Gomez take hostage Chief Palala\'s daughter and threaten to kill her unless the natives show them how to leave. Suddenly Challenger and the others arrive, having come the same way they left last time, through the caves. Challenger shoots and kills Gomez, and Hammonds is taken prisoner. After several adventures including clashes with the hostile drilling crew members, the group struggles to stop the erupting volcano. Challenger creates a new explosive, "Challengerite," with which to seal the volcano. Boxes of the explosive are put into a cave nearby but Hammonds chases Jim inside, not wanting them to set off the explosives. He tries to ply Jim with promises of wealth but Jim sets off the explosives, stopping the eruption and seemingly killing Hammonds in the process. Afterward, Summerlee congratulates Challenger on the Challengerite, and they muse on how much longer they can keep the Lost World safe from human intervention.'] ['After a series of murders in San Francisco that all take place inside closets, a reporter and his scientist friend decide to uncover the mystery and save California."VideoHound\'s Golden Movie Retriever 2003", page 514. Gale Group, Inc., 2004 The film contains many comical and subtle references to homosexuality. The title referencing the state of being a closeted gay, the creature\'s sudden smitteness and affection for the handsome leading man even though there is no other indication that the creature is female, and the film ends with it collapsing & dying while marching on San Francisco!'] ["In Los Angeles, Frank Davis ([[John P. Ryan  and his wife Lenore  are expecting their second child. Frank is a successful public relations consultant and his wife is a stay-at-home mom for their first child, Chris . The couple had avoided having a child for several years while Lenore took contraceptive pills. When the child is ready to be born, they leave Chris with a family friend, Charley  and head to the hospital. Their second child is born monstrously deformed, with fangs and claws. Immediately after birth, one of the doctors attempts to suffocate the child. The child kills the doctors and nurses, and flees through a skylight. Lenore is left alive, screaming for her child as a horrified Frank discovers the carnage. Frank and Lenore are allowed to leave the hospital while the police investigate the killings. Unknown to anyone, the child is making its way to the Davis home, killing people it comes across, including a musician and a milkman. As the killings continue, the press and the police hound Frank and Lenore. When talking with medical researchers investigating the case, Frank is reminded of watching Frankenstein and Karloff's portrayal of the monster. He looks at the child as related to the monster and comes to see himself as Dr. Frankenstein, the true monster as he created the original creature. Frank denies the child is his son, and joins the hunt for the murderous infant. Meanwhile, the doctor who prescribed the prescription drugs to Lenore is contacted by a pharmaceutical executive. The executive acknowledges that the child is a genetic monstrosity that may have been created due to the prescription drugs. He tells the doctor that the child needed to be totally destroyed to prevent research that might point to its origin. After Frank is called to a local school where a break-in has been reported and a police officer is found killed, the infant makes it way to the Davis home where Lenore accepts the child as her son and hides him in the basement. Missing his family, Chris runs away from Charley's house to go back home, and Charley follows him. Frank discovers that Lenore is hiding the infant, and Lenore pleads with him, saying the child is just scared and frightened and would not hurt the family. Frank takes a gun into the basement, still intent on killing the deformed infant where he finds Chris talking to his little brother, saying he will protect him. Frank yells for Chris to move and shoots at the child, hitting it. The infant runs out of the basement and leaps at the just-arrived Charley and bites his neck, killing him. The child flees as Frank shoots again. Lenore runs into the basement screaming at Frank, who yells that her son just killed Charley. He slaps his wife, telling her to take his son back upstairs while he hunts the murderous infant. The police contact Frank and inform him that the child has been tracked to the sewers. Frank takes a rifle into the sewer to hunt the infant. While in the sewer, Frank catches sight of the child and leaves as the cops continue searching. As Frank nears the child, he realizes that the child is simply frightened and will not hurt him. He apologizes for hurting the child, and picks up the crying infant. Wrapping the baby in his coat, Frank tries to escape the police, but is confronted as he exits the sewers by a mob of armed cops intent on killing the child. He pleads for the cops to take the child away and study him, but to let him live. As the fertility doctor screams for the police to just open fire and kill them, the child leaps from Frank's arms and attacks the doctor. The cops open fire, killing both the infant and the doctor. As the Davises are taken home by the police, a call comes in from HQ, telling the detective that another deformed baby has been born in Seattle."] ["After a hotel reservation mix up, two sisters Karen and Jennifer, and their friend Vicki Thompson, meet a friendly, but shady character named Ernest Keller. Ernest convinces the women into accepting an invitation for cheap room and board at his large farmhouse where his wife Virginia also lives. Once there, Jennifer and Karen leave for the holiday parade fair which Jennifer, a news reporter, is reporting on. At the festival, Jennifer is met by her soon to be ex-boyfriend, Tony, who gets her to stay behind to talk about their relationship. Meanwhile, back at the house, Vicki prepares to take a nap in her room, but is attacked by an unseen figure. The unseen eventually begins to pull Vicki into a floor vent when she tries to escape. At the parade, Karen leaves Jennifer and Tony to talk, and makes her way back to the house alone—where she too is then attacked and killed by the unseen, as it attempts to pull her by her hair through a vent into the basement. Virginia, who had been in the barn slaughtering a chicken, soon after comes inside to find the bodies of both Vicki and Karen. When Ernest arrives back at the house, he finds Virginia in shock. At this point, it is revealed through flashbacks that Virginia and Ernest are, in fact, brother and sister, and that Ernest had murdered his own sadistic father years before in order to maintain the relationship. It is also revealed that they have an incestual son named 'Junior' who has been kept locked up in the basement; the viewer also learns that Junior is often viciously beaten by Ernest. Ernest then convinces Virginia, who the viewer now realizes is taken advantage of by Ernest, that Jennifer must be killed upon her return, in order to keep everything under cover. When Jennifer gets back, she is lured into the basement by Ernest, who then locks her inside. She wanders around looking for a way out, only to stumble upon Karen and Vicki's dead bodies. In a panic, she is confronted by Junior, who turns out to be a mentally retarded and infantile grown man; at this point, it becomes clear that in all likelihood he did not actually mean to kill Karen and Vicki. Ernest comes into the basement to finish off Jennifer, but Virginia, having had a change of heart, attempts to stop him. Ernest begins attacking Virginia, but Junior, enraged by the sight, intervenes to protect his mother. A fight breaks out between Junior and Ernest, while Jennifer escapes. The fight ends with Ernest gaining advantage over Junior, and knocking him in the head with a broken board containing a sharp, exposed nail, which causes Junior to collapse and die. Ernest then makes his way outside to hunt down and kill Jennifer. Just as she is about to be attacked, Tony pulls-up in his car, sees the commotion, and runs to help her, but trips and falls due to an existing leg injury. However, at the last possible moment, Ernest is shot in the chest from afar by Virginia. The film ends with Virginia cradling the dead body of Junior."] ['{{Plot}} Christine Day is an opera singer in modern day Manhattan who is searching for a unique piece to sing at her next audition. Her friend and manager Meg discovers an old opera piece called Don Juan Triumphant, written by a composer named Erik Destler. Curious, Christine and Meg do a little digging on Destler, and discover he may have been responsible for many murders and the disappearance of a young female opera singer he was said to have been obsessed with. While Christine is alone, she sings from the tattered parchment and blood seeps from the notes and covers her hands. Shocked, she discovers this to be an illusion when Meg returns. Christine auditions with the piece and during her performance, an accident with a falling sandbag renders her unconscious and shatters a mirror. She awakens in London in 1881, wearing opera clothing. A different version of Meg is also there. Christine turns out to be the understudy to the diva La Carlotta, who is both jealous and resentful of Christine’s skill. During this whole time, Erik Destler attacks the scene-shifter Joseph with a blade high above the rafters for almost killing Christine with the falling sandbag, and blaming the accident on him. Alone in her dressing room after she recovers, Christine receives a vision and a message from a masked Erik Destler, revealing he is her teacher and an angel sent by her deceased father. Destler encourages her to practice Carlotta’s part of Marguerite in Faust, saying that only she can sing the part as it was meant to be sung. Christine complies. That evening, Carlotta discovers Joseph’s skinned  body in her dressing closet. The event causes her to scream and lose her voice. Christine is then cast in the role of Marguerite, which causes a panic to the opera house owner Martin Barton, who favors Carlotta and the prestige she brings to his opera house. During the scene where Dr. Faust signs his soul to the Devil, Destler reminisces about a time, perhaps decades ago, when he sold his own soul to the Devil in exchange for people loving him for his music. The Devil grants his wish, but burns and disfigures Destler’s face, telling him that only his music will be what people love him for. Christine gives a stellar performance and receives a standing ovation, and celebrates that night with her fiancee Richard. She tells him of her mysterious "teacher", to whom she accredits her success. A mildly jealous Richard asks to meet this teacher, but Christine insists her teacher is only a figment of her imagination. Shockingly, the next morning in the papers, Christine is given a mediocre review by the famous opera critic Harrison, secretly done as a favor to Barton. Destler tracks Harrison down and brutally murders him in a Turkish spa after Harrison refuses to recant his review. Destler’s further obsession with Christine  is revealed when he single-handedly murders several thugs and later orders a prostitute to call herself "Christine". Christine hears of Harrison’s murder through Meg, and tearfully goes to a graveyard and prays next to the grave of her father. Destler appears as a shadowy violinist and offers her a chance at musical immortality if she will only go to him. Christine goes away with the Phantom in his stagecoach just as Richard arrives. Deep in the sewers below London’s opera house, Destler reveals himself as the composer of Don Juan Triumphant, which causes a spark of recollection within Christine. Destler then places a ring upon her finger and warns her never to see another man again. Richard goes to the police and, along with Inspector Hawkins, decides to track down the Phantom. Hawkins reveals to Richard that the Phantom is not only Erik Destler, but Destler has lived for centuries, uses the opera house\'s catacombs as a hideout, and skins his murdered victims for their facial skin to cover his own hideous visage. Hawkins also tells him the only way to kill the Phantom is to destroy his music. Later, at a masquerade ball, Christine meets up with Richard and warns him about the Phantom, revealing him as her "teacher". Erik, disguised, sees this exchange and becomes enraged, murdering and beheading Carlotta and kidnapping Christine. Hawkins, Richard, and a hobo/rat catcher Destler has been bribing in the past go quickly in pursuit. They become lost in the sewers, and Destler murders two policemen as well as the homeless man for betraying him. Back in the Phantom’s lair, an enraged Destler attempts to force himself on Christine to "consummate" their "marriage", but Richard and the Inspector burst in. During a struggle with the Phantom, Richard is stabbed with a candle holder, set afire, and killed. At the same moment, a wounded Hawkins manages to shoot Destler several times while Christine pushes a lamp through a mirror, sending her back to present-day Manhattan. Christine awakens and is comforted by the opera’s producer Mr. Foster, who offers her the leading part. At his apartment, they have drinks and Foster goes upstairs to tidy up and finds a blemish on his face. It is then discovered that Foster is Destler from long ago, and he goes to change his facial skin with synthetic ones he keeps in a special lab. Meanwhile, downstairs, Christine plays part of the song from a recording of Don Juan Triumphant and horribly realizes that Foster is Destler, as they both look remarkably alike. Foster/Destler surprises her and reveals his true self to her, who is then stabbed by Christine. Christine escapes, tears up Destler’s music and throws it down a sewer, which destroys Destler. On her way home, Christine passes by a street violin player, whom she gives some money to. The violinist slowly follows her, playing the familiar theme from Don Juan Triumphant. Christine looks back and reflects on the music for awhile. Then, very resolutely, she turns around and continues on her way.'] ['In the 1970s, Fred Wilson , an executive of the Petrox Oil Company, forms an expedition based on infrared imagery which reveals a previously undiscovered Indian Ocean island hidden by a permanent cloud bank. Wilson believes the island has a huge deposit of oil. Jack Prescott , a primate paleontologist, sneaks onto the expedition\'s vessel and attempts to warn the team against traveling to the island, citing an ominous final message about "the roar of the greatest beast" from previous doomed explorers. Wilson orders Prescott locked up, claiming that he is really a spy from a rival corporation. The ship happens upon a life raft which carries the beautiful and unconscious Dwan . In the meantime, Wilson conducts a thorough background check on Prescott and realizes he is telling the truth about not being involved with another oil company. He appoints Prescott the expedition\'s "official photographer" and requests that he be present when Dwan revives. Upon waking, Dwan tells Prescott that she is an aspiring actress who was aboard a director\'s yacht which suddenly exploded. During the rest of the ship\'s voyage, Prescott and Dwan become attracted to each other. Upon arriving at the island, the team discovers a primitive tribe of natives who live within the confines of a gigantic wall, built to protect them from a mysterious god known as Kong. The team finds that while there is a large deposit of oil, it is of such low quality that it is unusable. Later that night, the natives kidnap Dwan, drug her, and offer her as a sacrifice to Kong. A monumental ape grabs Dwan from the altar and departs back into the jungle. Although an awesome and terrifying sight, the soft-hearted Kong quickly becomes tamed by Dwan, whose rambling monologue calms and fascinates the monstrous beast. Kong takes Dwan back to a waterfall. He washes her, and uses great gusts of his warm breath to dry her. In the meantime, Prescott, and First Mate Carnahan  lead a rescue mission to save Dwan. The rescue party encounters Kong while crossing a log bridge, and Kong rolls the huge log, sending Carnahan and the rest of the sailors falling to their deaths. Prescott and Boan are the only ones to survive. Kong takes Dwan to his lair. A giant snake appears and attacks the pair, and while Kong dispatches the snake, Prescott escapes with Dwan. Kong chases the pair back to the native village, only to fall into a pit trap and be overcome with chloroform. Without any of the promised new oil, Wilson decides to transport Kong to America as a promotional gimmick for his company. When they finally reach New York City, Kong is put on display in a beauty and the beast farce, bound in chains with a large crown on his head. When Kong sees a group of reporters pushing and shoving Dwan for interviews, the ape breaks free of his bonds. The giant roars at the crowd and everyone screams and begins running away in a panic. The little people can\'t escape fast enough as Kong starts walking through the crowd. With each step, his foot flattens several \'lucky contest winners\'. Wilson gets knocked down by the crowd and finds himself laying at Kongs feet. Kong roars and raises his giant foot over the helpless little man and as Wilson screams, we see Kongs foot come down completely flat, crushing Wilson like a bug. The ape also destroys an elevated train in his search for Dwan. Prescott and Dwan flee across the Queensboro Bridge to Manhattan while Kong pursues them. They take refuge in an abandoned Manhattan bar. Prescott notices a similarity between the Manhattan skyline  and the mountainous terrain of Kong\'s island. He runs downstairs to call the military and tells them to let Kong climb to the top of the World Trade Center where he can be safely captured. Meanwhile, Kong discovers Dwan through the window of the bar and grabs her. He then begins to make his way to the World Trade Center, with Jack and the military in hot pursuit. In the climax, Kong climbs the South Tower of the World Trade Center.Kong climbed the Empire State Building in the 1933 film. The World Trade Center, completed in 1972, had replaced the Empire State Building as New York\'s tallest building. After being attacked by men with flamethrowers while standing on the roof, Kong flees by leaping across to the North Tower. He rips pieces of equipment from the roof and throws them at the men. One of the objects, a tank filled with flammable material, explodes, killing the men. Later, Kong is shot repeatedly by military helicopters while Dwan pleads for them to stop. The fatally injured Kong falls from the roof to the World Trade Center plaza, where he dies from his injuries. An enormous crowd gathers around the ape while Dwan is bombarded by a sea of photographers. The crowd is so large that Dwan can\'t even get close to Jack. She stands still and is photographed relentlessly by reporters while Kong lies dead in a pool of blood and broken concrete.'] ['Young Richard Lindsay  has given up his career in science in favor of his newfound passion, surfing on the Santa Monica beachfront near his father and stepmother\'s house, where he lives. This is to the great displeasure of his father, the noted oceanographer Dr. Otto Lindsay , who is married to the younger Vicky , who is dissatisfied with Otto\'s relative lack of devotion to her. Also living with the Lindsays is Richard\'s sculptor buddy Mark , who walks with a limp as a result of an auto accident Richard had earlier. While Vicky hits on her stepson and teases his friend Mark, a loathsome seaweed shrouded monster starts slaughtering the kids on the beach. Dr. Lindsay seems convinced that it is a mutated carnivorous South American "fantigua fish" that has grown large enough to exist out of the ocean.'] ['Mad Doctor Monroe Lazaroff seeks to create a biological "terror weapon" in a secluded beach house. His first creation is an amphibious Creature, created by mixing human, fish and reptile DNA. This Creature turns against its creators and escapes into the nearby ocean and soon is terrorizing those who venture onto its beach territory in Blood Cove. Meanwhile, Dr. Lazaroff and his assistants seek out and retrieve the body of the legendary Frankenstein Monster, with the intention of reviving and conditioning the Monster to obey instructions. Among those attacked by the Creature are magazine photographer Bill Grant and his assistants Dezzirae and Percy, who are pursued by the Creature and forced to seek shelter in the home of the mad Dr. Lazaroff. They are taken captive by the Doctor and his minions and must seek to escape or survive the battle of horrors around them. Once under his control, Lazaroff sends the Frankenstein Monster out to recapture or destroy his original creation, setting the stage for a battle royale on the beach and in the sea.'] ['On a snowy December night, a state execution transfer vehicle crosses into the quiet backwater town of Snowmonton. Inside the truck is serial killer Jack Frost , who eluded police for five years and left a trail of thirty-eight bodies across five states before finally being arrested, by the sheriff of the same town the truck had just entered. Frost is scheduled to be executed at midnight that night. However, due to the snowy weather, a tanker containing genetic material that is driving the other direction collides with the prison truck, freeing Jack. As he tries to make his escape, the burning truck breaks the compression tester on the tanker, and the acid contained within the tanker breaks free, melting Jack\'s skin and skeleton. Shortly after his death, Jack\'s remains are fused with the snow. Sheriff Sam Tiler  is still haunted by his memories of Jack Frost. Despite news reports of Jack\'s demise, Sam cannot forget Jack\'s threats of vengeance against the sheriff, his family, and the whole town. The sheriff\'s fears soon prove to be founded when Old Man Harper is found murdered, his head forced back as if by a giant mitten. Soon afterwards, a local bully named Billy  and his ski patrol gang is also killed by getting his head decapitated by a sled after he "fell" into its path. According to the sheriff\'s son, Ryan, the snowman pushed the boy in the way. Billy\'s parents are murdered, Jake  having an axe shoved down his throat and Sally  being strung up like a Christmas tree. Paul Davrow, the sheriff\'s friend, witnesses the murders, but no one believes him. Sheriff Tiler has his deputies lock him up in a jail cell. Hearing of the murders, Agents Manners  and Stone  arrive in Snowmonton, claiming to be from the FBI. At the behest of the agents, Sheriff Tiler puts the town on 24 hour curfew and sends his officers out to gather all the townspeople. However, one of the officers  is killed when Jack Frost melts down and refreezes within his police cruiser, running the officer over. Two teens  are also killed when they sneak into the sheriff\'s house for a night of intimacy and as vengeance for the death of her brother. Jack Frost returns with the police cruiser to the station, finally confronting Sam. Agent Stone reveals himself to be a representative of the genetic research company that created the acid and reveals that the snowman is a mutated Jack Frost. He also reveals that the human soul exists as a chemical and that the acid was going to be used to contain DNA in case of a nuclear holocaust. They attempt to destroy Jack by blowing him up by releasing aerosol cans in the police station and firing a bullet at him, but to no avail. They then use blowdryers to drive Jack into a furnace, which evaporates the snowman. Unfortunately, Jack condenses, killing Agent Stone. Jack Frost traps Sheriff Tiler and his son, Ryan  within his car, but the sheriff escapes by inadvertently throwing the oatmeal his son made him at Jack, burning the snowman\'s head. His son, not wanting his father to be cold, put antifreeze in the oatmeal, believing it could help keep the oatmeal from getting cold. Sheriff Tiler tells his friend, Paul Davrow  to fill the bed of his truck with antifreeze. In the movie\'s conclusion, Jack chases Sam through the halls of a church and finally catches him, driving an icicle into his chest and almost killing him. The truck full of antifreeze arrives just in time, however, and Jack and Sam crash through a window and into the truck\'s bed. Jack Frost melts in the antifreeze, and the antifreeze is buried deep under the ground of Snowmonton. Tiler\'s wife Anne , realizes that the state police are on their way. When Paul asks Tiler what they are going to tell them, Tiler says, "we\'ll tell them that it\'s too late". But one of the containers is shown to be bubbling, suggesting that Jack is contained as a liquid, and is still alive.'] ['The movie opens with Betty, an affluent suburban housewife and modern-day witch , planning a dinner party. The main dish is to be Timmy , a young boy whom she had captured earlier and chained up in her pantry. To stall her from stuffing and roasting him, the boy tells her three horror stories from the book "Tales from the Darkside".  In the first segment, Michael McDowell adapts Arthur Conan Doyle\'s short story, "Lot No. 249". A graduate student, Bellingham , reanimates a mummy and uses it to take revenge on a pair of crooked college students, Susan , and Lee (played by [[Robert Sedgwick  who conspired to cheat Bellingham out of a scholarship. Their actions \'framed\' him for theft from a museum, which results in his expulsion from the college. In vengeance for his master, the reanimated corpse kills both in rather gruesome ways, each by a step of mummification . After discovering the cause, Susan\'s brother Andy  kidnaps Bellingham, and burns the parchment and mummy that was the cause of it all. It is later discovered that Andy had burned the incorrect scroll, as the reanimated corpses of Susan and Lee, resurrected by Bellingham, close in on Andy in his dorm room.  In the second tale, George A. Romero adapts a Stephen King short story . It is the story of Drogan, a wealthy elderly man (played by [[William Hickey , who uses a wheelchair, and hires a hitman, Halston , for one of the strangest jobs of his career: kill a black cat, which Drogan believes is murderously evil. Drogan explains that there were three other occupants of his house before the cat arrived: his sister, Amanda , her friend Carolyn , and the family\'s butler, Richard Gage . The cat was adopted by Carolyn and Amanda, who ignore Drogan\'s claim that he can sense that the cat is evil. Drogan claims that one by one, the cat killed the other three: first it tripped Amanda, causing her to fall down a flight of stairs; then it clamped on to Carolyn\'s face until she suffocated; and finally, after Gage managed to capture the beast and tried to drive it to the vet to have it put down, it scratched his face, causing Gage to get into a fatal car crash. And each death committed by the cat occurred at midnight. Drogan believes that he is being punished because his pharmaceutical company killed 5,000 cats while testing a new drug. Halston doesn\'t believe the story, but is more than willing to eliminate the cat since Drogan is offering $100,000. Halston soon discovers that the cat is extremely difficult to kill after he tries to kill it several times. Armed with a gun he tries shooting the cat, but instead shoots the clock when startled by the chime. Eventually the cat kills the hitman, forcing itself down his throat and into his stomach. Drogan returns and finds the hitman\'s body on the floor. The clock that was shot by Halston is able to start ticking again, striking midnight. Awakened by the chime, the cat climbs out of the hitman\'s mouth and jumps at Drogan, which causes him to have a fatal heart attack.   The third and final segment is written by Michael McDowell and based on yuki-onna, a spirit or yōkai in Japanese folklore or more specifically Lafcadio Hearn\'s version in Kwaidan: Stories and Studies of Strange Things. In the story, a despondent artist named Preston  witnesses a gruesome murder by a gargoyle-like monster. The monster gets Preston to swear to never speak of what he saw in exchange for a promise to spare his life. After making the promise, Preston meets a beautiful woman named Carola . Preston marries Carola, they have two kids, and Preston has a revival of his art career. But Preston was still tormented by guilt about his silence, and started reconsidering the promise he made to the monster. Preston then tells Carola about that night ten years ago when they met after he had witnessed the killing of a man by a monster which he sculpted to show her. After releasing a heartbroken screech, Carola reveals herself to be the very same creature he made the promise with, lamenting that the promise Preston made to the monster had been broken. As such, she reverts to her previous form, and their children transform into similar monsters as well. Within the shock and despair of such revelations, Preston is killed at \'her\' hands, and she escapes through a skylight with their children. The final scene shows that the gargoyle and children have turned to stone upon a building ledge, staring down at Preston\'s body in remorse.  As Betty makes preparations to cook Timmy, he trips her by throwing some marbles on the floor. Betty slips and falls on her butcher\'s equipment, stabbing herself in the back. Timmy releases himself and pushes her into her own oven. The film ends with Timmy helping himself to a cookie and breaking the fourth wall by asking us: "Don\'t you love happy endings?"'] ['In 2004, a satellite detects a mysterious heat bloom beneath Bouvetøya, an island about one thousand miles north of Antarctica. Wealthy industrialist Charles Bishop Weyland  assembles a team of scientists to investigate the heat source and claim it for his multinational communications company, Weyland Industries. The team includes archaeologists, linguistic experts, drillers, mercenaries, and a guide named Alexa Woods . As a Predator ship reaches Earth\'s orbit, it blasts a shaft through the ice towards the source of the heat bloom. When the humans arrive at the site above the heat source, an abandoned whaling station, they find the shaft and descend beneath the ice. They discover a mysterious pyramid and begin to explore it, finding evidence of a civilization predating written history and what appears to be a sacrificial chamber filled with human skeletons with ruptured rib cages. Meanwhile, three Predators land and kill the humans on the surface, making their way down to the pyramid and arriving just as the team unwittingly powers up the structure. An Alien queen awakes from cryogenic stasis and begins to produce eggs, from which facehuggers hatch and attach to several humans trapped in the sacrificial chamber. Chestbursters emerge from the humans and quickly grow into adult Aliens. Conflicts erupt between the Predators, Aliens, and humans, resulting in several deaths. Unbeknownst to the others, a Predator is implanted with an Alien embryo. Through translation of the pyramid\'s hieroglyphs the explorers learn that the Predators have been visiting Earth for thousands of years. It was they who taught early human civilizations how to build pyramids, and were worshipped as gods. Every 100 years they would visit Earth to take part in a rite of passage in which several humans would sacrifice themselves as hosts for the Aliens, creating the "ultimate prey" for the Predators to hunt. If overwhelmed, the Predators would activate their self-destruct weapons to eliminate the Aliens and themselves. The explorers deduce that this is why the current Predators are at the pyramid, and that the heat bloom was to attract humans for the purpose of making new Aliens to hunt. The remaining humans decide that the Predators must be allowed to succeed in their hunt so that the Aliens do not reach the surface. As the battle continues most of the characters are killed, leaving only Alexa and a single Predator to fight against the Aliens. The two form an alliance and use the Predator’s self-destruct device to destroy the pyramid and the remaining Aliens. Alexa and the Predator reach the surface, where they battle the escaped Alien queen. They defeat the queen by attaching its chain to a water tower and pushing it over a cliff into the water, dragging the queen to the ocean floor. The Predator, however, dies from its wounds. A Predator ship uncloaks and several Predators appear. They collect their fallen comrade and present Alexa with one of their spear weapons in recognition of her skill as a warrior. As they retreat into space, a chestburster erupts from the dead Predator. It appears to be an Alien/Predator hybrid with the characteristic mandibles of both creatures.'] ['An evil genius named Dr. Hu  creates a robotic version of King Kong, named Mechani-Kong, in order to dig for a highly radioactive element called "Element X", found only at the North Pole. The extremely rare compound, once unearthed, will be sold to an Asiatic country  and used to give said country nuclear domination of the world. The Doctor, along with a benefactor from the unidentified nation known only by the alias "Madame Piranha", watch as Mechani-Kong enters an ice cave and begins to dig into the glacier. However, as the robot digs, the unbelievable radiation produced by the glowing substance destroys its systems and shuts it down. Meanwhile, a submarine from the United Nations is damaged and forced to weigh anchor off the coast of Mondo Island, an island where, according to legend, the real King Kong resides. As it so happens, the sub\'s Commander Carl Nelson has spent many years studying the legend of Kong and is all to pleased to venture ashore to explore, along with Lt. Commander Jiro Nomura and Lt. Susan Watson. Once on the Island, the crew see an old man atop a hill shouting at them to leave the area, for it is taboo to enter the territory of Kong. Nelson and Nomura go to confront the old man, leaving Susan alone with their landing craft. However, no sooner have the men left then a gigantic theropod dinosaur  emerges from the forest and makes to attack Susan. Suddenly, from out of a nearby cave, a roar is heard, and a few seconds later, King Kong himself emerges, bellowing and beating his chest. Seeing Susan, he realizes she is in danger and places her in a tree. Then, Kong attacks Gorosaurus with all he has. Unfortunately, the bipedal predator possesses a powerful "kangaroo-kick" that floors Kong several times and prevents him from getting to close to inflict serious damage. As the two titans duke it out, Nelson and Nomura return and, with Susan in tow, escape in their hovercraft. Behind them, Kong finally defeats Gorosaurus by breaking its jaw. He follows the hovercraft to the coast of the island just in time to see a Giant Sea Snake heading for them. Kong dives into the water and grabs the snake, buying time for the crew to return safely to the sub. The giant ape then defeats the huge serpent and swims over to the sub. He begins to shake it and bang on the hull, hoping Susan will appear again. Knowing she is what Kong wants, Susan volunteers to exit the sub to try to calm him down. She succeeds, and after saying goodbye to a crestfallen Kong, she returns to the sub and the crew leaves for New York. Once in America, the submarine crew relates their amazing discoveries on Mondo Island to the United Nations. They also state that the sub will be returning to the island to study Kong and the other kaiju on the island. However, they are unaware that Madame Piranha is at the meeting, and after it ends, she sneaks into the ladies restroom and contacts Dr. Hu. She relates the details of the crew\'s discoveries, and she and Who begin to hatch a plan. A few days later, Dr Hu arrives on Mondo and a fleet of helicopters fly out and attract Kong\'s attention. They drop gas bombs around the great ape, and the ether soon knocks him out cold. The helicopters then lower large shackles down, and a ground crew secures them to Kong\'s wrists and ankles. Suddenly, the old man erupts from the jungle and points at the now secured ape, and as he attempts to get answers from Dr. Hu , the evil scientist shoots him three times and leaves him in the underbrush to die. As he departs, the four helicopters lift King Kong from Mondo Island and lower him into the cargo hold of their huge ship. They then head back to the North Pole. Soon after, the United Nations sub returns and the trio of Commander Nelson, Lt Commander Nomura, and Lt Watson venture onto the island. They discover evidence of something nefarious, and are unable to locate Kong. What they do find, however, is the old man bleeding in the bushes. As the islander lays dying in Susan\'s arms, he tells Carl, who can understand the language, that "An oriental skeleton, a devil with eyes like a gutter-rat, kidnapped Kong and took him away into the skies." He then dies, but he has told Carl all he needs to know: Kong was kidnapped by Dr. Hu, an old "friend" of Carl\'s. In fact, Hu\'s Mechani-Kong was built using blueprints based on Nelson\'s own detailed diagrams of the real Kong. The Doctor had stolen the drawings and used them to create a robot that he believed would secure for him the Element X. However, the robot had failed, and now Who planned to use the real Kong to do his bidding. However, in order to do that, he needed to put the next part of his plan into action. He sends several of his minions to Mondo Island who, posing as the Japanese SDF , collect Carl, Jiro, and Susan, claiming that Kong has swum ashore at Tokyo. The trio are suspicious, but can do nothing as they are flown off to the North Pole. Meanwhile, Dr. Hu decides to try another method of controlling Kong. His reason for kidnapping the three crew members were not only for their familiarity with Kong, but for the ape\'s relationship with Susan Watson in particular. On Mondo, Kong had been so infatuated by Watson, that he began to listen to her and do what she asked. Although Dr. Hu believed that he could use this connection to get Kong to extract the Element X, he is not willing to wait for the prisoners to arrive and puts an alternative idea to the test. In the cage where the still unconscious King Kong lies, workers attach both a receiving speaker and camera to the beast\'s ears. When Kong awakens, his first sight is a flashing light that soon places him in a state of hypnosis. From the speaker, the voice of Dr. Hu commands Kong to enter the cave and dig out the Element X. Kong complies and ventures into the cave and begins to dig. However, the hypnotized Kong soon snaps out of it, and tears both the speaker and camera off of his ears. He then turns around and attempts to return to the base, but Hu orders the gate shut, and Kong is trapped in the cave. Soon after, Carl, Jiro, and Susan arrive and are greeted by Dr. Hu. He explains his plans and requests their assistance. All three refuse, and are put into a holding cell. A few minutes later, Carl is released and brought to the room of Madame Piranha, who explains her view of the whole situation. As she attempts to buy Carl off, Dr. Hu enters and promptly breaks up the meeting. Only a few minutes after Carl is returned to the cell, he is once again summoned, this time by Dr. Hu. In an attempt to gain Carl\'s assistance in controlling Kong, he turns the prison cell\'s temperature down to zero, which puts both Jiro and Susan in a freezing environment. Carl refuses to help, even as his friends slowly begin to freeze to death. A while later, Dr. Hu enters the cell and states that Carl has been canceled. He then shackles Jiro to the wall and attempts to press Susan\'s face against the ice-covered metal walls. Fortunately, outside Kong has almost broken through the caged door and his banging begins to shake the entire lair. Hu and his minions leave the cell, and Jiro and Susan quickly make their getaway. Outside, Kong has crawled out of the underground lair and begins to flee. The great ape then dives into the frigid ocean and quickly swims away. Back inside, Jiro and Susan discover that Carl is still alive, but the three are once again captured and loaded onboard Dr. Hu\'s ship as the evil scientist sets sail in pursuit of Kong. The ship soon arrives in Japan, where King Kong has swum ashore. Dr. Hu plans to unleash his Mechani-Kong against its organic counterpart. However, Madame Piranha is hesitant to be a party to the inevitable collateral damage, and urges the doctor not to let the two kaiju fight in Tokyo. After all, thousands would be killed. Dr. Hu ignores her sudden change in character as well as her pleas, and prepares his robot for combat. Down below, the submarine crew are chained in a cell, unable to help Kong. Suddenly, Madame Piranha enters and frees them, begging them to do their best to save the lives of the people in the city by leading Kong away before his mechanical doppelganger can engage him. The trio flee the ship and arrive safely in Tokyo, where the JSDF are preparing to fire on Kong. As Carl warns the army not to attack, Susan runs to Kong, whom picks her up gently. She calms him down and assures him that he will not be attacked. However, there is a loud crash behind them, and suddenly Mechani-Kong emerges through the remains of a destroyed building. Susan tries to warn Kong not to fight the machine, as it will most assuredly be a losing battle. Kong, however, carefully places Watson on the ground, and then turns to fight his robotic clone head-on. However, Mechani-Kong has been outfitted with the hypnosis device and, as Kong charges, the light, now attached to the top of the robot\'s head, begins to flash. Kong stops dead in his tracks and begins to slow down again. On the ground, Lt. Commander Nomura takes a shotgun and aims at the titular monster, eventually shooting and destroying the blinking light. Kong once again snaps out of it and finally charges to meet his opponent. The two seem evenly matched for a while, but Dr. Hu suddenly turns the tides of the battle and controls his robot to scoop up Susan. The giant mecha then begins to ascend Tokyo Tower with Susan as his unwilling captive. Kong follows, and begins to climb after his foe. On the ship, Madame Piranha pulls a gun on Dr. Hu and threatens to shoot him. However, he triggers the silent alarm, and he and his minions quickly overpower her, leaving her with a bullet wound in her arm. Back in the city, the mouth of Mechani-Kong opens and the voice of Dr. Hu emanates from a speaker within. He warns Kong that if he does not return to the ship, the robot will drop Susan. Kong, however, continues to pursue his metal clone up the tower, and soon enough, the robotic ape lets go of its prisoner, sending Susan falling towards the ground. Kong catches her and sets her safely down on a platform within the tower, and then begins to climb after Mechani-Kong, finally able to fight it again. Below, Jiro climbs up the tower and rescues Susan. As the two monsters get higher and higher, the tower begins to shake more and more. Susan slips and nearly falls off the tower, but is saved by both Jiro and a team of policemen who bring them both safely to the ground. Back in the control room on Dr. Hu\'s ship, Madame Piranha decides to tip the balance in Kong\'s favor, and makes one last attempt to save the lives of the people of not only Japan, but of the world. The wounded traitor rises and quickly rips the wires and control cables from the wall. Dr. Hu turns and shoots her twice in the chest, and she falls dead to the floor. However, her actions, and her sacrifice, are not in vain, for outside, Mechani-Kong begins to short-circuit. Now disabled, the mechanical ape falls from the very top of Tokyo Tower and shatters upon impact with the ground. Having won the battle, King Kong beats his chest in triumph. The next day, Dr, Hu decides to beat a hasty retreat in his ship. However, on the dock, Carl Nelson, Jiro Nomura, and Susan Watson stand with King Kong. Susan commands Kong to "stop that ship!", and the ape obliges and dives into the sea in pursuit of the freighter. Kong soon catches the ship and begins to destroy it from the outside in. He pounds on it and begins to push it under. Inside, Dr, Hu is crushed by falling debris and is soon killed as the ship finally floods and sinks. With his job done, King Kong beats his chest and bellows in victory. He then turns and begins his long swim home to Mondo Island.'] ['Olaf  brings women to the home he shares with his drunken mother . Once the unlucky ladies arrive, they are drugged, imprisoned, tied up and then turned into junkie-prostitutes.'] ['The Monster Squad is a society of young pre-teens who idolize classic monsters and monster movies and hold their meetings in a tree clubhouse. Club leader Sean , whose five-year-old sister Phoebe  desperately wants to join the club, is given the diary of legendary vampire hunter Abraham Van Helsing  - but his excitement is toned down when he finds it\'s written in German. Sean, his best friend Patrick , and the rest of the Monster Squad visit an elderly man, known as the "Scary German Guy" , actually a kind gentleman, to translate the diary. When the Monster Squad wonders how the German man is knowledgeable about Van Helsing\'s battle with monsters, he wryly comments that "he has some experience with monsters" and his shirt sleeve briefly reveals a concentration camp tattoo. The diary describes, in great detail, an amulet that is composed of concentrated good. One day out of every century, as the forces of good and evil reach a balance, the otherwise indestructible amulet becomes vulnerable to destruction, and the next day of balance falls within a couple days, at the stroke of midnight. The kids realize they must gain possession of the amulet before the day of balance arrives; once they have the amulet, the kids can use it — with an incantation from Van Helsing\'s diary — to open a hole in the universe and cast the monsters into Limbo. As shown in the prelude, van Helsing had unsuccessfully attempted this one hundred years ago in order to defeat his old adversary Count Dracula; his apprentices then emigrated to the United States to hide the amulet, where it was out of Dracula\'s immediate reach. Dracula, meanwhile, seeks to obtain the amulet before the Monster Squad does, so that the Count can take control of the world and plunge it into darkness. To this end he assembles several monstrous allies: a mummy, and an amphibious gill-man, and a Wolfman, in addition to three school girls  whom the Count transforms into his vampiric consorts. Dracula steals a crate from an old World War II bomber in flight , thus completing his allies. However, Frankenstein\'s monster is reluctant to aid Dracula, and wanders into the forest where he encounters Phoebe. Rather than being afraid, she shows him the kindness he has also sought, and he gets acquainted with her. After Phoebe shows the Monster Squad that Frankenstein\'s monster is not evil, he chooses to help the boys instead of Dracula. The amulet turns out to be buried in a stone room, under a house that Dracula and the other monsters now occupy and where Van Helsing\'s diary was found. The secret room is littered with wards which prevent the monsters from simply taking it. The Monster Squad finds and removes the amulet, and escape Dracula\'s grasp only with sheer luck and a talent for improvisation . The German man informs them that the incantation must be read by a female virgin. As midnight approaches, the Squad makes their way to a local cathedral to make their last stand — and in the nick of time, as shortly after they leave, Dracula destroys their clubhouse with a stick of dynamite. This also calls up another helper for the Monster Squad: Sean\'s father, Police Detective Del, who has been charged to investigate the strange happenings in town of late  but has been quite skeptical about their supernatural causes, not to mention Sean\'s hobby, in the first place. Del is further puzzled when he is getting warnings from the werewolf that his family is in danger, as the werewolf is actually also a reluctant pawn of Dracula in his human form. Unfortunately, the doors to the cathedral are locked, so the incantation must be read on the stoop, leaving the Squad vulnerable. The Monster Squad has the assistance of Sean\'s father and Patrick\'s older sister , as she\'s the only virgin they know who speaks German. Unfortunately, with time winding down, the incantation fails since Lisa is actually not a virgin anymore. As Dracula\'s Brides and the other monsters close in, it is realized that Phoebe, being five, must still be a virgin, and the German Guy attempts to help her read the incantation as the rest of the Squad fends off the monsters. In the ensuing battle, the vampiresses, the Mummy, the Gill-Man, and the Wolf-Man are killed. Dracula arrives and is about to kill Phoebe when the Frankenstein Creature turns against him, impaling him on a wrought-iron fence. Phoebe finishes the incantation, opening the portal which begins to consume the bodies of the monsters. Dracula, still alive, attempts to drag Sean in with him, but Sean is saved at the last minute by stabbing Dracula with a wooden stake, and Van Helsing, who briefly escaped from Limbo to take Dracula to his doom. Although Phoebe tries tearfully to hold onto him, Frankenstein\'s Creature says he must also enter the portal, but accepts a gift of a stuffed animal to remember Phoebe. The portal then closes, ensuring the world\'s safety.'] ["At the close of the 20th Century, all of the Earth's kaiju have been collected and confined in an area known as Monster Island, by the United Nations Science Committee, in the Ogasawara island chain. A special control center is constructed underneath the island to ensure the monsters stay secure, and serve as a research facility to study them. When communications with Monster Island are suddenly and mysteriously severed, and all of the monsters begin attacking world capitals, Dr. Yoshida of the UNSC orders Captain Yamabe and the crew of his spaceship, Moonlight SY-3, to investigate Ogasawara. There, they discover that the scientists, led by Dr. Otani, have become mind-controlled slaves of a feminine alien race identifying themselves as the Kilaaks, who reveal that they are in control of the monsters. Their leader demands that the human race surrender, or face total annihilation. Godzilla attacks New York City, Rodan invades Moscow, Mothra lays waste to Beijing, Gorosaurus destroys Paris, and Manda attacks London, which is set in to motion to take attention away from Japan, so the aliens can establish an underground stronghold near Mt. Fuji in Japan. The Kilaaks then turn their next major attack on Tokyo, and without serious opposition, become arrogant in their aims, until the UNSC discover the Kilaaks have switched to broadcasting the control signals from their base under the Moon's surface. In a desperate battle, the crew of the SY-3 destroy the Kilaak's lunar outpost and return the alien control system to Earth. With all of the monsters under the control of the UNSC, the Kilaaks unleash their hidden weapon, King Ghidorah. The three-headed space monster is dispatched to protect the alien stronghold at Mt. Fuji, and battles Godzilla, Minilla, Mothra, Rodan, Gorosaurus, Anguirus, Kumonga, Manda, Baragon, and Varan. While seemingly invincible, King Ghidorah is eventually overpowered by the combined strength of the Earth monsters and is killed. Refusing to admit defeat, the Kilaaks produce their trump card, a burning monster they call the Fire Dragon, which begins to torch cities and destroys the control center on Ogasawara. Suddenly, Godzilla attacks and destroys the Kilaak's underground base, revealing the Earth's monsters instinctively know who their enemies are. Captain Yamabe then pursues the Fire Dragon in the SY-3, and narrowly achieves victory for the human race. The Fire Dragon is revealed to be a flaming Kilaak saucer and is destroyed. Godzilla and the other monsters are eventually returned to Monster Island to live in peace."] ["In Mexico at the turn of the 20th century, a beautiful cowgirl named T.J. Breckenridge  hosts a struggling rodeo. Her former fiancé Tuck Kirby , a heroic former stuntman working for Buffalo Bill's Wild West show, wants to buy her out. Along the way, he is followed by a Mexican boy named Lope , who intends to join the rodeo on a quest for fame and fortune. T.J. has an ace she hopes will boost attendance at her show - a tiny horse. Tuck meets a British paleontologist named Horace Bromley , who was working in a nearby Mexican desert. Bromley shows Tuck fossilized horse tracks, which Tuck notices to be similar to T.J.'s horse's feet. So Tuck sneaks Bromley in for a peek. Bromley declares the horse to be an Eohippus. The tiny horse came from a place known as the Forbidden Valley. A Gypsy known as Tia Zorina  claims that it has a curse, and demands that it must be returned. Later, a group of thieves  collaborate with Bromley to steal the horse and release it in the valley. Bromley collaborates in the hopes of following the horse to its home. But Carlos , once a member of the Gypsy tribe now working for T.J.'s circus , walks in on the theft and tries to stop it, but is knocked out. Tuck arrives just as the Gypsy posse leaves. He sees Carlos as he begins reviving, notices the horse is missing, and sets off after it and Bromley. When T.J. and her crew discover Carlos and that the horse is missing, Carlos claims Tuck has stolen it. T.J. then leads a group of cowboys after Tuck and Bromley to retrieve the horse. Making their way into the Forbidden Valley, Tuck, T.J., and the rest of the group meet up and soon discover why the valley is said to be cursed as a Pteranodon swoops down and snatches Lope. After Carlos kills the Pteranodon, they spot an Ornithomimus, a small dinosaur which they chase after in the hopes of capturing it. Just as the ornithomimus is about to escape, it is killed by Gwangi, a vicious Allosaurus which pursues the group, almost finding and eating Bromley. However, a Styracosaurus appears and drives Gwangi away. Later, Gwangi pursues the people to their base camp, where it is able to get the best of them, until they begin to rope it down. Then, the Styracosaurus reappears and battles Gwangi. Gwangi emerges victorious, but decides to attack the men again. Gwangi manages to catch and kill Carlos, but knocks itself out while trying to exit the valley in pursuit of the rest of the group. Securing the creature, they take it back to town where it is to be put on display in T.J.'s show. However, on opening night, one of the Gypsies sneaks in and begins to unlock Gwangi's cage in an effort to free it. Instead the unfortunate man is killed and Gwangi breaks free. Bromley is crushed by a broken piece of the cage, and Gwangi attacks and kills a circus elephant . The crowd stampedes away from the arena; in the chaos, Tia Zorina is trampled and killed. Eventually, Gwangi, Tuck, T.J. and Lope end up in a cathedral which catches on fire. After some close calls, Tuck and T.J. manage to escape and lock the door behind them, trapping Gwangi in the burning building, which crumbles around it. Roaring in agony, Gwangi dies in the fire as Tuck, Lope, T.J., and the townspeople look on. Tuck, having killed Gwangi, becomes a town hero; however, the townspeople are also saddened by the thought of a magnificent creature like Gwangi dying such a horrible death, and by the loss of life caused by Gwangi's rampage."] ['Kelvin Cheatum  is trying to save his father\'s studio from bankruptcy by producing worthy heirs to his father\'s slate of classic low-budget cult films. Cheatum Studio\'s current productions include Hamburger Time Traveler Detective, Space Spankers 2015, and the ninth entry of his father\'s famous killer puppet franchise Tiny Terrors; however, things aren\'t going as planned: the cast and crew members are losing patience with the long hours, lack of pay, terrible scripts, and Kelvin\'s over reliance on good will towards his father. A blogger who goes by the name of "Demon Warrior 13" is organizing effective boycotts of their films. A puppet exploding during a shot has brought matters to a head and an open brawl has broken out on the set. In the ensuing chaos, Tommy Hines , using a wheelchair and battling a terminal illness, arrives from The Rainbow\'s End Foundation with his case worker Heather Crocker . His final wish before he dies is to tour the studio and see the star puppets from the Tiny Terrors franchise. Meanwhile, Polly Bonderhoof  attempts to restore order with a box of baked goods from her sister in Waco, Texas, which includes the Gingerdead Man . He slips out of the pastry box and locates a spell book in the prop room, which includes a transmigration spell to transfer his soul out of his stale form and into a human body. The spell calls for blood from five victims placed in a pentagram, and then the sacrifice of one more victim, who must be a virgin. The Gingerdead Man kills four people in various gruesome ways, but is driven off by Kelvin and Heather as he cuts the hand off of a crew member. Kelvin orders the studio evacuated and sets off with Heather to confront the cookie, which goes badly when it seizes control of a prop robot which has functional disintegrating lasers, which disintegrates one of the crew members. Tommy cuts the robot\'s power cord with an ax and it topples over, momentarily trapping the Gingerdead Man beneath it. Tommy reveals himself to be "Demon Warrior 13," who has faked his illness in order to gain access to the studio and blow it up as revenge for the studio non-responsiveness to the scripts he has submitted. Kelvin offers a three picture deal while Heather sneaks up behind Tommy and attempts to bludgeon him. The assault fails and Kelvin is knocked unconscious. Kelvin wakes, chained next to Heather on an altar on the Tiny Terrors set. Tommy is reading an incantation from the spell book, but the Gingerdead Man fatally stabs Tommy from behind, making him the sixth  victim for the Transmigration. Since the Gingerdead Man isn\'t for sure if the guy with the cut off hand is dead or not, he\'s gonna use Kelvin\'s body as his new host. However, the Gingerdead Man has made an error. He was supposed to have five drops of blood on the five points of the pentagram. The final sixth victim is not supposed to bleed on the pentagram. Tommy, however, bleeds on the pentagram, instead invoking the spell for bringing dolls to life. The dolls from the set of Tiny Terrors animate themselves. The dolls then attack the Gingerdead Man, hold him down while one of them gets a cross, drag him to the cross, and crucify him  before burning him on the cross. One of the actors from the movie, Sir Ian Cavanaugh , bursts in and shoots all of the puppets with an AK-47. Some time later, Kelvin has married Heather and Tiny Terrors has won an award for Best Horror Hand Puppet Motion Picture, while a homeless man ([[Adam Green , digging for food in a dumpster, comes across the burnt cookie. He takes a bite, and is possessed by the Gingerdead Man.'] ['While scanning the skies through their telescope, two young boys, Akio and Tom, spy a spaceship descending into a nearby field. Stunned, bewildered, and bemused, they tell Akio\'s mother what they have seen, but she dismisses their story as childish nonsense. The next day, the two boys—with Akio\'s younger sister, Tomoko, in tow—bicycle to the site to investigate. Enthralled, Akio and Tom manage to steal into the spaceship. But then, without warning, the ship takes off, leaving Tomoko behind. It soars into outer space...toward a field of asteroids, which sends the boys into panic. However, Gamera  appears and clears a path for the ship through the asteroids. The spaceship, flying near the speed of light, leaves Gamera behind and transports the boys to an unknown planet, where it lands on the outskirts of an alien city. Suddenly, a silver "Space" Gyaos appears, menacing the ship and the two young boys. Just before the creature attacks, a second, bizarre monster—whose head resembles a knife—emerges from an underground lair and attacks the Space Gyaos. After a violent battle, the knife-headed monster kills the Gyaos by chopping it into pieces. Akio and Tom explore a portion of the alien city and meet the planet\'s only inhabitants: two beautiful women, named Barbella and Florbella, who explain that their planet, known as "Terra," orbits the sun directly opposite the earth, which is why it has never been discovered by earth\'s astronomers. Furthermore, Terra is facing extinction; not only is the planet growing old—and cold—the Space Gyaos race has targeted it for occupation. The knife-headed monster, which the Terrans call "Guiron," is their last defense against the Space Gyaos. Barbella and Florbella suddenly turn on Tom and Akio and put them into restraints. Using their super-technological devices, the alien women probe the boys\' minds, in the process learning about Gamera—who, they discover , has a terminal soft spot for human children and is hurtling toward Terra on a rescue mission. The Terran women turn out to be cannibals and plan to feed on the boys\' brains. In preparation to extract his brain for their nourishment, the women shave Akio\'s head. Now, however, Gamera lands on Terra in search of the boys. The women deploy Guiron to attack the giant turtle, and after a brief battle, Guiron renders Gamera helpless, sending it into a lake...unconscious and on its back. Tom manages to free Akio, but, in the process, unintentionally releases Guiron. Out from under the aliens\' control, Guiron rampages through the Terran city—even attacking its masters as they attempt to flee to Earth. The knife-headed creature slices the spacecraft in half, mortally injuring Barbella...who then dies at the hands of her own companion. Guiron attacks the base where the boys are imprisoned, but Gamera awakes and renews its assault on the alien creature. Gamera finally rams Guiron\'s head into the ground, and, using a missile launcher they have retrieved, the boys fire a missile at Guiron, slicing it in half and killing Florbella. Gamera uses its flame energy to weld the alien spacecraft back together, so that Akio and Tom can use it to return to earth.'] ['When a test group says the company\'s latest video game, Evilution, is too boring, the game\'s development team is fired. Businessman Peter Drummond hires three new programmers: A weapons expert named Hardcore, a game artificial intelligence designer named Sol, and a sound effects creator named Bug. Faye Clayton promises $1 million to the programmer who makes the game the "scariest", igniting a fierce rivalry between the trio. During a storm three weeks later, lightning strikes the building and causes all of the computers and electronic equipment to go offline. After a meeting with Drummond, the three programmers decide to try out the game with the help of Clayton Software intern Laura Wheeler. The game involves a motion capture suit that is connected to the computer network and used to program the game\'s movements. Peter places a backup CD into the external drive while the others set up. Bug, Hardcore, and Sol soon lose the game, and are surprised to see Laura get all the way to the final boss. Sol inserts his new AI chip into the mainframe and begins to play the game. As he advances to the game\'s third level, the motion capture suit connected to the computer network comes alive. Simultaneously, the suit attacks Sol in real life while an in-game monster drags Sol\'s video game character away. The following morning, Bug and Hardcore discover that Sol has been killed and the backup CD has been stolen. Hardcore attempts to review the security camera tapes with his PDA, but accidentally touches the motion capture suit, which has merged itself with Sol\'s dead body. The suit attacks Hardcore; although he initially manages to fight it off, he is later killed. The suit then merges itself with Hardcore\'s muscular body and takes all of his weapons, giving it a striking resemblance to the monster in the game. Bug theorizes that the lighting strike combined with Sol\'s powerful AI chip has caused the suit to believe the real world is part of the video game. Bug, Laura and Drummond decide to pull the computer\'s plug, although doing so will likely erase all of the game\'s data. While Bug tries to figure out which set of wires to pull, Drummond is attacked by the monster in Hardcore\'s body. With Bug\'s help, Drummond manages to escape, but the security system malfunctions, seals all exits, and leaves Laura, Bug, and Drummond in near darkness. Bug travels through ceiling shafts and falls into the kitchen area, where he is attacked by the monster. As the monster draws closer, Bug exposes a gas line and lights his lighter, killing both himself and the monster. The monster returns to the motion-capture suit and attacks Drummond, but Laura saves him by virtually fighting the in-game monster. Laura later tries to beat the game but becomes frustrated and hysterical. Drummond suggests that she try a virtual reality headset, promising to stay with her while she fights. However, in the midst of the game, Laura realizes Drummond has left her. The monster appears and, in the real world, Laura escapes to the kitchen. There she finds a PDA displaying a video of Drummond stealing the game\'s backup CD the night of Sol\'s death; had Drummond not stolen it, the CD would have allowed the programmers to reverse compile the game and shut down the monster. Laura finds and confronts Drummond at gun point, forcing him to drop the CD. Drummond makes a speech stating that everyone is ultimately a monster. Laura shoots him in the knee and allows the monster to kill him. Laura then dons the VR headset and gloves, acquires a sword, and simultaneously battles the monster in both the real and virtual world. In the real world, she lures the suit toward a fish tank and electrocutes it with the water inside. She then stabs the monster with her sword, finally killing the monster. With everyone else who made the game dead, Laura turns in the final version of the game and demands the million dollar bonus for herself. The whole event has changed her, making her more jaded and world weary. The video game finally impresses the game testers. Laura uses the game\'s success to become the new ruthless and evil CEO of the company, which is renamed Wheeler Software.'] [" In 3067 BC, the Scorpion King leads his army on a campaign to conquer the world. Seven years later, the Scorpion King and his army are defeated and exiled to the desert of Ahm Shere. His men die of heat exhaustion, leaving only the Scorpion King. Vowing to give Anubis his soul for the power to defeat his enemies, an oasis is created to hide the Scorpion King's pyramid and giving him a legion of demonic, humanoid jackal warriors to seek revenge. The Army of Anubis sweeps across Egypt, destroying everything in its path, but once their task is finished Anubis claims the Scorpion King's soul and his army. In 1933, Rick and Evelyn O'Connell explore a ruined mortuary structure in the ancient Egyptian city of Thebes with their son, Alex. They find the Bracelet of Anubis. In London, Alex puts on the bracelet, which provides him with directions to the oasis of Ahm Shere. Alex has seven days to reach the oasis, or the bracelet will kill him the moment the rays of the sun shine on the Scorpion King's pyramid; at that point the Scorpion King and his army will also reawaken. Alex is captured by an Egyptian cult who have resurrected Imhotep; they wish to use Imhotep's power to defeat the Scorpion King, which would give him command of the Army of Anubis. The cult, led by Baltus Hafez, the curator of the British Museum, includes a warrior named Lock-Nah and Meela Nais, the reincarnation of Imhotep's love Anck-su-namun. The O'Connells set out to rescue Alex, accompanied by Evelyn's brother Jonathan and the Medjai Ardeth Bay. Rick's associate from his past adventures, Izzy, a pilot, provides the group transportation. The bracelet of Anubis gives Alex visions, directions to Ahm Shere that the cult follows. At each location, Alex leaves clues for his parents, who follow in Izzy's dirigible. Imhotep uses the Book of the Dead to give Meela Nais the soul of Anck-su-namun but by doing so he also allows Evelyn to unlock the memories of her previous life as Princess Nefertiri, keeper of the bracelet of Anubis and the daughter of Pharaoh Seti I. Lock-Nah discovers that Alex has been leaving clues, so Imhotep makes a wall of water that attacks the dirigible. The O'Connells crash in Ahm Shere. Izzy stays with the dirigible in hopes of repairing it. The O'Connells attack the cult, and both groups are attacked by pygmy mummies. Rick retrieves Alex while Ardeth Bay kills Lock-Nah. They escape from the pygmies, which kill most of the cult except for Baltus. Imhotep and Anck-su-namun are unharmed due to Imhotep's powers and Anck-su-namun being the keeper of the Book of the Dead. Rick and Alex run to the pyramid, barely making it before sunrise. The bracelet detaches from Alex's arm. Ardeth regroups with the Medjai in case the army of Anubis rises. Anck-su-namun stabs Evelyn and kills her. Rick, grieving, pursues Imhotep. Baltus puts on the bracelet and revives the army of Anubis. As Imhotep walks into the pyramid, Anubis takes his powers, wanting Imhotep to fight as a mortal. Rick finds Imhotep summoning the Scorpion King and they fight. The Medjai engage the army of Anubis. The Scorpion King interrupts Rick and Imhotep's fight. Imhotep tells the Scorpion King that he is the Scorpion King's slave, but Rick was sent to kill him. During Rick and the Scorpion King's fight, the Scorpion King kills Baltus. Jonathan and Alex collaborate to steal the Book of the Dead from Anck-su-namun. Alex uses the book to resurrect Evelyn, who duels with Anck-su-namun. Alex and Jonathan go to help Rick. It is revealed that the scepter that Jonathan has been carrying extends into a spear that can kill the Scorpion King. The Medjai seemingly defeat Anubis' army despite heavy casualties, but see that they have only defeated the vanguard, and the full army is charging towards them. However, before the Anubis warriors hit the Medjai lines, Rick succeeds in killing the Scorpion King, sending him and his army back to the Underworld. The Scorpion King's death causes Anubis to turn the oasis back into a desert, and the oasis is being sucked into the pyramid. Rick and Imhotep are hanging from the edge of a pit that leads into the underworld. Evelyn risks her life to save Rick, but Anck-su-namun refuses to save Imhotep, who is heart-broken about this, and he lets go into the underworld to his death. Anck-su-namun, running away from the pyramid, falls into a scarab-filled pit, where she is bitten and suffocated to death. The O'Connells reach the top of the pyramid, which is being sucked into the desert. Izzy arrives with a modified dirigible and saves the O'Connells. Jonathan grabs the diamond at the top of the pyramid. Ardeth Bay salutes them as they fly over him."] ["Somewhere in Mexico during the summer, an ancient Aztec pyramid, dedicated to the rain god Tlaloc, is discovered. It contains numerous artifacts as well as a remarkably well-preserved mummy. All of these items are transported to a university in the United States for study and display; the university is nearly deserted except for six archeology students and their professor. While they are preparing the artifacts for display, one of the students steals an amulet from the mummy's wrist; he gives it to one of the other students, a girl whom he has a crush on. Unfortunately, it turns out that another of the six students is actually a descendant of Aztec priests, and that he needs the amulet as part of a ceremony to Tlaloc. This student resurrects the mummy and sends it to recover the amulet so that he can complete the ritual. The murderous mummy begins killing anyone in its way. The other students learn about the mummy and also discover that the planned ritual to Tlaloc could be extremely destructive. They attempt to survive the mummy's attacks and to prevent the ceremony, but one by one are killed. Eventually, the priest-student chooses one of the remaining female students to be a human sacrifice to Tlaloc; the last surviving student must rush to save her and stop the ritual and prevent the apocalypse."] ["An expedition led by British archeologist Professor Fuchs  attempts to locate the cursed tomb of an evil Egyptian princess. Her body is found to be perfectly, unnaturally preserved after two millennia. Fuchs becomes obsessed by Princess Tera's beauty and takes the body and sarcophagus back to London, building a secret shrine in his basement. Not long after, his daughter Margeret , who bears an uncanny resemblance to the princess, starts to experience strange dreams. A sinister man, who only she seems to notice, watches her from the derelict house across the road. Margaret begins to wonder if she's going mad, and starts experiencing wild personality changes. Soon the evil will of Tera, reaching up through the house, begins to periodically take over Margaret's mind and body. The strange man is revealed as Corbeck , one of the expedition members, who is working to restore Tera to life and a new reign of terror, and with his help Margaret kills the other desecrators of Tera's tomb one by one. Corbeck, Margeret and her increasingly unhinged father start the ritual to awaken the princess. Professor Fuchs finally sees sense and convinces her to stop the ritual; together they overpower and kill Corbeck. Tera awakes, and in the attempt to stop Tera, the Professor is killed. After a long struggle, Margaret stabs Tera in the heart and she dies. In the end, Magaret wakes up from unconsciousness and finds herself in the hospital. Her whole body is wrapped in bandages and she is trying to say something."] ['When research scientist Dr. Gilbert McKenna falls unconscious after accidentally being exposed to radiation during an experiment with a new radioactive isotope, he is rushed to a nearby hospital. Attending physician Dr. Stern is surprised to find that Gil shows no signs of burns typical to a five-minute exposure to radiation and informs Gil\'s co-workers, lab assistant Ann Lansing and scientist Dr. Buckell, that he will keep the patient for several days of observation. Later, Gil is taken to the solarium to receive the sun\'s healing rays, but while he naps, the sun\'s rays metamorphose Gil into a scaled creature, horrifying the other patients. Seeing his own skin, Gil flees to the bathroom to confront his new appearance. Later, Stern explains Gil\'s affliction to Lansing and Buckell: Humans have evolved from a chain of living beings beginning with one-celled organisms that progressed into fish, amphibians, reptiles, mammals and finally humans. Stern assumes that the radiation poisoning has caused a reversal of evolution changing Gil into a prehistoric amphibian and that the catalyst for the regression is sunlight. Stern suggests that Gil can control his symptoms by staying in the dark and remaining in the hospital, but admits that the patient cannot be held against his will. Although Gil has resumed his normal appearance, he has become mentally unstable. Notifying Lansing of his resignation, Gil drives his convertible to his large manor in an isolated coastal region where he drinks himself into a stupor. After hours of aimlessly walking the grounds, Gil drives to a bar where he finds sultry piano player Trudy Osborne singing. Removing his sunglasses in the darkened bar, Gil meets Trudy\'s eyes in a romantic glance, but he soon leaves and recklessly drives back to his house. Back at the research facility, Buckell receives word that noted radiation-poisoning specialist Dr. Hoffman has agreed to help Gil and plans on arriving in the area within a few days. Because Gil has disconnected his phone, Lansing offers to drive to the manor to deliver Hoffman\'s letter. After studies about radiation poisoning offer no leads on solving Gil\'s own particular symptoms, he walks to the ocean bluffs to commit suicide, but the laughter from children playing nearby softens his resolve. Instead, Gil returns to the bar where Trudy joins him for a drink and comments that the evening is not over because it is "never late until the sun comes up." Although Gil is disturbed by the comment, his loneliness draws him closer to Trudy. When bar patron George insinuates that he has purchased Trudy\'s company for the evening and she rebuffs him, Gil defends her decision, causing a fistfight between the men. A fter knocking George to the ground, Gil flees with Trudy into the night in his convertible. Later that evening, after they kiss while walking the shoreline, they make love, falling asleep in the sand until the morning light awakens Gil. Realizing the sun\'s rays will cause him to become the amphibious monster, Gil speeds away in his car leaving Trudy stranded on the beach. Arriving at the house, Gil runs in but not before the transformation occurs. Meanwhile, Lansing arrives and seeing the cellar door ajar, bravely opens it to find Gil cowering in a corner, physically recovered from the transformation but in a state of shock. Gil is at first uninterested in seeing Hoffman because he believes he is "beyond help," but Lansing\'s sobbing pleas convince him to see the doctor. During his examination, Hoffman orders Gil to remain in the house at all times for precaution until he can return with help. Alone in the house, Gil\'s restless sleep leads him to return to the bar, where George and his thugs, prompted by Trudy\'s story about Gil\'s abandoning her, beat Gil almost unconscious. Fearing Gil will die if left unattended, Trudy takes him to her apartment where he sleeps until morning. After Gil asks to remain there until the evening, explaining he has a reaction to the sun, George arrives and, seeing Gil, forces him at gunpoint out into the daylight, causing the transformation to occur. Infuriated by George\'s threats, the creature strangles him to death, then runs into the hills, frightening children and brutally killing a dog in his path. Returning to the house, the creature finds Hoffman, Lansing and Buckell waiting there and returns to his normal human state. When Gil admits to the murder, others assure him that he acted in self-defense, but when the police arrive with an arrest warrant, a hysterical Gil races from the grounds in his car and accidentally hits a police officer. Later, Gil hides inside an oil field shack in a residential district, while police comb the area and set up roadblocks. Despite radio and newspapers reports that a killer is on the loose, young Suzy evades her mother\'s orders to remain inside the house and runs to her hideout, the oil field shack. Finding Gil there, Suzy offers to fetch him cookies and promises not to tell her mother about the strange man. However, when Suzy\'s mother sees her hoarding cookies, she questions Suzy until she admits that she has a new friend, a sick, hungry man. While the terrified mother calls the police, Suzy slips out the door to return to Gil. Her mother chases after her into the oil field where police cars are just arriving. Realizing Suzy is endangered by being with him, Gil carries the girl out of the shack into the sunlight where he lets her go and soon changes into the creature. In the ensuing police chase, the creature attacks another officer and then climbs the stairs to the top of a tall oil rig where another officer tries to apprehend him. As the creature begins to strangle him, the officer shoots him in his chest and Gil falls several stories to his death while Buckell, Hoffman and a sobbing Lansing watch in dismay.'] ['Horror writer Edmund Blackstone  sees his recurring nightmare come to chilling life one weekend as one by one, his friends and family are killed by three villains, led by Martine Beswick as the Queen of Evil, and Hervé Villechaize as Spider.'] ["A fertility experiment gone awry has created at least several disfigured children with extremely high IQs. A woman who had the treatment is making it her mission to kill the mutants one by one before they destroy humankind. One mutant child's mother is trying to save her own deformed child from the pursuer, but the baby leaves a path of destruction in its wake.Unborn II"] ["The film details the Kelly family living in the fictional town of Oakmoor Crossing, just before and during Halloween. The family, consisting of father David, mother Linda, and son Sean, live a normal suburban life, but are eventually visited by a stranger who identifies herself as Vivian Machen. Both the Machens and the Kellys have a long ancestral history in Oakmoor Crossing, and Vivian reveals that one of the Kelly's ancestors hanged a supposed warlock named Walter Machen, who raised up a pumpkin-headed demon, Jack-O, from hell to take revenge on the Kellys. The Kelly ancestor ended up burying the demon in a shallow grave, but through the antics of several teenagers Jack-O is raised again and seeks revenge on the Kellys."] ['Anna Quarrels , the new librarian in the Rare Books Room, was doing her job when the edgy Mr. Jamison from the University of Chicago came in wanting to see Mary Shelley\'s original manuscript for "Frankenstein, or The Modern Prometheus". Anna did everything right  before she laid the precious manuscript in his hands. When he had finished, she prepared to tuck it back into the stacks. Imagine her surprise when she discovered that he had switched blank paper for the manuscript and walked out of the library with it. Checking his I.D., she learns that it was false, so she hires a quirky Private Detective, David Raleigh , who works out of his video store, to track him down. By dusting the sign-in sheet, David is able to lift a set of the man\'s fingerprints and, after running them through the National Fingerprint Clearinghouse, he finds out that the man\'s name is really Dr. Winston Berber. Now it is only a matter of finding Winston Berber and getting back Shelley\'s manuscript. Meanwhile, Berber  is gloating over his collection of rare manuscripts. Along with Shelley\'s manuscript, he\'s now obtained the originals of Guy Endore\'s "The Werewolf of Paris"  and James Putnam\'s "Mummy" . He needs only to get the first edition of Bram Stoker\'s "Dracula" , and his collection will be complete. Berber needs the manuscripts because, even with four doctorate degrees in Physics, Mathematics, Folklore, and Philosophy, he is a nebbish. Consequently, he has created an "Archetype Inducer" and plans to bring to life the four greatest monsters from horror history -- the Mummy, the Wolfman, Dracula, and Frankenstein\'s monster -- in order to do his bidding. Two weeks have passed, and David has been so busy at the video store that he has not yet located Berber. Not to worry. Berber shows up at the library looking for the first edition of "Dracula" and Anna recognizes him. Holding Berber at bay with a pair of scissors, she phones David and tells him to hurry over to the library. Before David can get there, however, Berber zaps Anna with a taser, steals "Dracula", and takes both the book and Anna to his laboratory. When Anna comes to, she finds herself cuffed to a table. Berber informs her that she is just what he needs -- a virgin between the ages of 20 and 35 -- to sacrifice naked in order to make the Archetype Inducer work. Suddenly, David breaks into the lab, having gotten Berber\'s address off his computer at the video store. He knocks Berber out and releases Anna. Anna grabs all the manuscripts, and they hightail it out of the lab. Unfortunately, they weren\'t quick enough. Berber had already turned on the Archetype Inducer. While David and Anna are making their getaway, four figures step out of the machine -- the Mummy , the Frankenstein monster , the Wolfman , and Dracula  -- only they are midgets. Dracula is not happy that he has been brought to life as a three foot midget, but Berber assures him that he can change that if he can get his hands on Anna, who is now part of the equation. So the monsters offer to get her for him. Meanwhile, Anna isn\'t too happy either about the bill that David sent her for his services...$6,200. Anna\'s supervisor, Miss Christina , isn\'t happy either because Anna keeps dodging her advances. When Anna once again dodges her advances, Christina stays late at the library in order to make love to the first edition of "Jane Eyre" in the Rare Book Reading Room. When she hears noise out on the floor, she goes to investigate and falls prey to Dracula\'s net. Now it\'s Berber who isn\'t happy, because Christina is not Anna, and he must have Anna for the procedure to work. However, Dracula forces him to try it anyway. Berber switches on the machine, Christina disappears then reappears as a Viking then disappears again. True to Berber\'s word, the procedure didn\'t work, so the monsters set out again to find Anna. First stop is David\'s house, where Dracula attempts to wrest Anna\'s address out of him, but David refuses to comply. When Dracula tries to bite his neck, David flashes the crucifix on his necklace, says, "Thank God I\'m a Catholic," and races out the door. The monsters and Berber follow him, assuming that he will lead them to Anna. David leads them to the library. The monsters attempt to capture Anna, but David grabs Berber and threatens to break his neck if they don\'t leave Anna alone. David pulls out Berber\'s taser and threatens Dracula, who simply zaps it, causing it to explode. Anna and David are taken back to the lab where Berber again prepares for the procedure. When Dracula asks for assurance that it will work this time, Berber won\'t guarantee it because Anna is not a virgin. Dracula suggests that they find another woman, a virgin this time, to go through the procedure along with Anna, but Berber says that will unbalance things. The only way to keep everything balanced is to find an opposite to Anna -- a male virgin. After asking David about his virginity, Dracula is assured that he is indeed a virgin, and the preparations continue while David tries to come up with a catch. At the last minute, Anna has an idea. She points out to the monsters that, if they stay in the real world, they will eventually die like all humans do. However, if they return to the pages of the novels from whence they came, they will live on forever as the legends they are. Just as Berber pushes the red button to start the machine working, David and Anna escape from their cuffs. Instead of them being sucked into the machine, Christina the Viking reappears, grabs Berber, and they both disappear again. Anna and David conclude that the machine turned them into archetypes of a Viking and a mad scientist. Having had a little time to ponder, Dracula tells David to press the red button again. They have chosen to return to their own lands as the legends they are rather than to die in the real world, he explains. Before the monsters are sucked back into the pages of their respective novels, Dracula tells Anna that she is wise "for someone who has not yet lived a single lifetime. But do not fear," he adds, "we will always be with you...in your nightmares." Epilogue: Anna shows up at David\'s video store, gives him a check for his services, and informs him that Berber\'s lab has been torn down. She also gives him a book, the first English language edition of Venus in Furs. David thanks her and admits that he saw the movie. "1970, directed by Jess Franco , starring Klaus Kinski. Actually, there was an earlier version directed by Larry Buchanan, the guy who did Zontar: The Thing from Venus . Actually, I think there\'s a \'94 version but it\'s all in Dutch...," he drones on. Anna interrupts him with a kiss.'] ['{{Plot}} It is approximately 1912. Junior reporter Edward Malone  bungles into the office of Gazette editor McArdle looking for an adventurous assignment  and is sent to interview Professor Challenger , whose housekeeper warns Malone about her employer. Malone poses as an Italian scientist, but Challenger sees through it, reveals him to be a Canadian journalist, and wrestles him down a flight of stairs where a policeman awaits. When Malone decides not to press charges, he wins Challenger\'s respect, and the professor shows him back into his study. Challenger then shows Malone the sketchbook of explorer Maple White, showing pictures of a cliff —"That, my young friend, is the Lost World"—in Central Africa, and of a creature that looks like a pterodactyl but which Challenger calls a "beast." Challenger recounts his visit to the dying Maple White, including his own near-fatal stabbing by the treacherous Pedro which kept him from any more than a glimpse of the "lost world," and invokes mocked prophets—"Galileo, Darwin, Challenger!"—since the British scientific community does not believe his claims. He decides to dare them all at a meeting later that day. Challenger interrupts a ceremony honoring Professor Summerlee ([[David Warner  to gather a group to journey to prove his claims. Malone volunteers, Summerlee agrees to go as long as Challenger does not, and a newsboy Jim  and woman Jenny Nielson  volunteer but are laughingly dismissed. Jenny turns out to be a wildlife photographer and daughter of rich American contributors to the sciences, and ends up going when she funds the entire expedition. Her animal rights sensibilities are sneered at by Malone as "zebras" rights. Jim stows away, while Challenger suddenly appears at a native village after Summerlee discovers that the "map" he was originally given is blank. After they are joined by a female guide, Malu , the six row for weeks, then land and hear native drums. When they reach a sheer cliff face, most are awed, but Summerlee, still skeptical, rejoins, "We\'ve all seen igneous extrusions before." Challenger\'s old native friend Pujo appears, but another of the party, Gomez, turns out to have been the brother of the thief Pedro who tried stabbing Challenger and was in turn killed. For vengeance, Gomez yanks down the rope used to haul the six onto the cliff plateau so that there is no way back down. On the trek the expedition sees a white peacock and then apatosaurs. Summerlee falls through the ground into a cavern serving as a pterodactyl rookery. He is attacked but is hauled out of the hole. Jenny grows jealous of Malone\'s interest in Malu. Jim climbs to a high spot to get the lay of the land and sees a lake and a native with skeleton paintwork. At night he tries to sneak off to the lake, but Malone catches him. Malu also is out walking and the three walk to the sulfurous lake. A "man eating dinosaur" approaches, but Malu hands around a kind of fruit, which they all wipe on their faces. The dinosaur smells them but loses interest. In the morning the three find that the camp has been attacked and the others are gone. They follow tracks to a gathering of skeleton-painted tribesmen, where they discover the natives have a ritual whereby humans—normally other tribesmen, but this time including the captured explorers—are sacrificed off a cliff to the carnivorous dinosaurs. Jim fashions a "balloon from the gods" with Malone\'s coat which diverts the tribe long enough for a rescue of the explorers and other captured natives, and they retreat to the safety of a nearby tribe. The natives tell the story of the splintering of the tribe long ago when the medicine men convinced some to worship the carnivorous dinosaurs, the "meat-eaters, evil ones." Summerlee\'s extinction theories regarding microbiology help save a baby pterodactyl when he realizes that the plant-leaf garlands involved in the ritual sacrifice contain the antidote to a prehistoric plague. Irrigation and horticultural benefits to the tribe from the explorers follow. After the skeleton tribe\'s leader is hit with a rock and killed, the tribes reunite. The chief offers the explorers a reward for their service, and they ask for a "way back to our own world." A hidden cave is revealed by the chief, but only after he asks for a promise from all six that they will come back if they are ever needed. They vow to. At the river, the party finds that their native guides have left, with only Pujo remaining. Then Gomez appears, and shoots at Challenger. Malone saves the professor in the ensuing melee, and Gomez is shot and wounded. Instead of killing Gomez, Challenger decides to leave him behind, saying, "Let the jungle have him." Malu stays in Africa, and Jim leaves with an unusually large backpack. Back in London, the Royal Zoological Society declares at a meeting, where they decide that, despite Challenger and Summerlee\'s reconciliation, their tale has insufficient evidence. Fortunately, Jim brought back the baby pterodactyl, and applause and congratulations follow. At a celebration toast, Jenny is complemented for her "transformation" from an African explorer to a British lady, wearing a dress and an emerald Malu gave her. They drink to "science and adventure." Malone, Jenny and Jim visit the zoo where the pterodactyl, which they have named Percival , is being kept. He seems unhappy, so they release him and he flies off, presumably back to "the Lost World."'] ['Sam Tiler  has been struggling to recover from the encounter with the Mutated Snowman known as Jack Frost , ever since he rampaged through his hometown last Christmas. To get away from the stress, Sam\'s wife, Anne  suggests a tropical vacation in a cabana far away in the Pacific for the wedding of his deputy, Joe Foster  and his secretary Marla . Sam reluctantly agrees, after reinforcement from his doctor . Meanwhile, the FBI has dug up the anti-freeze used to dissolve Jack in the first movie, attempting to test it for remains of the genetic material. One of the janitors  accidentally spills a cup of coffee into the tank of antifreeze, waking Jack up and causing him to reform and break free. He heads for the tropics, due to the idea that since Sam was wounded by Jack  in the first movie, and his blood dripped into the anti-freeze used to dissolve him, Jack is linked to Sam\'s psyche. Sam, Anne, Marla and Joe, arrive at the tropics to a greeting by the eccentric Colonel Hickering  and his assistants Captain Fun  and Bobby . The festivities quickly begin, but things get deadly when Jack washes ashore and kills three ladies by: transforming himself into an ice anvil and crushing Ashlea , impaling his icicles into Paisley , and stabbing a pair of tongs into Rose \'s eyes. The next morning, the Colonel discovers the bodies and tries to cover up the whole mess, as he does not want this to ruin his resort. However, the island\'s manager, Agent Manners , suspects that Jack has returned. Jack continues his rampage, killing a beach model named Sarah  by making her head explode  and stabbing her cameraman  to death with his carrot nose. Sam begins to suspect that something is amiss when he runs into Manners, who agrees to an alliance in order to stop Jack Frost. Sam, the Colonel, and Manners stage a trap to capture Jack. This fails as the snowman they capture was really the Colonel in costume. Jack, after slaying another beach model named Cindy  by drowning her in the pool by freezing it, decides that the tropics are a bit too warm and freezes the place, causing it to snow and freeze the lifeguard . The party guests begin to play around in snowball fights when Jack enters the fray, killing at least another dozen. Sam, Anne, Marla, Manners and Joe lock themselves up in their room, using anti freeze to keep Jack at bay. Sam and Manners decide to find help, and end up finding a room where the Colonel, Captain Fun, and Bobby have barricaded themselves in. Sam asks the three of them where they can find anti-freeze, to which Bobby suggests they use the coolant in the freezer . Luring Jack into a trap, Sam once again tricks Jack into a pool of anti-freeze. Unfortunately, this does not work, as Jack has become much more resilient to the anti-freeze due to his time in the lab. Jack spits out a snowball and flees, followed by Manners, into the woods. Sam, Anne, and the others observe a snowball. The snowball "hatches" and becomes a baby snowman, who kills Captain Fun. They trap the snowman in a blender and try many different ways of killing it, all of which fail. Meanwhile, Manners has followed Jack to a shed, where he sees that Jack has spit up many, many snowball children. He calls the others and tells them what he has seen, but before leaving he is attacked and devoured by the tiny snowmen. Sam, in panic since the antifreeze does not work, is pushed to the side as Anne takes charge in order get Joe and Colonel to go around the island to trap as many of the snowmen as they can until the supply boat  comes, while Bobby, Marla and Sam wait back in the kitchen. During the search, the snowmen kill seven more tourists. Eventually, Anne realizes that they can be killed by bananas, due to Sam being allergic to bananas. As a result, Jack would share the same vulnerabilities, since he absorbed some of Sam\'s genetics in Snowmonton. This angers Jack, who stabs Colonel through the head with an icicle from behind and slits Bobby\'s throat with another icicle. Marla and Joe flee and lock themselves in the freezer with Captain Fun\'s body, while Anne is attacked by Jack. Sam snaps out of his paranoia and shoots Jack with a banana attached to an arrow, causing him to explode. Anne and Sam embrace each other, and walk towards the ocean, prepared to leave the island with any of the other surviving guests. During the credits the two sailors on the supply boat are crushed by a giant carrot, implying Jack is still alive and that there will be a sequel. After the credits roll, we\'re shown that Joe and Marla were accidentally left in the freezer by Sam and Anne, and it\'s implied that the couple froze to death in the freezer.'] ["{{plot}} Paul Marsh is a stock market tycoon vacationing off the shores of Spain with his girlfriend, Barbara, and their friends Vicki and Howard. A storm blows the friends' boat against some hidden rocks. Vicki is trapped below deck, and Howard stays with her while Paul and Barbara take a lifeboat to the little fishing village of Imbocca. At shore, Barbara and Paul find no one about, and venture into town until they eventually reach the church, where they find a priest. Barbara convinces him to help them, and the priest comes to speak with two fishermen at the docks, who volunteer to take either Paul or Barbara to the wreck. Despite Paul's misgivings, Barbara stays to try to find a phone in order to call a doctor while Paul goes to help their friends. Vicki and Howard are mysteriously missing, however, and Paul is brought back to Imboca, where he is sent to a hotel that Barbara was supposed to have ended up in. But she is missing as well, and Paul is left to wait for her in an old, filthy room. After inspecting the room, Barbara walks in, and Paul tries to talk with her. But she turns to face him, only to open her mouth and scream at him while tentacles protrude from her mouth. Paul jerks awake, indicating that it was a dream. His fitful rest is then disturbed by a large gathering of strange, inhuman people approaching the hotel, and Paul fearfully tries to barricade himself in the room, but is forced to flee from the masses. He ends up in a macabre tannery full of human skins, where he discovers Howard's skinned face. He ends up fighting off several of the villagers by starting a fire and uses the flames and confusion as a diversion. Paul runs and finds momentary safety with an old drunkard named Ezequiel, the last human in Imboca. Ezequiel explains how the worship of Dagon brought incredible wealth in the form of fish and gold to Imboca, but also terror when Dagon demanded live sacrifices and human women to breed with. Paul realizes his friends are in danger, and begs Ezequiel to help him save Barbara and Vicki. Ezequiel relents and takes Paul to the Mayor's manor, distracting some Imbocans long enough for Paul to slip inside. There, Paul finds a beautiful woman named Uxia Cambarro, who looks just like the mermaid from Paul's dream. She saves him from discovery, but when Paul finds she isn't human either, he flees again in horror, despite Uxia's pleas to stay. Paul narrowly escapes a horde of more villagers by stealing an old car, but ends up crashing, and is caught and thrown into a barn, where he is reunited with Vicki, Ezequiel, and Barbara. The three plan to escape, but the attempt comes to naught when they are discovered. Having been raped and impregnated, Vicki kills herself, and Paul and Ezequiel manage to kill one guard and subdue another before being recaptured by the guards' backup. Barbara is taken away, and Paul and Ezequiel end up in a butchery, where they are chained and given a chance to join the worship of Dagon. When they both refuse, Ezequiel is killed before Paul's eyes while they both recite Psalm 23. Paul is saved by the appearance of Uxia, who informs Paul that he has no choice but to join them. When he seems to concede, Uxia tells the priest to make arrangements for their marriage. After Uxia leaves, Paul escapes, killing the guards and the priest, and starts desperately looking for Barbara, collecting a can of kerosene on the way. His search brings him to the empty church, and inside is a hidden passage that takes him below ground, where a congregation of Imbocans are watching Uxia, now garbed as a priestess, torture Barbara before the human woman is chained and lowered into a deep, water-filled pit. While the Imbocan congregation and Uxia call to Dagon, Paul attacks, dousing several villagers in kerosene and lighting them on fire before pulling Barbara out of the pit. However, it is too late to save her. The monstrous Dagon himself grabs Barbara and drags her back down the pit severing her arms, much to Paul's horror. The uninjured Imbocans surround Paul, but are stayed by one man who is revealed to be Paul's father- and Uxia's as well. She explains that Paul's human mother escaped from Imboca years ago, but now that Paul has returned, he will be her lover, and they will go to dwell with Dagon forever, thanks to the Imbocans' immortality. Trapped, Paul pours the last of the kerosene over his body and lights himself on fire in despair. Uxia grabs him and sends them both into the water, where Paul develops gills. With no choice left, he follows Uxia down into the pit he has seen in his dreams."] ['In a change from previous Ultraman movies, this takes place in our own universe, in which Ultraman is just a popular kids\' TV show. A young boy named Tsutomu, is failing in school from his addiction to Ultraman. One day, while watching an Ultraman Gaia episode, he gets teleported into hyperspace where he sees a girl and behind her a scene of mass destruction. He later sees that same girl, named Lisa, in his class. Later on, he finds a mysterious glowing ball  that tells him it can make any wish come true. The one thing Tsutomu wants more than anything else is to meet Gamu, Ultraman\'s human counterpart. After his wish is granted, Gamu actually appears, but a bully takes the ball and makes the second wish; for a monster, Satan-biezor, to fight Gamu. After a Gamu transforms into Ultraman Gaia, he finds he is losing power quickly, but manages to defeat the monster regardless. Afterwards, reverting into Gamu, he is chased by kids through the neighborhood until he finally manages to elude them by hiding in a toy shop. Once inside though, Tsutomu & his friends find Gamu and Tsutomu explains to Gamu just how he was brought to their world. Tsutomu tries hiding Gamu in an abandoned hanger, and during this time, Gamu sees that Tsutomu has a present for Lisa, a book called "Gulliver\'s Travels", which was a favorite of Gamu\'s as a child. While scanning the ball for the answers, not only do the police find him, but Gamu suddenly finds himself back in his own world, and accidentally takes the book with him. He is soon able to recall the events and checks the data he scanned from the ball, and gets a vision telling him that Tsutomu\'s world will soon be destroyed. Unfortunately, during the whole ordeal, Tsutomu loses the ball, and the bully finds the wishing ball and wishes for a giant monster to appear. King of Mons is created and starts destroying their suburban Tokyo neighborhood. Gamu becomes determined to open a gateway between the two universes to stop the monster and save the world Tsutomu lives in. Gamu is soon able to find his way there with the aid of a new mecha, the Aventure, and transforms into Gaia to battle the giant monster. Soon, Gaia is in a deadly battle against the monster. The monster then spawns two more monsters that are equally as strong as the original, one who\'s specialty is in water and the other who\'s specialty is sky. Tsutomu, knowing that Gaia is in trouble, tries to wish for help only to be sent flying into the air by one of the monster\'s stray beams. Just as all seems lost he is rescued by Ultraman Tiga and Ultraman Dyna, who have come via "The Light" into the battle to help Gaia. The three Ultramen battle the monsters. Tiga and Dyna destroy King of Mon\'s spawns. Gaia manages to oblitirate King of Mons with a highly powerful laser blast and saves the day. Gaia then turns back into Gamu and reveals Lisa\'s secret to Tsutomu: She is the human-interface of the ball. Even though Lisa will disappear forever, she urges Tsutomu to wish for the ball to vanish forever, repairing all of the damage that had been caused by it to that world. Before returning to his world, Gamu returns Tsutomu\'s book to him and tells him "Thanks to this book, we were able to meet again." At the end of the film, Tsutomu relives the day Lisa appeared in his class, but is able to recall the events of this film. During the credits, though, as he shows Lisa the book, there is an autograph & a message to him from Gamu, as he sees the Fighter-EX flying through the air before disappearing.'] ['For the third time, the evil Wishmaster returns with more evil and grotesquery to wreck the life of more innocents. This time, his victim is a beautiful, innocent and studious teenage girl named Diana Collins who accidentally opened up the Djinn\'s tomb  and released him. After gaining his freedom, the Djinn is asked by Professor Barash to let him be the one who makes the wishes. The professor wishes for two of the world\'s loveliest ladies to be with him, in love. However, as soon as the Djinn grants this wish, the women  kill the professor; the Djinn takes the face off of the dead professor and is able to steal his identity. He then kills a secretary by her wishing for "files to burn up" but instead of the files, she burns, along with his needing the student file of Diana as an effort to find her and force her to fulfill her three wishes. While Diana is on the run, she must endeavor to prevent the Djinn from subjecting the entire world to Hell\'s wrath. While in a Church thinking it was safe, the Djinn is there instead of the priest where apparently her friend Ann is now the "professor\'s Teaching Assistant" and made the wish of "wanting to lose a little weight" to which she pukes up her guts in pain. Diana uses her first wish for her to stop having pain, but of course that to the Djinn means to kill Ann. Diana noting that she is in a St. Michael church, uses another wish to summon the archangel Michael who possesses the body of her boyfriend, Greg . A slight fight ensues with the Djinn actually somewhat winning, but Michael and Diana escape into a stage theatre. Meanwhile as the Djinn tries to follow them, he goes a different way and encounters a female student named Helen who makes love to him, and then wishes for him to "break her heart", in which he literally does resulting in her death. Next, the Djinn goes into the room of Diana where her friend Billy is, with some sort of strangling him Billy tells the Djinn to "blow him" in which he does blow his body into a wooded head of a bull in which the horns pierce into the body of Billy in which the bleeding kills him. The Djinn then picks up a photo of Diana and her friends, and threatens to hurt Katie unless Diana makes her 3rd wish. Michael has revealed to her that only her using his sword can she kill the Djinn, but she isn\'t ready and when he does try to give her the sword, it severly burns her arm, but Michael heals it. Katie happens to find the dead body of Billy and finds herself being pursued by the Djinn in a chase, it ends in a science room as the Djinn tricks her into thinking she could successfully hide from him, and then she wishes "for a place to hide" with him sticking her head into a cage of lab rats that presumely nibble at her head, resultiing in her death. A 2nd battle ensues between Michael and the Djinn, actually resulting in the Djinn\'s hand being cut off by the sword, but it grows back. Michael is now in a car with Diana but then the Djinn runs to the car, jumps on top of it, and tries to hurt them but then Diana drives his side unto another car, thus making him fall off. In a crazy twist, she then drives into a infomation post and the car in flipped into a simliar position in which her parents died in a car crash explosion, luckly this time no fatalties as it blows up. In the end, Diana\'s attempt to commit suicide by jumping off a building which if killed her would have the Djinn defeated  actually gives her the ability to wield Michael\'s sword and she kills the Djinn with it, but is fatally injured when they both fall in the process. Michael heals her wounds before returning to Heaven, and Diana is finally able to admit she loves her boyfriend, who has returned to normal, though injured.'] ['In the heart of San Francisco, the legions of the damned lay waiting beneath the Golden Gate Bridge. As night falls, they are unleashed upon the city to carve terror into the souls of the innocent. But when one young woman named Natalie  escapes a bloody teen slaughter, she cannot convince anyone that a rampaging army of psychotic \'monsters\' has mutilated her friends. Now haunted, hunted and having a hard time in high school, Natalie must arm herself and her classmates for one final bizarre battle against the horror of the "neon maniacs." Some of the scenes were filmed at Hollywood High School.'] ["The central plot of the film revolves around the titular spider invasion, which occurs when what appears to be a meteorite crashes down in rural Wisconsin, and spawns spiders of varying sizes. Subplots include: * Dan Kester and his hate/hate relationship with his wife, Ev * Dan's adulterous affair with local barmaid Helga * Dave Perkins' attempts to make out with Ev's sister Terry * A fundamentalist preacher leading a revival meeting * Drs. Vance and Langer getting involved in somewhat of a romance  * The eventual panic that results when the townspeople are confronted with the spider The invasion is deduced  to be the result of some sort of interdimensional gateway, and is ultimately thwarted when Drs. Vance and Langer manage to close off the gateway, draining the spiders of their energy and causing them to melt into puddles of disgusting sludge."] ['The movie begins when a fisherman is killed by a mysterious monster. Two government agents later find the body on the beach. One of the agents, Ted, tries to get a sample of a radio-active rock in the sea, but the same monster attacks him. Ted is able to escape and return to the beach. On a later trip with the other agent, the monster nearly kills Ted, but the other agent is able to shoot it with a spear gun. Ted discovers that Dr. King, a marine biologist, created the monster and the radioactive rock. Ted tells Dr. King how the monster is killing innocent people and that it must be stopped. After Dr. King destroys his lab he goes to kill his creation using dynamite. Shortly before detonation, the monster grabs him. The dynamite explodes, destroying the rock and killing the monster and Dr. King. Ted arrives just in time to witness the explosion.'] ['As stated in the copy of one release of this film, "THE SUCKLING has been compared to Alien for its claustrophobic intensity and Die Hard for its non-stop action." Given the film\'s low budget and technical flaws, discerning filmgoers may disagree.The Suckling DVD at Horrortalk.com'] ['A geology expedition in the Amazon uncovers fossilized evidence from the Devonian period of a link between land and sea animals in the form of a skeletal hand with webbed fingers. Expedition leader Dr. Carl Maia  visits his friend, Dr. David Reed ([[Richard Carlson , an ichthyologist who works at a marine biology institute. Reed persuades the institute\'s financial backer, Dr. Mark Williams , to fund a return expedition to the Amazon to look for the remainder of the skeleton. They go aboard a tramp steamer, the Rita, which is captained by a crusty old codger named Lucas . The expedition consists of David, Carl and Mark, as well as Reed\'s girlfriend, Kay Lawrence , and another scientist, Dr. Edwin Thompson . When they arrive at the camp, they discover that Maia\'s entire research team has been mysteriously killed while he was away. Lucas suggests it was done by a jaguar, but the others are unsure. In fact, the camp was attacked by a piscine amphibious humanoid, a living member of the same species from which the fossil originated. The creature, curious upon seeing the expedition, investigates the camp site, but when its sudden appearance frightens the members, they attack it, and in response, the enraged creature kills them. The excavation of the area where Carl found the hand turns up nothing. Mark is ready to give up the search, but David suggests that perhaps thousands of years ago the part of the embankment containing the rest of the skeleton fell into the water and was washed downriver. Lucas says that the tributary empties into a lagoon known as the "Black Lagoon", a paradise from which no one has ever returned. The scientists decide to risk it, unaware that the amphibious "Gill-man" that killed Carl\'s assistants earlier has been watching them. Taking notice of the beautiful Kay, it follows the Rita all the way downriver to the Black Lagoon. Once the expedition arrives, David and Mark go diving to collect fossils from the lagoon floor. After they return, Kay goes swimming and is stalked underwater by the creature, who then gets briefly caught in one of the ship\'s draglines. Although it escapes, it leaves behind a claw in the net, revealing its existence to the scientists. Subsequent encounters with the Gill-man claim the lives of two of Lucas\'s crew members, before the Gill-man is captured and locked in a cage on board the Rita. It escapes during the night and attacks Edwin, who was guarding it. Kay hits the beast with a lantern; driving it off before it can kill Edwin. Following this incident, David decides they should return to civilization, but as the Rita tries to leave, they find the entrance blocked by fallen logs, courtesy of the escaped Gill-man. While the others attempt to remove the logs, Mark is mauled to death trying to capture the creature single-handedly underwater. The creature then abducts Kay and takes her to his cavern lair. David, Lucas, and Carl give chase to save her. Kay is rescued and the creature is riddled with bullets before he retreats to the lagoon where his body sinks in the watery depths, presumably dead.'] ['In New York harbor, Carl Denham ([[Robert Armstrong , a fierce independent film director famous for shooting animal pictures in remote and exotic locations, has recruited a bunch of macho seamen, but is unable to hire an actress for his newest project. His usual agent, Charles Weston refuses to supply anyone because of the dangerous nature of the expedition, so Carl goes wandering in the streets of New York searching for a suitable girl. He chances upon starving unemployed Ann Darrow  and tries to convince her to join him on the adventure of a lifetime, offering her the lead in his project. Although Ann is apprehensive, she has nothing to lose and agrees. They set sail aboard the Venture, a tramp steamer, and travel for weeks in the direction of Indonesia, where Denham claims they will be shooting. Despite his ongoing declarations that women have no place on board ships, the ship\'s first mate, Jack Driscoll  is obviously becoming attracted to Ann. Denham informs Driscoll he has enough trouble without the complications of a seagoing love affair. Driscoll sneers at the suggestion, reminding Denham of his toughness in past adventures. Denham\'s reply outlines the theme of the movie he is making: "The Beast was a tough guy too. He could lick the world, but when he saw Beauty, she got him. He went soft. He forgot his wisdom and the little fellas licked him." After maintaining secrecy for weeks, Denham finally tells Driscoll and Captain Englehorn  that they\'re searching for an uncharted island shown on a map in Denham\'s possession. Denham then describes something monstrous connected to the island, a legendary entity known to the islanders only as "Kong". As the Venture creeps through the fog surrounding the island, the crew hears drums in the distance. Arriving at the island\'s shore, they see a native village on a peninsula, cut off from the bulk of the island by an enormous stone wall. A landing party, including the filming crew and Ann, goes ashore and encounters the natives, who are about to hand over a girl to Kong as a ritual sacrifice. The native chief spots them, getting a clear look at Ann, and proposes to swap six native women for her. Denham delicately declines as he and his party edge away from the scene, assuring the chief that they will return tomorrow to get better acquainted. However, later that night, a stealthy contingent of natives captures Ann, takes her back to the wall, where she is presented to Kong in an elaborate ceremony, leaving her tied to columns behind the wall. Soon after, Kong emerges through the trees and is revealed to be a giant gorilla, who carries off Ann deep into the jungle. The Venture crew returns to the village and open the huge gate on the wall; half of the crew then go after Kong in hopes of rescuing Ann from his clutches. While venturing through the dense jungles, the crew discover that not only does Kong live on the island, but also prehistoric dinosaurs that have somehow escaped extinction and have continued to evolve throughout the centuries such as enraged Stegosaurus, a territorial Brontosaurus, a Snake-like Plesiosaurus and a hungry Tyrannosaurus Rex who tries to eat Ann, but Kong fights and eventually defeats it. Jack, after braving through the many obstacles the island has to offer, rescues Ann and takes her back to the village, but Kong chases after them, breaks through the large door in the wall and rampages through the village, killing many natives. Denham hurls gas bombs at Kong, knocking him out, whereupon he exults in the opportunity presented: "We\'re millionaires, boys! I\'ll share it with all of you! Why, in a few months, his name will be up in lights on Broadway! Kong! The Eighth Wonder of the World!" The next scene shows those last words in lights on a theater marquee. Along with hundreds of curious New Yorkers, Denham, Driscoll and Ann are dressed in evening wear for the gala event. The curtain lifts, and Denham presents a subdued and shackled Kong to the stunned audience. All goes well until photographers, using the blinding flashbulbs of the era, begin snapping shots of Ann and Jack, who is now her fiancé. Under the impression that the flashbulbs are attacking Ann, Kong breaks free of his bonds and escapes from the theater as the screaming audience flees. He rampages through city streets, destroying an elevated train and killing several citizens. He looks into windows, his glaring eyes looming in the windows of the wrecked elevated train Kong sees Ann in an upper floor hotel room, he reaches in the window, grabs her, and carries her to the top of the Empire State Building. He gets into a battle with a squadron of military airplanes and despite taking one of them down is wounded by gunfire and falls to his death. Ann is reunited with Driscoll. Below on the street, Denham makes his way through the gathered crowd to look upon the fallen Kong. A police lieutenant says to him "Well Denham, the airplanes got him." The film ends with Carl Denham\'s famous reply, "Oh, no, it wasn\'t the airplanes...it was Beauty killed the Beast."'] [' The film is presented as found footage from a personal video camera recovered by the United States Department of Defense. A disclaimer text states that the footage is of a case designated "Cloverfield" and was found in the area "formerly known as Central Park". The video consists chiefly of segments taped the night of Friday, May 22, 2009. The newer segments were taped over older video that is shown occasionally. The first video segment opens when Rob wakes up on the morning of Monday, April 27 having slept with Beth, a previously platonic friend. They make plans to go to Coney Island that day. The footage cuts to May 22, when Rob\'s brother Jason and his girlfriend Lily prepare a farewell party for Rob who will be moving to Japan. Their friend Hud uses the camera to film testimonials. After Beth leaves the party, an apparent earthquake strikes, and the city suffers a brief power outage. The local news reports that an oil tanker has capsized near Liberty Island. When the party-goers leave the building, they see the head of the Statue of Liberty crash into the street with several stunning scratch and bite marks. Hud records what appears to be a hand of a large creature several blocks away. The monster causes the Woolworth Building to collapse. Later, during the evacuation of the city, a gigantic tail destroys the Brooklyn Bridge, also killing Jason. News reports show the Army National Guard\'s 42nd Infantry Division attacking the monster and smaller "parasite" creatures falling off its body and attacking people.The creatures are called HSP or "Human Scale Parasites" in the Blu-ray special investigation mode. Rob listens to a phone message from Beth saying she is trapped in her apartment and unable to move. Going against the crowd, Rob, Hud, Lily, and Marlena  venture to Midtown Manhattan to rescue Beth. They are attacked by several of the "parasite" creatures; Marlena is bitten by one of them. They come across a command center and field hospital, where Marlena dies. One of the military leaders tells the group when the last evacuation helicopter will depart before the military executes its "Hammer Down Protocol", which will destroy Manhattan. The group rescues Beth, who was impaled on a piece of rebar. The four make their way to the evacuation site, where they encounter the monster once more over Grand Central Terminal. Lily is raced into one departing Marine Corps helicopter. Moments later, Rob, Beth and Hud are taken away in a second helicopter and witness a U.S. Air Force B-2 Spirit bomb the monster. The monster falls, then lunges at the helicopter, causing it to crash into Central Park.  The film skips to less than an hour later, with a voice on the crashed helicopter\'s radio warning that the Hammer Down protocol will begin in 15 minutes. The three friends regain consciousness and flee the helicopter. As they leave, the monster kills Hud. Rob and Beth grab the camera and take shelter under Greyshot Arch in Central Park as air raid sirens begin to blare and bombing starts. Rob and Beth take turns leaving their last testimonies of the day, which Rob mentions as Saturday, May 23. The bridge crumbles and debris covers the camera.According to the "military intelligence" in the special investigation mode of the Blu-ray version, this was the only thing that protected the camera during the Hammer Down protocol The film then cuts to the footage of Rob and Beth\'s Coney Island date on April 27. In the distance, unnoticed by Rob and Beth, a large object falls into the ocean.'] ['A United States Air Force re-supply crew is dispatched by General Fogerty from Anchorage, Alaska at the request of Dr. Carrington, the chief scientist working at a North Pole base. They have evidence that an unknown flying craft crashed nearby. Reporter Ned Scott tags along on the trip. Dr. Carrington briefs the airmen, and Dr. Redding shows photos of a heavy object moving erratically before crashing; not the movements of a meteor. Following Geiger counter readings, the crew and scientists fly to the crash site aboard the supply team\'s C-47. The mysterious craft lays buried beneath refrozen ice, with just the tip of a rounded airfoil protruding from the surface. As they outline the craft\'s shape, they realize they are standing in a circle; they have discovered a crashed flying saucer. They try unearthing it with thermite heat bombs, but ignite the ship\'s metal alloy, causing an explosion that destroys the saucer. Sergeant Bob\'s Geiger counter points to a frozen body buried nearby. They excavate a block of ice around the tall body and fly it to the research outpost as a storm moves into their region, cutting off their communications with Anchorage. Some of the scientists want to thaw out the body, but Captain Hendry issues orders for everyone to wait until he receives instructions from the Air Force. Corporal Barnes covers the ice block with a blanket, not realizing it is a warm electric blanket; as the ice melts the creature revives, and finally escapes into the sub-zero cold of the raging storm. The creature is attacked by sled dogs and the scientists recover a severed arm. As the arm warms up, it ingests some of the dead dogs\' blood covering it, and the hand begins moving. Seed pods are discovered in its palm, demonstrating that the creature is a form of plant life. Carrington is convinced that the creature can be reasoned with and has much to teach them, but Dr. Chapman and the others disagree; the Air Force personnel believe the alien may be dangerous. Carrington deduces their visitor requires blood to survive and reproduce. He later discovers the body of a dead sled dog in the base\'s greenhouse; the alien has forced the lock on the greenhouse\'s door and bent it back in shape. Carrington has Dr. Voorhees, Dr. Olsen and Dr. Auerbach, stand guard overnight, waiting for it to return. Carrington secretly uses blood plasma from the infirmary to incubate seedlings grown from the alien pods. In the greenhouse, the strung-up bodies of Olsen and Auerbach are discovered, drained of blood. Dr. Stern is almost killed by the creature but escapes. Nikki Nicholson, Carrington\'s secretary, reluctantly updates Hendry when he asks about missing plasma and confronts Carrington in his lab, where he discovers the seeds have grown at an alarming rate. Dr. Wilson advises Carrington that he has not slept, but Carrington remains unconcerned. Hendry then rushes to the greenhouse after hearing what happened there: the alien visitor is behind the door as Hendry opens it, and he immediately slams the door on the creature\'s regrown arm as it tries to grab him; as the alien pulls its arm back through, its barbed knuckles rip the door\'s trim to splinters. The alien escapes through the greenhouse\'s exterior door and breaks into another building in the compound. Following Nicholson\'s suggestion, Hendry and his men set a trap in a nearby room: they set the creature ablaze using a flare gun and buckets of kerosene, forcing it to jump through a window into the storm. Nicholson notices that the temperature inside the station is falling; a heating fuel line has been sabotaged by the alien. The cold forces everyone to make a final stand near the generator room. They rig an electrical "fly trap", hoping to electrocute the creature. As it advances, Carrington tries to save it by shutting off the power and reasoning with it; the alien throws him aside and continues advancing. An airman throws a pick axe at the creature, forcing it to step on their electrical grid; a switch is thrown and the alien is reduced to ash. Hendry orders all traces of the alien visitor destroyed. When the weather clears, Scotty files his "story of a lifetime" by radio to a roomful of reporters in Anchorage. During his report, Scotty broadcasts a warning to the reporters: "Tell the world. Tell this to everyone, wherever they are. Watch the skies everywhere. Keep looking. Keep watching the skies."'] ['One peaceful day in 1959, suddenly thousands of fishes washed out the shore. All was burned with radioactivity. And then, Tom Trevethan, an old fishermen is also burned with radioactivity. His last word was "behemoth". A huge ship, the "Triton" is also sunk and burned. Professor James Bickford, a marine biologist is also don\'t knowing what could do this all. Then, in the harbor, a man named John witnessed and photographed a strange head with a long neck of a creature. Dr. Sampson Karnes, a paleontologist identifyed it as "Paleosaurus" a prehistoric gargantuan dinosaur. He founds that the dinosaur is saturated by radiation. His genius 19-years old son Steve Karnes, suggested maybe the dinosaur is awakened by the atomic bomb tests in the Atlantic Ocean. Then, he got the ability to breathe radioactive fire. Then, suddenly, the Behemoth  surfaces in London! Behemoth wreaks havoc in the city, destroying everything in his path. Innocent peoples fell as unfortunate victims killed in the rampage, and the city was destroyed. Buildings burned, trucks were thrown, streets were in panic and ruins, then many peoples screamed and run. But, Steve had an idea. He told military to set 3000 volts of electric fences, and they do that. But, the electricity just make the Behemoth stronger. The plan backfires, and the Behemoth returned to the sea. But, thinking of the radiation, Steve makes a new idea. He invents a special gun. He knows something. Just two days later, Behemoth was found. He was moving, but Steve sets his plan. A mini-sub officer lures Behemoth to resurface in London. Then, Steve sets his newly-invented special "missile gun". He inserts the bullet: a special anti-nuclear cadmium isotope. The anti-nuclear isotope was made to a missile, and Behemoth wreaks havoc in the streets, destroying everything with his radioactive fire breath that was shoot from his mouth, claws, arms, tail and big foot. But, this time, Steve\'s plan was successful. The Behemoth was near the Empire State Building, when Steve was inside. He shoots the anti-nuclear cadmium isotope to the Behemoth\'s chest, piercing the Behemoth\'s heart. The Behemoth roared in pain as the isotope began to take effect on his radiation, and slowly killing him. Behemoth fell to the ground, and disintegrates to small nucleic particles. Steve looks, as the giant monster fades, his parts flew to the sky. Maybe, the humans had make a big mistake, and a bigger threat will came somehow....'] ['The film deals with a documentary film-maker named David Leigh, and his investigation of the Fact or Fiction murders, where a pair of Public-access television cable TV hosts are murdered in mysterious circumstances. Leigh sets out to find the truth behind these killings while making his documentary. Fact or Fiction is a show dealing with unsolved mysteries and the paranormal. Its two hosts are Steven "Johnny" Avkast and Locus Wheeler. Initially a success, we find out through Leigh\'s investigations that the show is failing and is threatened with imminent cancellation. It is at this point that Avkast comes up with the idea of a live Internet Relay Chat section of the show. It is during one such chat that a caller gives Avkast the idea of searching for The Jersey Devil in the Pine Barrens . Leaping on this idea, Avkast and Wheeler recruit Rein Clackin, a sound-man who allegedly can record the paranormal, and Jim Suerd, a psychic who, Leigh discovers, is emotionally disturbed. The plan is for the four to enter the Pine Barrens, with Suerd leading them to the location of the Jersey Devil. During the hunt, they will broadcast a live show simultaneously via television, Internet, and amateur radio. The four enter the Barrens, but only Suerd emerges alive, while the others are horribly murdered. Avkast\'s body is never found, though it is made clear in the following trial that he could not have survived considering the massive blood loss found at the crime scene. Leigh then summarizes the trial. Suerd, as the only survivor, is also the only suspect. To aid the prosecution case they employ a video engineer  to compile a portrait of the group\'s trip using the surviving film footage found at the crime scene. Suerd is found guilty and imprisoned, though there is doubt over his guilt as his clothes were not drenched in blood and there is evidence he was engaged in an IRC room at the times of the murders. Before anything can be proven, Suerd commits suicide in prison and the case is considered closed by the authorities. However, Leigh has a box sent to him containing a damaged videotape reel, which Leigh assumes is tape from the Fact or Fiction team thought not to exist. A data retrieval expert named Shelly Monarch is called in to reconstruct the images on the tape. She finds that not only have Wheeler and Clacklin\'s deaths been caught on tape, but that Suerd could not have committed the murders. What is also caught is a blurred image of the real killer. As Leigh videotapes her, Monarch uses an image editor to re-construct the image of the killer\'s face; when she finishes, the viewer sees that Leigh himself was the actual murderer. With this revelation, the film abruptly shifts from the perspective of Leigh\'s camera to a third person perspective, lingering on Monarch\'s tormented face as Leigh fights with and then suffocates her to death with a piece of plastic sheeting in a real-time sequence. Afterwards, Leigh loads Monarch\'s corpse into his car and drives it out to the woods, where he dumps it in a clearing and then begins awkwardly videotaping himself narrating the next segment of his documentary.  The Last Broadcast was released through Ventura Distribution on VHS and DVD. Wavelength Releasing also was a part of the DVD releasing. Heretic Films re-released the DVD in 2006.'] ["Following the events of Alien vs. Predator, a Predator spaceship is leaving Earth carrying dead Aliens, living facehuggers, and the body of the Predator that defeated the Alien queen. A chestburster erupts from the dead Predator's body; it is a new creature that is a hybrid of Alien and Predator characteristics. It quickly matures into an adult and begins killing Predators throughout the ship. A Predator's weapons fire punctures the hull and the ship crashes in the forest outside of Gunnison, Colorado. With the Predators dead, the hybrid and several facehuggers escape, implanting embryos into a nearby father and son and into several homeless people living in the sewers. A distress signal from the wrecked ship reaches the Predator home world and a lone Predator responds, traveling to Earth and using its advanced technology to observe the cause of the crash and to track the facehuggers. It begins to erase the evidence of the Aliens' presence by destroying the crashed ship and using a blue liquid to dissolve the bodies of the facehuggers and their victims. Meanwhile, ex-convict Dallas Howard  has just returned to Gunnison after serving time in prison. He is greeted by Sheriff Eddie Morales  and reunites with his younger brother Ricky . Ricky has a romantic interest in his more affluent classmate Jesse  and is being harassed by her boyfriend Dale  and two of his friends. Kelly O'Brien  has also just returned to Gunnison after service in the military, and reunites with her husband Tim  and daughter Molly . The Predator fights a number of Aliens in the sewers, and as the battle reaches the surface several of them disperse into the town. The Predator pursues some to the power plant, where collateral damage from its weaponry causes a city-wide power outage. Ricky and Jesse meet at the high school swimming pool but are interrupted by Dale and his cohorts just as the power fails and an Alien enters the building, killing Dale's friends. Another Alien invades the O'Brien home, killing Tim while Kelly escapes with Molly. Kelly, Molly, Ricky, Jesse, Dale, Dallas, and Sheriff Morales meet at a sporting goods store to gather weapons. Troops from the Colorado Army National Guard arrive but are quickly killed by the Aliens. When the battle between the Predator and the Aliens enters the store, Dale is killed and the Predator's shoulder cannons are damaged; it is able to modify one into a hand-held blaster. As the survivors attempt to escape Gunnison they make radio contact with Colonel Stevens , who indicates that an air evacuation is being staged at the center of town. Kelly is suspicious of the military's intentions, convincing a small group to go to the hospital where they hope to escape by helicopter, while Sheriff Morales heads to the evacuation area with the rest of the surviving citizens. The hospital, however, has been invaded by Aliens and the hybrid creature. The Predator soon arrives and in the ensuing battle Jesse is killed, Ricky is injured, and Dallas takes possession of the Predator's blaster cannon. As the battle reaches the rooftop, Dallas, Ricky, Kelly, and Molly escape in the helicopter while the Predator battles the hybrid hand-to-hand. The two creatures mortally wound each other just as a military jet arrives; rather than a rescue airlift it is a bomber, executing a tactical nuclear strike that destroys the entire city and kills all of the extraterrestrials along with the remaining citizens. The shock wave causes the fleeing helicopter to crash in a clearing, where the survivors are rescued by the military. The Predator's blaster cannon is confiscated by Colonel Stevens and presented to a Ms. Yutani."] ["The Mummy's Shroud is set in 1920 and tells the story of a team of archaeologists who come across the lost tomb of the boy Pharaoh Kah-To-Bey. The story begins with a flash back sequence to Ancient Egypt and we see the story of how Prem, a manservant of Kah-To-Bey, spirited away the boy when his father was killed in a palace coup and took him into the desert for protection. Unfortunately, the boy dies and is buried. The story then moves forward to 1920 and shows the expedition led by scientist Sir Basil Walden  and business man Stanley Preston  finding the tomb. They ignore the dire warning issued to them by Hasmid, a local Bedouin about the consequences for those that violate the tombs of Ancient Egypt and remove the bodies and the sacred shroud. Sir Basil is bitten by a snake just after finding the tomb. He recovers, but has a relapse after arriving back in Cairo. Preston takes advantage of this and commits him to an insane asylum, to take credit for finding the tomb and Prince's mummy himself. Meanwhile, after being placed in the Cairo Museum, the mummy of Prem is revived when Hasmid chants the sacred oath on the shroud. The mummy then proceeds to go on a murderous rampage to kill off the members of the expedition, beginning with Sir Basil after he escapes from the asylum. One by one, those who assisted in removing the contents of the tomb to Cairo are eliminated by such grisly means as strangulation, being thrown out of windows, and having photographic acid thrown in their face. Greedy Stanley Preston, the real villain of the piece, after repeated attempts to evade the murder investigations and flee for his own safely, is murdered in a Cairo sidestreet by the avenging mummy. All ends happily thanks to the intervention of remaining members of the party, Stanley's son Paul Preston and Maggie Claire de Sangre, who succeed in destroying the Mummy in a very dramatic and beautifully staged finale."] ['Defense attorney Jennifer Garrick  believes her client, an accused child murderer on death row, is not guilty and is hiding the identity of the real killer. After he is executed, she accidentally brings a Pinocchio doll buried with her clients son home with her from the office, and her daughter Zoe  mistakes it for a birthday gift. She starts acting strangely as she develops a relationship with the puppet. Soon, she even believes the doll to be real and talk with it, although this is not out of the ordinary as she held a similar relationship with her other dolls. Trouble takes off when a school mate of Zoe who bullied her is pushed in front of a bus, which Zoe blames on Pinocchio trying to protect her. Soon after, Jennifer\'s boyfriend David is knocked down the basement stairs while baby sitting Zoe, but is saved by Zoe calling 911. Later, Zoe is at one of her therapy sessions when her psychiatrist has to leave the room, and Zoe begins talking with Pinocchio about who is to blame for David\'s accident, with both placing blame on one another. A surveillance video in the room is watched by the mother and the psychiatrist and it is revealed that Zoe is talking to herself. That night, Pinocchio convinces Zoe to set him free so that he can admit to David that he is to blame for his accident. Zoe makes him promise he will not do anything bad and cuts his strings, at which point Pinocchio hops up declaring his freedom and takes off down the dark streets with Zoe in pursuit. Through a first person perspective, we see an unknown person move through the hospital through crowds of people into David\'s room and unplug one of his machines, killing him. Jennifer questions Zoe who claims she got lost as she and Pinocchio try to find the hospital and never went there which causes an angry and confused Jennifer to lock Pinocchio in the trunk of her car. That night, Zoe is left in the care of the babysitter Sophe, when Sophe reminds her that Zoe gave Pinocchio a conscience . Zoe runs to her room to check on it and finds it smashed and begins screaming. Sophe runs to make sure she is okay where she is struck by a fireplace poker from an unknown assailant until she is dead. Jennifer arrives home that night during a thunderstorm to find the babysitter dead and Zoe standing in a dark hallway quiet. When Jennifer tries to confront Zoe, she runs away in a panic. As Jennifer explores the house, she is struck by the poker and sees her daughter standing above her with it in her hand. Her daughter explains that she just managed to get the poker away from Pinocchio but they must escape quickly, but before Jennifer can inquire further, Zoe is gone. Jennifer stands up to see Pinocchio standing in the room, at which point he suddenly turns towards her and attacks her with a knife, following with a chase and battle through the house. Jennifer throws Pinocchio through a glass coffee table and sees that her daughter is suddenly laying there in his place. The movie closes with a catatonic Zoe being committed and Jennifer stating it was not her and that she will not give up until she gets better and can leave, to which the psychiatrist states, "I hope not, for your sake, I hope not."'] ['A year has passed since the battle between Gamera and the Gyaos, and Japan has struggled to rebuild its cities in the meantime. The military has kept a cautious vigil on the nation\'s coast, but so far Gamera has yet to return. Suddenly, a series of bizarre incidents reveal a new threat to the land of the rising sun. On a moonlit stroll, science instructor Midori Honami watches as a huge meteor plunges into the mountain snow. The next night, two security guards are horrified as they see large insect-like creatures stealing glass bottles from a nearby warehouse. Soon after, the entire city of Sapporo is covered with strange plants and the link between these events soon becomes clear. The meteor has carried with it a species of extraterrestrials. These aliens have set up a hive in the bowels of the city\'s subway tunnels, deliberately nurturing the plants that are covering the city. Soon a gigantic pod erupts from a building and Colonel Watarase of the Self Defense Force realizes that it is dramatically raising the city\'s oxygen levels. Working together with the swift-minded Miss Honami, he realizes that the aliens are building a huge biological launchpad: the increased oxygen will aid the creatures in exploding the flower, catapulting its seed into space so that they can colonize yet another world. The military can only watch helplessly, as any attempt to destroy the plant would destroy all of Sapporo. Just as all hope is lost, Gamera flies from the sea and heads toward the besieged city. He tears the flower out by its roots, but is ambushed by a swarm of the alien soldiers. As Gamera thrashes to rid himself of the attacking insects, a nearby soldier names them "Legion," after a Biblical demon army. Gamera is forced to retreat, just as the monstrous queen Legion bursts out of the ground and flies off to start a second hive. Her wings are damaged by fighter jets but she survives. Again a Legion flower blooms, this time in Sendai, and again Gamera attempts to stop its explosion. He is intercepted, however, by Legion. The mother Legion makes short work of Gamera, impaling him with her sharp legs and blasting him with her horn beam. Sensing the detonation of her pod approaching, Legion leaves Gamera for dead and burrows off. Gamera limps toward the plant, destroying it by knocking it down before it launches its seed into space. The flower explodes and completely annihilates Sendai; and seemingly killing Gamera. Japan\'s military and scientists race to find the Legion\'s weakness, but have so far found only one clue: the smaller symbiotic Legion are attracted to any electromagnetic source, such as a power line. While this may enable the army to distract them, it has the unfortunate side-effect of drawing them to Tokyo. Asagi visits the ruined city where Gamera lies comatose, and as she tries to reach out to him, and the mystical jewel that enables their bond shatters. Gamera awakens, but at the sacrifice of his human connection. Legion marches on Tokyo with the intention of planting a third and final flower, but Gamera heads her off in the outskirts. She spawns a swarm of soldiers against him, but the military manages to draw them off and destroy them with an electric distraction. Gamera and Legion fight throughout the suburbs, and the military lobs a few missiles at Legion in aid. Finally, Gamera manages to tear off Legion\'s horn, and she momentarily collapses in defeat. Suddenly, Legion rises up and fires laser whips from her stump into Gamera. On the verge of defeat, Gamera then looks into the sky and roars, and light begins to shine down upon him. As Legion closes in, Gamera\'s chest opens up and fires a powerful plasma beam. Legion is hit by the blast and is blown apart. Gamera glances toward the human onlookers, and then ascends into the morning sky. As they watch Gamera fade into the distance, mankind is unsettled by his power, and trembles lest he should ever view humanity as an enemy.'] ["Dr. Bela Reinhardt  is a mad doctor who has invited five people to his castle to determine which of them shall inherit his estate.House of the Wolf Man Premiere Tix Now On Sale He has arranged for a competition of sorts. The winner will be chosen by process of... elimination. The visitors quickly realize they made a terrible mistake in accepting Reinhardt's invitation, but are trapped like rats in a cage under the watchful eye of Reinhardt's ghoulish manservant, Barlow. They soon discover the castle is full of terrifying monsters such as the Wolf man, the Frankenstein's Monster and DraculaExclusive Coverage: Fango attends the HOUSE OF THE WOLF MAN World Premiere!"] ["Belial returns in this sequel to Basket Case. Duane Bradly  and his hideously deformed brother are accepted into a family of special individuals under the care of Granny Ruth and her beautiful granddaughter. A snooping tabloid reporter and a sleazy photographer threaten to endanger the community's welfare. The two brothers join with the freaks to defend their privacy with a vengeance.DVD Covers: Basket Case 2"] ["Dark Moon Rising, commonly known as Wolf Moon, is a horror film about a girl named Amy, who falls in love with the new boy in town. Dan is the drifter from out of town who carries a dark secret with him. In the beginning, Amy's friends, tell her to go talk to Dan, who is working in an auto shop. He treats Amy with disinterest until he realizes that he has hurt her feelings. He asks to give her a ride home. Amy's father doesn't trust Dan from the beginning. Dan's a drifter, so people automatically don't trust him. But, the reason people don't trust him is because of the vibes he gives off. Amy and Dan get to know each other as the movie progresses. Meanwhile, Dan's father, Bender, is out killing people only a few states over. Dan's dad eventually shows up and kills a dog along with a horse. The sheriff, played by María Conchita Alonso, and Amy's dad investigate the murders and eventually connect them to the killings from other states. The two eventually discover Charles Thibodeaux, played by Billy Drago. Charles Thibodeaux tells them that he knows Bender from a while ago and Bender is a werewolf. Charles put Bender in jail a while back, and he escaped seeking revenge. Bender killed Charles' wife brutally and Charles never got over it."] ['Deep in the rural swamps of Texas the insane Dr. Simond Trent is conducting experiments on the local swamp people in an attempt to discover the secret of evolution. When a party of oil surveyors comes upon his isolated laboratory he decides to take the final step and turn one of them into a grotesque amphibious creature.'] ["The film begins with two men on their motorcycles driving away from Pumpkinhead. One of the men hits a tree branch in their path, falling from his motorcycle and allowing Pumpkinhead to catch up to him. As the man is being killed, the film cuts to a man in a log cabin who seems to share the pain inflicted by Pumpkinhead on the fallen man. The surviving man, named Dallas, rides to the log cabin, and the man who conjured Pumpkinhead, begging him to call the demon off. Pumpkinhead smashes through the window and Dallas attempts to fend him off by shooting him with a small pistol with little effect, and is clawed in the chest by the demon. When Dallas realizes that his bullets have no effect on Pumpkinhead, he swears to take the summoner with him, shooting the man and killing him, causing Pumpkinhead to vanish. Ed Harley then appears telling Dallas that Pumpkinhead will return and there will be no place to hide. Five years later we are shown the family of the Hatfields and McCoys ongoing feud started because of a car in the 30's. The Hatfields then trash the McCoy wedding. Jody Hatfield sneaks out to see her true love, Ricky McCoy. Ricky brings his sister, Sarah, to look out for him and Jody. The two then start to make out. Jody's brothers find and kill Sarah by accident and try to kill Ricky. Ricky then finds his sister's body and goes to Haggis for help. Haggis tells him of the price it costs to summon Pumpkinhead and Haggis is shown talking to Ed Harley's spirit. Haggis states that her choice does not matter in the end; only the summoner may make the decision to kill Pumpkinhead. The two invoke Pumpkinhead to kill the Hatfields. At the end of the film most of the Hatfields are killed, as well as some of the McCoy family. Ricky realizes what he has done and takes Pumpkinhead with him to fall down a well. This is the first film in the franchise that does not imply that Pumpkinhead is still alive."] ['The story follows the adventures of Ethan Kendrick, charged in his childhood by Jack to protect the Yeouiju, an individual born able to change an Imoogi into a Celestial Dragon. To this end, Jack gives Ethan a medallion formerly belonging to Haram and reveals that the Yeouiju is Sarah, whom Ethan will find in Los Angeles. 15 years after this revelation, a corrupt Imoogi identified as \'Buraki\' invades the city, bent on capturing Sarah; whereupon Ethan, now a televised-news anchor, rescues her, conveys the knowledge of her purpose, and attempts to save her from Buraki. During the resulting chase, Buraki\'s \'Artox Army\' enters the city and engages the United States Army, the United States Air Force, and the Los Angeles Police Department in battle. Here, the Atrox Army is shown to consist of black-armored, humanoid warriors; theropod-like cavalry called "Shaconnes"; small, winged Western dragons called "Bulcos"; and immense, slow-moving reptiles carrying rocket-launchers on their backs, identified in the dialogue as "Dawdlers". This army overwhelms the human forces, while Ethan and Sarah escape. They are subsequently captured by the Bulcos and taken to a menacing fortress in the midst of a darkened desert landscape. There, Ethan\'s medallion destroys the Artox Army; but Buraki attempts to consume Sarah, whereupon he is attacked by the Good Imoogi. Having won the fight, Buraki again approaches Sarah; but having offered herself to him, she instead gives her power to the Good Imoogi , who thereupon becomes the Celestial Dragon and destroys Buraki. After Buraki is destroyed, Sarah dissolves into a spirit form, and the Celestial Dragon permits Sarah to speak to Ethan, whom she promises to "love... for all eternity"; then withdraws Sarah into his body and ascends to the heavens. Immediately Jack appears behind Ethan, reminds him that the two of them "have been given a great honor" to take part in this transformation, and vanishes; presumably never to be seen again. Ethan\'s own fate is not revealed.'] ["Half a century after her grandfather was killed in an Egyptian excavation, archaeologist Sam Turkel returns to the original site and discovers the hanging sarcophagus of Talos. Months later, a murder is committed at the museum hosting Talos' artifacts and Sam is called in to assist an American detective working on the case."] ['Daniel O\'Grady returns home from a trip to Ireland to tell his wife that he had captured a Leprechaun and that by doing so, acquired his pot of gold. Unknowing to him, the evil Leprechaun had stowed away in one of his suitcases, killing his wife by pushing her down the basement stairs. After burying the gold, Daniel discovers the leprechaun and tries to kill it by showing a four-leaf clover, the Leprechaun\'s weakness. He manages to trap him inside a crate and attempts to burn it and the house to the ground, but suffers a stroke, leaving the leprechaun inside, guarded by the magic of the four leaf clover. 10 years pass when J.D. Redding and his teenage daughter Tory rent the O\'Grady farmhouse for the summer when they meet Nathan Murphy, his little brother Alex, and their mentally challenged friend Ozzie "the Bozz" Jones, who are re-painting the farmhouse. Ozzie is looking around the basement when he hears the Leprechaun\'s cry for help, mistaking him for a little child. He brushes the old four-leaf clover off the crate, letting the Leprechaun break free. After trying to convince the others that he met a Leprechaun , Ozzie spots a rainbow and chases it, believing that there will be a pot of gold at the end. Alex accompanies him for fear Ozzie might hurt himself when they come across an old truck, with the bag of one hundred gold pieces magically appearing. After testing to see if it\'s real gold , they plot to keep it for themselves, hoping to fix Ozzie\'s brain. The Leprechaun lures J.D. into a trap by imitating a cat, biting and injuring his hand. Tory and the others rush him to the hospital, followed by the Leprechaun, who traveled there on a tricycle. Alex and Ozzie go to a pawn shop to see if the gold is pure while Nathan and Tory are out, waiting on J.D.\'s results. The Leprechaun attacks the pawn shop owner, killing him by crushing his chest with a pogo stick. After terrorizing and killing a policeman, the Leprechaun returns to the farmhouse, searching for his gold, while shining every shoe in the house. Everyone  returns home, finding the house ransacked. Nathan goes out to see what is outside when he is injured by a bear trap set up by the Leprechaun. After shooting the Leprechaun several times, they try to leave the farmhouse when the truck breaks down, due to the Leprechaun biting all the cords. After ramming the truck with his specially-made car, the Leprechaun terrorizes the gang until Ozzie reveals that he and Alex found the pot of gold. Tory recovers the bag from the old well, and gives it to the Leprechaun. Believing the worst to be over, they try to head out to the hospital. The Leprechaun is counting his gold when he discovers that he is missing one gold piece  and thinks that they have tricked him, leading him to terrorize them until Ozzie tells them about O\'Grady, who was taken to a nursing home after his stroke. Tory decides to head out to the home to find out how to kill the Leprechaun. Tory arrives at the nursing home, searching until she finds O\'Grady, who is actually the Leprechaun, who chases Tory to the elevator. Tory escapes, while the bloodied body of O\'Grady crashes through, managing to tell her that the only way to kill him is by a four-leaf clover, before dying. Tory returns home, and automatically starts searching for a clover until she is chased by the Leprechaun, who almost kills her until she is saved by Nathan and Ozzie. Alex tries to set a trap but is attacked by the Leprechaun, almost killing him but Ozzie tells him that he swallowed the last gold coin, and is critically wounded by the Leprechaun. Before the Leprechaun kills Ozzie, Alex takes the four-leaf clover from Tory, sticks it to a wad of gum and shoots it into the Leprechaun\'s mouth, taking away his power. The skeleton of the Leprechaun appears out of the well until Nathan hits him down and pours gas inside the well, blowing up the well and killing the Leprechaun. The police arrive where Tory is reunited with her father as the police investigate the remains of the well, where the Leprechaun vows he will not rest until he recovers every last piece of his gold.'] ["Dr. John Rollason , his wife, Helen , and assistant, Peter Fox , are guests of the Lama  of the monastery of Rong-ruk while on a botanical expedition to the Himalayas. A second expedition, led by Dr. Tom Friend  accompanied by trapper Ed Shelley ([[Robert Brown , photographer Andrew McNee  and Sherpa guide Kusang , arrives at the monastery in search of the legendary Yeti or Abominable Snowman. Rollason, despite the objections of his wife and the Lama, decides to join Friend's expedition. Whereas Rollason is motivated by scientific curiosity to learn more about the creature, Friend seeks fame and fortune and wants to capture a live Yeti and present it to the world's press. The expedition climbs high into the mountains and finds a set of giant footprints in the snow, evidence of the Yeti's existence. As the tensions between Rollason and Friend rise, McNee is injured by a bear trap laid by Friend to catch the Yeti and later dies in a fall. Kusang flees back to the monastery from where Helen and Fox decide to mount a rescue mission. Meanwhile, Shelley succeeds in shooting and killing a Yeti, an act that enrages the creature's fellows. When Shelley is killed in a failed attempt to catch a live specimen, Friend finally decides to cut his losses and leave with the body of the dead Yeti. The Yeti close in on the two survivors, however, and Friend is killed in an avalanche. Rollason takes refuge in an ice cave and watches in amazement as a number of Yeti arrive and take away the body of their fallen compatriot. He realises the Yeti are an intelligent species biding their time to claim the Earth when humanity has destroyed itself. The rescue party finds Rollason and brings him back to the monastery where, when questioned by the Lama, he claims the expedition found nothing."] ["In the small mining village of Kitamatsu, on the outskirts of Kyushu, two miners have gone missing. The two men, Goro and Yoshi, had brawled earlier that day, and no sooner had they entered the mine then the shaft had quickly flooded. Shigeru Kawamura , head of security at the mine, heads below to investigate. There, he and the local police make a gruesome discovery: Yoshi's lacerated corpse. Above ground, a doctor examines Yoshi, and discovers the cause of death to be a series of deep gashes caused by an abnormally sharp object. As some of the miners comfort Yoshi's wailing wife, the others discuss the possibility of Goro's involvement in the death. The two had never been friends, and had physically fought that morning. Also, Goro was still missing, and could be on the run or still be hiding in the mine. Shigeru warns them not to speak of this until the police investigation begins. Outside, Shigeru meets with his fiance Kiyo , who is also Goro's sister. He comforts her, telling her that he is sure of Goro's innocence. Inside the mine, three policemen stand guard at the edge of the water, knowing if Goro tries to escape, he will surely come that way . Suddenly, they hear a splash in the flooded mine, and venture into the water. As they wade deeper into the shaft, they get more and more nervous. All of a sudden, one of the policemen begins to scream and then disappears under the water. As the men are tied together, is is not to long before another is pulled under by something beneath the surface. The last policeman quickly unties himself and flees. However, before he can escape, he is cornered and attacked by someone, or something. Soon after, his body, along with the bodies of the other two policemen, are brought up and examined. The doctor announces that they, too, were killed by a sharp object that simply sliced them apart. Later that night, the wife of one of the murdered men runs to Kiyo's house and screams threats at her through the door, as she believes that her brother, Goro, is the killer. Shigeru soon arrives and comforts her, telling her that the officers that were killed were Goro's friends, and that he had no reason to kill them. Someone else, then, killed those men. As the two sit together, the answer to the question of who, or what, murdered the men suddenly reveals itself: a gigantic creature, resembling a gigantic insect larva, enters Kiyo's home, and both Kiyo and Shigeru flee. The police enter the home, but the giant insect forces them to flee. When they regroup, they chase the creature to the top of a hill and open fire with machine guns. The monster launches its self down the hillside and grabs two officers, clutching them in its pincers as it flees. It soon drops them and quickly escapes back into the mine. When the police and Shigeru reach the injured officers, they discover that their wounds match the wounds of the murdered policemen and Yoshi. They have found the killer. Soon after, Shigeru and a group of the metro-police head back into the mine to confront the insect monster and attempt to locate Goro, dead or alive. Unfortunately, as they enter the deepest part of the mine shaft, they discover the butchered body of Goro laying on the floor of the mine. As they approach, the giant insect emerges and chases the men back up the mine shaft. Taking action, Shigeru releases the mine cart, which rolls down the shaft and collides with the insect, crushing and killing it. Shigeru and the others then venture back into the shaft and remove Goro's body. They discover a large hole in the wall that opens up into a large cave. They realize that this is the hole through which the water and the giant insect emerged. As they peek through, they are noticed by not just one, but several more giant insects. However, before the monsters can attack, the ground begins to shake, and the mine begins to cave in. Shigeru is trapped in the cave, and the police can do nothing and the mine collapses. The next day, the police investigate the recent happenings. Dr. Kashiwagi identifies the giant insect as a Meganulon, an ancient species of dragonfly larvae that had lived on the Earth millions of years earlier. As the doctor reveals his findings, an earthquake suddenly strikes the area. Rumors begin to circulate that Mt. Aso, the volcano that eclipses Kitamatsu, might be on the verge of an eruption. When the police arrive at the base of the volcano to investigate the damage caused by the earthquake, they are shocked to discover a man wandering around the epicenter. When they reach him, they discover that it is Shigeru. However, he has received a blow to the head and has lost his memory. He is even unable to recognize Kiyo. The doctors are not optimistic about his chances for recovery, but nevertheless do their best to try to help him any way that they can. Several miles away, in Kyushu, an air base receives an alert from one of their jets. The pilot has observed an unidentified flying object performing impossible maneuvers at supersonic speeds. He is ordered to pursue the object at distance, but as he follows it, the object suddenly changes course and turns around. The object then flies straight towards the jet and destroys it. Soon after, reports from all over the world come in about the UFO. The strange object is observed flying over China, Philippines and Japan, and rumors of a secret military weapon test begin to circulate. Back in Japan, a newly married couple disappear, as well as several heads of cattle around Mt. Aso. When the authorities develop the film from the newlyweds' camera, they discover a photograph of what appears to be a gigantic wing. They match the photo with a drawing of a Pteranodon, an ancient reptile thought to be extinct millions of years earlier. Although the evidence seems to point to the Pteranodon as the culprit, the theory is dismissed as being too far fetched. Meanwhile, Shigeru's treatment is progressing slowly, but no one, especially not Kiyo, is giving up. One day, as Shigeru sits silently in his hospital room, Kiyo shows him the eggs that her pet birds have lain. As one of the eggs hatches, a terrible memory returns to Shigeru: Deep within the mine, Shigeru awoke after the cave in. Suddenly, he realized to his horror that he was surrounded by hundreds of Meganulon. The creatures crawled all around the cave, having survived millions of years underground. Shigeru then looked up and was shocked to see what appeared to be a giant egg sitting right in the middle of the cave. Suddenly, the egg began to stir, and then, all of a sudden, it hatched. From out of the fractured shell emerged a gigantic, winged creature with a sharp beak and a head like a bird of prey. Shigeru watched in horror as the enormous hatchling bent over and began to eat the Meganulon. The monstrous insects that had terrorized the town and had killed his friends were now nothing more than a snack to this new creature. With all of the Meganulon gone, the giant monster spread its wings and roared... Shigeru suddenly awakens, his memory restored. As he recovers from seeing the horrifying vision, Kiyo weeps with joy. Shigeru confirms that the creature he saw did indeed resemble a pteranodon, and that it had eaten all of the Meganulon. He and a group of police and scientists once again descend into the mine and enter the cave where the egg had been. They are able to recover a fragment of the shell before a rock slide forces them to flee back to the surface. In the lab, Dr. Kashiwagi is able to determine the size of the egg and its age: 200 million years old. After amassing the evidence, Kashiwagi calls a meeting with members of the town, along with members of the Japanese Self-Defence Force to communicate his findings. He tells the men that the UFO seen flying all across the world at supersonic speeds is a gigantic pteranodon he has dubbed Rodan. The 50 meter tall monster is capable of flying at extremely fast speeds, which create a sonic boom that more than likely led to the destruction of the jet that had first observed Rodan. Kashiwagi still has no explanation as to how the creature could have transversed the globe so quickly, and why reports of sightings occurred in multiple, distant countries at the same time. As to how Rodan could have resurfaced after millions of years is also a mystery, but Kashiwagi theorizes that nuclear bomb testing, which loosened the Earth and opened cavities to long buried crevices and caves, might be the culprit. However, Kashiwagi admits that this is only a guess. Soon after, Rodan emerges from the ground near Mt. Aso, near where the beast had hatched. The creature takes flight and begins to head for Kyushu, with a squadron of the JASDF hot on his tail. They pursue Rodan over the city, and eventually succeed in forcing him into the river. The flying reptile soon emerges, but his flight speed has been cut by half. Rodan flies over the buildings at Fukuoka, and the sonic wave created in its wake literally tears the structures apart. The flying monster lands in the city and flaps its wings, and the entire city is literally pulled down by its own weight. Fires spread, and the JSDF attempt in vain to fight the creature off. The men, and the machines, are simply blown away. Just when it seems things can't get worse, the JSDF reports that another Rodan has been spotted heading towards the city. With the mystery of the spread out sightings now revealed, the second Rodan now flies over and rips apart the buildings. After leveling the city and leaving the remaining buildings in flames, the monsters Rodan fly away, leaving thousands dead. The JSDF formulate a plan to attack the Rodans. After ascertaining their location at their old nest at the base of Mt. Aso, the military plan to shell the volcano and trigger an eruption that will trap the monsters under the lava and rock. However, Kitamatsu will be completely destroyed in the attack, and the town is forced to evacuate. The army prepares for the attack. Just moments before the strike is to begin, Shigeru looks out the window to see Kiyo climbing up the hill. He runs out to meet her, and she tells him that she has come to be with him. Rather than evacuate, she has risked her life to face the danger with the man she loves. The two leave the area and return to safety, and the military begins its attack. They launch rockets and torpedoes at the mountain, and soon the volcano begins to spew smoke and lava into the sky. One of the Rodans emerges, but is soon overcome by the fumes. As the second Rodan arrives on the scene, the first loses altitude and finally falls into the stream of lava flowing down the side of the volcano. The ancient reptile begins to scream in pain as it burns alive in the lava. The military, Dr. Kashiwagi, Shigeru and Kiyo watch from a safe distance as the still flying Rodan watches its companion die in agony. Suddenly, the second Rodan descends and lands with the first in the lava, and it too begins to burn. Rather then live on alone, the creature will die with its companion. Whether they be siblings or mates, the two Rodans lie dying together in the flowing lava. Kiyo buries her head in Shigeru's shoulder and weeps, and both Kashiwagi and Shigeru watch solemnly as the two monsters, each unwilling to live without the other, die together on the slopes of the erupting volcano."] ["After a sinister crash on the highway in a small New Mexican town, people start disappearing and animals begin dying. The cause of the crash is later revealed to be a 900-year old creature which was unearthed during an archaeological dig in the area. Meanwhile, a gas station owner informs a group of people that the gas tank never arrived, which meant that the small group needed to spend the night at the gas station. Sheriff Annie is called to investigate the crash, and finds a strange piece of evidence. Annie then takes it to the gas station, where Nodin investigates it. It is clearly not human, and has many elements of DNA in it. At the bar, Carla finds male customers dead in the back lot. She runs back into the bar, and the creature then breaks in. It first injures her arm, and then it eventually butchers her. Back at the gas station, Caya and Charlie are flirting inside the motel room. Ally goes outside to throw out some garbage, and encounters Grandpa, thinking Ally was a coyote rustling through the trash. Ally then returns to the motel, but before she can enter, the creature rips its claw into her torso. Ally's dead body is thrown back into the room and onto the stove. Her dead body burns, causing a fire, and a gas leak. Annie, Nodin, and Grandpa go into the room where the creature is outside banging on the walls. Grandpa is then killed, and Nodin begins to panic. Annie then knocks her unconscious and they go out to the truck, after the room explodes into flames. After battling the monster countlessly, most of the group is killed. At the end, Annie confronts the monster, and believes she kills it by smashing it against a water tank with her car but the monster was only made unconscious for a while. Annie injects herself with the poison containing uranium  that was prepared by Nodin in order to kill the monster. The monster kills Annie and dies itself as soon as it comes in contact with the uranium in the poison. The remaining survivors, Caya and Nodin, place Annie's body in the back of their truck. They then drive off, leaving the monster in the dirt, where it is most likely going to become buried again."] ['{{Empty section}} A Texas community is beset with a rash of mysterious killings involving some of the students from the local college. The sheriff investigating the deaths discovers the startling identity of the killer responsible for the murders. A NASA experiment involving cosmic rays has mutated an ape and turned it into an unstoppable killing machine with a thirst for blood.'] ['{{Expand section}} The evil Dr. Krupp , also known as "The Bat", plots to steal a valuable Aztec treasure from the tomb of a centuries-old living mummy, Popoca . Krupp builds a robot to defeat the mummy. Krupp\'s former colleague Dr. Eduardo Almada  and associates work to stop the mad scientist from creating his robot. The movie shows a notable lack of awareness of Mesoamerican civilizations, as it suggests the Aztecs practiced mummification and used hieroglyphics. In reality, they had no system of writing and practiced cremation and  simple burial. It was the Inca civilization that practiced mummification, and the Maya who had a system of hieroglyphics. Also, the mummy is depicted in the Egyptian style  rather than in the Inca style .'] ['When attendees at an ecological conference begin to report strange happenings, an event coordinator learns the gruesome truth: a slime-like organism is causing humans to behave in a terrifying manner. Together with a brave priest she must race against time to evacuate the guests before more fall victim to the horror that lurks underneath them.'] ['{{plot}} In 2004, the puppets along with the formula are now in the ownership of Andre Toulon\'s great-grandnephew Robert Toulon and his daughter Alexandra. Robert and his daughter are both very brainy and very childlike and collect, fix and build dolls and puppets for a living. Ever since Robert inherited his great-grandfather\'s puppets he has been trying to create his own life force potion based on Toulon\'s diary entries using alcohol and blood . One Christmas Eve Alex and Robert finally figure out how to make the potion and bring the puppets to life. Toulon explains to the awakened puppets who he is and they are quick to accept their new master. Meanwhile an evil toy manufacturer Erica Sharpe was apparently a spoiled child with a father who owned a toy factory and would do anything for her. When she begged her father for him to get her toys that live, when he couldn\'t get them he tried to live up to his goal as a nice father and went to the length of getting in contact with Bael  in which he made a deal to have toys that live in exchange for his soul. The toys which he was given were found in the darkest corners of hell and had previously raised a lot of havoc elsewhere. After Erica\'s father dies, the toy company is handed down to her. After getting fed up with her rude toy companions who fail to behave or follow any of her orders, she does some research and uncovers Andre Toulon\'s epic tale and learns of the living, loyal puppets who are now in the hands of a former employee at her toy factory that she fired Robert Toulon. She has had a secret spy camera in the Toulon residence for a long time and after watching Robert and Alex finally find the formula and bring them to life, she orders a team of thieves to break into the Toulon residence and retrieve the puppets, but when they do the puppets put up a fight and the workshop is set ablaze where the puppets are burnt by the accident from Six Shooter. Robert fixes up the puppets with new cyborg parts and powerful new weapons which will come very much in handy.Meanwhile, Erica leads a girl into her trap, by convincing her to open a Jack in the box, only to find out it is Jack Attack. The girl is then tortured by the toys, making Oopsie Daisy rip open her shirt and bite at her breasts. She is then lead to an iron maiden, and forced in there. Ericas servants activate the trap, and the spikes move forward and kill her. Her blood goes into a well which triggers a demon. Erica becomes bored of life and has another evil plan up her sleeve, using the help of a certain demon she mass-markets demonic toys which appear harmless on the outside, but on Christmas Day all the toys will awaken and kill. When Bael learns of Erica\'s obsession towards Robert Toulon\'s puppets he remembers that centuries ago a doctor by the name of Shaun Paul Toulon made a deal with him that he\'d hand over his soul for the secrets of alchemy but after Bael came to collect the soul it had apparently wandered deep into a black forest and become lost and entangled with an ancient oak. That very tree was the one Andre Toulon used to carve his first retro puppets. Still being a selfish unforgivable demon like Bael, Sean Paul Toulon\'s debt still needs to be paid off so he makes a deal with Erica that in exchange of Alex Toulon\'s life he will let her keep the Toulon puppets and bring all the evil toys to life. Robert Toulon discovers the spy camera and has the idea that the thieves who broke into his workshop are connected with Sharpe toys, he goes over to the factory to see what is going on, there he is ambushed by an evil living Baby doll . On Toulon\'s return he discovers his daughter has been kidnapped. Robert assist the help of a friendly police officer Sargent Jessica Russell who on Christmas Day with the puppets break into Sharpe toys and have a final fight with Erica Sharpe and her demonic minions and Toulon and his loyal puppets. The demonic toys are no match for the puppets and quickly dispatched. Robert frees his daughter from the hands of her evil kidnappers and at sunrise Erica fails to live up to her deal to bring Alex Toulon to Bael so instead of bringing the toys to life he takes Erica back to his kingdom in hell where she will become his loyal slave for all eternity, after that, Pinhead was wounded. Saving the day and perhaps the world, the Toulons, their puppets and Jessica head off into the sunrise singing and going out for a Christmas dinner. At the end Baby Oopsy Daisy somehow survived in the well and says "Merry Christmas my ass, and a crappy New Year!" He then pops down.'] [' The film chronicles a day in the life of two siblings, Trish  and her brother Darry Jenner . As they drive through the Florida countryside, a mysterious driver tries to run them off the road. They later see the same truck with a hulking man sliding what looks to be a body wrapped in blood stained sheets into a large pipe sticking out of the ground next to an old abandoned church. The driver, noticing Darry and Trish have seen him, catches up to them. After barely escaping, Darry insists they go back to the church and investigate. Darry proceeds to crawl inside the pipe with Trish holding on to him, but she loses her grip and he slides down the pipe. At the bottom, he finds hundreds of bodies sewn together. Darry finally finds a passage up through the church. He and Trish flee the scene and stop at a gas station where they contact the police. They are phoned by a strange woman who warns them that they are in terrible danger. Confused and frightened, they ignore her warning. Word arrives that the old church had gone up in flames. Trish and Darry rush out of the gas station with the police providing a security escort. As they travel, the police are attacked and killed by the mysterious driver of the old truck. The driver loads the policemen\'s bodies into his truck. Fleeing once again, Trish and Darry stop at a reclusive old woman\'s house, begging her to call the police. The woman complies, until she notices the driver hiding in her yard. She tries to kill him with her shotgun, but in the process, the driver attacks her and pursues Trish and Darry once again. Trish manages to hit the mysterious driver with their car, and run him over several times. After crushing his body and seemingly killing him, they are horrified to see a giant wing tear through the driver\'s trenchcoat and flap frantically in the air. Leaving it on the road, they drive to the local police station to wait for their parents, when they receive another visitor; Jezelle Gay Hartman. She reveals herself as the woman who phoned Darry and Trish previously at the diner. Jezelle tells them the true nature of the mysterious creature: it is an ancient immortal demon known as the "The Creeper", which hunts every twenty-third spring for twenty three days to feast on human body parts which, upon consumption, form part of its own body. She also tells them that it seeks out its victims through fear, and that by smelling the fear from Trish and Darry, it has found something it likes, but she does not know what. The wounded Creeper attacks the police station and gains entrance to the cells. Jezelle, Trish and Darry attempt to escape but find themselves trapped. Jezelle warns that one of them will die a horrible death, while the song "Jeepers Creepers" plays on a phonograph in the background. Darry demands to know which one of them, and she looks to Trish. The three are then discovered by the Creeper, and are separated. The Creeper heads towards Jezelle and sniffs her intently, but lets her go, and heads off to find Trish and Darry. After a lengthy chase, the Creeper corners both Trish and Darry in an upstairs room. After sniffing  them, the Creeper throws Trish aside and chooses Darry. Trish tries to reason with it, and offers to give her life for her brother\'s. The police burst in and take aim, but the Creeper escapes out the window, flying away with Darry. The next day, Trish, contemplating Darry\'s fate, is picked up by her parents, and Jezelle returns home in regret. The final scene shows the Creeper in its new hideout, an abandoned factory, where the audience finally learns what the Creeper wanted: by ripping out the back of Darry\'s head, it has taken his eyes, leaving Darry\'s body an eyeless, motionless corpse, while "Jeepers Creepers" is playing in the background. The film ends with Creeper looking at the audience through Darry\'s eye socket, now with Darry\'s brown eyes. In a brief post-credits scene, the Creeper\'s truck is shown hurtling down the road at sunset, blaring its horn.'] ['Anthropological professor Conrad Hamilton attempts to study a new species of primate, possibly the missing link between humanity and the great ape, found in a hidden valley deep within the jungles of Thailand. Hamilton\'s initial research team tries to capture one of these new  primates, but fail and are all killed. Hamilton and his assistant Chenne, who survive because they are away from the camp site, scour the area looking for clues and remains of their team. Meanwhile, another research team is inbound, this one a crew of college anthropology students with no idea of what they\'re in for. The students, Seth, Amy, Greg, Sydney, Josh, and Dani, are flown into a remote region of the Thai jungle, and picked up by a guide who drives them deeper into bush. He drops them off in a panic at the edge of trail/road, which leads further still into the foliage, claiming "bad things" are in there and won\'t go any further. He heads back the way he came, leaving the students to march forth into the unknown. They walk until they reach the end of trail and set up camp. As evening sets in, noises from the jungle raise suspicion until a set of glowing green eyes can be seen close by, watching. Just before the unknown creature attacks, Chenne arrives with a flare that scares off the unseen menace. Chenne escorts the students to the relative safety of Professor Hamilton\'s camp, and the following day they meet the obsessed man and somewhat learn of his mission and their purpose. Hamilton professes of dream findings in an uncharted valley located deep within the jungle and their potential for career-launching documentation. He has Chenne confiscate their mobile phones and hand out information bracelets for each member that contain all of their emergency contact info, then he leads the slightly unwilling team to the valley entrance. After a pep talk, Hamilton convinces the students to continue and rappel down the cliffside and into the valley, although Josh is injured during the process. On their first night in the valley, Hamilton passes around a skull and explains that it belongs to the creature he\'s looking for. The students cannot identify the skull since its characteristics are both human and primate in nature, but nearly twice the size of any known human or primate cranium. They are soon interrupted by a bloody survivor from the original research team, who Hamilton and Chenne quickly shelter and care for. The man dies shortly afterward, and Hamilton tells Chenne that the creatures let him go as a warning. During the night, Sydney visits the outhouse, only to be dragged away into the jungle. The next morning, Hamilton tells the team that Sydney came to him scared and homesick and wanted to go home, so Hamilton has Chenne take her out of the jungle, leaving everyone suspicious. However, in another part of the jungle, Chenne is dragging Sydney through the brush and eventually leaves her, battered and beaten. Sydney eventually stumbles into an unseen creature that tears the right side of her face off. The team continues to follow Hamilton and Chenne, who appear to be tracking something with a GPS reader. Unknown to the students, Hamilton is tracking each of the students by a hidden chipset in each of their bracelets. At the moment, he is tracking Sydney\'s bracelet. The team eventually demands more information about their expedition, and Hamilton comes mostly clean. The students remain unaware that they are being tracked, but resolve to steal the AK-47 in Hamilton\'s possession and maintain control of the situation to themselves. Seth begins leaving a trail through jungle by tying off pieces of cloth to trees. On their third night, while the students are beginning to fashion their plan for the following day, a foul-smelling rain begins pouring down on their tents. Just as they recognize the smell as urine, Josh is yanked out of his tent and dragged up into the trees. Panic sets in as the team scatters and begins following his screams through the jungle. As Greg attempts to save Josh, Chenne accidentally shoots him, but then proceeds to tie him to a tree as bait. She camps out nearby with her gun, but one of the monsters sneaks up on Chenne and kills her before mauling Greg. Hamilton runs across Seth during the chaos and knocks him unconscious after listening to his complaints. Hamilton locates the two remaining students, Dani and Amy, and continues his venture, ordering Dani to document everything with her video camera. Believing themselves to be the only survivors, both girls have little choice other than to follow the professor in hopes of being rescued. The professor successfully tracks Sydney\'s bracelet and finds it still attached to her severed arm which is dangling from a tree. Hamilton examines an apparent rigging done to the tree, only to spring a trap which results in several bamboo shoots impaling him through the back. He delivers a final address to the girls before he dies. Just as they turn to run, Seth appears, to their delight. They run back to their campsite, only to find it cleared of their tents and equipment. Completely panicked, they keep running while the creatures seem to be following close by in the brush and in the trees. Dani is soon pulled up into the trees and killed, leaving Seth and Amy. They run further still and reach a cave, where they see Seth’s entire cloth trail assembled and attached to the opening. They go into the cave and use a the night vision from Dani\'s video camera to move around. At least one of the creatures follows them into the cave, grabs Seth and kills him. Amy sheds light on one of the creatures for the first time, revealing it to be a huge gorilla with a bloody set of fangs. Several more gorillas enter the cave and Amy screams in terror as one of them bears down on her and kills her.{{cite web}}'] ['Chloe Severin, a student of archaeology in the first semester, is participating in an excavation under the direction of Professor Vernet. According to legend, the heavily wooded location, Brocéliande, is the burial sight of King Arthur and the wizard Merlin. Soon after their arrival, a series of mysterious murders begins to thin the ranks of the participants, all victims brandishing wounds from Druids sickles. Upon pursuing the mystery and the excavation, Chloe encounters a very lively pagan cult and its horned priest.Brocéliande - Film de Doug Headline avec Cédric Chevalme'] ["Ex-con John Martense  returns to his childhood home of Lefferts Corner after serving time for a crime he didn't commit. Martense visits family friend Knaggs , a mortician who has been holding half of a map for him. The map leads to a graveyard where Martense's father hid the money from his last heist. Arriving at an abandoned church, Martense is confronted by Cathryn , a young woman seeking revenge for the murder of her sister, and town doctor Dr. Haggis . This group is quickly joined by a trio of criminals who are looking to find the money John's father stole from them. What everyone is not aware of are the humanoid creatures lurking underneath the holy grounds."] ["{{plot}} The film opens with a group of scientists being killed by a mutant, Pluto. A few years later, Ethel Carter  and her husband, Bob Carter  are traveling from Cleveland, Ohio to San Diego, California. Along with them is their daughter Brenda , son Bobby , eldest daughter Lynn , her husband Doug Bukowski , their baby Catherine , and the German Shepherds, Beauty and Beast. They encounter a gas station attendant, Fred , who gives the family's car gas and gives them some advice for their trip. After driving a few miles, the tires are punctured by a hidden barb belt. Bob returns to the petrol station for a tow truck. Beauty runs into the hills and Bobby chases after her, eventually finding her carcass. Frightened, he runs, slips and falls, going unconscious. A young female mutant named Ruby  comes across him and is intrigued, while her brother Goggle  chews on the dead dog. When Bob reaches the petrol station, he finds the hysterical attendant, Fred, who ultimately commits suicide. In fear, Bob tries to flee but gets attacked by the mutant leader, Papa Jupiter . He is carried off into the mining caves by Jupiter, along with Jupiter's eldest son, Lizard , and Pluto. When Bobby awakes, he returns and does not tell his family of Beauty. As the family tries to sleep, Pluto sneaks into the trailer and attempts to rape Brenda. The others discover that Bob has been tied to a tree and set on fire. Doug unties Bob, but he is already dead by then. Lizard slips inside the trailer, throws Pluto off, and rapes Brenda himself. Lynn returns to the trailer and is greeted by Lizard and Pluto, who are holding Catherine and Brenda. Lizard tears Lynn's blouse, removes her bra and begins drinking milk from her breasts. Ethel attempts to pulverize Lizard but he shoots her. After Lizard shoots her mother, Lynn, attempting to fight back, stabs Lizard in the leg with a screwdriver. Lizard, grimacing in pain,non-chalantly points the gun at Lynn's head, shooting her and killing her. The gun is out of bullets before Lizard can shoot Brenda, and he and Pluto flee with Catherine. Doug and Bobby return to the trailer and discover the bodies. After this, the mutant Goggle is spying on the Carter family, and he is attacked by Beast, who rips open his throat, killing him. Beast also tears off Goggle's arm, which still has the walkie-talkie that Goggle uses, he takes the arm back to the Carter family later. The next morning, Doug goes off in pursuit of their attackers. He finds an abandoned nuclear testing village and enters the house where Catherine is kept. He is knocked unconscious by Big Mama , and awakes in an icebox filled with human body parts. He frees himself and tries to find Catherine, only to encounter Big Brain . Big Brain tells him the story of the mutants, who were mutated by the fallout from the nuclear tests. Doug is then attacked by Pluto and loses two fingers in the ensuing struggle. He momentarily distracts Pluto and then, stabs his foot with a blade, impales his throat with a U.S. flag, and kills him with the blade of his own axe. Doug surprises the mutant Cyst  outside and uses Pluto's axe to kill him, while Big Brain is ultimately killed by Beast. Lizard takes a cleaver and prepares to kill Catherine, but finds that instead of Catherine, it is a pig. Ruby takes Catherine and runs into the hills; Lizard chases her, enraged by her deceit. Doug starts chasing Ruby as well. At the trailer, Ethel's body is dragged into the hills and Bobby finds Papa Jupiter eating Ethel's heart. Jupiter pursues Bobby to the trailer, where Brenda releases gas from the propane tanks. Bobby binds Papa Jupiter's hand to the window and he and Brenda escape. The trailer then explodes. In the hills, Ruby is about to return Catherine to Doug when Lizard attacks. Lizard hits Doug with the spike strip repeatedly, apparently knocking Doug out. Lizard catches back up to Ruby but Doug comes and brutally beats him with the shotgun, with which he shoots him 3 times. Ruby gives Catherine back to Doug, who does not notice Lizard stand up, having survived. Ruby throws herself at Lizard, plunging them over a cliff, to stop Lizard from shooting Doug and Catherine, and sacrificing herself in the process. Bobby and Brenda walk through the ruins of the trailer and find Papa Jupiter still alive, though impaled. Brenda kills Papa Jupiter with a pickaxe and then spots Doug with Catherine and Beast. The four are reunited. As they celebrate their apparent victory, a pair of anonymous binoculars watches from the hills."] ['In a small town in the Deep South, "Bubba" Ritter , a large but gentle mentally challenged man, befriends young Marylee Williams, . Some of the townspeople are upset by the friendship between Marylee and Bubba, and the brooding, mean-spirited postman Otis Hazelrigg  is the worst. When Marylee is almost killed by a vicious dog  and lies unconscious at a doctor\'s office, Otis promptly assumes that Bubba has murdered  her. Otis and three friends - gas station attendant Skeeter Norris and farmer-cousins Philby and Harliss Hocker - form a lynch mob. They chase Bubba to his mother \'s house. She believes her son and they play "the Hiding Game": disguising Bubba as a scarecrow and posting him in a nearby field to wait for the drama to cool down. Otis\' bloodhounds sniff Bubba out, however, and all four vigilantes empty multiple rounds from their guns into him, killing him. Afterwards, they discover that Marylee is in fact alive, thanks to Bubba, whom they have just murdered. Acting fast, Otis places a pitchfork in Bubba\'s lifeless hands to make it appear as if he were attacking them with a weapon. In court, Otis and his fellow vigilantes swear they acted in self-defense. Bubba\'s mother denounces her son\'s killers before the courtroom, stating, "You may think that you\'re getting off free, but there\'s other justice in this world, besides the law!" only to be ejected by the bailiff. Sam Willock, the local district attorney, does not believe the vigilantes\' self-defense story, but he cannot make the murder case stick due to a lack of witnesses. The vigilantes go free, but Sam calls after them: "Hazelrigg, just a minute. I want to tell you "men" one thing. I think you executed that man. And I promise you this; If I ever find a single shred of evidence, I\'ll see every one of you on Death row!" A day later, Harliss finds a scarecrow in his fields like the one Bubba was hidden in. Neither Harliss nor his wife can figure out how it got there as neither of them placed it. That evening, the scarecrow has disappeared. As he begins his walk up the steps to his front door, the wood chipper begins to run, and a light comes on in the barn. At first, Harliss believes Sam has invited himself over, walks to the barn, and shuts off the chipper. As he investigates, he climbs up the hayloft to confront what he now believes is the district attorney snooping around his barn. Walking on the support beam, he is startled as the wood chipper is mysteriously reactivated. Losing his balance, he grabs the cord of the light that is hanging in the barn. Screaming, he calls for his wife. No longer able to hang on as the sparks from the light shower him, he loses his grip on the light and dies after falling into the chipper. The next morning, Skeeter and Philby inform Otis of Harliss\'s mysterious death. The trio investigate, and find the thresher is no longer operational. Otis figures it must have run out of gas, but when its tank proves to be nearly full, he jumps to another conclusion. The next morning, he visits Mrs. Ritter and accuses her of killing his friend, although he cannot prove anything. She denies the charges, but says that all four of the men will get their just deserts promptly enough . When Philby discovers a scarecrow like the one Bubba was dressed as in his field, Otis acts fast. He breaks into Mrs. Ritter\'s house as she sits before her lit fireplace and grabs her from behind, demanding that she explain what\'s going on with the scarecrows. But she cannot tell him anything because she has suffered a heart attack as he tries to muffle her screams. To cover his tracks, Otis turns Mrs. Ritter\'s gas stove on full, then walks out. As the gas reaches the fireplace the house explodes, again leaving nothing for Sam to use against Otis. That night at his farm, Philby notices that the "Bubba" scarecrow  in his field has gotten off its field-post, and is walking toward him. Panicking, Philby locks himself in a grain silo. The scarecrow jams the silo door, trapping Philby inside, and then turns on the conveyor belt feeding into the silo. Philby is buried in grain and perishes. The next day, Skeeter is ready to turn himself in rather than face the scarecrow\'s wrath. Yet Otis remains convinced that it\'s all a hoax by somebody seeking to avenge the Ritter murders. To verify said theory, Otis and Skeeter break into the local cemetery that night. They dig up Bubba\'s coffin and open it. Bubba is inside . Otis has to wrestle Skeeter to stop him from fleeing in terror. They agree to fill the grave back in. But as Skeeter is nailing the coffin shut again, Otis kills him from behind by striking his head with a shovel. Otis re-buries both corpses and then drives off, back towards town. En route home, Otis finds Marylee alone at roadside, and chases her into a pumpkin patch. He grabs Marylee and accuses her of masterminding the scarecrow murders. Suddenly, a combination payloader/plowing machine starts up nearby and chases Otis through the pumpkin patch, snapping its shovel and turning pumpkins to pulp.  As he flees, Otis accidentally runs into the Bubba-Scarecrow, still holding the pitchfork, on which Otis has just impaled himself. Otis sinks to his knees and points at the Scarecrow, who nods, before keeling over dead. The scarecrow walks off through the pumpkin patch and finds Marylee, to whom he hands a flower. She says: "Thank you, Bubba. You know what? Tomorrow, I think I\'ll teach you a new game. Did I ever show you how to play the Chasing Game? It\'s fun. You\'ll love it. It\'s sort of like playing tag..." Note: "With its 1981 release “Dark Night of the Scarecrow” was the first feature length horror film with a scarecrow as its centerpiece. In the intervening years many have copied this image, but with “Dark Night of the Scarecrow” writer J.D. Feigelson is credited as creator of the entire “Killer Scarecrow” horror film sub-genre." Aaron Crowell Managing Editor HorrorHound Magazine'] ['The film, which claims to be a true story, sets out to detail the existence of the "Fouke Monster", a bigfoot-like creature that has reportedly been seen by residents of a small Arkansas community since the 1950s. It is described as having a foul odor, completely covered in reddish-brown hair and having 3 toes and also known by leaving tracks found in beanfields. Several locals from the small town of Fouke, Arkansas recall their stories, often appearing as themselves, claiming that the creature has killed several large hogs as well as other animals. In one scene, a kitten is shown as having been "scared to death" by the creature. The narrator informs us that while people have shot at the creature in the past, it has always managed to escape. In another scene, hunters attempt to pursue the creature with dogs, but the dogs refuse to give chase. A police constable states that while driving home one night, the creature suddenly ran across the road in front of him. In a later sequence, culled from the actual newspaper accounts inspiring the film, the creature is shown menacing a family in a remote country house. After being fired upon, the creature attacks, sending one family member to the hospital.'] ["{{Plot}} The film opens with an animated prologue revealing the origins of leprechauns, stating that they were summoned by a king to protect his gold. After the death of the king the Leprechauns returned to their places of origin, all except one  who remained in the mortal world and through the ages slowly became corrupted and obsessed with the treasure he still guarded. In the present, Father Jacob  is chased through the construction site of the youth center he had planned on building by the Leprechaun, whose gold Jacob had taken to fund the building project. Using four-leaf clover laced holy water Jacob manages to banish the Leprechaun, summoning demonic hands which drag him underground, but soon after drops dead of injuries inflicted by the Leprechaun during the fight. One year later, two friends, Emily Woodrow  and Lisa Duncan , have their fortune told when the clairvoyant Esmeralda  who warns them that they will attain great wealth soon, but it must be denied as it will come at a great price and summon a terrible evil. While having a barbecue at the abandoned youth center construction site with Lisa, their stoner friend Jamie Davis  and her ex-boyfriend-turned-drug dealer Rory Jackson , Emily falls through a hole and discovers the Leprechaun's gold in an old tunnel where it was hidden by Father Jacob. Evenly splitting up the gold, the quartet of friends use it to fulfill their fantasies, unaware that by taking the gold they have released the Leprechaun, who begins stalking the group . At the salon where Emily works the Leprechaun sneaks in and, after killing a regular customer, Doria, on the massage table by breaking her neck, attacks Emily, who barely escapes and warns Rory and the recently released Jamie, who rush to get to Lisa's. In her house, Lisa is attacked by the Leprechaun and manages to fight him off for a short while, but is killed when the Leprechaun claws her in the stomach, with her friends finding her body moments later. While Emily and Jamie want to return the gold, Rory does not and takes off with it; shortly after realizing Rory is gone, Emily is attacked and chased outside by the Leprechaun, but is saved when Rory has a change of heart and comes back for her. Searching for Rory the Leprechaun stops by his house and kills Rory's profligate girlfriend Chanel  by tearing out her upper jaw, reclaiming the gold she used to make a tooth while Rory and Emily are stopped and harassed by Officers Thompson  and Whitaker . After the Leprechaun appears and kills the two officers, Emily and Rory escape and regroup with Jamie, only to be confronted by a machine gun wielding group of Rory's drug-dealing rivals, led by Watson  and Cedric . Planning on executing Rory for infringing on their territory, Watson and his gang are all disposed of by the Leprechaun, while Emily, Rory and Jamie drive off in Watson's car  and go looking for help from Esmeralda. Advised to use four-leaf clovers against the Leprechaun by Esmeralda, Rory laces the hollow-point bullets of his gun with clovers Jamie finds in the marijuana Rory had earlier sold him. When the Leprechaun arrives, Rory shoots him several times with the clover bullets, only for his gun to jam before he can finish the Leprechaun off. Rory and Emily are given the chance to run with the gold when the Leprechaun is distracted by Jamie, who is quickly wounded with a baseball bat to the leg, and Esmeralda dies in a magical duel with the Leprechaun. Followed to the roof of the building, Rory tries fighting the Leprechaun and is knocked out, though before the Leprechaun can kill him, Emily taunts him by throwing some of his gold into nearby wet cement and lures him into the ruins of the youth center, where she tosses his gold into a furnace before knocking the Leprechaun in with it. Believing the Leprechaun is dead, Emily returns to Rory, only for the recovered Leprechaun to renew his attack on them. Knocking Emily off the roof and leaving her barely holding on, the Leprechaun taunts her, but is shot several times in the middle of his speech by Rory, who had fixed his gun. Shooting the Leprechaun repeatedly, Rory runs out of bullets, but distracts him long enough for Emily to hit the Leprechaun with the chest of coins, sending him plummeting off the rooftop and into the wet cement below, where the Leprechaun sinks and becomes trapped with his gold. The movie then cuts back to the animated prologue like the one at the beginning, and the Leprechaun digs himself out of the ground, leaving a cliffhanger ending."] ["Dr. Eric Vornoff , is experimenting with nuclear power with the help of his mute assistant, Lobo . His goal is to eventually create an army of superpowered soldiers that he will use to conquer the earth. Their residence, an old mansion, is guarded by a giant octopus of Dr. Vornoff's own creation which lives in the surrounding swamp. The Octopus  has been responsible for the deaths of local townspeople. Newspaper reporter Janet Lawton  investigates further, becoming a prisoner of Dr. Vornoff in the process. The police eventually follow, led by lieutenant Dick Craig , who is also Lawton's boyfriend. Meanwhile, an official from Dr. Vornoff's home country, Professor Strowksi , arrives and tries to persuade him to return to their homeland in hopes that his research will benefit their nation. However, Strowski is killed and Lobo unwittingly turns Dr. Vornoff into an atomic-powered superhuman being. A fire is soon started in the laboratory, killing Lobo. Police officials, the irradiated Dr. Vornoff, Dick Craig and Janet Lawton all escape, and Dr. Vornoff is eventually killed by a bolt of lightning, forming a mushroom cloud as the film ends."] ["Dr. Jennifer Allen  in Baltimore, Maryland wants to find a cure for a disease known as the Gillian virus, a disease similar yet more deadly than the West Nile virus. She and a colleague capture infected mosquitoes and give them small doses of radiation. She explains that the levels have to be exact because if the mosquitoes receive too much radiation, the results could be more devastating than the virus itself. A convict named Ray  joins Dr. Allen's program in exchange for his lifelong prison sentence. He takes a hostage and convinces Dr. Allen to open the door to the experiment room. The security guards open fire and cause an explosion that showers Ray and Dr. Allen with the chemicals and the genetically altered mosquitoes. Ray manages to flee the scene. He begins to transform into the titular monster, a deformed chimera of himself and a mosquito, yet he manages to find his way to his ex girlfriend's apartment, where the process continues. When the ex comes home, she finds it in ruins. She and Ray have a short, anxious conversation before Ray's transformation is complete and he kills her. Meanwhile Dr. Allen returns home with her boyfriend, Lt. Tom Randall . That evening, she notices her wrist is red and raw-looking. She thinks little of it, but next morning, it has spread to her entire arm. Later, while kissing Tom, she has a sudden craving for blood and bites him. He is called to Ray's girlfriend apartment and leaves. Dr. Allen rushes into the bathroom to find her arm bleeding. She convulses, falls to the floor and her skin starts to bubble. Tom arrives at the crime scene and is puzzled by the way Ray's girlfriend died. He is called to investigate another crime scene, where he encounters Mansquito. The monster seems unstoppable, until Tom shocks him with a stun gun, making him flee in pain. Tom's partner doesn't believe him at first but puts a bulletin out on the creature. At the research station, Dr. Allen discovers she is also changing into a human-mosquito hybrid, but more slowly as she received a smaller dose than Ray. Mansquito appears but doesn't try to kill her, and after she faints, the monster leaves. Tom takes her to the hospital. The doctor wants to give Dr. Allen a blood transfusion to slow down the transformation, but she replies that nothing can stop the mutation. She believes the monster sensed that she is turning into a creature like him and that once the transformation is complete, he will want to mate with her. Outside, a guard falls victim to the monster and Tom leaves to investigate. Mansquito undergoes another transformation, this time growing wings. Dr. Allen also undergoes another transformation and alerts the officers of Mansquito's arrival. They fail to stop him. The monster heads for Dr. Allen, but she manages to escape. Tom fires a rocket launcher at the oxygen tanks behind Mansquito and assumes the creature was killed by the explosion, but that is not the case. Meanwhile, back at the lab, Dr. Allen undergoes yet another transformation and releases the last batch of genetically altered mosquitoes, which have been perfected. Tom arrives and Dr. Allen tells him that Mansquito is still alive. She tries to commit suicide by stabbing herself with a syringe, because without a mate, Mansquito will die. The monster arrives and Tom fights him to no avail. Dr. Allen is seriously injured by Mansquito, who is now focused on killing her rather than mating with her. Tom uses the stun gun and once again, it works. Seeing this, Dr. Allen breaks an electrical line and electrocutes Mansquito and herself to death. Tom writes a report about the incident and the Gillian virus is wiped out by the altered mosquitoes."] ["Mr. Tako, head of Pacific Pharmaceuticals, is frustrated with the television shows his company is sponsoring and wants something to boost his ratings. When a doctor tells Tako about a giant monster he discovered on the small Faro Island, Tako believes that it would be a brilliant idea to use the monster to gain publicity. Tako immediately sends two men, Sakurai and Kinsaburo, to find and bring back the monster from Faro. Meanwhile, the American submarine Seahawk gets caught in an iceberg. Unfortunately, this is the same iceberg that the mutant dinosaur Godzilla was trapped in by the Japanese Self-Defense Forces back in 1955, and the submarine is destroyed by the monster. As an American rescue helicopter circles the iceberg, Godzilla breaks out and heads towards a nearby Arctic military base, attacking it. The base itself is ineffective against Godzilla. He continues moving inland, razing the base to the ground, and sends the tank armory up in flames. Godzilla's appearance is all over the press, making Tako furious. On Faro Island, a giant octopus  attacks the native village. The mysterious Faro monster is then revealed to be the giant gorilla, King Kong and he arrives and defeats the octopus. King Kong then drinks some red berry juice, becomes intoxicated, and then falls asleep. Sakurai and Kinsaburo place Kong on a large raft and begin to transport him back to Japan. Back at Pacific Pharmaceuticals, Tako is finally glad because Kong is now all over the press instead of Godzilla. Mr. Tako arrives on the ship transporting Kong, but a JSDF ship stops them and orders them to return Kong to Faro Island. Godzilla had just come ashore in Japan and destroyed a train, and the JSDF doesn't want another monster entering Japan. Unfortunately, during all this, Kong wakes up from his drunken state and breaks free from the raft. Reaching the mainland, Kong meets up with Godzilla in a valley. Tako, Sakurai, and Kinsaburo have difficulty avoiding the JSDF to watch the fight. Eventually they find a spot. Kong throws some large rocks at Godzilla, but Godzilla shoots his atomic breath at Kong's chest, forcing the giant ape to retreat. The JSDF desperately tries everything to stop Godzilla from entering Tokyo. In a fielded area outside the city, they dig a large pit laden with explosives and lure Godzilla into it, but Godzilla is unharmed. They next string up a barrier of power lines around the city filled with a 1,000,000 volts of electricity . The electricity is too much for Godzilla, who then moves away from the city towards the Mt. Fuji area. Later at night, Kong approaches Tokyo. He tears through the power lines, feeding off the electricity which seems to make him stronger. Kong then attacks Tokyo and holds Fumiko, a woman from a train and Sakurai's sister, hostage. The JSDF explodes capsules full of the berry juice from Faro Island and knock out Kong, while Sakurai rescues Fumiko. The JSDF then decides to transport Kong via balloons to Godzilla, in hope that they will fight each other to their deaths. The next morning, King Kong is dumbo-dropped onto the summit of Mt. Fuji from the balloon air-lift, meets up with Godzilla, and the two begin to fight. Godzilla has the advantage at first, eventually knocking Kong down with a vicious drop kick, and battering the gorilla unconscious with powerful tail attacks to his forehead. When Godzilla tries to kill Kong with his atomic breath, an electrical storm arrives and revives Kong, giving him the power of an electric grasp. The two begin to fight again, with the revitalized Kong swinging Godzilla around by his tail, shoving a tree into Godzilla's mouth, and judo tossing him over his shoulder. The brawl between the two monsters continues all the way down to the coastline. Eventually the monsters tear through Atami Castle and Kong drags Godzilla into the Pacific Ocean. After an underwater battle, only King Kong emerges from the water and begins to slowly swim back home to Faro Island. As Kong swims home, onlookers aren't sure if Godzilla survived the underwater fight, but speculate that it was possible."] ['The film follows real-life animal tracker Ivan Marx as he attempts to capture the legendary Bigfoot on film. His search takes him across the United States, culminating in him finally filming Bigfoot near a river. Throughout the film, Marx relates many stories about both Bigfoot and his own life as a tracker. {{Expand section}}'] ['{{Plot}} This is a \'so bad it\'s great\' hilarious schlock thriller! Sometimes Voted \'The Worst Australian Film Ever\' with an award winning music score by Brian Mannix, great comedy by drummer and comedian Des McKenna aka "Animal from Hey Hey Its Saturday" and a nude Cameo by Scarlett deMasson. There are many good things about this film but one thing that stood out was Gavin Wood. Most of his lines seem completely improvised and his performance was one of the best. PLOT summary; A film crew composed of media types and party animals from the city embark on a road trip to record music videos of a hard-living rock band at rural Lake Infinity. A hitchhiker is shocked by the grisly discovery of her friend\'s dead body. Alone and forced to run through dense scrubland to escape an unseen assailant, she fails to evade the killer and is stabbed multiple times. The visiting rock band with film crew, stop for fuel at a petrol station and is given an uneasy reception by locals who seem wary or suspicious of outsiders. They leave to meet the rest of the crew at a river where houseboats have been hired for transport and accommodation. Further deaths come as a surprise to viewers as sneaking creep at the petrol station gives the impression he may be the killer. The band members go looking for mushrooms but find only toadstools, one leaves to rejoin the rest of the crew. The crew member who continues the search for mushrooms is stabbed by the killer, and the staff member returning to camp is alarmed by a bright flashlight shined into his eyes. Assuming it his fellow crew member playing jokes, he admonishes him with the words "don\'t fuck around!" A strange woman who told the crew about the fire is then seen talking to the mysterious assailant, explaining that if he continues, he will be taken away from her. The bodies of the couple shot by harpoon and stabbed through the neck are then discovered, and the remaining crew lock doors and windows. They make plans to contact police, only to learn that another staff member had accidentally dropped their portable phone into the water while partying. The assailant, credited as "Acid Head" and played by Zlatko Kasumovic, then slices the director\'s fingers off and splits his head in half. A further crew member gets stabbed, although we later discover that his injuries are not fatal, and a blonde woman has her neck broken. Another female staff member tries to escape through the woods on the riverbank, during which time she discovers the bodies of the missing film-makers who left the crew\'s campfire after the first night of filming. By morning, the woman is still running. The crew member stabbed non-fatally unties one of the houseboats, and he and the woman make plans to escape. The end credits roll and subtitles tell that "on October&nbsp;17, Peace and Tranquility returned to Lake Infinity...FOR A TIME". Acid Head\'s arm and fist are then seen emerging sharply and victoriously from the waters of Lake Infinity, indicating that he has survived the attempts on his life and is still at large.'] ["Business man Sam, his wife Liz and his brother musician Nick with his girlfriend Christine are driving through a remote countryside. Nick, not wanting to arrive at their father's birthday dinner after them is driving erratically and fast, but when he takes a shortcut to a back road through some woodlands. Several miles in, the tire gets a flat and they are unable to get cell phone signals to call for help. While repairing the car, Sam confronts Nick about how he thinks Nick is wasting his life being a musician, his latest fling with Christine being another mistake on his judgement list. As they are arguing, they are approached by a grizzly bear. Despite efforts of Nick to convince the group to calmly leave, Sam takes matters into his own hands and shoots the bear down with a handgun. After the bear dies, they are approached by a larger male bear who charges them in revenge, causing them to retreat into their car. In his rage, the bear overturns the car, trapping the humans inside. After striding around for several minutes, the bear leaves, allowing the crew to turn the car back over. But as they start driving, the axles break under both sets of tires, stranding them again. The group tries to leave on foot, but they are ambushed by the bear who chases them to an out-of-ground pipe. He tricks them into leaving for the car again and attacks again; this time he is able to catch Christine who is killed then dragged away while the others watch. Nick begins to think that the bear is taking out his revenge on them one-by-one due to a native American legend that bears are actually the reincarnated spirits of shaman and are capable of human thoughts and emotion. Sam dismisses this and they set a trap to try to keep the bear in the car in order for them to escape. The trap is sprung, but Nick is nearly killed by the bear, forcing Sam and Liz to release the bear and retreat back into the vehicle themselves. Sam opts as a marathon runner to jog the several miles to the restaurant, but when he arrives he is attacked before he can get help by the bear who followed him. Meanwhile, Liz tells Nick that she and Sam have been having serious financial troubles which has caused a rift in their marriage putting him into extraordinary debt and possibly under scrutiny for embezzlement from Sam's company, which is the reason he gave their father a Porsche . Sam is returned rather violently by the bear and released to climb into the car. Nick surmises there must be a reason Sam had been returned, and Liz reveals to him that she's pregnant. But it was established earlier that due to the rift in their marriage, they hadn't slept together in about six months while she is two months pregnant. Nick realizes that he is the father, due to an affair he and Liz had months prior which breaks Sam's heart and Nick realizes the true reason the bear had locked all three of them together; Sam, realizing that Liz might be happier with Nick offers to sacrifice himself and attack the bear so the other two can escape, as he is dying, Nick rushes to help and is killed as well. The bear approaches Liz, who sinks to her knees as the bear sniffs her, closing her eyes ready to die. But the attack never comes, and the bear instead leaves her alone, likely having sensed her pregnancy. As she begins down the road by herself, the camera turns to the bodies of Sam and Nick lying next to each other and the screen goes black."] ["Long ago in the Iron Age a shadow loomed over the lonely village of Thena. For every three years, eight village youths are stolen from their families to the capital of the Minos' Empire and placed in the underground labyrinth to be a sacrifice to the Minotaur, the Minoan god. Theo, haunted by the loss of his love, Fion, in an earlier sacrifice, is convinced that the beast is not a deity and that his love still lives within the labyrinth. His father Cyrnan, the village leader, tries to reason with Theo not to go but Theo is driven by blind rage and made his way in with seven other youths to be sacrificial lambs. However, Theo intends to kill the Minotaur. Along with his fellow captives, Tyro, Danu, Vena, Morna, Didi, Ziko and Nan, they are placed in the labyrinth by King Deucalion, with the youths slaughtered one by one by the Minotaur. However, Theo is aided by Deucalion's sister, Queen Raphaella, who reveals that her mother gave herself to bestiality to create a living god, the Minotaur. As the Minotaur grows, so does its appetite when it murdered Deucalion's brother, resulting with the human sacrifices to appease the Minotaur while ensuring Minos' survival. Theo, along the way, discovers the labyrinth is connected to an underground vent and Tyro tempts the Minotaur to crash into one of the vents, but is unsuccessful, as the Minotaur eats him alive. Theo then tempts the Minotaur and in the process, the Minotaur breaks his left horn, but continues to charge after Theo. As Theo runs back towards the enlarged vent, he scratches the walls and generates a spark that ignites the whole labyrinth, and dives into a pond of water where Raphaella was waiting for him. They emerge from the water as the flames die out, but the beast is still alive and attempts to charge at them again. Theo takes the horn out of the rubble from where the vent was, and just as the beast attempts to kill him, stabs the Minotaur through the mouth and continues on charging until it hits a collapsed rock formation which impales the horn through the Minotaur's head and finally kills it. Once out, they find Deucalion near death from the explosions decimating the palace as Raphaella smothers him to death, ending the cycle of fantaism and starting a new age."] ['The London Assignment is an animated prequel to the 2004 motion picture Van Helsing . It tells of the events before the film, in which monster hunter Gabriel Van Helsing travels to London to investigate a series of horrific, and decidedly supernatural murders, being committed by the mad scientist Dr. Jekyll, in the form of his evil alter-ego, Mr. Hyde. When tracing Hyde to his underground fortress, Van Helsing finds a young woman who claims to be Queen Victoria, and discovers that Dr. Jekyll is in love with the Queen and in order to keep her young and thus immortal has been placed under a spell by Dr. Jekyll that turns her into a young woman for one night. In order to create the potion which causes the transformations Dr. Jekyll needs the drained souls of his freshly killed victims and thus the killings will never stop. Dr. Jekyll then kidnapps the Queen using the Golden Jubilee Balloon to escape. Van Helsing uses his grappling gun to follow the balloon then proceeds to board it. In the balloon, Dr. Jekyll becomes Mr. Hyde to kill Van Helsing and crashes the Balloon in the process. While fighting on the in-construction London Bridge, Mr. Hyde is shot through the arm but manages to escape. Upon returning the Queen, Van Helsing says that daybreak will break the spell, returning her to her real age. To reward him, the Queen kisses him, at the precise moment of daybreak, causing her to slap him and call for guards. Van Helsing sends word back to the Vatican about what has happened while he tracks Jekyll to Paris resulting in the opening scene of the main movie.'] ['{{plot}} For summer vacation, the Waits family has decided to vacation in the town of Nilbog, a remote farming community, where they will swap houses with one of the local residents and spend the summer living off of the land. Young Joshua Waits ([[Michael Stephenson  is contacted by the ghost of his dead grandfather, Seth , who warns him about monsters known as goblins — malicious vegetarians who turn people into human/plant hybrids in order to eat them. Meanwhile, Joshua\'s sister, Holly , receives a visit from her boyfriend Elliot , with whom she has been having relationship problems: Holly is concerned that Elliot spends too much time with his friends. Elliot assures Holly of his love for her, and tells her that he will prove it by accompanying her family to Nilbog. The next morning, Elliot fails to show up at the Waits house; parents Michael  and Diane  grow impatient waiting for him to arrive, and the family departs for Nilbog. En route they meet up with Elliot, who has decided to bring along his friends Brent , Arnold  and Drew  in an RV. The family also runs across a hitchhiker whom Grandpa Seth uses as a medium to channel himself, warning Joshua that the town of Nilbog is the Kingdom of Goblins and that his family has been lured there to be made into food. Arriving in Nilbog, the Waits family discovers that the residents have left a large, all-vegetable meal for them. Grandpa Seth appears again, freezing time and warning Joshua that the food is actually a potion that will turn them into vegetable people. When time resumes, Joshua jumps on the table and urinates on all of the food. Meanwhile, Arnold takes a walk in the woods outside of Nilbog and runs into a woman, Cindy, being pursued by goblins. They seek shelter in a chapel that turns out to be the residence of Creedence Leonore Gielgud , who feeds them a goblin potion—the woman disintegrates into a mass of green ectoplasm, while Arnold becomes a plant/human hybrid. Creedence reveals herself to be the druid queen of the Goblins, whose "Stonehenge Magic Stone" is the source of all the goblins\' power; a horrified Arnold watches as goblins consume the ectoplasm, realizing that he will be next. Although Drew ultimately finds him and attempts to free him, he is killed by Creedence. That night, Holly is unintentionally contacted by Seth via a mirror and she and Joshua swap rooms. On Seth\'s instructions, Joshua destroys all of the food in the house, which only results in Michael taking him on a trip to the town general store the next morning. They find the store closed, with all the town\'s inhabitants attending a "sermon" about the evils of eating meat held by the town\'s demonic preacher. Joshua sneaks away to the church where the goblins have congregated. The goblins capture Joshua and attempt to feed him ice cream spiked with Goblin potion, but Michael arrives, prompting the goblins to let Joshua go. A suspicious Joshua and Michael return home, only for the family to be met by seemingly the entire town of Nilbog, who want to throw them a party. Joshua runs upstairs to try to contact Grandpa Seth through the mirror, only to be confronted by Creedence in goblin form. Grandpa Seth suddenly appears out of thin air and chops off Creedence\'s hand with an axe, prompting her to retreat. Grandpa Seth and Joshua go back downstairs to prevent the family from eating any food. The town preacher  attempts to stop them by trying to banish Seth to Hell, but Seth causes a magic lightning bolts to ignite a molotov cocktail, killing the preacher. When the preacher dies, he transforms into his true, goblin form; Seth\'s presence and the sight of the dead goblin finally convince the family that they are in danger. Seth disappears, and the family barricade themselves inside the house. Meanwhile, Creedence transforms herself into a beautiful young woman and appears at Elliot\'s RV in an exotic negligee, where she seduces Brent using an ear of corn, . As they begin to have sex, the corn spontaneously explodes into a flood of popcorn. Brent is quickly swallowed up and left immobilized but alive; with the family\'s last hope of rescue neutralized, Creedence heads back to her chapel. Back at the house, Joshua, Elliot, Holly, Michael and Diane hold a séance to communicate with Seth. Seth appears and tells them that in ten minutes he will be permanently cut off from the mortal world. Although goblins invade the house and kidnap Joshua, Seth is able to pass him a backpack, which Seth informs him has a weapon that will save him from mortal danger; he is further able to tell Joshua that if he can touch the Stonehenge Magic Stone, it will drain the goblins of their power. In Creedence\'s chapel, Joshua opens the backpack and discovers a bologna sandwich. He eats it, "tainting" his blood with meat and preventing the goblins from consuming him. The Waitses and Elliot then arrive and, together, they all touch the Stonehenge Magic Stone, destroying Creedence and all of her goblins. The next day, the Waits family heads back home; Diane eats food in their refrigerator, not realizing that it was placed there by the family with whom they exchanged houses. She is transformed into a human/plant hybrid and eaten by the remaining goblin family; the film ends with a screaming Joshua being offered a piece of his mother\'s corpse to eat.'] ["Wannabe Los Angeles rap artists Postmaster P. , Stray Bullet  and Butch  accidentally free a Leprechaun that was imprisoned by record producer Mac Daddy O'Nassas  20 years earlier. The film follows the three as they attempt to evade the powerful Leprechaun and violent Mack Daddy, both of whom seek a magical flute with mind-altering capabilities, possessed by the young trio."] ['The film follows the adventures of El Superbeasto , a suave, yet violent exploitation film director/actor and former masked wrestler, and his sultry "sidekick" and sister, the super-agent Suzi-X  as they prevent the evil Dr. Satan  from taking over the world by marrying the foul-mouthed stripper Velvet Von Black  with the mark of the devil on her backside. The adventure, set in the mythic world of Monsterland, also features Murray the Robot  Suzi-Xs sidekick and vehicle, based on the robot in The Phantom Creeps starring Béla Lugosi.THE HAUNTED WORLD OF EL SUPERBEASTO Director Rob Zombie also references several other films. Tom Papa, writer and the voice of the titular character, incorporated his style of humor to his character. Throughout the film, El Superbeasto often makes observations in unusual moments, like Papa does in his stand-ups.'] ['{{Plot}} Appeared to take place right after the events of Demonic Toys, an unknown stranger with a pair of gloved hands picks up the pieces of the destroyed toys and starts stitching them together. The only toys the perpetrator could fix correctly were Baby oopsie daisy and Jack Attack. The unidentified man then puts the toys in a crate, and is handed over a suitcase full of cash by another man, who then leaves with the toys. The film then switches to Italy, where college graduate student Caitlin and Mr. Butterfield, of the Antiquates Foundation , wait outside of a castle for someone to arrive. The someone finally arrives, and is revealed to be Dr. Emilio Lorca, who survived his attack at the end of Hideous!. Also with Dr. Lorca is his sweetheart Lauraline and her stepson David, and a little woman named Lillith, who is a psychic of some sorts. Dr. Lorca\'s driver, Eric accidentally drops a crate that Dr. Lorca wants brought into the house, revealing the Demonic Toys inside it. It is revealed that Dr. Lorca is still collecting oddite collectors. He\'s arrived because Caitlin called and told him about an oddite toy she found within the castle that\'s able to move. The castle\'s current owners seldom come there, meaning they\'re superstitious of everything that\'s happened in there. The owners decided to empty and sell it to Italian government to make it a historical landmark and keep it open for the public. Caitlin takes them inside the castle and gives them its history. The castle was built in the 13th century, believed to be built over the temple of Jupiter Optimus Maximus by the local villagers. It was once ruled by Fiora Borisoff, a Bulgarian empress who used to practice black magic and fled her own country when her people revolted her. Since then, the castle was home to Italian royalty, and a few murderous madmen. The paintings are believed to have demons hidden in the background. If any one of them does so, then they represent one of Fiora\'s personal demons. Caitlin then takes them into the dining room, with a box on the table. The toy Caitlin found was buried in the dungeon inside a large stone container that was like an ornamental mosaic tile. The case container was made out of hand compound steel with some magnetic and fixtures. The doll itself was hand carved out of wood with a mixture of fabric elements. Caitlin opens the box and shows them the doll Divoletto. Mr. Butterfield examines the toy and claims it is the oldest toy he\'s ever seen, made possibly in the 14th century. Caitlin then shows them how it moves. Just tap a wand on the side of the box a couple of times and then it will come to life. After a while, the toy finally moves. Caitlin believes that there are magnets in the wand and when the box is tapped, it sets off the springs and mechanisms inside of Divoletto. However, Lillith thinks differently. Eric suddenly runs in the room and tells them that their cars are gone. Since everything is closed and have no transportation to get back to Rome, Caitlin suggests that they stay at the castle for the night. Meanwhile, Lillith examines Divoletto to catch a vision of some sorts, and sees a vision of the future where Divoletto\'s killing them all. After she leaves, Divoletto walks around the castle and finds Baby oopsie and Jack Attack. He touches them, his source of life goes through them, and the demonic toys come back to life. Baby Oopsy Daisy  then welcomes Divoletto to the club and quickly the trio dolls become friends. When Dr. Lorca leaves to go get Lauraline food, it\'s revealed that Lauraline and Eric are lovers who have brought a replica of Divoletto to the castle to steal the real one, runaway together and make a fortune. Eric is also the one who took away their cars. Eric leaves to go replace Divoletto, and he finds the real toy gone. Eric then sees Divoletto walking around and finds himself locked in the dining room. As he tries to escape, Baby Oopsy Daisy stabs him in the foot with a kitchen knife and Jack Attack pops out of his box and slashes Eric\'s throat with his tail. Everyone in the castle hears Eric\'s screams, but David confirms to Caitlin and Mr. Butterfield that it\'s Eric having sex with Lauraline. Caitlin then decides to give David and Mr. Butterfield the grand tour of the castle. Meanwhile, Lillith comes across Dr. Lorca and asks him to tell the others to meet her for a seance at midnight. Before he leaves, she tells him to be careful, as she gets a vision of Dr. Lorca getting stabbed in the back of the head. Meanwhile, Caitlin reaches to the physicians room of the castle, which was used to cure a person\'s soul by torturing it, to make the bad part of the soul go away. The Physicians would use lansids to drain the bloodline for medicine and exorcisms. They also find clay vessels in the room. Mr. Butterfield then finds a flight of stairs that leads into the dungeon. David and Caitlin goes down the stairs while Mr. Butterfield decides to go to bed. Meanwhile, Dr. Lorca returns to his room and begins to make love to Lauraline, who in a disgusted manner, plays along. Meanwhile, Lillith goes to see another vision out of Divoletto, not knowing that she\'s holding the replica. After seeing the vision of the replica being made, the castle starts to shake like an earthquake. After this, the picture of Fiora Borisoff starts to move and one of Fiora\'s personal demons drives into Lillith and she falls unconscious on the table. Meanwhile, David and Caitlin get attacked by bats in the dungeon and realize that they\'re in a natural cavern. They then find a well-like structure with the words "Prodigious Abyssus" carved onto it, which Caitlin claims is a portal to hell. They then find a book called "Prodigium Exorcisio", which Caitlin claims is an exorcist journal. Through the journal, Caitlin finds out that Fiora and her doctors were believed she was possessed by demons, so they brought her down to the cavern to perform exorcisms on her. The exorcist would\'ve performed rituals on her to rid her from her personal demons. One of them turns out to be the portrait of Fiora herself, including the clay vessels. Her personal demons consist of jealousy, hatred, humility and revenge. Meanwhile, Mr. Butterfield finds some valuable items in his room and stuffs them into his clothes. As he tries to sleep, the toys walk into his room and Baby Whoopsie and Divoletto climb on the wall where two swords are hanging. Jack Attack forces Mr. Butterfield to jump out of bed and the swords come down on him, slicing his head off. Meanwhile, David, Caitlin and Dr. Lorca meet in the living room at midnight for the seance, and Lillith brings forth the spirit of Lillith and becomes possessed. The spirit tells them to leave the castle in peace, but take nothing or there will be consequences. Meawnhile, Lauraline sneaks off to find Eric. She goes into the dining room and finds the doll missing from its box, but also finds some jewels and diamonds in the side table drawers. She then cranks Jack Attack\'s box up, popping him out and he bites her neck. Meanwhile, the spirit of Fiora disappears and Lillith returns to normal, and tells them that the Divoletto doll they have right now is a replica. Baby Whoopsie appears and stabs David in the arm. Dr. Lorca pulls out a small gun hidden in his coat and shoots at Baby Whoopsie. Dr. Lorca then continues to threatens to kill Caitlin if Divoletto is really a replica. David then punches Dr. Lorca in the face and steals his gun. Lillith, David and Caitlin runoff to escape and they run into Lauraline, who survived her attack by Jack Attack. Lauraline grabs the gun off of David and points it at Caitlin, since she\'s the one who brought them into the castle. David and Lauraline fight over the gun and Lauraline screams she\'s going to kill him the same way she killed David\'s father. The gun then goes off and hits Lauraline in the chest, killing her. Dr. Lorca runs in on them and scares them away, and mourns over Lauraline\'s body. The trio run into the physicians room and head down the staircase. Dr. Lorca grabs a hatchet lying in the hallway and runs into the room, when suddenly Baby oopsie jumps on his back and stabs him in the skull, fulfilling Lillith\'s vision. Meanwhile, David, Lillith and Caitlin run to the Prodigium Abyssus, where Divoletto jumps on Lillith, and the spirit of Fiora possesses her and throws him off her. David then smashes Divoletto\'s head with a shovel, but it\'s revealed that Divoletto was one of Fiora\'s personal demons. The demon then sucks Fiora\'s spirit out of Lillith and brings her through the portal back to hell. The demonic toys then attack them and David cuts their heads off with the shovel, killing them. The next day, David, Caitlin and a spooked out Lillith leave the castle, with the demonic toys remains so no one else can find them, along with the clay vessals containing Fiora\'s personal demons. The sound of glass shatter is heard, and the painting of Fiora at the castle starts whispering, implying that Fiora\'s revenge personal demon has been released.'] ['In a small suburban town, a group of college students visit a mysterious wax museum, where they encounter several morbid displays, all of which contain stock characters from the horror genre. Two of the students Tony and China enter two separate waxwork displays. Tony is in a cabin where a werewolf attacks him. A hunter and his son come, suppressing their fear. The son fails and is torn in two, while the hunter shoots Tony as he begins the transform. China is sent to a Gothic castle, where vampires attack her and Count Dracula turns her into a vampire. Two of the other students, Mark and Sarah, leave the waxwork unscathed, but are chagrined by the disappearance of their friends. The disappearances continue, and extend to a pair investigating police detectives, one who is trapped in an exhibit of The Mummy, the other is murdered by one of the butlers. Mark takes Sarah to the attic of his house, where he shows her an old newspaper detailing the murder of his grandfather ; the only suspect was David Lincoln, his chief assistant, whose photograph closely resembles the waxwork owner. The two then consult the wheelchair-bound Sir Wilfred, a friend of Mark\'s grandfather, who explains how he and Mark\'s grandfather collected trinkets from "eighteen of the most evil people who ever lived" and that Lincoln stole the artifacts; Lincoln, having sold his soul to the devil, wants to bring their previous owners to life by creating some wax effigies and feeding them the souls of victims, a concept taken from voodoo. Providing all eighteen with a victim would bring about the "voodoo end of the world, when the dead shall rise, and consume all things". On the advice of Sir Wilfred, Mark and Sarah enter the waxwork at night and douse the museum with gasoline. However, Sarah is lured into the display of the Marquis de Sade, and Mark is pushed into a zombie display by the waxwork\'s two butlers. Mark is approached by a horde of zombies, but finds that if he does not believe in the monsters, then they do not exist and cannot harm him. Mark finds his way out of the display and into the Marquis de Sade exhibit, where he rescues Sarah, while the Marquis vows revenge. Despite Mark and Sarah\'s attempts to escape, the displays are completed with the figures and their victims reanimating as evil entities. Suddenly, Sir Wilfred and a huge group of armed men arrive and in the ensuing battle, several waxworks and slayers die, including Lincoln\'s butlers and Mark and Sarah\'s former friends, now evil. Mark duels with the Marquis de Sade, who is finally killed by an axe, wielded by Sarah. The reunited couple is confronted by Lincoln, who dies in a vat of boiling wax. Sir Wilfred is killed by a werewolf as Sarah and Mark manage to escape the burning waxwork with their lives and begin to walk home, not noticing that the hand from the Zombie display is scuttling away from the rubble.'] ["A fallen foot tall Homunculus called Marvin  is imprisoned in a birdcage by a vengeful lover who is bidding to become the world's most powerful vampire. Footage from Vampire Journals  is used at the beginning of the movie to explain how Morella, the vampire Queen, left her bloodline behind in Europe. The movie ends with Morella transformed into a Homunculus and having sex in the cage with Marvin."] ['{{plot}} Dr. Edward Pretorius  is a scientist who has developed the Resonator, a machine which allows whoever is within range to see beyond normal perceptible reality. His assistant, Dr. Crawford Tillinghast , activates the machine and soon sees strange creatures in the air. When he is bitten by one of them, he urges Pretorius to turn the machine off. However, the crazed Pretorius refuses, claiming that the machine\'s effects on his brain are giving him an "orgasm of the mind." Events transpire to the point where Crawford escapes Pretorius\' attic laboratory with an axe, fleeing outside. When the police arrive, they find Pretorius decapitated. Crawford is arrested for the murder. Crawford is committed to a psychiatric ward, where he is treated by Dr. Katherine McMichaels . After Crawford gives his account of Pretorius\' death, Katherine conducts a brain scan and notice that Crawford\'s pineal gland has grown. Katherine, convinced of Crawford\'s innocence, decides to let him return to the house in order to show her the Resonator. They are accompanied by Detective Bubba Brownlee , who investigated Pretorius\' death. Upon returning to the house, Katherine and Crawford rebuild the Resonator. Crawford reactivates the machine, which causes more creatures to appear. A severely deformed Pretorius, still alive, appears in the attic and tells the trio of a world beyond that is more pleasurable than normal reality. Pretorius\' body gruesomely breaks apart when Crawford attempts to touch him, leading Bubba to draw his gun and fire at the mad doctor. Crawford shuts off The Resonator, making Pretorius and the creatures vanish. It is now morning, and the three discuss the creatures over breakfast. Katherine - who insists that the Resonator could possibly cure schizophrenia - suggests that they turn the machine back on, but Bubba and Crawford disagree. They all go to sleep, each with a headache. But while everyone is sleeping, Katherine gets back up to feel the pleasure from the machine and turns it back on, bringing forth a worried Crawford and the now almost unrecognizable Edward who is mutated and covered in slime. Bubba enters the scene as Edward grabs Katherine and rips off her clothes, preparing to eat her mind and take her to the world of beyond. Crawford and Bubba go down into the basement to shut off the power, but encounter a giant worm-monster, prompting Crawford to conclude the vibration waves permeate the entire house. The worm begins to devour Crawford, but Bubba succeeds in shutting off the power, bringing a hairless Crawford back, and sending Edward away. The freed Katherine then turns off the machine and meets the others downstairs, crying and feeling ashamed and horrified for turning it back on. Bubba decides that they should leave the house, but as Katherine puts lotion on Crawford\'s inflamed skin, she expresses her desire to monitor the machine to figure out where the creatures are coming from. Bubba refuses and tells her to go get dressed. She begins to explore other parts of the house, finding Edward\'s old S&M outfits and putting one on. She then starts to tease a sleeping Crawford, until Bubba comes in and tells her to snap out of it, which she does, throwing a robe over the outfit. All of a sudden the power returns and The Resonator turns back on, as all three of them run up into the attic to deactivate it. Katherine and Crawford are attacked by little bee-like creatures that strip the flesh off of their victims, and as Bubba pushes them out of the way, he is devoured to the bone. A now almost fully mutated Edward, without any legs or proper arms, grabs Katherine and starts to drag her flesh torn, bleeding body towards him. Crawford fights Edward and succeeds in freeing Katherine but then his enlarged pineal gland pops out of his forehead like an antenna. Katherine short circuits the machine by spraying it repeatedly with a fire extinguisher. She then takes Crawford back to the hospital, where she is evaluated for insanity and schizophrenia, since her story was just like Crawford\'s and she is blamed by Dr. Bloch and the police for this evening\'s events. Vindictive Dr. Bloch then orders for Katherine to get shock treatment. Dr. Bloch then goes to perform an autopsy on an undead Crawford, who is on the lookout for brains to eat with the use of his antenna. As Katherine is being prepared for shock treatment by a sadistic staff member, Crawford attacks and eats Dr. Bloch\'s brain. Katherine escapes, gets new clothes, and drives back to the house with a bomb. Crawford follows her on a hijacked ambulance car. Katherine puts the bomb on The Resonator, sets it for 5 minutes, and goes to leave, only to have Crawford chain her up in Edward\'s S&M room, claiming that he loves her. As he is about to eat her brain, she bites off his exposed, enlarged pineal gland, reverting him to his senses. However, Crawford is pulled away by a completely deformed, mutated Edward. Meanwhile, Katherine manages to attract the leech creatures that sense her movement and bite through the straps, releasing her. Crawford fights Edward, only to be eaten by him. Edward chases Katherine into the laboratory, where Crawford\'s form begins to tear out through Edward\'s skin and muscles. The two fight for the control of the deformed body, until it dissolves in its own digestive fluids. Katherine finally frees herself and jumps out the attic window, right as the whole attic explodes. She lands on her legs, breaking one, and as the neighbors gather around her, she goes from sobbing to laughing hysterically as she tells them, "It ATE him!"'] ['As in the previous films, an evil Djinn is released from his prison - an ancient jewel - and must grant three wishes to the person who awakens him, in order to release the race of Djinns from hell and allow them to take over the earth. Painter Sam ([[Jason Thompson  and his girlfriend Lisa  have just moved in together when he has a terrible accident that leaves him crippled for life. Determined to help him, Lisa retains a lawyer, Steven , who has a crush on her. Due to his condition, Sam grows ever more distant from Lisa, thinking she is having an affair with Steven because they cannot have sex. Sensing Sam\'s growing distance from Lisa, Steven moves in, awkwardly offering as a gift a jewel he found hidden away in an antique desk. The jewel, unknown to Steven, is the Djinn\'s cell. Lisa inadvertently awakens the Djinn, which secretly kills Steven and takes his form. The Djinn/Steven begins making advances on Lisa to trick her into making wishes. She first wishes for the case for Sam\'s condition to be won, killing the person on the other end of the phone he was talking to after torturing him into agreeing to a settlement. The Djinn next takes Lisa out to a restaurant called The Palace to celebrate the winning of the case, asking her what she wishes for the most. When she says she wishes Sam could walk again, the Djinn grants this wish, enabling Sam to walk, but not repairing the injuries that made him crippled. They next go to Steven\'s place where they share champagne. While getting more for them to drink, the Djinn hears Lisa wish she could love "Steven" for who he really is. Aware that his true form will lose her forever, he is unable to grant it right away; he spends much time trying to decipher human love in order to "make" Lisa truly love him, and in the process he develops feelings for her. One of these attempts is talking with one of her coworkers, who explains he has to grant Lisa\'s deepest desires, amongst which is ending her three-year long sex-less life, and accidentally wishes for killer sex, that is extremely pleasureable to her at first, but does kill her. Meanwhile, his fellow Djinn constantly beg him to grant the third wish and let their race inherit the earth. He ignores them to keep learning about love, even visiting a Strip Club, where he meets Sam. Though he tries tricking Sam into making a wish, Steven ends up granting the wishes of a bartender to be a pimple on the rear of one of the strippers, and that of the bouncer, who wished he\'d put up more of a fight after being thrown out. An angel attempts to kill him and Lisa to prevent the third wish. However, Steven sends her away and kills the angel. Due to his previous planning, Steven has tricked Sam into believing Lisa has now fallen in love with Steven and this forces him to leave. Steven later arrives at Lisa\'s house with some flowers in an attempt to calm her down from the angel\'s attack and console her. He gives her a kiss, which leads to them making out and then having sex in the living room. Once Lisa calms down afterward, she realizes she has missed having sex but does not love Steven. After being asked if she loved him, Lisa runs upstairs for new clothes  and to leave Steven with his thoughts. At his wit\'s end, Steven redresses himself and heads upstairs to her bedroom, where she has finished putting on new clothes. Steven explains he gave Lisa what she wanted, but is angerily rebuffed with "thanks for the charity". The Djinn bretheren make their presence known, forcing Lisa to flee. Steven voices rage at his fellow Djinn for jeopardizing the wish, telling them he will take care of it. Using his magic to make the upstairs a looping maze, Steven brings Lisa back to the bedroom and reveals his true form her, offering Lisa a choice; take his hand as the second in command when the Djinn race takes over the world, or to be cast down to another dimension of hell. At the climax, Sam returns and tries to save the day with an angel\'s sword , but gets stabbed by the Djinn. But while the Djinn is still making attempts to convince Lisa to take his hand as the second in command, Sam invites Lisa to push the Djinn through the blade which is also in Sam. Lisa does that, and both the Djinn and Sam perish. Lisa makes it out of the house and tries to continue on with her life.'] ['A deranged genetic scientist abducts college students as human guinea pigs that he uses in his experiments in crossbreeding plants with humans. The failed experimental mutants are then given to a cruel circus freakshow owner who exploits them to the fullest. However, the mutants and the circus freaks will not be denied justice.'] ['A group of friends are marooned on an uncharted island after their boat crashes. They quickly become aware they are not alone, as they find themselves being killed off by a group of ancient humanoid creatures.'] ['In 1958 in Ferren Woods, a small backwater town, an old blind witch, Ms. Osie, feeds a deformed orphan named Tommy; he is the offspring of Pumpkinhead. As Tommy eats, a car of six teens pull up and notice him. Convinced that he is some demonic monster, they chase him with switchblade knives and baseball bats; eventually, they corner him at an old iron mine, where they bludgeon him and drop him down into the mine, killing him. 35 years later, Sheriff Sean Braddock, his wife, and his daughter Jenny have come into town. Sean grew up in Ferren Woods and returned when offered a job as the local sheriff. At school, Jenny meets a group of wild kids, one of whom is Daniel "Danny" Dixon, whose dad, , is the town judge. The teens sneak off one night and pilfer Sean\'s car. Danny inadvertently hits Ms. Osie, and when they go to her cabin to check on her, they find a spellbook and vials of blood, which she is planning to resurrect Tommy with. After Ms. Osie catches them, she orders them out. Danny knocks her down and escapes with a vial of blood. Danny and his friends attempt to resurrect Tommy\'s corpse. Jenny notices Ms. Osie\'s cabin on fire and Danny and his friends flee. Ms. Osie is badly burnt and ends up in the hospital. Unbeknownst to Danny and his friends, the spell they\'d attempted worked, resurrecting Tommy in the form of Pumpkinhead. Soon, Judge Dixon\'s friends begin to meet grisly deaths. Jenny\'s father investigates and begins to come to terms with the fact that Tommy is responsible for the murders. Ms. Osie dies, but not before revealing to Sean some clues. Sean discovers the connection between the victims and Pumpkinhead, realizing that the judge is next. Judge Dixon calls his posse to assist him in killing whatever is murdering his friends. Before they can arrive however, Pumpkinhead brutally murders Judge Dixon. Now that Tommy has avenged his own death, he begins going after Danny and his friends. Sean and the town doctor go into the woods to find Jenny. By this time, Pumpkinhead  has murdered Danny and his 3 friends. He then chases Jenny to the iron mine. Since Sean had saved his life years earlier as a boy, and because Jenny was innocent of hurting Ms. Osie, Tommy allows Jenny to step down to her father safe and sound. However, the judge\'s posse arrives and shoots Tommy back into the mine, where he had died 35 years earlier.'] ["{{expand section}} Baron Boris von Frankenstein  decides to retire, leaving the monster business to his nerdy nephew, Felix Flankin . Frankenstein plans to announce his decision at a convention of monsters that includes his creature and the creature's more intelligent mate , Frankenstein's seductive laboratory assistant Francesca , Count Dracula, the Werewolf, the Creature from the Black Lagoon, The Invisible Man, Quasimodo, Dr. Jekyll & Mr. Hyde, the Mummy, It , and many more. However when Felix proves to be an incompetent  human, the monsters plot to eliminate him and gain control of Frankenstein's latest discovery: the secret of total destruction!"] ['Circa 1900, in Ireland, two carnies, Angus Shaw  and his wife Lillian , abduct a mermaid  and try to smuggle her into the United States. As their ship appears to lose its way, the mermaid begins to show a deadly, almost vampiric side.'] ['Scarecrows is about five anti-heroic bank robbing paramilitary mercenaries and war criminals who steal three million dollars from Camp Pendleton and take two hostages, a pilot and his daughter. As the robbers fly towards Southern waters, one of the robbers steals the loot and parachutes into a dark field. The remaining robbers land the plane and head for a broken-down house. The house has a demonic history, which causes scarecrows guarding surrounding graves to resurrect and slaughter all trespassers, dooming their victims to live on as scarecrows for all eternity.'] ['This film is allegedly based on the real-life journals of Dale S. Rogers, a man who, in the 1970s, lived along the banks of the Navidad River in Sublime, Texas - the same area where the original legend of the Wild Man of the Navidad surfaced back in the late 1800s.http://www.texasescapes.com/MurrayMontgomeryLoneStarDiary/Wild-Woman-of-the-Navidad.htm The legend of the Wild Man in Texashttp://www.wildmanofthenavidad.com The Wild Man of the Navidad Official Website The film follows Dale, his wheelchair-using wife Jean, and her oft-shirtless, lazy-eyed caretaker Mario. Though their ranch sits on vast acres prime for paying hunters, Dale has resisted opening up the land because of the strange, Bigfoot-like creatures supposedly inhabiting it. But after the prodding of some of the rifle-loving townsfolk and the loss of his welding job, Dale gives in and opens the gate to his compound. Then the hunters become the hunted.http://www.filmmakermagazine.com/blog/2008/04/tribeca-director-interview-justin-meeks.php Justin Meeks Filmmaker Magazine Interview'] ['King Kong, after being shot down from the World Trade Center, is kept alive in a coma for about 10 years at the Atlantic Institute, under the care of surgeon Dr. Amy Franklin . In order to save Kong\'s life, Dr. Franklin must perform a heart transplant and give Kong a computer-monitored artificial heart. However, he lost so much blood that a transfusion is badly needed. Enter adventurer Hank Mitchell , who captures a giant female gorilla in Borneo , bringing her to the Institute so her blood can be used for Kong\'s operation. The transfusion and the heart transplant are a success, but Kong escapes along with the female, who is dubbed "Lady Kong". Archie Nevitt ([[John Ashton , an insane army lieutenant colonel, is called in with his men to hunt down and kill the two apes. Lady Kong is captured alive by Nevitt\'s troops and imprisoned; Kong falls from a cliff and is presumed dead, but soon returns to rescue his mate. But as Franklin and Mitchell soon discover, Kong\'s artificial heart is beginning to give out. Kong then is successful in saving his mate. After being followed, attacked, and shot by the military, Kong kills the military colonel and dies slowly at a military base. After this event, Lady Kong is back on Kong Island, with her happy, newborn son whom King Kong was able to see and touch before his death.'] ['A college football team\'s plane crashes in the Himalayas. The survivors, consisting of Sarah, Peyton, Ravin, Ashley, Dennis, Kyra, Rice, Andrew, and Garcia, have only three energy bars for food. Finding a trail of blood, Garcia and Andrew find a cave that turns out to be a Yeti\'s lair. Garcia escapes, but the Yeti butchers Andrew. Soon afterward, Sarah sees one of the corpses being dragged away, but Peyton ignores her. A search and rescue team, Fury and Sheppard, are sent to look for the crashed plane. At the camp Ravin raises the possibility of eating the dead bodies and many of the survivors except a few agreed with him. Since one of the people who disagreed was the leader, the whole team decided not to eat the bodies. The rescue team finds large footprints in the snow. At the camp, two survivors responsible for finding food return empty-handed and Ravin sets out to cut up one of the bodies for food. The body which he is about the cut up happens to be Kyra\'s brother, who she loved very much and was very close to. She manages to stop him and the survivors realize another body is missing and accuse Ravin of possibly hiding and eating it. The survivors decide they will eat one of the bodies if a rescue team does not arrive the next day. After a day has passed, the survivors eat one of the bodies. Kyra, however, cannot stand the thought of eating one of the bodies and retreats back into the plane. Later that night, she sets all of the bodies on fire, rendering them inedible. An enraged Ravin furiously accuses her of possibly killing them all, but she knows that she did the right thing and the others stick up for and decide to try and hike down the mountains the next morning. Garcia returns to the camp, but a terrified Ravin shoots him in the face with a flare gun. Looking for food, the Yeti attacks the survivors, killing Ashley and Dennis. They shoot the Yeti with the remaining flare gun, but it escapes with Sarah. As the survivors consider going after her, the rescue team finds them. They decide to find Sarah. Sarah awakes next to two slumbering Yetis. The team digs a hole at one of the entrances to the cave, filling it with punji stakes, and Sarah finds them. However, the Yetis wake up and give chase. The group manages to get out of the cave and the Yetis fall into the trap, trapping them. An avalanche ensues, sealing off the cave and killing one of the Yetis. After saying their goodbyes to the dead, the survivors hike for a while before setting up camp. One of the Yetis emerges from the avalanche and pursues the survivors. The next morning, the survivors start hiking again. Ravin stops to "urinate" and eat some chocolate that he hid; the Yeti appears before him. The survivors run, but the Yeti catches Ravin, biting off one of his ears. Fury attempts to save him, but accidentally shoots and kills him. The Yeti quickly kills her and Sheppard as the team run off. Peyton tackles the Yeti, where they roll off a cliff, and though Peyton grabs hold of a branch, the Yeti holds on to his leg. The rest of the team rescues Peyton by spearing the Yeti, causing it to fall to its death, and a nearby chopper spots the survivors and rescues them. Garcia wakes up to find himself alone in the snow, however, a Yeti arm punches through the snow and his eventual fate is left ambiguous.'] ['The members of Super-GUTS  track a monster to the moon, where it battles Ultraman Dyna. This creature proves resilient to Dyna\'s usual finishing moves . The next round of fight is very short because the monster abruptly vaporized in large yellow beam that unleashed from mysterious space-battleship. Upon returning to Earth, the Super-GUTS team goes to a secret island base. Here they discover that TPC , the organization they work for, is also responsible for building the space-battleship. The ship known as Prometheus, and its devastating main weapon is the Neo-Maxima Cannon. The project leader, Dr. Kisaragi, explains that Super-GUTS has been summoned so that their brainwaves can be used to program the battle computer of Prometheus, making it an even more effective weapon. The cocky young Asuka  doubts that Prometheus can ever be as effective as Dyna at defending the Earth. He accepts the challenge, and his thoughts are fed into the ship\'s computer. When Asuka regains consciousness, the base is attacked! Asuka transforms into Ultraman Dyna to face the alien UFO. Prometheus is also launched, but to destroy Dyna, not assist him. Dr. Kisaragi announces that both she and Prometheus are under the control of the alien race known as the Monera. Prometheus, Mollusionized into Deathfacer, is able to anticipate and counter all of Dyna\'s moves due its programing based on Asuka\'s brain scan result. The one-sided battle ends when the Neo-Maxima Cannon devastates the island. Dyna disappears and is presumed dead. While Super-GUTS regroups , the Monera announce that they will begin exterminating humanity at noon the next day. After talking with the original GUTS leader, Captain Iruma, Asuka regains his confidence & becomes Dyna-Strong type. This time, Dyna is ready for Deathfacer and shows the robot some devastating new tricks, as he defeats Deathfacer by driving his fist through Neo-Maxima Cannon when it does \'pre-shoot charging sequence\'. Dyna then throws unstable Deathfacer into the air, before it explodes. However, the Monera commit Harmonosion to form the gigantic Queen Monera which captures Dyna and instantly devastates the city. Dyna tries to escape, and SuperGUTS, as well as Captain Iruma, try to aid, but Dyna\'s energy is drained completely and his timer runs out, "dying" immediately. With Dyna defeated, the Earth may be finished. But, a young boy with a Tiga figure is able to get everyone to believe in the light, as light itself came from the Tiga figure. This causes everyone to lend their light & brings back Ultraman Tiga, who frees & revives Dyna. Ultraman Tiga and Dyna then proceed to fight together & defeat Queen Monera. Afterwards, Tiga & Dyna\'s light combine together and they disappear. The entire SuperGUTS reunite to celebrate their victory, as Iruma soon receives a visit later that day from the former GUTS members. At the end, Mai recovers from the previous attack of the Deathfacer and flies to the moon with Asuka as a passenger. During the credits, Munakata gives Iruma some roses, as the film comes to an end.'] ["The film takes place in Tokyo in 2003, where two reporters - Sarah Sullivan  and Erin Lynch  - have arrived from the United States to document unusual seismic disturbances that have been picked up around Tokyo. The disturbances are originally thought to be aftershocks left over from a supposed massive earthquake on the Kanto Fault that occurred two years previously, causing hundreds of thousands of casualties and several hundred billion dollars in damage, although careful analysis of the evidence suggests otherwise. As time goes on, all of Tokyo begins to suffer from abnormal earth tremors similar to those registered in 2005, but the tremors are found not to be caused by an earthquake, but by a gigantic octopus that has been dormant for centuries, but has since been awakened by mankind, and now sees Tokyo as a new feeding-ground, with the filmmakers documenting the catastrophe as it unfolds. It starts as Sarah and Erin are talking about filming Tokyo. The scene then switches to the interior of Sarah's car as the two drive to LAX, to catch their flight to Tokyo. In Tokyo they rent a hotel room, and, the next day, Erin films Sarah talking with the global warming minister. During the interview, an earthquake strikes and the scene again switches to the reporters in the basement of the environmental building trying to find someone who can speak English. Eventually, they find Justin - a worker - who is from America as well. He says that they have to go to the American embassy, and, as they flee, they hear the sounds of panic and plane engines from a tunnel. Later, they find a mall, and another earthquake occurs. In the chaos, Justin is impaled by a pole as the reporters flee in panic. Some small text appears on the screen saying that tape #3 was damaged. As the reporters run toward a mall they find a woman and her grandfather, and they eat and sleep, Sarah not realizing she had left the camera turned on. Then, another earthquake begins and kills the grandfather as the woman tells the reporters to flee. They hear the mall explode as they run away and soon find a building which they enter. They have gone upstairs when the building suddenly collapses. The reporters survive, but, unfortunately, the collapse damaged the camera lens. Night arrives and they see helicopters ready to save refugees, but a tentacle destroys them and proceeds to throw cars at the people, killing many of them. Panic ensues and Eric abandons Sarah but a tentacle slams into the ground where Erin is and she is wounded. Additionally, the camera's batteries are running low. Sarah cries for Eric as the crash of a tentacle hitting the ground is heard, ending the film, indicating that the reporters were crushed by the monster and were among the thousands, if not millions, killed."] ['The story picks up about a month after the dramatic finale of the previous film and follows the further adventures of filmmaker Carl Denham (again played by [[Robert Armstrong , now implicated in numerous lawsuits following the destruction wrought by Kong. Denham leaves New York with the captain of the "Venture", Captain Englehorn , who is certain it is just a matter of time before he is similarly served. Their efforts to make money shipping cargo around the Orient are less than successful. In the Dutch port of Dakang, Denham is amused to see there\'s a "show" being presented, so he and Englehorn attend. It turns out to be a series of performing monkeys, capped by a song  sung by a young woman named Hilda . That night, Hilda\'s father, who runs the show, stays up drinking with a Norwegian skipper named Nils Helstrom, who had lost his ship under questionable circumstances. The two men fight and Hilda\'s father is killed, their tent burns down and Hilda releases all the monkeys. Denham and Englehorn run into Helstrom, who was the man that sold Denham the map to Kong\'s Island, and he convinces the two that there was a treasure on the island. Denham and Englehorn agree to go back and try to retrieve it. Later, Denham meets Hilda while she is trying to recapture her monkeys and tries to cheer her up. Despite her pleas, Denham refuses to take her with him when he leaves Dakang. Shortly after they put out to sea, however, Hilda is found stowing away on board. Helstrom talks Hilda into silence and incites a mutiny on board the "Venture". But the sailors want no more captains and throw him overboard alongside Denham, Englehorn, Hilda and the cook, Charlie. The five land on Kong\'s Island where they discover the natives blame Denham for the destruction of their village and they are forced to move to a different part of the island. There, Denham and Hilda meet and befriend a albino gorilla just over twice the height of a man. Denham assumes the ape to be Kong\'s son and calls him "Little Kong". He is much friendlier than his namesake and saves Denham and Hilda from a giant cave bear. Denham bandages Little Kong\'s injured finger in return. Despite the fact that Helstrom made up his story out of desperation, Denham finds an authentic treasure. Shortly afterwards, Little Kong, Denham and the girl are attacked by a giant nothosaur which Little Kong kills, while Helstrom tries to escape in the lifeboat but is eaten by an elasmosaurus. An earthquake hits the island and it begins to sink into the ocean. Little Kong dies saving Denham by holding him above the water until he can be rescued. The film ends with Denham and Hilda throwing their lot in together, as the treasure will make all four survivors  wealthy.'] ["In the swamps of Louisiana, Dr. Alec Holland works with his sister Linda on a top-secret bio-engineering project to create a plant/animal hybrid capable of thriving in extreme environments. Government agent Alice Cable arrives just as Holland makes a major breakthrough, and begins to develop feelings for him. However, a paramilitary group led by the evil Dr. Anton Arcane, who is obsessed with immortality, kills Linda while trying to steal the formula. Dr. Holland is covered in chemicals, caught on fire, and runs screaming in the swamp, presumably to die, but returns as a monstrously mutated plant creature. As the Swamp Thing, Holland battles Arcane's forces to protect Cable, and eventually takes on the mad doctor himself, who has also mutated from his incomplete understanding of the formula."] ['Brian  begins an unwilling symbiotic relationship with a malevolent slug-like brain-eating parasite called "Aylmer" . Aylmer secretes a highly addictive, hallucinogenic blue fluid into Brian\'s brain. In return for a steady supply of the fluid, Brian must seek out victims for Aylmer, so that he can devour their brains. The film was largely a metaphor for drug addiction.'] ['{{Expand section}} Five years after the events of the original film, The Toxic Avenger  is lured to Tokyo, Japan by the evil corporation Apocalypse Inc. So while the Toxic Avenger is fighting crime in Tokyo, Apocalypse Inc. spreads evil in Tromaville and it is up to the famous hideously deformed superhero of superhuman size and strength to stop the abominable Apocalypse Inc. from attacking both Tokyo and Tromaville.'] ["Basket case is about a young man named Duane Bradley  whose Siamese twin brother lives in a basket. At birth, the monstrous twin with a swollen claw-like hand was attached to Duane's side. At an early age, they were surgically separated against their will. Duane's twin deeply resented being cut-off from his normal-looking brother. After the mutilation of Dr. Lifflander in the quiet town of Glens Falls, the brothers go to New York. The hideous twin is carried around in a large basket wherever his brother goes. Neither brother can rest until they avenge their surgical separation by killing the doctors responsible.DVD-Covers: Basket Case"] ["The plot of the film revolves around a group of Glasgow teenagers who, while on a hike through the Scottish highlands discover an abandoned baby in the ruins of a castle. As the group attempt to get the baby to safety a mysterious wolf-like beast suddenly appears, lurking in the darkness and begins stalking them, intent on killing the group one by one. They soon realize they must kill the beast before it slaughters them all. The group eventually realize that the werewolf will be able to easily pick them off if they stay out on the moors, and decide to go back to the castle where they found the baby, and is also the beast's lair. After spending the night there, they create a plan to kill the monster. Kelly Ann lures the monster up a staircase and the boys push a stone down onto it. They then stab it to death with spears. Another beast enters the castle and kills one of the group. Kelly Ann and her boyfriend Lee are the only survivors and flee back into the countryside. The beast in the castle seems anguished at the death of its partner, and the viewer realizes that the two were mates. It follows the two and kills Lee. Kelly Ann and the baby eventually make it to the hotel where the group was supposed to meet with their guardian, Father Steve. Kelly Ann takes the baby into a bedroom to breastfeed him. The monster appears and kills the owner of the hotel and chases Father Steve into the bedroom where Kelly Ann is. He finds a mother monster feeding its pup, and it kills him. The viewer realizes that the baby was the werewolves' child and it infected Kelly Ann by biting her while she was breastfeeding it earlier in the film. In the credits, two beasts walk through a field back towards the castle while their offspring runs around them."] ['Lester Dwervick  has always been sort of different. The sickly teen is too shy to make friends, and lives in a trailer park. Because of these reasons, his classmates view him as a "white trash outcast". To make matters worse, Lester\'s mother is an alcoholic tramp who often brings home drunken men from the local bars. Lester has nobody to confide in, and often draws and sculpts birds and other animals to keep him hopeful of the future. One day, he is being savagely tormented by a local bully when Sheriff Patterson\'s  daughter Judie  sticks up for him. Thinking he has finally found a friend, Lester begins to feel happy for the first time in years and begins to draw pictures for her. One night, Lester goes to find Judie to ask her if she wants to be his girlfriend. Before he even has a chance to ask her, he sees his worst bully drunkenly kiss her. Judie sees Lester, who is running away in grief. Knowing there\'s nothing left for him anymore, the pressure of it all finally mounts and Lester swirls into a jealous rage and screams at his mother\'s latest boyfriend. He chases Lester into the cornfields outside his home and viciously strangles him, making it look like a suicide, and leaving his corpse near a scarecrow. One year later, several people in the town are murdered. First the drunken boyfriend by decapitation by scythe, next the teacher by impalement, next the bully who kissed Judie by brutally shoving a corn cob through his head. Lester\'s spirit has returned in the form of the scarecrow, where he is agile, fast, and superhuman. Lester\'s out to get revenge on all of those who mistreated him while he was alive. Judie attempts to find a way to reason with Lester, before she becomes his next victim.'] ['Melvin Ferd III  is a stereotypical 98-pound weakling. He works as a janitor at a health club in the fictional Tromaville, New Jersey. There, he is tormented by his customers, particularly Bozo , Slug , Wanda , and Julie , who harass and tease him constantly. The Mayor of Tromaville is Peter Belgoody  who unknown to the citizens of the town is also the leader of a massive Tromaville crime ring, but hides this fact by promoting good will and proposed justice to the town as a cover-up. As days go by Melvin\'s tormentors grow more and more violent, even killing a young boy on a bike by running him over with their car and taking photos of the carnage afterwards. Finally one day, they trick Melvin into wearing a pink tutu and kissing a sheep. He is chased around the health club by other customers and jumps out of a second story window. He lands in a drum of toxic waste which immediately causes severe burns and disfigurement. Despite the burning chemicals even causing him to burst into flames, Melvin survives and stumbles home. Drawing a bath to try and scrub some of the chemical residue from his horribly scarred flesh, Melvin begins his transformation into a hideously deformed creature of superhuman size and strength. Elsewhere, a group of drug dealers led by the criminal Cigar Face  are harassing a police officer by the name of O\'Clancy , trying to buy him off. When he refuses to accept the money, Cigar Face and his gang attack and brutalize him. Then, just as Cigar Face prepare to castrate Officer O\'Clancy with his gun, a large creature  comes out of nowhere and violently kills the criminals Knuckles  and Nipples . Then he then leaves a mop on their faces as a call sign. Cigar Face survives, but has had his testicles smashed by the creature before escaping. O\'Clancy is initially terrified of the creature but soon learns he was only trying to help him as the creature approaches him and politely apologizes for his behavior as he has "never done this sort of thing before". The officer\'s rescuer, dubbed the "Monster Hero", is the now profoundly mutated Melvin. He tries to return home, but his mother  ends up fainting upon the sight of him. Wracked with sorrow, the Monster Hero builds a makeshift home in the junkyard. Mayor Belgoody is shocked at the deaths of some of his goons, but is still confident that the Monster will not come looking for him, hoping that one of his goons will kill him eventually. Elsewhere in Tromaville, a gang of three men consisting of Leroy , Frank , and Rico ([[Michael Russo  are holding up a Mexican fast food restaurant called "The Mexican Place." Leroy kills one of the patrons  and Frank attacks a blind woman named Sarah  after Leroy kills her guide dog. Frank attempts to rape her, but is attacked by the Monster Hero who ends up ripping off Frank\'s right arm. He wreaks bloody vengeance on the three men: Leroy is first covered in whipped cream  before having a milkshake-stirrer rammed into his throat, Rico has his hands and wrists plunged into a deep-fryer, and Frank is stuffed in an oven. The Monster Hero takes Sarah back to her home where they begin to get to know one another and progressively fall in love. The Monster Hero returns to the Health Club, killing a drug dealer  by crushing his face with a weight lifting machine. There, he attacks popular girl Wanda. Afterwards, the Monster is relieving himself in a back alley when a limo pulls up and a pimp tries to push a 12-year-old girl onto him. When he starts to fight back to save the girl, a group of men come out of the limo. He fights them all off and saves the girl. The Monster Hero soon starts building up a friendly reputation in Tromaville by doing all sorts of "superhero" work from saving two younger boys from being run over by Bozo\'s car to even helping the elderly to cross the street. Meanwhile, Mayor Belgoody is becoming more and more aware about what is happening to his goons as not only are they being killed one-by-one by the Monster Hero, but some of them are also turning themselves over to the police for their own safety. He is now worried that their deaths will lead up to him sooner than he expects and wants the Monster Hero to be taken care of. One night, Cigar Face returns  and brings along a new group of Belgoody\'s goons to surround the Monster with guns. Before they fire on him, he jumps up to a fire escape and they end up shooting and killing each other with Cigar Face getting away. The Monster Hero returns to the health club again and attacks Julie. Soon afterwards, he confronts the last of his tormentors Bozo and Slug who have attacked an old woman  and stolen her car when Julie doesn\'t show up. Bozo and Slug try to run him over, but the Monster jumps on top of the car and grabs Slug crushing his neck and throwing him out of the moving car. The Monster Hero then confronts Bozo by grabbing him by the face and terrifies him by revealing himself as Melvin from the accident to a horrified Bozo. After several accidents that occur because of Bozo\'s driving, the Monster tears off the wheel to the car causing Bozo to drive off the side of a cliff. The car crashes and bursts into flames burning Bozo alive, but unaffecting the monster. One day, when the Monster Hero kills a seemingly innocent old midget woman in a dry cleaning store  by throwing her into the store\'s washing machine, the Monster Hero wanders back to his junkyard home revealing his true identity to Sarah and feeling terrified and guilty for what he has become. Sarah however tells Melvin that she still loves him no matter what he looks like and the two decide to move away from the city and take a tent into nearby woods. However, Belgoody finds out about the Monster Hero\'s "mishap" and uses this opportunity to call in the National Guard in hopes of finally killing him. Soon Sarah and the Monster are discovered in the woods and now surrounded by both the National Guard and the townspeople. Mayor Belgoody comes intent on killing him . But thanks to the Monster\'s kind duties to the town, the people of Tromaville including the Monster Hero\'s mother will have none of it. Mayor Belgoody\'s evil ways are exposed after he threatens to kill O\'Clancy for trying to take his gun away from him, and the Monster Hero proceeds to rip out Belgoody\'s organs to see if he has "any guts". The film ends with the townspeople\'s celebration at the Monster\'s acceptance and a reassuring epilogue that wherever evil brews in Tromaville, Melvin the Monster Hero, now dubbed the "Toxic Avenger", will be there to protect the town.'] ['The "Times Square Freak Twins" Duane  and Belial Bradley join Doctor Granny Ruth and her family of "unique individuals" for a road trip through the Deep South. Belial is going to become a proud monster father of an ungodly brood. However, a pair of warped sheriff\'s deputies kidnap Belial\'s babies. Granny Ruth and the family strike back, and Belial single-handedly decimates the local police station.custoManiacs: Basket Case 3 DVD Cover'] ['{{Plot}} The Leprechaun is on a desolate planet attempting to court a narcissistic princess named Zarina, whom he has kidnapped in a plot to marry her, then murder her father in order to become king of her home planet, Dominia. A group of space marines attack and the Leprechaun kills one of the marines, Lucky, with a lightsaber-like weapon. When another marine, Kowalski, throws a grenade and it lands near Zarina, the Leprechaun jumps in the way, and, though Zarina is saved, the explosion of the bomb kills the Leprechaun and causes Zarina to lose a hand. While the rest of the crew attend to Zarina, Kowalski relieves himself on the Leprechaun\'s dismembered leg, and is seemingly possessed. The marines return to their ship with Zarina, where their leader, the half-robotic Dr. Mittenhand, explains that the princess has regenerative powers  and his plans to use Zarina\'s DNA to recreate his own mutilated body. Elsewhere on the ship, the Leprechaun violently emerges from Kowalski\'s penis when he attempts to have sex with a fellow marine, Dolores, killing him in an incredibly painful and sadistic manner. The Leprechaun then kills most of the crew members in other various gruesome and absurd ways: Mooch has his suit sliced open and dissolved into a skeleton, Danny is crushed under a metal structure, Dolores is dropped from extreme height, the leader of the marines, Metal Head, is brainwashed into thinking he is a drag queen and has his head cracked open, revealing him to be a cyborg which deactivates after being electrocuted. He finds Zarina in Dr. Mittenhand\'s laboratory, making his way in by assuming the image of a completely naked Doctor Tina Reeves, kills Mittenhand\'s assistant Harold by stabbing him in the groin and then flattening his face, and injects doctor Mittenhand with a mixture of his intended bride\'s DNA and the remains of a scorpion and a tarantula , before initiating the ship\'s self-destruct mechanism. A surviving marine, Sticks, rushes to the bridge to defuse the self-destruct but he is stopped by a password prompt. The other survivors, Sergeant Books Malloy and Tina, confront the Leprechaun in the cargo bay, who grows to many times his own size after being exposed to Dr. Mittenhand\'s experimental enlargement ray. Tina crawls through the air ducts, where her red pants get torn off by Dr. Mittenhand. Tina spends the remainder of the film in a T-shirt and black panties. Sticks is attacked and tangled in webs by the now mutated and deformed Dr. Mittenhand, now known as Mittenspider, who has taken the shape of a giant spider-like creature. Tina sprays Mittenspider with liquid nitrogen from a hose and then shoots him, shattering his body. Books avoids the giant Leprechaun and opens the airlock so the villain is sucked out into space and explodes while Zarina watches in glee. Books joins the others at the helm, and they discover that the password is "Wizard," since Dr. Mittenhand previously referred to himself as "the wizard behind the curtain," stopping the self-destruct with only seconds to spare. The three rejoice and Books and Tina kiss as the spaceship flies past the remains of the giant Leprechaun\'s body. They fly past his fist, clenched with middle finger extended.'] ['The film begins during the Blitz in London in 1940. An elderly and very unwell Dr. John Watson  tells his nurse the tale of his most complex adventure with Sherlock Holmes , which he and Holmes vowed never to tell the public or adapt into one of Watson\'s famous journals. Several incidents in 1882 lead to the consulting-detective Sherlock Holmes investigating with aid from his companion, Dr. Watson . They investigate a ship carrying gold which was destroyed by a mythical giant octopus on the coast of Newhaven. They do not believe the first-hand accounts of the sole survivor of the attack , but nonetheless investigate. When investigating the remains of the ship on the coast, Holmes is told by Inspector Lestrade that he has recently had contact with his estranged brother Thorpe. In Whitechapel, a young man is killed by a small Tyrannosaurus rex. Watson doesn\'t believe the article about the monster until he and Holmes are on a walk in some woods, and the dinosaur appears and pursues them. Finding escape, they come across several more clues that make Holmes believe the monsters are artificial, built by a criminal genius. On the case, the dinosaur steals a water pump operating a fountain and much copper wire, raising questions as to what the creature\'s inventor is trying to achieve. The octopus that destroyed the ship earlier is linked to the dinosaur because they are both similarly "exceptionally improbable". Lestrade is also investigating the crimes and stalks Holmes and Watson on their mission to solve the mysteries. On one of their leads, Lestrade ends up missing. Holmes\'s astounding logic leads himself and Watson to an old castle in Helmsmouth he and his brother visited as children. They come across another monster, a masked mechanical man: Spring-Heeled Jack. The person under the mask is revealed to be Holmes\' brother, Thorpe. Miss Ivory, his accomplice, is with him. Thorpe explains that the crimes were committed to make an armory that would keep him alive from the bullet wedged in his spine. All the tools his monsters stole -- the gold, the water pump, the copper wire -- all contributed to the creation of his cybernetic suit. He plans to destroy London and force Lestrade, who he believes shot him years ago, to claim responsibility. Holmes tries to attack Thorpe, only to be shot and presumably killed by Miss Ivory. Miss Ivory is revealed to be one of Thorpe\'s robotic creations , and Thorpe has placed a bomb in her workings that will detonate when she reaches Buckingham Palace, home of Queen Victoria, while Thorpe pilots his most complex invention yet, a fire-breathing dragon in which he pilots and holds Lestrade hostage. Holmes returns, having survived the gunshot as his tobacco box in his pocket stopped the bullet. Watson is sent to stop Miss Ivory from assassinating the Queen, while Holmes pilots another one of Thorpe\'s inventions, a hot-air balloon driven by helicopter propellers and armed with guns, in an attempt to stop his brother. Thorpe sets fire to Parliament and Westminster Abbey in his battle with his brother. Ivory is deactivated by Watson moments before the explosion can take place and Thorpe\'s dragon is sent crashing in the garden outside the Palace. Thorpe crawls from the wreckage and tries to shoot Watson, before he himself is killed by Sherlock Holmes. Lestrade, as usual, takes credit for solving the case. Holmes and Watson vow never to speak of the events again, because of how it personally affected Holmes and his certainty that the world isn\'t ready. In present time, Watson dies and his nurse visits his grave. She sees Miss Ivory visiting the grave of Thorpe Holmes, questioning her thoughts that the story is false.'] ['The protagonist, space archaeologist Simon Watterman, discovers a fossilized "Munchie" in a cave in Peru. Bringing the specimen back to the United States, Watterman\'s son and girlfriend accidentally reanimate it and name it Arnold. Cecil Watterman, Simon\'s evil twin brother and snack food entrepreneur, kidnaps Arnold while Cindy and Paul are making out. When Arnold is hurt by his kidnappers, it becomes aggressive and attacks Cecil\'s adopted son. Attempting to kill Arnold, they chop him into quarters, but instead of dying, Arnold multiplies into four new munchies. The quartet of creatures develop a love of women, beer, attacking people, and junk food in the process.'] [' An expedition from Tokyo heads to Obelisk Island, which the greedy Mr. Funazu, president of "Playmate Magazine", wants to turn into a resort. The natives of Obelisk welcome the expedition, but two members, Hiroshi and Itoko, venture into a forbidden area despite the pleas of a native boy named Saki. They enter a cavern blocked by a fallen statue and find a giant egg, out of which hatches a baby monster, a "bird-lizard", referred to as a "Gappa". The natives plead with the skeptical scientists not to take the baby away, lest it anger the baby\'s parents. Sure enough, they take the baby away, and soon, inside the caverns, its two parents rise from the underground waters beneath the volcano, destroying everything in their path. Saki, the only survivor, is rescued by an American navy fleet and brought back to Japan. Meanwhile, back in Japan, the baby "bird-lizard" is making world headlines, not to mention being experimented on by scientists. To the shock of the expedition members there is news of two giant flying creatures appearing over Sagami Bay. The Gappa parents ravage cities looking for their offspring, and are impervious to military weapons. Hiroshi, Itoko and Professor Tonooka  realize that the "Gappas" aren\'t a legend after all. They, and Saki, try to convince the headstrong Mr. Funazu to let go of the baby and return it to its parents. Will they convince him before the Gappas destroy Japan and perhaps the world?'] ["The film begins with the Egyptian Andoheb  traveling to the Hill of the Seven Jackals in answer to the royal summons of the High Priest of Karnak . The dying priest of the sect explains the story of Kharis  to his follower. The tale closely parallels that of the original film, except that Kharis steals the sacred tana leaves in the hope of restoring life to the dead Princess Ananka. His penalty upon being discovered is to be buried alive, without a tongue, and the tana leaves are buried with him. The leaves are the secret to Kharis' continued existence. During the cycle of the full moon, the fluid from the brew of three tana leaves is to be administered to the creature to keep him alive. Should despoilers enter the tomb of the Princess, a fluid of nine leaves will restore movement to the monster. Meanwhile, down on his luck archaeologist Steve Banning  and his sidekick, Babe Jenson , discover the remnants of a broken vase in a Cairo bazaar. Banning is convinced it is an authentic ancient Egyptian relic, and his interpretation of the hieroglyphics on the piece lead him to believe it contains clues to the location of the Princess Ananka's tomb. With the support of the eminent Dr. Petrie  of the Cairo Museum, but against the wishes of Andoheb, who is also employed by the museum, Banning seeks funds for his expedition. Banning and Jenson meet an American magician, Solvani , who agrees to fund their quest. His daughter Marta  is not so easily swayed, thanks to a prior visit from Andoheb, who brands the two young archeologists as frauds. The expedition departs in search of the Hill of the Seven Jackals, with the Solvani's tagging along. In their explorations, they stumble upon the tomb of Kharis, finding the mummy along with the tana leaves, but find nothing to indicate the existence of Ananka's tomb. Andoheb appears to Dr. Petrie in the mummy's cave and has the surprised scientist feel the creature's pulse. After administering the tana brew from nine leaves, the monster quickly dispatches Petrie and escapes with Andoheb, through a secret passageway, to the temple on the other side of the mountain. The creature continues his periodic marauding about the camp, killing a native overseer and eventually attacking Solvani and kidnapping Marta. Banning and Jenson set out to track Kharis down, with Jenson going around the mountain and Banning attempting to follow the secret passage they have discovered inside the tomb. Andoheb has plans of his own. Enthralled by Marta's beauty, he plans to inject himself and his captive with tana fluid, making them both immortal. Jenson arrives in the nick of time, and guns down Andoheb outside of the temple, while Banning attempts to rescue the girl. However, Kharis appears on the scene and Banning's bullets have no effect on the immortal being. Marta overheard Adoheb tell the secret of the tana fluid and tells Banning and Jenson that Kharis must not be allowed to drink any more of the serum. When the creature raises the tana serum to his lips, Jenson shoots the container from his grasp. Dropping to the floor, Kharis attempts to ingest the spilled life-giving liquid. Banning seizes the opportunity to overturn a brazier onto the monster, engulfing it in flames. The ending has the members of the expedition heading happily back to the United States with the mummy of Ananka, and the spoils of her tomb."] ['Peter Blood  is a young doctor who experiments with bringing the dead back to life. His early subject is the deceased husband of Linda Parker , a woman he is attracted to. Hidden in a Cornish tin mine, he conducts his ghastly experiments using curare to remove living, beating hearts from undeserving people in order to bring the deserving dead back to life.{{cite book}}'] ['The website "horrorvision.com" has a mysterious secret... anyone who logs onto it winds up dead. After Dez, a web programmer, logs in his girlfriend and others are attacked. Only Dez and a mysterious man named Bradbury can stop the ominous forces intent on ruling the cyber-world.'] ['Professor Donald Blake  acquires a newly-discovered coelacanth. He begins to examine the find and is exposed to its irradiated blood. This turns him into a murderous Neanderthal monster that terrorizes the campus. Troy Donahue appears as a college student, a speaking part.'] ["Hurtling through space, a meteorite collides with the rocket transporting Gamera to Mars. Gamera, now unleashed, returns to Japan, destroys Kurobe Dam and takes off. Meanwhile, a mysterious group of travellers visit an island in the South Pacific. They plan to steal a huge opal from a cave protected by a local village. Eventually, they journey to the cave and find the opal. Traveling back to civilisation, the only thief to survive the heist leaves the opal beneath an infrared light while playing poker. The light ends up incubating and hatching the opal  and the giant lizard Barugon is born. Barugon emerges from the ship as he comes into Kobe Harbor, destroying it. Barugon then attacks Osaka, freezing large parts of the city with its freezing tongue spray, and destroying a missile strike with his rainbow back ray. Gamera, attracted by the rainbow ray, arrives on the scene. Barugon and Gamera fight. Gamera does well, until Barugon uses his freeze spray. Gamera then gets frozen solid and falls inert onto the ground. Victorious, Barugon departs Osaka for the next large urban target. Keisuke and Karen find Onodera, and wrest a confession about Kano's death from him. In the ensuing fight, Keisuke beats up on Onodera and ties him up. Keisuke and Karen then go to the Japanese defense ministry. There Karen outlines the Diamond Lure defense. This plans uses the giant diamond of the Black Tribe to lure Barugon into a lake to drown. The plan is effective but fails to move Barugon out into the lake. Afterwards it is theorized that the infrared radiation has made Barugon immune to the effects of the Diamond Lure. Another plan, the Infrared Diamond Lure defense is created. This would involve putting the Black Tribe diamond in an infrared generator and using the resulting ray to lure Barugon to a watery death. Karen reveals that rain weakens Barugon and the Japanese military keeps Barugon doused with artificial rain. The Infrared Diamond Lure defense is put into effect. Onodera, however, gets wind of the plan and resolves to steal the Black Tribe diamond. The plan is executed and this time Barugon follows the lure without hesitation. Just as Barugon is about to be drawn into heavy water, Onodera bursts on the scene and steals the Black Tribe diamond. Barugon approaches the boat carrying the infrared generator and destroys it. Barugon then eats Onodera and the Black Tribe diamond. Having failed, the Japanese military keeps Barugon sedated with rain. In dejection, Keizuke and Karen visit the site of Barugon's attack on the missile battery and discover an anomaly, everything but glass has been destroyed. From this comes the theory that Barugon's rainbow can be reflected. With this information, the Reflect attack plan is created. A giant mirror is constructed and put in front of Barugon. Barugon is then goaded into firing his rainbow ray. The mirror reflects the ray back upon Barugon, but the monster stops firing before the ray can be lethal. This exchange again attracts Gamera, who has thawed out after last battling Barugon. This time, Gamera manages not to get frozen, and Gamera is assisted by the military who mortally wound Barugon with missile fire, and Gamera then manages to drag Barugon into the lake, where the monster is at last killed."] ["Just before the end of her semester at college, Lenore Harker  leaves to have a baby with her architect boyfriend Frank  at his remote log cabin in the woods. After discovering the baby has doubled in size in just a month they have to extract the baby by caesarian section, without Frank being present. As the doctor cuts the umbilical cord all hell breaks loose, with the baby killing every doctor and nurse in the operating room. When we cut back to the new mother, baby is asleep on her stomach and the room is painted a lovely shade of blood red. After questioning by the police Lenore is allowed back home with her baby and is left to get on with her life while they organize a psychologist to help her try to remember anything. It’s not long before Death Baby bites Lenore when she’s feeding him and his taste for blood is revealed. Gradually the baby gets the taste for rats, cats and penguins before progressing to killing fully-grown people. Lenore refuses to accept her baby is a cannibalistic fiend. Frank comes home from work to Lenore sitting in the baby's room and finding Daniel missing from his cot. He asks Lenore where he is and finds a dead bird in the cot. He then goes in search of Daniel getting locked in the basement. The police find him and Frank witnesses Daniel kill the police officer. Frank then manages to capture Daniel and is about to kill the baby but cannot go through with it. He is then attacked. Lenore comes out to find Daniel and sees Frank is injured. Lenore brings the baby back to the house and it is implied she kills herself and the baby in the fire while Frank and his brother watch the house burn."] ['In the Greek countryside, archaeologist Dr. Pete Asilov and Professor Andre attempt to detonate dynamite in an abandoned mountain cave, uncovering petrified eggs in the blasts. Taking one they fail to notice another had rolled off and hatched, releasing a reptilian creature that vanishes. Andre lives in a nearby villa with his orphaned niece Maria and their superstitious Greek housekeeper Calliope who warns Andre of the dangers of monsters and angry spirits in the mountain, which he ignores. Later, as Prof. Andre investigates his half of an ancient map that tells him there is over a million dollars worth of gold hidden in the cave, his business partner Dorman arrives with his associates Stravos, Andre his driver and his girlfriend Sofia carrying the other half of the map which tells them where to dig for the treasure. Further ominous clues, such as the decaying body of an ancient neanderthal woman, further enforce Calliope\'s warnings, but the men are determined to find the treasure. They discover the bones of a man who was likely buried to keep from divulging the secret of the treasure. As Stravos investigates the mummified corpse while alone, he is killed when the creature stalks up unseen and slashes him to death with its claws. Shaken by its horrific scream, the men resolve to return to the cave for the treasure, blaming Stravos\' death on would-be thieves from the nearby village. They are proven wrong and are chased back to the villa and in the process Dorman is injured. Terrified of what might be hunting them, they forget the treasure and work up a plan to escape. While fetching water for coffee, Calliope is killed by the creature and the humans barricade themselves in the villa Professor Andre, determined to see his niece safe, entrusts her with Pete who shares an affection with her and sneaks back to the cave in order to seal it. He is attacked, but not before he detonates the dynamite and blows the cave entrance shut. The next morning, believing themselves safe, the remainder of the group boards Andre\'s car he dubbed "Diana" and try to leave, but the engine floods. As they try to start it, the creature returns, forcing them back into the house. They are attacked by the creature who had snuck into the villa and are barely able to trick it outside, Andre notices a trail of clawprints leading from the kitchen and using flour to help track the creature, they injure it with hatchets and it flees. They return to Diana and are able to start her, however, the creature reveals itself to be on top of the car which forces them to pull over. Dorman ignites the fuel reserves in the back of the jeep, destroying himself and the creature in a massive ball of fire. The creature dead and the four remaining survivors safe, they start their journey back to town on foot.'] ['The movie changed much of the source material. Ted Sallis was attempting to recreate the Super-Soldier Serum that created Captain America. However, he was betrayed by his lover, Ellen Brandt, and Sallis had to flee from A.I.M. agents, who saw their potential of such a formula for their own evil ends. He injects himself with the serum, but after crashing in a swamp and apparently drowning, is transformed into a swamp creature through a combination of his formula and, as later explained, magical forces extant in the area. Sallis\' mind was apparently lost, although on rare occasions he could briefly return to consciousness within his monstrous form, and even to his human form such as when he fought Ben Grimm, who took the appropriation of his own nickname a little too personally. Among these are moving the setting from the Florida Everglades to Louisiana , and changing the creature\'s powers from burning those who "know fear" to being able to manipulate the swamp\'s vegetation. The movie character is also represented in a significantly more antagonistic light than the comic-book version. Man-Thing\'s former identity remained Ted Sallis, though in the film he is portrayed as a Native American shaman instead of a scientist. Consequently, the Man-Thing\'s origin is somewhat different, though the Nexus of All Realities is still involved. Additionally, in a tip-of-the-hat to the original comics series, major characters are named after Man-Thing authors Mike Ploog, Steve Gerber and Val Mayerik.'] ['Ed Harley  owns a small store in the country. He briefly leaves his young son alone while he runs an errand. A group of teenage campers stop by Harley\'s. While riding their dirt bikes, they mortally injure Harley\'s son. One teen, Steve, stays with the boy until his father\'s return; the rest flee the scene. At their cabin, the campers fight about whether or not to call the police. Joel, who is responsible for the boy\'s injury and is on probation for a similar incident, knocks one of his friends unconscious and locks two others in the closet to stop them from contacting the authorities. Harley goes to see a supposed witch, who says she cannot bring his son back. After Harley says that as a boy, he saw the witch controlling a mysterious creature, the witch agrees to help Harley seek revenge, but she warns him that vengeance comes with a powerful price. On her orders, Harley goes to an old pumpkin patch, digs up a disfigured corpse, and brings it back to the witch\'s home. The witch uses blood from father and son to resurrect the creature\'s corpse. Back at the cabin, one of the girls, Maggie, hears a voice whispering her name. Seemingly hypnotized, she follows the voice outside the cabin. Steve brings her out of her trance, but he is then attacked by the creature and killed. Harley experiences the murder through the creature\'s eyes. While the campers search for Steve, a clawed hand seizes Maggie, dragging her away. Harley has a vision of the creature killing Maggie and he returns to the witch, begging her to stop the monster. The witch laughs and says nothing can stop the monster. She warns that Harley will die too if he interferes. Joel confronts the monster with a knife, but the monster swats him aside and drags off another of the teens. The three remaining campers beg the locals for help, but the locals refuse, saying the three campers are "marked." Harley arrives and shoots the creature, but when Joel checks to see if it\'s dead, the creature impales Joel on his own rifle. A local boy, Bunt, helps the two living campers, Tracey and Chris, reach an abandoned church. Bunt relates the legend of the monster Pumpkinhead, explaining that the creature avenges one who was wronged. If anyone tries to stop Pumpkinhead, that person becomes marked as another victim. The creature attacks and throws Chris against a tree, then drags his body back to Harley\'s house, where Tracey, Bunt, and Harley have taken shelter. Bunt is caught when Pumpkinhead enters the house. While Harley experiences the murder, Tracey is terrified to see that his face has changed to resemble the monster\'s. She runs outside and finds Chris struggling to crawl away as Pumpkinhead prepares to kill Bunt. Harley stumbles out of the barn but is accidentally stabbed in the arm by a pitchfork. Both Harley and Pumpkinhead cry out in pain, and the creature releases Bunt. Harley notices that Pumpkinhead\'s face is turning more human, then realizes that he and Pumpkinhead are one. The only way to kill the creature is to die himself. The creature grabs Tracey by the neck, but before it can kill her, Harley shoots himself in the head. Both he and Pumpkinhead momentarily collapse to the ground. Pumpkinhead grabs Bunt again. Tracey grabs the gun, and Harley begs her to kill him. Harley, now fully changed, tries to attack Tracey. She shoots him several times until both he and Pumpkinhead fall to the ground, dead. Tracey, Bunt, and Chris then watch as Pumpkinhead bursts into flames. Later that night, back in the pumpkin patch, the witch buries Harley\'s now-disfigured corpse in Pumpkinhead\'s grave. The film ends showing his corpse still holding onto the necklace his son Billy, made him.'] ["In a Waco, Texas diner called Cadillac Jack's, crazed killer Millard Findlemeyer  opens fire on the Leigh family, killing Jeremy  and James , but leaving Sarah  and her mother, Betty , alive. Findlemeyer is arrested and sentenced to die in the electric chair, due in part to Sarah's testimony. After the execution, Findlemeyer is cremated and his ashes are sent to his mother , a witch who mixes the ashes with a gingerbread spice mix. Some time later, The Bakery, a pastry shop run by the surviving Leighs, is in dire straits and Betty has been reduced to a shotgun-toting alcoholic who shoots down the banner of the new restaurant opening across the street; Sarah sends her home with Bakery employee Julia . The restaurant owner, Jimmy Dean  arrives to complain about the banner and attempts to buy Sarah out, so he can knock down The Bakery, which he bemoans as an eyesore. After exchanging hostilities with Lorna , the Dean daughter, Sarah defers the decision. Returning to work, Sarah and Brick Fields ([[Jonathan Chase , another Bakery employee, find a mysterious gingerbread spice mix left at their doorstep by Findlemeyer's mother. They set to using the mix, but Brick cuts himself, allowing his blood to pollute the dough. Sarah permits him to leave early so he can pursue his amateur wrestling career as The Butcher-Baker at Wrestlepalooza. She then makes a large gingerbread man with the contaminated dough and puts it in an industrial oven to bake. Lorna has returned and planted a rat in The Bakery so the health department will shut them down, but is discovered by Sarah. A physical fight ensues, during which Lorna hits a switch that causes a surge of electricity into the oven where the gingerbread man is cooking, animating it. Amos Cadbury , Lorna's boyfriend, who has gotten tired of waiting outside for her, arrives on the scene. Sarah removes the gingerbread man from the oven, at which point the newly-dubbed Gingerdead Man leaps up, taunting them. They attempt to lock the living cookie in the freezer and Sarah tries to call the police, but the line is dead. Lorna calls her dad on Amos’s cell phone before the batteries go dead. Betty comes back to look for her stash of alcohol and Julia comes back looking for Betty. Each is, in turn, assaulted by the Gingerdead Man; Betty loses a finger and is put into the oven, while Julia is knocked out by a frying pan, encased in frosting, decorated, and left in the freezer. Amos returns to his car and retrieves a handgun. Jimmy Dean arrives to pick up Lorna. While he investigates Amos’s car, the Gingerdead Man takes Jimmy's car and, using a rolling pin to operate the accelerator, hits him, pinning him between the car and a wall and killing him. Amos and Sarah discover and rescue Julia from the freezer. Sarah tells Amos that she thinks the killer cookie is Millard. Lorna decides to wait outside for her father, but discovers only his body sprawled over the hood of his car. She steals his ring and heads back inside, where she triggers a tripwire that lodges a knife into her forehead, killing her. Sarah and Amos find Betty and attempt to rescue her from the oven, but the Gingerdead Man locks Sarah in the oven and knocks Amos out with a hammer. Amos recovers, shoots the oven door's lock off, and saves Sarah. Brick returns. The Gingerdead Man gets Amos's pistol and opens fire. Julia and Brick manage to subdue him and Brick eats the cookie's head. Their problem briefly appears to be resolved, but Brick turns out to be possessed by the Gingerdead Man. He is pushed into the oven and baked to death. Several months later, Betty, Sarah, and Amos are having a bake sale to raise money for the hospital, with a little help from two nurses . Two kids ask if they have any gingerbread cookies, and one of the nurses tells them that an older lady  stopped by a few minutes ago and dropped some off. The nurse opens the box, revealing five gingerbread cookies, who open their eyes. One of the gingerbread cookies is bought by a woman, who also buys a box full of pastries and ships them to her sister in L.A., setting up the plot for the sequel."] ["The film adheres very closely to Lovecraft's story, but there are a few changes. The sailors aboard the Emma first encounter the Alert abandoned at sea, rather than crewed by Cthulhu cultists and taken over by Emma{{'}}s crew after a violent confrontation as in the original story. Additionally, the film depicts the narrator present at the time of his great-uncle's death, who dies peacefully in his sleep, rather than being summoned upon the mysterious death of his great-uncle, who was presumably killed by Cthulhu cultists in the original short story. The narrator  notes as well that Inspector Legrasse, who had directed the raid on cultists in backwoods Louisiana, had died before the narrator's investigation began. In the original story, the narrator does not seem to end in a lunatic asylum or experience any mysterious nightmares himself."] ['It starts with a group of natives dancing around a great fire with a human sacrifice, Then they are attacked by White Pongo, that causes the escape of the human sacrifice and later he tries to catch White Pongo. At the end there is a staff fight between white pongo and a regular gorilla, presumeably default pongo.'] ['An alien spacecraft enters the Earth\'s atmosphere and jettisons a pod, which descends onto the planet. Some time later, Major Alan "Dutch" Schaefer  arrives in Central America with his elite team for an operation to rescue a presidential cabinet minister and his aide who had been abducted by guerrilla forces. The team consists of Mac Eliot , Blain Cooper , Billy Sole , Jorge "Poncho" Ramirez , and Rick Hawkins . Dutch\'s old military friend George Dillon , now working for the CIA, accompanies them as a liaison. The team is inserted into the jungle by helicopter and begins its hunt. They soon find the wreckage of a downed helicopter and later, the remains of Army Special Forces, whose presence in the country mystifies Dutch, while shocking them that the bodies are found to be hanged with their skin removed. They track the guerillas to a heavily defended rebel encampment which they destroy, except for a woman named Anna  whom they take prisoner. Dutch is enraged when Dillon confesses the rescue mission had been a ploy to get his group to attack the camp and that the men they found earlier had disappeared in a failed rescue of two CIA agents. As the team make their way to the extraction point, they are observed from afar by an unknown creature using thermal imaging. Anna briefly escapes, but when Hawkins catches her, he is seized and dragged off. The nearly invisible creature spares the unarmed Anna. Moments later, while the team is looking for Hawkins\' killer, Blain is killed. Mac physically sees the creature and opens fire on it, but it disappears into the jungle. Anna offers the team insight on the creature which is something of a local legend. The team sets a trap, but it avoids capture, severely wounding Poncho in the process. Mac and Dillon are killed in the ensuing chase, and Billy is slain making a stand. The Predator catches up to Dutch and engages in a short shootout during which Poncho is killed. Realizing the creature only attacks those possessing weapons, a wounded Dutch sends Anna unarmed to the extraction point. Jumping off a waterfall, he narrowly escapes the creature by inadvertently masking his body\'s heat signature with mud and witnesses the Predator\'s true form when its active camouflage fails in the water. Dutch applies more mud, improvises various weaponry and traps, then baits the Predator into coming out by starting a large fire. Hearing Dutch\'s war-cry, the Predator arrives to investigate and eventually traps him. Discarding its electronic weaponry, the alien challenges Dutch to hand-to-hand combat. Battered and barely able to move, Dutch manages to drop the counterweight from one of his traps, which falls and crushes the creature. As Dutch asks the mortally wounded alien what it is, the creature mimics his question in garbled English and then activates a self-destruct mechanism on its wrist device while laughing, gradually increasing its laugh into a human-like pitch. Dutch barely escapes the massive explosion and is rescued by helicopter along with Anna.'] ['{{plot}} The film begins with Judith Gray  and Matt Cable , two police officers , in front of the Toyland Warehouse, a warehouse for overstocked toys, waiting to arrest gun dealers Lincoln ([[Michael Russo , and Guy Hesse , for selling illegal guns from foreign countries. While they\'re waiting, Judith tells Matt about a strange dream she\'s been having: Two boys, one good, one bad, playing war, and a small wooden room with a dangling lamp hanging from the ceiling. She also mentions to Matt that she is 31 days pregnant. The gun dealers finally arrive, but ends with Matt shooting Hesse in the ribs, and Lincoln shooting Matt in the chest, killing him. With Hesse still alive , Lincoln and Hesse run and hide inside the Toyland Warehouse, with Judith chasing them, and they split up, and Judith continues to go after Lincoln. Meanwhile in the Security Office, the Security Guard Charneski  places an order at Chunky Chicken, a chicken delivery service owned by Peterson , and is run by Andy  and Mark Wayne . Mark, who is a friend of Charneski, grabs his food and takes off to deliver it. Meanwhile, Hesse, who\'s dying, sees a spot of light shining from the ceiling to the floor. But as he bleeds on the ground, the toys that are around him begin to come to life. He gets bitten in the neck by Jack Attack, gets his fingers eaten off by Grizzly, and gets shot in the chest by Mr. Static. Meanwhile with Judith, she finally handcuffs Lincoln in the storage closet when suddenly, the door to the storage closet closes and locks them in. Meanwhile, Mark arrives with Charneski\'s food, when he hears gunshots coming from Judith in the storage closet and leaves to go get Charneski. After unlocking them from the storage closet, Charneski leaves to call the police. But on his way back, Grizzly Teddy hits him in the leg with a bat, causing him to trip, and lose his gun. The gun lands in the hands of Baby Oopsy Daisy, who shoots Charneski in the leg. Jack Attack begins to strangle him, Grizzly Teddy continues to tear his face up, and Baby Oopsy Daisy stabs Charneski in the crotch with a knife, with Mark and Judith watching in horror. Baby Oopsy Daisy then pulls Charneski downstairs to the spotlight, and draws a pentagram around his corpse. Meanwhile, a runaway named Anne , who\'s been hiding in the air-conditioner shafts, finally comes out and sticks along with the group. She explains that the she\'s a runaway because her dad uses her for batting practice. Judith asks how they can get out, and Mark explains that the doors don\'t open \'til morning, but they\'re able to be open up from the office, but they can get there through the air-conditioner shafts. Judith explains that she can\'t leave Lincoln because she has to bring him in, so Mark and Anne continue to head to the office. On the way, they see three little girls wearing gas masks, riding clown tricycles. Anne explains that they\'re hallucinations. They\'re not spirits or toys. They finally reach the office, only to find the entire place trashed. They are attacked by Mr. Static and Baby Oopsy Daisy, until Mark uses Charneski\'s bug spray and lighter as a flame-thrower, and burns Baby Oopsy Daisy and Mr. Static. Jack Attack bites Anne in the neck, but when Mark pulls him off, he is bitten. Baby Oopsy Daisy comes back and stabs Anne in the eye, killing her. Mark finally gets Jack Attack off his neck, and shoots his head off with a shotgun Charneski had in his locker. He shoots at Baby Oopsy Daisy, but misses, and Baby Oopsy Daisy runs away. Mark grabs the rest of the shells and looks for Judith. Judith looks inside a doll house transported to the lair of "The Kid" . He reveals that he is a spirit of a demon, and he can take the form of anything he wants. He explains that he wants to become a human. In order for him to do that, he has to impregnate a woman, so his soul can transfer into the woman\'s egg, where he has to eat the baby\'s soul, and take over its shell. If the baby doesn\'t make it through the birth, he has to be buried like a seed, and once he\'s grown, he should rise from the ground and do it all over again. The last time he was born was 66 years ago, October 31, 1925. He was torturing a doctor and his wife  to help him, but the baby didn\'t make it through the birth, so they tricked a group of trick or treaters to bury him somewhere, but he was buried underneath the construction site of the warehouse, so he wasn\'t able to get out. That is, until Hesse bled onto the spotlight, because the blood from a human helps him come alive and helps him get strong until he does the nasty with an impregnated woman. While Judith is in the dollhouse, Lincoln, who\'s had a knife with him the entire time, uses it to free himself from his handcuffs, and escapes. Meanwhile with Judith, the Demon explains that the spotlight was where he was buried for the past 66 years, and he lured her here, because she is already pregnant. Judith is sent back to the warehouse, and finds Lincoln missing from his handcuffs. She then leaves to go after him. Mark looks for more toys to shoot as he sees the three girls on tricycles and reminds himself that they\'re not real as they disappear, the lead girl reappears, turns into an adult and starts undressing, then turns into Miss July "seen earlier in one Charnetski\'s magazines" and starts talking in the demons voice as she turns into Anne with the cut up eye and then disappears, Lincoln catches up to Mark and is about to blow his brains out when Judith finally catches up and shoots Lincoln in the head, killing him. Suddenly, all of the toys that are around them start coming to life, and they begin shooting them to death, including Mr. Static, Baby Oopsy Daisy, and Grizzly Teddy. Suddenly, Grizzly Teddy starts turning into a man-sized monster and throws Mark against the wall, and chases after Judith. Judith then finds herself inside the wooden room with the dangling lamp hanging from the ceiling. Judith, knowing this is the end, is about to shoot herself in the mouth, when all of a sudden, a little toy-soldier opens the other locked door for her, and Judith attempts to escape but she is caught by the Demon. The Demon takes Judith over to the pentagram and ties her up. Meanwhile, Mark, who is still alive, is about to leave, when he hears Judith\'s screams and goes back inside to save her however he is attacked by Grizzly Teddy. Mark runs back into his delivery car, and rams the Monster into the wall. Mark then shoots the gas tank, lights it, and the car explodes, killing the Grizzly Monster. Meanwhile, as the Demon, now in the form of a man  is about to rape Judith, the little toy-soldier shoots the demon in the eye, cuts Judith free, and turns into a little boy soldier ([[William Thorne . The Man-Devil transforms back into the kid and the kids begin fighting, explaining the entire war card game in Judith\'s dream. As "The Kid" is about to kill the Fair-Haired Boy, Judith stabs him with the Fair-Haired Boy\'s sword and the demon is sent back to Hell. Before heading back to Heaven, the Fair-Haired Boy explains to Judith that he\'s the spirit of the son she\'s going to have in the next 8 months. Judith finally reunites with Mark, and the two wait for the doors of the Warehouse to open and let them go.'] ["A deadly alien force approaches Earth. Gamera intervenes and destroys the alien vessel; but before the ship is destroyed, the aliens broadcast a warning to their world stating Gamera as their enemy. Later on Earth a Boy Scout troop is visiting an aquarium to the scientists working on a small two-man submarine. Masao and Jim, two of the scouts manage to talk their way aboard the sub. While in the water they spot Gamera who engages in a little race with the boys. However, their hijinks come to an end when the second alien vessel envelops the both of them in a super-catch ray. Releasing the boys, Gamera remains trapped in the force field while the aliens scan his memory-waves. They learn of Gamera's one weakness, his soft spot for children. Soon after, the field weakens and Gamera is free. The aliens capture Jim and Masao, threatening to kill the boys. Powerless, Gamera lands. Attaching a brain-wave control device to Gamera's head, the aliens force the turtle kaiju to do their bidding. While aboard the spaceship, the boys continually try to escape. Gamera, however  is destroying dams and cities by the handful. Jim and Masao discover a squid-like creature, thinking he is another captive of the aliens. In fact he is the leader of the aliens. The boys help Gamera break from the brain-wave device, and he begins to attack the spaceship. Grounded by Gamera, the aliens reveal that their human forms were just disguises. The aliens merge to form the giant monster Viras. Gamera and Viras duke it out in a big beachside battle. Gamera manages to pull Viras into the atmosphere, freezing him to death."] ["A violent thunderstorm strands six people in the gothic English countryside including Judy, who's traveling with her father and her cold, self-centered, stepmother. They are accompanied by a kind, modest, and mild-mannered businessman Ralph, who has picked up two hitchhikers, both British punk rock girls. They all wind up at a mansion inhabited by Gabriel and Hilary Hartwicke, charming elderly people who appear to be toy makers; their house literally abounds with dolls, puppets, and other beautifully detailed toys. One by one, the overnight guests are attacked by dolls who turn out to be cursed, immoral people that have been killed and imprisoned in toys to pay for their crimes by the owners of the house, who are actually witches. Judy's father and stepmother end up being punished by the dolls for their lack of love towards their daughter , while the two female punks are also punished for trying to steal antiques from the house. One of the punks is brutally beaten by the dolls, smashing her into the bottom of the wall before dragging her into the attic to become one of them, the other is killed by a group of toy soldiers. However, since the dolls like those who are pure at heart  or young at heart , they are spared, although Ralph was almost also killed by the dolls for trying to prove the dolls are not alive out of fear, but was saved by Judy's pleading for his life. The movie ends with Ralph and Judy, who were knocked out by Judy's father during a brawl at the climax of the movie, leaving the house together after being bid farewell by Gabriel and Hilary, who even invite them to come back whenever they want, knowing they show respect to the childhood world and its mysteries. As they both drive away from the mansion, another car with another family with a set of obnoxious parents suddenly arrives and their car breaks down, seemingly stuck in the mud, yards from the mansion."] ['Set in contemporary England, the film follows Doctor Brockton  who learns that in the caves of the countryside, a troglodyte is alive and might be able to be helped and even domesticated. She gets the creature to the surface and attempts to get him to breed, but runs into trouble as a few people oppose this, especially a local businessman afraid of negative commercial consequences, Sam Murdock . Murdock frees the creature, leading to a rampage.'] ['{{expand section}} After getting Apocalypse Inc. out of town, the Toxic Avenger has nothing to do. He tries to get a job but fails, as a normal job is no place for a hideously deformed creature of superhuman size and strength. Until one day, Toxie is told that his blind girlfriend Claire has a chance to see again, but it will cost a great deal of money. When the famous superhero gets the opportunity to work as a spokesman for Apocalypse Inc., he agrees so he can get money for Claire. As he was unaware of the evil nature of his employers, Apocalypse Inc. took over Tromaville and enslaved the populace. After Claire\'s surgery, she opens up Toxie\'s eyes and it is revealed that the Devil himself is the chairman of Apocalypse Inc. Things begin to make a change for the worse as the Toxic Avenger will be transformed back to his original form, the dorky Melvin Junko, and must face a showdown with the Devil. The Toxic Avenger battles the Devil through the "Five Levels of Doom" trial ordeal.'] ["Precipitated by the premise that Gamera self-destructed to destroy several Gyaos in 1973, the tale picks up thirty three years later, when the son of one of the survivors of that incident finds an unusual egg, from which a baby turtle hatches. The boy, Toru, raises the creature, quickly realizing it as remarkable in that it hovers and breathes fire. The creature quickly outgrows the house, is relocated by Toru and his friends to maintain secrecy, and then disappears. Concurrently, many shipping disasters occur in the area, the cause of which is the kaiju Zedus, which soon thereafter rampages through the city. It corners Toru and his friends, but the boy's former pet, now significantly larger, intercedes. The young Gamera is wounded in the fight and captured by government officials, who hook the creature up to a machine which infuses it with liquid derived from mysterious red stones found in the vicinity of egg, and which scientists theorise gives Gameras their power. Zedus attacks again, and the Gamera, now larger, goes out to battle him. The human characters determine that the still-immature Gamera must consume the red stone which Toru had found with the egg in order to fully realize its powers. The egg is located and, with some difficulty, delivered to Toru, who throws it into the Gamera's mouth during the battle. The Gamera's power of rocket-propelled flight manifests, and it defeats Zedus by breathing a fireball at it. The kaiju escapes further government investigation with Toru's assistance, and flies off as the boy wishes him farewell."] ['In the autumn of 1932, at the height of the Great Depression in New York City, Ann Darrow  has lost her job as a vaudeville actress but is hired by troubled filmmaker Carl Denham  to act in his new motion picture. Ann signs on when she learns her favourite playwright Jack Driscoll  is the screenwriter. As their tramp steamer SS&nbsp;Venture sails to the mysterious Skull Island, they slowly fall in love. As for Carl, a warrant is out for his arrest and Captain Englehorn  begins to have second thoughts, following the fears of his crew about Skull Island and its strange creatures that have evolved alone from the outside world. Deep in the southern seas the "Venture" receives a radio message from her owners informing the Captain about Denhams\' arrest warrant and instructing him to divert to Rangoon immediately. Despite his attempt to turn around, the ship is lost in fog and runs aground on the rocks encircling the island. Carl and his crew explore the island to film and are attacked by the vicious natives, degenerated descendents of a once great civilisation. Mike ([[Craig Hall , the sound technician, is speared, one of the sailors has his head bashed in, and Jack is knocked out. Ann screams as she is captured, and a roar beyond the wall responds. The matriarch of the tribe vows to sacrifice her to "Kong", a 25&nbsp;ft  tall gorilla, and the last of its kind. Englehorn and his crew break up the attack and return to the stranded ship. They lighten their load to float off the rocks and carry out repairs to the hull, but Jack discovers Ann has been kidnapped. On the island, Ann is hung from a primitive drawbridge on the side of the wall. The crew comes armed, but is too late as Kong takes Ann into the jungle. But as time passes in her captivity, Ann manages to entertain and win over Kong with juggling and dancing, and begins to grasp Kongs\' great intelligence and capacity for emotion. Captain Englehorn organizes a rescue party to find Ann and hunt down the beast. The rescue party is caught up in a Venatosaurus pack\'s hunt of Apatosaurus, and Herb ([[John Sumner , the cameraman, is killed along with three sailors. The rest of the rescue party come across a swamp where Bruce Baxter  and two others leave the group. The landing party survivors make their way across a giant fallen log, whereupon Kong arrives and attacks, shaking them off the log into a ravine. He returns to rescue Ann from three Vastatosaurus Rex, and takes her up to his mountain lair. Englehorn and the rest of the crew save what is left of the rescue party from the pit of giant insects, and as Jack decides to continue to search for Ann, Carl decides to capture Kong. Jack goes to Kong\'s lair, waking him. As Kong fights a swarm of flying Terapusmordax, Ann and Jack escape by grabbing the wing of one of the bats and then jumping into a river. They arrive at the village wall with the angry Kong following them, and Ann becomes distraught by what Carl plans to do. Kong bursts through the gate and struggles to get her back, but he is eventually knocked out by chloroform. In New York, in the late winter of 1933 - upon the unintentionally triumphant return of the expedition - a now feted and successful Carl presents a chained Kong&nbsp; the Eighth Wonder of the World on Broadway, starring Baxter and an imprisoned Kong. Ann has become an anonymous chorus girl and a double of her is no replacement in Kong\'s eyes. Camera flashes from photographers enrage the gorilla. Kong breaks free from his chrome-steel chains and chases Jack across town, where he encounters Ann again. They share a quiet moment on a frozen lake in Central Park, Kong joyfully entranced by his first experience of ice and snow, before the army unexpectedly attacks. Kong climbs with Ann onto the dome of the Empire State Building, where he fights off a flight of six Curtiss Falcon fighter planes sent to attack him, downing three of them. Ultimately, Kong is hit by several bursts of gunfire from the surviving planes, and gazes at a distraught Ann for the last time before falling off the building to his death. Ann is greeted by Jack, and the reporters gather around Kong\'s carcass. Carl takes one last look and says, "It wasn\'t the airplanes. It was Beauty killed the Beast."'] ['An outsider visits a remote isolated village that has seemingly shunned the modern life. Doctor Del Shaw, an investigator from the British ecological watchdog group nicknamed Doomwatch, is sent to the island of Balfe, to file a report on the effects of a recent oil tanker spill. He becomes fascinated with the mysterious behavioural disorders of the locals who display rudeness and random aggression and a strange genetic prevalence of thick lips and sloping brows. Investigation shows that the villagers have been suffering over a prolonged period from hormonal disorders, which are being caused by leaking drums of growth stimulants that have been dumped offshore. The islanders have been eating contaminated fish and are in turn developing acromegaly, a disorder of excessive hormonal growth, usually the result of family interbreeding, which produces aggression and eventually madness. Rather than seek help from the mainland they hide those who are deformed from any newcomers...'] [' Somewhere in Morocco, Frank Cotton  buys an antique puzzle box from a dealer. Back in the attic of his house in London, Frank solves the puzzle box, prompting hooked chains to emerge from it and tear deep into his flesh. Black robed, horribly mutilated humanoids appear and attack Frank with hooked chains, tearing him into pieces. Their leader Pinhead , picks up the box and twists it back into its original state, taking Frank\'s dissected physical remnants back to their realm with them and restoring the room to normal. Sometime later, Frank\'s brother Larry ([[Andrew Robinson  arrives at the house along with his second wife, Julia , who previously had an affair with Frank. The pair know Frank as an avowed hedonist and petty criminal, and, presuming that he is in jail in some exotic location, decide to move in. Larry\'s teenage daughter, Kirsty Cotton , chooses not to live with her stepmother and moves into her own place. While moving into the house, Larry cuts his hand on a nail, and drips blood on the attic floor. The blood somehow reaches Frank in his prison in the humanoids\' realm, partially restoring his body and allowing him to escape to the attic. That night, Julia finds Frank (now portrayed by [[Oliver Smith  in the attic; still obsessed with him after their affair, she agrees to harvest blood for him so that he can fully restore his body and they can run away together. The next day, Julia begins picking up men in bars and bringing them back to the house, where she murders them with a hammer; Frank then consumes their blood and internal organs, progressively regenerating his own body. Once he has regained enough strength, Frank explains to Julia that he had exhausted all sensory experiences and sought out the puzzle box on the promise that it would open a portal to a realm of new carnal pleasures. Instead, it opened up a portal to the realm of the "Cenobites," who have since taken Frank as their prisoner and subjected him to extreme, sadomasochistic torture. Meanwhile, Kirsty spies Julia bringing men to the house and, believing her to be having an affair, follows her to the attic one afternoon, where she interrupts a murder. Frank attacks her, but panics when Kirsty grabs the puzzle box. Kirsty throws the box out the window, creating enough of a distraction for her to escape. Outside the house, she retrieves the puzzle box and runs away, but collapses from exhaustion shortly thereafter. After being taken to the hospital, Kirsty solves the puzzle box, summoning the Cenobites. Their leader explains that while the Cenobites have been perceived as angels and demons, they are simply "explorers" of carnal experience, practicing a form of sadomasochism so extreme that it transcends the boundary between pain and pleasure. Although they initially attempt to force Kirsty to return with them to their realm, the Leader becomes indignant at the suggestion one of their "subjects" has escaped, and agrees to consider freeing Kirsty in exchange for taking them to Frank. Kirsty returns home, where Larry tells her that he has confronted and killed Frank. Julia shows her a flayed corpse in the attic, and shortly after the Cenobites show up. Kirsty attempts to escape with Larry, but his language and mannerisms ultimately lead Kirsty to realize that Frank (now portrayed by [[Andrew Robinson  has in fact killed her father, and is wearing his skin. Frank pursues Kirsty through the house with a knife, inadvertently killing Julia in the process. He eventually corners Kirsty in the attic, where he brags about having killed his brother. The admission summons up the Cenobites, who ensnare him with chains and tear him to pieces. They then attempt to renege on their deal with Kirsty and take her back to their realm. Kirsty\'s boyfriend, Steve, arrives and looks for Kirsty. Kirsty defeats the Cenobites by reversing the motions needed to open the puzzle box, sending them back to their realm. Kirsty and Steve leave the house together. Afterwards, Kirsty tries to burn the box in a garbage dump. A vagrant enters the flames and retrieves the box before transforming into a winged creature and flying away. The box ends back in the hands of the merchant who sold it to Frank, asking another prospective customer, "What\'s your pleasure, sir?".'] ["Four young adults–Dave, Susan, Jim and Jim's girlfriend–head into the woods to look for a lost scientist, Dr. Arthur Watermann. The friends have a picnic and glimpse a mysterious castle in the woods. They find that Dr. Watermann's cabin seems to have been destroyed. A forest ranger, who is Asmodeus in human form, watches over the teenagers. When the group stumbles into a cave, a strange old man presents them with an ancient book filled with magical lore and symbols. Asmodeus sends monsters–a giant ape-like creature, and a giant green-skinned fur-clad creature–to retrieve the book from them at all costs. The ape-like creature kills the old man. The castle seems to have disappeared, however the friends discover that it has been rendered invisible by magic. After killing Jim, Asmodeus reveals his true form, that of a winged red demon. Asmodeus kills Jim's girlfriend and then attacks Dave and Susan. Dave and Susan flee to a cemetery and destroy the demon with a cross. As it dies, the cemetery explodes,{{clarify}} killing Susan. Dave sees a shadowy giant who prophecies that Dave will be dead in one year and one day; Dave loses his sanity, and is confined to a mental hospital. One year and one day later, an evil-faced Susan arrives at the hospital to visit him. With the end credits the film ends with the end? leaving the audience to wonder if the story will ever continue and that Susan is still possessed by Asmodeus."] ['In a post-apocalyptic future, human survivors are fighting a group of mutant monsters they refer to as "Gargoyles". These creatures reproduce quickly by raping human women and impregnating them. The gestation period is short and deadly. The creatures are very strong and merciless. They are vulnerable to the high-pitched frequency of a dog whistle . The film revolves around a group of humans fighting the "Gargoyles" from an underground bunker. Abortion becomes a topic of debate between the humans when one of the characters is raped by one of the creatures; they are unsure if the woman is pregnant by her human partner or the monster. It soon becomes clear who the real father is.'] ['{{Plot}} Adam  and Harley  drive across the country so Adam can tell his ex-girlfriend he still loves her before she gets married. After an encounter with a hearse, the two stop at a pub. They see a monster truck rally on TV and Harley mocks the people watching it. As they are driving away, a giant monster truck drives them off the road. Later on, they have to siphon gasoline from an abandoned RV. However, it is revealed that the RV has a mutilated body inside and the RV is surrounded by truck tracks that form a pentagram. They later stop at a gas station and see the same monster truck. Adam sees the strange-looking driver and Harley urinates in the cab of the monster truck before they speed away. At a hotel, Adam and Harley wake up with roadkill in their beds; they find a hitchhiker named Sarah  sleeping in the backseat when they get to the car. Sarah eventually has sex with Adam. Later, they witness the monster truck run over a man, and they meet a man missing an arm who tells them the creature in the monster truck takes people\'s limbs, but lets the victims live. Afterwards, the three drive through a ghost town with many scarecrows. They find a diner at the end of the town and begin to eat, but Adam finds they are eating human flesh. They panic and run away. After being chased by the man in the monster truck, their car is destroyed. Adam, Harley, and Sarah run into the woods and the man follows them. He finally catches up with them and shoves Harley into a tree, supposedly killing him, and kidnaps Sarah. Adam follows him to a shack covered with pentagrams, severed limbs, and a man whose entire middle section has been crushed. Adam finally finds Sarah and tries to escape, but Sarah knocks him unconscious. Sarah and the man, Bob, are brother and sister. They tie Adam to a table while the "corpse" with the crushed midsection, Fred, explains that Bob accidentally ran him over, crushing his midsection and sending Bob through the windshield. Sarah says she stitched Fred up and used black magic to bring him back to life. Fred explains that they can use other people\'s limbs to add to his own body as long as the donor stays alive and they could only transfer entire bodies if the body was prepared correctly. Sarah says that they needed someone easy to prepare and Adam was the right person. Previous events begin to make sense to Adam. Everything that happened to Adam and Harley before was preparing Adam so that Fred could have his body: stepping into a pentagram with a mutilated body, sleeping with roadkill, Sarah having sex with him, and eating human flesh. Adam manages to escape and kills Sarah by slashing her throat. He also cuts Fred in half when he gets up and starts to attack him. Meanwhile, Bob locks the door. When Adam tries to leave, Bob swallows the key. After a fight, Adam blinds Bob with a pencil. Fred trips Adam, who gets a nose bleed. Bob senses the blood and tells Adam that he can track him now with his own blood. Adam quickly thinks and leads a trail of blood to a blade that is stuck in a door. The plan works and Bob is impaled by the blade. Adam reaches into Bob\'s impaled stomach and takes the key that was swallowed. Outside, Bob chases Adam, but is run over by his own monster truck driven by Harley. Harley remarks he was playing dead and apologizes to Adam, and Adam gives up on getting Betty-Ann to fall in love with him. Adam then continues to run over Bob with the monster truck. At the end, the mutilated remains of Bob are seen saying "You can\'t kill me."'] ['Deep in the Amazon Rainforest, a well-preserved woman dating from the ice age is found encased in amber. Her body is then loaded onto an airplane to be taken to a military facility where she can be studied by scientists. En route to the military base, the plane is hijacked by a renegade group whose intent is to sell the specimen to the government for a ransom. The plane crashes into a mountain ski resort causing an avalanche and trapping all of the vacationing teenagers inside of the hotel. The woman, whose body only functions when kept cold, awakens and begins randomly killing the survivors by freezing them from the inside. One of the teens has an uncle searching for them on the outside, but he too is battling his own demons which stem from his alcoholism. This leads to a delay in the arrival of assistance in the ski resort town. The final showdown occurs with Johnny pulling the sexually invigorated Ice Queen into a hot tub which dissolves her body.'] ['Seth Brundle , a brilliant but eccentric scientist, meets Veronica Quaife , a journalist for Particle magazine, at a meet-the-press event held by Bartok Science Industries, the company that provides funding for Brundle\'s work. Seth takes Veronica back to the warehouse that serves as both his home and laboratory, and shows her a project that will change the world: a set of "Telepods" that allows instantaneous teleportation of an object from one pod to another. Veronica eventually agrees to document Seth\'s work. Although the Telepods can transport inanimate objects, they do not work properly on living things, as is demonstrated when a live baboon is turned inside-out during an experiment. Seth and Veronica begin a romantic relationship. Their first sexual encounter provides inspiration for Seth, who successfully reprograms the Telepod computer to cope with living creatures, and teleports a second baboon with no apparent harm. Flushed with this success, Brundle wants to spend a romantic evening with Veronica, but she suddenly departs before they can celebrate. Brundle\'s judgment soon becomes impaired by alcohol and his fear that Veronica is secretly rekindling her relationship with her editor and former lover, Stathis Borans . In reality, Veronica has left to confront Borans about a veiled threat of his  to publish the Telepod story without her consent. Upset, Brundle teleports himself in Veronica\'s absence, unaware that a common housefly is in the pod with him. Brundle emerges from the receiving pod, seemingly normal. Seth and Veronica reconcile, and, shortly after his teleportation, Seth begins to exhibit what at first appear to be beneficial effects of the process—such as increased strength, stamina and sexual potency. He believes this to be a result of the teleporting process "purifying" his body as it was being rebuilt. However, he soon becomes violent, and eventually realizes that something went horribly wrong when his fingernails begin falling off. Brundle checks his computer\'s records, and discovers that the Telepod computer, confused by the presence of two separate life-forms in the sending pod, merged him with the fly at the molecular-genetic level. Over the next few weeks, Brundle continues to deteriorate, losing various body parts and becoming progressively less human in appearance. He theorizes that he is slowly becoming a hybrid creature that is neither human nor insect . He starts to exhibit fly-like characteristics, such as vomiting digestive enzymes onto his food in order to dissolve it, and the ability to cling to walls and ceilings. Brundle realizes that he is losing his human reason and compassion, and that he is now being driven by primitive impulses he cannot control. Attempting to find a cure for his condition, Brundle installs a fusion program into the Telepod computer in order to dilute the fly genes in his body with pure human DNA. To her horror, Veronica learns that she is pregnant by Seth, and she cannot be sure if the child was conceived before or after his fateful teleportation. Veronica and Borans persuade a reluctant doctor to perform an abortion in the middle of the night, but Brundle abducts Veronica before the abortion can be carried out, and begs her to carry the child to term, since it could potentially be the last remnant of his untainted humanity. Veronica refuses, afraid that the child will be a hideous mutant. Meanwhile, Borans breaks into Brundle\'s lab with a shotgun and comes to Veronica\'s rescue, but is seriously injured and nearly killed by the almost fully transformed Brundle, who dissolves Borans\' left hand and right foot with his corrosive vomit-drop enzyme. Brundle then reveals his desperate, last-ditch plan to Veronica — he will use the three Telepods  to fuse himself, Veronica, and their unborn child together into one entity, so they can be the "ultimate family". Veronica frantically resists Brundle\'s efforts to drag her into Telepod 1 and then accidentally tears off his jaw, triggering his final transformation into a monstrous combination of man and insect. The "Brundlefly" traps Veronica inside Telepod 1, then steps into Telepod 2. However, the wounded Borans manages to sever the power cables connected to Veronica\'s Telepod with his shotgun, allowing Veronica to escape unharmed. Breaking out of its own pod as the fusion process is activated, Brundlefly is gruesomely fused with chunks of metal and other components from Telepod 2. As the mortally wounded Brundlefly-Telepod fusion creature crawls out of the receiving pod, it silently begs Veronica to end its suffering with Borans\' shotgun. Veronica hesitates for a moment, and then pulls the trigger, killing Brundle.'] ["After her mother's mysterious death, Abby Arcane  travels to the Florida swamps to confront her evil stepfather Dr. Arcane , who had been resurrected with a ludicrous explanation after his death in the first film. In an attempt to stave off the effects of aging, Dr. Arcane, assisted by Dr. Lana Zurrell , combines genes from various swamp animals and human beings, creating an army of monsters. Dr. Arcane tries to use his stepdaughter Abby in his genetic experiments until she is rescued by Swamp Thing , a scientist previously transformed into a bog creature after a confrontation with the evil doctor, and a conscience-stricken Dr. Zurrell."] ['We Are the Strange focuses on "two diametrically opposed outcasts" as they "fight for survival in a sinister fantasy world." These two outcasts are an abused woman named Blue who has a mysterious degenerative disease and a living doll named eMMM. The two meet in the Forest of Still Life, where Blue follows eMMM to Stopmo City on a search for his ideal ice cream parlor. Upon arriving in Stopmo City, they are caught in the middle of a fierce battle between bizarre monsters, making their progress difficult. Thankfully, a hero named Rain appears and easily destroys every monster that faces him. Blue meets Rain before he partakes in an "impossible battle against the source of all that is evil in Stopmo City." During the battle, Rain, along with Ori are crushed by Him after Rain states he wants to avenge his son. When the outlook seems grim, a fist made of aluminum foil breaks through the ground and starts the final showdown between good and evil. Six alternate soundtracks and author\'s commentary, including soundtrack by Noise Inc. are available on the DVD. The music used in We Are the Strange Trailer has been made by chiptune artist YERZMYEY/AY-RIDERS  using ZX Spectrum computer.'] ['After she is administered the drug pentothal by psychiatrists Dr. Erik Lorimer and Dr. Wayne McGregor, nurse Jane Marvin recalls a series events from her forgotten past when she was known as Joyce Webster. Joyce has just married a young man named Paul Webster. Aboard their honeymoon train, Paul receives a telegram and, in a panic, immediately leaves the train to make a phone call. When the train pulls out, Paul is missing, having vanished without a word to Joyce. Throughout the following months, Joyce employs private detectives and conducts her own search for her husband to no avail, until one day, she discovers the address of the Cypresses Plantation that Paul entered on his college enrollment forms. Joyce takes the next train to the whistle stop town of Bayou Landing in the heart of Louisiana swamp country. While sitting forlornly at the rail station, she meets Mannon, a handyman at the Cypresses, and asks him to drive her there. As they proceed deeper in the swamps, Joyce is horrified when Mannon tries to run over an alligator and then exhibits the hook where a gator bit off his hand. At the plantation, Joyce introduces herself to Lavinia Hawthorne, the Cypresses’ stern mistress. When Joyce suggests that Paul once lived at the plantation, Lavinia bristles and calls her a liar. Joyce has missed the last train back to town, so Lavinia reluctantly invites her to stay the night under the proviso that she not leave her room. That night, Joyce is disquieted by the sound of gunshots, and when she tries to open the door to her room, she discovers it is locked. When the maid Lou Ann delivers Joyce’s dinner tray, she warns that the house is deeply troubled and advises her to leave as soon as possible. Later, Lavinia notifies Mark Sinclair, a doctor who operates a clinic on the plantation, that Paul’s wife is there. At the clinic, Mark administers an injection to an agitated patient who is swathed in bandages. Soon after, Lavinia arrives to confer about how to deal with Joyce. At the house, meanwhile, Joyce hears the strains of a piano and slips out of her room to investigate. As she descends the stairs, she sees a man in a robe, his face in shadows, seated at the piano and fails to recognize the shadowy figure as Paul. When Joyce enters the room, Paul flees, leaving behind a trail of muddy footprints. Paul, his face terribly disfigured, stops Lavinia’s car and in a distorted voice, insists that Joyce leave as soon as possible. The next morning, Mark comes to the house to question Joyce, and sensing that he is withholding information about Paul, she refuses to leave. When Joyce demands that Lavinia tell her what she did to Paul, the older woman breaks down and confesses that Paul is her son. That night, as a storm rages, Paul, thinking that Joyce has gone, returns to the house. When Joyce sees him, he runs away and she follows him into the swamps. After a giant snake blocks her path, Joyce screams, and Mannon appears and carries her to his shack, where he assaults her. When Joyce tries to resist, Mannon slaps her unconscious, and Paul then bursts in, knocks Mannon down and takes Joyce back to the house. After his mother insists that Joyce be told the truth, Paul presses Mark to give him an untested cobalt treatment in hopes of curing his condition. Mark reluctantly agrees to give him the treatment the following evening after Joyce has been informed of the situation. The next morning, Mark summons Joyce to his lab and tells her about his experiments with reptilian hormones that are capable of regenerating limbs. He continues that after Paul was horribly mangled in a plane crash, Mark administered the serum to him and several other accident victims. The treatment appeared to be a great success, until his patients began to turn into reptiles. Mark explains that after Paul received the telegram notifying him that his tests were positive, he hurriedly left the train and came home in hopes of reversing his condition. When Joyce learns of Paul’s scheduled radical cobalt treatment, she insists on being present. That night, Paul encounters Joyce at the clinic and turns away from her in shame. After Joyce clasps his hand and reassures him of her love, Lavinia apologizes to her for her brusqueness. As Paul climbs onto the table and Mark aims the ray at him, Mannon bursts into the lab and destroys the control panel, shooting powerful rays at Paul that transform him into a giant alligator. Mannon is electrocuted to death while attacking Paul. Hearing his wife and mother scream in horror, Paul flees into the swamps and peering into the water, sees his reflection. Joyce scrambles after him, but after wrestling an alligator, Paul stumbles into quicksand and slowly sinks out of sight to the sound of Joyce’s shrieks. Meanwhile, the lab is destroyed in an explosion. Back in the present, the psychiatrists review the tapes of Joyce’s ordeal and, concluding that her amnesia has allowed her to suppress the horror and resume a normal life, they decide not to tell her about her life as Joyce Webster. The film is set in the Southern United States and is one of many monster B-movies released in the era.'] ["In the pre-credits sequence, an unnamed woman  is strangled by an unidentified man after finishing a shower. Following the credits, Joseph Javorsky , a noted Soviet scientist, arrives in Yucca Flat in the United States after defecting. Javorsky is carrying a briefcase with various military secrets; the film's narrator alludes to information about a Soviet moon landing. As Javorsky disembarks from his plane, he and his American contacts are attacked by a pair of KGB assassins . While the Americans stay to fight off the KGB agents, Javorsky flees into the desert, walking for a great distance, and removing much of his clothing. Wandering in range of an American nuclear test, radiation transforms Javorsky into a mindless beast. He proceeds to kill a couple in their car on a nearby road, prompting pursuit from two police officers named Jim Archer  and Joe Dobson . Meanwhile, a vacationing family ventures along the same road. After stopping at a service station, the family's two young sons  wander off into the surrounding desert where they eventually encounter and escape from Javorsky. Their father  searches for them, but is mistaken for the killer by one of the police officers, who is searching for the murderer from the air in a small plane. The officer opens fire with a high-powered rifle on the innocent man, who manages to escape. Eventually the family is reunited and the police shoot and kill Javorsky. A wild rabbit appears and nuzzles his lifeless body."] ['In the year 2008, extensive rainfall has caused large areas of London to be under a foot or more of water. Rookie police officer Dick Durkin  is assigned to partner Harley Stone , a burnt-out and highly cynical homicide detective who, according to his commanding officer, survives on "Anxiety, coffee and chocolate" after being unable to prevent the murder of his partner by a serial killer several years previously. Now however, the murders have begun again and Stone and Durkin are assigned the case. After investigating the scenes of several killings, they appear no closer to identifying the killer, with their only clues being that the murders seem to be linked to the lunar cycle, and that the killer has multiple recombinant DNA strands, having absorbed the DNA of seemingly anything he kills. Finally, after Stone\'s girlfriend Michelle  is kidnapped, the detectives track the killer deep into the flooded and disused London Underground system and discover the truth: The killer is not human, and actually some horrific and unknown homicidal, demonic form of life - Fast, savage, bloodthirsty and fixated upon killing Stone just as it previously killed his partner. In fact, as the movie progresses, each killing and "appearance" of the monster is an attempt to lure Stone closer and closer. After a tense battle in and around an abandoned Tube Train, Stone is able to pull the monster\'s heart from its chest and kill it. However, as the policemen leave the scene with Michelle in a rescue dinghy, bubbles of air are seen breaking the surface of the area of water over which the beast had Michelle suspended as bait. The monster\'s body is submerged, suggesting that there may be more than one.'] ['The Southern Engineering Company is trying to drain the swamp of Cajun Country for the public good. However, the efforts are being hampered by the superstitions of the workers, who believe the area to be haunted by the mummy and his bride. Two representatives of the Scripps Museum, Dr. James Halsey  and Dr. Ilzor Zandaab , arrive on the scene and present their credentials to the head of the project, Pat Walsh . They have come to search for the missing mummies, buried in the swamp years earlier. Their conversation is interrupted by the news that a workman has been murdered in the swamps. Evidence at the scene convinces Halsey that the murderer has found the mummy of Kharis. Later that evening, Zandaab sneaks into the swamp and meets Ragheb . Ragheb is a disciple of the Arkam sect, and Zandaab is secretly a High Priest. The follower killed the worker that unearthed Kharis, and has taken the immobile monster to a deserted monastery. Zandaab explains the legend of Kharis and Ananka to Ragheb as he brews the tana leaves, giving instructions on their use. The old sacristan of the monastery  intrudes on their ritual, and is promptly executed by a risen Kharis. Meanwhile, in a breathtaking sequence, the mummy of Ananka  rises from the swamp after being partially uncovered by a bulldozer during the excavation. She immerses herself in a pond and the mud is washed away, revealing an attractive young woman. Cajun Joe  finds the girl wandering listlessly in the swamps, calling out the name "Kharis." He takes her to Tante Berthe , the owner of the local pub, who aids the girl. Later, Kharis finds her there and murders Berthe, as Ananka flees into the night. Ananka is soon found lying unconscious beside the road by Halsey and Betty Walsh , the niece of Pat Walsh. While in their care, and although apparently suffering from amnesia, the girl displays an incredible knowledge of ancient Egypt. Her stay at Halsey\'s camp is again interrupted by the appearance of Kharis, and the kindly physician, Dr. Cooper , is killed. She again takes flight, and Halsey and the others go in search of her. Fleeing the monster after he attacks and kills Cajun Joe, she comes to Betty\'s tent seeking refuge. Certainly, Kharis can\'t be far behind. He enters the tent and whisks away his Princess, leaving the horrified Betty unhurt. Betty asks Ragheb for his help in finding Dr. Halsey. The treacherous disciple has other ideas, and takes her to the monastery instead. Zandaab, having already administered the tana fluid to the young Ananka, is angered to find Ragheb making advances on Betty. He orders her death, but Ragheb kills him instead. Halsey arrives, tracking them from the camp after finding Betty\'s tent destroyed. A struggle ensues between Ragheb and Halsey, until Kharis intervenes. The creature, sensing Ragheb\'s betrayal, advances on his former ally. Locking himself inside a cell like room, Ragheb is powerless to do anything but watch as Kharis literally brings down the walls on the two of them. Halsey, Betty and the rest find the mummified remains of Ananka in the adjoining room.'] ['Cathal  is a killer who is pursuing his former lover Mary . Mary, a woman who comes from an ancient and magical Celtic race, and her son Fergal , hide in an outlying district of Edinburgh and use magic to protect themselves, but Cathal is determined to outsmart them. Local residents begin to die at the hands of an unknown force, but is Cathal the killer, or is he trying to destroy the beast?{{cite web}}'] ['In Egypt in 1895, archaeologists John Banning , his father Stephen  and his uncle Joseph Whemple  are searching for the tomb of Princess Ananka, the high priestess of the god Karnak. John has a broken leg and cannot accompany his father and uncle when they open the tomb. Before they enter, an Egyptian man named Mehemet Bey  warns them not to go in, lest they face the fatal curse against desecraters. Stephen and Joseph ignore him, and discover within the sarcophagus of Ananka. After Joseph leaves to tell John the good news, Stephen finds the Scroll of Life and reads from it. He then screams off-screen and is found in a catatonic state. Three years later, back in England, Stephen Banning comes out of his catatonia at the Engerfield Nursing Home for the Mentally Disordered, and sends for his son. He tells him that when he read from the Scroll of Life, he unintentionally brought back to life Kharis , the mummified high priest of Karnak. He was sentenced to be entombed alive to serve as the guardian of Princess Ananka\'s tomb as punishment for attempting to bring her back to life out of forbidden love. Now, Stephen tells his disbelieving son that Kharis will hunt down and kill all those who desecrated Ananka\'s tomb. Meanwhile, Mehemet Bey, revealed as a devoted worshiper of Karnak, comes to Engerfield under the alias of Mehemet Akir to wreak vengeance on the Bannings. He hires a pair of drunken carters, Pat and Mike, to bring the slumbering Kharis in a crate to his rented home, but the two men foul up, and Kharis\' crate falls off and sinks into a bog. Later, using the Scroll of Life, Mehemet exhorts Kharis to rise from the muck, then sends him to murder Stephen Banning. When Kharis kills Joseph Whemple the next night, he does so before the eyes of John Banning, who shoots him with a revolver at close range to no effect. Police Inspector Mulrooney is assigned to solve the murders, but because he is skeptical and deals only in "cold, hard facts", he does not believe John\'s incredible story about a killer mummy, even when John figures that he is to be Kharis\' third victim. While Mulrooney investigates, John notices that his wife Isobel bears an uncanny resemblance to Princess Ananka. Listening to a man who saw the mummy walking, Mulrooney slowly begins to wonder if John is right. Mehemet Bey sends the mummy to the Bannings\' home to slay his final victim. However, when Isobel rushes to her husband\'s aid, Kharis sees her, releases John and leaves. Mehemet Bey mistakenly believes that Kharis has completed his task, and prepares to return to Egypt. John, suspecting him of being the one controlling the mummy, pays him a visit, much to his surprise. After John leaves, Mehemet Bey leads Kharis in a second attempt on John\'s life. The mummy knocks out Mulrooney, while Mehemet Bey deals with another policemen guarding the house. Kharis then finds and chokes John. Alerted by John\'s shots, Isobel once again causes Kharis to release him. When Mehemet orders Kharis to kill her, he refuses and kills Mehemet instead when he tries to finish her off himself. The mummy carries an unconscious Isobel into the swamp, followed by John, Mulrooney and other policemen. John yells to Isobel and when she regains consciousness, she tells Kharis to put her down. The mummy reluctantly obeys and when Isobel has moved away from him, the policemen open fire, causing Kharis to sink into a mire, taking the Scroll of Life with him.'] ["An Ancient Egyptian priest called Imhotep  is revived when an archaeological expedition led by Sir Joseph Whemple  finds Imhotep's mummy. Despite the warning of his friend Dr. Muller , Sir Joseph's assistant Ralph Norton , recklessly reads aloud an ancient life-giving spell. Imhotep escapes from the archaeologists, taking the Scroll of Thoth, and prowls Cairo seeking the reincarnation of the soul of his ancient lover, Princess Ankh-es-en-amon. Ten years later, Imhotep calls upon Sir Joseph's son Frank  and Prof. Pearson , claims that his name is Ardath Bey, a modern Egyptian , and shows them where to dig to find Ankh-es-en-amon's tomb. The archaeologists find the tomb and give the mummy and the treasures to the Cairo Museum. The archaeologists thank Imhotep for giving them the information of where to find the tomb. Imhotep was once mummified alive for attempting to resurrect her, and, upon finding Helen Grosvenor , a woman bearing a striking resemblance to the Princess, he attempts to kill her, with the intention of mummifying her corpse, bringing it back to life using the ancient scroll, and making her his bride. In the end, she is saved when she remembers her past life and prays to the goddess Isis to save her. The prayer causes a ray from the statue of Isis to burst out raising its arm to point a glowing ankh at Bey. He ages and crumbles into dust. Frank then calls Helen back to the world of the living as the Scroll of Thoth burns."] ['As people are enjoying drinks in a bar, a man covered in blood - identified onscreen as "Hero"  - enters through the door and warns them all of impending danger. No one heeds his warning, so he shows the bar patrons the head of a repulsive creature to make them take him seriously. He is soon pulled through a window and decapitated by one of the monsters, amusingly just after it was implied that his chances of survival were very high. After the carnage, a woman - "Heroine"  - bursts through the door and reveals herself to be the recently deceased man\'s wife. After a brief sentimental moment between the wife and her late husband, they begin boarding up the windows in the bar. Despite their efforts, a young monster bursts through an uncovered window and begins decapitating the people inside the bar. It dismembers one of the women - "Harley Mom"  - and it is initially assumed that she died from massive blood loss. The monster disappears for some time, then is found attempting to sexually penetrate one of the deer heads nailed to the wall. A shotgun blast removes the deer head and monster from the wall. The monster drops into a freezer which is then sealed shut, trapping it inside. Following this, the remaining windows are boarded up and the bar patrons are given a moment of peace. Trying to call for help, they learn that the only phone in the bar has been hit by a stray shotgun blast and has been rendered useless. After a short breather, one of the women - "Tuffy"  - suddenly realizes that her son is still upstairs and runs to get him. Once she finds her child the group rejoices until the boy is pulled through a window and eaten by one of the monsters, leaving only his sneaker behind. Tuffy is now incapacitated by grief, and the monster then vomits a stream of slime at one of the group - "Beer Guy" . As the remaining people regroup downstairs, they realize that the slime has a decomposing effect and that the victim is being slowly overcome by its effects. The group kills the young monster in the freezer and hangs it outside. The monster\'s parents quickly have sex and produce two offspring in a matter of seconds, all of whom begin to attack the pub with renewed fury. Meanwhile, one of the women - "Honey Pie" ([[Jenny Wade  - begins washing off the blood and has to take off her clothes, much to the amusement of the others. The patrons regroup and enact various attempts to escape or drive off the monsters, all of which lead to more casualties, including the accidental death of the Heroine at the hands of another character . Driven by rage over the death of her child, Tuffy aggressively takes charge of the remaining survivors, which results in the audience seeing her nickname change from "Tuffy" to "Heroine 2". "Honey Pie" successfully makes it to a truck, giving the other characters brief cause for hope . After many attacks and ultimately, a fight to the death between the last remaining humans and monsters, only four people survive the ordeal: Bozo, Hot Wheels, Tuffy , and Honey Pie. One person - "Grandma"  - seems to survive but is seen being attacked by one of the remaining monsters at the end of the film.'] 