["Millions of years ago, a titanic terror from another realm arrived to destroy the planet Earth. Named Death-Ghidorah, this three-headed dragon was forced to deal with resistance in the form of a species of highly advanced, enormous moths. These monsters were the protectors of the Elias, a race of tiny, humanlike beings who inhabited the planet. After the ensuing battle, Desghidorah was defeated and sealed within the Earth, although a great deal of life on the planet Earth was lost. Three Elias sisters, Moll, Lora and Belvera, were all who were left of their once prosperous civilization. Though the benevolence of Moll and Lora was undeterred, Belvera became twisted and vengeful due to the mass extinction of her race. These tiny fairies, along with one final guardian named Mothra, lingered on for thousands of millenniums. To preserve her species, Mothra created an egg in 1996; however, she became physically exhausted from the ordeal. Shortly thereafter, a logging company uncovered the subterranean prison of the demonic hydra that had ravaged the Earth so long ago. When the seal that had bound the creature was removed from the area, one of the workers of the company took it home and gave it to his young daughter, Wakaba, as a souvenir. Seizing the advantage, Belvera controls Wakaba and uses her to torment her brother Taiki, reminding Belvera of her hatred towards her sisters. Moll and Lora, riding a super moth named Fairy, fought Belvera for control of the artifact. Belvera prevailed and managed to release Desghidorah from its rocky tomb to exact her warped plans for destruction of the human race. Mothra was summoned to halt the detestable dragon, which was absorbing the life out of the environment. She fought a long and difficult battle to repel her ancient adversary, and in response to her declining strength, her young son, named Mothra Leo, hatched prematurely to assist his mother. Though his energized silk seemed to turn the tide of battle in the favor of the protectors, Desghidorah sank the teeth of two of his heads deep into Leo and Mothra became desperate. She quickly airlifted her son to safety, and to keep Desghidorah at bay, lured the beast to a dam. With Desghidorah distracted by a wall of raging water, Mothra carried her son to safety. Unfortunately, Mothra's wounds, age, and exhaustion were ultimately too much. Her strength failed, and she plummeted into the sea below. The crestfallen larva attempted to save his beloved mother, but she sank in the ocean, to no avail. Angered, the young moth created a cocoon and began to change into his adult form. Desghidorah had to be defeated; his mother's death couldn't be in vain. Meanwhile, Desghidorah goes on a rampage, destroying everything in its path as the humans watch helplessly. Moll and Lora, who had befriended Taiki and Wakaba, encourage them to have hope that reminded them that Mothra will be reborn to save the Earth. Fortunately, Leo emerged into his adult form as a swarm of multi-colored butterflies. As the butterflies coalesced into one massive insect, Leo took to the air and headed back towards Desghidorah, righteous fury burning in his wake. Arriving in a hail of energy beams, Leo relentlessly blasted his mother's murderer, throwing wave upon wave of searing beams and energy blasts at Desghidorah, who could only feebly attempt to defend himself against this, the most powerful Mothra of all time. Drawing upon an ancient legacy, Leo relentlessly assaulted Desghidorah, eventually renewing the seal that bound the world destroyer beneath the soil of the earth. But his work was not done with the end of the fight. Drawing upon the power of life that filled his very being, Leo restored the balance to a blasted region that was deforested during the assault of Desghidorah. His work done for the time being, Leo went to his ancestral home and planet Earth was once again safe from Desghidorah. Moll and Lora thanked the children for helping them on their journey and returned home to Infant Island with their pet, Fairy, as Belvera, still vengeful, escaped into a hole in a tree."] ['Ichiro Miki  is a highly imaginative but lonely latchkey kid growing up in urban  Tokyo. Every day he comes home to his family\'s empty apartment. His only friends are a toymaker named Shinpei Inami  and a young girl named Sachiko . Every day after school, Ichiro is tormented by a gang of bullies led by a child named Sancho , whom Ichiro has nicknamed "Gabara." To escape his loneliness, Ichiro sleeps and dreams about visiting Monster Island. During his visit he witnesses Godzilla battle three Kamacuras and Ebirah, a giant sea monster. Ichiro is then chased by a rogue Kamacuras and falls into a deep cave, but luckily avoids being caught by Kamacuras. Shortly afterwards, Ichiro is rescued from the cave by Godzilla\'s Son, Minilla. Ichiro quickly learns that Minilla has bully problems too, as he is bullied by a monstrous ogre known as Gabara. Ichiro is then awoken by Shinpei who informs him that his mother must work late, again. Down on his luck Ichiro goes out to play, but is then frightened by the bullies and finds and explores an abandoned factory. After finding some souvenirs , Ichiro leaves the factory after hearing some sirens close by. After Ichiro leaves, two Bank Robbers  who were hiding out in the factory learn that Ichiro has found one of their drivers licenses and follow him in order to kidnap him. Later, Ichiro dreams again and reunites with Minilla. Together they both watch as Godzilla fights Ebirah, Kumonga, and some invading Jets. Then in the middle of Godzilla\'s fights, Gabara appears and Minilla is forced to battle him, and after a short and one-sided battle Minilla runs away in fear. Godzilla returns to train Minilla how to fight and use his own atomic ray. However, Ichiro is woken up this time by the Bank Robbers and is taken hostage by them for taking their stuff and as a means of protection from the authorities. Out of fear and being watched by the thieves, Ichiro calls for Minilla\'s help and falls asleep again where he witnesses Minilla being beaten up by Gabara again. Finally, Ichiro helps Minilla fight back at Gabara and eventually Minilla wins, catapulting the bully through the air by a seesaw-like log. Godzilla, who was in the area watching comes to congratulate his son for his victory, but is ambushed by a vengeful Gabara. Luckily after a short brawl, Godzilla beats down Gabara and sends the bully into retreat, never to bother Minilla again. Now from his experiences in his dreams, Ichiro learns how to face his fears and fight back, gaining the courage to outwit the thieves just in time for the police to arrive and arrest them. The next day, Ichiro stands up to Sancho and his gang and wins, regaining his pride and confidence in the process.'] ["A nuclear submarine on patrol maneuvers in the Pacific Ocean captained by Commander Pete Mathews , comes into contact with something the sonar determines is massive. The boat is disabled but manages to free itself and dock at Pearl Harbor. There it is discovered animal tissue of great proportions has jammed in its dive planes. A man-and-woman team of marine biologists, Lesley Joyce  and John Carter , is called in, and they identify the tissue as part of a gigantic octopus. The military authorities scoff at this explanation, but are finally persuaded to investigate upon receiving reports of missing bathers, and ships pulled under the water by some living thing. Over the following two weeks, as John and Lesley continue their investigation, Pete shows a personal interest in Lesley, who is only eager to return to her own research. The scientists conclude the octopus is from the Mindanao Deep and has been forced out of its natural habitat due to hydrogen bomb testing in the area. The testing has rendered the octopus radioactive, and this radioactivity drives off its natural food supply.http://movies.nytimes.com/movie/25501/It-Came-From-Beneath-the-Sea/overview John and Lesley speculate that unexplained disappearances of a Japanese fishing fleet and a Siberian seal boat may have been due to the octopus. Pete and the Navy representatives express doubt over this hypothesis, however, and demand further proof. Later, as Pete assists John and Lesley with departure arrangements, a report comes in of an attack on a French shipping boat, from which several men escaped in a raft. John and Lesley are once again pressed into service for the government. The French survivors are questioned by psychiatrists, but when the first sailor's description of an attack by a creature with giant tentacles is met with skepticism, the other sailors refuse to testify. Lesley is able to convince the first sailor to repeat his story for the government officials, who now have the evidence they need to back up the scientists' premise. The government then halts all sea traffic in the North Pacific without revealing the reason to other countries. John flies out to sea to trace a missing ship, while Pete and Lesley follow up a report of three missing people on the coast of Oregon. The local sheriff, Bill Nash , takes them to the site of the attack along the beach, where they find a giant suction imprint in the sand and request that John join them. While waiting, Pete and Lesley fish all day to no avail, and are convinced that the giant creature may be in the vicinity. After John arrives and the imprint is definitively identified as octopus, Pete demands Lesley leave the project, which now threatens to become dangerous, but she steadfastly refuses. When Bill is attacked along the beach by the creature in front of the scientists, they hastily arrange for the entire Pacific coast waters to be mined before departing for San Francisco and the Navy's central headquarters. An electrified safety net is strung underwater across the entrance to San Francisco Bay to protect the Golden Gate Bridge, which is also wired. John takes a helicopter along the shore and baits the sea with dead sharks in an effort to lure the octopus back inland. Lesley demonstrates to reporters a special jet-propelled atomic torpedo, with which they hope to shoot the creature and then drive it to sea before detonating the device. Later that day, the giant octopus demolishes the net across the Bay and heads toward San Francisco. The Navy orders the Golden Gate Bridge abandoned, but when John learns that the electric circuit on the bridge remains on, races out to shut it off. The creature then catches sight of the bridge and immediately becomes enraged. The bridge is attacked by the creature, but Pete rescues John before one section collapses. The residents of the city panic and begin a mass exodus down the peninsula, as the Navy struggles to evacuate the Embarcadero and the Ferry Building, which is then battered by the octopus. When several more people are attacked, the Defense Department authorizes Pete to launch his submarine and the atomic warhead. John joins Pete while Lesley remains at the base. Flame throwers push the octopus back into the sea, but when Pete shoots the creature, it grabs the submarine. Using an aqualung, Pete swims out to the octopus and places explosive charges on it before being knocked out by the creature's flailing arms. John then swims out, shoots the octopus in the eye, forcing it to release the ship, and pulls Pete to safety. Back at the base, as the creature turns toward open sea, the torpedo is detonated, destroying the giant octopus. Later, while celebrating, Lesley agrees to continue seeing Pete after she and John finish their next research project.http://www.tcm.com/tcmdb/title.jsp?stid=20074"] ["One of three student climbers is mysteriously killed on a mountain, his head ripped off. Two sisters are on a train to Geneva. Anne faints as they pass a mountain and on waking, she now knows all about the town and that there is something wrong with the mountain. She decides they should get off at the next stop, Trollenberg. She was part of a mind reading act in London. Alan, who was on the train with them, goes to an observatory a little way up the mountain, where Professor Crevett asks for his help. He is told that despite many accidents, dead bodies are never found on the mountain and a radioactive mist cloud is always on its south side. Similar incidents took place in the Andes three years earlier before suddenly vanishing without a trace. It is thought the monsters come from a very cold planet and make their own atmosphere, a rarefied mist. Anne is giving a mind-reading exhibition at the hotel when she sees the two men in a hut on the mountain. Dewhurst is asleep when the other, under a mental compulsion, walks out. She faints again. Alan phones the hut and finds out Brett has in fact left. The cloud has moved down to where the hut is and the other man hears a noise outside. Something horrible and unseen kills him. The cloud moves back up the mountain. An expedition from town goes to look for the two men. Anne back in town is uneasy and says the men should stay away from the hut. The hut is locked on the inside and everything is frozen. A body is found under the bed with its head torn off. Anne decides to investigate herself by cable car as a spotter plane arrives to search the mountain area. A man is spotted on the mountain but when the first rescuer gets there, all there is a rucksack. When he looks inside, he sees the man’s severed head. He is then attacked by a madman  with a mountain axe who kills the second rescuer. Anne feels a compulsion to climb the mountain but they stop her going past the observatory. Later Brett arrives back at the hotel, behaving weirdly, then tries to kill Anne but is knocked down. He hits his head but there is no blood from a wound. This was similar to incidents in the Andes where a man killed an old woman who had powers similar to Anne's, being able to receive thoughts. They arrived ten minutes too late to find him dead, as in dead for 24 hours. Brett kills a man and escapes from the room he was locked in and goes looking for Anne with a knife but is shot and killed by Alan. News is that the cloud is now coming down the mountain toward the village. They decide to retreat to the observatory by cable car; the observatory is heavily fortified to withstand avalanches and so should provide a measure of protection from the monsters. A monster arrives in the mist at the hotel. As people begin piling into a cable car, a mother suddenly realizes her daughter is not there, and Alan goes to rescue the child in the hotel. He does so and narrowly escapes the monster. They make the cable car and head up the mountain but the delay has given the mist a chance to reach the cable car platform; the motor and cables start freezing and the car starts jerking but it manages to get them to the observatory and four clouds now start heading towards them. They have one hour. Hans, who tried to get out by road, turns up and they let him in but he has the symptoms of being a puppet of the monsters and goes looking for Anne. They manage to stop him from strangling her, and kill him. The monsters climb towards the observatory, where the men are making Molotov cocktails to combat the monsters, who prefer intense cold. An aerial fire bomb raid has been ordered on the observatory which it should survive, having three-foot-thick concrete walls. Philip hits one with a Molotov cocktail, which sets it burning, but he is caught by a monster on the roof. A Molotov cocktail from Alan persuades the burning monster to let Philip go. Later, Philip does the same for Alan when a monster manages to break through the thick wall to try and get at Anne. The plane arrives to begin its bombing raid and the monsters burn."] ['A newlywed deputy, Martin Gordon , encounters an alien spacecraft that has crash landed in fictional Angel County in California. A large, hairy, slug-like, omnivorous monster emerges from the side of an impacted spaceship. A second one, still tethered inside, kills a forest ranger and the sheriff  when they independently enter the craft to investigate. Martin, now temporary sheriff, joins his wife Brett ; Dr. Bradford , a renowned scientist; and Col. James Caldwell, a military commander and his men to fight the creature. Meanwhile the monster stalks the countryside, devouring a girl in a bikini, picnickers at a "hootenanny", Grandpa Brown  and his grandson while fishing, a housewife hanging the laundry, the patrons at a community dance hall, and couples in their cars at lovers\' lane. The protagonists ultimately deduce that the monsters are mindless biological-sample eaters. The bio-analysis data is microwaved back to the probe\'s home planet through the spaceship. Caldwell decides that the creatures must be killed, despite Bradford\'s objections. He orders his men to fire at the creature, which they do while standing close to one another as it moves towards them. Their gunfire proves ineffective, and all of the troops are devoured. Paradoxically, Caldwell decides a moment later to throw a grenade, and the creature dies instantly. At the end of the film, both creatures are destroyed, but not before the signal is sent. The dying Bradford suggests that this bodes ill for the human race, but observes that since the galaxy to which the transmission was aimed is a million light years away, the threat may not manifest for millennia.'] ['The film reduced the tale to an \'Ecology Strikes Back\' scenario, common in science fiction movies at the time. The food mysteriously bubbles up from the ground on a remote island somewhere in British Columbia. The couple that discover it, Mr. and Mrs. Skinner  consider it a gift from God, and promptly begin feeding it to their chickens. Soon, rats, wasps, and worms consume the substance, and the island is crawling with giant vermin. One night, some of them kill Mr. Skinner. Morgan, a professional football player , and his buddies are camping on the island, and one of them is stung to death by giant wasps. After ferrying his friends back to the mainland, Morgan returns to investigate. Also thrown into the mix are Thomas and Rita, an expecting couple; Jack Bensington, the owner of a dog food company  hoping to market the substance; and his assistant Lorna , a "lady bacteriologist." Eventually, the survivors are trapped in the farmhouse with the rats swarming around outside, and Mrs. Skinner, Morgan\'s friend Brian, and Bensington are killed by the rats. Morgan eventually blows up a nearby dam, flooding the area and drowning the rats, whose size and weight renders them unable to swim. The food, however, survives. It is swept into a river and is consumed by cows, who give tainted milk, which is then drunk by schoolchildren.'] ['In 1996, Miki Saegusa travels to Birth Island to check on the mutant dinosaur Godzilla and his son Godzilla Junior. However, she finds the entire island destroyed. In Hong Kong, Godzilla appears covered in glowing lava-like rashes. He goes on a mindless rampage, causing major collateral damage and killing thousands of civilians. A group of representatives from the Japan Self Defense Forces hire college student Kenichi Yamane, the grandson of Dr. Kyohei Yamane, to come work at the center in an attempt to unravel the mystery of Godzilla\'s condition. Yamane suspects that Godzilla\'s heart, which acts as a nuclear reactor, is going through a nuclear meltdown. When Godzilla reaches 1,200 degrees Celsius, he will explode with the force of a thousand nuclear explosions, taking most of the world with him. The JSDF deploys a flying combat vehicle outfitted with anti-nuclear cold weapons to forestall this; the Super X III. Meanwhile, scientists create a new formula for the Oxygen Destroyer that was created by Dr. Serizawa in 1954. This does not sit well with the JSDF, who fear that the Oxygen Destroyer, which was used to kill the original Godzilla, may have disastrous side effects. This belief is proven when a colony of Precambrian organisms are discovered to have been mutated by the formula. The creatures infest a sewer network and eventually make their way into an aquarium, killing all the sea life inside. They rapidly evolve into monstrous crab-like creatures and begin wreaking havoc. After several deadly skirmishes with the JSDF, the creatures, dubbed "Destoroyah", evolve beyond the military\'s containment abilities. Godzilla\'s son reappears, having mutated further and now closely resembling his father, heading for the island where he was born. Godzilla, who is searching for his son, follows him, but complications arise. Due to his encounter with the Super X III, Godzilla will not explode but will instead suffer a bodily meltdown. After dying from the meltdown, Godzilla\'s superheated remains will bore into the planet\'s core, destroying the Earth. Desperate, the JSDF decide to lure Godzilla into a confrontation with the evolving Destoroyah by hiring Miki and another psychic named Meru Ozawa into telepathically instructing Godzilla\'s son to travel to Tokyo, which Destoroyah is currently invading. Godzilla will no doubt follow, and since Destoroyah was born from the same weapon that destroyed the first Godzilla, he will surely lose the battle, preventing the meltdown. The psychics successfully lure Godzilla Junior to Tokyo, where he is attacked by Destoroyah, who has now increased in size and sprouted a pair of bat-like wings. In the ensuing brawl, Destoroyah is seemingly killed after being blown into an electrical plant. By nightfall, Godzilla and his son meet near an airport called Haneda. Their reunion is cut short when Destoroyah, having once again evolved and now outmatching Godzilla in height, flies in for another attack. Destoroyah knocks down Godzilla and grabs Junior, dropping him from an extreme altitude that brings the young dinosaur close to death. Godzilla, enraged, attacks Destoroyah and a brutal battle erupts. The two creatures inflict serious wounds upon each other, each calling upon their own unique abilities to destroy the other. Eventually, Godzilla sends Destoroyah spewing up vital fluids, forcing the creature to retreat. Alone at last, Godzilla tries to revive his son but he fails. Overcome by grief, Godzilla\'s heart continues to fail, accelerating the meltdown. Destoroyah, having recovered from its previous injuries, once again appears. In a fury of rage, Godzilla bombards Destoroyah with a number of supercharged atomic blasts, blowing the creature to pieces. Overcome by the attack and the extreme heat from Godzilla\'s meltdown, Destoroyah tries to fly away, but the JSDF shoots it down with a number of freeze weapons designed to work against Godzilla. Upon hitting the ground, Destoroyah disintegrates from thermal shock. Moments later, Godzilla starts to die from the meltdown, but the JSDF are able to sustain him momentarily with the freeze weapons. Ultimately, they are unable to save Godzilla\'s life and he melts into a puddle of flesh and blood. While they succeeded in preventing Earth\'s destruction, the JSDF are unable to stop a massive nuclear fallout from rendering Tokyo uninhabitable. When all of sudden, the G-force notices something: It is Godzilla junior is now all grown-up and fully developed into an adult Godzilla, showing that Godzilla\'s legacy will never end. Godzilla Jr looks almost identical to his father.'] ["A mad scientist  descended from the original Dr. Frankenstein takes to murdering young women for experimentation in hopes of reviving his ancestor's creation, with help from his mute assistant . Things start to heat up when Dracula  arrives and promises to revive Frankenstein's monster in return for a serum which will grant him immortality."] ['An expedition to an irradiated island brings civilization in contact with a primitive native culture. When one sensationalist entrepreneur tries to exploit the islanders, their ancient deity arises in retaliation. In waters off Infant Island, a presumedly uninhabited site for Rolisican atomic tests, the Daini-Gen\'you-Maru is caught and run aground in the turbulence of a typhoon. A rescue party following the storm finds four sailors alive and strangely unafflicted with radiation sickness, which they attribute to the juice provided them by island natives. The story is broken by tenacious reporter Zenichiro  Fukuda  and photographer Michi Hanamura , who infiltrate the hospital examining the survivors. The Rolisican Embassy responds by co-sponsoring a joint Japanese–Rolisican scientific expediction to Infant Island, led by capitalist Clark Nelson . Also on the expedition are radiation specialist Dr. Harada , linguist/anthropologist Shin\'ichi Chūjō , and stowaway reporter Fukuda. Chūjō has studied the cultures of islands in the area and ascertained that one of the key hieroglyphs in their written language, a radiant cross-shaped star, translates as Mothra. There the team discover a vast jungle of mutated flora, a fleeting native tribe, and two young women only twelve inches tall . The "Shobijin" , as Fukuda dubs them, wish their island to be spared further atomic testing. Acknowledging this message, the team returns and conceals these events from the public. Nelson, however, returns to the island with a crew of henchmen and abducts the girls, gunning down several natives who try to save them. While Nelson profits off a "Secret Fairies Show" in Tokyo featuring the girls singing, both they and the island natives beseech their god Mothra, a giant egg, for help. Fukuda, Hanamura, and Chūjō communicate with the young women via telepathy; they express conviction that Mothra will come to their aid and warn that "good people are sure to be hurt". Meanwhile, Fukuda\'s newspaper has accused Nelson of holding the girls against their will; Nelson denies the charge and files a libel suit against the paper. Meanwhile, the island egg hatches to reveal a gigantic caterpillar, which begins swimming the Pacific Ocean toward Japan. The caterpillar destroys a cruise ship and survives a napalm attack on a beeline path for Tokyo. The Rolisican Embassy, however, defends Nelson\'s property rights over the girls, ignoring any connection to the monster. Mothra finally arrives on the Japanese mainland, impervious to the barrage of weaponry directed at it, ultimately building a cocoon in the ruins of Tokyo Tower. Public feeling turns against Nelson, and he is ordered to release the girls. He flees incognito to Rolisica, where Mothra, newly hatched in an imago form, immediately resumes her search. Police scour New Kirk City for Nelson as Mothra lays waste to the metropolis. Ultimately Nelson is killed in a shootout with police, and the girls are assigned to Chūjō\'s care. Church bells begin to ring, and sunlight illuminates the cross atop the steeple with radiant beams, reminding Chūjō and Hanamura of Mothra\'s unique symbol and of the girls\' voices. Chūjō hits upon a novel way to attract Mothra to an airport runway. The girls are returned amid salutations of "sayōnara", and Mothra flies back to Infant Island.'] ["The grandson of Victor Frankenstein, Oliver , is hiding away as a laboratory assistant for the gentle Prof. Morton . While Dr. Morton pursues a pet project, Dr. Frankenstein secretly works his own experiments on his benefactor's niece, Trudy Morton . Although these experiments temporarily disfigure Trudy's face and cause her to wander aimlessly at night, they are only a build-up to Oliver's greater goal of recreating life. With the aid of one of his father's former assistants, Oliver constructs a female monster from the body parts of various murdered people and begins to deal a horrible fate upon any who dare stand in the way of his desires."] ["An earthquake has led to the hatching of eggs belonging to a prehistoric mollusk. The hatchlings emerge from the Salton Sea, escape into an underground aquifer, and proceed to terrorize the citizens of California's Imperial Valley. The navy is called in to battle these monsters. Navy Lieutenant Commander John Twillinger , teams up with several scientists to battle the threat."] ['{{plot}} The film opens with Larry Talbot  making an urgent call from London to a Florida railway station where Chick Young  and Wilbur Grey  work as baggage-clerks. Talbot tries to impart to Wilbur the danger of a shipment to the "McDougal House Of Horrors"  which purportedly contain the actual bodies of Count Dracula  and the Frankenstein Monster . However, before he is able, a full moon rises and Talbot becomes The Wolf Man and the call disconnects. Wilbur, thinking the call is just a crank, continues on with his work day. Immediately thereafter, the actual Mr. McDougal  shows up to claim the shipments and, fearing them damaged whenever Wilbur and Chick mishandle them, demands that the crates be delivered in person so his insurance agent can inspect them. When Chick and Wilbur get to McDougal\'s "House Of Horrors", they open the first crate and find a coffin with "Dracula" inscribed on the front. When Chick leaves to retrieve the second crate, Wilbur witnesses Dracula awaken and tries to get Chick\'s attention. But when Chick returns with the second crate, Dracula hides just in time to go unnoticed. After Chick leaves again to greet McDougal and the insurance agent, Dracula hypnotizes Wilbur and re-animates Frankenstein\'s Monster. McDougal and the insurance agent  arrive again too late to witness anything. Finding the storage crates empty, McDougal accuses the boys of theft and has them arrested. That night, Dr. Sandra Mornay  receives Dracula and the Monster at her island castle. Sandra, a gifted surgeon who has studied Dr. Frankenstein\'s notebooks, has been posing as Wilbur\'s girlfriend as part of Dracula\'s scheme to replace the Monster\'s brutish brain with a more pliable one — Wilbur\'s. Wilbur and Chick are bailed out of jail and mistakenly believe Sandra to be their benefactor. It is actually Joan Raymond , who is secretly working for the insurance company that is processing McDougal\'s claim, and hopes Wilbur will lead her to the missing "exhibits". Meanwhile, Larry Talbot has taken the apartment across the hall from Wilbur and Chick. He has tracked Dracula and the Monster from Europe and knows them to be alive. Talbot asks Chick and Wilbur to help him find and destroy Dracula and the Monster. The next day, Joan Raymond comes to Chick and Wilbur\'s apartment and feigns love for Wilbur. Wilbur, not expecting the favor but embracing it, invites Joan to the masquerade ball that evening. That night, Wilbur, Chick and Joan go to Sandra\'s castle to pick her up for the ball. While the ladies powder their noses, Wilbur answers a telephone call from someone wanting to speak to a \'Dr Leighos\'. It is Talbot, who informs them that they are in fact in the "House of Dracula". Wilbur reluctantly agrees to search the castle with Chick, and soon stumbles upon an underground passageway, complete with boat and dock. Chick insists they search for Dracula and the Monster in an attempt to prove to Wilbur that they do not really exist. Wilbur experiences a few close calls when he is confronted by the monsters and every time he tries to show them to Chuck they have disappeared. Meanwhile, Joan has discovered Dr. Frankenstein\'s notebook in Sandra\'s bureau and Sandra has discovered Joan\'s insurance company employee I.D. in her purse. After the women re-join the men, a suavely dressed Dr. Leighos,  descends the castle stairs and introduces himself to Joan and the boys. Also working at the castle is the naive Prof. Stevens , who questions some of the specialized equipment that has arrived. After Wilbur admits that he was in the basement, Sandra feigns a headache and tells Wilbur and the others that they will have to go to the ball without her. In private, Sandra admits that Stevens\' questions, Joan\'s credentials, and Wilbur\'s curiosity in the basement have made her nervous enough to put the experiment on hold. Impatient, Dracula asserts his will by hypnotizing her, biting her in the throat, and making her his vampire slave. At the ball, the boys encounter Talbot and McDougal just as Dracula and Sandra rejoin the group. Dracula, when confronted by Talbot, easily deflects accusations that he is "the real thing" by insisting that it\'s only his costume and he is not actually Dracula. While Dracula takes Joan for a dance, Sandra lures Wilbur to a quiet spot in the woods. Before she can move in and bite him, Chick and Larry approach and she flees. As they search for Joan, Talbot transforms into the Wolf Man and stalks Wilbur. Wilbur escapes, but the Wolf Man finds and injures McDougal. Noting that Chick has brought a wolf mask as his costume to the ball, McDougal concludes that it was Chick who actually attacked him out of revenge. Chick manages to slip away, only to witness Dracula hypnotizing Wilbur. Chick is then also hypnotized and rendered helpless while Dracula and Sandra bring Wilbur and Joan back to the castle. The next morning, Chick and Talbot meet and Talbot tells Chick that he is the Wolf Man. After Chick explains to him that Dracula has taken Wilbur and Joan to the island they agree to work together to rescue them. While Wilbur is being held in a pillory, Sandra finally explains to him the plan to transplant his brain into the Monster. She and Dracula leave him to prepare the Monster for the operation. Chick and Talbot arrive to rescue Wilbur, but in an attempt to escape Dracula hypnotizes Wilbur into coming back. Wilbur who is now strapped to a slab witnesses Dracula giving the Monster electrical boosts in the lab. Just as Sandra prepares to open Wilbur\'s skull, Talbot and Chick storm in. Talbot struggles with Sandra and casts her aside. Chick knocks out Sandra and runs out of the lab to make Dracula leave so Talbot can save Wilbur. Just as Talbot is about to untie Wilbur, he once again transforms into the Wolf Man. Dracula returns to the lab to find the Wolf Man there and flees, with the Wolf Man giving chase. Chick arrives to untie Wilbur just as the Monster, now at full power, breaks his own restraints and rises from his stretcher. Sandra attempts to order him back, but the Monster defiantly throws her out the lab window to her death. Chick and Wilbur try to escape with the Monster hot on their trail. After trying to fight off the Wolf Man with little success, Dracula attempts to escape and transforms into a bat, but the Wolf Man snares him then grab him and fall down to the sea below .Joan abruptly wakes from her trance, while the boys escape the castle and head to the pier with the Monster in pursuit. Wilbur succeeds in untying the boat, while Stevens and Joan arrive and set the pier ablaze. The Monster turns around and marches into the flames, succumbing as the pier collapses into the water. Just as Chick and Wilbur relax, Wilbur scolds Chick for not believing him. After Chick tells him he will believe him from now on, they hear a disembodied voice  and see a cigarette floating in the air. The voice says: "Allow me to introduce myself, I\'m the Invisible Man!" The boys jump off the boat and swim away while the Invisible Man lights his cigarette and laughs as the final scene comes to a close.'] ['The films opens with a trio of grave robbers  delivering a corpse to Baron Frankenstein  and his assistant Dr. Marshall , for obvious reanimation purposes. Baron Frankenstein\'s daughter Tania  arrives from school, having completed her studies in medicine, and is greeted by her father and his servant, the handsome but mildly retarded Thomas. Tania reveals to her father that she has always understood his work with "animal transplants" to be a cover for his work reanimating corpses, and that she intends to follow in his footsteps and help him in his work. The next day, Frankenstein, Tania, and Marshall witness the execution of a criminal who is hanged down a well, and it is implied that his body will be harvested for their experimentation. Law enforcement agent Captain Harris  arrives to harass Lynch at the hanging. Harris claims to be on to Lynch\'s grave robbing. That evening, having harvested salient body parts, Frankenstein and Marshall successfully reanimate a corpse  as Tania secretly watches. The Monster, however, bear-hugs Frankenstein to death almost instantly, then walks out of the castle. Tania and Marshall report the murder to Harris, but claim that it was a burglar. Meanwhile, the narrative is interspersed with shots of the Monster roaming the countryside killing locals, including Lynch. Tania then goads Marshall into admitting harboring romantic feelings for her. She responds to his affections, but says that while Marshall\'s body is old, she finds the body of Thomas young and attractive. The "solution" to this situation will be to transplant Marshall\'s brain into Thomas\'s body. To accomplish this, Tania seduces Thomas, and Marshall kills him during their lovemaking with a pillow. Tania then transplants Marshall\'s brain into Thomas\'s body. The local villagers, however, have had enough and arrive to destroy the castle, replete with torches and pitchforks. In the chaos, the Monster arrives and has a fight against Marshall/Thomas and Tania. The Monster is defeated, but Tania\'s allegiance during the fight is highly suspect. Harris arrives with Thomas\'s sister to see Tania and Marshall/Thomas enjoying post-fight sexual intercourse. However, during their lovemaking, Marshall/Thomas strangles Tania to death, and the film ends.'] ['{{plot}} News reporter Ichiro Sakai and photographer Junko Nakanishi take pictures of the wreckage caused by a typhoon, uncovering a large scale in the debris. Later that day a giant egg is discovered on the shore. The local villagers salvage it, and scientists come to study the egg. While Sakai and Junko try to ask Professor Miura, one of the scientists, questions about the egg, an entrepreneur of Happy Enterprises named Kumayama scurries the scientists off and explains that he bought the egg from the local villagers. Instead of letting scientists study the egg, Kumayama wants to make it into a large tourist attraction. Sakai, Junko, and Professor Miura are disgusted and believe that Kumayama has no right to keep the egg. While the three are discussing the egg at a hotel, they discover Kumayama checking in. Sakai wonders if somebody else may be working with Kumayama and investigates the matter. Kumayama meets with Jiro Torahata, the head of Happy Enterprises. As the two are discussing the billion-dollar tourist attraction the egg represents, two tiny twin girls known as the Shobijin, interrupt them. The Shobijin explain that they are from Infant Island and that the egg belongs to their god Mothra, who lives there. Torahata and Kumayama ignore the girls\' pleas and try to capture them. The Shobijin escape the room and meet with Sakai, Junko, and Professor Miura outside the hotel. The girls beg them to bring the egg back too and the three promise to try as hard as they can to bring the egg back to Infant Island. The girls explain that if the egg is not returned, a larva will hatch and will cause destruction to its surroundings as it searches for food. When confronted by Sakai, Junko, and Miura, Kumayama offers to buy the Shobijin, disgusting Junko, Miura, and Sakai. The Shobijin leave even though they could not get the egg back and thank Sakai, Junko, and Miura for their kindness. Sakai tries to write editorials but they fail due to lack of public interest. When the scale is found to be radioactive, the three test for radioactivity in an industrial area where it was found. The mutant dinosaur Godzilla suddenly emerges out of Kurada Beach, where he had been blown ashore by the hurricane and buried under mud, and begins to attack Nagoya. The editor of Sakai\'s newspaper believes that the military cannot do anything against Godzilla and discusses it with Sakai and Junko. Jiro, another reporter who loves to eat eggs, walks in and suggests that Mothra might be able to defeat Godzilla. Sakai and Junko are skeptical that the Shobijin would agree because atomic testing had destroyed most of their island, and they had failed to return the egg to them. The two go to Infant Island anyway with Professor Miura. They are captured by the local villagers and are brought to the tribe’s chief. The three ask for assistance but, as expected, are refused because of the atomic testing and Japan\'s failure to return the egg. The Shobijin are heard singing and everyone walks towards them. Sakai, Junko, and Miura ask the Shobijin for Mothra\'s assistance but they are also turned down. Junko then pleads to all the villagers that not everyone from Japan should be accused for what happened to their island. Godzilla is killing everyone and refusing their country assistance is wrong. Sakai then adds that "we\'re all human" and that everyone is connected and must help each other. Mothra\'s screech is soon heard and the Shobijin ask everyone to follow them. They convince Mothra to help Japan and the people that live in it, but the monstrous insect is old and weak. Even if Mothra defeats Godzilla, she will die. The next day, Kumayama barges into Torahata\'s room and demands Torahata give him his money back that Torahata had recently swindled from Kumayama. They fight and eventually, Torahata is defeated by being punched in the mouth, and is bleeding. Kumayama crawls into Torahata\'s money cabinet and begins to steal the money from it. Torahata wakes up and sees Godzilla approaching the hotel. He then grabs a gun and shoots Kumayama in the head, killing him. Torahata is killed while escaping with his money when Godzilla destroys the hotel. Godzilla walks towards the egg and tries to destroy it until Mothra shows up. The two fight a tough battle where Mothra seems to have the upper hand. While on the ground, Godzilla fires his atomic breath into Mothra\'s face and mortally injures her. Mothra dies with her wing resting on top of her egg while Godzilla walks away. The Shobijin then explain to Sakai, Junko, and Miura that the egg can be hatched today and begin to sing. Meanwhile, the military tries to fight Godzilla by electrocuting him with "artificial lighting" but failed. Godzilla then melts the tanks with his atomic breath. The Shobijin continue singing and Mothra\'s egg finally hatches with not one, but two Mothra larvae. The larvae follow Godzilla to Iwa Island and use their silk spray on Godzilla to trap him, sending him into the sea. The Mothra larvae and the Shobijin celebrate and return to Infant Island.'] ['Jack Harrison  and Gil Turner  are writers for The Sensation, a supermarket-grade tabloid run by Turner\'s father, Mac . Jack is a more serious journalist using The Sensation as a stepping stone to a better career, while Gil is a gangling yes-man ever ready to win his father\'s approval. When Mac Turner receives a homemade videotape of two panicked men running from a creature they believe to be Frankenstein\'s monster, along with a waist-down shot of the suspected monster, he dispatches his son and Jack to Transylvania to follow the lead. Jack tries unsuccessfully to beg off, but is told by Mac that if they both again come back with nothing, they are both fired. They have to bring a story that will bring a banner headline "Frankenstein Lives!" Planes, trains and buses later, Jack and Gil arrive at their destination. Once off the bus, Jack immediately spots Elizabeth Ellison, a pretty female tourist  from New York City, whom he hits on. Gil immediately sets out on their assignment, just as quickly drawing hysterical ridicule when he tries to question a hotel desk clerk about the whereabouts of Frankenstein, who shares Gil\'s inquiries with the staff and patrons, including the mayor . Jack rescues Gil and pulls him out of the hotel to avoid further embarrassment. Both then take off for their hotel. Seeing them leave, a gypsy woman orders her male companion to bring them to her. Jack and Gil arrive at their hotel, which resembles a 17th century castle, complete with a gated entrance, but adorned with an "Opening Soon!" banner and signs denoting the acceptance of credit cards. They are met at the gate by Fejos , a butler with an odd sense of humor. They meet for brunch with Mayor Lepescu, where they also meet Radu , Lepescu\'s hunched-over manservant who addresses everyone as "master". Both Gil and Jack learn that something is amiss about Transylvania, despite being laughed off by the locals, including Inspector Purcek , head of the local police. After meeting the gypsy, who tells them they must continue their pursuit, they encounter a series of real-life horror creatures, including a Wolfman , a female vampire , and a swamp monster that grabs Gil by the crotch as Gil tries to escape a frightening face-to-face confrontation with the object of their mission himself. They eventually learn of a Sicilian doctor, Victorio Malavacqua , who lost his license to practice medicine. Finding out that Malavacqua has been giving care in a sanitarium, Gil tries to go there to make an appointment but is rebuffed by the guard. Gil eventually sneaks in and finds Percek and Malavacqua talking about the latter\'s "experiments", including one involving a patient, Kurt Hunyadi, that fits the description of the Frankenstein monster, which Malavacqua claimed had died. An exhumation of the body later proves otherwise. Gil learns that Radu is in cahoots with Malavacqua, serving as his lab assistant. Malavacqua also displays a tendency towards madness when within the confines of his laboratory, but returns to normal when he leaves it. It is later revealed, as Gil and Jack go on a search for Elizabeth\'s missing daughter Laura, that not only has Malavacqua faked Hunyadi\'s death, but is also his creator, along with that of the vampire Odette, the wolfman Larry, and the swamp creature Twisto. It is also revealed that Malavacqua has engaged in this type of bizarre work to clear his family\'s name. The story ties together after Jack is attacked by the Wolfman. In an attempt to rescue Jack, Gil pulls him off Jack, only to be carted off by the Wolfman. The police arrive, but refuse to listen to Jack\'s story and order him put in the local police lockup. Elizabeth rescues him and learns that the entire police force is at the wine festival instead of searching for her missing daughter. Jack heads off to Malavacqua\'s lab and Elizabeth goes to the festival. As she is being hauled away by police after confronting Percek, the town is horrified as the monster returns in the flesh, carrying Laura in his arms. Perceived to be dead, it is later learned she was just sleeping. Jack and Gil arrive, having confronted Malavacqua, and explain Malavacqua\'s actions to the townspeople, that Malavacqua was legitimately trying to create normal lives for those seen as outcasts or freaks by the townspeople, who now welcome them with open arms. Finding out that the story is even bigger than what they bargained for, Gil takes enough pictures and both gather enough material to last weeks for the tabloid. They more than make up for their failures and Mac gets his banner headline.'] ["{{plot}} A North African dinosaur, related to the crocodile, is found which could grow up to fifty feet long. Dr. Campbell  uses its DNA to create two hybrids of it with a modern day crocodile at Paula Kennedy's Genetic Research Co.  lab. One creature kills Dr. Campbell's assistant and the other creature escapes. This information is kept from Sheriff Harper  by Kennedy, stating the dead creature killed Campbell's assistant. His daughter, county dog catcher Diane Harper, helps her ex welding artist, Tom Banning, find his 12 year old brother Michael  and their three legged dog, Lucky, who was lost a few days earlier. Meanwhile Kennedy sends a trapper to feed Dinocroc . The trapper uses Lucky as bait, but Lucky runs away and seconds later Dinocroc quickly devours the trapper, leaving only his lower legs. Later in the morning Diane and Tom find Lucky running around in the woods and try to catch him. Unbeknown to them, the Dinocroc is lurking in the water, but Dr. Campbell saves them by shooting at it and they discover the Dinocroc is growing. Kennedy then hires an Australian crocodile hunter, Dick Sydney , to help kill the Dinocroc. Later that night, Michael tries to sneak out to look for Lucky on his bike when he comes face to face with the creature. Dinocroc chases Michael through the forest  into a tool shed sitting above water. The Dinocroc then gets under the shed and engulfs Michael from below, leaving only his head. The next day, not having noticed that Michael has gone, Tom, Diane, Dick, and Campbell find that the creature is headed toward the town's lakeside beach. It kills 3 people the last one being Campbell. In a press conference after the incident Kennedy lies that Campbell was not part of Gereco. Sheriff Harper then plans to kill the creature with his police force and Diane. While looking for it they stumble upon Michael's damaged bike  and Michael's remains in the shed. Tom, who knows Michael is missing, appears on his motorbike, than speeds away after seeing what is left of his dead brother. After trying to get drunk, Tom cries loudly over his brother and Diane comes to comfort him along with Lucky. 5 of Sheriff Harper's officers are killed by the Dinocroc. The next day, Tom, Diane and others devise a plan to trap Dinocroc in a tunnel and gas him to death. Sheriff Harper uses some dogs for bait, which Diane and Tom object to, so Harper has them handcuffed and put in the police car. The two escape and use a blowtorch to release the chained dogs, while the creature chases them. They trap Dinocroc in the tunnel and gas it, seemingly killing it. Harper and Dick leave and Diane and Tom share a kiss. While a local news crew is taping Kennedy  inside the tunnel, telling the reporter false stories about the events, Dinocroc awakens, eats Paula Kennedy whole and comes after Tom and Diane, who are left after the news crew drives away quickly. After hiding under a truck they hear a train and lure Dinocroc across the tracks with Tom using a blowtorch to distract it until the train arrives. It is rammed by a passing train, followed by Tom stabbing it in the eye  with a small pipe. As the sun rises the next day, Diane and Tom drive away, contemplating leaving for a vacation together. Then the camera pans slowly back as their truck passes and Dinocroc is seen walking weakly across the road still alive. He appears again in Dinocroc vs. Supergator."] ['Pompous paleontologist Rick Marshall  has a low-level job at the La Brea Tar Pits, three years after a disastrous interview with Matt Lauer of Today became a viral video and ruined his career. Doctoral candidate student Holly Cantrell  tells him that his controversial theories combining time warps and paleontology inspired her. She shows him a fossil with an imprint of a cigarette lighter that he recognizes as his own along with a crystal made into a necklace that gives off strong tachyon energy. She convinces him to finish his tachyon amplifier and come help her on a seemingly routine expedition to the cave where Holly found the fossil, which is in the middle of nowhere. With cave gift shop owner Will Stanton ([[Danny McBride  they raft into the cave, where Marshall has detected high levels of tachyons. He activates the tachyon amplifier, triggering an earthquake that opens a time warp into which the raft falls. The group finds themselves in a desert, filled with various items from many eras, and without the amplifier. They rescue a primate-like creature, Cha-Ka  of the Pakuni tribe, who becomes their friend and guide. The gang spends a night in a cave after surviving a meeting with a fast, intelligent Tyrannosaurus they nickname "Grumpy", who develops a vendetta against Marshall for calling him stupid. Marshall receives a telepathic message begging for help and ends up in ancient ruins. There, the group encounters a race of lizard men called Sleestaks before meeting the one who sent Marshall the telepathic message, Enik the Altrusian. He explains that he was exiled by the evil Zarn who is attempting to take over Earth with his Sleestak minions, but Enik can prevent this if Marshall retrieves the tachyon amplifier. The group stumble upon a desert where many things from across time end up and they encounter many Compsognathus, Velociraptors, Grumpy, and an Allosaurus. The Allosaurus and Grumpy battle it out over the most recent thing to appear until they sense Marshall and chase him. Marshall kills the Allosaurus with liquid nitrogen and finds that the amplifier was inside the Allosaurus. The amplifier is stolen by a Pteranodon and taken to its nest. The group arrives at the nest and Marshall lightly steps through the Pteranadon eggs to retrieve the amplifier, but when he reaches it, it stops broadcasting the soundtrack to Marshalls favorite musical A Chorus Line. When the eggs begin to hatch, Holly realizes that the music was acting as a sort of lullaby keeping the Pteranadons asleep. Marshall, Will and Holly belt out "I Hope I Get It", with Cha-ka inexplicably joining in, displaying an impressive singing voice. Marshall, Will and Cha-ka celebrate their good fortune. Meanwhile, Holly pockets a dinosaur egg and learns from a recording left by the long-deceased Zarn that Enik deceived them and is actually the one planning to invade Earth, but is captured by the Sleestaks to be brought to the Library of Skulls for judgment. The others save her from being executed for helping Enik, but the villain&mdash;now possessing the amplifier, and mind-controlling the Sleestaks&mdash;leaves them to open a portal to Earth. Marshall quickly settles things with Grumpy, befriending him, and joins the others to defeat the Sleestak army and confront Enik. After the crystal link between the Land of the Lost and Earth is shattered, Will chooses to stay behind to live a better life and to prevent Enik from following Marshall and Holly back to Earth, learning later that female Pakuni are very attractive. A triumphant Marshall again appears on Today with show the dinosaur egg Holly brought back to promote his new book Matt Lauer Can Suck It. However, left behind on the Today set, the egg turns out to be a Sleestak egg as a baby hatches from it.'] ['Mad Doctor Monroe Lazaroff seeks to create a biological "terror weapon" in a secluded beach house. His first creation is an amphibious Creature, created by mixing human, fish and reptile DNA. This Creature turns against its creators and escapes into the nearby ocean and soon is terrorizing those who venture onto its beach territory in Blood Cove. Meanwhile, Dr. Lazaroff and his assistants seek out and retrieve the body of the legendary Frankenstein Monster, with the intention of reviving and conditioning the Monster to obey instructions. Among those attacked by the Creature are magazine photographer Bill Grant and his assistants Dezzirae and Percy, who are pursued by the Creature and forced to seek shelter in the home of the mad Dr. Lazaroff. They are taken captive by the Doctor and his minions and must seek to escape or survive the battle of horrors around them. Once under his control, Lazaroff sends the Frankenstein Monster out to recapture or destroy his original creation, setting the stage for a battle royale on the beach and in the sea.'] ['A monomaniacal scientist, Dr. Laird , has invented ultra-sensitive magnetic fields, which begin to attract objects from space. Strange things begin happening, including a freak storm, and insects and spiders begin to mutate into giant monsters. An alien spaceship has appeared over London and begins to warn mankind against the dangers of this scientific experiment.'] ["Moll, Lora, and Belvera, the Elias sisters, are at odds again. Belvera seeks the secret power of their ancestors, tiny triangular power units that transform the sisters' small daggers into powerful swords. She fails to retrieve the proper triangle for her sword , but Moll and Lora end up with a unit that transforms Moll's sword. Shortly after the Elias sisters face-off, a meteor shower brings a strange object to Earth, a huge meteor that disrupts gravity near it. As it crashes to Earth at night, a family watches. The next day, the oldest of the children, a teenage boy called Shota, plays hookey from school, and goes to investigate the object. Meanwhile, school children on playgrounds and around the nearby city begin to mysteriously vanish as a huge shadow passes overhead. Moll and Lora examine the remains of the crashed meteor, discovering the essence of dinosaurs, and realizes that a great evil has been released. Grand King Ghidorah, a space monster who visited Earth in its past and thought to be responsible for the destruction of the dinosaurs, returns with the captured children to a secluded spot near where the meteor crashed, trapping them in a huge, pulsating organic dome. Thankfully, at Moll and Lora's calling, Rainbow Mothra arrives and begins to battle Grand King Ghidorah, but the three headed demon's ancient powers render all of Mothra's attacks useless and the King of Terror proceeds to easily dominate Rainbow Mothra, who only just escapes. Later, Moll and Lora encounter Ghidorah, who infects Lora with its evil by staring into Lora's eyes. Under Ghidorah's spell, Lora attacks Moll and attempts to drag them both into the dome. However, Fairy Mothra flies down towards the dome and saves Moll before she falls into it. Belvera, intrigued by Ghidorah's arrival, gets too close to the dome and is dragged inside with her pet henchmen, Garu-Garu, by little serpent beings. Meanwhile Moll, riding Fairy, encounters the teenage boy, and tells him about Ghidorah. She explains that Ghidorah needs the children's life force to feed upon. She convinces him to accompany her and meet their only hope, Rainbow Mothra, who is now recovering from a battle with Ghidorah. Moll and Rainbow Mothra communicate telepathically, discussing their options. It is agreed that Rainbow Mothra cannot defeat Ghidorah in its current form and so it is decided that he must travel back in time to a point where Ghidorah was not so powerful, to a time when the dinosaurs still walked the Earth, and when Ghidorah had visited from space for the first time as Cretaceous King Ghidorah to feed upon the Earth's life-force. Rainbow Mothra turns into AquaMothra and then with Moll giving AquaMothra all of her power, the massive insect is able to turn into Light Speed Mothra and break through the boundaries of time and travel backward to confront Ghidorah, some 130 million years in the past. Moll, her power totally depleted helping her friend time-travel, falls into a state of suspended animation, her body taking on the appearance of frosted glass. Shota allows Grand King Ghidorah to capture him so he can find Lora in the dome, where the captured children are screaming and huddling together, terrified. There, Lora encounters Belvera, who tells her that King Ghidorah plans to destroy the Earth. Still under Ghidorah's spell, the two engage in a swordfight, with Belvera begging Lora to see reason and to work with her, but to no avail. Shota finds Lora, but she attacks him and attempts to stab him with her sword. But, Belvera warns her not to do it. Shota reminds Lora that she loves children deeply and, with the love of her sisters, breaks Ghidorah's spell. Belvera finally realizes that the Alias triangle represents the three of them and combines her sword with both Lora's and Moll's. Using the new sword, she attempts to break open the dome while Lora recovers. Light Speed Mothra appears in the age of the dinosaurs and turns back into Rainbow Mothra. Another fight between Rainbow Mothra and Ghidorah takes place. After originally holding the advantage, Rainbow Mothra begins to lose the fight but thanks to Lora's song, Rainbow Mothra energizes and manages to immobilize Ghidorah long enough to pick it up and drop it into a nearby volcano, but not before a severed piece of Ghidorah's tail burrows itself into the ground. Rainbow Mothra is hurled out of the exploding volcano, where Primitive Mothra larvae cover him in a time-capsule cocoon in which the injured Rainbow Mothra will sleep for many millions of years. Back in the present, Ghidorah roars in outrage as it disappears from existence. The children are released, and the boy joins Belvera and Lora as they kneel by the body of their sister Moll, unsure of how they can save her. Suddenly Ghidorah appears in the sky amidst a massive fireball. This is the other Ghidorah which grew from the severed tail of the Ghidorah killed by Rainbow Mothra in the past. The new Ghidorah starts to capture children again. Meanwhile, Belvera convinces Lora to join her and the two distracts Ghidorah with Fairy. Suddenly, the time-capsule cocoon explodes from a mountain, and Rainbow Mothra emerges, this time as Armor Mothra, a formidable version with armour plating all over it. Yet, another battle takes place, and this time Ghidorah is no match for Armor Mothra, who first slices Ghidorah's wing off, and then proceeds to completely disintegrate the monster by encasing herself in energy and tackling into it. Armor Mothra then communicates with Belvera and Lora, telling them to join their powers and, using the sword, brings Moll back to life. The touching reunion between the three sisters is short-lived, as Belvera calls for Garugaru and flies off. The children are reunited with their parents, and Armor Mothra transforms into his final form, Eternal Mothra, and flies into the sunset."] ['In Okinawa an ancient statue is unearthed with a prophecy inscribed on it: When a black mountain appears in the sky and the sun rises in the West, a monster will arise to destroy the world. The statue of the mythical monster King Caesar, protector of Okinawa, is vital should the prophecy come true. Before long, the signs appear: a giant black mountain shaped cloud is seen and a mirage creates the illusion of a Western sunrise. Godzilla emerges from Mount Fuji and begins a destructive rampage. Former ally Anguirus confronts "Godzilla", only to be violently defeated when Godzilla breaks Anguirus\' jaw. Another Godzilla shows up to battle the rampaging Godzilla and reveals it to be an impostor. It is Mechagodzilla, a robot created by ape aliens of the Third Planet from the Black Hole to destroy the real Godzilla and conquer Earth. Mecha-Godzilla unleashes his full arsenal and a wounded Godzilla collapses into the sea. Too damaged to continue the attack, Mecha-Godzilla retreats for repairs. Returning to Monster Island, Godzilla is repeatedly energized by mysterious bolts of lightning. His repairs completed, Mecha-Godzilla is unleashed to destroy King Caesar, but Godzilla comes to the rescue. After a bloody battle between the three titans, Godzilla generates a magnetic field against Mecha-Godzilla, dragging the metal robot within reach. Godzilla twists Mecha-Godzilla\'s head off and the robot\'s body explodes. The aliens\' base explodes, and both King Caesar and Godzilla return home.'] ['The film begins with New Mexico State Police Sergeant Ben Peterson  and his patrol partner Ed Blackburn  discovering a little girl wandering the desert near Alamogordo, mute and in a state of shock. They retrace her steps to a trailer owned by an FBI agent named Ellinson, who was on vacation in the area with his wife and two children. The side of the trailer has been ripped open from the outside, and the rest of the family is missing and presumed dead. The girl briefly responds when strange sounds echo out of the desert wind, but the troopers and medic miss this. More mysterious deaths and disappearances occur in the area. A general store owner named Gramps Johnson is found dead in his store, which had been literally torn apart. All the money is left in the register, but a barrel of sugar had been smashed open, and Gramps\' empty rifle has been fired empty and bent in half. Peterson leaves to check on the little girl and make a report leaving Blackburn to guard Gramps\' store. Not long afterward, Blackburn hears a strange noise outside and goes out to investigate. Soon there is the sound of several gunshots, the strange sound gets louder, and Blackburn is heard screaming in agony, whereupon he disappears as well. Later, FBI agent Robert Graham  has arrived to assist. A single strange track bigger than a mountain lion’s has been found in the desert near the trailer, and a plaster cast of it was made and sent to Washington, D.C. The police think there is a maniac killer on the loose, but Peterson\'s boss points out that Gramps got off several shots with his 30-30 and was “a dead shot and could hit anything he could see”. So, the police commander says, “unless the attacker is armored like a battleship, there’s no maniac killer in this case.” Even more puzzling is the coroner\'s verdict about the possible causes of death found on Gramps Johnson\'s body: “Gramps could have died any one of five ways. His neck and back were broken, his skull was fractured, his chest was crushed... and here’s one for Sherlock Holmes. There was enough formic acid in his body to kill twenty men.” When the FBI is unable to identify the footprint, it attracts the attention of Harold  and Pat Medford , a father/daughter team of entomologists from the Department of Agriculture. The elder Dr. Medford arrives on the scene with a theory, but will not go into it until he tries an experiment on the Ellinson girl and sees the site where they found the track. In the hospital, he has her smell the contents of a vial containing formic acid, whereupon she emerges from her state of catatonic withdrawal and screams, "Them! Them!" Medford\'s theory is validated when, back at the torn-up trailer, he sees the track, measuring an astonishing eighteen centimeters, making the “creature” almost eight feet in length. Both Graham and Peterson are upset that the doctor has not let them in on what he thinks is happening, but he explains that he is trying to avoid a nationwide panic. As they talk, his daughter encounters a giant foraging ant. The lawmen empty their revolvers at the monster, to little effect. On Medford\'s advice, Peterson, using a Thompson submachine gun, and Graham finally kill it by shooting off the creature\'s antennae, blinding it, then emptying the Thomson into it. Medford finally tells them what it is: an ant. He theorizes it was mutated by the radiation from the first atom bomb tests, close by at Alamogordo. A U.S. Air Force unit is brought in, led by General O\'Brien , which locates the ants\' nest and exterminates the inhabitants with poison gas. However, the younger Dr. Medford finds evidence that two young queens have hatched and flown away to establish new colonies. Trying to avoid a general panic, the government covertly investigates any reports of unusual activities or sightings of "flying saucers". One report leads them to a railroad car which has been caved in and forty tons of sugar taken. The guard is irate at being accused of being in on it. "Who\'s going to steal forty tons of sugar? Is there a black market for it?" Another report takes them to a local hospital and a pilot named Crotty, who was forced down by U.F.O.s that he says resembled giant ants. He’s confined to the psycho ward, but the doctor – who is about to release him, saying it’s all a publicity stunt – is warned to keep him locked up and without any visitors so he gets no publicity. They’ll call later and tell the doctor when Crotty can be released. One of the queens is finally revealed to have invaded the hold of an ocean-going freighter which had been docked for off-loading and hatches left open. It has been overrun by ants who then slaughter the crew. The vessel is sunk by a U.S. Navy cruiser. Then, an alcoholic in a hospital "drunk tank" reveals that he saw giant ants flying around outside his window, and the dismembered corpse of a man last seen with his two young sons  leads the investigation to the storm drain system that empties into the Los Angeles River. Given the significant threat to the City, the U.S. Army goes public with the existence of the giant ants, declares martial law for the city, and prepares for a major assault on the new nest. During the assault, Peterson finds the two missing boys alive but trapped near the ants\' nest. He calls for backup but, seeing that the boys are in imminent danger, goes in alone before help can arrive. He gets the boys to safety in the pipe through which he came. Before Peterson himself can escape, he is grabbed from behind in the mandibles of another ant and mortally wounded. Graham arrives at the scene with reinforcements, and they fight off the swarming ants. Graham is nearly killed himself when a cave-in temporarily cuts him off from the rest of the men; several ants charge him, but he is able to hold them off long enough for the other troops to tunnel through the debris and come to his rescue. The nest\'s queen and egg chamber are then destroyed with flamethrowers. The senior Dr. Medford issues a grim warning that "the atomic genie has been let out of the bottle," and further horrors may await mankind. He solemnly intones, "When man entered the atomic age, he opened the door to a new world. What we may eventually find in that new world, nobody can predict."'] ['Valentine "Val" McKee  and Earl Basset  work as handymen in Perfection, Nevada, an isolated ex-mining settlement that contains only fourteen residents, among them general store owner Walter Chang  and survivalist couple Burt Gummer ([[Michael Gross  and Heather Gummer . A new arrival is Rhonda LeBeck , a graduate student conducting seismology tests. Val and Earl tire of their hand-to-mouth existence and leave for Bixby, the nearest town. They discover a man dead at the top of an electrical tower, though still holding on to the beams. Jim Wallace, the town doctor, announces that he died of dehydration. Somewhere else, shepherd Old Fred and his flock get attacked by an unseen force. Val and Earl arrive, only to find the sheep cut to pieces and Fred\'s severed head lying in the sand. Val and Earl return to Perfection, thinking that a murderer is on the loose. They warn two road-construction workers that they encounter, but to no avail. After Val and Earl leave, one of the construction worker\'s drills stabs something under the ground and it spews blood. With a hose around his ankle, it pulls that worker away, while the other rushes to help, only to be crushed by a rock slide. Val and Earl discover the town\'s phones dead and head for the police in Bixby, but are thwarted by the rock slide. They return to Walter\'s store, where they find something wrapped around their truck\'s back axle: the severed body of a large snakelike creature. As the townsfolk hunker down for the night, the "snakes" attack the doctor and his wife, killing them both and pulling their car underground. The next morning, Val and Earl leave to get help, this time on horseback. They discover the doctor\'s buried car. Suddenly one of the attackers erupts out of the ground. Each "snake" is one of three "tongues" employed by an enormous burrowing worm-creature that Walter later names "Graboids". Thrown from their horses, the two men run for their lives. When they jump a concrete aqueduct their pursuer rams into its wall, killing itself. Rhonda determines from her readings that there are three more creatures in the area. They realize the creatures have extremely acute hearing, and find them due to their vibrations, but cannot tunnel through rock. One of the creatures traps the trio overnight at a cluster of boulders. Rhonda has the idea of pole vaulting from boulder to boulder. They reach her truck and return to town. They are met with disbelief from the townspeople until a Graboid appears, disabling Val and Earl\'s truck. Everyone retreats into their homes or the store, but a Graboid bursts through the store\'s floor and drags away Walter. The Gummers return to their home after unsuccessfully hunting the "snake-things" and contact the others via CB radio, but the noise of the couple\'s tumbler leads a Graboid to smash into their basement. The Gummers kill it with firearms, but another of the monsters disables their vehicle, and Burt informs Val that the creatures dig too deep to be affected by conventional gunfire. In town, the Graboids attack the foundations of the buildings, knocking over Nestor\'s trailer and dragging him down underground. Realizing the town is being dug out from under them, Val and Earl plan to escape on a Semi end dump trailer with flat tires pulled by a bulldozer, which is too heavy for the Graboids to move. Val reaches the vehicle while the others distract the Graboids. Everyone is collected, including the Gummers, and they set out for the safety of a nearby mountain range. The Graboids dig a pit-trap in the bulldozer\'s path, wrecking it. The townsfolk use Burt\'s home-made explosives to drive the creatures away long enough to reach the safety of a boulder, where Earl has another idea: tricking the Graboids into swallowing Burt\'s bombs. This works once, but on the second try the last Graboid spits the explosive onto Burt\'s pile of bombs, sending everyone scattering. Val, Earl and Rhonda are stranded yards from the boulder, with the Graboid blocking their path to safety. Val has one more bomb and one last idea: he lets the Graboid chase him to the edge of a cliff and "stampedes" it with the bomb, then jumps out of its way, sending it through the cliff-face to its death. The group returns to town, and Earl pushes Val into approaching the clearly interested Rhonda romantically.'] ['An evil genius named Dr. Hu  creates a robotic version of King Kong, named Mechani-Kong, in order to dig for a highly radioactive element called "Element X", found only at the North Pole. The extremely rare compound, once unearthed, will be sold to an Asiatic country  and used to give said country nuclear domination of the world. The Doctor, along with a benefactor from the unidentified nation known only by the alias "Madame Piranha", watch as Mechani-Kong enters an ice cave and begins to dig into the glacier. However, as the robot digs, the unbelievable radiation produced by the glowing substance destroys its systems and shuts it down. Meanwhile, a submarine from the United Nations is damaged and forced to weigh anchor off the coast of Mondo Island, an island where, according to legend, the real King Kong resides. As it so happens, the sub\'s Commander Carl Nelson has spent many years studying the legend of Kong and is all to pleased to venture ashore to explore, along with Lt. Commander Jiro Nomura and Lt. Susan Watson. Once on the Island, the crew see an old man atop a hill shouting at them to leave the area, for it is taboo to enter the territory of Kong. Nelson and Nomura go to confront the old man, leaving Susan alone with their landing craft. However, no sooner have the men left then a gigantic theropod dinosaur  emerges from the forest and makes to attack Susan. Suddenly, from out of a nearby cave, a roar is heard, and a few seconds later, King Kong himself emerges, bellowing and beating his chest. Seeing Susan, he realizes she is in danger and places her in a tree. Then, Kong attacks Gorosaurus with all he has. Unfortunately, the bipedal predator possesses a powerful "kangaroo-kick" that floors Kong several times and prevents him from getting to close to inflict serious damage. As the two titans duke it out, Nelson and Nomura return and, with Susan in tow, escape in their hovercraft. Behind them, Kong finally defeats Gorosaurus by breaking its jaw. He follows the hovercraft to the coast of the island just in time to see a Giant Sea Snake heading for them. Kong dives into the water and grabs the snake, buying time for the crew to return safely to the sub. The giant ape then defeats the huge serpent and swims over to the sub. He begins to shake it and bang on the hull, hoping Susan will appear again. Knowing she is what Kong wants, Susan volunteers to exit the sub to try to calm him down. She succeeds, and after saying goodbye to a crestfallen Kong, she returns to the sub and the crew leaves for New York. Once in America, the submarine crew relates their amazing discoveries on Mondo Island to the United Nations. They also state that the sub will be returning to the island to study Kong and the other kaiju on the island. However, they are unaware that Madame Piranha is at the meeting, and after it ends, she sneaks into the ladies restroom and contacts Dr. Hu. She relates the details of the crew\'s discoveries, and she and Who begin to hatch a plan. A few days later, Dr Hu arrives on Mondo and a fleet of helicopters fly out and attract Kong\'s attention. They drop gas bombs around the great ape, and the ether soon knocks him out cold. The helicopters then lower large shackles down, and a ground crew secures them to Kong\'s wrists and ankles. Suddenly, the old man erupts from the jungle and points at the now secured ape, and as he attempts to get answers from Dr. Hu , the evil scientist shoots him three times and leaves him in the underbrush to die. As he departs, the four helicopters lift King Kong from Mondo Island and lower him into the cargo hold of their huge ship. They then head back to the North Pole. Soon after, the United Nations sub returns and the trio of Commander Nelson, Lt Commander Nomura, and Lt Watson venture onto the island. They discover evidence of something nefarious, and are unable to locate Kong. What they do find, however, is the old man bleeding in the bushes. As the islander lays dying in Susan\'s arms, he tells Carl, who can understand the language, that "An oriental skeleton, a devil with eyes like a gutter-rat, kidnapped Kong and took him away into the skies." He then dies, but he has told Carl all he needs to know: Kong was kidnapped by Dr. Hu, an old "friend" of Carl\'s. In fact, Hu\'s Mechani-Kong was built using blueprints based on Nelson\'s own detailed diagrams of the real Kong. The Doctor had stolen the drawings and used them to create a robot that he believed would secure for him the Element X. However, the robot had failed, and now Who planned to use the real Kong to do his bidding. However, in order to do that, he needed to put the next part of his plan into action. He sends several of his minions to Mondo Island who, posing as the Japanese SDF , collect Carl, Jiro, and Susan, claiming that Kong has swum ashore at Tokyo. The trio are suspicious, but can do nothing as they are flown off to the North Pole. Meanwhile, Dr. Hu decides to try another method of controlling Kong. His reason for kidnapping the three crew members were not only for their familiarity with Kong, but for the ape\'s relationship with Susan Watson in particular. On Mondo, Kong had been so infatuated by Watson, that he began to listen to her and do what she asked. Although Dr. Hu believed that he could use this connection to get Kong to extract the Element X, he is not willing to wait for the prisoners to arrive and puts an alternative idea to the test. In the cage where the still unconscious King Kong lies, workers attach both a receiving speaker and camera to the beast\'s ears. When Kong awakens, his first sight is a flashing light that soon places him in a state of hypnosis. From the speaker, the voice of Dr. Hu commands Kong to enter the cave and dig out the Element X. Kong complies and ventures into the cave and begins to dig. However, the hypnotized Kong soon snaps out of it, and tears both the speaker and camera off of his ears. He then turns around and attempts to return to the base, but Hu orders the gate shut, and Kong is trapped in the cave. Soon after, Carl, Jiro, and Susan arrive and are greeted by Dr. Hu. He explains his plans and requests their assistance. All three refuse, and are put into a holding cell. A few minutes later, Carl is released and brought to the room of Madame Piranha, who explains her view of the whole situation. As she attempts to buy Carl off, Dr. Hu enters and promptly breaks up the meeting. Only a few minutes after Carl is returned to the cell, he is once again summoned, this time by Dr. Hu. In an attempt to gain Carl\'s assistance in controlling Kong, he turns the prison cell\'s temperature down to zero, which puts both Jiro and Susan in a freezing environment. Carl refuses to help, even as his friends slowly begin to freeze to death. A while later, Dr. Hu enters the cell and states that Carl has been canceled. He then shackles Jiro to the wall and attempts to press Susan\'s face against the ice-covered metal walls. Fortunately, outside Kong has almost broken through the caged door and his banging begins to shake the entire lair. Hu and his minions leave the cell, and Jiro and Susan quickly make their getaway. Outside, Kong has crawled out of the underground lair and begins to flee. The great ape then dives into the frigid ocean and quickly swims away. Back inside, Jiro and Susan discover that Carl is still alive, but the three are once again captured and loaded onboard Dr. Hu\'s ship as the evil scientist sets sail in pursuit of Kong. The ship soon arrives in Japan, where King Kong has swum ashore. Dr. Hu plans to unleash his Mechani-Kong against its organic counterpart. However, Madame Piranha is hesitant to be a party to the inevitable collateral damage, and urges the doctor not to let the two kaiju fight in Tokyo. After all, thousands would be killed. Dr. Hu ignores her sudden change in character as well as her pleas, and prepares his robot for combat. Down below, the submarine crew are chained in a cell, unable to help Kong. Suddenly, Madame Piranha enters and frees them, begging them to do their best to save the lives of the people in the city by leading Kong away before his mechanical doppelganger can engage him. The trio flee the ship and arrive safely in Tokyo, where the JSDF are preparing to fire on Kong. As Carl warns the army not to attack, Susan runs to Kong, whom picks her up gently. She calms him down and assures him that he will not be attacked. However, there is a loud crash behind them, and suddenly Mechani-Kong emerges through the remains of a destroyed building. Susan tries to warn Kong not to fight the machine, as it will most assuredly be a losing battle. Kong, however, carefully places Watson on the ground, and then turns to fight his robotic clone head-on. However, Mechani-Kong has been outfitted with the hypnosis device and, as Kong charges, the light, now attached to the top of the robot\'s head, begins to flash. Kong stops dead in his tracks and begins to slow down again. On the ground, Lt. Commander Nomura takes a shotgun and aims at the titular monster, eventually shooting and destroying the blinking light. Kong once again snaps out of it and finally charges to meet his opponent. The two seem evenly matched for a while, but Dr. Hu suddenly turns the tides of the battle and controls his robot to scoop up Susan. The giant mecha then begins to ascend Tokyo Tower with Susan as his unwilling captive. Kong follows, and begins to climb after his foe. On the ship, Madame Piranha pulls a gun on Dr. Hu and threatens to shoot him. However, he triggers the silent alarm, and he and his minions quickly overpower her, leaving her with a bullet wound in her arm. Back in the city, the mouth of Mechani-Kong opens and the voice of Dr. Hu emanates from a speaker within. He warns Kong that if he does not return to the ship, the robot will drop Susan. Kong, however, continues to pursue his metal clone up the tower, and soon enough, the robotic ape lets go of its prisoner, sending Susan falling towards the ground. Kong catches her and sets her safely down on a platform within the tower, and then begins to climb after Mechani-Kong, finally able to fight it again. Below, Jiro climbs up the tower and rescues Susan. As the two monsters get higher and higher, the tower begins to shake more and more. Susan slips and nearly falls off the tower, but is saved by both Jiro and a team of policemen who bring them both safely to the ground. Back in the control room on Dr. Hu\'s ship, Madame Piranha decides to tip the balance in Kong\'s favor, and makes one last attempt to save the lives of the people of not only Japan, but of the world. The wounded traitor rises and quickly rips the wires and control cables from the wall. Dr. Hu turns and shoots her twice in the chest, and she falls dead to the floor. However, her actions, and her sacrifice, are not in vain, for outside, Mechani-Kong begins to short-circuit. Now disabled, the mechanical ape falls from the very top of Tokyo Tower and shatters upon impact with the ground. Having won the battle, King Kong beats his chest in triumph. The next day, Dr, Hu decides to beat a hasty retreat in his ship. However, on the dock, Carl Nelson, Jiro Nomura, and Susan Watson stand with King Kong. Susan commands Kong to "stop that ship!", and the ape obliges and dives into the sea in pursuit of the freighter. Kong soon catches the ship and begins to destroy it from the outside in. He pounds on it and begins to push it under. Inside, Dr, Hu is crushed by falling debris and is soon killed as the ship finally floods and sinks. With his job done, King Kong beats his chest and bellows in victory. He then turns and begins his long swim home to Mondo Island.'] ["A team of scientists are trying to perfect a weather-controlling system. Their efforts are hampered by the arrival of a nosy reporter and by the sudden presence of 2-meter tall giant praying mantises. The first test of the weather control system goes awry when the remote control for a radioactive balloon is jammed by an unexplained signal coming from the center of the island. The balloon detonates prematurely, creating a radioactive storm that causes the giant mantises to grow to enormous sizes. Investigating the mantises, which are named Kamacuras , the scientists find the monstrous insects digging an egg out from under a pile of earth. The egg hatches, revealing a baby Godzilla. The scientists realize that the baby's telepathic cries for help were the cause of the interference that ruined their experiment. Shortly afterwards, Godzilla himself arrives on the island, demolishing the scientist's base as he rushes to defend the baby. Godzilla kills two of the Kamacuras during the battle while one manages to fly away to safety, Godzilla then adopts the baby. The baby Godzilla, named Minilla, quickly grows to about half the size of his father, and Godzilla instructs him on the important monster skills of roaring and using his atomic ray. At first, Minilla has difficulty producing anything more than atomic smoke rings, but Godzilla discovers that stressful conditions  or motivation produces a true radioactive blast. Minilla comes to the aid of Reiko when she is attacked by a Kamacuras, but inadvertently awakens Kumonga , a giant spider that was sleeping in a valley. Kumonga attacks the caves where the scientists are hiding, and Minilla stumbles into the fray. Kumonga traps Minilla and the final Kamacuras with his webbing, but as Kumonga begins to feed on the deceased Kamacuras, Godzilla arrives to save the day. Godzilla saves his son and they work together to defeat Kumonga by using their atomic rays on the giant spider. The scientists finally use their perfected weather altering device on the island and the once tropical island becomes buried in snow and ice. As the scientists are saved by an American submarine, Godzilla and Minilla begin to hibernate as they wait for the island to become tropical again."] ["At the close of the 20th Century, all of the Earth's kaiju have been collected and confined in an area known as Monster Island, by the United Nations Science Committee, in the Ogasawara island chain. A special control center is constructed underneath the island to ensure the monsters stay secure, and serve as a research facility to study them. When communications with Monster Island are suddenly and mysteriously severed, and all of the monsters begin attacking world capitals, Dr. Yoshida of the UNSC orders Captain Yamabe and the crew of his spaceship, Moonlight SY-3, to investigate Ogasawara. There, they discover that the scientists, led by Dr. Otani, have become mind-controlled slaves of a feminine alien race identifying themselves as the Kilaaks, who reveal that they are in control of the monsters. Their leader demands that the human race surrender, or face total annihilation. Godzilla attacks New York City, Rodan invades Moscow, Mothra lays waste to Beijing, Gorosaurus destroys Paris, and Manda attacks London, which is set in to motion to take attention away from Japan, so the aliens can establish an underground stronghold near Mt. Fuji in Japan. The Kilaaks then turn their next major attack on Tokyo, and without serious opposition, become arrogant in their aims, until the UNSC discover the Kilaaks have switched to broadcasting the control signals from their base under the Moon's surface. In a desperate battle, the crew of the SY-3 destroy the Kilaak's lunar outpost and return the alien control system to Earth. With all of the monsters under the control of the UNSC, the Kilaaks unleash their hidden weapon, King Ghidorah. The three-headed space monster is dispatched to protect the alien stronghold at Mt. Fuji, and battles Godzilla, Minilla, Mothra, Rodan, Gorosaurus, Anguirus, Kumonga, Manda, Baragon, and Varan. While seemingly invincible, King Ghidorah is eventually overpowered by the combined strength of the Earth monsters and is killed. Refusing to admit defeat, the Kilaaks produce their trump card, a burning monster they call the Fire Dragon, which begins to torch cities and destroys the control center on Ogasawara. Suddenly, Godzilla attacks and destroys the Kilaak's underground base, revealing the Earth's monsters instinctively know who their enemies are. Captain Yamabe then pursues the Fire Dragon in the SY-3, and narrowly achieves victory for the human race. The Fire Dragon is revealed to be a flaming Kilaak saucer and is destroyed. Godzilla and the other monsters are eventually returned to Monster Island to live in peace."] ["The plot concerns a biological researcher, Professor Gerald Deemer, who is trying to prevent the food shortages which will result from the world's expanding population. With the help of atomic science, he invents a special nutrient on which animals can live exclusively, but which causes them to grow to many times their normal size. In his laboratory, he houses several oversized rodents and, inexplicably, a Mexican red rumped tarantula. When his researchers try the nutrient, they develop runaway acromegaly. One of them is driven mad, half destroys the lab , and attacks Deemer, injecting him with the solution. The tarantula is one of the creatures freed. As a result, Deemer gradually becomes more and more deformed while the now-gigantic tarantula ravages the countryside. A sympathetic doctor, Matt Hastings, and Deemer's female assistant, Stephanie Clayton, investigate the mystery of the clean-picked animal bones and eight-foot pools of arachnid venom, which the spider leaves behind: it also wrecks the Deemer lab. The spider is eventually destroyed, after several failed attempts, by a napalm attack launched from a jet fighter squadron. The film's poster, featuring a spider with two eyes instead of the normal eight, and carrying a woman in its fangs, does not represent any actual scene in the film."] ["A team of environmentalists, including a reporter, her camera man, and an environmentalist's famous girlfriend charter a boat and with the captain, sail to a military island. They suspect the island is hosting to illegal activities. Upon arrival, however, they find no one. They finally reach a deserted house, where they find Dr. Susan Richardson, who tells them that everyone on the island is dead, including her father. Richardson's team were working on a compound that could make edible plants grow to super size, however the military intervened with plans of their own. They wanted to test the compound's effects on animals, and proceeded to feed it to several komodo dragons and cobras. As a result, both species grows to an enormous size and begins to devour everything on the island, including the humans. The group, the doctor, and the boat captain must escape the island, while avoiding the huge creatures. The military finds out that some problems are happenning on the island, so they send in troops. Who are then attacked by a giant komodo dragon. Meanwhile, the group try to escape to the lab, barely escaping a cobra and komodo. One environmentalist is killed, and the camera man. In the lab, Richardson tells her flashback of how the military messed things up. Now just wanting to escape the island alive, the group try to get back to the beach. On the beach they try to get to the yacht, but the military drop a bomb on it. Then a cobra comes out the water and eats two more men. The remainder of the group decide to head for a helicopter that was left behind on a mountain by the doctor's father and team. While trying to cross a river to the mountain, one environmentalist is bit by huge leeches. That's when Dr. Richardson announces that anything that comes into contact with the animal DNA  can turn into a giant of its kind [ex. the leeches.] On the mountaintop, the remaining five run into a komodo blocking the helicopter, the komodo smelling their scent. Soon, the cobra joins the party. The man who was attacked by the leeches weakingly makes himself bait. With bullets not penitrating the cobra's skin, he is devoured. The military see footage of the giant komodo dragons and the yachtand decide to bomb the island, with the Americans still on it. Soon, the komodo and the cobra begin to fight each other. The boat driver, who used to be a helicopter driver, flies the three remaining women away. Both the komodo and the cobra are killed in a military bombing on the island, still in mid-battle. At the end of the film, a scientist who has escaped the komodo, reawakens from the dead with reptilian characteristics, such as glowing green eyes and a forked tongue, revealing he is turning into a komodo dragon [he had touched the komodo's saliva.]"] ["Thorne Sherman and his first mate Griswold deliver supplies to a group on a remote island. The group, consisting of a scientist named Marlowe Cragis, his research assistant Radford Baines, the scientist's daughter Ann, her fiancee Jerry Farrel, and a servant named Mario, meet the captain and his first mate and advise them to stay with them in a house because a hurricane is approaching. Thorne goes but Griswold stays with the boat. On the island, a doctor works to make humans half-size. This, apparently, will reduce world hunger as smaller humans would presumably eat less. Unfortunately, his experiments have also created some giant, venomous shrews. Thorne and Ann begin to fall in love, which angers Jerry. As the shrews run out of smaller animals to eat, they eat Griswold and close in on the people in the house, ultimately breaking in through the basement. It is discovered that the shrews have a poisonous bite, as a small single bite is enough to kill Mario. The poison kills Radford, and the shrews force the group  out of the house to escape to Thorne's boat. They do this by making impromptu armor out of oil drums and crawl to the beach lashed inside them. Jerry is killed by the shrews after he changes his mind and chases after the others, but the rest of the crew  manage a successful escape to the boat."] ['The film opens with newspaper photojournalist Audrey Aimes  accidentally stumbling upon a small town in Illinois which has been inexplicably destroyed. All 150 people in the town are missing, and the evidence indicates they are dead. Incredibly, the local fields are also barren, as if a swarm of locusts had eaten all the crops. Aimes suspects that the military is covering something up, and travels to a nearby United States Department of Agriculture experimental farm to learn what creature might have caused the agricultural destruction. She meets Dr. Ed Wainwright , who is experimenting with radiation as a means of growing gigantic fruits and vegetables to end world hunger. Dr. Wainwright reports that there have been a number of mysterious incidents nearby, and that locusts have eaten all the radioactive wheat stored in a nearby grain silo. The tension in the film rises as the audience sees gigantic mutant locusts rampaging over the countryside. Dr. Wainwright and Ms. Aimes begin to track down the source of the mysterious occurrences, and quickly discover that the locusts which ate the grain have grown to the size of city bus. The monsters have eaten all the crops in the area, and now are seeking human beings as a means of sustenance. It is also clear that they are headed for the city of Chicago. Wainwright and Aimes meet with General Hanson , Colonel Sturgeon , and Captain Barton  to strategize a solution. Machine gun and artillery fire seem ineffective against the creatures, and there are far too many to effectively deal with all at once. The United States Army and Illinois National Guard are called upon to help protect the city. But the monsters quickly invade Chicago, and began to feast on human flesh as well as several buildings. General Hanson concludes that the only way to destroy the beasts en masse is to use a nuclear weapon and destroy Chicago. However, Dr. Wainwright realizes that the locusts are warm-weather creatures. He concludes that he might be able to lure the locusts into Lake Michigan. There, the cold water will incapacitate them, and they will drown. The lure itself will be a tape recording of the locust mating call. The plan is put into effect, and it works at the last possible moment. The monstrous locusts drown, but Dr. Wainwright and Ms. Aimes wonder if other insects or animals might have eaten other radioactive crops. They ponder whether the whole world might be facing an attack of monstrous creatures.'] ["King Acrisius of Argos  imprisons his daughter Danaë , jealous of her beauty. When the god Zeus  impregnates her, Acrisius sends his daughter and his newborn grandson Perseus to sea in a wooden coffin. In retribution, Zeus kills Acrisius and orders Poseidon , to release a gigantic sea monster called the Kraken to destroy Argos. Meanwhile, Danaë and Perseus safely float to the island of Seriphos, where Perseus grows to adulthood. Calibos ([[Neil McCarthy , son of the sea goddess Thetis , is a young man engaged to marry Princess Andromeda , the daughter of Queen Cassiopeia  and heir to the rich city of Joppa; but has destroyed Zeus's sacred flying horses . To punish him, Zeus transforms Calibos into a deformed monster and he is exiled by his people. In revenge, Thetis transports Perseus  from Seriphos to Joppa, where he learns that Andromeda is under a curse and cannot marry unless her suitor successfully answers a riddle, whose failures are burned at the stake. Perseus, wearing a helmet that renders its wearer invisible, captures Pegasus and follows Andromeda to learn a new riddle from Calibos. Perseus is nearly killed by Calibos but escapes, losing his helmet in the process. Perseus presents himself as suitor and correctly answers the riddle, presenting the severed hand of Calibos. Perseus wins Andromeda's hand in marriage. Calibos, finding that Thetis cannot act against Perseus, instead demands that she take vengeance on Joppa. At the wedding, Queen Cassiopeia compares Andromeda's beauty to that of Thetis herself, whereupon Thetis demands Andromeda be sacrificed to the Kraken on pain of Joppa's destruction.  Perseus seeks a way to defeat the Kraken, while Pegasus is captured by Calibos and his men. Zeus commands Athena  to give Perseus her owl Bubo; but she orders Hephaestus  to build a mechanical replica of Bubo instead, who leads Perseus to the Stygian Witches . By taking their magic eye Perseus forces them to reveal that the only way to defeat the Kraken is by using the head of Medusa the Gorgon, who in this version lives at the edge of the Underworld. There, Perseus kills Medusa's canine guardian Dioskilos, who slays one of Perseus's companions; whereas two others die on encounter with Medusa herself. Perseus uses the reflective underside of his shield to deceive Medusa, decapitates her, and collects her head; but the shield is dissolved by her blood. As Perseus and his party set to return, Calibos enters their camp and punctures the cloak carrying Medusa's head, causing her blood to produce giant scorpions. Most of the men are killed; but Perseus slays the last scorpion and thereafter kills Calibos.  Weakened by his struggle, Perseus sends Bubo to bring Pegasus; this Bubo does, and later diverts the Kraken until Perseus appears on Pegasus. In the subsequent battle, Bubo and Perseus use Medusa's head to turn the Kraken into stone, and free Andromeda. The gods predict that Perseus and Andromeda will live happily, rule wisely, and produce children, and Zeus forbids the other gods to pursue vengeance against them. The likenesses of Perseus, Andromeda, Pegasus, and Cassiopeia appear as constellations."] ['Anna Quarrels , the new librarian in the Rare Books Room, was doing her job when the edgy Mr. Jamison from the University of Chicago came in wanting to see Mary Shelley\'s original manuscript for "Frankenstein, or The Modern Prometheus". Anna did everything right  before she laid the precious manuscript in his hands. When he had finished, she prepared to tuck it back into the stacks. Imagine her surprise when she discovered that he had switched blank paper for the manuscript and walked out of the library with it. Checking his I.D., she learns that it was false, so she hires a quirky Private Detective, David Raleigh , who works out of his video store, to track him down. By dusting the sign-in sheet, David is able to lift a set of the man\'s fingerprints and, after running them through the National Fingerprint Clearinghouse, he finds out that the man\'s name is really Dr. Winston Berber. Now it is only a matter of finding Winston Berber and getting back Shelley\'s manuscript. Meanwhile, Berber  is gloating over his collection of rare manuscripts. Along with Shelley\'s manuscript, he\'s now obtained the originals of Guy Endore\'s "The Werewolf of Paris"  and James Putnam\'s "Mummy" . He needs only to get the first edition of Bram Stoker\'s "Dracula" , and his collection will be complete. Berber needs the manuscripts because, even with four doctorate degrees in Physics, Mathematics, Folklore, and Philosophy, he is a nebbish. Consequently, he has created an "Archetype Inducer" and plans to bring to life the four greatest monsters from horror history -- the Mummy, the Wolfman, Dracula, and Frankenstein\'s monster -- in order to do his bidding. Two weeks have passed, and David has been so busy at the video store that he has not yet located Berber. Not to worry. Berber shows up at the library looking for the first edition of "Dracula" and Anna recognizes him. Holding Berber at bay with a pair of scissors, she phones David and tells him to hurry over to the library. Before David can get there, however, Berber zaps Anna with a taser, steals "Dracula", and takes both the book and Anna to his laboratory. When Anna comes to, she finds herself cuffed to a table. Berber informs her that she is just what he needs -- a virgin between the ages of 20 and 35 -- to sacrifice naked in order to make the Archetype Inducer work. Suddenly, David breaks into the lab, having gotten Berber\'s address off his computer at the video store. He knocks Berber out and releases Anna. Anna grabs all the manuscripts, and they hightail it out of the lab. Unfortunately, they weren\'t quick enough. Berber had already turned on the Archetype Inducer. While David and Anna are making their getaway, four figures step out of the machine -- the Mummy , the Frankenstein monster , the Wolfman , and Dracula  -- only they are midgets. Dracula is not happy that he has been brought to life as a three foot midget, but Berber assures him that he can change that if he can get his hands on Anna, who is now part of the equation. So the monsters offer to get her for him. Meanwhile, Anna isn\'t too happy either about the bill that David sent her for his services...$6,200. Anna\'s supervisor, Miss Christina , isn\'t happy either because Anna keeps dodging her advances. When Anna once again dodges her advances, Christina stays late at the library in order to make love to the first edition of "Jane Eyre" in the Rare Book Reading Room. When she hears noise out on the floor, she goes to investigate and falls prey to Dracula\'s net. Now it\'s Berber who isn\'t happy, because Christina is not Anna, and he must have Anna for the procedure to work. However, Dracula forces him to try it anyway. Berber switches on the machine, Christina disappears then reappears as a Viking then disappears again. True to Berber\'s word, the procedure didn\'t work, so the monsters set out again to find Anna. First stop is David\'s house, where Dracula attempts to wrest Anna\'s address out of him, but David refuses to comply. When Dracula tries to bite his neck, David flashes the crucifix on his necklace, says, "Thank God I\'m a Catholic," and races out the door. The monsters and Berber follow him, assuming that he will lead them to Anna. David leads them to the library. The monsters attempt to capture Anna, but David grabs Berber and threatens to break his neck if they don\'t leave Anna alone. David pulls out Berber\'s taser and threatens Dracula, who simply zaps it, causing it to explode. Anna and David are taken back to the lab where Berber again prepares for the procedure. When Dracula asks for assurance that it will work this time, Berber won\'t guarantee it because Anna is not a virgin. Dracula suggests that they find another woman, a virgin this time, to go through the procedure along with Anna, but Berber says that will unbalance things. The only way to keep everything balanced is to find an opposite to Anna -- a male virgin. After asking David about his virginity, Dracula is assured that he is indeed a virgin, and the preparations continue while David tries to come up with a catch. At the last minute, Anna has an idea. She points out to the monsters that, if they stay in the real world, they will eventually die like all humans do. However, if they return to the pages of the novels from whence they came, they will live on forever as the legends they are. Just as Berber pushes the red button to start the machine working, David and Anna escape from their cuffs. Instead of them being sucked into the machine, Christina the Viking reappears, grabs Berber, and they both disappear again. Anna and David conclude that the machine turned them into archetypes of a Viking and a mad scientist. Having had a little time to ponder, Dracula tells David to press the red button again. They have chosen to return to their own lands as the legends they are rather than to die in the real world, he explains. Before the monsters are sucked back into the pages of their respective novels, Dracula tells Anna that she is wise "for someone who has not yet lived a single lifetime. But do not fear," he adds, "we will always be with you...in your nightmares." Epilogue: Anna shows up at David\'s video store, gives him a check for his services, and informs him that Berber\'s lab has been torn down. She also gives him a book, the first English language edition of Venus in Furs. David thanks her and admits that he saw the movie. "1970, directed by Jess Franco , starring Klaus Kinski. Actually, there was an earlier version directed by Larry Buchanan, the guy who did Zontar: The Thing from Venus . Actually, I think there\'s a \'94 version but it\'s all in Dutch...," he drones on. Anna interrupts him with a kiss.'] ['A drunken Gypsy couple spending the night in the abandoned Wolfstein castle accidentally resurrect the werewolf Imre Wolfstein when they remove the silver cross from his corpse. Once alive, he not only kills the Gypsy couple, but also wreaks havoc on a nearby village. The villagers attribute the attack to ordinary wolves, and in response, form a hunting party to kill off the animals. While on the hunt, Count Waldemar Daninsky is attacked by Imre Wolfstein and is afflicted with lycanthropy. After killing innocent victims in the midst of his transformation, he seeks help from specialists, Dr. Janos de Mikhelov and his wife, who turn out to be two vampires. They revive the first werewolf, Imre, from the dead, and force the two werewolves to battle each other. Waldemar kills Imre Wolfstein with his fangs and then destroys the two vampires, only to be killed in turn by a bullet fired by the woman who loved him most.'] ['{{plot|datePart onePart two The creature befriends an elderly blind peasant. The blind man is eager to introduce his new friend to his grandchildren Felix and Agatha, the latter of whom the creature becomes enamored by. For many days the creature hides from them when they return home, afraid of letting anyone see his face, a habit the blind man attributes only to shyness. Felix and Agatha choose to surprise their grandfather\'s friend by turning up unexpectedly, but upon seeing the creature, Agatha flees into the woods in terror while Felix attacks. In self-defense, the creature reflexively flings Felix away, smashing Felix\'s skull. He then pursues Agatha into the woods, but as she runs from him she stumbles into the path of a horse-drawn carriage. Agatha is run over and killed. The creature takes the body and carries it back to Frankenstein\'s laboratory, intent on asking his creator to restore her to life. He arrives to find that Victor has long since left and that the laboratory is now occupied by Dr. Polidori, the crippled former mentor of Clerval. Having become aware of Victor\'s failed experiment and discovering that Henry Clerval\'s brain resides in the creature\'s body, Polidori agrees to help the creature\'s beloved Agatha. Victor, having abandoned his experiments after the creature\'s apparent suicide, has now returned to his country house to marry Elizabeth. On the day of his wedding he is visited by Polidori, who uses the fact of the creature\'s existence to blackmail Victor into helping him create a female being. In exchange, Polidori promises that Victor will be forever free of them all once the experiment is complete. Victor reluctantly agrees, and much to Elizabeth\'s dismay leaves her alone on their wedding night to join Polidori in his laboratory. Polidori reveals that it was he who perfected the preservation and reanimation of dead flesh. He scoffs at the use of solar power and blames the procedure as the reason for the Creature\'s degeneration. Clerval had apparently stolen Polidori\'s secrets and left the helpless Polidori without assistance. Desiring fame and racing against his own increasing weakness, Clerval came to believe the solar route would be a quicker and simpler way to accomplish the same goal. Keeping the creature locked away like an animal, Polidori employs Victor in attaching Agatha\'s head to a new body. Together, they bring to life a beautiful female creature whom Polidori names Prima. Victor believes himself forever free of both his creature and Polidori and leaves for a several months-long honeymoon with Elizabeth. Polidori insinuates his "ward" Prima and himself into the Fanshawe household. Enraged at seeing Polidori, Frankenstein reluctantly complies with his wishes and decides not to interfere with Polidori\'s plan. It becomes evident that Prima is evil, and Elizabeth grows increasingly wary of the young woman after she catches her deliberately trying to strangle a household cat. Suspicious about the decorative neck choker which Prima insists on wearing, Elizabeth spies on Prima as she sleeps and sees with horror the stitches on her neck where her head has been attached. She begs Victor to dismiss her from the house. At the laboratory Victor confronts Polidori, who tells him that he and Prima will be moving on shortly. As a show of good faith that he now really means to set Victor free, Polidori hypnotizes the creature and puts him to sleep at the edge of a vat of acid. The servants are about to push him in but, at the last moment, Victor cries out for the creature to wake up. He does so, hurling one of the servants into the acid as Polidori locks him in the basement. Polidori has his remaining servant set fire to the building with the creature trapped inside and chastises Victor for his hypocrisy, telling him that he loved his creature "so long as it was pretty, but when it lost its looks that was a different matter!" The volatile chemicals still stored in the building explode, leveling the chateau. Later on, a ball to present Prima to society is held at the Fanshawe mansion. Prima performs a delightful ballet routine which impresses all the guests. Beaming with pride, Polidori finally explains to a drunken Victor his true plan: to use the stunning Prima as a courtesan to the rich and powerful, with the ultimate plan of gaining international political influence. At that moment, Frankenstein\'s badly burned creature bursts into the ballroom. Scattering the guests, he makes his way towards Prima. He rips away the now savage Prima\'s neckband, revealing her neck scar to the horrified crowd. After a tussle, where the guests try to keep a crazed Prima from reaching the monster, he succeeds in literally pulling off her head, dropping it at Polidori\'s feet. The ballroom is left in chaos and destruction. The next day a police investigation begins and Victor attempts to confess. Elizabeth intervenes, convincing the inspector in charge that Victor has been suffering from mental strain and that Polidori is responsible for everything. Elizabeth and Victor choose to leave England and voyage to America to begin life anew. Victor and Elizabeth board the ship but find that Polidori is also on board. He insists that Victor and he will continue their experiments in America and will not accept their refusal. Elizabeth witnesses the creature hiding in Polidori\'s cabin. She locks Polidori in the cabin with the creature and takes the key. When she tells Victor what she has done, his sense of morality urges him to set Polidori free. He does, but the creature pursues Polidori onto the deck. The creature ties a rope around Polidori and hoists him high into the lightning storm above. In an attempt to stop Polidori\'s murder, Victor is struck by a swinging plank and falls to the deck unconscious. The ship\'s crew flee in a lifeboat, leaving only Victor, Elizabeth and the creature on board. Elizabeth cruelly and rather unwisely taunts the creature with the knowledge of her pregnancy. Enraged, the mind of Clerval surfaces, and the creature kills her. The Clerval part of the creature carefully observes and treats Victor\'s condition, after having lashed the wheel of the ship on a heading straight for the uncharted wilderness of the North Pole. When Victor finally awakens, he finds the frozen body of Elizabeth on deck and the ship itself locked in ice. Victor sees the creature\'s footprints leading away from the ship, making their way across the ice plain to what appears to be a cavern at the base of a large iceberg. Victor follows him, overcome by remorse, realizing that this whole tragedy was caused by his rejection of the helpless, deteriorating creature, who upon Victor\'s death will be utterly alone, cursed with an "iron body" that, even here, will keep him alive against his will. Victor begs the Creature\'s forgiveness; the sound of his shouts sets off an ice avalanche. As tons of ice begin to fall upon them both, the Creature  forgives his creator.'] ['When a series of unexplained vicious animal attacks strikes his community, Sheriff Jim Tanner and his assistant Barbara trace them back to a Dr. Hyde, a former military researcher whose government funding for a dinosaur cloning project was cut. When the Pentagon discovers Hyde obtained foreign backing to continue his experiments, they send in a strike team to save Tanner and Barbara and stop Hyde.'] ["The film starts with Baron Victor Frankenstein  in prison awaiting execution for murder, where he tells the story of his life to a priest. The story begins in his youth when his father's death results in his succeeding to the Frankenstein estate. He is mentored by a man named Paul Krempe ([[Robert Urquhart  and, as Victor ages, the two begin to collaborate on scientific experiments. One night, after a successful experiment in which they bring a dead dog back to life, Victor suggests that they create a human life from scratch. Krempe assists Victor at first, but eventually withdraws, unable to tolerate the continued scavenging of human remains. The body parts of Frankenstein's monster are assembled from a corpse found swinging on a gallows and both hands and eyes purchased from charnel house workers. For the brain, Victor seeks out an aging and distinguished professor so that the monster can have a sharp mind and the accumulation of a lifetime of knowledge. He invites the professor to his house in the guise of a friendly visit, but subsequently pushes him off the top of a straircase, killing him in what appears to others to be an accident. After the professor is buried, Victor proceeds to the vault, but Krempe finds him there and the brain is damaged in the ensuing scuffle. With all of the parts assembled , Frankenstein finally brings life to the monster . Unfortunately, the creature Frankenstein creates does not have the professor's intelligence and is both violent and psychotic. Frankenstein locks the creature up, but it escapes and kills an old blind man it encounters in the woods. Victor and Krempe hunt it down, shoot it, and bury it in the woods. After Krempe leaves town, Frankenstein digs up and revives the creature. He uses it to murder his maid, Justine , when she threatens to tell the authorities about his strange experiments. Eventually, however, the creature escapes again and threatens Victor's bride, Elizabeth . Victor again pursues it, and this time burns it with a lantern, causing it to fall into a bath of acid. Its body is completely dissolved, leaving no proof that it ever existed and Victor is imprisoned for Justine's death. He implores the returning Krempe to testify to the priest and his gaolers that it was the creature that killed Justine, but Krempe refuses and Frankenstein is led away to be executed. The viewer is left uncertain whether Frankenstein's story is true or simply the ravings of a homicidal lunatic."] ["The film begins with Baron Charles Frankenstein ([[Sting , his monster , Dr. Zalhus , and his assistant Paulus  creating a female mate named Eva  for the monster. Eva is physically identical to a human and lacking the deformities of the monster. As such, she is revolted by the monster and rejects him. This causes the monster to fly into a rage and destroy Frankenstein's laboratory. Frankenstein, believing himself and Eva to be the only survivors, flees with her back to Castle Frankenstein. There he falls in love with her and pursues the goal of making her a perfect human mate. The monster, having survived, wanders into the countryside where he befriends a dwarf, Rinaldo . They become involved with a circus owner who eventually kills Rinaldo, causing the monster to sink into a state of deep sorrow and rage. He decides to return to Castle Frankenstein to retrieve his mate. At this time, Eva discovers that she shares a psychic link with the monster. She rejects the Baron as the monster is returning to the castle to rescue her. In the film's ending, the Baron falls to his death, and the monster and Eva reunite with each other and head off to Venice."] ["The central plot of the film revolves around the titular spider invasion, which occurs when what appears to be a meteorite crashes down in rural Wisconsin, and spawns spiders of varying sizes. Subplots include: * Dan Kester and his hate/hate relationship with his wife, Ev * Dan's adulterous affair with local barmaid Helga * Dave Perkins' attempts to make out with Ev's sister Terry * A fundamentalist preacher leading a revival meeting * Drs. Vance and Langer getting involved in somewhat of a romance  * The eventual panic that results when the townspeople are confronted with the spider The invasion is deduced  to be the result of some sort of interdimensional gateway, and is ultimately thwarted when Drs. Vance and Langer manage to close off the gateway, draining the spiders of their energy and causing them to melt into puddles of disgusting sludge."] ['Following a nuclear incident in French Polynesia, a lizard\'s nest is irradiated by the fallout of subsequent radiation. Decades later, a Japanese fishing vessel is suddenly attacked by an enormous sea creature in the South Pacific ocean; only one seaman survives. Traumatized, he is questioned by a mysterious Frenchman in a hospital regarding what he saw, to which he replies, "Gojira". Following a chase with Godzilla, the creature dives into the Hudson River where it is attacked by a Navy submarine. After sustaining head-on collisions with torpedoes, the beast sinks after being rendered incapacitated. Believing it is finally dead, the authorities celebrate. Dr. Tatopoulos and Roaché\'s special operations team, covertly followed by Timmonds and her cameraman Victor "Animal" Palotti , make their way through underground subway tunnels to Madison Square Garden. There, they locate numerous eggs, having finally found the nest. As they attempt to destroy them by planting explosives, the eggs suddenly hatch. Sensing the human intruders as food, they begin attacking them. Dr. Tatopoulos, Rachel, Timmonds and Phillipee take refuge in the coliseum\'s broadcast booth and send a live news report to alert the military of what will happen if the lizards escape. A prompt response involving an airstrike is initiated as the four escape moments before the arena is bombed. Godzilla however, survived the torpedo attack earlier underwater and emerges from the venue\'s ruins. Discovering all of its offspring dead, it roars in anger and chases Dr. Tatopoulos, Roaché, Timmonds and Palotti through the streets of Manhattan. In pursuit of the quartet, Godzilla eventually makes its way to the Brooklyn Bridge. The creature helplessly becomes trapped in its steel suspension cables, making it an easy target. After being attacked by military aircraft, it falls to the ground and slowly dies. Meanwhile, amidst the Garden\'s ruins, a lone egg has survived the aerial bombardment and begins to hatch.'] ['The movie begins when a fisherman is killed by a mysterious monster. Two government agents later find the body on the beach. One of the agents, Ted, tries to get a sample of a radio-active rock in the sea, but the same monster attacks him. Ted is able to escape and return to the beach. On a later trip with the other agent, the monster nearly kills Ted, but the other agent is able to shoot it with a spear gun. Ted discovers that Dr. King, a marine biologist, created the monster and the radioactive rock. Ted tells Dr. King how the monster is killing innocent people and that it must be stopped. After Dr. King destroys his lab he goes to kill his creation using dynamite. Shortly before detonation, the monster grabs him. The dynamite explodes, destroying the rock and killing the monster and Dr. King. Ted arrives just in time to witness the explosion.'] ['It\'s been years since the events of the last movie. Baron Wolf von Frankenstein , son of Henry Frankenstein , relocates his wife Elsa  and young son Peter  to the family castle in the eponymous village. Wolf wants to redeem his father\'s reputation, but finds that such a feat will be harder than he thought after he encounters hostility from the villagers. Aside from his family, Wolf\'s only friend is the local policeman Inspector Krogh  who bears an artificial arm, his real arm having been "ripped out by the roots" in an encounter with the Monster as a child. While investigating his father\'s castle, Wolf ends up meeting Ygor , a demented blacksmith who has survived a hanging for graverobbing and has a deformed neck as a result. Wolf finds the Monster\'s comatose body in the crypt where his father was buried with the chalk writing on his stone casket stating "Henrich von Frankenstein: Maker of Monsters." He decides to revive it to prove his father was right and to restore honor to his family. Wolf starts out by using the torch to etch out the word "Monsters" on the casket and write "Men" in its place. When the Monster  is revived, it only answers Ygor\'s wishes and commits a series of murders at his command; the victims were all jurors at Ygor\'s trial. Wolf discovers this and confronts Ygor. Wolf ends up shooting Ygor, and apparently killing him. The Monster finds Ygor\'s body and abducts Peter as revenge. The Monster cannot bring himself to kill the child, however. When the abduction is discovered, Krogh and Wolf pursue the Monster to the nearby laboratory, where a struggle ensues, during which the Monster tears out Krogh\'s false arm. Wolf swings on a rope and knocks the Monster into a molten sulphur pit under the laboratory, saving his son. The film ends with the village turning out to cheer the Frankenstein family as they leave by train. We also see Krogh has a new false arm. Wolf leaves the keys to Frankenstein\'s Castle to the villagers.'] [' The film is presented as found footage from a personal video camera recovered by the United States Department of Defense. A disclaimer text states that the footage is of a case designated "Cloverfield" and was found in the area "formerly known as Central Park". The video consists chiefly of segments taped the night of Friday, May 22, 2009. The newer segments were taped over older video that is shown occasionally. The first video segment opens when Rob wakes up on the morning of Monday, April 27 having slept with Beth, a previously platonic friend. They make plans to go to Coney Island that day. The footage cuts to May 22, when Rob\'s brother Jason and his girlfriend Lily prepare a farewell party for Rob who will be moving to Japan. Their friend Hud uses the camera to film testimonials. After Beth leaves the party, an apparent earthquake strikes, and the city suffers a brief power outage. The local news reports that an oil tanker has capsized near Liberty Island. When the party-goers leave the building, they see the head of the Statue of Liberty crash into the street with several stunning scratch and bite marks. Hud records what appears to be a hand of a large creature several blocks away. The monster causes the Woolworth Building to collapse. Later, during the evacuation of the city, a gigantic tail destroys the Brooklyn Bridge, also killing Jason. News reports show the Army National Guard\'s 42nd Infantry Division attacking the monster and smaller "parasite" creatures falling off its body and attacking people.The creatures are called HSP or "Human Scale Parasites" in the Blu-ray special investigation mode. Rob listens to a phone message from Beth saying she is trapped in her apartment and unable to move. Going against the crowd, Rob, Hud, Lily, and Marlena  venture to Midtown Manhattan to rescue Beth. They are attacked by several of the "parasite" creatures; Marlena is bitten by one of them. They come across a command center and field hospital, where Marlena dies. One of the military leaders tells the group when the last evacuation helicopter will depart before the military executes its "Hammer Down Protocol", which will destroy Manhattan. The group rescues Beth, who was impaled on a piece of rebar. The four make their way to the evacuation site, where they encounter the monster once more over Grand Central Terminal. Lily is raced into one departing Marine Corps helicopter. Moments later, Rob, Beth and Hud are taken away in a second helicopter and witness a U.S. Air Force B-2 Spirit bomb the monster. The monster falls, then lunges at the helicopter, causing it to crash into Central Park.  The film skips to less than an hour later, with a voice on the crashed helicopter\'s radio warning that the Hammer Down protocol will begin in 15 minutes. The three friends regain consciousness and flee the helicopter. As they leave, the monster kills Hud. Rob and Beth grab the camera and take shelter under Greyshot Arch in Central Park as air raid sirens begin to blare and bombing starts. Rob and Beth take turns leaving their last testimonies of the day, which Rob mentions as Saturday, May 23. The bridge crumbles and debris covers the camera.According to the "military intelligence" in the special investigation mode of the Blu-ray version, this was the only thing that protected the camera during the Hammer Down protocol The film then cuts to the footage of Rob and Beth\'s Coney Island date on April 27. In the distance, unnoticed by Rob and Beth, a large object falls into the ocean.'] ["{{Plot}} On a remote island, a Primal Park security guard on break chases a piece of paper into a locked restricted area. Suddenly a sabre-tooth cat appears and tears him apart, killing him. Niles sends Alan off to perform an inspection, while he waits for his ex-brother in law Grant to arrive. Grant arrives with Autumn, teasing Niles about his failures. Niles takes them up to the hotel where other potential investors are waiting. In the security center, they get a code orange on Gate 4. Savannah and Sundip ignore it, but Alan insists on going to check it. Five students fly to the island  to complete a scavenger hunt as their initiation into the Phi Beta fraternity and sister sorority. Niles greets the five students and takes them up to the hotel to get checked in. Back in Section 3, Savannah greets him wearing nothing but her underwear and a pair of handcuffs which leads to the two having sexual intercourse. Alan arrives at the malfunctioning gate and discovers that it really is a code orange . He calls Sundip to tell him, then goes in further and finds the dead guard. Suddenly one of the sabretooths jumps out of the bushes and kills him. Sundip radios Savannah to let her know about the breach. Robbie and Kirk arrive at a shopping center complex to look for their items and break into the building. The girls follow them in. Savannah arrives at the lab area and learns that the cats have not returned to their pens for feeding. Niles does his presentation to the investors about Primal Park: a five-star resort, amusement park, and zoo. Afterwords, Niles goes around and individually meets the investors. Savannah recommends shutting down the park and Niles refuses. He orders her to get the cats back in their cages. Kirk and Robbie set off an alarm while trying to get into one room, forcing them to hide. The girls meet up with them, then Robbie and Alys go off to try to disable the alarms. Robbie and Alys hijack the computer system to turn off the cameras which also turns off the electrical fencing and opens the gates to the enclosures where the sabretooths are held. Sundip arrives at the Section 4, finds the remains of the dead guard and Alan and tries to call Savannah. The system shut down prevents the radios from getting signals. He decides to hunt for the male sabretooth and he fires at the corpse of a wild pig by accident, thinking it was the cat, the sabretooth then jumps from behind and kills Sundip with a bite to the neck. Back in the shopping center, the group splits up to find their objects. Savannah and Brian discover the power is out and that the cats have free run of the island. Brian meets up with Sachariah in the park area, where Sachariah lets him know he was able to get the cats back in their pens. While they are walking around, Sachariah warns Brian that three men have been in relationships with Savannah and have died in horrible ways. Robbie and Alys find the cotton candy machine bowl he needs for the scavenger hunt while searching outside the shopping center. Back inside, Savannah and Brian discover they can not get the system back up. Niles shows Grant a video showing the over view of the hotel, amusement park, and zoo then leads the investors off to the shopping area. Kirk gets into a souvenir shop where he finds the shell he needs. Collette and Alaina go into the same shop after he leaves and finds the ceremonial spear Alaina needs. They girls and Robbie meet up at the front of the building, but get split up again when they run from the approaching party goers. Brian goes to check the main switch board, almost running into Robbie and Alaina. The pair ends up in one of the labs where they find an incubator and sabretooth fetuses in jars. Alaina gets disgusted and leaves, going back out into the hall. the male sabretooth appears and despite Alaina's attempt to stay still, the sabretooth pounces onto her and rips her head off. Robbie hears her screaming and runs to help, arriving in time to have the cat throw her head at him and spray him with blood. Robbie runs back to the lab and hides in the incubator. Kirk runs into a drunk girl named Sharona, from the investor party. Sachariah tells Savannah that the cats are lose due to the power failure opening the doors. She plans to kill the cats, despite Sachariah's objections. Brian finds Alys and Collette, but they manage to get away from him. They run into Alaina's bloody trail and find her head. Brian catches up to them and learns there are two more kids to find. Grant plans to leave, but Autumn says she's feeling ill so Niles takes them to his office to rest. Back at his office, Niles reveals to Grant what the zoo will feature, a mated pair of nearly 800&nbsp;lbs sabretooth cats. Then Niles reveals that he won't let Grant have any investment in the park. Grant says he doesn't believe he really has the cats, then waits for Niles to leave so Autumn can crack the safe and steal Nile's research patents and data. Brian and the girls arrive at the lab and find Robbie. Savannah is finally able to reach Brian on the radio, but the transmissions are too garbled for them to understand each other. He tries to lead the students to safety, but they run into the female sabretooth who begins to growl at them. Brian hides the students in a nearby room, before he uses himself as bait to lure the female sabretooth into the lab, he secures the door and he then opens some flammable gas containers before exiting out the lab by another door, he throws a lighter into the room, resulting in an explosion that kills the sabretooth. Brian lets the students know there is another, larger male out there, and continues leading them through the compound. Kirk and Sharona go back to the store where he found the shell to make out. The male sabretooth appears and kills Sharona. Kirk gets away and runs off. Brian and the kids run into Sachariah, who lets them know that they actually bred three cats, not two. The third one, which Niles had kept secret, is a 1 ton animal that can only move around by dragging itself around on its front legs. He also explains that all three cats are bulimic, so they can't keep down much food and have to kill and eat constantly. Savannah goes back to the party again and tells Niles about the dead girl and that she thinks the cat is headed for area 15. Niles blows off the kid's death as something he can pay off and Savannah stalks off in anger. Back in the compound, Robbie lets Sachariah know that he's the one who put the virus into the system and says he can restore the system if they can get back to the control center. Meanwhile, Brian goes to talk to Niles and lets him know one cat is dead and asks where Savannah is. Niles orders him to find the cats and keep them safe, but Brian refuses and tells him its over. Kirk is killed by the male sabretooth, whose has climbed up onto the ceiling pipes. Brian hears him scream, but is too late. The cat throws the head down at him and Brian manages to shoot it before it runs off. Sachariah gets the kids to the security center, where they search for the back up disks while Sachariah watches at the door as the cat closes in on them. While Robbie restores the backup, Sachariah goes out into the hall. The lights come on just in time for the male cat to kill Sachariah. Savannah comes back to the investors party armed, and announces that everyone needs to go back to the hotel because some dangerous animals are lose. Grant and Autumn, lost in the park, walk past one of the cats. It knocks Grant's head off, but Autumn doesn't notice and keeps walking. Brian finds a blood trail from the male cat in the shopping complex and follows it. Savannah, coming in from the front entrance, finds the deformed cat. She starts to shoot it, but Niles jumps on her and starts to strangle her. Then he notices that the deformed cat is coming at them, and runs, barely making it out of a locked door. The huge cat bangs against the door, knocking loose a tooth from the model cat over the door which falls down and spears Niles through the head. Savannah shoots the deformed cat just as Brian arrives. He lets her know he shot the other cat and that it probably crawled off to die. They get the students and leave, while the male cat kills Autumn."] [' Endless warfare and environmental pollution has resulted in dangerous kaiju and the Earth Defense Force  is created to protect the planet. The organization is equipped with the best technology, weapons and soldiers, as well as mutants with special abilities. Godzilla is the EDF\'s only unstoppable opponent. The EDF\'s best combat vehicle, the Gotengo, corners Godzilla at the South Pole and buries him under the Antarctic ice, freezing him alive. Several years later, the EDF discovers a mummified space monster. Mutant soldier Shinichi Ozaki and United Nations biologist Dr. Miyuki Otonashi are sent to research it. Shortly thereafter, the two encounter the Shobijin, fairies of the guardian monster Mothra, who reveal that the monster is Gigan, an alien cyborg sent to destroy Earth 12,000 years earlier. They also warn that a battle between good and evil will happen soon. Monsters appear in major cities on Earth and the EDF attempts to drive them away. Despite defeating Ebirah, the EDF is unsuccessful in destroying the monsters. The monsters include Anguirus in Shanghai, Rodan in New York City, King Caesar in Okinawa, Kamacuras in Paris, Kumonga in Arizona, Zilla in Sydney and Ebirah near Tokyo. After destroying most of the cities, the monsters vanish and an enormous alien mothership appears over Tokyo. The Xiliens say that they are friendly and had eliminated the monsters. They also warn the Earth about an impending asteroid called Gorath that will impact soon. Because of their seemingly friendly nature, the UN is disbanded and the Space Nations, an alliance to unite the universe, is organized. Ozaki, Miyuki, the Gotengo{{\'}}s captain Douglas Gordon and several others distrust the aliens. Using research and undercover work, they discover that the Xiliens are actually the ones who unleashed the monsters, and they replaced several members of the EDF with android duplicates. They plan on subjugating humanity to harvest their mitochondria for food. The Xiliens are exposed on television. Opposed to the Xilien commander\'s decision to subtly take over Earth, the alien\'s subordinate, the Regulator, kills the commander and assumes control of Earth\'s mutants, except for Ozaki. The monsters are again released in Earth\'s major cities. Ozaki, Miyuki, Gordon, and others flee to their secret facility. On Mt. Fuji, a hunter and his grandson discover Minilla, Godzilla\'s son. They are successful in keeping a low profile and hiding from the Xiliens\' assault. Gordon proposes freeing Godzilla to allow the dinosaur to defeat the other monsters. Using the Gotengo, the EDF goes to Antarctica while being chased by Gigan. After Godzilla is released from his hibernation, he kills Gigan, and follows the Gotengo. The Gotengo returns for Tokyo, hoping Godzilla will unwittingly defeat the Xiliens. The Xiliens send the controlled monsters after Godzilla, but he defeats them in short battles. The Gotengo and Godzilla arrive at Tokyo, whereupon the Gotengo enters the mothership. During the battle Ozaki\'s friend Kazama destroys the Mothership\'s shield generator at the cost of his own life. Meanwhile, the asteroid strikes Godzilla. Monster X materializes and starts to battle Godzilla. Gigan, who has now been upgraded, aids Monster X, but Mothra arrives to engage him into battle. Inside the Xilien mothership, the humans confront the Xilien Regulator. Ozaki is revealed to be a "Keizer", an all powerful being capable of controlling Earth. Deciding to stay with the humans, Ozaki fights the Xilien Regulator, who is also a Keizer. After an extended battle, the humans are victorious and flee the Mothership\'s destruction. With Mothra who destroys Gigan, Godzilla continues his battle with Monster X, who mutates into Keizer Ghidorah. Keizer Ghidorah initially has an advantage over Godzilla using lightning to overpower him and drain Godzilla\'s power through its teeth. Ozaki aids Godzilla by transferring some of his Keizer powers over to the monster and Godzilla prevails over Ghidorah. He then turns to attack the Gotengo, but a now much larger Minilla stops him. Godzilla turns to leave with Minilla following. In the credits, Mothra returns to her island while Godzilla and Minilla swim back to their home island as Godzilla lets out one final roar.'] ["Dr. Bela Reinhardt  is a mad doctor who has invited five people to his castle to determine which of them shall inherit his estate.House of the Wolf Man Premiere Tix Now On Sale He has arranged for a competition of sorts. The winner will be chosen by process of... elimination. The visitors quickly realize they made a terrible mistake in accepting Reinhardt's invitation, but are trapped like rats in a cage under the watchful eye of Reinhardt's ghoulish manservant, Barlow. They soon discover the castle is full of terrifying monsters such as the Wolf man, the Frankenstein's Monster and DraculaExclusive Coverage: Fango attends the HOUSE OF THE WOLF MAN World Premiere!"] ["Henry Frankenstein , an ardent young scientist, and his devoted assistant Fritz , a hunchback, piece together a human body, the parts of which have been secretly collected from various sources. Frankenstein's consuming desire is to create human life through various electrical devices which he has perfected. Elizabeth Lavenza , his fiancée, is worried to distraction over his peculiar actions. She cannot understand why he secludes himself in an abandoned watch tower, which he has equipped as a laboratory, refusing to see anyone. She and her friend, Victor Moritz ([[John Boles , go to Dr. Waldman , his old medical professor, and ask Dr. Waldman's help in reclaiming the young scientist from his absorbing experiments. Waldman tells them that Frankenstein has been working on creating life. Elizabeth, intent on rescuing Frankenstein, arrives just as Henry is making his final tests. He tells them to watch, claiming to have discovered the ray that brought life into the world. They all watch Frankenstein and the hunchback as they raise the dead creature on an operating table, high into the room, toward an opening at the top of the laboratory. Then a terrific crash of thunder, the crackling of Frankenstein's electric machines, and the hand of Frankenstein's monster  begins to move. This causes Frankenstein to shout 'It's alive!' Through the incompetence of Fritz, a criminal brain was secured for Frankenstein's experiments instead of the desired normal one. The manufactured monster, despite its grotesque form, initially appears not to be a malevolent beast but a simple, innocent creation. Frankenstein welcomes it into his laboratory and asks his creation to sit, which it does. He then opens up the roof, causing the monster to reach out towards the sunlight. Fritz, however, enters with a flaming torch, which frightens the monster. Its fright is mistaken by Frankenstein and Dr. Waldman as an attempt to attack them, and so it is taken to the dungeon where it is chained. Thinking that it is not fit for society and will wreak havoc at any chance, they leave the monster locked up, where Fritz antagonizes it with a torch. As Henry and Dr. Waldman consider the fate of the monster, they hear a shriek from the dungeon. Frankenstein and Dr. Waldman rush in to find the monster has strangled Fritz. The monster makes a lunge at the two but they escape the dungeon, locking the monster inside. Realizing that the creature must be destroyed, Henry prepares an injection of a powerful drug and the two conspire to release the monster and inject it as it attacks. When the door is unlocked the creature emerges and lunges at Frankenstein as Dr. Waldman injects the drug into the creature's back. The monster knocks Dr. Waldman to the floor and has nearly killed Henry when the drug takes effect, and he falls to the floor unconscious. Henry leaves to prepare for his wedding while Dr. Waldman conducts an examination of the unconscious creature. As he is preparing to begin dissecting it, the creature awakens and strangles him. It escapes from the tower and wanders through the landscape. It then has a short encounter with a farmer's young daughter, Maria ([[Marilyn Harris , who asks him to play a game with her in which they playfully toss flowers into a lake and watch them float. The monster enjoys the game, but when they run out of flowers, tragedy occurs. Due to his defective brain, the monster thinks Maria  will float as well as the flowers, so he picks her up and throws her into the lake, and the girl drowns. Realizing he has made a terrible mistake, the monster walks away feeling troubled and remorseful. This drowning scene is one of the most controversial in the film, with a long history of censorship. With preparations for the wedding completed, Frankenstein is once again himself and serenely happy with Elizabeth. They are to marry as soon as Dr. Waldman arrives. Victor rushes in, saying that the Doctor has been found strangled in his operating room. Frankenstein suspects the monster. A chilling scream convinces him that the monster is in the house. When the searchers arrive, they find Elizabeth unconscious on the bed. The monster has escaped. He is intent only upon destroying Frankenstein. Meanwhile, Maria's father arrives, carrying the body of his daughter. He says she was murdered, and an enraged band of peasants search the surrounding country for the monster. They are split into three groups, Frankenstein leading one into the mountains. He becomes separated from the band and is discovered by the monster who, after the two stare each other down for a curious moment, attacks him. After a struggle, in which Frankenstein's torch fails to save him, the monster knocks Frankenstein unconscious and carries him off to the old mill. The peasants hear his cries and follow. Upon reaching the mill, they find the monster has climbed to the very top, dragging Frankenstein with him. In a burst of rage, he hurls the young scientist to the ground. His fall is broken by the vanes of the windmill, saving him from instant death. Some of the villagers hurry him to his home while the others remain to burn the mill and destroy the entrapped monster. Later, back at Castle Frankenstein, Frankenstein's father, Baron Frankenstein  celebrates the wedding of his recovered son with a toast to a future grandchild."] ['The film opens with a pro-wrestling bout in Atlantic City, New Jersey. Two masked wrestlers, one named "Boa" the other "Python", are grappling. Enjoying this spectacle is multi-millionaire casino owner Broddick  and his girlfriend Eve . Their night out is interrupted by a phone call. We cut to see the man making the call, Ramon. He informs Broddick that his "package" has arrived and is being delivered. Broddick is delighted and promises lucrative compensation to Ramon for his work. Ramon hangs up and we see he is part of a group that is transporting something large aboard an 18-wheeler. As they drive, something goes wrong; whatever it is that is sealed inside the back of the truck has woken up and has become enraged. The convoy stops. Ramon gets a tranquilizer gun and orders a panel to be opened. Unfortunately, a serpentine tail smashes through the panel and begins to wreak havoc. One of the men is startled and fires his gun, accidentally hitting the main control circuit on the back of the truck. The main door of the sealed container opens, and an abnormally large nightmarish reticulated python, about 80 feet in length, emerges and kills the group, but not before Ramon manages to detonate a bomb, destroying the convoy, but not the snake. On board his black and gold Boeing 747, multi-millionaire Broddick reveals his plan to bring extreme big-game hunting to the city, as yet another pastime for the mega-wealthy, and the python is to be the quarry. While in a sexual tryst with his girlfriend Eve, Broddick sees a news report detailing the destruction of Ramon\'s convoy. Now realizing the python has escaped, Broddick decides to bring his big-game hunting associates to their prey. Meanwhile, the python makes its home in a water treatment facility and starts to hunt and kill people for food. FBI Agent Sharpe  investigates the wrecked convoy and discovers a large snake scale on the wreckage. Quickly realizing what he is up against (Agent Sharpe is familiar with the events in the film [[Python , Sharpe is determined to prevent the python from killing more people. He enlists herpetologist Dr. Emmett  and marine biologist Monica Bonds  to come up with a plan to stop the python. They plan to merge Monica\'s dolphin-camera headgear and tracking system to Dr. Emmett\'s giant genetically enhanced Scarlet Boa, Betty. They hope Betty will seek out and kill the equally large python. The trio, now joined by a backup team of FBI agents and soldiers, transport Betty to the water treatment facility. She quickly enters and begins to track the python. Despite Monica\'s assurances, the tracking system proves faulty, providing only sporadic coverage. Betty also manages to kill several soldiers who advance too far into the facility. When the trio finally gets the tracking system back online, they are horrified to see Betty and the python mating. At this time, Broddick and his surviving hunters , enter the opposite end of the treatment facility and begin to track the reptile. They are surprised when they stumble upon a nest of eggs, guarded by Betty, whom they had not expected to see. Betty constricts Eve and squeezes the life out of her, causing Broddick to snap. Eventually, he makes his way out and, the rest of his team are killed by both Betty and the python, finally meets up with Dr. Emmett and Monica . After being punched by an enraged Emmett and being arrested by the FBI, he informs them of the nest of eggs, which Dr. Emmett claims "cannot be possible". The python decides to devour the eggs, enraging Betty, and the two snakes finally begin their epic battle. Broddick is taken into custody. The tracking system starts to function again and Dr. Emmett finally sees Betty\'s nest. He decides to go back into the treatment facility to save the nest. Monica goes with him. Broddick however, has sneaked away and has commandered an APC. Dr. Emmett and Monica, using the tracking system, track Betty to underneath a nightclub. Betty smashes through the floor, as does the giant Python. Broddick enters the club, wielding a flamethrower, and starts going insane. The two snakes grab him and, in a vicious and bloody tug-of-war, rip him in half, each devouring the other half. The two snakes continue their battle underneath the disco with Dr. Emmett and Monica hot on their trail. The battling snakes end up fighting on subway tracks. Betty, losing badly, is saved by Dr. Emmett, who activates an electrical spike device he implanted into her head. The shock throws her off the subway tracks just as a speeding bullet train slams into the python and beheads the beast. Dr. Emmett and Monica celebrate the death of the python, but become concerned when it is revealed Betty has crawled away. The duo head back into the treatment facility to bring Betty and her eggs home.'] ['Danish miners dig up a section of a giant reptile\'s tail from the frozen grounds in Lapland, where they are drilling. The section is flown to the Danish Aquarium in Copenhagen, where it is preserved in a cold room for scientific study. But due to careless mishandling, the room is left open and the section begins to thaw, only for scientists to find that it is starting to regenerate. Professor Martens, who is in charge of the Aquarium, dubs the reptilian species "Reptilicus"  and compares its regeneration abilities to that of other animals like earthworms and starfish. Once fully regenerated from the tail section, Reptilicus goes on an unstoppable rampage from the Danish countryside to the panic-stricken streets of Copenhagen , before finally being killed with poison by ingenious scientists and military officers. However, the monster\'s foot is not destroyed and sinks to the bottom of the sea. The movie is left open-ended, with the possibility that the foot could regenerate.'] ["The microscopic alien lifeform Hedorah feeds on Earth's pollution and grows into a poisonous, acid-secreting sea monster. After it attacks Dr. Yano and his young son Ken, scarring them both, Hedorah's toxic existence is revealed to the public. Ken has visions of Godzilla fighting the world's pollution, and insists Godzilla will come to mankind's aid against Hedorah. Hedorah evolves into an amphibian form, allowing it to move onto land to feed on additional sources of pollution. Hedorah is confronted by Godzilla and Hedorah only an amphibian at the time is easily overpowered by Godzilla and retreats into the sea but returns shortly thereafter in a flying saucer shape demonstrating new, even deadlier forms which it can switch between at will. Thousands of people die in Hedorah's raids and even Godzilla is overwhelmed by Hedorah's poisonous emissions. As hope sinks, a party is thrown on Mt. Fuji to celebrate one last day of life before mankind succumbs to Hedorah. Ken realizes that Godzilla and Hedorah have come to Mt. Fuji as well for a final confrontation. Dr. Yano has determined that drying out Hedorah's body may destroy the otherwise unkillable monster. The army swiftly constructs two gigantic electrodes for this purpose, but their power is cut off by Godzilla and Hedorah's violent battle. Godzilla energizes the electrodes with his atomic ray, dehydrating Hedorah's outer body. Hedorah sheds this outer body and takes flight to escape, but Godzilla propels himself through the air with his atomic ray to give chase. Godzilla drags Hedorah back to the electrodes and continues to dehydrate it until Hedorah dies. Godzilla tears apart Hedorah's dried-out body and dehydrates the remains until nothing remains but dust. With Ken calling after him, Godzilla returns to the sea, but not before glaring threateningly at the surviving humanity whose pollution spawned Hedorah. The question arises: Could it happen again?"] ['A heavenly paradise becomes a hellish nightmare when a toxic spill turns harmless ants into gigantic rampaging monster insects. The opening narration briefly introduces the viewer to the ant and it\'s behavior. It takes note how ants use pheromones to communicate, and how they cause an obligatory response that must be obeyed. "But human don\'t have to worry about that...." As the opening credits roll, barrels of radioactive waste are being dumped off a boat into the ocean. Eventually one of the barrels washes up on the shore and begins to leak a silvery goo attractive to local ants. Meanwhile, shady land developer Marilyn Fryser  takes a bunch of new clients to view some \'beach-front property\' on a nearby island. In reality the land is worthless, but the trip is cut short by the group stumbling upon the lair of gigantic ants. The ants destroy their boat and chases the others through the woods. Fleeing for their lives through the wilderness and losing many of their party along the way; the remaining survivors eventually discover the local island town. But their safety is short lived when they realize that not only are the giant ants feeding on the local sugar factory, but at the behest of the humans. The Queen ant, using pheromones has the entire town completely under control, and the giant ants are determined to exterminate humankind and build an evil empire. However, the survivors manage to escape and burn the sugar factory, killing the giant ants and leave the island by a speedboat.'] ['On a stormy night, Percy Bysshe Shelley  and Lord Byron  praise Mary Shelley  for her story of Frankenstein and his Monster. Reminding them that her intention was to impart a moral lesson, Mary says she has more of the story to tell. The scene shifts to the end of the 1931 Frankenstein. Villagers gathered around the burning windmill cheer the apparent death of the Monster . Their joy is tempered by the realization that Henry Frankenstein  is also apparently dead. Hans , father of the girl the creature drowned in the previous film, wants to see the Monster\'s bones. He falls into a flooded pit underneath the mill, where the Monster&nbsp;— having survived the fire&nbsp;— strangles him. Hauling himself from the pit, the Monster casts Hans\' wife ([[Mary Gordon  into it to her death. He next encounters Minnie ([[Una O\'Connor , who flees in terror. Henry\'s body is returned to his fiancée Elizabeth  at his ancestral castle home. Minnie arrives to sound the alarm about the Monster, but her warning goes unheeded. Elizabeth, seeing Henry move, realizes he is still alive. Nursed back to health by Elizabeth, Henry has renounced his creation, but still believes he may be destined to unlock the secret of life and immortality. A hysterical Elizabeth cries that she sees death coming, foreshadowing the arrival of Henry\'s former mentor, Doctor Septimus Pretorius . In his rooms, Pretorius shows Henry several homunculi he has created, including a miniature queen, king, archbishop, devil, ballerina, and mermaid. Pretorius wishes to work with Henry to create a mate for the Monster and offers a toast to their venture: "To a new world of gods and monsters!" Upon forcing Henry to help him, Pretorius will grow an artificial brain while Henry gathers the parts for the mate. The Monster saves a young shepherdess  from drowning. Her screams upon seeing him alert two hunters, who shoot and injure the creature. The hunters raise a mob that sets out in pursuit. Captured and trussed to a pole, the Monster is hauled to a dungeon and chained. Left alone, he breaks his chains and escapes. That night the Monster encounters a gypsy family and burns his hand in their campfire. Following the sound of a violin playing "Ave Maria", the Monster encounters an old blind hermit  who thanks God for sending him a friend. He teaches the monster words like "friend" and "good" and shares a meal with him. Two lost hunters stumble upon the cottage and recognize the Monster. He attacks them and accidentally burns down the cottage as the hunters lead the hermit away. Taking refuge from another angry mob in a crypt, the Monster spies Pretorius and his cronies Karl  and Ludwig  breaking open a grave. The henchmen depart as Pretorius stays to enjoy a light supper. The Monster approaches Pretorius, and learns that Pretorius plans to create a mate for him. Henry and Elizabeth, now married, are visited by Pretorius. He is ready for Henry to do his part in their "grand collaboration". Henry refuses and Pretorius calls in the Monster who demands Henry\'s help. Henry again refuses and Pretorius orders the Monster out, secretly signaling him to kidnap Elizabeth. Pretorius guarantees her safe return upon Henry\'s participation. Henry returns to his tower laboratory where in spite of himself he grows excited over his work. After being assured of Elizabeth\'s safety, Henry completes the Bride\'s body. A storm rages as final preparations are made to bring the Bride to life. Her bandage-wrapped body is raised through the roof. Lightning strikes a kite, sending electricity through the Bride. Henry and Pretorius lower her and realize their success. "She\'s alive! Alive!" Henry cries. They remove her bandages and help her to stand. "The bride of Frankenstein!" Doctor Pretorius declares. The excited Monster sees his mate  and reaches out to her, asking, "Friend?" The Bride, screaming rejects him. "She hate me! Like others" the Monster dejectedly says. As Elizabeth races to Henry\'s side, the Monster rampages through the laboratory. The Monster tells Henry and Elizabeth "Yes! Go! You live!" To Pretorius and the Bride, he says "You stay. We belong dead." While Henry and Elizabeth flee, the Monster sheds a tear and pulls a lever to trigger the destruction of the laboratory and tower.'] ["When a hot-air balloon crashes on a remote and uncharted island, the crew discovers Dr. Frankenstein's descendant carrying on the family work, along with a race of mutants and a population of Amazons..."] ['In 2031, Dr. Buchanan and his team work to develop the ultimate weapon, an energy beam that will completely remove whatever it is aimed at. Buchanan hopes he can create a weapon so powerful that it will end all war and have the added benefit of no impact on the environment. Unfortunately, the prototype has unpredictable side effects, creating erratic global weather patterns and rifts in space and time that have caused some people to vanish. As he drives home from the testing facility, Buchanan himself is caught in one such rift. Buchanan and his car reappear in Switzerland in 1817. In a village, he meets Victor Frankenstein. The men discuss science over dinner and it is revealed that Frankenstein\'s young brother has been killed. A trial is to determine the guilt or innocence of the boy\'s nanny, who is suspected in the murder. Several villagers claim to have seen a monster in the woods and suggest this is the killer. Buchanan observes the trial and becomes interested in a young woman taking notes. She turns out to be Mary Shelley, author of the Frankenstein novel. Shelley gives credence to the talk of monsters, but the judge does not. The nanny is found guilty and sentenced to die at the gallows. Buchanan knows the monster killed the child. He implores Frankenstein to come forward and reveal the truth, but Frankenstein refuses. Buchanan then asks Shelley for help, telling her that he is from the future. They are attracted to each other, but Mary, fearing to know too much about the future and her own destiny, chooses not to become involved. Buchanan is on his own. He drives his car to Frankenstein\'s workshop and finds the doctor in discussion with the monster. The monster has killed Frankenstein\'s fiance, saying that if a mate was not made for him then he would deprive Frankenstein of his. Frankenstein asks Buchanan to use his knowledge of electricity to assist in resurrecting the dead woman. Buchanan instructs the monster to run cables to a weather vane on the roof. While the monster is distracted, Buchanan re-routes some of the electrical cables to begin powering up the prototype laser in his car. As the lightning strikes the tower again and again, the battery on the laser begins to charge and the corpse on the table begins to move. At the same moment, the woman is restored to life and Buchanan\'s energy beam is fully charged; he fires. The castle is destroyed. But the laser opens another space-time rift, sending Buchanan, Frankenstein and the two monsters far into the future. They land on a snowy mountain with no sign of civilization. Frankenstein and the monster both try to entice the woman to them, only to have her force Frankenstein to shoot and kill her. Enraged, the monster kills Frankenstein and trudges off into the snowstorm. Buchanan follows, hoping to kill the monster before he reaches a city and kills again. Eventually the monster is cornered in a cave filled with computers and machines. When Buchanan enters, the machines chirp to life and a voice says "Welcome back, Dr. Buchanan." The monster tells Buchanan that the cave is the central brain for the nearby city, the last one remaining after the world has been devastated by Buchanan\'s ultimate weapon. Buchanan engages security devices and the monster is burned to death by lasers. Buchanan makes his way to the nearby city through the snow. As he walks, the monster\'s voice is heard saying that he cannot truly be killed, for now he is "unbound."'] ['In 1992, the United Nations establishes the United Nations Godzilla Countermeasures Center  to stop Godzilla. The remains of Mecha-King Ghidorah are salvaged from the ocean and used to create two anti-Godzilla machines. The first is a flying gunship called Garuda. The second and more powerful machine, modeled after Godzilla himself, is called Mechagodzilla. Two years later, on a mission to Adona Island in the Bering Sea, a Japanese team comes across what they assume is a large pteranodon egg. The egg gives off a strange telepathic signal that attracts Godzilla and Rodan, an adult pteranodon irradiated by the nuclear waste. Both monsters appear and fight for the egg. During their battle Godzilla critically wounds Rodan while the research team escapes with the egg. It\'s taken to a research center in Kyoto, where it imprints on a young female scientist. When a Baby Godzilla hatches from the egg, the research team concludes that the egg was left in the pteranodon nest with Rodan, just as European cuckoos leave their eggs in the nests of other birds. Godzilla appears in Japan, once again responding to the creature\'s psychic call. The JSDF mobilizes Mechagodzilla, which intercepts Godzilla as he is making his way to Kyoto. Before Mechagodzilla can kill Godzilla, it malfunctions, allowing Godzilla to regain his strength and temporarily defeat his mechanical double. Godzilla continues searching for Baby, but the scientists, having discovered the telepathic link between the monsters, shield it from Godzilla. Frustrated, Godzilla destroys most of Kyoto before returning to the ocean. Tests on the baby reveal that it has a second brain in his hips that controls the animal\'s movement. The UNGCC assumes that the same goes for Godzilla and decide to Baby to bait Godzilla into a fight with Mechagodzilla. The "G-Crusher" is installed in Mechagodzilla\'s wrists, allowing the robot to penetrate Godzilla\'s hide and paralyze the monster by destroying its second brain. The plan backfires, however, when Rodan, having survived his battle with Godzilla and further mutated by radiation, responds to Baby\'s call and intercepts the UNGCC transport. The UNGCC is forced to send Mechagodzilla and Garuda after Rodan instead and, in the ensuing battle, Rodan is mortally wounded. Godzilla shows up moments later and attacks Mechagodzilla. When the two appear to be evenly matched, Mechagodzilla combines with Garuda. The upgraded Mechagodzilla, called Super-Mechagodzilla, carries out the G-Crusher plan and succeeds in paralyzing Godzilla. Suddenly, the dying Rodan, once again revived by Baby\'s call, attempts to escape. Super-Mechagodzilla shoots him down and Rodan lands on top of Godzilla. Rodan\'s lifeforce regenerates Godzilla\'s second brain and supercharges him. Now more unstoppable than before, Godzilla attacks and destroys Super-Mechagodzilla with a high-powered red atomic ray. Godzilla finally locates Baby, who is at first afraid of the giant monster. Miki Saegusa, a young psychic woman with a link to Godzilla, telepathically communicates with Godzilla, convincing him to adopt Baby as his own.'] ["An experimental satellite-based weapon that fires miniature black holes, called the Dimension Tide, opens a wormhole through which a prehistoric dragonfly enters the present and deposits a single egg before exiting through the wormhole. A boy finds the egg and takes it with him when he moves to Tokyo. The egg starts oozing a strange liquid, so the boy throws the egg in the sewer. The egg, actually a mass of hundreds of eggs, splits up and starts growing when exposed to water, hatching into large dragonfly larva called Meganulon that come out of the sewer to feed. They flood a portion of the city and moult on the sides of buildings, becoming adult Meganula. Meanwhile, the atomic dinosaur Godzilla appears, in search of a source of nuclear energy, despite the edict shutting down all such attractants after his three previous appearances. While Godzilla is fighting the G-Graspers  who are assisted by rebellious scientist Hajime Kudo, the swarm of Meganula are attracted in turn to Godzilla's energy, and attack him. Most Meganula are killed, but a few drain some of Godzilla's energy and return to the sewer. With the last of their strength, the Meganula inject Godzilla's energy into a huge, sleeping larva that is in a giant, pulsating cocoon. It molts and appears from the water as Megaguirus, the queen of the Meganula. After destroying part of the city with shock waves generated by her beating wings, Megaguirus heads to the waterfront and faces Godzilla. Being territorial, Megaguirus considers the city to be her hunting ground. As they engage in a lengthy battle, she uses her speed to avoid Godzilla's attacks, but Godzilla eventually uses her speed against her. As she flies toward Godzilla, he lunges forward with his dorsal fins in her path. She flies into the fins, and one of her arms is severed. During the battle, a special ability of Megaguirus is revealed: Having been mutated by Godzilla's energy, she can generate a blast similar to his atomic breath. She fires a huge ball of radiation, knocking Godzilla down. He gets back up, and Megaguirus goes in for the kill. She speeds forward with the stinger on her long tail lowered, trying to stab Godzilla between the eyes. In a climactic moment, Godzilla catches the stinger in his mouth. He bites down, crushing the stinger. Megaguirus rears up in pain, and Godzilla takes the chance to finally blast her with his atomic breath. She bursts into flames and Godzilla blasts her a second time and destroys her. It is revealed that Godzilla was attracted to the energy of a secret nuclear project housed at the Science Institute, in violation of the ban, by Professor Yoshino Yoshizawa. The G-Graspers are now wanting to kill Godzilla , but with the Dimension Tide falling out of orbit they are unable to get a lock on Godzilla, until the vengeful Major Kiriko Tsujimori pilots a ship called Gryphon towards Godzilla, ejecting only at the last second. The Dimension Tide is able to lock on to the craft and fires just before burning up on reentry; Godzilla vanishes and everyone celebrates. In a postlude, however, Major Tsujimori again enlists Kudo to investigate suspicious seismic activity; then in an after-credits scene, Godzilla's roar is heard again as an earthquake strikes Tokyo."] ['When his gorgeous fiancée "goes to pieces" in a freak lawnmower accident, aspiring mad scientist Jeffrey Franken is determined to put her back together again. With the aid of an explosive superdrug, he sets about reassembling his girlfriend, selecting the choicest bits from a bevy of raunchy New York prostitutes. But his bizarre plan soon goes awry. His reanimated girlfriend no longer craves his body... she craves every body! And, for money, she\'ll love anyone... to death!http://www.hkflix.com/xq/asp/filmID.539743/qx/details.htm'] ['Police Detective Shindo  is assigned to guard Princess Selina Salno of Selgina  during the Princess\' visit to Japan, due to a suspected assassination plot. Although Shindo is smitten with Selina\'s photograph, her plane never makes it to Japan, as it is destroyed by a bomb en route. At exactly the same time a meteorite shower draws the attention of Professor Murai , who along with his team of scientists strikes out into the wilderness to examine the largest of the meteors, which has magnetic properties. To Shindo\'s surprise, the supposedly deceased Selina turns up in Japan, without her royal garb , claiming to be from the planet Mars, and preaching to skeptical crowds of forthcoming disaster. To their surprise however, her prophecies begin coming true. First she predicts Rodan, thought dead in the eruption of Mt. Aso, will emerge from Aso\'s crater. Subsequently, none other than Godzilla will arise from the sea and destroy a ship. Both of these events transpire. In the meantime, Selina\'s uncle , who was behind the assassination attempt, learns of her survival and sends his best assassin Malness  to Japan to dispatch the Princess and steal the golden bracelet. Malness and his henchmen are stopped by Shindo, who was warned of their attempt by the Shobijin , who were in Japan appearing on a television show. The Shobijin had been scheduled to return to Infant Island aboard the ship sunk by Godzilla, but opted not to go after overhearing Selina\'s prophecy. A further attempt by the assassins is thwarted when both Godzilla and Rodan attack the city and engage in battle, forcing everyone to flee. Convinced that Selina is insane, Shindo takes the Princess to see a renowned psychiatrist, Dr. Tsukamoto , in the hopes of curing her. However Tsukamoto can find nothing wrong with her, mentally or physically. He concludes she must therefore truly be possessed by a Martian as she claims. As if emboldened by the doctor\'s diagnosis, Selina reveals her final prophecy—that Mars\' once thriving civilization was destroyed by an evil, golden three-headed dragon named King Ghidorah, and furthermore that Ghidorah himself has already arrived on Earth. No sooner has she revealed this than Professor Murai and his colleagues at the meteor crash site receive a nasty surprise—the "meteor" is actually an egg, which hatches into the fearsome King Ghidorah. Ghidorah begins razing the countryside. To combat the combined threats of the three monsters, the Japanese government enlists the aide of the Shobijin to summon Mothra. Upon arriving on the Japanese mainland, Mothra attempts to persuade the quarreling Godzilla and Rodan to team up against the evil alien  but both refuse, with Godzilla stating they have no reason to save mankind as both he and Rodan "have always had trouble with men and men hate them" which Rodan agrees to. Despite Mothra stating that Earth belongs to them as well and that it is their duty to defend it, Godzilla and Rodan still refuse  and the pair refuse to forgive each other, wanting to continue their fight. Unable to convince them and despite being vastly overpowered, Mothra calls the pair of them "bullheaded" and resolves to fight Ghidorah by herself. Mothra engages Ghidorah and is continually blasted by his gravity beams. Luckily for Mothra, Godzilla and Rodan; impressed by her courage and selflessness; arrive to help and a titanic battle against Ghidorah begins. Meanwhile, Shindo and Dr. Tsukamoto are forced to protect Princess Selina as Malmess and his men converge on Tsukamoto\'s clinic; they fend the killers off and escape into the mountains as the dueling monsters draw closer, so they can watch the battle from a safe distance. The assassins attempt to follow, but a stray blast from Ghidorah buries their car in an avalanche. Only Malness remains uninjured enough to continue. He attempts to snipe the Princess from an elevated position, but only injures her. In her pain she regains her memory and is no longer possessed by the Martian. Before Malness can take another shot, another stray blast from Ghidorah buries the assassin under a second avalanche. With the heroes thus saved from the human menace, they gather at a safe distance to watch the battle between earth\'s monsters and Ghidorah. After not gaining a clear advantage over Ghidorah, the three monsters co-ordinate their attack; Godzilla grabs hold of Ghidorah\'s tails while Mothra  sprays the three headed dragon with her silk. Finally Godzilla throws the alien beast off the cliff and the battered dragon flies off, back into outer space. As Mothra and the Shobijin return to Infant Island while Godzilla and Rodan go their separate ways. Selina, having retained the memories of her time with Shindo, bids farewell to her guardian as she meets her bodyguards at the airport to return home.'] ['The revised story begins at a hastily established emergency hospital in an evidently devastated Tokyo, to which is brought American reporter Steve Martin , one of the wounded. In flashback, Martin tells of his stopover in Tokyo on a routine assignment to Cairo for United World News, where he finds himself confronted by the emergence of an inexplicable menace to navigation in the Sea of Japan. Something is causing ships to be destroyed without warning and sink with no time for escape. When a dying seaman finally washes up on an inhabited island, Martin flies there for the story with Tomo Iwanaga, a representative of the Japanese security forces , and learns of the island inhabitants\' belief in a monster god which lives beneath the sea, which they believe is causing the disasters . Martin phones his editor at United World News, George Lawrence  and is given permission to stay and cover the story. Martin\'s involvement in the unfolding events broadens when paleontologist Dr. Yamane , is consulted and, returning to the island with his daughter Emiko  and her young naval-officer boyfriend Ogata  to investigate, sees the monster when it attacks the island village. Returning to Tokyo with clear evidence of the monster\'s existence and power, Yamane becomes a leading consultant to Japan in mounting a defense, as it becomes apparent the monster is going to attack Tokyo. The Japanese navy is unable to faze the monster with depth charges. In the dark of night, the monster attacks Tokyo, and it proves invulnerable to conventional military weaponry no matter how concentrated. Martin is one of millions injured in the attack, and here the flashback ends: Godzilla  has returned to the sea, but it is certain this is only for the moment. Emiko reveals she may know a solution to the monster\'s apparent indestructibility. She loves the young naval officer, but had until recently been engaged to a young scientist Dr. Serizawa , who was also Steve Martin\'s friend in college. She has lost interest in him because he has become almost a recluse, to her and others. After her breaking up with him, he revealed to her the reason for his reclusiveness — over the course of his research, he had accidentally developed a formula capable of destroying all oxygen in water, in the process of which any animal coming in contact with the "oxygen destroyer" is stripped clean of all flesh and organs, reduced to a skeleton. His anguish over what to do with this discovery has become a constant preoccupation. She had agreed to keep her knowledge of this a secret. But with Godzilla loose, she realizes this may be the only thing capable of stopping the monster, and informs her boyfriend and father. The scientist is only reluctantly persuaded to use his remaining sample of the oxygen destroyer to try to kill Godzilla, provided he accompanies the young officer, in a diving suit, to the sea bottom to place and release the formula more or less at the monster\'s feet. After concluding this agreement, the scientist destroys all his notes and papers on the formula. Emiko, upon seeing this, breaks down in tears, as she realizes that Serizawa is sacrificing his life\'s work to stop Godzilla. Once on the bottom of the sea, he sends the young officer back up to the boat, releases the destroyer, and cuts his own oxygen hose and lifeline, to ensure no one else will ever know the chemical composition of his horrid formula. The young officer joins Dr. Yamane, Emiko and Steve Martin on the ship to watch as the oxygen destroyer does its work, reducing Godzilla to a skeleton. Afterwards, Martin\'s last words were, "The menace was gone, so was a great man. But the whole world could wake up and live again."'] ['The year is 1999, forty five years after the first Godzilla attack of 1954. When Lieutenant Akane Yashiro, a mazer technician, fails to kill Godzilla during her first combat engagement, she is made a scapegoat for the military\'s losses during the battle and consequently transferred to a desk job. During the battle, it is discovered that Godzilla is immune to mazer fire, rendering all of the Japanese military useless against it should it return. Scientists are forced to build a bio-mechanical robot from the original Godzilla\'s skeleton. Four years later, the cyborg, called Kiryu, is finished and inducted into the Japan Self-Defense Forces along with its human pilots as the Kiryu Squadron. Lieutenant Akane Yashiro is congratulated by her captain as the new "Kiryu" . However, memories of Akane\'s actions during the original engagement in 1999 still linger, and one of her squadron mates is openly hostile towards her, blaming her for the death of his brother in that same fight. A while later, Kiryu is shown to the world, and the complete system that controls the unit is explained. The Unit is controlled remotely from a control craft that resembles a very large jet fighter with VSTOL capabilities. The Unit can be remotely recharged from the ground using microwaves that are relayed through a power system on one of the command aircraft, and then beamed back down to the Kiryu unit. For the end of the presentation,the Absolute Zero cannon is shown. Then everyone is shocked when it is tested on a building. The building is surrounded by a block of ice. As Kiryu hits his tail on the ground, the building is obliterated. At the same time, Godzilla shows up once again, even though the JXSDF seemed to finally defeat him. Kiryu is released at the same place of Godzilla. In the midst of the first battle, Kiryu\'s soul is awoken by Godzilla\'s roar and brings with it the memories of his death years ago. This action makes Kiryu extremely angry and he proceeds to destroy the city around him. Horrified, the Kiryu Squadron can only watch in terror and alarm as the rampaging cyborg destroys more city property than Godzilla did. It takes 1 hour for Kiryu\'s energy source to run out. Kiryu is brought back to headquarters for further work. Meanwhile, Kiryu\'s main pilot, Lieutenant Akane Yashiro, tries to settle matters involving 2nd lieutenant Susumu Hayama, scientist Tokumitsu Yuhara and his distressed daughter, Sara; who sees Kiryu as a being with a right to life and that it should befriend Godzilla rather than battle him. Lt. Andre pops the seat out of his jet and flys out and plants a tracking bomb on Godzilla in the ocean. He also gets injured. Later, Godzilla attacks again. Afterwards, a nearby hospital is evacuated. A nurse quickly realizes a baby girl is still in it. Godzilla then creeps up on the hospital and charges for an atomic beam. Just then Kiryu is released from the air, and hits Godzilla with immense speed, saving the nurse and the baby. At this point, Godzilla and Kiryu face off in a head to head battle where each combatant sizes up its opposite and exchange powerful blows that also devastate the cityscape around them. During the course of the fight, Kiryu is disabled, and the remote piloting system completely taken offline. In an effort to continue the fight and press what advantage over Godzilla they still have, Lieutenant Akane orders the pilot to land his command craft so that she can make her way to Kiryu and take control from its internal backup cockpit. Now under direct human control, Kiryu rises from the ground one more time and closes with Godzilla in a final blow, hoping to use the absolute-zero cannon at point blank range. The Two titans collide, and the lieutenant uses the thrusters on Kiryu to propel it and Godzilla out to sea before the cannon fires, freezing a huge portion of the ocean around them. After the blast clears, Godzilla is shown with a huge gash in his chest, steadily walking away from the city and back into the sea. Kiryu is heavily damaged, missing its right arm, and the Absolute Zero cannon shown to be devastated. The closing image and post-end credits scene of the film shows Lieutenant Akane standing on the shoulder of the heavily damaged Kiryu, watching Godzilla slowly retreat out to sea with a respectful expression on her face. Following the credits, an additional scene reveals that Lieutenant Akane agrees to have dinner with scientist Tokumitsu Yuhara.'] ['Kiryu is undergoing repair modifications after its battle with Godzilla. Prime Minister Hayato Igarashi accepts Lead Scientist Yoshito Chujo\'s choice to replace the Absolute Zero Cannon with a powerful Tri-Maser. The Shobijin  warn the Japanese government that Godzilla continues returning to Japan because they used the original Godzilla\'s bones in Kiryu\'s design. If they return the bones to the bottom of the sea, Mothra would gladly take Kiryu\'s place in defending Japan, but if they do not, Mothra will declare war on humanity. Soon enough, Kamoebas, a giant sea turtle, is found washed ashore on a Japanese beach. It is determined by the wounds on Kamoebas\' neck that Godzilla killed it. Godzilla and Mothra fight, but Godzilla seems to have the upper hand. With the repairs finished just in time, Kiryu manages to even the odds, but Godzilla manages to knock out both monsters. Meanwhile, on Infant Island, two twin Mothra larvae hatch from Mothra\'s egg, and rush to help their mother. As Kiryu was being repaired, the larvae try to hold Godzilla off, but Mothra is killed by Godzilla\'s atomic breath while trying to save her children. Just in time, Yoshito and the humans repair Kiryu, who stabs Godzilla\'s chest with a drill, causing Godzilla to bleed. Godzilla roars in pain, and the larvae begin to bind him up in web. Just as Kiryu\'s pilot, Azusa Kisaragi, receives the order by Igarashi to destroy Godzilla before the Kiryu project is scrapped, Kiryu\'s soul is re-awakened through Godzilla\'s roar. The cyborg lifts Godzilla and secures themselves with cables. Kiryu then uses its boosters to carry itself and Godzilla to the bottom of the ocean. In the film\'s post-credits scene, in an undisclosed location, a laboratory is shown, filled with canisters that contain the DNA of numerous Toho kaiju. It is stated in the Japanese version via on off-screen voice giving announcements that a "bio-formation" experiment involving an "extinct subject" is about to take place, implying that the JXSDF plans to create another mecha or kaiju-based superweapon, which could mean that Godzilla or another monster could appear once again.'] ["Years later, Frankenstein, now going by the alias of Dr. Stein, has become a successful physician in Carlsbruck, catering to the wealthy while also attending to the poor in a paupers' hospital. Dr. Hans Kleve, a junior member of the medical council, recognises him and blackmails him into allowing him to become his apprentice. Together with Karl, the hunchback who facilitated Frankenstein's escape, Frankenstein and Kleve continue with the Baron's experiment: transplanting a living brain into a new body—one that isn't a crude, cobbled-together monster. The deformed Karl is more than willing to volunteer his brain, thereby gaining a new, healthy body—particularly after meeting the new assistant at the hospital, the lovely Margaret. The transplant succeeds, but when the excited Dr. Kleve tells Karl that he will be a medical sensation, Karl panics and convinces Margaret to free him. Kleve notes that the chimpanzee that Frankenstein transplanted with the brain of an orangutan ate its mate and worries about Karl, but his concerns are brushed off by Frankenstein. Karl flees from the hospital and hides in Dr. Stein's laboratory, where he burns his preserved hunchback body. He is attacked by the drunken janitor, who takes him for a burglar, but manages to strangle the man. Frankenstein and Kleve discover Karl is missing and begin searching for him. The next morning, Margaret finds Karl in her aunt's stable. While she goes to fetch Dr. Kleve, Karl experiences difficulties with his arm and leg. When Kleve and Margaret arrive, he is gone. At night, he ambushes and strangles a local girl. The next night, he rushes into an evening reception. Having redeveloped his deformities, he pleads Frankenstein for help, using his real name, before collapsing. Frankenstein, disregarding Kleve's pleas that he should leave, appears before the medical council, where he denies being the infamous Baron Frankenstein. The unsatisfied councillors exhume Frankenstein's grave only to discover the priest's body, concluding that the real Frankenstein is still alive. At the same time, frightened and angry patients at the hospital brutally attack Frankenstein and leave him for dead. Kleve rescues his dying mentor and rushes him to the laboratory, where he extracts Frankenstein's brain from his body just before the police arrive. Kleve shows them Frankenstein's dead body, claiming that he tried in vain to save his life. Alone again and uneasy about his skills, Kleve begins transplanting the brain into another body—one that Frankenstein had been preparing earlier and which was made to resemble him..."] ['In the late 1960s, a two-man spacecraft, crewed by a Japanese and American , approaches Jupiter\'s orbit to explore the newly discovered Planet X. The planet maintains a position directly behind Jupiter, leaving its surface in twilight, with just enough light to make it possible to navigate its surface. After landing and disembarking, one of the astronauts and the ship vanishes, leaving the other to wonder where they have gone. Suddenly, a flat voice comes over the communications link and instructs the lone astronaut down into subterranean corridors to the office of the Controller of Planet X, where he finds his shipmate. The spacecraft is safe, the controller assures them and indicates that their location is about to be attacked. The astronauts recognize the attacking monster is King Ghidorah, the three-headed space dragon. The astronauts lose contact with the Controller, but afterwards they are assured that Ghidorah, known to the Xians as Monster Zero, is gone. The Controller asks for Earth\'s help: they want to capture Godzilla and Rodan, known to the Xians as Monster Zero-One and Monster Zero-Two. In return, Planet X will gift humanity with a wonder drug that can cure all diseases. The astronauts agree to return home with the proposal. As they lift off, they say on the radio to the Controller, "We\'re glad we found friends on Planet X." Meanwhile, Fuji\'s sister\'s boyfriend, Tetsuo, has invented a personal alarm he thinks women could use if they\'re attacked. It creates an extremely loud noise that can be heard for a long distance. Tetsuo wonders, though, why no one is interested in buying it. Eventually, a Miss Namikawa makes an offer to buy the alarm as an educational device, though she keeps putting Tetsuo off on completing the deal. In truth, her boss wants the device and the plans destroyed. Fuji and Glenn tell their superiors about the offer from Planet X. Scientists begin searching for Godzilla and Rodan. The Controller of Planet X suddenly makes a appearance on Earth, and both Glenn, who is dating Miss Namikawa and Fuji both become suspicious of Planet X. The Controller apologizes for his unannounced presence and offers to help locate the two monsters. Two Planet X spacecraft rapidly deploy to capture the two monsters. Glenn, Fuji and Dr. Sakurai are invited to accompany the Controller back to Planet X, a trip that takes only a few hours; the Controller says that soon they\'ll be able to travel at the speed of light. When they reach Planet X, there is an immediate attack by Ghidorah, and the two monsters from Earth are released to battle him. Ghidorah is driven off and the Controller is extremely happy. He presents the astronauts with a box he says contains the formula for the miracle drug. He also gives the three men duplicate of their spaceship so they can fly home. Back home the box is taken to a special meeting and in it is found a reel-to-reel tape. It is loaded to play, but when the speakers remain silent for a long period, some wonder if the systems are compatible. Finally, after a beep a voice states, "I am the controller of Planet X. To the people of the Earth. I command that you obey the following orders..." It is an ultimatum to surrender to Planet X or be destroyed by all three monsters. The Xians soon arrive and destroy the gift spacecraft. They also threaten to release King Ghidorah, Godzilla and Rodan. Overly confident, the Xians show the world how they control the monsters through magnetic waves. The Earth scientists know they can exploit this information and work rapidly to find a way to disrupt the waves. Meanwhile, Earth\'s armies fight the three monsters with conventional weapons as they destroy much of Japan. Tetsuo, is unhappy his device is not being used, and he is unable to get Miss Namikawa to tell him what\'s happening. He decides to follow her, but is captured by Planet X soldiers. Glenn eventually discovers Miss Namikawa is from Planet X and all their women are virtually identical. Fearing what he knows, the Xians arrest him and put in the same cell as Tetsuo. However, this proves to be their undoing as he and Tetsuo begin to cooperate. Before she is disintegrated by a soldier, Namikawa gives Glenn a letter in which she told him the weakness of the people of Planet X: the sound from Tetsuo\'s alarm. Tetsuo, who still has the prototype, sets it off. It paralyzes the Planet X soldiers, enabling Glenn and Tetsuo to escape. They reach the space center scientists and explain about the alarm. Arrangements are made to broadcast it on all radio and television stations, but only when the magnetic disruption devices are deployed. The three monsters are no longer under Planet X control, as their spacecraft explode as their crews try to escape the debilitating alarm noise. The invaders withdraw from the Earth. Meanwhile, Godzilla and Rodan attacks Ghidorah, forcing all three to fall into the sea. Ghidorah emerges and retreats to outer space, but Godzilla and Rodan never resurface, leading the humans to wonder whether King Ghidorah defeated them. Glenn and Fuji are to be sent to Planet X again as ambassadors to seek peaceful relations.'] ['Jack Flynn is driving down a highway at night, looking at a bracelet he has bought his daughter for her birthday. Suddenly he hits something and his vehicle crashes. The next morning, his teenage daughter Carol, concerned her "bad-dog" father didn\'t come home last night, convinces her boyfriend Mike to go looking with her for him. They find his crashed truck and the bracelet, but not his body. Thinking he crawled into a nearby cave, they investigate. In the cave they fall onto the gigantic orb web of an enormous spider, a Mexican redleg tarantula, which emerges from behind some rocks to get them. They manage to escape and make it back to town. Carol and Mike have a hard time convincing the Sheriff about the giant spider, but with the help of their science teacher, Mr. Kingman, they go take a look and when they are at the cave again the missing man\'s body is discovered drained of fluid. The spider attacks again convincing the sheriff, who orders large amounts of DDT to kill the giant spider, and appears successful. The apparently lifeless body of the spider is taken back to town to the high school gym where Kingman wants to study it. A group of teenagers uses the gym to practice rock and roll numbers they are going to play for a school dance. As other teenagers enter the gym they begin dancing and the giant tarantula regains consciousness and the kids run out of the gym screaming while the janitor, stopping to call the sheriff, is killed. The spider breaks out of the gym and terrorizes the town, killing a number of people before it heads back to its cave. It also pays Mrs. Kingman and her baby an unwelcome visit at their home until her husband, in his car, bangs the creature at its leg and leads it from the house. The Sheriff along with Kingman decide to use dynamite to seal the spider in, but they discover Carol and Mike are in the cave looking for the bracelet her father had bought her, which she had lost the first time in the cave. The spider chases them out onto a narrow ledge. Kingman acquires a couple of large electrodes. They run cables outside to some power lines as the tarantula is descending on a strand of web to get at the trapped teenagers. Kingman throws Mike one of the electrodes, and then they turn on the juice and electrocute the spider. The arachnid falls, impaling itself on stalagmites at the bottom of the cave.'] ["The film begins with a high school senior, Josh, who is stunned to see that he unknowningly won an MTV contest to see Carmen Electra, and it was actually his sister, Jen, who won the contest and invites everyone they know in their school. Josh and his classmates arrive on an isolated island  where they have an enormous party, but Josh, who has been dumped by his girlfriend, is not really into the fun. Despite having his best friends Andy and Stack with him, he is angry that Jen, who wanted her brother to have an awesome time, scammed him. After catching a quick glimpse of a flying ant, Josh and Jen got backstage passes to see Carmen Electra. Josh then finds himself attracted to the singer. Later on, a concert featuring Carmen begins and Josh dances with joy. Suddenly, the flying ant Josh saw earlier appears before the crowd, sending everyone into a panic, and heads toward the stage. Eightball, Carmen's bodyguard, is grabbed by the insect followed by Carmen. Josh then watches as the flying ant takes Carmen to a faraway mountain  after dropping Eightball. The partygoers, terrified, attempt to call on their cell-phones but are cut off from the mainland, and despite the assured announcements by Bob Staton, they then start to leave on the boats. However, Josh, who thinks he can go and rescue Carmen, halts them and manages to convince them to join him but thanks to statements by Staton, they leave for real. Josh, Andy, Stack, and Jen then prepare for the journey, but before going, they are joined by Lil Mandy, who is determined to highlight her career, and her cameraman GT as well as Josh's ex-girlfriend Maddy and her new boyfriend, arrogant class president Chase. As the gang travel into the jungle, Stack climbs up a tree after settling down the arguing group and catches a glimpse of the mountain before falling down. Eightball appears, having fell on the tree after being dropped, and faithfully joins the group's search for Carmen. Before moving on, Maddy finds a mysterious necklace and wears it, which leads her to point out to the mountain. The group heads further down, encounters a gigantic praying mantis, and escapes with a canoe on a lake. On the other hand, Carmen awakens to find herself deep within the mountain and is held prisoner. The group camps out, and are attacked by a fish-like monster, which kills GT. The creature is then tranquilized by a mysterious man in a white suit. He introduces himself as Dr. Harryhausen, who leads them to an abandoned United States military base and tells them that he has been on the island for many years while he reveals that the island was once home to a tribe of prehistoric humans that disappeared and the military attempted to claim this land but to no avail. The doctor also says that the monsters that the gang has encountered have been transformed thanks to radioactive bombs dropped on the island, and warns them that the island, polluted and dumped with toxic waste, will soon sink to the bottom of the ocean. Josh and company take the doctor's advice and continue. They then see that Maddy is acting strangely heroic and determined, and shows them the way to the mountain. The team then hide from a pair of praying mantises, and flee from the female which killed its mate. Josh and the others cross a bridge, and Eightball sacrifices himself to save the others by using a bulldozer to knock down the mantis down the ledge and him along with it. Panicked, Chase yells about the dangers they may face and Maddy rejects him furiously. Upon reaching the mountain, Josh, Stack, Andy, Josh, and Jen arm themselves before heading up. Meanwhile, Chase abandons Lil Mandy, who is then eaten by a monstrous spider, and takes her camera footage. Josh and the remaining group reach the top, and Josh manages to kill an attacking soldier ant with his makeshift bow and arrow. They see Dr. Harryhausen who decides to join them, and go into the mountain. In there, they see the queen ant and her underlings order a group of ancient people, revealed to be the disappeared tribe, to bring food to a pile and discover Carmen, who is being worshipped. Maddy, revealed as an incarnation of the island's goddess, uses the necklace to break the tribe free from control of the ants, and they retaliate. Eventually, the gang manage to get out of the volcano with Carmen while Harryhausen remains behind and uses an explosive to destroy the attacking queen along with himself. Soon enough, the island begins to shake and Josh then grabs the necklace from Maddy, bringing her back to her senses. However, the boat waiting for Lil Mandy left, and just when hope seems to be lost, a helicopter carrying Nick Carter arrives and saves the group and a couple of ancient people. In the helicopter on the way home, Rudy, a creature left in the care of the group, comes along and Josh and Maddy renew their relationship. The film ends with Chase being left behind, and he is then pursued by the aforementioned fish monster."] ['Professor Scott Kimsy is an American geologist monitoring a local volcano when the Supergator,a Deinosuchus recreated from fossilized, preserved DNA escapes from a secret bio-engineering research center/laboratory.Along the way, it eats many people, including two lovers, three drunken teens, three models, two tourists and a fisherman.It also eats Alexandra Stevens and Ryan Houston Kinney joins forces with another scientist,Kim Taft,and a Texan alligator hunter.They pursue the monster as it heads down river intent on destroying a luxurious resort packed with hundreds of tourists. Conventional weapons have no effect on it at all and Kim is eaten, so they, with the help of Carla, plan a trap for it using a fake volcano. They lure him on to it, with the Texan alligator hunter as live bait.The Supergator gets him and is blown up with poisonous gas, strong flames and a shotgun.'] [' In the faraway Arctic Circle, an atomic bomb test is done, codenamed "Operation Bravo". But then, Professor Tom Nesbitt afraid what will happen later, and his fear comes true. The nuclear explosion awakened a 35-feet tall giant diapsid known as the "Rhedosaurus" who later escapes to the sea. Then, he attacks a ship, then surfacing ashore in Maine and destroyed a high lighthouse at night. Then, he surfaces in Manhattan, and wrecks buildings. The monster also breathes fire from his maw. The monster returns to the sea and resurfaces in River Thames, then wreaks havoc again. Missiles had no effect, and Carl Nesbitt, Professor Nesbitt\'s brother, was killed. Then, the beast escaped to the sea. Then, in New York, the monster attacked again. The monster are annoyed by military and destroyed them all, then swims away. The military detected him moving to Coney Island, so the S.W.A.T uses submarine. The Radar Man detects the monster and they attack. Dr. Thurgood Elson suggests that the monster should be killed by anti-radiation, so Corporal Jason Stone, the sharpshooter member of the army was hired by Colonel Jack Evans and Captain Phil Jackson. They set an isotope missile who will neutralize the beast\'s nuclear power. Fighter jets are sent and sped up to Coney Island, and they battled. Some were shot down by the beast\'s nuclear fire breath but Corporal Stone already get his isotope injector bullet, and he sets up. He aims the Beast\'s neck, and shoots the isotope bullet to the Beast, neutralizing the radiation in the monster\'s body! The Beast roared a terrible cry of pain and fell to the ground, as the amusement park of Coney Island burned from the result of the battle.'] ["After Yata  is lost at sea, his brother Ryota  steals a yacht with his two friends and a bank robber. The crew runs afoul of the giant shrimp Ebirah, and washes up on the shore of an island, where a terrorist organization manufactures heavy water for their purposes, as well as a chemical that keeps Ebirah at bay. The organization, known as the Red Bamboo, has enslaved natives from Infant Island to help them, but the natives hope to awaken Mothra to rescue them. In their efforts to avoid capture, Ryota and his friends, aided by a beautiful native girl, stumble across Godzilla sleeping within a cliffside cavern. The group devises a plan to defeat the Red Bamboo and escape from the island. In the process, they wake Godzilla using a lightning rod. Godzilla fights Ebirah, but the giant crustacean escapes. Godzilla is then attacked by a giant condor and a squadron of Red Bamboo fighter jets, but destroys them. The humans retrieve the missing Yata, free the enslaved natives and Godzilla begins to destroy the base. Godzilla smashes a tower that has a self destruct button that makes the island unstable. Godzilla fights Ebirah and defeats it, ripping off both Ebirah's claws and causing it to retreat into the sea. The natives summon Mothra to save everyone, however, Godzilla challenges Mothra when she gets to the island. Mothra manages to push Godzilla away and carry the people off. Godzilla escapes the island just before it explodes."] ["Mr. Tako, head of Pacific Pharmaceuticals, is frustrated with the television shows his company is sponsoring and wants something to boost his ratings. When a doctor tells Tako about a giant monster he discovered on the small Faro Island, Tako believes that it would be a brilliant idea to use the monster to gain publicity. Tako immediately sends two men, Sakurai and Kinsaburo, to find and bring back the monster from Faro. Meanwhile, the American submarine Seahawk gets caught in an iceberg. Unfortunately, this is the same iceberg that the mutant dinosaur Godzilla was trapped in by the Japanese Self-Defense Forces back in 1955, and the submarine is destroyed by the monster. As an American rescue helicopter circles the iceberg, Godzilla breaks out and heads towards a nearby Arctic military base, attacking it. The base itself is ineffective against Godzilla. He continues moving inland, razing the base to the ground, and sends the tank armory up in flames. Godzilla's appearance is all over the press, making Tako furious. On Faro Island, a giant octopus  attacks the native village. The mysterious Faro monster is then revealed to be the giant gorilla, King Kong and he arrives and defeats the octopus. King Kong then drinks some red berry juice, becomes intoxicated, and then falls asleep. Sakurai and Kinsaburo place Kong on a large raft and begin to transport him back to Japan. Back at Pacific Pharmaceuticals, Tako is finally glad because Kong is now all over the press instead of Godzilla. Mr. Tako arrives on the ship transporting Kong, but a JSDF ship stops them and orders them to return Kong to Faro Island. Godzilla had just come ashore in Japan and destroyed a train, and the JSDF doesn't want another monster entering Japan. Unfortunately, during all this, Kong wakes up from his drunken state and breaks free from the raft. Reaching the mainland, Kong meets up with Godzilla in a valley. Tako, Sakurai, and Kinsaburo have difficulty avoiding the JSDF to watch the fight. Eventually they find a spot. Kong throws some large rocks at Godzilla, but Godzilla shoots his atomic breath at Kong's chest, forcing the giant ape to retreat. The JSDF desperately tries everything to stop Godzilla from entering Tokyo. In a fielded area outside the city, they dig a large pit laden with explosives and lure Godzilla into it, but Godzilla is unharmed. They next string up a barrier of power lines around the city filled with a 1,000,000 volts of electricity . The electricity is too much for Godzilla, who then moves away from the city towards the Mt. Fuji area. Later at night, Kong approaches Tokyo. He tears through the power lines, feeding off the electricity which seems to make him stronger. Kong then attacks Tokyo and holds Fumiko, a woman from a train and Sakurai's sister, hostage. The JSDF explodes capsules full of the berry juice from Faro Island and knock out Kong, while Sakurai rescues Fumiko. The JSDF then decides to transport Kong via balloons to Godzilla, in hope that they will fight each other to their deaths. The next morning, King Kong is dumbo-dropped onto the summit of Mt. Fuji from the balloon air-lift, meets up with Godzilla, and the two begin to fight. Godzilla has the advantage at first, eventually knocking Kong down with a vicious drop kick, and battering the gorilla unconscious with powerful tail attacks to his forehead. When Godzilla tries to kill Kong with his atomic breath, an electrical storm arrives and revives Kong, giving him the power of an electric grasp. The two begin to fight again, with the revitalized Kong swinging Godzilla around by his tail, shoving a tree into Godzilla's mouth, and judo tossing him over his shoulder. The brawl between the two monsters continues all the way down to the coastline. Eventually the monsters tear through Atami Castle and Kong drags Godzilla into the Pacific Ocean. After an underwater battle, only King Kong emerges from the water and begins to slowly swim back home to Faro Island. As Kong swims home, onlookers aren't sure if Godzilla survived the underwater fight, but speculate that it was possible."] ['In the quiet mining town of Prosperity, Arizona, an accident involving a rabbit causes a barrel of toxic waste to land in a reservoir. An exotic spider farmer named Joshua  has been making regular visits to the site, where he collects crickets for his spiders. Although the spiders have ingested the toxins, he is oblivious since the arachnids seem unaffected. Joshua shows Mike , a local boy, his collection, which include Jumping spiders, Trapdoor spiders, Tarantulas, and Orb-weaver spiders, including a female named Consuela. After Mike leaves, Joshua is bitten by an escaped tarantula and accidentally knocks down the spider cages. He is killed by the spiders and, after devouring him, the spiders grow to even huger proportions. On his way home, Mike is accosted by his mother, Sheriff Sam Stroud  and Deputy Pete pulling the toxic barrel out of the pond. Wade, the Mayor of Prosperity, is holding a town meeting in the mall about whether they should sell the mines and relocate. Chris McCormick , whose father owned the mines before he died ten years ago, shows up and stands against Wade\'s proposition. Chris also sparks a romance with Sam. Meanwhile, Harlan Griffiths , an eccentric extraterrestrial enthusiast, is broadcasting his theory that various missing pets around town have been abducted by extraterrestrials. Inevitably his theory is dismissed as the product of a deranged imagination. Mike sneaks out on foot and finds Joshua and the spiders missing, the farm covered in webbing, and the dead body of Joshua. Although he sees an enormous spider shadow in the mines and tells Chris that the spiders have grown to enormous sizes, based on a giant spider leg he found at the mine entrance, Chris disbelieves his story. Meanwhile, the mines have reopened with the miners searching for a famous gold lode. One miner is eaten by a gigantic spider, whose clan have made the mines their home. Seeing as the entire town is connected in some way to the mines, spiders show up in many different places. Deputy Pete Williams  cat has a fight with one of the spiders in the air vents before being eaten and some of the ostriches on Wade\'s farm are devoured by Trap Door Spiders, Ashley breaks up with her boyfriend Bret, and he and his motorcyclist friends are chased by jumping spiders, with him being the only survivor, accidentally cutting off the telephone line and being stuck in the mine. Chris finds out that his Aunt Gladys and her dog are abducted by a male orb weaver in their basement. Sam is convinced Chris and Mike are delusional. However, her skepticism fades and she realizes that Chris and Mike were right all along when she witnesses a giant male orb-weaver attempting to abduct Ashley , her daughter and Chris; Sam saves them both. Meanwhile Bret, still wandering the mines, gets a good peek at the giant Consuela during her feeding. Sam contacts Pete and tells him to bring all guns in the police station\'s possession and they escape to Harlan\'s trailer, knowing he has a radio station that he operates from within his trailer. As Sam broadcasts the threat over the radio, a giant tarantula, the "tank" of the horde, assaults the trailer but they manage to escape. As the town is besieged by vicious spider hordes, many people are eaten, Chris tries to convince Harlan that the spiders are "from Earth" but ends up convincing him that they are "Spiders from Mars" to make him happy, Sam tells everybody to evacuate to the mall. Chris, Sam, Mike, Ashley, Harlan, Wade and many other townspeople all escape and barricade themselves in the mall  and defend themselves from the spiders. Meanwhile, Harlan and Chris climb onto the roof and ascend the radio mast and try to get a signal to call the army as they are being attacked by the spiders, but are believed to be pranksters. Harlan jumps from the roof, after the tarantula breaks open the gates and lets the spiders enter the mall, and lands in some bushes, where he meets up with Pete. The two run from spiders as Chris meets up with the remaining townsfolk and goes down to the basement. Meanwhile Bret, still wandering the mines, encounters the cowardly Wade before his abduction. While the townsfolk are in the basement, Bret arrives on a forklift that brings down the locked gate, and they all head to through the mines straight to the front entrance, discovering the methane-filled tunnels. After losing Norman and freeing Wade, Chris goes to look for his Aunt Gladys in the mines and finds her and the gold his father was searching for, but is confronted by the gigantic Consuela. He uses perfume to distract the spider and the escapes using Bret\'s motorcycle. Chris then blows up the spiders and the mines utilizing Gladys\'s smoking addiction and the high concentrations of methane gas. The police finally arrive. They had not believed the reports of the spiders but believed Harlarn\'s theory that the assailants were extraterrestrial in nature, until Pete tells them that the assailants were "just spiders, that had ingested extremely high levels of toxic waste." He tries to show this is true by showing his head, thinking  that his hair grew back, but unfortunately it did not. As the story ends, Harlan is heard making a radio report about the spiders. He concludes that the town has decided to cover up the whole incident, but have let Harlan continue broadcasting the incident, knowing nobody will believe him. He also mentions Chris reopening the gold mines and putting everyone back to work, but tells us "that is another story altogether." As the camera zooms in close on his mouth, it is clear that he now has three gold teeth.'] ['In 1887, Transylvanian Doctor Frankenstein  brings to life his Monster  with the aid of his assistant Igor ([[Kevin J. O\'Connor , and Count Dracula . Dracula kills Victor Frankenstein after revealing that he helped him only so he could use Frankenstein\'s monster to bring his undead children to life. Frankenstein\'s monster then escapes to a windmill, which is burned down by a pursuing mob. The mob flees as Dracula and his three brides, Verona , Aleera  and Marishka , mourn the loss of Victor and their chance to bring their children to life. One year later, the Knights of the Holy Order, stationed at the Vatican, dispatch Gabriel Van Helsing, who has amnesia, to kill Dracula. He is also tasked with preventing the last of the Valerious family from falling into purgatory; the family swore to kill Dracula nine generations ago and is unable to enter Heaven until they succeed. He is given a torn piece of paper with an insignia on it. He is joined by Carl , a friar who provides support and weapons. Arriving in Transylvania, the two meet Anna Valerious , who tells them her brother Velkan ([[Will Kemp  was recently killed by a werewolf. Van Helsing then saves her from Dracula\'s brides as they attack the village, ending with Van Helsing killing Marishka as the others escape. Anna then takes the pair back to her castle. Anna is determined to kill Dracula herself, but Van Helsing is unwilling for her to take the risk, knowing that she is the last of the Valerious family. When she resists, he gasses her to sleep and puts her in her bed. Later in the night, Anna awakens from her deep, dreamless sleep and encounters Velkan, now a werewolf himself. After Velkan flees, Van Helsing and Anna track him to Frankenstein\'s castle, only to find Dracula attempting to give life to his children using Velkan as a substitute for the Monster, but it fails after the undead children expire and explode. Anna frees Velkan but he becomes a werewolf again. Dracula confronts Van Helsing, who recognizes him from his past and realizes that Dracula is impervious to all conventional methods of killing vampires. While escaping, Van Helsing and Anna fall into a cave. There, they find Frankenstein\'s Monster alive. Though the Monster pleads to be killed so that Dracula cannot use him, Van Helsing decides to take him to Rome so he can be protected. They flee in a carriage, but while crossing the Carpathian Mountains, the brides and Velkan, who have been pursuing the group, attack. The carriage plummets down a precipice and Verona tries to save the Monster, but on opening the door reveals that it is a decoy carriage containing only stakes bundled against explosives, which kill her when the carriage hits the bottom. The genuine carriage is attacked and Van Helsing kills Velkan, but not before Van Helsing is bitten by him; when the next full moon occurs, Van Helsing will become a werewolf. Anna is then captured by Aleera and taken to Budapest. In Budapest, Van Helsing agrees to a trade and hides the Monster in a cemetery before he and Carl head off to save Anna, who is at a masked ball for vampires. At the ball, Dracula offers to release the souls of Anna\'s family in exchange for her becoming his next bride. Van Helsing and Carl manage to rescue her, but the Monster is captured and taken away on a boat. Escaping from Dracula\'s Summer Palace, Van Helsing, Anna, and Carl return to Frankenstein\'s castle, where they find all the equipment has been removed. At Anna\'s castle, Carl explains that Dracula was the son of Anna\'s ancestor. Dracula was murdered by "The Left Hand of God", but not before making a Faustian Bargain, which gave him new life as a vampire. Carl explains that although Anna\'s ancestor made the vow to kill Dracula, he could not kill his own son. Instead, he banished Dracula to an icy fortress from which he should not have been able to return, but the Devil gave him wings and the power of flight, which allowed him to escape. Van Helsing then finds a portal to Dracula\'s castle disguised as a wall map, completed using the paper that Van Helsing brought from Rome. They enter the portal, emerging on a cliff near Castle Dracula. As the trio sees the Monster being lifted to the laboratory, he tells them that Dracula has a werewolf cure. Carl realizes that only a werewolf can kill Dracula and that he uses werewolves to do his bidding, but needs a cure in case they have the willpower to turn against him. Making his way to the laboratory, Van Helsing frees the Monster—but not before Dracula\'s spawn are given life. He then confronts Dracula. Dracula reveals that Van Helsing is really The Archangel Gabriel, the Left Hand of God—as well as the one who originally murdered him. He offers to restore Van Helsing\'s memories, but Van Helsing refuses, deciding that "some things are better left forgotten". Van Helsing tells Dracula that his children will die if he is killed. Dracula challenges him to "go ahead," whereupon Van Helsing becomes a werewolf and enters a final battle with Dracula . Anna and Carl retrieve the cure but are attacked by Aleera and Igor. Igor falls to his death off a bridge, and Aleera gets impaled by Anna with a silver stake. They make their way to the laboratory just as Van Helsing bites into Dracula\'s throat, killing him and his offspring. Anna injects Van Helsing with the cure, only to be killed by him at the same time, much to his grief. Van Helsing and Carl hold a quiet ceremony for Anna and cremate her as the Monster departs on a raft into the ocean, having been allowed a chance at life. As Anna\'s body burns, Van Helsing sees her and her family in Heaven at peace, thanks to Dracula\'s death.'] ['Baron Victor Frankenstein is staying at a boarding house while a former fellow-scientist resides in a nearby insane asylum, slowly dying through lack of oxygen in the brain. After discovering that the landlady\'s fiance has been stealing narcotics in order to support an ailing mother, Frankenstein blackmails them to help to transfer the brain of his friend into another body, thus saving him. While he recovers, Frankenstein and the lovers relocate the Creature to a deserted manor house as the police begin to close in. The Creature awakens, and horrified by his appearance, escapes to his wife, who is too terrified to believe he is her husband. Wanting revenge, he pours paraffin around the house and allows his wife to go free. Meanwhile, Frankenstein notices the Creature has escaped. He then finds the Creature at its wife\'s house where the Creature sets it alight, stating: "...You must choose between the flames and the police, Frankenstein..."'] ['Eric Kirby and Ben Hildebrand, go parasailing off the restricted coast of Isla Sorna. The men piloting their boat goes missing, causing the boat to crash and the parasail to glide towards the island. Alan Grant and Ellie Sattler remained close since their incident at Isla Nublar but never married, with Sattler having married a lawyer named Mark Degler. After dinner, Grant tells Sattler that recent research indicates that Velociraptors were far more intelligent than previously perceived. At Grant\'s excavation site at Fort Peck Lake, Montana, Grant\'s graduate school assistant Billy Brennan reveals a replica of a Velociraptor\'s larynx created from scanning a raptor skull. Grant is approached by Paul and Amanda Kirby, owners of a corporation called Kirby Enterprises. They inform Grant that they wish to hire him to give them an aerial tour of Isla Sorna. He initially refuses, but is persuaded by their offer to fund his excavation. The plane carrying Grant, Billy, the Kirbys, Nash, Udesky and Cooper arrives at Isla Sorna. Grant objects when he learns the team intends to land on the island, but is knocked unconscious by the mercenary Cooper. Grant regains consciousness when he hears Amanda use a megaphone to call out to somebody in the jungle, which draws the attention of a Spinosaurus. The mercenaries usher the group onto the plane. The plane starts down the runway, but Cooper appears, drawing the Spinosaurus into the plane\'s path and devouring Cooper. The plane\'s propellor gets damaged on the Spinosaurus\'s sail and it crashes in a tree. The Spinosaurus attacks the plane, Nash slips and falls into the mouth of the Spinosaurus and is eaten alive. The plane falls from the tree and the Spinosaurus rolls it around. The group flees. They encounter a Tyrannosaurus, which chases them back to the Spinosaurus. The Tyrannosaurus and Spinosaurus fight until the Spinosaurus snaps the Tyrannosaurus neck, replacing it as king of the dinosaurs. The group flees the site. Grant learns that the Kirbys are actually a divorced couple and owners of a small business. They are in search of their son Eric, who was stranded on the island along with Amanda\'s friend Ben Hildebrand eight weeks earlier. The group heads towards the coast, hoping to be rescued. They discover a parasail with Ben\'s corpse and a video camera containing footage from their crash. The group comes across a derelict InGen laboratory. After exploring the compound, they are attacked by a Velociraptor, which calls to its pack for assistance. Outside, Paul, Amanda, and Billy lose Grant and Udesky. Udesky is trying to find the group only to be killed by a Velociraptor . Grant is surrounded by a Velociraptor pack but is rescued by Eric who uses tear gas on them. The group reunites after Eric hears the ringtone of his father\'s satellite phone, which emanated from within the Spinosaurus that had attacked them at the runway. Grant discovers that Billy stole two eggs from a Velociraptor nest, intending to use revenue from them to fund the excavation. Grant berates Billy as being no better than InGen. Grant decides to store the eggs in his bag instead, reasoning that they could bargain with the Velociraptors for the eggs, in exchange for their lives. The group sets out for a boat docked at a nearby river. They pass through a Pteranodon\'s cage. Billy rescues Eric from the pterasaurs, but is viciously attacked and presumed dead. The group escapes onto a boat and while navigating down the river, the phone is heard from within Spinosaurus\'s excrement and is recovered. While Grant is calling Ellie for assistance, the Spinosaurus attacks them again. As the boat is capsizing, Grant is only able to get out the words, "The river! Site B!". Paul and Grant manage to drive away the Spinosaurus, but are unsure if Ellie will be able to send help. The group is close to shore, when they are confronted by Velociraptors. Grant delivers the eggs and uses Billy\'s Velociraptor resonating chamber to communicate. On the beach, U.S. Marine helicopters and infantry arrive, scaring off the Velociraptors. The party boards the helicopter where they are reunited with Billy, who is still alive but seriously injured. As they depart, three Pteranodons fly off into the distance.'] ["In preparation for sending a manned rocket into space, American scientists Dr. Quent Brady and Dan Morgan are put in charge of a program that sends various animals and insects into space to test their survival rates. After one of their rockets carrying wasps malfunctions and goes off course, a computer calculates that the rocket is likely to land somewhere off the coast of Africa. Some time later, in a remote part of Africa, Dr. Lorentz and his daughter Lorna perform an autopsy on a native and determine that he died of paralysis of the nerve centers caused by an injection of a massive amount of venom. Arobi, Lorentz' African assistant, then informs him that a monster is believed to be terrorizing people and animals in an area known as Green Hell. Several months later, Brady reads a newspaper account of turmoil in Central Africa caused by gigantic monsters and surmises that the wasps in the missing rocket were exposed to huge amounts of cosmic radiation because an earlier, minimal overexposure had resulted in the birth of a spider crab twice the size of its mother. Brady and Morgan request a leave of absence from Washington and head for Africa to investigate. In Libreville, equatorial Africa, the territorial agent makes plans for them to travel to meet Dr. Lorentz. Once the safari is ready, Mahri, an Arab, leads Brady and Morgan on the four-hundred mile trek to Lorentz' hospital. The safari battles brush fires, fever, drought and storms, eventually reaching the Lorentz compound where Lorna informs them that her father has not returned from a journey to Green Hell. Later, Arobi arrives with the news that Lorentz has been killed by a monster living in the cauldron of a volcano and gives Brady a giant stinger he removed from the doctor's shoulder. After Brady analyzes the stinger, he confirms that it belongs to a giant, deadly wasp. Although Brady advises Lorna to stay at the hospital, she insists on accompanying him, Morgan, Mahri and Arobi to Green Hell. When the native bearers learn of the destination, they desert, and although Lorna is able to shame several local villagers into helping, they, too, run off when the group comes upon a deserted native village littered with dead bodies. After Brady expresses his concern that the insects may be multiplying rapidly and could eventually overrun all of Africa, he states that they must destroy the queen and her immediate colony. Brady then explains to Mahri that he has brought small, grenade-like bombs, filled with a special explosive, to use against the monsters. As they move closer to the base of the volcano, which shows signs of an imminent eruption, they hear a very loud, buzzing sound. When Brady looks down from a ridge above the volcano, he finds the queen and several gigantic wasps. The four men toss grenades into the bowl, but the explosions only serve to anger the wasps. Lorna and the men are pursued by one of the wasps, the size of a large building, but hide in a cave that it cannot enter. The group escapes through another entrance, and, just as they emerge, the volcano erupts, spewing massive lava flows that destroy all the wasps in the conflagration. Morgan then notes that nature has a way of destroying its mistakes."] ['From thousand years ago, the Aztec civilization had praised the male god known as "Quetzalcoatl". Then in 1984, a scientist named Dr. Shepard is studying the culture of Aztec. But in a mysterious ritual done in the eclipse, a screech was heard from the sky and Dr. Shepard screams. The screen then shows a bloodied Dr. Shepard, dead. Detective Harold Kipps investigated, and the natives tell that the killer was Quetzalcoatlus because Dr. Shepard was chosen as the sacrifice. Detective Harold didn\'t believe them, until he found a sighting of a winged reptilian flying in Philipines. The reptile has a long stretchy neck, and carried a dead deer in its feet. The monster also sighted by a sailor who is sailing towards the Atlantic Ocean, saying it\'s an enormous reptile, screeching as it flies across the boat. It is possibly 47 meters tall and 131 feet. The sailor, named Joel named the creature "Quetzalcoatl" like the Aztec called the creature. Jimmy Quinn, a young scientist also believed the creature\'s existence. Commisioner Nick McConell, a police officer also found dead killed in the Californian forests. One night in the same location, Mrs. Pauley, a woman is in her car until she is killed when her car is flipped and destroyed by a mysterious gigantic thing. Finally Lt. Murray Radcliffe, a lieutenant in the SWAT orders his army to investigate. But they end up dead, few survived. The surviving members claimed the murderer was the same giant reptile, meaning Quetzalcoatl was no myth! The creature finally shows up, in London. The Royal Air Force tries to fight the monster, but was destroyed quickly. Right after that, Quetzalcoatl disappeared between the clouds. The news quickly made, about the sightings of the creature. "Giant flying reptile on loose?" "Real Quetzalcoatl Comes" like that. But Quetzalcoatl reappears, this time in New York. The reptile wreaks havoc and eats the innocent civilians, but Jimmy had a plan. He knows Quetzalcoatl is weak of fire. So, Jimmy tells to Captain Fletcher from the military that they had to set grenades. They shoot the grenades using launchers to Quetzalcoatl, and it was successful. The reptile began to burn to death and fell with a terrible screech to the ground from the blue skies, and then was converted into ashes, dead. But, in the deep forests of California, the screech of Quetzalcoatl was heard, signing a new reign of terror!'] ["A Japanese fishing vessel is trying to find its way to shore in a horrible storm while near an uninhabited island, when a giant monster appears and attacks the boat. A few days later, reporter Goro Maki finds the vessel intact but deserted as he explores the vessel, he finds all the crew dead except for one young man called Hiroshi Okumura, who has been badly wounded. Suddenly a giant sea louse attacks but is eventually killed with some difficulty. In Tokyo, Okumura realizes by looking at pictures that the monster he saw was a new Godzilla. However the news of Godzilla's return is kept secret to avoid panic until Godzilla attacks a second time and destroys a Soviet submarine. However, the Russians believe the attack was orchestrated by the Americans, and a diplomatic crisis ensues which threatens to escalate into war. The Japanese intervene and finally announce that Godzilla was behind the attack. The Japanese arrange a meeting with the Russian and American ambassadors and, after some debate over the issue, Prime Minister Mitamura decides nuclear weapons will not be used on Godzilla even if he were to attack the Japanese mainland, an announcement that the Russians can't come to terms with. The Japanese Self-Defense Forces are put on alert and search for Godzilla. Soon, Godzilla appears on an island off the coast of Japan, determined to feed off a nuclear power plant there. When Godzilla attacks the facility and feeds off the reactor, he is distracted by a flock of birds, and leaves the facility almost as quickly as he arrived. Okumura and his friends realize that Godzilla reacts to the same signal as birds, and Professor Hayashida decides to use this method to lure Godzilla away from Tokyo. Meanwhile, the Russians have their own plans to counter the threat posed by Godzilla, and a Russian control ship disguised as a freighter in Tokyo Harbor prepares to launch a nuclear missile from one of their orbiting satellites should Godzilla attack. Godzilla is later sighted at Tokyo Bay, forcing mass evacuations out of the city and a state of emergency is declared. The JASDF attacks Godzilla with Mitsubishi F-1 fighter jets, but their missiles are useless against him. Godzilla then proceeds to the coast, where the waiting army, equipped with tanks, rocket launchers and soldiers armed with Howa Type 64 assault rifles, proceeds to fire on Godzilla, but they are quickly subdued. Meanwhile, one of the crewmembers aboard the damaged Russian vessel activates the missile , which is set for a countdown, before succumbing to his injuries. Godzilla then proceeds towards Tokyo's business district, wreaking havoc along the way. There, he is confronted by two laser-armed trucks, and then the Super X, a piloted VTOL craft constructed in secret to defend Tokyo in case of emergency, in particular a nuclear attack. Godzilla has an allergic reaction to the cadmium shells that are fired into his mouth by the Super X, and falls down unconscious. Unfortunately, the city is faced with a greater threat when the countdown ends and the Russian missile is launched from the satellite, leaving the Japanese government and people helpless to stop it. However, the Americans intervene and shoot down the missile with one of theirs before it can hit Tokyo. Unfortunately, the atmospheric nuclear blast creates an electrical storm, which revives Godzilla once more. Godzilla has a final battle with the Super X, eventually damaging the aircraft and forcing it to make an emergency landing where he destroys it by toppling a building on it. Godzilla continues his rampage, until Professor Hayashida is successful with his invention and uses the bird call device to distract him. Godzilla leaves Tokyo and swims across the Japanese sea to volcanic Mt. Mihara, where he notices the signal device which fascinates him. As he walks towards it, he falls into the mouth of a volcano where he is surrounded by detonators, which are detonated when Okumura pushes a red button, thus creating a controlled volcanic eruption that traps Godzilla. Everyone watches and takes one last look at Godzilla as the ground beneath him crumbles and he falls into the lava, trapping him for good."] ['What appears to be a large saucer shaped meteorite crashes into the Pacific Ocean near Mexico, following an unexplained break-in and assault by a deranged man at a secret U.S. research facility. The crashed \'meteorite\' soon reveals itself as an even greater menace than first believed, with grave implications for the survival of the human race. A gigantic "machine", Kronos attacks power plants in Mexico, draining them of their energy. In doing so, Kronos grows in size, becoming larger as it consumes more and more energy. Kronos is discovered to be an "accumulator" sent by an alien race that has exhausted its own natural resources. They have sent Kronos to drain the Earth\'s power and return it to their own dying planet. A scientist, under control of an unseen alien presence, suggests fighting Kronos by dropping an Atomic Bomb onto it, which is done. Kronos only absorbs the bomb\'s power and grows to titanic size. It threatens to drain the world\'s cities and starve the Earth of power, but scientists devise a plan to reverse Kronos\' polarity, which causes it to feed on itself. Kronos explodes and the Earth is saved.'] ['Bride-to-be Susan Murphy  is struck by a meteorite on the day of her wedding to weather reporter Derek Dietl . Instead of killing her, the meteorite exposes her to the substance quantonium, causing her to rapidly grow to over 50 feet tall. Alerted to the meteorite, first by an Arctic base and then the priest at Susan\'s wedding, the military arrives and captures Susan. She is given the code name "Ginormica" and sent to a top-secret secure facility headed by General W.R. Monger . There she meets her fellow monster inmates: B.O.B. , a brainless, indestructible gelatinous blob; Dr. Cockroach, PhD , a mad scientist with the head and abilities of a cockroach; the Missing Link , an amphibious fish-ape hybrid; and Insectosaurus, a massive grub that is even larger than Susan. An alien named Gallaxhar  detects quantonium radiation on Earth and deploys a gigantic robot probe to find it. After the robot lands the President of the United States  attempts to make first contact with it by playing Axel F on a keyboard, but the attempt fails and the impervious robot begins destroying everything in sight. General Monger convinces the President to use his monsters to fight the robot instead. The monsters accept the mission when they are promised their freedom if they succeed. Arriving in San Francisco, Susan is chased by the robot over the Golden Gate Bridge, where the monsters defeat it. Now free, Susan returns home and introduces her family to the monsters. They are quickly rejected, though, after innocently causing a neighborhood panic. Derek breaks up with Susan, claiming that he cannot be married to a freak since she would overshadow his career. At first devastated, Susan realizes that becoming a monster is an improvement on her life, and fully embraces her new role. Suddenly, she is abducted by Gallaxhar, who appears to kill Insectosaurus in the process. On Gallaxhar\'s spaceship, Susan escapes and chases Gallaxhar down, only to be lured into a machine that extracts the quantonium from her body, allowing her to shrink back down to her normal size. Gallaxhar then uses the extracted quantonium to power a machine that creates an army of his clones to invade the Earth. With General Monger\'s help, B.O.B., Dr. Cockroach, and the Missing Link infiltrate Gallaxhar\'s spaceship, rescue Susan, and hot-wire the spaceship\'s power core, activating the self-destruct sequence. During their escape, Susan is cut off from her friends who are trapped in the power core. They tell her to save herself, but Susan instead finds Gallaxhar, who is trying to escape with the quantonium. She tries to force him into releasing her friends, but when he admits he cannot reverse the sequence, Susan instead takes the quantonium, restoring herself to giant size and saving her friends. The monsters leap out of the exploding spaceship and are rescued by General Monger on the back of the transformed Insectosaurus, who has metamorphosed into a butterfly. The monsters receive a hero\'s welcome home. Derek tries to get back with Susan since it would benefit his career, but Susan rejects him by tossing him into the air like a doll. He is caught, swallowed and spit out by B.O.B. on camera. The monsters are then alerted to a giant snail named Escargantua attacking Paris and they fly off to face the new menace.'] ['In the Florida Everglades, a pair of larger-than-human, intelligent leeches are living in an underwater cave. They begin dragging local people down to their cave where they hold them prisoner and slowly drain them of blood. One of the first people to be so taken is the local vixen, Liz Walker, played by Yvette Vickers. After a couple of gratuitous displays of flesh , and some running around on her husband , Liz finds herself a prisoner of the leeches along with her current paramour. Game warden Steve Benton ([[Ken Clark  sets out to investigate their disappearance. Aided by his girlfriend Nan Grayson  and her father, Doc Grayson, he discovers the cavern. The monsters are finally destroyed when Steve, Doc, and some state troopers blow up the cavern with dynamite.'] ["{{expand section}} Baron Boris von Frankenstein  decides to retire, leaving the monster business to his nerdy nephew, Felix Flankin . Frankenstein plans to announce his decision at a convention of monsters that includes his creature and the creature's more intelligent mate , Frankenstein's seductive laboratory assistant Francesca , Count Dracula, the Werewolf, the Creature from the Black Lagoon, The Invisible Man, Quasimodo, Dr. Jekyll & Mr. Hyde, the Mummy, It , and many more. However when Felix proves to be an incompetent  human, the monsters plot to eliminate him and gain control of Frankenstein's latest discovery: the secret of total destruction!"] ["Dr Frankenstein’s grandchildren Maria and Rudolph have moved to the American West, in order to use the prairie lightning storms in their experiments on unwilling victims. After a number of failures, Rudolph is finding it increasingly difficult to hide the trail of bodies. Down the road, Mañuel Lopez, his wife Nina, and their daughter Estelita decide to leave town because of the frequent disappearances. Two gunslingers come to town, Hank Tracy, a dimwitted lug, and Jesse James, the infamous outlaw. Meeting up with the head of a local gang, they join up with the intention of stealing $100,000 from the next stagecoach. However, a gang member named Lonny decides to go to the sheriff and lets them know about the plot in exchange for becoming his deputy. So as the robbery begins, the sheriff and his men shoot the two remaining members of his gang and seriously wound Hank. Jesse and Hank escape and stop at the Lopez's campout to tend to Hank's wound and sleep until the morning. During the middle of the night, Estelita wakes up Jesse and Hank and leads them back to town to the Frankensteins' house to fix up Hank. Maria agrees to help, but her plan is to use Hank as another one of her experiments. After sending Jesse to the town pharmacist with a note, she begins operating on Hank, giving him a new brain and bringing him back to life. Rudolph tries to poison Hank, now called Igor, and Maria orders Igor to strangle Rudolph. Jesse gives the pharmacist the note, which actually reveals his identity and tells the pharmacist to call the sheriff. Jesse manages to escape, killing deputy Lonny in the process. When he returns to the Frankensteins' house, Igor incapacitates him and ties him up. Realizing Jesse is in trouble, Estelita sends the sheriff to the house, where he finds Jesse and prepares to take him for the reward. But Maria sends Igor to crush the sheriff. During the scuffle, Estelita frees Jesse and tries to escape. Maria orders Igor to go kill Estelita, but Igor strangles Maria instead and goes after Jesse. Estelita gets Jesse's gun and kills Igor. The next morning, as Jesse buries Hank, Estelita pleads with him to stay and live with her, but Jesse, knowing that he's a fugitive, rides off with the sheriff, who wasn't killed by Igor."] ["Medical examiner Sam Rivers and biologist Mary Callahan travel into the bayou to investigate the mysterious death of a fisherman. Having grown up in the area, Sam is comfortable in his surroundings while Mary is not. They find Elmer noodling for catfish in the swamp canals. With Elmer, Sam and Mary travel up river to the fishing community. They meet Gloria, the wife of the deceased fisherman. Gloria's daughter Eliza and her semi-boyfriend Dan also live in the house. Gloria explains that a boat washed up river a few months ago and strange things have happened since. Sam and Mary find the boat along the bank of a canal. They explore the interior while Elmer waits in the canoe outside. They discover the remains of the crew in the hold. Upset, Mary clumsily knocks Elmer from the canoe and something drags him down. Sam and Mary flee in the canoe, unaware that they have triggered a homing signal on the ship. On the mainland a team relays the information to their employer a wealthy bounty hunter. One of the villagers heard noises while on his porch. He leans over the edge and a frankenfish leaps up and decapitates him. His girlfriend attempts to escape the houseboat on a canoe but the fish flips her out and devours her. Frightened, the group tries to flee in boats but the fish destroys them. On a neighboring stilt house, Ricardo baits a large hook using an entire catfish and manages to land one of the frankenfish. Nearly as big as a full-grown man, the fish can breathe air and hops forward biting at Ricardo's legs. Ricardo manages to kill it with a shotgun blast to the head. In vengeance he tears out its heart and barbecues it. As he takes his first bite a second frankenfish leaps from the water and devours him. While everyone panics, Mary declares she has an idea on how to get off the boathouse. Before she can explain a shotgun, left in the still-burning fire from the barbecue, shoots her. The same fire propels a propane tank into the boathouse causing an explosion that sends Eliza into the water. Sam dives in and rescues her at the same time a frankenfish leaps from the water and bites off Gloria's legs. The fish have begun attacking the boathouses, punching holes in them to make them sink. The bounty hunter and his crew arrive and the fish attack them too. Knocked out of the boat, they swim quickly to the safety of the sinking stilt houses. The hunter explains that the fish are genetically engineered snakeheads. Sam, Eliza and Dan have no choice but to join the hunter in pursuing the fish. The crew follows a trail of blood back to the fish's den. The hunter forces Sam at gunpoint to enter first. Sam flees the den as behind him a frankenfish kills two hunters. Dan, Sam and Eliza quickly leave on the fan boat, chased by the frankenfish. Dan falls from the boat during the chase but scrambles up a mudbank. Realizing they cannot outrace the monster, Sam drives the fanboat up a stand of tree stumps and knocks off the protective lining of the fan. Unable to slow its momentum, the frankenfish launches into the whirling blades to its death. Sam and Eliza kiss and go back the way they came to get Dan. However, Dan is trapped in the mud as dozens of baby frankenfish attack him."] ['In this final film in the series, Baron Victor Frankenstein  is housed at an insane asylum. He has been made a surgeon at the asylum, and has a number of privileges, as he holds secret information on the asylum\'s corrupt director ([[John Stratton . The Baron, under the alias of Dr. Carl Victor, uses his position to continue his experiments in the creation of man. When Simon Helder , a young doctor and fan of the Baron\'s work, arrives as an inmate, the Baron takes him under his wing as an apprentice. Together they work on a new creature. Unbeknownst to Simon, however, Frankenstein is acquiring body parts by murdering his patients. The Baron\'s new experiment is the hulking, ape-like Herr Schneider , a homicidal inmate whom he has kept alive after a violent suicide attempt and on whom he has grafted the hands of a recently deceased sculptor . Since Frankenstein\'s hands were badly burned in the name of science , the shabby stitch-work was done by Sarah , a beautiful mute girl who assists the surgeon, and who is nicknamed "Angel". Simon tells the Baron that he is a surgeon, and the problem is solved. Soon new eyes and a new brain are given to the creature in horror gore fashion. When the creature - lumbering, hirsute and dumb - is complete, it is bitter and intent on revenge. It ultimately runs amuck in the insane asylum, until it is eventually overpowered and destroyed by a mob of inmates. Simon is devastated by the loss of life and reports to Frankenstein; however, the Baron feels that it was the best that could happen to such a creature, and is already considering a new experiment with other involuntary donors.'] ['The city of Athens is at war with a terrifying gigantic moussaka accidentally produced when an ordinary serving is hit by a ray from an alien space ship.'] ['Off the coast of Japan, the environment has been ravaged with poisonous starfish-like creatures called Barem. Meanwhile, the Elias sisters, Moll and Lora, survey the destruction and enlist the help of three children, who had just discovered and befriended a strange little creature dubbed "Gorgo," to help find the mysterious treasure of Ninai Kanai, an ancient lost civilization, to save the Earth from the declining environment. The Elias tells the children that the people of Ninai Kanai created a monster called Dagahra as a method of pollution management gone awry and only Mothra Leo can stop it. However, he will need the help of the lost castle of Ninai Kanai itself and the mysterious treasure within. Belvera, the evil Elias sister, manipulates two fishermen and wants the treasure of her own. They all journey to the lost castle, hidden beneath the ocean waters and it magically rises out of the water after the travelers discover it. Dagahra, awakened after a sudden increase in pollution levels, releases a bunch of Barems into the sea, killing many types of sea life. Moll and Lora calls Mothra Leo, who nearly succeeded in defeating Dagahra, until the sea monster took the battle underwater where it was in its element. Dagahra incapacitated Leo by covering him with Barem. Leo landed on the newly raised Ninai Kanai temple, but before Dagahra could give the killing blow, the structure activated and defended Leo. However, with Leo covered in Barem and powerless, Dagahra goes on a destructive rampage. Inside the temple, Moll and Lora and the three kids attempt to find the treasure, while Belvera and the two controlled fishermen try to thwart their mission. After stealing some jewels they\'ve found, the fishermen inadvertently unlock a gateway and awaken the Princess of Ninai Kanai. The Princess tells the Elias sisters that Earth must be protected and saved, and the children are the hope of the future generations. She reveals that Gorgo is the lost treasure. Moll and Lora uses Gorgo\'s energy to revive Mothra Leo and turning it into Rainbow Mothra. It then was able to destroy the Barem covering his body. After taking a severe beating, Dagahra once again retreated into the water, where Rainbow Mothra turned into AquaMothra. This time Rainbow Mothra\'s new form allowed him to overpower the sea monster. He finally finishes Dagahra by splitting into thousands of miniature AquaMothras. It enters Dagahra\'s body and destroys the Barem producing there. Without the Barem, Dagahra self destructs. Meanwhile, the temple begins to collapse. With the building crumbling over them, Moll and Lora ride onto Fairy to safety, while Belvera unleashes control of the fishermen, who helps the children escape. The Princess raises Dagahra\'s body and drops it onto the temple, reducing everything into a wave of water. AquaMothra returned to his single form, then turns back into Rainbow Mothra. He had saved humanity once again.'] ["Triffids are plants. They are able to uproot themselves and walk, possess a deadly whipping poisonous sting, and may even have the ability to communicate with each other. On screen they vaguely resemble gigantic asparagus shoots topped with a flower-like 'head' which houses a whip-like, venomous stinger, and that resembles a Vanda Miss Joaquim orchid. Bill Masen , a merchant navy officer, is lying in a hospital bed with his eyes bandaged. He discovers that while he has been waiting for his accident damaged eyes to heal, an unusual meteor shower has blinded most people on Earth. Once he leaves hospital Masen finds people all over London, struggling to stay alive in the face of their new affliction. Some survive by cooperating, while others simply fight, but it is apparent that after just a few days society is collapsing. He rescues a school girl, Susan , from a crashed train. They leave London and head for France. They find refuge at a chateau, but when it is attacked by sighted prisoners they are again forced to escape. The Triffid population continues to grow, feeding on people and animals. Meanwhile on a coastal island, Tom Goodwin , a flawed but gifted scientist, and his wife Karen , battle the plants as he searches for a way to beat them."] [' A woman  is in an abandoned house looking for her boyfriend. After she discovers his body, she is stabbed in the head, and her body is dragged through a cellar door. In New York City, Bob  and his parents, Norman and Lucy Boyle , are moving. Norman\'s ex-colleague, Dr. Peterson, who murdered his mistress before committing suicide, was the previous owner. The Boyles are to stay there, whilst Norman researches old houses. As his mother packs, Bob looks at a photograph of a house and sees a girl in it who warns him to stay away. In New Whitby, Boston, Bob waits in his parents\' car while they collect keys. The girl from the photograph appears across the street. The girl, Mae , psychically warns Bob to stay away. In the real estate office, Mrs. Gittelson  is annoyed when her colleague hands the couple "the Freudstein" keys. She insists it is called "Oak Mansion". Gittelson promises to find a babysitter. Oak Mansion is in a poor state of repair. The cellar door is locked and nailed shut. A woman arrives and introduces herself as Anne, the babysitter . That night, Norman hears noises and finds Anne unblocking the cellar door. The next day, Norman goes to the library to peruse Peterson\'s materials. The assistant librarian, Daniel Douglas , informs Norman that Peterson conducted private research at the house. He studied records of area disappearances and other demographic data. Mae shows Bob a tombstone on the grounds marked "Mary Freudstein" and says she is not really dead. Indoors, Lucy finds the tombstone of "Jacob Tess Freudstein". When Norman returns, he reassures her that some old houses have indoor tombs, because of the hard wintry ground. Norman opens the cellar door and walks down the stairs only be attacked by a bat, which he stabs. Spooked, the family drives down to the estate office and demands to be re-housed, but are told it will be few more days before they can move. While the Boyles are at hospital to treat Norman\'s injuries from the bat, Gittelson arrives at the house to tell them of a new property. Letting herself in, she stands by the Freudstein tombstone, which cracks apart, pinning her ankle. A figure emerges, stabs her in the neck with a fireplace poker, and drags her into the cellar. The next morning, Lucy finds Anne cleaning a bloodstain on the kitchen floor. Anne eludes Lucy\'s questions about the stain. Over coffee, Norman tells Lucy that he\'s discovered that Freudstein was a Victorian surgeon who conducted illegal experiments. Norman must travel to New York to research Freudstein. On the way, Norman drops by the library and finds a cassette of Peterson, which explains Freudstein killed his family. Anne goes to the cellar looking for Bob, but is decapitated by Freudstein. Bob sees Anne\'s head, and exits screaming. Lucy refuses to believe Bob\'s tale about Anne. That evening, Bob returns to the cellar looking for Anne. Lucy hears Bob\'s cries and tries to open the cellar door. When she cannot open the door, Norman returns and attacks it with an axe. The rotting hands of Freudstein  appear and restrain Bob. One axe blow chops off the monster\'s hand, and he staggers away, holding Bob. The cellar contains mutilated bodies, surgical equipment and a slab. Freudstein is a living corpse with rotting flesh. Norman tells Lucy the 150-year-old Freudstein lives by using his victims\' parts to regenerate blood cells. Norman attacks Freudstein, but the ghoul twists the axe away. He grabs a knife off a tray and stabs Freudstein. Freudstein picks up Norman and rips his throat out. Lucy and Bob climb a ladder leading to the cracked tombstone. Lucy strains to shift the stone, but Freudstein grabs her. Freudstein kills Lucy by ramming her head into the concrete floor. As Freudstein advances up the ladder, Bob strains to escape. Suddenly, Bob is yanked upwards and finds Mae. With Mae is her mother, Mary Freudstein , who urges them to leave. Freudstein leads Mae and Bob down the wintry grove into a netherworld of ghosts and sadness.'] ["The film takes place in Tokyo in 2003, where two reporters - Sarah Sullivan  and Erin Lynch  - have arrived from the United States to document unusual seismic disturbances that have been picked up around Tokyo. The disturbances are originally thought to be aftershocks left over from a supposed massive earthquake on the Kanto Fault that occurred two years previously, causing hundreds of thousands of casualties and several hundred billion dollars in damage, although careful analysis of the evidence suggests otherwise. As time goes on, all of Tokyo begins to suffer from abnormal earth tremors similar to those registered in 2005, but the tremors are found not to be caused by an earthquake, but by a gigantic octopus that has been dormant for centuries, but has since been awakened by mankind, and now sees Tokyo as a new feeding-ground, with the filmmakers documenting the catastrophe as it unfolds. It starts as Sarah and Erin are talking about filming Tokyo. The scene then switches to the interior of Sarah's car as the two drive to LAX, to catch their flight to Tokyo. In Tokyo they rent a hotel room, and, the next day, Erin films Sarah talking with the global warming minister. During the interview, an earthquake strikes and the scene again switches to the reporters in the basement of the environmental building trying to find someone who can speak English. Eventually, they find Justin - a worker - who is from America as well. He says that they have to go to the American embassy, and, as they flee, they hear the sounds of panic and plane engines from a tunnel. Later, they find a mall, and another earthquake occurs. In the chaos, Justin is impaled by a pole as the reporters flee in panic. Some small text appears on the screen saying that tape #3 was damaged. As the reporters run toward a mall they find a woman and her grandfather, and they eat and sleep, Sarah not realizing she had left the camera turned on. Then, another earthquake begins and kills the grandfather as the woman tells the reporters to flee. They hear the mall explode as they run away and soon find a building which they enter. They have gone upstairs when the building suddenly collapses. The reporters survive, but, unfortunately, the collapse damaged the camera lens. Night arrives and they see helicopters ready to save refugees, but a tentacle destroys them and proceeds to throw cars at the people, killing many of them. Panic ensues and Eric abandons Sarah but a tentacle slams into the ground where Erin is and she is wounded. Additionally, the camera's batteries are running low. Sarah cries for Eric as the crash of a tentacle hitting the ground is heard, ending the film, indicating that the reporters were crushed by the monster and were among the thousands, if not millions, killed."] ['The film centers around Union soldiers escaping in a gas balloon from a Confederate prison camp during the American Civil War. They end up crashing in the ocean, only to find themselves washed up on an unknown island, where gigantic animals abound. They make shelter in the cave home of a marooned sailor who had hanged himself years earlier. It would later be revealed that the animals were the result of experiments by the presumed-dead Captain Nemo to end war by solving the problem of world hunger. He has been an unknown benefactor to the castaways as they struggled to survive on the island. The island\'s volcano threatens to erupt. After a skirmish with pirates the stranded group manages to escape from the island on the pirates\' ship as the volcano destroys the island. The highlights of the film were Ray Harryhausen\'s animation sequences. The different animated "monsters" that the castaways encountered included a monstrous crab, a giant flightless bird , giant bees and a giant cephalopod resembling a prehistoric ammonite.'] ["A group of scientists land on a remote island in the Pacific to search for a previous expedition that disappeared and to continue research about the effects of radiation from the Bikini Atoll nuclear tests on the island's plant and sea life. They learn to their horror that the earlier group of scientists have been eaten by mutated giant crabs that have gained intelligence by absorbing the minds of their victims. Members of the current expedition are systematically attacked and killed by the crabs, which are invulnerable to most weaponry because of the mutation in their cell structure. Finally, they discover the crabs are the cause of the earthquakes and landslides that are destroying the island. As the remaining expedition members struggle to survive on the ever-shrinking island, they must also find a way to stop the crabs before they reproduce and invade the oceans of the world."] ["Four astronauts in 1960 travel to a planet called Nova that has just entered Earth's solar system. The crew begins studying the planet to see if it's suitable for a possible Earth colony. After first discovering normal Earth animals such as a kinkajou and an alligator, they soon encounter and battle giant insects, an enormous snake, prehistoric mammals, dinosaurs, and - on an island - the titular character, King Dinosaur, a putative Tyrannosaurus Rex. Eventually, the scientists blow up the island with an atomic bomb, killing all of its inhabitants."] [" Billionaire John Hammond, CEO of InGen, has created Jurassic Park: a theme park populated with dinosaurs cloned from the DNA extracted from insects preserved in prehistoric amber. After a park worker is killed by a Velociraptor, Hammond's investors, represented by their lawyer Donald Gennaro, demand that experts visit the park and certify that it is safe. Gennaro invites Dr. Ian Malcolm, a mathematician, while Hammond invites paleontologist Dr. Alan Grant and paleobotanist Dr. Ellie Sattler. They are joined on the island by Hammond's grandchildren, Tim and Lex Murphy. Hammond asks Malcolm, Grant, and Sattler what their thoughts are about recreating dinosaur species. They debate the ethics of cloning extinct dinosaurs, with Gennaro being the only one to express optimism. The group sets off to explore the park while Hammond observes his guests along with Head Technician Ray Arnold and game warden Robert Muldoon. Grant spots a sick Triceratops and the group investigates. With a storm heading in, everyone returns to their vehicles except for Sattler, who stays with the park doctor to look after the animal. Jurassic Park's head computer programmer, Dennis Nedry, is secretly in the employ of one of InGen's corporate rivals, and has been paid to steal dinosaur embryos. During his theft, Nedry deactivates the park's security system, allowing him access to the embryo storage. Electric fences around the park are deactivated as a result, releasing a Tyrannosaurus. The T-Rex assaults the vehicle with Tim and Lex inside. Gennaro flees the vehicle and is subsequently eaten. Tim, Lex and Grant flee down a steep embankment and escape. Malcolm is injured distracting the T-Rex but survives the attack. A fleeing Nedry crashes his Jeep. While he is tying the Jeep's winch around a tree, he encounters a Dilophosaurus, which he ignores due to its small size. As he returns to the Jeep, the creature spits venom at him, blinding him. Nedry drops the stolen embryos and gets into the Jeep, but the Dilophosaurus gets inside and kills him. Sattler and Muldoon search for survivors of the Tyrannosaurus attack, but only find Malcolm and the remains of Gennaro. As they look for the children, Malcolm realizes the Tyrannosaurus is returning. He orders Sattler and Muldoon to flee, with the Tyrannosaurus pursuing. The three of them escape in their Jeep. Grant and the children climb up a tree to avoid the Tyrannosaurus, and see a family of Brachiosaurus eating at which point Dr Grant attempts to emmulate their call to no avail and so the three fall asleep. In the morning Dr Grant wakes up and is surprised to see a Brachiosaurus eating from the tree they are sleeping in and thus wakes up the kids, much to Lex surprise at seeing the dinosaur. Asking if it eats meat Dr Grant replies it doesn't and so the three attempt to feed the creature, getting it closer with a branch Dr Grant touches the dinosaur but when Lex tries it steps back and sneezes on her before departing. Meanwhile unable to decipher Dennis's code to reactivate the security fences, Hammond, Arnold, Muldoon, Malcolm and Sattler take the drastic measure of rebooting the entire park's computer and electrical network. The five shut down the park's grid and retreat to an emergency bunker, and Arnold journeys to a maintenance bunker to complete the process of rebooting the system. When he does not return, Sattler and Muldoon decide to head for the bunker. Grant and the children discover a nest full of hatched eggs, indicating the dinosaurs are breeding despite having been bred as females. As Muldoon and Sattler proceed to the maintenance bunker, Muldoon notices that they are being hunted by Velociraptors. Muldoon offers to draw their attention while Sattler continues to the bunker. Sattler restarts the park's systems, but is attacked by a raptor hidden within some cables; she discovers Arnold's severed arm and narrowly escapes the raptor. Muldoon is about to shoot a raptor, but another raptor appears and kills him. Tim, Lex and Grant climb an electrified fence out of the park's animal zone and Tim is nearly killed when the fence is reactivated. Grant and the children head for the visitor's center; he leaves them alone in the kitchen while he reunites with Sattler and the others. The kids escape two stalking raptors before reuniting with Grant and Sattler. Lex restores the park's security systems from the control room. Grant contacts Hammond and tells him to call the mainland for rescue before the two raptors find the group and attack. The group flees through a series of air ducts, only to be cornered in the entrance hall by the raptors. The Tyrannosaurus breaks into the main hall and attacks the raptors, allowing the four to flee outside, where they are rescued by Malcolm and Hammond. The survivors board a helicopter. Grant and Sattler watch a small flock of pelicans fly over the sea as they depart."] ['Two pilots named Tsukioka and Kobayashi are hunting for schools of fish for a tuna cannery company in Osaka. Kobayashi\'s plane malfunctions and is forced to land near Iwato Island, an uninhabited strip of rocks formed by volcanic eruptions. Tsukioka then looks for Kobayashi and finds him safe, with only a wrist sprain. While talking, the two men hear some strange sounds and find two monsters fighting. Tsukioka immediately recognizes one of the monsters to be Godzilla. The two monsters then fall off a cliff, into the ocean. Tsukioka and Kobayashi report to the authorities in Osaka, and find out that the other monster Godzilla was fighting is Anguirus. A group of scientists with the two pilots research Anguirus in a book written by a Polish scientist. Godzilla and Anguirus lived around the same time millions of years ago, and there was an intense rivalry between the two monsters. Dr. Kyohei Yamane, who experienced Godzilla\'s attack in 1954, is also present at the meeting, and shows a film of the original Godzilla attacking Tokyo. He confirms that this Godzilla is a second member of the same species, and that it and Anguirus were probably brought back to life by the same hydrogen bomb tests that awoke the original Godzilla. Yamane states that there is no way to kill Godzilla, and that Dr. Daisuke Serizawa, the inventor of the Oxygen Destroyer, had died and burned the formula. Yamane, though, suggests that the military should use flares on Godzilla to attract the monster away from the shore. Godzilla becomes angry when he sees lights because the hydrogen bomb\'s bright explosion had awakened and mutated him. One day unexpectedly, Godzilla shows up on the shore of Osaka. Jets are sent to shoot flares from their planes to lead Godzilla away from the shore. Godzilla sees the flames, and, as Yamane predicted, starts to walk away. Meanwhile, a prison truck transports dangerous criminals to another part of the country. All of the criminals, using body language, decided that this would be a great opportunity to escape from prison. The prisoners beat up the two policemen guarding the back door of the truck, and run away. A few of them find a gasoline truck, and use it to escape. The truck crashes into an industrial building and starts a massive fire. The fire attracts Godzilla to the shore of Osaka again. A few minutes later, Anguirus swims to shore and attacks Godzilla. The two creatures fight an intense battle, while destroying several buildings, including the tuna cannery that Tsukioka and Kobayashi work for. Godzilla finally bites Anguirus\'s neck, and throws him on a moat near Osaka Castle. Godzilla then fires his atomic ray, and burns Anguirus to death. Tsukioka and Kobayashi are transferred to a Hokkaido plant. During a company party, Tsukioka and Kobayashi are notified that Godzilla destroyed one of the company fishing boats. The military, and Tsukioka begin a massive search for Godzilla. Tsukioka spots Godzilla swimming to the shore of a small, icy island. He notifies the cannery, and Kobayashi takes off in his plane to switch shifts with Tsukioka. Kobayashi dives his plane towards Godzilla to distract him from walking back into the ocean. Tsukioka then transferred to the air force, travels on a jet with an old college friend. They drop bombs on Godzilla but are unsuccessful. Godzilla then wades towards shore. Koboyashi dives towards Godzilla again but Godzilla fires his atomic ray on Kobayashi\'s plane. The plane then crashes on an icy mountain, killing Kobayashi. Tsukioka grieves but then notices that the military can shoot missiles at the mountain, and bury Godzilla in an avalanche. The jets fire the missiles, and bury Godzilla in snow to his waist. The jets return to base to reload, and Tsukioka is authorized to fly in his own jet. The jets return to the icy island, and shoot missiles at the mountain, burying Godzilla to his neck. Tsukioka then shoots his missiles burying Godzilla completely. Tsukioka looks to the sky, and says, "Kobayashi, we buried Godzilla for you."'] ['The movie opens with a young couple parked in a bleak, rural locale overlooking a ravine. A giant gila monster attacks the car, sending it into the ravine and killing the couple. Later, some friends of the couple decide to assist the local sheriff  in his search for the missing teens. Chase Winstead , a young mechanic and hot rod racer, locates the crashed car in the ravine and finds evidence of the giant lizard. However, it is only when the hungry reptile attacks a train  that the authorities realize they are dealing with a  70-foot poisonous lizard. By this time, emboldened by its attacks and hungry for prey, the creature attacks the town. It makes straight for the local dance hall where all the teenagers had gathered for a sock hop. However, Chase packs his prized hot rod with nitroglycerin and rigs it to speed straight into the monster, terminating the lizard in a fiery explosion and heroically saving the town.'] ["In Tokyo, Admiral Taizo Tachibana briefs cadets about Godzilla's attack on Tokyo 50 years ago. A nuclear submarine is reported missing, which is later found to have been destroyed by Godzilla. Tachibana's daughter, Yuri Tachibana film a docudrama with her crew at Mt. Myoko, where a mysterious earthquake randomly ensues. The odd earthquake returns later that burying a biker gang and leaving one surviving trucker who witnesses the monster, Baragon. The next day, Yuri is unable to convince her manager to report the incident The Self Defense Force attempts to rescue the buried men using a missile called D-03. The surviving trucker tries to explain to a military official what he saw but can only explain that he believed it was Godzilla. Yuri's friend, Teruaki Takeda, supports her theory that a monster may have been the cause of the mysterious Myoko earthquake by giving her a book on The Guardian Monsters. Meanwhile, a few teenagers at Lake Ikeda in Kagoshima are attacked by an insect monster, Mothra. The Defense Force analyzes underwater footage of what appears to be glowing dorsal fins leaving the destroyed nuclear submarine from before. The conclusion is drawn that the monster is Godzilla. Yuri interviews Hirotoshi Isayama, an elderly man who foretells the return of Godzilla. Isayama explains to her the legend of the guardian monsters, Baragon, Mothra, and King Ghidorah and goes on that they must be awakened before Godzilla destroys Japan. Yuri and her team visit the guardian monsters shrine where she finds a stone. Godzilla comes ashore to Magonote and attacks the Bonin Islands, leaving few survivors. Yuri returns to interview Isayama and discovers that the poor lost souls of World War II are embedded within Godzilla and wish to destroy Japan after the nation forgotten their sacrifices. A few days later, Godzilla and Baragon finally appear in Japan and engage in a ferocious battle in Hakone. Yuri and Takeda are trapped in the midst of the battle when Godzilla mercilessly defeats Baragon with his atomic breath. After the battle, Yuri receives a minor injury to the head. Fearing for her safety, Takeda refuses to take her to Godzilla's location. Angered, Yuri goes alone. Mothra's cocoon is soon immediately discovered in Lake Ikeda. The SDF dispatch several fighter jets to stop Godzilla but are quickly defeated by the monster. Tachibana sets up a defense line in Yokohama. Mothra and a yet-to-be-grown Ghidorah awaken and fly towards Yokohama where Godzilla is spotted. Mothra arrives first and battles the monster. Ghidorah arrives moments later and joins the fray. After brutally pinning down both monsters, the SDF engage Godzilla with D-03 missiles but to no avail. Enraged, Godzilla swiftly destroys nearly the entire defense line using his atomic breath. Mothra rises for a surprise attack but Godzilla kills her with his atomic breath. Mothra's spirit intertwines with Ghidorah and transforms him into the 3,000 year old dragon King Ghidorah. King Ghidorah injures Godzilla and take the battle underwater. Tachibana and his colleague join the fight using the Satsuma submarine. Tachibana plans to shoots a D-03 into Godzilla's wound but fails after several attempts. Yuri and Takeda report the struggle from a bridge that later collapses from Godzilla's atomic breath. Takeda and Yuri hold on but the shrine stone falls from Takeda's pockets and sink into the deep, melting on King Ghidorah's head. Ghidorah's power is strengthened up and takes the battle to the surface once more. Yuri and Takeda barely survive the fall and swim ashore while the monsters continue to fight. Godzilla destroys King Ghidorah with a super power breath and unleashes the spirits of the Guardian Monsters, which sink him down to the deep. After entering Godzilla's body through his mouth, Tachibana successfully plants a D-03 missile in Godzilla's wound. Godzilla surfaces to come face to face with Yuri and Takeda but the monster collapses when the missile explodes. Tachibana exits Godzilla's body through the monster's wound right before the monster disintegrates. Japan soon rejoices at their victory against Godzilla. However, the monster's heart continues to beat on the ocean floor."] ["The film begins when an earthquake hits Mexico, resulting in the overnight birth of a new volcano. Sent to study this phenomenon are geologists Dr. Hank Scott and his partner Dr. Arturo Ramos. En route to the village of San Lorenzo, the two men happen upon a destroyed house and an equally totaled police car. Shortly afterward, they find the dead policeman nearby, as well as an abandoned infant. They take the baby to San Lorenzo and give it to some friends of its  parents, and are welcomed by the village's priest, Father Delgado. In addition to the disappearances of locals and the destruction of their homes, there have been wholesale slaughters of livestock and strange roars in the night. The villagers believe the culprit to be a demon bull, and have been pestering Delgado for divine assistance. Undaunted, Hank and Arturo begin their geological survey as members of the Mexican army, led by Major Cosio, arrive in San Lorenzo to begin disaster relief efforts. Hank meets and falls in love with local rancher Teresa Alvarez and makes friends with a young boy named Juanito. The volcano erupts again and the true culprits behind the disappearances and deaths are revealed as giant prehistoric scorpions. After attacking a trio of telephone repairmen, the scorpions turn their attention to San Lorenzo itself, with the guns of Major Cosio's troops having no effect on them. Come morning, the scorpions have returned to their underground lair , leaving the authorities to seek the help of renowned entomologist Dr. Velasco. It is up to him, Hank, and Arturo to figure out a way to either destroy the scorpions or seal off the entrance to their cavern home, before more innocent lives are lost. Despite collapsing the cave entrance, the giant scorpions make it to the surface and destroy a train, killing countless passengers before fighting amongst themselves. In the end, one scorpion, the largest of the group and presumably the alpha scorpion, kills all of the smaller ones, making it the last scorpion alive, and it heads for Mexico City. Hank and Arturo come up with a plan to lure it to a stadium where the military is waiting with tanks and helicopters. Using a truckload of meat from a butcher shop, they manage to get the scorpion into the stadium where the military's weapons are again proved useless against its armor. However, Hank manages to finish it off by using an electric cable attached to a spear ans shooting it at its throat, which is its weakness. After destroying several tanks and choppers, the scorpion is electrocuted."] ['Godzilla cells brought into space  are exposed to intense radiation from a black hole. The celestial fission creates a highly aggressive extraterrestrial beast closely resembling Godzilla. This "SpaceGodzilla" quickly makes its way to Earth. Meanwhile, a group of soldiers and scientists are setting up at Birth Island to try Project T against Godzilla, who has taken up residence on the isle. The plan is to plant a device on Godzilla which will allow the Japan Self Defense Forces to control the mutant dinosaur telepathically. With help from psychic Miki Saegusa, the project is put into action, but it ultimately fails. Afterward, the Cosmos, Mothra\'s twin priestesses, appear to Miki and warn her of SpaceGodzilla\'s arrival. With Mothra gone to space, the world will have to rely on Godzilla to stop the invader. SpaceGodzilla gets closer and closer to Earth, destroying a NASA space station along the way, Moguera, a giant penguin-like robot built by the JSDF to replace the Mechagodzilla, is sent in to intercept SpaceGodzilla, but the alien uses a number of psychic attacks to cripple the robot, forcing it to retreat. Attracted to Godzilla\'s radiation, SpaceGodzilla lands on Birth Island, where it finds Godzilla\'s son. SpaceGodzilla mercilessly attacks the small creature when he approaches it curiously, and Godzilla comes to his son\'s rescue. Godzilla puts up a good fight, but finds himself overwhelmed by SpaceGodzilla\'s power and is knocked out. With Godzilla temporarily subdued, SpaceGodzilla creates a small cage made of crystals and traps Godzilla\'s son inside of it. It then leaves for Japan, intending to destroy it. Godzilla, after failing to free his son from the cage, follows SpaceGodzilla. Shortly thereafter, the Yakuza captures Miki and brings her back to their base in Fukuoka in an attempt to use Project T to gain control of Godzilla. Fortunately, a recovery team is successfully dispatched and Miki and the team escape before SpaceGodzilla arrives and destroys the building. SpaceGodzilla lands in central Fukuoka and forms a massive fortress of celestial crystals. Moguera arrives to once again fight SpaceGodzilla, but is still no match for it. Godzilla arrives in Kagoshima Bay and fights SpaceGodzilla, but SpaceGodzilla\'s cosmic powers easily allow it to gain the upper hand. The JSDF discovers that SpaceGodzilla is using Fukuoka Tower as a power converter, using it to transform the Earth\'s core into an energy that SpaceGodzilla can absorb, slowly killing the planet. While Godzilla wrestles with SpaceGodzilla, Moguera splits into two different mechs: the Star Falcon, a flying battleship, and the Land Moguera, a tank. The mechs damage the crystal fortress while Godzilla pushes over Fukuoka Tower, cutting off SpaceGodzilla\'s energy supply. Moguera quickly reforms and blasts off SpaceGodzilla\'s crystal-like shoulder formations, weakening it. Enraged, SpaceGodzilla beats Moguera into submission and starts to throttle Godzilla, who further wounds SpaceGodzilla by gouging out his eyes. With SpaceGodzilla brutally beaten and blinded, Moguera uses up the last of its power supply by ramming into the alien beast, but SpaceGodzilla impales Moguera with its tail and hurls it into the remains of the crystal fortress. Godzilla blasts SpaceGodzilla with his atomic ray, sending him crashing on top of Moguera. With a supercharged atomic blast, Godzilla eradicates SpaceGodzilla including Moguera\'s remains, and cosmic energy floats from the inferno and vanishes in the atmosphere. Having won the fight, Godzilla makes his way back to Birth Island. Before he departs, Miki uses her psychic powers to remove the mind control device from Godzilla\'s neck. Meanwhile Godzilla\'s Son is free and can blow bubbles of fire.'] ['Giant insectoid aliens from a dying planet in "Space Hunter Nebula-M" plot to colonize the Earth. The aliens assume the forms of dead humans and work as the development staff of the peace-themed theme park, World Children\'s Land, the centerpiece of which is "Godzilla Tower". The Nebula-M aliens plan to use the space monsters Gigan and King Ghidorah, guided by two "Action Signal Tapes," to wipe out human civilization. Manga artist Gengo Kotaka stumbles onto their plan after being hired as a concept artist for the park. When Gengo and his friends accidentally obtain one of the Action Signal Tapes and play it, Godzilla and Anguirus hear the signal and realize something is amiss. Godzilla sends Anguirus to investigate. When Anguirus approaches Tokyo, the Japan Self Defense Forces, misunderstanding the monster\'s intentions, drives him away. Anguirus reports back to Monster Island, and Godzilla follows him back to Japan to save the Earth from Gigan and King Ghidorah. The aliens attempt to kill Godzilla with a lethal laser cannon hidden inside Godzilla Tower, but Gengo and his companions destroy the tower along with the aliens. After a lengthy fight, Godzilla and Anguirus force Gigan and King Ghidorah back into space and then Godzilla and Anguirus swim back to Monster Island, but not before Godzilla turns around and gives a roar of triumph.'] ['A 36-foot-gorilla escapes from an oil tanker off the coast of Korea. After battling with a giant Great White Shark, the ape reaches land and destroys several buildings before finding and kidnapping an American actress named Marilyn . The military eventually corners and kills the ape, prompting one observer to comment, "He was just too big for a small world like ours!"'] ['Baron von Frankenstein neglects his duties towards his wife/sister Katrin, as he is obsessed with creating a perfect Serbian race to obey his commands, beginning by assembling a perfect male and female from parts of corpses. The doctor\'s sublimation of his sexual urges by his powerful urge for domination is shown when he utilizes the surgical wounds of his female creation to satisfy his lust. He is dissatisfied with the inadequate reproductive urges of his current male creation, and seeks a head donor with a greater libido; he also repeatedly exhibits an intense interest that the creature\'s "nasum"  have a correctly Serbian shape.IMDB.com As it happens, a suitably randy farmhand, Nicholas, leaving a local brothel along with his sexually repressed friend, brought there in an unsuccessful attempt to dissuade him from entering a monastery, are spotted and waylaid by the doctor and his henchman, Otto; mistakenly assuming that the prospective monk is also suitable for stud duty, they take his head for use on the male creature. Not knowing these behind-the-scene details, Nicholas survives and finds his way to the castle, where he is befriended by Katrin; they form an agreement for him to gratify her unsatisfied carnal appetites. Under the control of the doctor, the male and female creatures are seated for dinner with the castle\'s residents, but the male creature shows no signs of recognition of his friend as he serves the Baron and his family. Nicholas realizes at this point that something is awry, but himself pretends not to recognize his friend\'s face until he can investigate further. After a falling-out with Katrin, who is merely concerned with her own needs, Nicholas is captured by the doctor while snooping in the laboratory; the doctor muses about using his new acquisition to replace the head of his creature, who is still showing no signs of libido. Nevertheless, Katrin is rewarded for betraying Nicholas by being granted use of the creature for erotic purposes, but is killed during a bout of overly vigorous copulation. Meanwhile, Otto repeats the doctor\'s sexual exploits with the female creature, resulting in her graphic disembowelment. The Baron returns and, enraged, does away with Otto; when he attempts to have the male creature eliminate Nicholas, however, the remnants of his friend\'s personality rebel and the doctor is killed instead in gruesome fashion. The creature, believing he is better off dead, then disembowels himself. The doctor\'s children, Erik and Monica, then enter the laboratory, pick up a pair of scalpels, and proceed to turn the wheel of the crane that is holding the farmhand in mid-air. It is not clear if the scalpels are there in order to release him, or take over where their father left off.'] ['The government of the United States, along with The Pentagon, organizes the first interplanetary expedition to the planet Venus. The spacecraft XY-21 with a crew of seventeen successfully reaches the planet 20 million miles away and vast mineral resources and precious raw materials are discovered on the planet, but atmospheric conditions are extremely harsh and cannot support life from Earth, and several members of the expedition die because of the conditions. None of this is actually seen, but is all explained in dialogue later on in the film. On the return journey, thirteen months after leaving, the rocket is crippled by a meteor and crashes into the Mediterranean Sea off the southern coast of Sicily. The film begins as the two surviving crewmen are rescued by local fishermen before the vessel sinks beneath the waves and are taken to the local hotel. Camped nearby are an Italian zoologist, Dr. Leonardo, and his American granddaughter Marisa, who is, fortunately, a medical student. Marisa tends to the crew herself, with mixed results: horribly burnt chief scientist of the expedition Dr. Sharman dies, whilst Col. Robert Calder survives. Calder determines to locate a specimen they brought with them to study how the creature survives and therefore prepare another expedition to tap into the planet\'s resources. In his dying breaths, Dr. Sharman had different thoughts: he considered the creature a dangerous threat and beseeched Calder to find it and destroy it to prevent the creature causing destruction and carnage on Earth. Meanwhile, the specimen, an egg shrouded in jelly within a metal cylinder, washes ashore and is found by a local boy, who then sells it to Dr. Leonardo. Overnight the egg hatches a Venusian reptilian creature, referred to  as the Ymir. The Ymir begins to grow at a prodigious rate due to the abundance of oxygen in Earth\'s atmosphere. Dr. Leonardo prudently places the Ymir in a cage. Soon, however, the Ymir becomes large and strong enough to free itself. Apparently, the Ymir eats sulfur and passes by horses, poultry and sheep before finding some bags of agricultural chemicals in a barn, one of which is sulfur, and begins to eat. The Ymir only attacks when provoked and after being attacked by a dog and a farmer, it escapes the barn. This time the Ymir runs to the erupting volcanic crater at Mount Etna. It is found by the Italian army and American army only to be chased into a trap. However, by this point, the Ymir has grown to approximately 10 ft high. The army ensnare the Ymir in an electric net and it is and transported to a zoo in Rome. Believing the situation is over, and themselves safe at last, Calder and Marisa begin to develop a romantic relationship. After studying the Ymir for some time, something goes wrong in the zoo\'s laboratory when an accident disrupts the flow of electricity. The Ymir escapes and is attacked by an elephant. Victorious after the battle, the Ymir then goes on a rampage, smashing through buildings. Calder chases the Ymir into the Tiber River in Rome. Promptly resurfacing, the Ymir attacks the human threat and smashes through the bridge. Firearms are little use against the Ymir. The Ymir, after being shot at by an armored flamethrower, ends up on top of the Colosseum. After tearing into the brickwork and throwing pieces down at people and soldiers, it is eventually shot down by an intense barrage of rockets and falls some fifty meters, whereby it is crushed by falling masonry. The film ends with scientist Dr. Judson Uhl, played by John Zaremba, looking over the dead body of the Ymir and saying "Why is it always, always so costly for man to move from the present to the future?"'] ["The film focuses on the exploits of the vengeful Dr. Gustav Niemann , who escapes from prison. He is helped by the hunchback Daniel , for whom he promises to create a new, beautiful body. The two murder Professor Lampini, a traveling showman, and take over his horror exhibit. To exact revenge on Bürgermeister Hussman , who had once caused his imprisonment, Niemann revives Count Dracula . Dracula seduces Hussmann's Granddaughter-in-law Rita  and kills Hussmann himself, but in a subsequent chase, Niemann disposes of Dracula's coffin, causing the vampire to perish in sunlight. Niemann and Daniel move on to the flooded ruins of Castle Frankenstein, where they find the bodies of the Frankenstein Creature  and Lawrence Talbot the Wolf Man  preserved in the frozen waters. Nieman thaws out the two and promises Talbot to find a cure from the curse. However, in fact he is more interested in reviving the Creature and exacting revenge on two former associates than in his promises to Daniel or Talbot. Talbot transforms into a werewolf and kills a man, arousing the villagers. Talbot is also envied by the hunchback Daniel as both love Ilonka , a gypsy girl. She has fallen in love with Talbot but is the object of Daniel's affection. Daniel reveals Talbot's curse to Ilonka but she is not deterred and promises to help him in fighting the curse. Things enter a critical stage at night, as Niemann revives the Frankenstein monster and Talbot again turns into a werewolf. Talbot is shot by Ilonka with a silver bullet, thereby releasing him, but Ilonka is killed in the process. Daniel blames her death on Niemann and begins to choke him. The Creature intervenes, throws Daniel out of the window, and carries the half-conscious Niemann outside, where the villagers begin to chase them and drive them into the marshes. There, both the Creature and Niemann drown in quicksand."] ["Continuing after the end of Godzilla vs. Mechagodzilla, Interpol agents, led by Inspector Kusaka, search for the wreck of Mechagodzilla at the bottom of the Okinawan Sea. Using the submarine, Akatsuki, they hope to gather information on the robot's builders, the alien simians. The Akatsuki is suddenly attacked by a giant aquatic dinosaur called Titanosaurus, and the crew is apparently lost. Interpol starts an investigation into the incident. With the help of marine biologist Akira Ichinose, they trace the Titanosaurus to a reclusive, mad scientist named Shinzô Mafune, who wants to destroy all mankind. While Ichinose is visiting his old home in the seaside forest of Manazuru, they meet Mafune's lone daughter, Katsura. She tells them that not only is her father dead, but she burned all of the notes about the giant dinosaur . Unbeknownst to them, Mafune is still alive and well. He is visited by his friend Tsuda, who is an aide to the simian alien leader Mugal. He is leading the project to quickly rebuild Mechagodzilla. Mugal offers their services to Mafune, so that his Titanosaurus and their Mechagodzilla 2 will be the ultimate weapons. They hope to wipe out mankind and rebuild the world for themselves. But things are complicated for both factions when Ichinose falls in love with Katsura and unwittingly gives her Interpol's information against Titanosaurus, the new Mechagodzilla, and the aliens. It's also discovered that Katsura is actually a cyborg and Mugal still has uses for her. Meanwhile, Mafune is desperate to unleash Titanosaurus without the aliens' permission, so he releases it on Yokosuka one night. By then, Interpol discovers that supersonic waves are the Titanosaurus' weakness. They had a supersonic wave oscillator ready, but Katsura sabotaged the machine before they could use it. Fortunately, Godzilla arrives to fight off Titanosaurus. Later, when Ichinose visits Katsura, he is captured by the aliens. Tied to a chair, Ichinose can only watch as Mafune and the aliens unleash Mechagodzilla and Titanosaurus on Yokosuka, while Interpol struggles to repair their sonic wave machine and the Japanese armed forces struggle to keep the two monsters at bay. Katsura, while being controlled by Mugal, ignores Ichinose and controls both the dinosaur and the robot as they destroy the city. Godzilla comes to the rescue, though he is outmatched by the two titans. While Interpol distracts Titanosaurus with the supersonic wave oscillator, Godzilla is able to focus on attacking Mechagodzilla. Interpol agents infiltrate the aliens' hideout, rescue Ichinose, and kill Mafune and many of the aliens. The remaining aliens attempt to escape in their ship, but Godzilla shoots them down. Katsura, while being embraced by Ichinose, shoots herself to destroy Mechagodzilla. Godzilla, with the help of the oscillator, defeats Titanosaurus  and heads back to sea."] ['{{Plot}} A scientific team picks through the ruins of Tokyo, searching for tissue samples left behind by the mutant dinosaur Godzilla following his recent rampage. A team of American paramilitary soldiers working for a United States-based genetics research company called Bio-Major attempts to escape with a sample, but is overcome by a lone mercenary and the samples are stolen. Meanwhile, in the Middle East, researcher Genshiro Shiragami looks forward to returning home to Japan with his daughter, Erika. However, a terrorist bombing destroys his research facility and kills Erika. Five years later, Dr. Shiragami is now a haunted dreamer, who has lately turned most of his attention to the study of the psychic energy of roses. Psychic Miki Saegusa, who also heads an institution for intuitive children, aids him in his research. Dr. Shiragami is now seen as a harmless old man who uses his scientific knowledge to satisfy his own curiosity. However, two groups are watching Dr. Shiragami: a gang of thieves hired by Bio-Major and an assassin from a Middle Eastern country called Saradia. As it turns out, Dr. Shiragami is involved in the study of Godzilla cells. It is believed by Shiragami\'s employers that he is aiding them in figuring out how to utilize the cells\' properties to create Anti-Nuclear Energy Bacteria , which is supposed to be used as weapons against Godzilla. The bacteria are designed to devour all radioactive material, and should prove fatal to Godzilla, but Shiragami has been conducting his own secret experiments. When the thieves and the assassin catch each other breaking into Shiragami\'s laboratory, a gunfight ensues. It is interrupted by an attack of a giant, mobile plant that kills one man and nearly kills another. The surviving thief flees, and the assassin barely escapes from the plant\'s grasp. They do not realize that they have just encountered the result of Dr. Shiragami\'s secret experimentations. The next morning the giant flower is seen in a nearby lake, and Dr. Shiragami confesses that he combined the DNA of roses with some extracted from Godzilla\'s cells. Furthermore, he confesses privately to a young official that he had, in a fit of grief-driven madness, added Erika\'s DNA to the genetic composite, so that technically, the creature is partially human as well. He names his creation "Biollante". Meanwhile, Bio-Major anonymously sends a letter to the Diet of Japan, informing them that they have planted several bombs inside Mt. Mihara. If the Anti-Nuclear Bacteria is not handed over, the company threatens to detonate the bombs and release Godzilla from his prison. With the country held hostage, the Diet is forced to comply. The trade-off with the remaining thief goes well until Shiragami\'s assassin kills the thief. The thief dies before he can show Lieutenant Goro Gondo and Dr. Kazuhito Kirishima how to deactivate the timed explosives. Godzilla is released as Mt. Mihara is destroyed. Upon hearing Godzilla\'s roar, Biollante\'s blossom opens, and the monstrous plant begins calling out to Godzilla. Dr. Shiragami theorizes that this is because Biollante is partially composed of Godzilla\'s DNA. With Godzilla\'s destination made clear, the Japan Self-Defense Forces, under the leadership of Major Sho Koruki, prepare their strategies for dealing with the King of the Monsters. The Super X II, a remote controlled and stronger version of the first Super X, is deployed, and though it first seems effective at combating Godzilla, it is eventually overwhelmed by Godzilla\'s nuclear breath, and is forced to retreat. Godzilla finally reaches Biollante. A huge battle ensues, and briefly it appears that there is a stalemate. However, Godzilla defeats Biollante with his atomic breath. With Biollante apparently dead, Godzilla continues on. Godzilla, running low on radioactive energy after his fights with the Super X II and Biollante, heads towards the nearest operational nuclear reactor, which is located in Tsuruga, on the other side of the country. The military is sent out to meet Godzilla at Ise Bay. Godzilla instead surfaces in Osaka Bay, avoiding a confrontation with the JSDF. Saegusa tries to help, attempting to make Godzilla turn away from Osaka. Her efforts distract Godzilla momentarily, but the force of Godzilla\'s will and his physic brainpower overwhelms her and she faints. A plan is put into action, involving infecting Godzilla with the regained ANEB. In its final battle, the Super X II is destroyed by Godzilla after luring it into Osaka\'s business district. Lieutenant Gondo and his soldiers use rocket launchers equipped with the ANEB. The operation is initially successful, despite the death of Lieutenant Gondo, with ANEB injected into Godzilla into three points in his body. Godzilla is seemingly unaffected by it, and continues on. The failure of the bacteria to work is attributed to Godzilla\'s low body temperature, which keeps the bacteria in a near-dormant state. If Godzilla can be heated up somehow, Shiragami theorizes, then the ANEB should work. The JSDF develops another plan: force Godzilla onto a field of microwave-emitting plates during an artificial thunderstorm, where it will be heated by the microwaves. The operation begins, but it seems that Godzilla is not affected by the microwaves as he crushes it. Just as everything seems lost, a low rumble is heard and Biollante\'s spores rain down from the sky. Suddenly a larger, more Godzilla-like Biollante emerges from the ground. After destroying all nearby land forces, Biollante attacks Godzilla, and the two massive monsters fight to the death with Godzilla beginning to lose. At the last minute Godzilla blasts his atomic breath into Biollante\'s mouth killing the monstrosity. However, Godzilla falls headfirst into the ocean. With Godzilla temporarily knocked out, a critically injured Biollante dissolves into spores that fly upwards into space. As the monster\'s remains float upwards, Dr. Shiragami sees the image of his daughter among the spores. Calling out to her, he walks forward and gets killed by the Saradian agent, who is still after Godzilla\'s cells. Godzilla is dying and therefore will be unable to escape when the terrorist tries to get the cell. Dr. Kirishima chases the agent and fights him. The agent is at a disadvantage until he is able to grab his weapon again. The Saradian agent attempts to kill Kirishima, but Major Koruki disintegrates the terrorist. The characters celebrate their victory when Godzilla returns from the sea waters. The body of Dr. Shiragami is placed inside a tent, with his superior briefly mourning him before leaving. Erika\'s voice is heard to comment on the events of the film. Godzilla wades out to sea and Biollante, once again a giant rose, orbits Earth.'] ["For years, Seatopia, the undersea civilization, has been heavily affected by nuclear testing conducted by the surface nations of the world. Upset by this, they plan to unleash their civilization's god, Megalon, to the surface to destroy the world out of vengeance. On the surface, an inventor named Goro Ibuki, his nephew Rokuro and their friend Hiroshi Jinkawa are off on an outing near a lake when Seatopia makes itself known to the Earth by drying up the lake the trio was relaxing nearby and using it as a base of operation  As they return home they are ambushed by agents of Seatopia who are trying to steal Jet Jaguar, a humanoid robot under construction by the trio of inventors. However the Agents' first attempt is botched and they are forced to flee to safety. Some time later, Jet Jaguar is completed but the trio of inventors are knocked unconscious by the returning seatopian agents. The agents's plan is to use Jet Jaguar to guide and direct Megalon to destroy whatever city Seatopia commands. Goro and Rokuro are sent to be killed, while Hiroshi is taken hostage. Megalon is finally released to the surface while Jet Jaguar is put under the control of the Seatopians and is used to guide Megalon to attack Tokyo with the Japan Self Defense Forces failing to defeat the monster. Eventually, the trio of heroes manage to escape their situation with the Seatopians and reunite to devise a plan to send Jet Jaguar to get Godzilla's help using Jet Jaguar's secondary control system. After uniting with Japan's Defense Force, Goro manages to regain control of Jet Jaguar and sends the robot to Monster Island to bring Godzilla to fight Megalon. Without a guide to control its actions, Megalon flails around relentlessly and aimlessly fighting with the Defense Force and destroying the outskirts of Tokyo. The Seatopians learn of Jet Jaguar's turn and thus send out a distress call to the Nebula M aliens  to send Gigan to assist them. As Godzilla journeys to fight Megalon, Jet Jaguar programs into a safeguard mode and grows to gigantic proportions to face Megalon himself until Godzilla arrives. The battle is roughly at a standstill between robot and monster, until Gigan arrives and both Megalon and Gigan double team Jet Jaguar. Godzilla finally arrives to assist Jet Jaguar and the odds become evened. After a long and brutal fight, Gigan and Megalon both retreat and Godzilla and Jet Jaguar shake hands on a job well done. Godzilla returns to Monster Island, and Jet Jaguar returns to his previous, human-sized state and reunites with his inventors."] ["Godzilla is a literal force of nature to Japan . After Y2K, the Godzilla Prediction Network  functions independently to study the mutant dinosaur and predict his landfalls. Meanwhile, the scientists of Crisis Control Intelligence  find a sixty million year old UFO deep in the Japan Trench. As CCI attempts to raise the UFO to study it, it takes off into the sky on its own. Godzilla arrives and battles the Japan Self Defense Forces, now equipped with powerful Full Metal Missiles, but the UFO appears, searching for genetic information that only Godzilla possesses. It fights Godzilla to a standstill, driving the monster underwater, and then lands to replenish its solar power. Yuji Shinoda, the founder of the GPN, discovers the secret to Godzilla's regenerative properties , but so has the UFO. It frees itself from the JSDF's attempts to contain it, and heads for Shinjuku. After landing atop Tokyo Opera City Tower, it begins to drain all the files about Godzilla from Tokyo's master computers. CCI attempts to destroy the UFO using explosive charges, but Shinoda, attempting to find out more about the aliens, is nearly caught in the blast. He survives, and joins the rest of the cast on a rooftop, watching the UFO. Almost in response, the UFO broadcasts its message of invasion and a new empire on earth, and Shinoda reveals that the aliens are after Godzilla's DNA so that they may re-form their bodies. Godzilla arrives and again battles the UFO. However, he is subdued by the UFO's assault, and it absorbs some of his Organizer G1, growing into a squid-like creature called the Millennian. However, the Millennian is unable to control Godzilla's DNA and further mutates into a horrible monster named Orga. Godzilla recovers and fights Orga, but it eventually gains the upper hand, and drains more of Godzilla's DNA, trying to convert itself into a Godzilla clone. Finally, Orga opens its mouth, intending to swallow Godzilla whole, but Godzilla tricks it by deliberately throwing his head into its throat. While Orga begins to transform, Godzilla unleashes his nuclear pulse, beheading Orga and blowing the alien to bits. Godzilla then kills Mitsuo Katagiri, head of CCI, before beginning a rampage through Tokyo."] ["A couple are found wandering nearly dead in a desert. Recovering, they tell their story. The movie flashes back a year. A mad scientist, Dr. Aranya , has created giant spiders in his Mexican lab in Zarpa Mesa to create a race of superwomen by injecting spiders with human pituitary growth hormones. Women develop miraculous regenerative powers, but men mutate into disfigured dwarves. Spiders grow to human size and intelligence. Aranya invites another scientist, Dr. Masterson, to join him. Masterson visits Zarpa but is horrified. Aranya has him injected with a drug, turning him into a doddering simpleton. Masterson escapes, and visits a cantina. A rich man  and his young American fiancee also visit the cantina while their private plane is repaired. Masterson joins them and fawns over Doreen. Tarantella,  one of Aranya's best spider women, does a strange and sensual dance for Masterson. He shoots Tarantella . Masterson hijacks Van Croft's group, forcing them to fly in the un-repaired plane. They crash land onto Zarpa Mesa. Soon the small group begins to be killed off one by one by giant spiders. Grant , Doreen and Masterson are captured by Dr. Aranya. Masterson recovers from his drug-induced imbecility, sacrifices himself to let the others escape, blowing up the lab. Grant and Doreen wanders into the desert until picked up by the oil surveyor from the movie's opening scenes."] [' When a Japanese fishing boat is attacked by a flash of light near Odo Island, another ship is sent to investigate only to meet the same fate, with only a few surviving. On Odo Island, a village elder blames their poor fishing on a sea monster known as "Godzilla" and recalls that in earlier times native girls were sacrificed to appease the giant sea monster. Word gets out and a helicopter arrives on the island with curious, but skeptical, reporters. Frightened natives perform a night-time ceremony to keep the monster away. However, that night, while the natives sleep, a storm arrives and something else comes with it, bringing death and destruction. And a boy sees the cause during the midst of the destruction. The next day, witnesses arrive in Tokyo. Archeologist Kyohei Yamane suggests that investigators be sent to the island. On arrival, Yamane finds giant radioactive footprints, and a trilobite. When an alarm sounds, the villagers arm themselves with sticks and various weapons and run to the hills, only to be confronted by Godzilla, who is revealed to be an enormous reptilian creature. After a quick skirmish, the villagers run for safety and Godzilla heads to the ocean. Dr. Yamane returns to Tokyo to present his findings and concludes that Godzilla was unleashed by a nuclear explosion. Some want to conceal that fact, fearing international repercussions. Others say the truth must be revealed. They prevail and Godzilla\'s origins are announced to the public. Ships are sent with depth charges to kill the monster. When it that fails, Godzilla appears again, frightening patrons on a party boat, and causing nationwide panic. Officials appeal to Dr. Yamane for some way to kill the monster, but Yamane wants him kept alive and studied. Meanwhile, Emiko, Yamane\'s daughter, decides to break off her arranged engagement to Yamane\'s colleague, Daisuke Serizawa, because of her love for Hideto Ogata, a salvage ship captain. Before she can do that, Serizawa tells her about his secret experiment. He gives a small demonstration, using a fish tank in the lab. Shocked, Emiko is sworn to secrecy and never gets a chance to break off the engagement. That night Godzilla climbs from Tokyo Bay and attacks the city. Though the attack is over quickly, there is much death and destruction. The next morning, the army constructs a line of 40-meter electrical towers along the coast of Tokyo that will send 50,000 volts of electricity through Godzilla, should he appear again. Civilians are evacuated from the city and put into bomb shelters. As night falls, Godzilla does indeed attack again. He easily breaks through the electric fence, melting the wires with his atomic breath. A bombardment of shells from the army tanks has no effect. Godzilla continues his rampage until much of the city is destroyed and thousands of civilians are dead or wounded. Godzilla descends unscathed into Tokyo Bay, despite a squadron of fighter jets\' last-ditch attack. The next morning finds Tokyo in ruins. Hospitals overflow with victims, including some with radiation poisoning. Emiko witnesses the devastation and tells Ogata about Serizawa\'s secret Oxygen Destroyer, a device that disintegrates oxygen atoms and organisms die of asphixiation. Thus, a new energy source he accidentally created. She hopes together they can persuade Serizawa to use it to stop Godzilla. When Serizawa realizes Emiko betrays his secret, he refuses, and Ogata and Serizawa fight and Ogata receives a minor head wound. As Emiko treats Ogata\'s wound, Serizawa apologizes, but he refuses to use the weapon on Godzilla, citing the public bedlam his weapon could cause. Then a newscast shows the devastation Godzilla has caused. Choirs of children are shown singing a hymn. Finally realizing this, Serizawa decides he will use the weapon only one time and then its secret must be destroyed for the good of humanity. He then burns all his papers and research. Emiko breaks down and cries when she sees this, as she understands that Serizawa is sacrificing his life\'s work and himself to stop Godzilla. A navy ship takes Ogata and Serizawa to plant the device in Tokyo Bay. They don diving gear and descend into the water, where they find Godzilla at rest. Ogata returns to the surface as Serizawa activates the device. Serizawa watches as Godzilla dies then tells Ogata to be with Emiko. He then cuts his own oxygen cord, sacrificing himself so his knowledge of the device cannot be used to harm mankind. A dying Godzilla surfaces, lets out a final roar, and sinks to the bottom, disintegrating until he is nothing but bones, and eventually, nothing. Although the monster is gone, those aboard ship are still grim. They do not know if the death of Godzilla is the end or the beginning of an apocalyptic era. Godzilla\'s death has come at a terrible price and Dr. Yamane believes that if mankind continues to test nuclear weapons, another Godzilla may appear.'] ["{{plot}} A large meteor hurtles towards Earth, and lands in the ocean, causing many natural disasters, such as typhoons, and awakens Godzilla. One particularly large typhoon is monitored over the Pacific ocean. This typhoon uncovers a giant egg from underground. The next day, a young man named Takuya Fujita is detained after stealing an ancient artifact. Later, the Japanese Prime Minister arrives with Takuya's ex-wife, Masako Tezuka, and offers him to explore an island in the sea with Masako and Marutomo company secretary, Kenji Andoh, and become a free man. Takuya initially turns down the offer, on the basis that he is to be released in another week. But after his ex-wife informs him that his sentence has been reconsidered, he accepts. After the trio arrives at the island, they find a cave behind a waterfall. Inside the cave, they discover ancient paintings, including a picture of two giant insects fighting one another. While studying them, the sun shines through a hole in the wall, shaped like a cross inside a circle. The light points to a small opening in the cave, where they come upon the giant egg. The three hear a pair of voices, which informs them that the egg belongs to Mothra. After searching around a bit, they find the Cosmos' voices. They explain that they keep the Earth's natural order of things in balance. The Cosmos also tell them a story of ancient origin. Many years earlier, an advanced civilization once existed, and for a time, the Earth's Cosmos was in perfect order. However, the scientists of this civilization tried to control the Earth's climate by creating a weather machine, so the Earth created the Black Mothra, named Battra. Battra then destroyed the weather machine. However, afterwards, Battra became uncontrollable, and started to harm the very Earth that created it. Mothra was then sent in to stop Battra. Mothra, a genetically engineered deity created by the Cosmos, then fought a fierce battle with Battra, who eventually lost. However, in the course of this battle, the civilization was totally destroyed by both the fight, and by flooding caused by it. Mothra and Battra then lay in rest. Mothra on Infant Island, and Battra in the Northern Sea. But due to the recent changes in the atmosphere due to pollution and Global warming, Mothra's egg has been uncovered, and the Cosmos fear that Battra has awoken as well. Meanwhile, Japanese forces try to stop Battra's invasion, but fails as Battra invades Japan and headed for Nagoya. While this was happening, Andoh calls his boss, Takeshi Tomokane. Makoto then orders a freighter sent to Infant Island to pick up the egg, planning to exploit it. Andoh explains to Masako and Takuya that, contrary to Takeshi's true intentions, he intends to protect the egg, and the Cosmos agree to let him take it. They also volunteer to go with them back to Japan. However, Battra invades and destroys Nagoya and the weapons before retreating. The freighter is already out at sea, carrying the egg back. As they are sailing, an atomic ray shoots up from the water. The crew runs to the edge of the boat, gazing at it. Takuya soon identifies it as belonging to Godzilla. Realizing the freighter was not fast enough with the egg attached, he runs down to the cables holding it. Andoh follows him. When he finally reaches the cables, Andoh tries to stop him from releasing them. At this point, Godzilla has surfaced, and is heading toward the egg. Andoh and Takuya argue aboard the ship. Takuya eventually manages to beat Andoh, and successfully releases the egg. Everyone watches Godzilla. However, rather than immediately destroying it, he continues towards it. The egg then hatches, and a Mothra larva crawls out. Mothra leaves the lift just in time to avoid Godzilla's atomic ray, which destroys it. The two then begin fighting. Eventually, Mothra is cornered behind the ship. She then uses her silk webbing attack on Godzilla to stun him but it fails to stop him. However, Battra soon appears, and joins the fight. First he attacks Mothra and sends her flying as she tries to escape. However, one of his beams hits Godzilla, angering the mutant dinosaur. Godzilla then attacks back at Battra, with Mothra caught in the middle. The two continue to fight above water. Mothra finally gets a chance at escape, and takes it, heading back to Infant Island. However, Godzilla and Battra are still going at it. The battle is taken underwater, where it only gets fiercer. Eventually, the force of the battle causes a giant crack in the ocean's floor to open up, spewing massive amounts of magma, and opening a giant plate along the ocean's floor. This crack swallows up Godzilla and Battra. After the battle, Takuya, Andoh, Masako, and the Cosmos stay overnight at a hotel. While Andoh is drinking, Masako and Takuya have a discussion about the day's events, and about their history together. Masako awakens to discover that the Cosmos have gone missing, and immediately wakes up Takuya, who immediately realizes that Andoh took them back to Takeshi. The two take a flight back to Tokyo, where Masako meets up with their daughter, Midori Tezuka, her sister, Mayumi Fukazawa, and Professor Shigeki Fukazawa. They explain to her that the problem with the earthquake was so bad, that it is creating a large fault along the Philippine Plate. While they talk, Takuya leaves the airport. Masako then goes to the Diet to try to get them to buy the Cosmos back. They offer Takeshi all they can afford, but he turns them down. While this is happening, the Cosmos call out to Mothra and are saved. Marutomo employees discover the Cosmos are missing, and suspects the government of stealing them. Meanwhile, the government discovers that Mothra is on her way to Japan. While they are not certain of how Mothra will behave, they feel they must prepare for the worst. They set up a defense force, and put up a blockade that, if passed, would force them to send in soldiers. Mothra passes the defense force. The next day, Masako sets out with Midori and Miki Saegusa to find the Cosmos. After driving throughout the city, Miki finally hears the song that the Cosmos are using to call Mothra. She leads them to a hotel, where the child finds Takuya, who is in possession of the Cosmos, and trying to sell them. While all this is happening, Mothra is heading through the city, directly towards the hotel. After Midori begs him to release the Cosmos, and Masako berates him for taking them, Takuya reconciles, and lets the Cosmos free. The Cosmos then tell Mothra to leave the city, and not to hurt anyone else. Mothra turns around, and heads back. The forces attack again, but stop when they realize that Masako and the others are in the hotel. Mothra, behaving strangely, heads for the Diet building. A crowd soon gathers to watch what will happen next. Mothra starts building a cocoon around herself. While she does this, Miki has a telepathic sense. Godzilla is alive, and has just surfaced from Mount Fuji. The Japanese government soon confirms this. Mothra transforms into her adult form and flies away from the building. The Cosmos explain that she will go to find Battra and kill him. Battra, meantime, escapes from the magma, and surfaces. He then transforms into his adult form, and flies toward the mainland. The Japanese government is shocked. They want to avoid the apparently inevitable meeting of the three monsters, so they devise a plan. They set up a force directed out toward the ocean, which would lure Godzilla there. However, the force is defeated, and Godzilla proceeds on his original course. Meanwhile, Mothra and Battra meet up at Yokohama Cosmo World, and proceed to battle. Eventually, Battra hits Mothra with a beam, knocking her out. At this point, Godzilla shows up. Battra decides that Godzilla is a more important target, and attacks him instead. However, Godzilla soon defeats Battra. At this point, Mothra has regained enough strength to fight again, and she charges Godzilla with her antenna rays and collapses a building upon him. With Godzilla temporarily disabled, Mothra flies towards Battra, and lands in front of him. She gives him some of her life energy as the Cosmos sing, and Battra revives. The song is interrupted when Godzilla appears. Mothra takes off and flies at him. Godzilla manages to push her away, but she quickly comes back. She uses her paralyzing spore attack to immobilize Godzilla and reflect his atomic ray, trapping Godzilla. However, he uses his nuclear pulse, knocking her out. Godzilla then fires his atomic ray at a nearby Ferris wheel and attempts to collapse it onto Mothra and crush her. Battra however flies up and grabs the Ferris wheel, carrying it and crashing it into Godzilla. The two fly off to fight Godzilla. Eventually Mothra uses her spore attack once again. Battra fires his beams and strengthens the spores. Eventually, Godzilla is overwhelmed and falls to the ground. Battra and Mothra hold a brief conversation, and then set out to carry Godzilla back into the ocean. Godzilla swings his tail to prevent Mothra from grabbing it, and takes a bite into Battra's neck, crushing through Battra's armor, causing Battra's blood to spill everywhere. Mothra shocks Godzilla's tail and both monstrous insects manage to get a good hold and carry him away. Over the sea, Godzilla fires a blast of atomic breath at Battra from point blank range, killing Battra once and for all. Eventually, Mothra, tired out from her battle with Godzilla and Battra, is unable to hold on further, and drops Godzilla and the lifeless Battra into the water. The next morning, Mothra is sitting at an airport, and the Cosmos are holding a conversation with government officials, Masako, Takuya, and Midori. Apparently, Battra had been waiting around for many years for a large meteorite that would hit the Earth in the year 1999, destroying it. Battra was going to stop the meteorite, but was killed by Godzilla. Mothra, in their previous conversation, had promised that she would stop the meteorite from landing. The Cosmos then join Mothra, and the three fly off into space to divert the meteorite."] ['Reception Upon its release on video, it met negative reception with critics comparing it to the first/original. Rotten Tomatoes gave it a 14%, IMDB gave it 3.2/10.'] ['In Switzerland in 1948, a group of miners in a salt mine discover giant prehistoric rhinoceros beetles. The beetles attack the miners, and swiftly killing them. Present day, a cave tour guide John Palmer  is offered, by Vincent  and Sophia , to take a group of explorers down into the salt mine. John agrees to take the group, consisting of Vincent, Sophia, Marcel , Hanz , Carlo  and Ion , into the mine, not realizing the group are, in fact, high profile thieves who are seeking emeralds in the mine. John also takes his reluctant family, Samantha , Emily  and Miles , who stay in a cabin near the mine with one of the thieves, Stephan . John takes the group into the mine the following day. As they explore, Ion leaves the group for a cigarette. Marcel follows him and the pair get into a fight, which results in Marcel pushing Ion over a ledge, where he is attacked by one of the beetles. Meanwhile, Miles discovers the entrance to the mine and enters alone. Samantha soon notices the absence of Miles and begins to search for him, sending Emily and Stephan out to look for him also. Back in the mine, Marcel tells the group Ion fell, and persists the group continue to explore. However John demands the group leave the mine, but Marcel blackmails John, telling him he will instruct Stephan to kill Samantha and Emily if they turn back. Marcel then talks to Stephan on a walkie-talkie and tells him to tie Samantha and Emily up in the cabin. As Stephan is about to take Emily hostage, Samatha arrives and knocks him out. In the mine, the group search for the emeralds, before they are attacked by the beetles, killing Carlo. The rest of the group fend the beetles off with their guns. However a cave-in occurs, causing a crack to appear in the ground in the forest near Samantha and Emily. A number of beetles escape and begin to chase them back to the cabin. Inside, Samantha attempts to get into contact with John on the walkie talkie, however when this fails Samantha and Emily decide to leave the cabin armed with a gun, only to both be knocked unconscious by Stephan. Meanwhile, Marcel forces the group to continue to the emeralds causing tensions to run high. Marcel and Vincent get into an argument, leading Marcel to shoot Vincent dead before the survivours are once again attacked by the beetles, but manage to escape. When Samantha and Emily wake up, Stephan does not believe their warnings of the beetles, however he is soon decapitated when the beetles attack the cabin, while Samantha and Emily escape. In the mine, Miles is chased by a beetle, but is saved by John, Sophia and Hanz, while Marcel sneaks away to get the emeralds. The others catch up with Marcel as he collects the emeralds, and find a way to an exit, but Marcel believes they will send him to prison, so shoots Hanz before a beetle tears Marcel in half. John, Sophie and Miles continue their escape, while a barely alive Hanz is eventually killed by the beetles. John, Sophia and Miles reach an exit, but a queen beetle blocks their path. John shoots the queen, injuring it. On the surface, Samantha and Emily are attacked by a group of the beetles. Emily contacts John on the walkie talkie, allowing the beetles on the surface to hear the queen beetle in pain, resulting in the beetles going down into the mine. John and Miles set down explosives in the mine before they escape with Sophia as the beetles are killed in the explosions and collapse of the mine. Reaching the surface, Sophia gives John a bag of the emeralds, while taking some for herself, before leaving the re-united family.'] ["In 2000, an American military pathologist is commanding a reluctant Korean assistant to violate protocol by dumping over 200 bottles of formaldehyde down the drain, leading into the Han River. Over the next few years, there are sightings of a strange amphibious creature in the water ways. 6 years later, in Seoul, Park Gang-du  is a seemingly slow-witted man who runs a small snack-bar with his father, Hee-bong . Also with him is his brother and sister; national medalist archer, Nam-joo , and alcoholic former-activist Nam-il , as well as his daughter, Hyun-seo . While Gang-du is delivering food to some customers, he sees a crowd along the Han River. They witness a huge creature hanging from the Wonhyo Bridge, which then jumps into the water. At first, it seems as though the creature has swum away, encouraging the public to bait it back with food. Moments later, the creature rises out of the river and runs amok. Gang-du and an American man attempt to kill the creature with a metal pole but the American is killed. Gang-du grabs a girl's hand which he believes to be Hyun-seo and starts to flee. When he realises he isn't holding Hyun-seo, he turns to see the creature running towards her. The creature then snatches Hyun-seo and dives back into the river. During a mass funeral for the victims of the creature  Government representatives arrive and forcefully quarantine all those who have been in direct contact with the creature, including Gang-du and his family. The Korean government announces that the creature is not only a direct danger, but also the host of a deadly, unknown virus . While in quarantine inside a hospital, Gang-du receives a phone call from Hyun-seo, who is not dead, but trapped somewhere in the sewers by the creature. She is cut off as her phone battery runs out. Gang-du tries to explain this to others, but his protests go ignored by all except his family. All four of them then decide to escape the hospital to track down Hyun-seo. Hee-bong also buys weapons and a map of the sewers from a group of men, so they are prepared for searching for Hyun-seo. Meanwhile two brothers, Se-jin and Se-joo, are searching for food when they are attacked by the creature. They attempt to flee but are both 'eaten' by the creature. The creature then takes both brothers back to the sewers where it regurgitates both of them with only Se-Joo coming out alive. Hyun-seo sees that Se-Joo is alive and they both hide out of sight from the creature. While Gang-Du and his family are searching the sewers and streets for Hyun-Seo they are attacked by the creature. They fire at the creature but quickly run out of ammunition. Gang-du believing he has shells left in his shotgun, gives his gun to his father, at his request, so that he can attempt to hold off the creature, buying his family some time. As Hee-bong is about to fire at the creature, Gang-du realises he has miscounted his shots, and that his shotgun is empty. As he looks back to his father, Hee-bong is attacked and killed by the creature. Gang-du runs back to his father but the Army and scientists arrive and capture Gang-du. Nam-il and Nam-joo are able to hide but are separated from each other while Gang-Du is taken away, screaming in agony over his fathers death. While Nam-joo is searching through the sewers, she comes across the creature and tries to attack it with her bow. She hesitates to take a shot and the creature knocks her down into a hole, knocking her unconscious. The creature unable to reach her continues running through the sewers. Gang-du is now shown being interrogated by two scientists. They believe he is carrying the virus that the creature is carrying. They attempt to operate on him but he manages to break free. He takes one of the scientists hostage and threatens to inject her with his blood . Gang-du then escapes to continue his search for his daughter. Nam-il attempts to get help from a friend who tells him that the Government have placed a bounty on his and his families heads. While in an office building Nam-il is betrayed by his friend for the bounty. Nam-il evades capture from both his friend and the police and flees. Nam-il wakes up the next morning with a homeless man  sitting next to him. After talking they both join together to try and find Hyun-seo and kill the creature. Back in the sewers, while the creature is sleeping, Hyun-seo ties together clothes from the bodies of the dead to create a rope. She successfully latches the makeshift rope to the top of the drain but while she attempts to jump up to the rope she is caught by the creature. The creature, seemingly still sleeping, gently puts Hyun-seo back on the ground. Terrified, Hyun-seo slowly attempts to hide but the creature leaps at her and Se-joo and swallows the both of them. Meanwhile, the government announce they will release a harmful chemical called Agent Yellow, into the river and its surrounding areas, that they hope will kill the creature. People against Agent Yellow arrive starting to protest its release. Gang-du finally finds the sewers where the creature kept Hyun-seo but the creature and Hyun-seo are not there. As Gang-du climbs down into the sewer the monster passes over him. He sees Hyun-seos arm hanging out of the creatures mouth and starts to chase after it. As Gang-du is running after the creature he comes across Nam-joo and noticing that it is heading towards the protest, go after it together. As Nam-il and the homeless man arrive at the protest, and as the creature attacks, Agent Yellow is released. Agent Yellow appears to hurt the creature but doesn't kill it. As the creature is laying on the ground, Gang-du sees Hyun-seo in its mouth. He pulls her and See-jo out but Hyun-seo is revealed to have died clutching See-jo, who is still alive. In a fit of rage, Gang-du attacks the creature with a metal pole but is knocked to the ground. Nam-il and the homeless man then come to Gang-dus aid, with Nam-il throwing Molotov cocktails at the creature. The homeless man climbs up to the platform above the creature and starts to pour petrol onto it but as Nam-il goes to throw his last bottle he drops it. Nam-joo then picks up the flaming cloth from the bottle with one of her arrows and fires it at the creature, hitting it in its eye. The creature bursts into flames and attempts to run to the Han river when Gang-du appears from behind one of the bridges pillars, with the metal pole in hand, and impales the creature in its mouth, finally killing it. As Nam-il and Nam-joo hold Hyun-seo, mourning her death, Gang-du walks over to See-jo and picks him up, taking him away from the protest and to safety. Time passes and Gang-du is living with Se-joo in his food stand. At night, Gang-du believes he sees something in the distance, picking up a shotgun, but then realises it was nothing. Gang-du and See-jo then sit down to have something to eat, while a news broadcast about the monster attack on the TV is on. The film ends with See-jo asking Gang-du to turn the TV off so they can concentrate on eating."] ['Captain Joe Ryan is salvaging for treasure off the seas of Pacific Ocean, when an undersea volcano erupts and causes a big wave. The ship was hit and Captain Ryan and his crews were forced to go into Nara Island for repairs. But when they arrive, many fishes and other marine animals\' dead body was found, and they\'re like after being eaten by something. So, maybe the eruption had awakened something more awful. In the night, a roar was heard and all the villagers and the crews awake. They found a giant, blackish reptilian creature rising from the ocean, and devastates the village with fireballs. One of Ryan\'s companions, Sammy "Sam" Slade, try to attack the monster with a shotgun, but he gets eaten by the monster. The crews run to their ship, and successfully escapes. When they arrive to their homeland, Ireland, they show the photo Ryan taken of the creature to Professor Hendricks Albert, and he saids it was Gorgo, an ancient dinosaur species who is capable of breathing fireballs. This was the last of the kind, and they try to warn governor Sean, but in the dawn Gorgo surfaces from the coasts and wreaks havoc in Ireland. The giant monster almost devastates the whole city because tanks and gunfires are no avail, but returns to the sea. Now, Governor Sean believes everything and dispatches more military to subdue the monster. Harvey McCartin, a reporter interviews Captain Joe Ryan, and said the creature can destroy the world, because he had seen it himself. Finally, Gorgo surfaces in the night, and this is their final battle with the monster. A fierce battle ensues, but a final plan was devised. They set a bomb, and plants it into a military fighter jet. The pilot then shoots it to Gorgo, and the monster was flung. The dinosaur is thrown into the sea, but his head comes out from the water, and shoots a fireball that destroys the fighter jet. After that, Gorgo returns to the sea, retreating to take a rest, hibernating underwater, after the fierce battle......'] ['Dr. Neil Hamilton  receives a call from his old professor Dr. Kate Travis  about a patient of hers, a boy named Bobby. Bobby was given an experimental growth serum Travis had developed. The problem is a side effect of the serum. Bobby has not only grown, but has also become violent and difficult to control. Neil takes a sample of the growth serum back to his university lab, which is being protested by animal-rights activists led by Mark Hales  and Alex Reed , who is also Neil\'s girlfriend. The group has problems with the work of Prof. Edmund Delhurst ([[Colin Fox , who claims to study cancer, actually experiments on animals to find a cure for baldness. Neil and his assistant Joshua  test the growth serum on some lab rats. Later that night, the activists  break into the university. They trash Delhurst\'s lab and Break into Niel\'s lab, accidentally setting free the now-giant rats, which kill Mark and escape into the campus\' utility tunnels. Despite testimony from the surviving activists as well as Neil\'s own admission that he used a growth hormone, police Lieutenant Weizel  does not believe their story. Dean White  hires a pair of exterminators to handle what he believes are only normal rats. The rats kill several people, including one of the exterminators and the rest of the activists named Al and Angie, who tried to hunt the animals down themselves. The rest of the victims include Delhurst\'s assistant, a janitor named Zeke, and three studants. Although Lieutenant Weizel now believes the story, Dean White is still skeptical. He refuses to shut the campus down because of an upcoming grand opening of a new sports complex. Alex and Niel also start to become romantically involved. When Joshua is killed because of White\'s denial, Neil attacks the Dean and is fired. Suspicious of Neil\'s "side project", Edmund Delhurst takes the growth formula samples. He dies when he tests it on a sample of dog cancer cells, cutting his finger and contaminating his blood with the cancer cells and growth serum. He transforms into one giant mass of cancerous tumors. Neil breaks back into the university, develops an antidote and tests it out on the tumorous mass that was once Delhurst. Meanwhile, the rats attack the swimming competition being held in the new sports complex, killing several people, including Dean White. Weizel and his men arrive and, with Neil\'s assistance, lures the rats into the university courtyard, where they gun them all down including Niel\'s pet female rat, whom he used as bait for the males. With the carnage over, Neil phones Dr. Travis to inform her of the completed antidote, but it is too late. The now-psychotic and much bigger Bobby kills Travis while she is on the phone, and escapes.'] 