[" The Galactic Republic is in turmoil. Following the invasion of Naboo ten years earlier, the former Jedi Knight Count Dooku  has now organized a Separatist movement against the Republic. The Galactic Senate debates a plan to create an army for the Republic to assist the Jedi against the Separatist threat. Senator Padmé Amidala, the former queen of Naboo and now a politician, returns to Coruscant to cast her vote. Upon her arrival, she narrowly escapes an assassination attempt, and Supreme Chancellor Palpatine assigns Obi-Wan Kenobi and his apprentice Anakin Skywalker  to protect her. Obi-Wan and Anakin subdue the assassin, Zam Wessell, during another assassination attempt. However, before she can give them any information, the assassin is killed by her employer using a poisonous dart. Obi-Wan learns that the dart was manufactured on the remote ocean planet of Kamino, and is assigned to investigate, while Anakin is assigned to escort Padmé back to her home planet of Naboo. Anakin relishes the opportunity to spend time with her, and they fall in love. In investigating Kamino, Obi-Wan discovers that it has been removed from the navigation maps of the Jedi archives. Yoda reveals that such a thing could only have been done by a Jedi, suggesting that a conspiracy is afoot. Obi-Wan heads to Kamino, where he discovers that an army of clone troopers is being secretly produced for the Republic, using a bounty hunter named Jango Fett  as their genetic template. Realizing that Jango is the assassin's employer, Obi-Wan tracks Jango and his son Boba  to Geonosis, a rocky planet where a new droid army is being created. Meanwhile, on Naboo, Anakin becomes troubled by premonitions of his mother Shmi in pain. Despite Obi-Wan's orders to remain on Naboo, Anakin and Padmé go to Tatooine. After meeting his new stepfather, Cliegg Lars ([[Jack Thompson , and stepbrother Owen Lars , Anakin learns Shmi had been kidnapped by Tusken Raiders some weeks earlier. Anakin heads out alone to rescue Shmi, but the Jedi snaps after witnessing the death of his mother at the hands of the Tuskens. He kills the tribe in a rage and buries his mother's body at the Lars homestead. Having learned that Count Dooku authorized the assassination attempt on Padmé and that the Separatists are developing a new battle droid army, Obi-Wan relays this information via hologram to Anakin, who transmits it to the Jedi Council. However, Obi-Wan is captured by Dooku mid-transmission. Dooku unsuccessfully attempts to make an ally of Obi-Wan, and reveals to him that the Republic is being secretly controlled by Darth Sidious. While Anakin and Padmé head to Geonosis to rescue Obi-Wan, Chancellor Palpatine is granted emergency powers to organize the clone army and send them into battle. Shortly after arriving on Geonosis, Anakin and Padmé are captured by Jango and sentenced to be executed along with Obi-Wan. Anakin and Padmé profess their love before being led into a large gladiatorial arena where they and Obi-Wan are pitted against gigantic beasts in a public execution. However, Mace Windu  and a team of Jedi appear and lead a strong defense against the beasts and the Separatists. Windu kills Jango Fett in a brief battle, but then the Jedi find themselves outnumbered by the Separatists' droid army. As Dooku demands their surrender, Yoda arrives with the clone army and rescues the survivors of the battle. After the arena is emptyed, Boba recovers the decapitated head of his father, and swears revenge for him. As a large battle erupts between the Republic's clone army and the Separatists' droid forces, Obi-Wan and Anakin engage Dooku in a lightsaber duel. Dooku defeats them both, injuring Obi-Wan and severing Anakin's right arm, but then Yoda arrives to challenge the Count. Unable to defeat Yoda, Dooku flees in his ship to Coruscant, taking the blueprints for an ultimate weapon with him. He is met in an isolated hangar by his Sith master, Darth Sidious, who states that everything is going as planned now that the galaxy is at war. As the Jedi gravely acknowledge the start of the Clone Wars, Palpatine oversees the launching of several battalions of clone troopers. Meanwhile, Anakin– now fitted with an artificial arm– and Padmé secretly marry on Naboo, with C-3PO and R2-D2 as witnesses."] ['In AD 180, General Maximus Decimus Meridius  leads the Roman army to a decisive victory against Germanic tribes at Vindobona, ending a long war on the Roman frontier and earning the esteem of the elderly Emperor Marcus Aurelius . Though he has a son, Commodus , the dying emperor wishes to grant temporary leadership to Maximus, hoping eventually to return power to the Roman Senate. When his father tells him of the decision, Commodus, already bitter that Marcus favors Maximus over him, murders his father in a fit of rage and claims the throne. Maximus realizes the truth about Marcus\' death, but is betrayed by his friend, General Quintus , who reluctantly instructs the Praetorian guards to carry out Commodus\' order to execute Maximus and his wife  and son . Maximus manages to escape, but is unable to return in time to save his family. After burying them, Maximus is found unconscious by slave traders and taken to Zucchabar, a Roman city in North Africa. There, he is bought by Proximo , and forced to fight for his life as a gladiator in arena tournaments. During this time, he befriends gladiators Juba , and Hagen . Juba tells Maximus to have faith that he will be reunited with his family in the afterlife. Maximus proves a fierce gladiator; with nothing left to live for, he is fearless in the arena. He ultimately reaches the prestigious Roman Colosseum, where his group is contracted to fight in a tribute to the Battle of Zama. Concealing his identity with a helmet, he skillfully leads a band of gladiators to defeat an opposing chariot and archer force, earning the crowd\'s praise. Forced to reveal himself to a stunned Commodus in the arena afterward, the crowd votes to spare his life, and Commodus, being obsessed with the people\'s approval, appeases them by doing so. Maximus later wins against the undefeated gladiator Tigris, as well as tigers released into the arena, yet refuses to obey Commodus\' command to perform the coup de grâce. As a result, he is declared "Maximus the Merciful" by the crowd, increasing his popularity and further frustrating Commodus, who cannot kill Maximus without losing favor with the Roman people. Following the fight, Maximus is told by his former servant Cicero ([[Tommy Flanagan  that his army is still loyal to him. Maximus then conspires with Commodus\' sister Lucilla  and the senator Gracchus  to rejoin with his army and topple Commodus by force. Commodus, however, suspects his sister of betrayal and forces her to reveal the plot using veiled threats against her young son Lucius . During Maximus\'s attempted escape, Commodus\' guards attack Proximo\'s gladiator school, killing Hagen and Proximo. Juba and the survivors are imprisoned, but Maximus makes it to the city walls, where he is captured after a failed attempt to save Cicero. Desperate to get Maximus out of the way and prove his own greatness, Commodus arranges a duel with him in the arena. Unknown to the crowd, Commodus stabs a restrained Maximus with a stiletto to gain advantage over him before they enter the arena. During the fight, Maximus manages to disarm Commodus, while Quintus disobeys the emperor\'s demand for his sword and commands his soldiers to do the same. Commodus then produces the hidden stiletto, but Maximus plunges the blade into Commodus\' throat, killing him. With his dying words, Maximus carries out Marcus Aurelius\' wishes, calling for Gracchus to be reinstated, the slaves to be freed, and power to be restored to the Senate. As he dies, Maximus reunites with his family in the afterlife. Lucilla then reiterates his wishes and honors his memory. Some time later, Juba buries Maximus\' two small figurines of his wife and son in the ground where his friend Maximus died, promising to see him in the afterlife, "but not yet".'] ["Shortly before the crucifixion of Christ, Pontius Pilate offers to release either Jesus Christ or Barabbas in keeping with the local custom. As the Bible story goes, Barabbas is the one the crowd chooses. Barabbas leaves and returns to his friends; his friends are glad to see him, but Barabbas wants to know where his lover Rachel is. They inform him that Rachel had changed while he was away, and was following the teachings of Christ. Rachel soon returns, but she is not overjoyed to see Barabbas again. During their reunion Christ is crucified. As Christ dies the sky turns dark. Shaken by this, Barabbas goes to witness the crucifixion. Afterwards he goes to witness Christ being sealed in the tomb. On the third morning, Barabbas goes to the tomb to find it open, and Christ gone. Rachel tells him that Christ has risen, but Barabbas dismisses this as illusion, or that his followers had taken his body. He goes to see the Apostle Peter and Christ's other followers demanding to know what happened to the body&nbsp;&ndash; they do not know where he is but do believe he is risen. Rachel begins to teach others in Jerusalem about Christ and an impending, fiery end of the world. Soon, Rachel's teachings lead to her being stoned to death by the same priests who had Jesus crucified. When Barabbas comes across them later while robbing a caravan, he assaults one of them with stones, and while doing this is arrested by Roman troops. Pilate decides not to execute Barabbas, but instead sentences him to a life sentence in the sulfur mines of Sicily. Barabbas is taken to the mines, where a medallion designating him the property of the Emperor is placed around his neck. He manages to survive a hellish existence for the next twenty years in the mines. Eventually he is chained to Sahak, who was sent to the mines in punishment for letting slaves escape. Sahak, which is an Armenian name, was also a Christian and had carved a cross on the back of his medallion. At first, Sahak hates him, but the two men eventually become friends. After some time Sahak becomes too weak to work, and is about to be killed - but the mine is destroyed in an earthquake. Sahak and Barabbas are the only survivors. After they recover from their injuries they are sent to the fields to work. As the only survivors of the disaster, they catch the eye of Julia, the wife of the local prefect. The local prefect is due to leave for Rome to become a Senator. Julia insists that Barabbas and Sahak be brought along to Rome for good luck. Once in Rome, the men are trained to become gladiators by Torvald &nbsp;&ndash; the top gladiator in Rome. Just after one of the gladiatorial events Sahak is overheard speaking about his faith in Christ's sacrificial death, and the renovation of the world by God's fire, and he is executed by Torvald for treason. The next day Torvald and Barabbas battle in the arena, with Barabbas winning. Impressed with Barabbas, the Roman Emperor Nero sets him free. Barabbas recovers the remains of Sahak, and takes his body to the catacombs, where the local Christians are worshiping, for a proper burial. Barabbas is separated from the Christians within the catacombs, and becomes lost while trying to find his way out. When he eventually emerges from the catacombs, Rome is on fire. Upon entering the city, Barabbas is told that the Christians started the fire. Believing that the end of the world has come , Barabbas begins to set aflame more buildings. Barabbas is confronted by Roman soldiers and he tells them that he is a follower of Christ. Barabbas is imprisoned with several other Christians, one of whom is Peter. Peter corrects Barabbas' mistaken intentions of continuing the burning of Rome. Afterwards, the Christians are executed en masse by crucifixion, in the persecutions that followed the fire. Throughout his life Barabbas was reputed as the man who could not die; having finally placed faith in Christ, he dies."] ['The film begins with a clip from the previous film, showing its central characters Marcellus and Diana going to be martyred for their Christian beliefs on the order of the Emperor Caligula. Before being executed, Diana hands the robe to Marcellus\' servant Marcipor, telling him that it is "for the Big Fisherman," meaning Peter, who was a fisherman before being called as an apostle. Peter hands the robe to Demetrius while at the funeral of Marcellus and Diana before leaving on a journey to live in \'the north\'. Caligula becomes interested in the robe, thinking that it is has magic powers and will bring him the \'eternal life\' that Jesus had spoken of. He accosts his uncle Claudius, wanting to know what had happened to it. Demetrius, looking out for his Lucia and the robe and refusing to reveal its location, is arrested for assaulting a Roman soldier, and sentenced to the arena. Meanwhile, Lucia disguises herself to gain entrance to the gladiator school to see Demetrius. However, the two are forcibly separated on orders of Messalina, Claudius\' wife. Lucia is then assaulted by Dardanius and the other gladiators, forcibly kissing her and trying to carry her to private chambers. Demetrius in desperation prays for God to save her, and suddenly it appears that Dardanius has broken Lucia\'s neck. All present are shocked at Lucia\'s apparent death, especially Demetrius, and he loses all his faith in the god of Jesus Christ. Previously, he had refused to avoided killing anyone in the Emperor\'s games, because of his religion, but all that now changes. His next time in the arena, not only does he fight, but he ferociously kills all the gladiators that took part in the attack on Lucia. The Roman spectators, including the Emperor, are thrilled. Demetrius is freed, and allowed to join the Praetorian Guard. Caligula asks if Demetrius renounces Christ; he does, and once Demetrius does this, Caligula frees him and inducts him into the guard with the rank of Tribune. As a Tribune, Demetrius rejects the teachings of Christ , beginning an affair with Messalina. When Peter comes to visit them, he turns him away too. The affair continues for several months, and eventually Caligula finds out about it. Demetrius takes the robe to the Emperor, who takes the robe down below to a prisoner. He has the prisoner killed, and tries to resurrect him. Furious that he cannot, Caligula accuses Demetrius of having brought him a fake, and that both the robe and Christ are frauds. Demetrius is taken back to the arena. When the Emperor tries to have Demetrius executed, the Praetorian Guard  finally turns against Caligula and kills first Macro, the prefect of the Praetorian Guard, then Caligula. Claudius is installed as Emperor by the Praetorian Guard almost immediately after Caligula is killed. Demetrius is taken to a small house, where he is surprised to find Lucia\'s body, lying on a bed. He finds out that she never had died, after all, but that when he prayed for God to save her, her sudden coma had accomplished her rescue. Now, months later, she is still unconscious. Demetrius realizes he has made a mistake, prays to the Christian God after placing the robe on Lucia\'s body, and she wakes up. Soon after his installation, Claudius says that he is neither a god, nor would he likely become one anytime soon. Claudius says that he maintained the appearance of being weak to survive Caligula\'s rule, and that he would now take on the role of Emperor to the best of his ability. He gives Demetrius his final orders as a Tribune, to go to Peter and the other Christians, and tell them that as long as they do not act against the Empire that they have nothing to fear from Claudius. Messalina re-vows her constancy to her husband. Demetrius and Glycon  take the robe to Peter, and they leave the Imperial palace together.'] ["The movie starts with Varinia , a Gaul women and her village being attacked by the Romans. Her entire village is taken into slavery, and she is sold to Lentulus Batiatus . Spartacus , a thracian slave condemned to the mines, attempts to protect another slave. Spartacus is nearly crucified before Batiatus purchases the man. Spartacus and a handfull of other slaves are brought to Batiatus' Ludus to be trained as gladiators. Spartacus and the other slaves are brought to the Gladiators to eat, where he meets Nardo , Draba  and David , before a fight breaks out between Draba and Gannicus , they are stopped by their trainer Cinna"] 