['Wealthy publisher Britt Reid and his trusted Asian servant disguise themselves as the vigilantes; The Green Hornet, and his faithful servant, Kato as they battle the growing power of a ruthless Crime Lord Boss Crogan and his varied rackets across the city. All of which have strong links to foreign powers...'] ["Vic Hardy, a scientist working for Jim Fairfield's aviation company, is kidnapped by Jason Grood's gang after discovering radiation emitting from their secret island base. Grood intends to conquer the world and forces Hardy to assist him. Fairfield, along with his niece and nephew and, most importantly, the hero of the title, attempt to rescue Hardy and stop Grood's plans. They are assisted by the native tribe living on the island, led by Princess Alura."] ['Newspaper publisher Britt Reid, secretly The Green Hornet, and his Korean valet Kato investigate and expose several seemingly separate rackets. This leads them into continued conflict with the Leader, the criminal mastermind behind the Syndicate and the individual crimes.'] ["# The Planet of Peril #: The planet Mongo is on a collision course with Earth. Dr. Alexis Zarkov takes off in a rocket ship to Mongo, with Flash Gordon and Dale Arden as his assistants. They find that the planet is ruled by the cruel Emperor Ming, who lusts after Dale and sends Flash to fight in the arena. Ming's daughter, Princess Aura, tries to spare Flash's life. # The Tunnel of Terror #: Aura helps Flash to escape as Zarkov is put to work in Ming's laboratory and Dale is prepared for her wedding to Ming. Flash meets Prince Thun, leader of the Lion Men, and the pair return to the palace to rescue Dale. # Captured by Shark Men #: Flash stops the wedding ceremony, but he and Dale are captured by King Kala, ruler of the Shark Men and a loyal follower of Ming. At Ming's order, Kala forces Flash to fight with a giant octosak in a chamber filling with water. # Battling the Sea Beast #: Aura and Thun rescue Flash from the octosak. Trying to keep Flash away from Dale, Aura destroys the mechanisms that regulate the underwater city. # The Destroying Ray #: Flash, Dale, Aura and Thun escape from the underwater city, but are captured by King Vultan and the Hawkmen. Dr. Zarkov befriends Prince Barin, and they race to the rescue. # Flaming Torture #: Dale pretends to fall in love with King Vultan in order to save Flash, Barin and Thun, who are put to work in the Hawkmen's Atom Furnaces. # Shattering Doom #: Flash, Barin, Thun and Zarkov create an explosion in the atomic furnaces. # Tournament of Death #: Dr. Zarkov saves the Hawkmen's city from falling, earning Flash and his friends King Vultan's gratitude. Ming insists that Flash fight a Tournament of Death against a masked opponent, revealed to be Barin, and then a vicious orangopoid. # Fighting the Fire Dragon #: Flash survives the tournament with Aura's help, after she discovers the weak point of the orangopoid. Still determined to win Flash, Aura has him drugged to make him lose his memory. # The Unseen Peril #: Flash recovers his memory. Ming is determined to have Flash executed. # In the Claws of the Tigron #: Zarkov invents a machine that makes Flash invisible. Flash torments Ming and his guards. Barin hides Dale in the catacombs, but Aura has her tracked by a tigron. # Trapped in the Turret #: Aura realizes the error of her ways, and falls in love with Barin. She tries to help Flash and his friends to return to Earth&nbsp;— but Ming plots to kill them. # Rocketing to Earth #: Ming orders that the Earth people be caught and killed, but Flash and his friends escape from the Emperor's clutches, and Ming is apparently killed in a crematorium. Flash, Dale and Zarkov make a triumphant return to Earth.Copied from Wikia&nbsp;– Flash Gordon, 17th July 2007"] ['The mill of an old woman and her ward, Faith Newton , is being terrorized by the masked menace of the title known as "Still Face". The women are helped by a man named Keats Dodd . The masked villain\'s identity is revealed in the final chapter.'] ['An escaped criminal, known as Harry Crowl, but preferring to be called by his prison number 39013 , seeks revenge on the man who sent him to prison, millionaire philanthropist Horace Granville. He kidnaps Granville, imprisoning him within his own house, and disguises himself to take Granville\'s place, as the frail old man in a clean room, necessary for his health. The only other person allowed past the glass barrier being his doctor. He then sets about methodically destroying everything Granville owns. When we enter the film, he has already destroyed a number of Granville properties, and has set his sights on the Granville Amusement Centre, at which a trio of acrobats is performing. The daredevils, Gene, Bert, and Tiny escape but Gene\'s kid brother is badly wounded in the blaze, and later dies of his injuries. Seeking revenge they take jobs as private investigators for the man they believe to be Horace Granville. Through a series of deadly traps, and with the help of a mysterious cloaked figure, known only as "The Red Circle", the daredevils begin to unravel the truth. In the first chapter, we are introduced to all the above facts, and even shown the secret room within the Granville estates where 39013 is keeping the real Granville. He is kept in a cell, the exact duplicate of the one in which 39013 resided for his abruptly ended sentence. This room is trapped, so that in the event that 39013 does not return, a dripping reservoir will run dry. The loss of weight will tip the scale, causing deadly gas capsules to break upon the floor, killing Granville in a very short time. This causes him to spout the characteristic line, "You best hope I continue to live, Granville."'] ['Dick Tracy\'s foe for this serial is the crime boss and Masked Mystery Villain The Spider/The Lame One  and his Spider Ring. In the process of various crimes, including using his Flying wing and sound weapon to destroy the Bay Bridge in San Francisco and stealing an experimental "Speed Plane", the Spider captures Dick Tracy\'s brother, Gordon. The Spider\'s minion, Dr. Moloch, performs a brain operation on Gordon Tracy to turn him evil, making him secretly part of the Spider Ring and so turning brother against brother.'] ['Nyoka, with Larry Grayson, attempt to discover the Golden Tablets of Hippocrates. This, along with the value of the gold and the treasure it was buried with, contains the medical knowledge of the Ancients. Also hunting for the tablets are Queen Vultura  and Cassib.'] ["A fictional chemical element called nitron is vanishing from Earth's atmosphere, causing hurricanes and other meteorological disasters. Dr. Zarkov and Flash discover that a raybeam from Mars is the source of the nitron depletion. A dopey newspaper reporter, Happy Hapgood, stows away on their rocket when Flash, Zarkov and Dale Arden go to Mars to investigate. There, they discover that Azura, Queen of Mars, is working with Ming the Merciless to conquer Earth. All of the Martians who oppose her partnership with Ming have been changed into clay humanoids, forced to live underground in caverns beneath Mars' surface. The four earthling take refuge in one of these caverns and team up with the Clay King to destroy the Nitron Lamp that is draining Earth's atmosphere. They also agree to help restore the Clay People to their human form and together, defeat Azura and Ming."] ['Gene Autry  is a singing cowboy who runs Radio Ranch, a dude ranch from which he makes a daily live radio broadcast at 2:00 pm. Gene has two kid sidekicks, Frankie Baxter  and Betsy Baxter , who lead a club, the Junior Thunder Riders, in which the kids play at being armored knights of an unknown civilization, the mysterious Thunder Riders who make a sound like thunder when they ride. The kids, dressing up in capes and water-bucket helmets, play at riding "To the rescue!" . A chance to become real heroes occurs when Betsy, Frankie, and Gene are kidnapped by the real Thunder Riders from the super-scientific underground empire of Murania, complete with towering buildings, robots, ray-guns, elevator tubes that extend miles from the surface, and the icy, blonde, evil Queen Tika. On the surface, criminals led by Professor Beetson plan to invade Murania and seize its radium wealth, while in Murania, a group of revolutionaries plots to overthrow Queen Tika. The inhabitants of Murania are the lost tribe of Mu, who went underground in the last glacial period 100,000 years ago, and now live in a fantastically advanced city 25,000 feet below the surface. They cannot now breathe the air at ground level and must wear oxygen masks.  The Thunder Guard emerges to the surface world from a cave with a huge rock door that swings up like a garage door. Both Muranians and Professor Beetson want to get rid of Autry, so he loses his radio contract and Radio Ranch is vacated.Magers 2007, pp. 23–24.'] ['A deadly plague is ravaging the Earth, known as the Purple Death because of the spot left on victims\' foreheads. Ming the Merciless is suspected to be behind the plague and it is discovered that his spaceships have been dropping "Death Dust" in the Earth\'s atmosphere. Flash Gordon, along with Dr. Alexis Zarkov and Dale Arden, is sent to the planet Mongo to find a possible cure for the plague. They eventually find an antidote, called polarite in the Kingdom of Frigia. Flash and Zarkov distribute the antidote the same way the original Death Dust was spread. Ming sends an army of robot bombs after the three and he succeeds in capturing Zarkov for a short time before Flash frees him. The trio continue to battle Ming and his allies. Ming\'s Captain Torch is the "head villain" of this serial. He is in charge of stopping the Earthlings. Before Flash and his team leaves, they kill Ming by locking him in a tower and crashing a rocket ship loaded with Solarite into it. Prince Barin takes his rightful place as ruler of Mongo. Ming\'s last words are "I am the universe!". Zarkov announces that Flash Gordon has conquered the universe.'] 