["The film is based on Raj ([[Govinda  who has a girlfriend, supermodel Dolly , and a wife, Kiran . Raj fires Mangu , a cook, because he does not like him. To take revenge, Mangu takes a picture of Raj with Dolly and gives it to Kiran. Kiran gets suspicious but then Raj says that Dolly is not his girlfriend. He says that there are three people in the picture, Raj, Dolly and Govardhan . Raj tells Kiran that the guy, who came into the picture as he was walking by, is Dolly's boyfriend and tells Govardhan to live with Dolly for a couple of days so Kiran's suspicions will go away. Govardhan gets really troubled when Dolly's ex-boyfriend Diesel  shows up and threatens Govardhan that, when he finds out who Dolly's boyfriend is, Diesel will beat him up. Meanwhile, Kiran has a detective  follow Dolly and Govardhan. The twist in the story comes when Kiran tells Raj that she is going to Puna to meet her mom, when she's actually making a plan with the detective to catch Dolly and Raj red-handed. As soon as Kiran leaves, Raj calls and books the presidential suite at a hotel for Dolly and him, just like Kiran expected. While Dolly and Raj are enjoying themselves, Kiran's detective starts his job. But he gets crushed by the window as he is trying to climb into Raj and Dolly's room. When Raj and Dolly notice, they call Govardhan to help get rid of the body because they think he is dead. Just as Govardhan shows up, so does Dolly's ex, Diesel. While trying to get rid of the body, Raj's ex-cook, Mangu, shows up . The story takes a twist when they discover that the detective is alive. Lucky for them, he has lost him memory from the fall he suffered. Raj tells him he is John Matthews and he is married. Dolly tells him he is John Matthews and divorced. Govardhan tells him he is John Matthews, still a bachelor. Mangu tells him he is his friend and that he has a memory problem; under this pretense, he takes his watch and necklace saying that he forgot that Mangu actually gave it to him. Diesel runs into Govardhan and is about to beat him up when he tells him that Raj is her boyfriend. When Diesel runs into Raj, he tells him Govardhan is Dolly's boyfriend. Govardhan finds Dolly and tells her that instead of lying about love, she should be with the one who really loves her, Diesel. Dolly agrees and hugs Govardhan telling him he is a good guy. Unfortunately, Diesel mistakes the situation and starts to beat up Govardhan. Dolly saves Govardhan by telling Diesel that Govardhan convinced her to go back to him. Dolly leaves with Diesel. Govardhan goes back to his sick mother in the hospital.  He agrees to marry the woman of his mother's choice, Mala  the nurse taking care of her. And Raj convinces Kiran that nothing is going on and they go home as well. In the midst of all this, the detective gets his memory back and goes to Kiran with the proof of her husband's infidelity. As he gets there, Kiran and Raj are about to leave for a second honeymoon. When the detective sees the love between Kiran and Raj, he loses hope and throws the camera with the proof of Raj and Dolly's affair. The camera lands on Kiran's foot, and she sees the pictures. The story ends with Raj crying and living all alone."] ['Jim Hardy , Ted Hanover , and Lila Dixon  have a musical act popular in the New York City nightlife scene. On Christmas Eve, Jim prepares to give his last performance as part of the act before marrying Lila and retiring with her to a farm in Connecticut. At the last minute, Lila decides she is not ready to stop performing, and that she has fallen in love with Ted. She tells Jim that she will stay on as Ted\'s dancing partner. While heartbroken, Jim follows through with his plan and bids the act goodbye. One year later on Christmas Eve, Jim is back in New York City. Farm life has proven difficult and he plans to turn his farm into an entertainment venue called "Holiday Inn", which will only be open on holidays. Ted and his agent Danny Reed  scoff at the plan, but wish him luck. Later at the airport flower shop, while ordering flowers for Lila from Ted, Danny is accosted by employee Linda Mason  who recognizes him as a talent agent and begs him for a start in show business. Danny refers her to Holiday Inn and gives her a pass to Ted\'s club. That night, Linda sits at the performer\'s table with Jim, who pretends he owns a big club and isn\'t sure he could use an act like Hanover and Dixon. Linda pretends she\'s a celebrity and friend of Ted\'s, then escapes when the two performers come to Jim\'s table. The next morning, Christmas Day, Linda arrives at Holiday Inn, where she meets Jim—both realizing they were fooling each other the previous evening. Jim is preparing the place for New Year\'s Eve, and they take to one another immediately. Jim sings her his new song, "White Christmas", a song he would have performed had the inn been open that night. Later that week, on New Year\'s Eve, Holiday Inn opens to a packed house. Meanwhile in New York City, Ted learns that Lila is leaving him for a Texas millionaire. Drinking heavily, he drives up to Holiday Inn to talk with Jim, arriving at midnight. While wandering aimlessly across the dance floor, Ted sees Linda, who remembers him from Christmas Eve. They dance, with Ted bringing down the house despite his inebriated state. Danny arrives just as the dance ends and is ecstatic that Ted found a new partner. The next morning, however, Ted remembers very little and doesn\'t remember Linda at all. Jim doesn\'t say anything and hides Linda away, afraid that Ted will steal her away from the inn. At the next performance, Lincoln\'s Birthday, Ted and Danny return to Holiday Inn in search of Linda. Jim is ready for them and decides to run the night\'s big minstrel show number "Abraham" with disguised performers, including Linda, in an effort to foil the search. While applying Linda\'s blackface makeup, Jim asks if she will stay with him between holidays, and Linda takes this as a proposal. Having come up empty, Ted and Danny will not give up and plan to be back for the next holiday. During rehearsals for the Valentine\'s Day performance, Jim presents Linda with a unique Valentine, a new song called "Be Careful, It\'s My Heart". While singing the song with his back to her, Linda begins dancing alone, and as Ted enters, he spots Linda and launches into an impromptu romantic dance with her. Convinced that Linda is the girl he danced with on New Year\'s Eve, Ted demands that Jim provide a number for them to perform on the next holiday, and Jim reluctantly agrees. On Washington\'s Birthday, Ted and Linda perform in elaborate eighteenth century period costumes while Jim attempts to sabotage their dance, changing the tempo from a minuet to jazz every time the couple attempts to kiss. Afterward, Ted asks Linda to join him as his new dance partner. Linda refuses, saying she has promised to stay at the inn and that she and Jim are to be married. When Ted asks him about the marriage, Jim plays it off, but Ted is unconvinced, telling Danny he will continue to pursue Linda. At Easter, romance continues to blossom between Jim and Linda as they travel home from church in a carriage. When they reach the inn, Ted is sitting on the porch waiting from them. Ted asks Jim if he can remain in his shows, claiming he wants to experience "the true happiness" they\'ve found at the inn. While Linda is charmed, Jim is suspicious. Jim\'s suspicions are confirmed on Independence Day when he overhears Ted and Danny discussing an offer Ted received from Hollywood representatives, who will attend that night\'s show and determine if Ted and Linda are suitable for motion pictures. Desperate, Jim bribes hired hand Gus  to ensure that Linda does not arrive at the inn. After Gus drives the inn\'s car into a creek attempting to delay her, Linda tries to return to the inn and is picked up by Lila, who left the Texas millionaire after his tax problems were revealed. Lila tells Linda, who is pretending to be a waitress, about the studio tryout and that Lila will be Ted\'s partner. Assuming that Jim arranged for her to take Linda\'s place, Linda directs Lila into the same river. Back at the inn, Ted is forced to perform a solo dance. When Linda eventually makes her way to the inn, she finds that Ted has impressed the studio honchos with his improvised solo and the opportunity stands. Irritated with Jim for not trusting her to make her own decision, Linda takes the offer and leaves for Hollywood. The producers want to make a film about Holiday Inn, and Jim reluctantly agrees. At Thanksgiving, the inn is closed and Jim is deeply depressed, barely touching the turkey dinner prepared by his housekeeper Mamie . Jim is prepared to mail to Hollywood a recording of his new Thanksgiving song, but, before he does, he plays it on a record player and makes negative comments over the positive ones in the recording. Realizing what is wrong and ignoring decorum, Mamie implores him to travel to California to win Linda back by telling her how he really feels. Jim arrives at the studio on Christmas Eve, just as Ted is preparing to leave with Linda to get married. Jim confronts Ted in his dressing room, then locks him in it. Before Linda films the final scene for her movie, which features a recreation of Holiday Inn, Jim walks around the set with the director, who boasts it is the most exact recreation ever created for a motion picture. Jim leaves his pipe on the set\'s piano and hides nearby. Linda enters the room and sits at the piano, performing "White Christmas". Startled by the pipe\'s presence, she falters, then continues as Jim\'s voice joins her. Jim appears and Linda runs to him as the director yells "cut". Meanwhile, Ted and Danny learn of Jim\'s plan, but they are too late to stop him. At Holiday Inn on New Year\'s Eve, Ted is reunited with Lila, who is ready and willing to perform with him again. Jim and Linda prepare to stay together and run the inn.'] ['A mostly-deserted island, which is believed to be the home to the fountain of youth, is off the coast of Florida. The island gets some visitors in the form of a teenage boy band, "the Wild Ones", and their gang of swimsuit-clad young people, who head there in a crowded powerboat ostensibly for a scavenger hunt. However, they spend about half their screen time crooning to each other, or dancing on the beach. The island\'s wealthy owner, Wellington  recruits his blonde bombshell daughter, Junior , to remove the teenagers from the island. Junior is eager to see her love interest , rotund toupee-wearing botanist Irving . However, Irving is more interested in flowers and his bicycle than in the amorous Junior. Wellington asks Irving to spy on the teenagers, which he does by donning a sweatshirt that reads "Fink University", and "getting their trust" by joining them in dancing the Turtle. Meanwhile, Irving\'s twin brother Herman , Wellington\'s trusted employee, plots with his love interest, the scheming harridan Camille Salamander  to find the fountain of youth first.'] ["The Queen of Paradise Island, a tiny uncharted isle somewhere in the Atlantic Ocean , is not happy. The town crier of the all-female hive-like colony  has just reported that there have only been two births within the last eighteen months and both of them were boys. As the Queen points out to Jani, her Minister of Propaganda: the only thing worse than boys is men. She demands more marriages, even going as far to think about passing conscription into law. However, Jani points out that the drones  in captivity are not willing to marry any of the beautiful island women, because as soon as the two-month honeymoon is over the bridegrooms are executed. An Allied bomber plane is in trouble overhead. The ferry pilot, Peter Lovell, struggles to keep control while Arthur Tucker is suffering from airsickness. The four aircrew bail out and parachute down on Paradise Island. The crew are quickly captured by the native woman and Rouna, the colony's leading journalist, sets her eye on the diminutive Arthur Tucker . Brought before the queen, the four airmen try to ingratiate themselves. The queen explains that they are free to move around the island and if rescued they will be permitted to leave. However, she encourages them to stay and marry within the colony. She hints at the death sentence but the airmen fail to pick up on the implication. Escorted around the town by guards, Arthur confesses he might be in love with redheaded Jani. However, he has been betrothed to Rouana, who desperately flirts with him. He avoids her and continues to chase Jani but to no avail. She's more interested in Peter, who in turn has fallen in love with her. She tries to prevent his falling for her, as she knows it will result in his death. Arthur and his friend Max sneak into the holy Temple of the Hive, where the island's law is written, and there they learn of the two-month honeymoon and subsequent death sentence. They also learn that the law states a wedding occurs whenever a woman and a man share wine. At the town's baths, Jani discovers that many of the islanders are disenchanted with how the men have been allocated. Jani tries to reassure everyone that no one is officially betrothed yet. Various ideas are thrown around, including communism. Jani decides to be noble and offers a solution . The cup final of the island's rugby league takes place tomorrow; the winning team will draw lots and the lucky four who win will get the men. The scheduled rugby match gets under way the next day, with Arthur refereeing. Arthur is knocked out during play and when he wakes in Rouana's home she tricks him into drinking wine with her. Panicked, Arthur flees. With Peter and Jani's help, Arthur disguises himself as a  maid in Jani's household. Arthur tries to convince Jani that he loves her, but she ignores him and he is pounced on by the ever eager Rouana again. Arthur makes a perilous rooftop escape from her but ends up falling through the roof of the queen's bedchamber. Arthur tries to explain to her that the island's laws are ridiculous but the queen refuses to listen; however, she doesn't give his disguise away when the palace guard rush in. The next day, Rouana requests in court that the death sentence is waived for her and Arthur, as there is a precedent. Twenty years ago one woman fell so in love with a man that the law was overturned. However, when Arthur is put on the witness stand, he admits he doesn't love Rouana. This results in his being condemned to death . By the morning of the execution, Ronnie, the aircrew's radio operator, has managed to repair the plane's radio. Rescue is on its way. Arthur is rescued by Ronnie and Max in drag, and they all escape to the beach where Jani has arranged for a boat to be waiting for them."] ['{{expand section}} Beary Barrington, a young bear raised by a human family in a world where humans and talking bears co-exist, attempts to trace his roots. He meets up with the Country Bears, a Country music band that reached its peak years ago and eventually broke up (a parody of the [[Eagles . Beary helps the Country Bears reunite for one final concert while searching for who he truly is. Thanks to Beary, the band realizes they were wrong to break up, due to various petty arguments that escalated. Beary returns home to his family understanding that they truly do care about him. Country Bear Hall, the place at which the band used to perform, is threatened with destruction but the Country Bears decide to do a concert to save it. However, they refuse to do so without Beary who brought them back together after they read an essay he wrote about them. The band goes to get Beary and his family, but while Ted Bedderhead, the band leader and member who was the most reluctant to reunite, is apologizing to Beary and explaining everything to him, Reed Thimble kidnaps the rest of the Country Bears because he wants to destroy the Hall. Thanks to an idea from Dex, Beary, his older brother Ted, and their family are able to track down and rescue the band and head to the concert together. The promoter that was hired to publicize the concert is found to have been paid off by Thimble so the concert appears to be headed for failure. Big Al, the caretaker of the hall, reveals that everyone was just out back and when he opens the door surge of people rush in. The money raised from the concert is revealed to be enough to save the hall and the Country Bears perform with Beary as member of the band.'] ['Space travel has become a dirty way of life dominated by derelicts, grease monkeys, thieves, and hard-boiled interplanetary traders such as Samuel Curtis , an astronaut from Earth who deals in rare goods, living or otherwise. His mission begins with the unlikely delivery of a cat to a small outer-belt asteroid saloon where he meets his former dance partner, and renowned interplanetary fruit thief, the Blueberry Pirate . As payment for his delivery of the cat, Curtis receives a homemade cloning device already in the process of creating a creature most rare in this space quadrant — a Real Live Girl. At the suggestion of the Blueberry Pirate, Curtis takes the Real Live Girl to Jupiter where women have long been a mystery. There, he proposes a trade with the owner of Jupiter: the Real Live Girl clone for the Boy Who Actually Saw A Woman’s Breast . The Boy Who Actually Saw A Woman’s Breast is regarded as royalty on the all-male mining planet of Jupiter because of his unique and exotic contact with a woman. It is Curtis’ intention to take The Boy to Venus and trade him for the remains of Johnny R., a man who spent his lifetime serving as a human stud for the Southern belles of Venus, a planet populated only by women. Upon returning Johnny R’s body to his bereaved family on earth, Curtis will receive a handsome reward. While hashing out the plan with the Blueberry Pirate, Curtis is spotted by his nemesis, Professor Hess . Possessed by an enigmatic obsession with Curtis, Hess is capable of killing only without reason; that is, unless his intended victim is someone with whom he has unresolved issues. Hess has been pursuing Samuel Curtis throughout the solar system in order that he might forgive him, then kill him. Along the way, Hess has executed each and every individual to come into contact with Curtis. Unaware of this danger, Curtis sets forth on his mission. After retrieving The Boy Who Actually Saw A Woman’s Breast from Jupiter, Curtis is contacted by Professor Hess, who makes his intentions known. Fearful, Curtis and The Boy look for a place to hide. They come across a primitive space station constructed by Nevada State silver miners from the late 1800s. Inside they discover a small group of miners still alive, their bodies crippled and deformed by space atrophy. Unable to return home for fear that Earth’s gravity would kill them, two of the miners mated and give birth to a boy known as Body Suit . He has been raised in a suit of hydraulics to simulate Earth\'s gravity with his parent\'s intention of him eventually being sent home. In trade for supplies and sanctuary, Curtis agrees to deliver Body Suit to Earth. Once they land on the lush planet of Venus, the terrain dramatically changes, and Curtis is inspired by a plan. "The American Astronaut Press Kit", "Artistic License Films.com", 2008.'] ['An American dancer, Jerry Travers  comes to London to star in a show produced by the bumbling Horace Hardwick . While practicing a tap dance routine in his hotel bedroom, he awakens Dale Tremont  on the floor below. She storms upstairs to complain, whereupon Jerry falls hopelessly in love with her and proceeds to pursue her all over London. Dale mistakes Jerry for Horace, who is married to her friend Madge . Following the success of Jerry\'s opening night in London, Jerry follows Dale to Venice, where she is visiting Madge and modelling/promoting the gowns created by Alberto Beddini ([[Erik Rhodes , a dandified Italian fashion designer with a penchant for malapropisms. Jerry proposes to Dale, who, while still believing that Jerry is Horace, is disgusted that her friend\'s husband could behave in such a manner and agrees instead to marry Alberto. Fortunately, Bates , Horace\'s meddling English valet, disguises himself as a priest and conducts the ceremony; apparently, Horace had sent Bates to keep tabs on Dale. On a trip in a gondola, Jerry manages to convince Dale and they return to the hotel where the previous confusion is rapidly cleared up. The reconciled couple dance off into the Venetian sunset, to the tune of "The Piccolino".Adapted from Billman'] ["The film is set in 1890s Paris. Henri Danglard is the owner of a cafe, which features his mistress, Lola, as a belly dancer. Losing money, Henri finds himself in Montmartre and seeing a pretty girl  at a dance hall there, has an idea: to revive an out of fashion dance, the cancan. He sells his theater to pay for debts and, receiving backing from a patron, essentially in exchange for Lola, purchases a property that will become the Moulin Rouge. Meanwhile, he hires Nini away from her mother and her mother's laundry business."] ['The film begins with a reenactment of the gruesome events of cannibalism as described by the prosecuting attorney during Alferd Packer\'s trial in 1883. Packer insists that things happened differently than what has been recounted, and begins to tell his story to journalist Polly Pry  through flashback. In 1873, a group of miners in Provo, Utah hear of new gold discoveries in Breckenridge and decide to travel to Colorado Territory to stake a claim. After the original guide, Lucky Larry, dies from a lightning strike, Packer is nominated as the replacement since he claimed knowledge of the area. He and his trusty horse, Liane, set off with five miners, Shannon Wilson Bell , James Humphrey , Frank Miller , George Noon , and Israel Swan , on what Packer estimates will be a three-week journey. Four weeks later, they become convinced they are lost. At a nearby frontier post, they run into a group of three fur trappers, Loutzenheiser , Nutter , and their diminutive leader, Frenchy Cabazon . The trappers despise the miners, “diggers” as they call them, yet seem to like Packer’s horse. They tell the group they are heading towards Saguache. The next day, Packer wakes up to discover his horse and friend, Liane, is missing. The men press on and cross the Green River near the Utah border. The group asks Packer if there are any other big rivers that they will have to cross to which he replies, “Oh no, just the Colorado River.” Eventually, the Packer party is spotted by two “Nihonjin” Indians . They are taken back to the tribe where they learn the trappers are waiting for the winter storm to pass as recommended by the chief . The story returns to the present time, where Polly continues her research of Packer’s story by herself. The next day, Packer is sentenced to death by hanging. Polly visits Packer once again in prison, where he continues his story, and she reveals her growing affection for him through song. The men set out in the wilderness after Packer learns the trappers have already left. The group begins to suspect that Packer is really only interested in following the trappers to find his horse. They soldier on until they encounter the foreboding Cyclops  who recalls how a Union soldier shot out his eye in the Civil War. He realizes Packer\'s men are not “Southern boys” after they can not finish the lyrics to "Dixie". They escape and the badly frostbitten Swan tries to cheer everybody up with a song about building a snowman. They soon run out of food, resorting to eating their shoes as they become lost in the snow covered Rocky Mountains. Out of frustration, Bell shoots Swan in the head because he does not appreciate his  Pollyanna-esque perspective on their predicament. The men discuss their dire situation that night over the fire, speaking of the cannibalism that the Donner Party had to resort to in California. They decide to consume the body of their dead companion, but “not the butt”. Only Bell refuses. A few more days leads to talk of sacrificing one of their own. Packer convinces them for one more chance for a scouting trip, but when he returns, Bell has killed the others, claiming they planned to kill and eat him after Packer left. Packer is forced to kill Bell after threatening to turn him in, realizing he has gone insane. Arriving in Saguache sometime later, Packer finds Liane, who has taken to Frenchy Cabazon. The sheriff of Saguache eventually finds and arrests Packer for cannibalism during a bar-fight between him and the trappers. On the day of Packer\'s execution he is saved at the gallows by the effort of Liane and Polly. They had gotten a stay of execution from the governor which states that Packer could not be convicted of a state crime since Colorado was not a state at the time of the incident. Cabazon tries to trigger the gallows, since the townsfolk came to see bloodshed. The Indian chief saves Packer by cutting his rope with a katana before beheading Cabazon, satisfying the crowd\'s bloodlust. Polly and Packer kiss only to be frightened by a still-alive Bell.'] ["In the 1940s near the end of the Japanese era of Taiwan, an unnamed teacher  dispatched to the southernmost town of Hengchun falls in love with a local girl with the Japanese name Kojima Tomoko . After the Surrender of Japan, the teacher is forced to return home as Taiwan was placed under the administrative control of the Republic of China. On his trip home, he pens seven love letters to express his regret for leaving Kojima Tomoko, who originally planned to elope with him to Japan. More than 60 years after the teacher left Kojima Tomoko, Aga  is introduced as a struggling young Hengchun-native rock band singer who could not find success in Taipei. After returning to his hometown, Aga's step father , the Town Council Representative, arranged a position for him as a postman, replacing the aging Old Mao , on leave after a motorcycle accident broke his leg. One day, Aga comes across an undeliverable piece of mail that was supposed to be returned to the sender; the daughter of the now deceased Japanese teacher has decided to mail the unsent love letters to Taiwan after discovering them. Aga unlawfully keeps and opens the package to discover its contents, but the old Japanese-style address Cape No. 7, Kōshun District, Takao Prefecture can no longer be found. Meantime a local resort hotel inside nearby Kenting National Park is organizing a beach concert featuring Japanese pop singer Kousuke Atari, but Aga's step father makes use of his official position to insist that the opening band be composed of locals. Tomoko , an over-the-hill Mandarin-speaking Japanese fashion model dispatched to Hengchun, is assigned the difficult task of managing this hastily assembled band, led by Aga along with six other locals of rather particular backgrounds. After a frustrating trial period, Aga and Tomoko unexpectedly begin a relationship. With some assistance from hotel maid Mingchu , who is revealed to be Kojima Tomoko's granddaughter, Tomoko helps Aga find the rightful recipient of the seven love letters. Tomoko then tells Aga that she plans on returning to Japan after the concert because of a job offer. After returning the seven love letters, a heartbroken but determined Aga returns to the beach resort and performs a highly successful concert with his local band alongside Kousuke Atari while Kojima Tomoko reads the letters."] ['The film opens with the reading of the will of Patrick Dennis\'s  late father, by his trustee, Mr. Babcock . The will states that Patrick is to be left in the care of his aunt, Mame Dennis , as well as his nanny, Agnes Gooch . The two take a train ride to live with Mame . When they arrive, they walk into a big party that Mame is giving for a holiday she herself created . Patrick introduces himself by asking if he may slide down her banister, then reveals that he is Patrick. Mame introduces him to several of her friends, including aspiring stage actress and famous lush, Vera Charles . The following morning, Patrick awakens a hungover Mame with his bugle. After Patrick tells Mame what Mr. Babcock has said about her, she decides that she wants to fill his life with adventure . She decides to enroll him in "the School of Life," a very non-traditional school, but when Vera inadvertently leads the trustee, Mr. Babcock, to Patrick\'s school, Patrick is taken from Mame\'s custody. In that same moment, Mame gets a phone call and learns that the stock market crash has left her without any money to hire a lawyer to regain custody of Patrick. Vera, knowing that Mame is now in need of money, offers Mame a very small role as The Man in the Moon in her newest operetta about a lady astronomer. Unfortunately, Mame flubs her one line and causes the play to be a disaster, which puts a major rift in her friendship with Vera. Meanwhile, Patrick, who was in the audience, reassures Mame that she\'s not a failure and lets her know that he still loves her . Now broke, Mame has worked a string of jobs, including one selling shoes. While working in the shoe section of the department store, a customer comes in wanting a present to send to someone back home. Mame helps him make the decision to buy a pair of roller skates by trying them on. The customer tells her of his name - Beauregard Jackson Pickett Burnside ([[Robert Preston . However, Mame\'s inability to write up a cash order as opposed to a C.O.D. order gets her fired. Mame roller skates home, dejected because she\'s unable to pay Ito  and Agnes, who reassure her that they\'re not going anywhere. Even though it\'s only a week from Thanksgiving, Mame decides to lift everyone\'s spirits by decorating the house for Christmas and giving everyone their Christmas gifts , which include Patrick\'s first pair of long pants. Agnes and Ito surprise Mame with the news that the butcher bill has been paid. Mame promises to pay them back someday. Meanwhile, Beau, who\'s been looking for Mame since she was fired earlier that day, finally finds Mame\'s house and invites everyone to dinner, and it\'s obvious that the two are meant for each other.  Beau brings Mame and Patrick to his plantation in Peckerwood, Georgia, where they\'re immediately greeted by Sally Cato . However, much of Beau\'s family, especially Mother Burnside  and Cousin Fan , are not happy about Beau marrying a "Yankee". Sally then invites Mame to a foxhunt. Despite not knowing a thing about horseriding, Mame accepts the invitation. The following day, Mame accidentally wins the fox hunt, despite not knowing what she was doing, and all of Beau\'s family and friends, except for Sally, sing the praises for Mame. Mame and Beau, now happily married, go on an extended honeymoon, traveling all over the world . Meanwhile, Patrick goes from a young child who pulls in a B+ average to a high school senior  flunking many classes . When an avalanche in the Alps kills Beau, Mame returns home and is reunited with a now-grown Patrick, who is dating a very snobby conservative girl named Gloria Upson . Mame, who decides that she\'s tired of looking like she\'s just come from a funeral, goes to reunite with Vera for a drink. The two enjoy some drinks and some snippy comments, which they insist are not being made out of hatred, but simple honesty, as that\'s what Bosom Buddies do. The two come home and continue to reminisce and discuss men that they\'ve dated. Agnes, who is listening to the conversation, admits that she\'s never had a date. Mame and Vera decide to give the uptight, frumpy Agnes a makeover and send her out to live, because "Life is a banquet, and most poor suckers are starving to death.""Sons of bitches" in the musical was changed to "suckers" in the film version. Weaver, David E. "Mame’s Boys: Jerome Lawrence and Robert E. Lee", Ohioana Quarterly, Fall 2006, Ohioana Library Association, accessed September 5, 2012 After Agnes comes out of her bath with her new image, she goes off in a taxicab. Six months later, Agnes returns home, visibly pregnant. At the same time, Mame is currently visiting with her guests, Patrick and Gloria, and they agree to bring Gloria\'s parents to Mame\'s home to meet. However, once Patrick sees Agnes, who\'s hiding in the kitchen, he decides it\'d be a better idea for Mame to visit the Upsons at their home, since Patrick is ashamed to have the Upsons see an unwed, pregnant Agnes. Agnes then describes what she did after her big makeover . Mame visits the Upsons  at their home, Upson Downs. She learns there that Patrick and Gloria are engaged. After spending several hours with the Upsons, Mame discovers that she definitely dislikes the family and their overly conservative and bigoted views on everything from African-Americans and onward - they praise their African-American maid, noting that "so many of them are so snotty these days" and ask Mame to help pay for a piece of property next door to Upson Downs so that Patrick and Gloria could live there, as opposed to "the wrong kind of people." When Mame leaves, she confronts Patrick about her disdain for the family, calling him a snob when he admits that he\'s ashamed of her and her "crazy" friends. A heartbroken Mame drives home, wondering what she did wrong when he was younger . Mame and Patrick apologize to each other off-screen and are dressed for company - the Upsons. Mame promises to behave. Patrick, still embarrassed by Agnes\'s condition, begs Agnes to stay in her room while the Upsons are there, while Mame reminds her to take her calcium pills. Patrick talks to Mame\'s new maid, Pegeen , for a moment before the Upsons arrive. After arriving, Mr. and Mrs. Upson announce to Mame that the property they\'d wanted had been bought, complaining about being outbid by "some Jew lawyer". Suddenly, Vera and several men barge into Mame\'s house, singing . Vera toasts to the new couple, mistaking Pegeen for Gloria. At that moment, Agnes comes downstairs because her calcium pills are in the kitchen. Mame invites her to sit with everyone. When Mrs. Upson asks Agnes what Mr. Gooch does, she says "My father\'s passed away." When Mrs. Upson states that she meant her husband, Agnes declares that she\'s unwed and that her baby\'s going to be a little bastard . Suddenly, a large group of unwed pregnant women barge in, singing.  Mame reveals to the Upsons that she bought the property next door so she could build the Beauregarde Burnside Memorial Home For Single Mothers. This is the final straw, and the Upsons leave, angry that Mame isn\'t "one of them." Patrick, visibly upset, leaves the house. Years later, Patrick and Pegeen are married and have a child, Peter. Mame, who is going on a trip to Siberia, requests that Peter be allowed to go with her. Although Patrick and Pegeen resist at first, once Peter quotes Mame\'s "life is a banquet" line, they relent. The two get onto a plane, and Patrick states that Mame has not changed and that she\'s "the Pied Piper." Mame and Peter wave goodbye and go into the plane. The plane takes off, followed by clips of Mame embracing Vera, Agnes, Beau, adult Patrick, and young Patrick .'] [' The film begins on "Friday, April 17" at 4 pm in Venice, California. Huckleberry P. Jones , local pimp, narcotics peddler and slumlord, enters a vacant house that he owns. While stashing heroin in the basement, he stumbles upon a mysterious door and enters it, falling into the Sixth Dimension, from which he promptly escapes. After retrieving the heroin, he sells the house to the Hercules family. On their way to school, Frenchy Hercules  and her brother Flash  have a conversation with Squeezit Henderson , who tells them that, while being violently beaten by his mother, he had a vision of his transgendered sister René , who had fallen into the Sixth Dimension through the door in the Hercules\' basement. Frenchy returns home to confide in her mother, and decides to take just a "little peek" behind the forbidden door in the basement. After arriving in the Sixth Dimension, she is captured by the perpetually topless Princess, who brings Frenchy to the rulers of the Sixth Dimension, the midget King Fausto  and his queen, Doris . When the king falls for Frenchy, Queen Doris orders their frog servant, Bust Rod, to lock her up. In order to make sure that Frenchy is not harmed, King Fausto tells Bust Rod to take Frenchy to Cell 63, where the king keeps his favorite concubines . The next day at school, Flash tries to convince Squeezit to help him rescue René and Frenchy. When Squeezit refuses, Flash enlists the help of Gramps instead. In the Sixth Dimension, they speak to an old Jewish man who tells them how to help Frenchy escape, but they soon are captured by Bust Rod. Queen Doris interrogates Flash and Gramps and then lowers them into a large septic tank. She then plots her revenge against Frenchy, relocating all the denizens of Cell 63 to a torture chamber. She leaves the Princess to oversee Frenchy\'s torture and execution, but when a fuse is blown, the torture is put on hold and the prisoners from cell 63 are relocated to keep the King from finding them. After escaping the septic tank, Flash and Gramps come across a woman who tells them that she was once happily married to the king, until Doris stole the throne by seducing her, "even though she\'s not my type". The ex-queen has been sitting in her cell for 1,000 years, and has been writing a screenplay in order to keep her sanity. Meanwhile, Pa Hercules is blasted through the stratosphere by an explosion caused by improperly extinguishing his cigarette in a vat of highly flammable tar during his work break at the La Brea Tar Pit Factory. After re-entry, Pa falls through the Hercules family basement and into the Sixth Dimension, where he is imprisoned. Finding a phone, Flash calls Squeezit and again asks for his help. Finally, Squeezit agrees to go into the Sixth Dimension to help rescue Frenchy and René. There, he is captured by Satan , with whom he makes a deal to bring him the Princess in exchange for Satan\'s help freeing René and Frenchy. After Squeezit accomplishes this task, Satan tells him not to worry about his friends before having him decapitated. Queen Doris sends Bust Rod to keep an eye on the king, and to ensure he doesn\'t find out where she\'s hidden Frenchy. King Fausto catches Bust Rod and forces him to lead him to Frenchy and René, whom he orders to leave the Sixth Dimension to avoid the Queen\'s wrath. However, en route to safety, René is stricken with pseudo-menstrual cramps, and they are again captured by the frog. Squeezit\'s head, which has now sprouted chicken wings, finds the king and informs him of what has happened. While preparing to kill Frenchy, Doris is confronted by the ex-queen, and the two engage in a cat-fight, with Doris eventually coming out as the victor. Just as she is about to kill Frenchy, King Fausto stops her, explaining that Satan\'s Mystic Knights of the Oingo Boingo are holding the Princess hostage, and will kill her should anything befall Frenchy. Flash and Gramps arrive, and Flash is knocked down by Gramps. Ma Hercules enters and, seeing a seemingly dead Flash, shoots Queen Doris. King Fausto mourns Doris, then marries Frenchy. The surviving characters look toward a great future as they plan to take over everyone and everything in the Galaxy.'] ['Beautiful high society type Doris Worthington is entertaining guests on her yacht in the Pacific when it hits a reef and sinks. She makes her way to an island with the help of singing sailor Stephen Jones. Her friend Edith, Uncle Hubert, and Princes Michael and Alexander make it to the same island but all prove to be useless in the art of survival. The sailor is the only one with the practical knowhow to survive, but Doris and the others snub his leadership offer. That is, they do until he starts a clam bake and wafts the fumes in their starving faces. The group gradually gives in to his leadership, and then the only question is whether Doris will give in to his charms.'] ['Sex, love, lies, bed-hopping and mistaken identities abound in this pop musical-comedy set in Madrid. The gorgeous Paula breaks up with her boyfriend Pedro in order to continue her affair with Javier. The immature Javier however, is unwilling to break up with his current girlfriend Sonia, or confess to their affair to Pedro, who happens to be his best friend.'] ['Ella Peterson works as a switchboard operator at the Susanswerphone answering service. She can\'t help breaking the rules by becoming overly involved in the lives of the subscribers. Some of the more peculiar ones include a dentist who composes songs on an air hose, an actor who emulates Marlon Brando, and a little boy for whom she pretends to be Santa Claus. Ella has a secret crush on the voice of subscriber Jeffrey Moss, a playwright for whom she plays a comforting "Mom" character. She finally meets him face to face, when she brings him a message under a false name  and romantic sparks and some confusion begin. A humorous subplot involves the courtly Otto, who convinces Susanswerphone to take orders for his "mail-order classical record business". Unfortunately, Otto is actually a bookie whose orders are a system for betting on horses. Unwittingly, Ella changes some of the "orders" not realizing she is changing "bets". Although the police begin to assume that Susanswerphone might be a front for an escort service, the plot ends happily, with Jeff proposing, and her wacky subscribers coming to thank her.'] ['Jeannie MacLean, a poor Vermont girl, unexpectedly is left $5,000 by a priest in his will. She decides to fulfill her lifetime wish of traveling to Scotland. On the way she meets inventor Stanley Smith, who helps her find suitable lodging in Edinburgh. A local lord, Jimmy MacNairn, has royal heritage but no money. He mistakenly believes Jeannie to be an American millionaire. While showing her around town, Jimmy falls in love with her. Jeannie declines his marriage proposal and returns home. Stanley shows up in Vermont, realizing that he loves her.'] ['The Wildcats were trailing the West High Knights, and the Wildcats enter the locker room for the final period feeling bitter. Team captain Troy  rallies the team\'s spirit ("[[Now or Never  and, thanks to new transfer Jimmie "The Rocket" Zara , the Wildcats win the championship game which is the last one for the seniors on the squad at East High. Later, at Troy\'s after-match party at his house, Troy and Gabriella  are seen thinking about their future and wishing that their last few months at East High would not end ("[[Right Here, Right Now . Sharpay  meets Tiara Gold , a British exchange student whom she hires to be her personal assistant. When drama teacher Ms. Darbus  notices that there were so few sign-ups for the spring musical, Sharpay suggests she could do a one-woman show. This alarms Kelsi , who is writing the show, so she immediately signs up everyone in their homeroom for it instead. This results in Ms. Darbus announcing they will create a play about their final days at East High, called Senior Year. In addition, she reveals that Sharpay, Ryan , Kelsi, and Troy have all been considered for a scholarship at Juilliard School, but only one of them is to be chosen. Troy is confused, because he did not apply to Juilliard. Seeing his friends laughing, he believes they gave his name to Juilliard. Sharpay becomes desperate to win the scholarship, and knowing that Kelsi will give the best songs to Troy and Gabriella in the musical, she gets Ryan to try to persuade Kelsi to give them a song, by predicting her  future ("[[I Want It All . The next day, Troy asks Gabriella to the dance while on the rooftop . She then teaches him how to waltz . Chad  then asks Taylor  to go to prom with him with a cheesey pick-up line. She initially refuses, but later agrees when Chad proves he can put in some effort and asks again in front of everyone in the school. The group rehearses for the musical, a scene about their prom night ("[[A Night to Remember . The next day, Ryan walks in on Kelsi composing in the music room and they start to sing  which leads to Ryan asking Kelsi to prom. While Troy and Chad reminisce about their past , Sharpay and Tiara discover that Gabriella has a chance to go to college early to Stanford and Sharpay convinces Troy that he is the only thing keeping Gabriella from her dream. Troy talks to Gabriella about this and after sharing an awkward goodnight, Gabriella sings  and leaves for college the next day. Troy\'s dad, Jack , talks to him about his academic future, which he expects will be in the University of Albuquerque. This assumption makes Troy become angry and confused, and he runs away, storming around East High bewildered until he finally screams at the top of his lungs in the theater . Ms. Darbus is secretly watching and reveals that she sent in his application for Juilliard. Troy later gets a call from Gabriella saying that although she loves him, she will not return to Albuquerque. However, on the day of the prom, Troy visits Gabriella at Stanford University and convinces her to return and they kiss sweetly together during the lunch break (Can I Have This Dance? . Back at East High, Sharpay is prepared for the last musical at East High and Troy\'s fellow basketball player Jimmie receives a text from Troy to tell him to cover for him onstage because he is going to be late. The Juilliard representatives are there, and watch as the show seems to go well. Kelsi and Ryan start out the show followed by a couple other numbers; Jimmie then performs with Sharpay and embarrasses her, although the audience applauds the performance. Troy and Gabriella appear during the second half of the show and sing their duet together. Tiara then betrays Sharpay and tells her how she is going to take over next year in the drama department. Sharpay finally learns how it feels to be manipulated and humiliated, but nevertheless does not wish to go down. While Tiara performs, Sharpay immediately crashes her performance and upstages her . At the end of the musical, Ms. Darbus reveals that both Kelsi and Ryan have won the Juilliard scholarship and tells about everyone\'s future plans, in which Troy reveals he\'s chosen Berkeley so he can be close to Gabriella where he can play both basketball and perform in theatre ("We\'re All in This Together  . At the graduation ceremony, Troy gives the class speech, because Ms Darbus selected him, not because he had the best grades . Throwing their caps in the air, the graduates form a giant wildcat before breaking out into song and dance to the tune of "High School Musical". As the film ends, the cast runs across the field, the curtain falls, and they appear on the East High stage. They do their famous High School Musical jump with a close up of the six in order before bowing when the curtain falls and the credits roll.'] ["The Bower Family Band petitions the Democratic National Committee to sing a rally song for President Grover Cleveland at the party's 1888 convention. On the urging of Joe Carder, a journalist and suitor to eldest Bower daughter Alice, the family decides instead to move to the Dakota Territory. There, Grandpa Bower, a staunch Democrat, causes trouble with his pro-Cleveland sentiments. The Dakota residents are overwhelmingly Republican, and hope to get the territory admitted as two states  rather than one . Grandpa's actions result in family strife, including nearly costing Alice her position as the town's new school teacher. The budding romance between Joe and Alice also suffers. In the end more ballots are cast for Cleveland, but Republican nominee Benjamin Harrison nonetheless wins the Electoral College reverses and the presidency. Before he leaves office Cleveland grants statehood to the two Dakotas, along with two Democrat-voting territories, evening the gains for both parties. The Dakotans, particularly the feuding young couple, resolve to live together in peace."] ["Cheerful Cockney Bert Gibbs inherits a title from his father and becomes Lord Thornton Heath. But then he meets up with movie star Ilya Myona and when his mother asks about her, Bert implies they are engaged. After some adventures with some dubious Russian types Bert's girl Lenina eventually wins him back."] ['Don Lockwood  is a popular silent film star with humble roots as a singer, dancer and stunt man. Don barely tolerates his vapid, shallow leading lady, Lina Lamont , though their studio, Monumental Pictures, links them romantically to increase their popularity. Lina herself is convinced they are in love, despite Don\'s protestations otherwise. One day, to escape from fans, Don jumps into a passing car driven by Kathy Selden . She drops him off, but not before claiming to be a stage actress and sneering at his undignified accomplishments. Later, at a party, the head of Don\'s studio, R.F. Simpson , shows a short demonstration of a Vitaphone talking pictureThis scene pays homage to the original 1921 DeForest Phonofilm demonstration, featuring DeForest himself explaining the system. but his guests are unimpressed. To Don\'s amusement and Kathy\'s embarrassment, she pops out of a mock cake right in front of him as part of the entertainment; Kathy, it turns out, is a chorus girl. Furious at Don\'s teasing, she throws a real cake at him, only to hit Lina right in the face. Later, after weeks of searching, Don makes up with Kathy after he finds her working in another Monumental Pictures production, and they begin to fall in love. After a rival studio has an enormous hit with its first talking picture, 1927\'s The Jazz Singer, R.F. decides he has no choice but to convert the new Lockwood and Lamont film, The Dueling Cavalier, into a talkie. The production is beset with difficulties. By far, the worst problem is Lina\'s grating voice. An exasperated diction coach tried to teach her how to speak properly, but to no avail. A test screening is a disaster. In one scene, Don repeats the line "I love you" to Lina over and over, to the audience\'s derisive laughter.Comden 2002: This is a reference to a scene by John Gilbert in his first talkie. Then in the middle of the film, the sound goes out of synchronization, with hilarious results. Don\'s best friend, Cosmo Brown , comes up with the idea to dub Lina\'s voice with Kathy\'s, and they persuade R.F. to turn The Dueling Cavalier into a musical called The Dancing Cavalier, complete with a modern musical number called "Broadway Melody". When Lina finds out, she is infuriated and does everything possible to sabotage the romance between Don and Kathy. She becomes even angrier when she discovers that R.F. intends to give Kathy a screen credit and a big publicity promotion. Lina, after consulting lawyers, threatens to sue R.F. unless he cancels Kathy\'s buildup and orders her to continue working  as Lina\'s voice. R.F. reluctantly agrees to her demands. The premiere of The Dancing Cavalier is a tremendous success. When the audience clamors for Lina to sing live, Don, Cosmo, and R.F. improvise and get her to lip sync into the microphone while Kathy, hidden behind the stage curtain, sings into a second one. While Lina is "singing," Don, Cosmo and R.F. gleefully raise the curtain. When Cosmo replaces Kathy at the microphone, the sham becomes obvious. Lina flees in embarrassment. Kathy tries to run away as well, but Don introduces the audience to "the real star of the film." The final shot shows Kathy and Don kissing in front of a billboard for their new film, Singin\' in the Rain.'] ["In Ireland, Jerry Kelly  marries his sweetheart, Nellie Noonan  over the objections of her ne'er-do-well father, Michael Noonan , who swears never to speak to Jerry again, even though he reluctantly accompanies the newlyweds to America, where Jerry becomes a policeman, and all three become citizens. Michael continues to hold his grudge against Jerry, even when Nellie dies while giving birth to little Nellie. Years later, Jerry is now a captain on the police force, and little Nellie  has grown up as the spitting image of her mother. When Nellie becomes enamored of Dennis Fogarty , the son of Michael's old friend Timothy Fogarty , the squabbling between Nellie's father and grandfather intensifies, as Michael objects to the romance, and finally leaves home because of it. Eventually, the three generations are reconciled, and Nellie and Dennis remain a couple.TCM Full synopsisErickson, Hal Plot synopsisBubbeo, Daniel Plot summary"] ['Set in 1980, Vince Lombardi High School keeps losing principals to nervous breakdowns because of the students\' love of rock \'n\' roll and their disregard for education. Their leader, Riff Randell , is the biggest Ramones fan at Vince Lombardi High School. She waits in line for three days to get tickets to see the band, hoping to meet Joey Ramone so she can give him a song she wrote for the band, "Rock \'n\' Roll High School". When Principal Togar  takes her ticket away, Riff and her best friend Kate Rambeau  have to find another way to meet their heroes—by winning a radio contest. When Miss Togar and a group of parents attempt to burn a pile of rock records, the students take over the high school, joined by the Ramones, who are made honorary students. When the police are summoned and demand that the students evacuate the building, they do so, which leads to a quite literal explosive finale.'] ["Harpreet Singh Bedi , a Sikh B Com graduate with approximately 39 percent marks becomes a salesman with a big corporate computer assembly and service company, AYS. His idealistic vision of the working world shatters quickly. Within a few days, a client asks for a kick-back. Harpreet is aghast and files a complaint. But his honesty only brings him a demotion and humiliation. After making concessions to a client for the company, Harpreet realizes that sales success is dependent on the customer. No one agrees with him but Harpreet remains firm on his belief and forms his own company in Rocket Sales Corporation. Other disgruntled employees find their way to Rocket Sales — a place where even the guy who serves tea is an equal partner because he brings talent to the table. The company soon becomes successful because of its dedication to excellent customer service. The MD of AYS, Sunil Puri, becomes angered by the small company's success. After multiple attempts at contact, he finally calls and the phone at the AYS reception desk begins to ring as Rocket Sales was being managed from the AYS offices where the Rocket partners were still employed. After thoroughly insulting him and firing both him and his partners, the MD has Harpreet sign a contract handing over Rocket Sales to him and hands him his final pay of Rs. 1. However, AYS is unable to maintain Rocket Sales' commitment to customer satisfaction because of its cold and greedy personnel. The MD, realizing his downfall in purchasing Rocket Sales, visits Harpreet at his new job at Croma, an electronics store, and returns the contract to Harpreet in return for Rs. 1. He also tells him never to become a businessman again, because he will fail again. However, this is not intended as an insult, but rather as a compliment; he implies that what made Harpreet so successful was his eschewing of 'normal' business practices such as kick-backs, false advertisement, and low wages. The ending scene is the new Rocket Sales office building where a prospective worker is going in for an interview. It shows the former employees, all partners of the business, and finally closes with Harpreet smiling genially at a desk, showing that eventually honesty and hard work is a sound business decision."] ['Commodore Jackson  is the captain of a Mississippi showboat in the late nineteenth century. Tom Grayson  is engaged to be married and has been disgraced for refusing to fight a duel with Major Patterson . Accused of being a coward, Grayson joins Jackson\'s showboat. Over the duration of the film, the behaviour of the meek and mild Tom Grayson alters as a consequence of the constant representation of him, by Commodore Jackson, as "The Notorious Colonel Steele", "the Singing Killer", and the constant attribution, by Jackson, of duelling victories by Grayson to unrelated corpses freshly dragged from the river beside the showboat as "yet another victim of the notorious Colonel Steele, the Singing Killer". The film provides sufficient opportunities for Crosby to sing the Rodgers and Hart songs, including the centerpiece number, "Soon", while Fields gets to tell some outlandish stories. Crosby and Fields worked well together and there is one memorable scene in which Fields tries to tell Crosby how to act tougher. In the film, Crosby does a number of brilliantly engineered sight gags involving a chair and a bowie knife. Another highlight is Fields\' remarkable story about his exploits among one notorious Indian tribe.'] ["Wonder Bar is set in a Parisian nightclub, with the stars playing the ‘regulars’ at the club. The movie revolves around two main story points, a romance and a more serious conflict with death, and several minor plots. All of the stories are enlivened from time to time by extravagant musical numbers. The more serious story revolves around Captain Von Ferring , a German military officer. Ferring has gambled on the stock market and lost, now broke after dozens of failed investments, he is at the Wonder Bar to try and pull a one night stand before killing himself the following day. Al Wonder  knows about Ferring's plan. Meanwhile, an elaborate romance is unfolding. The bar's central attraction is the Latin lounge dancing group led by Inez . Al Wonder has a secret attraction to Inez, who has a burning passion for Harry . However, Harry is two-timing her with Liane , who is married to the famous French banker Renaud . The story comes to a climax when Inez finds out that Harry and Liane plan to run away together and head to the United States. Inez, in a haze of jealousy, kills Harry. Subplots are much lighter in nature. They involve several drunken routines by two businessmen  and Al Wonder's various narrations as emcee of the floor show and manager of the club."] ["Molly Mahoney  forms, along with her fiancée Eddie Kerns , a vaudeville act. Working at a local dance school, she longs to become a star performing on Broadway. Eddie persuades her to leave town for New York City, and after their arrival, Eddie debuts on the radio with his so-called singing canaries. Although the canaries are unable to sing, Eddie is not, and following an impressive debut he is offered a job at the station. He convinces co-worker Buddy Bartell ([[Richard Lane  to grant Molly and her little sister Pat  an audition. What promised to be a big opportunity, turns into the start of noticeable tensions among the sisters, when Bartell announces he wants to team Eddie and Pat. Molly, meanwhile, is offered a degrading job selling cigarettes. Instead of complaining, Molly swallows her pride and allows Pat to take the limelight meant for her. Meanwhile, wealthy and often-married playboy 'Chat' Chatsworth  falls for Pat and starts flirting with her. After a while, Molly finds out about Chat's wild past through her gossipy friend Jed Marlowe , and tries to warn her sister. The worries turn out to be unnecessary, though, as Pat feels more attracted to Eddie. She does not want to hurt Molly's feeling or ruin her engagement, and decides to return home. Molly, who is unaware of Pat's motives for leaving, insists on her staying. Thinking it is the only way of forgetting her feelings for Eddie, Pat accepts a proposal of Chat and runs off to elope with him. When Eddie hears about this, he is alarmed, because he had been secretly in love with Pat the entire time. He admits his true feeling for Pat to Molly, and is encouraged to follow her. However, upon arriving at the apartment, Eddie finds out that Pat and Chat have already left. Overhearing one of Chat's servants of Pat and Chat's whereabouts, Eddie rushes to the city hall. Breaking up a wedding ceremony that has already begun, Eddie professes his love for Pat. With the blessing of Molly, Pat and Eddie decide to marry, while Molly returns home."] ['Irene Foster  tries to convince her high school sweetheart Broadway producer Robert Gordon ([[Robert Taylor  to give her chance to star in his new musical, but he is too busy with the rich widow  backing his show. Irene tries to show Gordon that she has the talent to succeed, but he will not hire her. Things become complicated when she begins impersonating a French dancer, not realizing that the dancer is the invention of a gossip columnist .'] ['Jimmy Connors, a student at Riverwood High School, also plays the drums in the school band, but dreams of playing in a dance band. He and his "pal" Mary Holden, sell the school principal the idea of forming the band and putting on a dance. The principal is initially doubtful, but then agrees to buy the first ticket. The event is a success and the school\'s debt for the instruments in paid off. Famous band leader, Paul Whiteman  sponsors a contest in Chicago for the best high school musical group, and Jimmy decides that the band must compete. In three weeks, the kids write, plan and put on a show . The melodrama called \'Nell from New Rochelle\', is also a success and raises the money to go to Chicago, but they\'re still short. A loan from Paul Whiteman himself deals with that obstacle. But when Willie, a member of the cast, is injured and needs a critical and urgent operation, the band give the money up so that Willie can be flown to Chicago for the operation. The band raise the money anyway, compete in Chicago and win the $500 prize. To Jimmy goes the honour of leading all the bands in a grand finale performance.'] ['Max de Mirecourt , a frustrated writer, goes to Tunisia in search of inspiration for his next novel. He meets a local girl named Alwina  whose personality intrigues Max so greatly that he invents a character based on her for his newest  novel. His relation with Alwina serves a dual purpose in that it also angers  his wife Lucie  who has been flirting with the Maharaja of Datane  back in Paris. Alwina is taken under Max\'s wing and taught the manners and social graces of a high society princess. She is then whisked away to Paris with Max and pretends to be Princess Tam Tam, from far away India. Lucie is only further enraged by all the attention that Alwina receives and, after her friend sees Alwina dance provocatively in a sailor\'s bar, calls upon her Maharaja to craft a plan which will destroy her husband\'s relation with "the princess." The Maharaja throws a grand party, inviting the upper crust of Parisian society. Alwina is unable to resist the exotic music, and promptly joins the large, staged dance number, embarrassing Max—until he realizes that the entire audience is on their feet, applauding Alwina. Lucie is furious. Lucie and Max forgive each other in the end and fall in love again. Alwina returns to Tunisia after the frustrating realization that, as the Maharaja puts it, "Some windows face to the West, and the others to the East." Ultimately, however, the entire European affair is revealed to be little more than an enactment of Max\'s novel in progress. Alwina never does go to Europe, and the primary events of the film are simply a staging of how Max has imagined them. Alwina is given Max\'s Tunisian estate, and Max\'s new novel is a success. The title of his new work is "Civilisation." When asked about Alwina while back in Europe, Max states that she is "Better where she is," and the film closes with a scene of Alwina and Dar back in Tunisia, with a newborn child, and with farm animals now strewn about Max\'s mansion. In the final shot, a donkey eats the title page of "Civilisation" from off of Max\'s  floor.'] ["When the temperamental star of a new Broadway musical revue in rehearsals walks out, director and choreographer Ted Sturgis  suggests casting an unknown for the role. When it is announced in the newspapers, throngs of hopefuls show up. The revue's musical composer, Leo Belney , champions ballerina Joanna Moss, while gofer Bob Dowdy  is enchanted by novice Suzy Doolittle . Then producer Felix Jordan  persuades Ted's former dance partner, Madelyn Corlane , to come out of retirement to try out, much to Ted's great discomfort."] ["Joe Brady and Clarence Doolittle are Navy sailors who have a four day leave in Hollywood. Joe has his heart set on spending time with his girl, the unseen Lola. Clarence wants to just meet a girl. They find a little boy named Donald who ran away from home and wants to join the navy. Taking him home, the two sailors meet his young beautiful singer-wannabe Aunt Susan who is not as old as Donald made her sound. Clarence develops a crush on her, so he asks Joe to help him get Susan to like him. While trying to get Clarence a date with Susan, Joe boasts to her that he personally knows a big time music producer who can audition her. The only problem is, Joe doesn't know the music producer and he's starting to fall in love with Susan himself. Joe also tells the boy, Donald, a story about a sailor and a mouse that turns out to be Jerry Mouse. Clarence eventually meets and befriends a girl from his hometown of Brooklyn."] ["Count Alfred, military attaché to the Sylvanian Embassy in Paris, is ordered back to Sylvania to report to Queen Louise for a reprimand following a string of scandals, including an affair with the ambassador's wife. In the meantime Queen Louise, ruler of Sylvania in her own right, is royally fed-up with her subjects' preoccupation with whom she will marry. Intrigued rather than offended by Count Alfred's dossier, Queen Louise invites him to dinner. Their romance progresses to the point of marriage when, despite his qualms, for love of Louise Alfred agrees to obey the Queen."] [" The film tells of a couple romantically involved despite family feuds. Jimmy Haskell  is the former owner of a defunct music store. His uncle, C.J. Haskell , dislikes music and has long wanted Jimmy to join him in his health food business. Jimmy only agrees after his music store is closed. When Jimmy arrives his uncle's place, he is confronted by members of the McCorkle family, who play in Heidt's band and often practice outside C.J.'s business. As C.J. hates music, he is infuriated and attempts to stop the band using the police. Unsuccessful, he is thrown a tomato by Jimmy, unintentionally. Jimmy is then made a hero by the band and the McCorkles, who do not know his true identity. Molly McCorkle  falls in love with him. When Jimmy substitutes for C.J. on the Haskell radio program, two band members find out his identity. They work together to devise a scheme to persuade C.J. to take a vacation. In the meantime, Jimmy takes over the operation of the business and invites Heidt's band to play on the radio. Molly learns Jimmy's identity, and in anger, she says the Haskell program will give away $1000 every week. Jimmy has no choice but to find a way to hand out the cash, and a federal investigator reminds him that using lottery to give the 1000 dollars is illegal. Jimmy plans to use phone books and a roulette-style game to find winners. The Haskell program grows immensely popular and attracts lucrative advertising contracts. This reconciles the Haskell and McCorkles, paving the way for the marriage between Jimmy and Molly."] ["While General George Washington is conducting the struggle against the British Empire on the battlefield, the Continental Congress in Philadelphia piddles away its time over trivial matters and cannot even begin debating the question of American independence. The leader of the independence faction is the abrasive John Adams  of Massachusetts whose continuous pushing of the issue has brought their cause to a complete standstill. John Dickinson  of Pennsylvania leads the opposition that hopes for reconciliation with England. During his quieter moments, Adams calls up the image of his wife Abigail Adams  who resides in Massachusetts and gives him insight and encouragement. Doctor Benjamin Franklin  of Pennsylvania suggests another colony that supports independence should submit a proposal. Richard Henry Lee  of Virginia is sent off to Williamsburg to get authorization to propose independence. Weeks later, Lee returns with the resolution, and finally debate on the question begins. After heated discussions, the question is called without a majority of positive votes present. In a move intended to defeat the resolution, Dickinson calls for a vote requiring unanimity for passage, which ends in a tie between the colonies and ultimately being decided in favor of unanimity by Hancock, arguing that any objecting colony would fight for England against independence. Stalling for time to rally support for the resolution, Adams and Franklin call again for a postponement, justifying their call by stating the need for a declaration describing their grievances. Once again tied and ultimately being decided by Hancock, the vote is successfully postponed until such a document can be written. John Hancock ([[David Ford , President of the Continental Congress, appoints a committee up that includes Adams, Franklin and a protesting Thomas Jefferson  of Virginia who was heading home that night. Adams sends for Jefferson's wife so the declaration can be prepared by the otherwise distracted Jefferson. Both Adams and Franklin are quite taken with the young Martha Jefferson . While maneuvering to get the required unanimous majority for the vote on independence, Adams, Franklin and Samuel Chase  of Maryland visit the colonial army encamped in New Brunswick, New Jersey, at the request of General Washington to help convince Maryland. Upon returning, the declaration is being read and then subsequently debated and amended. The Southern delegates, lead by Edward Rutledge  of South Carolina, walk out of Congress when the slavery clause is not removed. After removing that clause, 11 colonies are in favor, and New York continues to abstain. The question is down to the colony of Pennsylvania and the vote of Judge James Wilson , who always follows Dickinson's lead. Wilson votes with the rest of Congress as part of the majority. Finally, with the Declaration of Independence ready to be signed, each colony  affixes their signature to the Declaration, establishing the United States on July 4, 1776."] ['Meek, aging, hypochondriac stage producer J.J. Hobart , who always thinks he is about to die, is going to mount a new show, but his partners Morty Wethered  and Tom Hugo  lost the money for the show in the stock market. On the advice of chorus girl Genevieve Larkin , they insure J.J. for a million dollars, so that when he dies, they will have the money they need to produce the show. Genevieve\'s friend, ex-chorus girl Norma Perry  is sweet on insurance salesman Rosmer "Rossi" Peck , and he writes the policy. When Rossi\'s boss, Andy Callahan  finds out how old J.J. is, he is afraid he wil not pass the physical, but when Hobart does, Rossi decides he has to keep J.J. alive as long as possible, to reap the rewards of his sale. On the other hand, Morty and Hugo have everything to gain if J.J. dies, and they try to help things along. When that fails, they talk Genevieve into seducing J.J., but she ends up falling in love with him instead. Rossi finds out the reason for the insurance policy, and talks his boss, Callahan, into investing in J.J.\'s show, to save the company the money it would have to pay if J.J. dropped dead after learning he was broke and could not put on the show. When the show is a success Genevieve and J.J. get married, and so do Norma and Rossi.IMDB Plot Summary, TCM Full Synopsis'] ["Larry Martin  is an American entertainer in the Casino Samba in Rio de Janeiro. He has a skit in his show, making fun of the womanizing Baron Manuel Duarte . On one particular evening, the Baron and his wife, Baroness Cecilia Duarte  come to see Larry's impersonation. To the surprise of the couple, the act is amazingly realistic. Backstage, the Baron meets Larry's girlfriend, Carmen , and invites her to a party he is going to hold. Carmen declines. Later in the evening, Larry meets Cecilia and is attracted to her singing and her beauty. He does an impersonation of the Baron for her. But the real Baron receives a telegram that his airline is in danger because a contract is not being renewed and he has already purchased 51% of the stock. Needing money to repay the bank he borrowed it from, he flies down to Buenos Aires. Larry is hired to play the Baron to confuse his rival, Machado , but at the stock market, he buys the remainder of the airline stock. That evening, at the party, Larry is hired again to play the Baron. He does not want the Baroness to know, but Cecilia is informed without his knowing. He sweeps her off her feet and they stay close to each other for the remainder of the evening. Meanwhile, Carmen is furious to discover that Larry is at the party and decides to go there as well, where she discovers that he is impersonating the Baron. To make matter worse, the real Baron returns to his house, confusing all involved. Machado corners Larry instead and talks to him in French, which Larry can't understand. After the party, the Baron discovers that Cecilia was flirting with Larry for the evening and tries to play the joke on her. She, however, inadvertently turns the tables on him. To get back at his wife, the next morning, the Baron calls and tells Cecilia that his plane has just landed. Cecilia is scared that she has been unfaithful to Manuel but Larry later tells her the truth. At the office, Machado gives the Baron a payment of $32 million for his airline, the topic of his conversation with Larry. The Baron heads home but Cecilia tries one more time to get back at him by pretending to make violent love to Larry. It turns out to be the Baron and all is soon resolved in the end."] [' Kermit the Frog enjoys a relaxing afternoon in a Florida swamp, singing "Rainbow Connection" and strumming his banjo, when he is approached by an agent who encourages Kermit to pursue a career in show business. Inspired by the idea of "making millions of people happy," Kermit sets off on a cross-country trip to Hollywood, but is soon pursued by the villainous Doc Hopper and his shy assistant Max in an attempt to convince Kermit to be the new spokesman of his struggling French-fried frog legs restaurant franchise, at which Kermit is horrified. As Kermit continues to spurn Doc\'s advances, Hopper resorts to increasingly vicious means of persuasion. Kermit then meets Fozzie Bear, who had been working as a hapless stand-up comedian in a sleazy bar. Kermit invites Fozzie to accompany him, and the two set out in Fozzie’s Studebaker. The duo’s journey includes misadventures which introduce them to a variety of eccentric human and Muppet characters, including Dr. Teeth and The Electric Mayhem and their manager Scooter , Gonzo and Camilla the Chicken, Sweetums , and the immediately love stricken Miss Piggy. Kermit and Miss Piggy begin a relationship over dinner that night, when Doc Hopper and Max kidnap Miss Piggy to lure Kermit into a trap. Using an electronic cerebrectomy device, mad scientist Professor Krassman , brainwashes Kermit to perform in Doc’s commercials until Miss Piggy, insulted by the Krassman, breaks free in a rage and defeats Doc Hopper\'s henchmen. After receiving a job offer, however, she promptly abandons Kermit in the restaurant alone and sad. After being joined by Rowlf the Dog, and eventually Miss Piggy once more, the Muppets continue their journey. Their car breaks down and during a campfire that night, they sadly consider that they may miss the audition tomorrow, and Gonzo cheers up most of the group with a song about his longing to find his place in the world, while Kermit wanders off, ashamed of himself for seemingly bringing his friends into a dead end, and wondering whether his dreams were really worth leaving home for. Upon consulting a more optimistic vision of himself, Kermit remembers that it was not just his friends\' belief in the dream that brought them this far, but also his own faith in himself. Reinvigorated, he returns to camp to find that the Electric Mayhem have read the script in advance, and arrived to help them the rest of the way. Just as it seems they are finally on their way, the group is warned by Max that Doc Hopper has hired an assassin to kill Kermi. Kermit decides he will not be hunted by a bully any longer and proposes a Western-style showdown in a nearby ghost town inhabited by Dr. Bunsen Honeydew and his assistant Beaker, who invent materials that have yet to be tested. While confronting Hopper, Kermit explains his motivations, attempting to appeal to Hopper’s own hopes and dreams, but Hopper is unmoved and orders his henchmen to kill him and all his friends. They are saved only when one of Dr. Bunsen\'s inventions, "insta-grow" pills, temporarily turns Animal into a giant, scaring off Hopper and his men. The Muppets proceed to Hollywood, and are hired by producer and studio executive Lew Lord . The Muppets attempt to make their first movie; a surreal pastiche of their experiences. The first take suddenly erupts into a catastophic explosion that makes a hole in the roof, through which a portion of rainbow shines through on the Muppets. The film ends as the Muppets, the characters from Sesame Street, the characters from Emmet Otter\'s Jug-Band Christmas, and the characters from "The Land of Gorch" segment of Saturday Night Live sing "Rainbow Connection." As the movie ends, Sweetums bursts through the screen having finally caught up with the rest of the Muppets.'] [" When the Manhattan investment firm of Sherwood Nash  goes broke, he joins forces with his partner Snap  and fashion designer Lynn Mason  to provide discount shops with cheap copies of Paris couture dresses. Lynn discovers that top designer Oscar Baroque  gets his inspiration from old costume books, and she begins to create designs the same way, signing each one with the name of an established designer. Sherwood realizes Baroque's companion, the alleged Grand Duchess Alix , is really Mabel McGuire, his old friend from Hoboken, New Jersey, and threatens to reveal her identity unless she convinces Baroque to design the costumes of a musical revue in which she will star. Baroque buys a supply of ostrich feathers from Sherwood's crony Joe Ward  and starts a fashion rage. Sherwood then opens Maison Elegance, a new Paris fashion house that's a great success until Baroque discovers Lynn is forging his sketches. He has him arrested, but Sherwood convinces the police to give him time to straighten out the situation. He crashes Baroque and Alix's wedding and promises to humiliate the designer by publicly revealing who is bride really is unless Baroque withdraws the charges. The designer agrees and purchases Maison Elegance from Sherwood, who assures Lynn he'll never get involved in another illegal activity if she returns to America with him. {{multiple image}}"] ['This film takes place in the city of Rome sometime during the reign of Emperor Nero. Pseudolus  is "the lyingest, cheatingest, sloppiest slave in all of Rome", whose only wish is to buy his freedom from his master\'s parents, the henpecked Senex  and his dominating wife Domina . When he finds out that his master, Senex\'s handsome but dim son Hero , has fallen in love with Philia , a beautiful virgin courtesan from the house of Marcus Lycus , buyer and seller of beautiful women. Next door, Pseudolus makes a deal: he will get the girl for Hero in return for his freedom. Unfortunately, the virgin has been sold to the great Roman soldier, Captain Miles Gloriosus , who even now is on his way from conquering Crete to claim her as his bride. Pseudolus blackmails his overseer, Hysterium  into masquerading as the corpse of Philia to fool the captain, but things go wrong at every turn. In the end, the boy gets the girl; Senex\'s next-door neighbor Erronius  finds that Philia and Miles Gloriosus are in fact his long-lost children; and Pseudolus gets his freedom, a beautiful concubine to be his wife, and a dowry of 10,000 minae, compliments of Marcus Lycus.'] ['On a Greek island called Kalokairi, 20-year-old bride-to-be Sophie Sheridan  posts three wedding invitations ("[[I Have a Dream  to different men, who set off for the wedding. Sophie\'s bridesmaids and best friends, Ali and Lisa , arrive before the wedding. Sophie reveals that she found her mother\'s diary and learned she has three possible fathers: New York-based Irish architect Sam Carmichael , Swedish adventurer and writer Bill Anderson , and British banker Harry Bright . She invited them without telling her mother, believing that after she spends time with them she will know who her father is . Villa owner Donna Sheridan  is ecstatic to reunite with her former bandmates, wisecracking author Rosie  and wealthy multiple divorcée Tanya , and reveals her bafflement at her daughter\'s desire to get married. Donna shows off the villa, rumoured to be built on the legendary fountain of Aphrodite, and explains her precarious finances to Rosie and Tanya . The three men arrive, and Sophie smuggles them to their room and explains that she, not her mother, sent the invitations. She begs them to hide so Donna will have a surprise at the wedding: seeing the old friends of whom she "so often" favourably speaks. They overhear Donna working (humming "[[Fernando  and swear to Sophie they will not reveal her secret. Donna spies them and is dumbfounded to find herself facing former lovers she could never forget ("[[Mamma Mia , and is adamant that they leave. She confides in Tanya and Rosie  a secret she has kept from everyone — she is uncertain which of the three men is Sophie\'s father. Tanya and Rosie rally her spirits by getting Donna to dance with the female staff and islanders . Sophie finds the men aboard Bill\'s yacht, and they sail around Kalokairi  and tell stories of Donna as a carefree girl. Sophie musters up the courage to speak with her fiancée Sky  about her ploy, but loses her nerve. Sky and Sophie sing to each other , but are interrupted when Sky is snatched for his bachelor party. At Sophie\'s hen party, Donna, Tanya and Rosie perform as Donna and The Dynamos ("[[Super Trouper . Sophie is delighted to see her mother rock out, but becomes nervous when the festivities are interrupted by the arrival of Sam, Bill and Harry. She decides to talk with each of her three prospective dads alone. While her girlfriends dance with the men ("[[Gimme! Gimme! Gimme!|Gimme! Gimme! Gimme! , Sophie learns from Bill that Donna received the money to invest in her villa from his great aunt Sofia. Sophie guesses she must be Sofia\'s namesake and Bill is her father. She asks him to give her away and to keep their secret from Donna until the wedding. Sophie\'s happiness is short-lived as Sam and Harry each tell her they must be her dad and will give her away ("[[Voulez-Vous . A shocked Sophie cannot tell them the truth and, overwhelmed by the consequences of her actions, faints. In the morning, Rosie and Tanya reassure Donna they will take care of the men. On Bill\'s boat, Bill and Harry are about to confide in each other, but are interrupted by Rosie. Donna confronts Sophie in the courtyard, believing Sophie wants the wedding stopped. Sophie says that all she wants is to avoid her mother\'s mistakes and storms off. An upset Donna is accosted by Sam, concerned about Sophie getting married so young. Donna confronts him and both realize they still have feelings for each other ("[[SOS . Down on the beach, Tanya and young Pepper  continue their flirtations from the previous night . Sophie confesses to Sky and asks for his help. He reacts angrily to his fiancée\'s deception and Sophie turns to her mother for support. As Donna helps her daughter dress for the wedding, their rift is healed and Donna reminisces about Sophie\'s childhood and how quickly she has grown . Sophie asks Donna to give her away. As the bridal party walks to the chapel, Sam intercepts Donna and begs her to talk. She reveals the pain she felt over losing him . When Sophie and Donna are walking down the aisle, the band plays the tune of "Knowing Me, Knowing You". Donna tells Sophie that her father is present but he could be any of the three men, whom Sophie admits to inviting. Sam reveals that although he left to get married, he did not go through with it, and returned only to find Donna with another man. Harry confesses that Donna was the first and last woman he loved, and reveals he has begun a relationship with a waiter from the taverna.  The three men concur that they would be happy to be one-third of a father for Sophie. She tells Sky that they should postpone their wedding and travel the world as they have wanted. Sam proposes to Donna . She accepts and they are married. At the wedding reception, Sam sings to Donna ("[[When All Is Said and Done , which prompts Rosie to make a play for Bill . All the couples present proclaim their love , as their raucous dancing causes the ground to crack and erupt with water from the fountain of Aphrodite. Sophie and Sky bid farewell to Kalokairi and sail away . During the principal credits, Donna, Tanya and Rosie reprise "Dancing Queen", followed by "Waterloo" with the rest of the cast. Amanda Seyfried sings "Thank You for the Music" over the end credits.'] ['{{Main}} Cervantes and his manservant have been imprisoned by the Spanish Inquisition, and a manuscript by Cervantes is seized by his fellow inmates, who subject him to a mock trial in order to determine whether the manuscript should be returned. Cervantes\' defense is in the form of a play, in which Cervantes takes the role of Alonso Quijano, an old gentleman who has lost his mind and now believes that he should go forth as a knight-errant. Quijano renames himself Don Quixote de La Mancha, and sets out to find adventures with his "squire", Sancho Panza.'] ['The cartoon focuses on a Donkey, a Dog, a Cat, and a Rooster and their master Troubadour , all of whom are voiced by Oleg Anofriyev, with the exception of the Donkey, who is voiced by Anatoli Gorokhov. The young musician falls in love with a princess, voiced by Elmira Zherzdeva, and, after some troubles solutions, they run away so that they can continue their love affair.'] ['Bad News Johnson, a con artist from Memphis, Tennessee, arrives in Dallas, Texas, accompanied by his dim sidekick July Jones with only twenty-five cents between them. Johnson is constantly exasperated at Jones’ deficient perspicacity, and at one point he comments Jones is so dense that he probably thinks "Veronica Lake is some kind of summer resort." The duo arrange to become boarders at the home of Louella "Mama Lou" Holiday, who is fooled into believing Johnson is an acting teacher named Whitney Vanderbilt; Jones takes the alias of Cornbread Green. Mrs. Holiday agrees to give the men free room and board if they will provide poise lessons to her daughter, an aspiring beauty queen named Honey Dew. The lessons pay off and Honey Dew wins the beauty contest, but problems arise when Mrs. Holiday’s husband, Papa Sam, decides to hold a party for the new beauty queen at a disreputable juke joint.“Overview for Juke Joint,” Turner Classic Movies'] ['Carefree vagabond Johnny Rutledge  is stuck in a small town when his medicine show employer and friend Professor Mordecai Ford  is put in jail. He befriends a young girl named May Chalotte . She, her brothers January ([[Gary Gray  and February ([[Billy Gray , and her twin brothers March  and April  are orphans. However, fearful of being separated, they haven\'t told anybody. Johnny finds himself being "adopted" as their uncle. Johnny starts working hard to support his new family, working on a farm during the week and singing and waiting tables on Sunday in a restaurant owned by Jericho Schlosser . Johnny makes the acquaintance of lovely heiress Prudence Millett  when she comes to inquire why the children are not in school. A romance begins to blossom, despite Johnny\'s determination to remain free of entanglements. When wealthy, unloved Jeffrey Gilland Sr.  orders Johnny to keep his disreputable children away from his son Jeffrey Jr. , Johnny scuffles with him and gets thrown in jail. He is bailed out by Prudence, but his troubles are not over. Plato Cassin  finds out about the children\'s parents and blackmails Johnny into agreeing to marry one of his older, spinster sisters, Genevieve  or Adelaide , in order to keep the kids.  Plato also convinces Prudence that Johnny was using the children to romance her. After thinking it over, Johnny decides to run away with Professor Ford. May overhears and invites people to her birthday party, intending it to be a going-away party for Johnny. Prudence shows up, having seen how far Johnny is willing to go for the children, and suggests he marry her instead. Adelaide proves to be a sport; they toss a coin for Johnny. Prudence wins, and Professor Ford leaves town alone.'] ["Rusty Wells  and his band are just about ready to leave Chicago for their annual spring break trip to Fort Lauderdale. That is, until Big Frank  extends their stay at his club. Big Frank's daughter, Valerie  decides to go to Lauderdale with her friends for spring break, so he gets Rusty and his band to look after her and to make sure she stays out of trouble. While he attempts that, Rusty has to contend with a good-time girl Deena , who has no patience for guys who stand her up or keep her waiting."] ['Elvis Presley is Lonnie Beale, an out-of-work rodeo star trying to make ends meet until the season starts up again. He comes to the town of Zuni Wells  because a friend says he can get a job on a ranch, but his friend is nowhere to be found. Having no other option, Lonnie begins singing in a local club, but he gets fired after a fight with one of the customers. Thankfully, Vera Radford  sees his performance and offers him a job at a ranch she runs called the Circle-Z to take care of the horses. The Circle-Z is not what Lonnie expected, though: It is a guest ranch where actresses and models go to lose weight and to get in shape, a fitness salon, referred to as "Yogurt Gulch". After upsetting the staff a few times by disrupting activities with his singing, Lonnie follows Pam Meritt  to the nearby ghost town of Silverado where he learns that one of her relatives has hidden a treasure. While there, they have a comical vision of what the town must have been like when it was still populated. Back at the ranch, people keep trying to abduct Pam to find out what she knows about the location of the treasure. In specific, they want to get their hands on a letter in Pam\'s possession. Lonnie finds himself defending her more than once. Lonnie and Pam soon begin a relationship, but matters are complicated when Vera throws herself at him and Pam walks in on them. There is a brief interlude where Western films are spoofed and parodied in a comedy sequence where Lonnie Beal is the Panhandle Kid, a milk drinking cowboy, with Pam Meritt and Stanley Potter  in costume as characters in the saloon. When rodeo season starts, Lonnie goes on the circuit, but because things were left unresolved with Pam, he is unable to do his job well. Every time he tries to call her, she hangs up on him, and when he writes to her, she sends it back, marked "Return to Sender" . Eventually, one of the ranch hands, Stanley Potter, finds Lonnie on the circuit and talks him into confronting Pam. When the two reach the Circle-Z, Pam is on her way to Silverado, so they follow her. A fierce storm begins when they arrive, so the trio decide to spend the night in a deserted hotel. But the hotel is not as deserted as they think. It seems to be haunted, as strange things keep happening to Pam and Stanley whenever Lonnie is not around. Eventually we learn that the ghosts and goblins in the hotel are actually masked men trying to get to Pam\'s treasure. Finally, the men after the treasure are defeated and unmasked, and the hiding place of the treasure is discovered in the hotel. Lonnie and Pam decide to get married, and they have a big reception at the Circle-Z. Stanley gets tangled up in the decorations behind their car. The film ends with Lonnie singing to Pam as they drive off toward their honeymoon, dragging Stanley in a metal tub behind them.'] ["The emotions of an extended upper-class family in Manhattan are followed in song from NY to Paris and Venice. Various friends/lovers/acquaintances/relatives act, interact, and sing, in New York, Venice and Paris. Young lovers Holden and Skylar in Manhattan; Skylar's parents, Bob and Steffi; Joe, an ex-husband of Steffi; DJ, a daughter from the marriage of Joe and Steffi; Von, a lady whom Joe meets in Venice; a recently-released prison inmate, Charles Ferry, who is inserted between Skyler and Holden, resulting in their breakup."] ['Dana Marschz  is a recovering alcoholic and failed actor who has become a high school drama teacher in Tucson, Arizona, "where dreams go to die". Despite considering himself an inspirational figure, he only has two enthusiastic students, Rand  and Epiphany , and a history of producing poorly-received school plays that are essentially stage adaptations of popular Hollywood films (his latest being [[Erin Brockovich . When the new term begins, a new intake of students are forced to transfer into his class as it is the only remaining arts elective available due to budget cutbacks; they are mostly unenthusiastic and unconvinced by Dana’s pretentions, and Dana comes into conflict with Octavio , one of the new students. Dana is floored when Principal Rocker  notifies him that the drama program is to be shut down at the end of the term. Seeking to inspire his students, Dana undertakes to write and produce an original play: a sequel to Hamlet featuring time travel to avoid the deaths of the characters, and new, more controversial content, including the introduction of Jesus Christ  as one of the characters, complete with a song-and-dance number titled "Rock Me Sexy Jesus." The kids gradually warm to the project, but Rand &mdash; cast as a bi-curious Laertes and overshadowed by Octavio as Hamlet &mdash; storms out of the drama group and provides a copy of the play’s script to Principal Rocker, who orders Dana to stop the controversial production. Dana is further traumatized when his wife Brie  leaves him for the uninteresting, but fertile, boarder Gary  they had taken into their home to supplement their modest income, and reveals that he himself is infertile. Despondent, Dana falls off the wagon and tries to abandon the project, but his students encourage him to continue, arranging an abandoned warehouse and rave spot, technical assistance, and security being provided by the high school\'s football and wrestling teams. Dana also learns that the cancellation of the play has become a civil liberties issue encouraged by fanatical ACLU activist Cricket Feldstein . As a result, the play opens to a sold-out house, including a critic from The New York Times. Rand returns to the group, apologizing for his desertion; Dana allows him to return to the role of Laertes. The play itself initially meets with a mixed reception, due to its controversial content and mangling of the original play; in keeping with a running joke throughout the movie, much of the content revolves around the characters using time travel to mend their troubled relationships with their fathers; it ends with both Hamlet and Jesus forgiving their fathers for the wrongs done to them. Although initially reluctant to engage with the play, with several protesters infiltrating the audience to stage a direct protest, the play gradually wins the audience over. The film ends with Dana and his favorite actress, Elisabeth Shue &mdash; who he is now dating &mdash; meeting Dana’s students to prepare for the show\'s Broadway opening, complete with original cast.'] ['The plot revolves around billionaire Jean-Marc Clement  who learns that he is to be satirized in an off-Broadway revue. After going to the theatre, he sees Amanda Dell  rehearsing the Cole Porter song "My Heart Belongs to Daddy", and by accident the director thinks him an actor suitable to play himself in the revue. Clement takes the part in order to see more of Amanda and plays along with the mistaken identity, going by the name Alexander Dumas. Frankie Vaughan appears as a singer in the revue, while Milton Berle, Gene Kelly, and Bing Crosby appear in cameo roles as themselves trying to teach Clement how to deliver jokes, dance, and sing, respectively. Tony Randall in a supporting role portrays Clement\'s conflicted flunky.'] ["Elwin 'Bix' Bixby  is an unemployed Broadway musical director who agrees to stage the annual 100th Night show at West Point called for producer Harry Eberhart .{{cite web}}{{Cite news}}"] ['Set in 1950s Alabama, the film features an all African American cast . Keshia Knight Pulliam stars as Polly, an orphan who moves in with her Aunt Polly and attempts to unite the small Southern town during the segregation era. Polly proved to be a ratings hit and a sequel, Polly: Comin Home, followed in 1990. Both films are available on DVD exclusively from the Disney Movie Club and Disney Movie Rewards.'] ["On the closing night of a Broadway play, leading actress Frances Elliott {Ann Sothern) hosts a party attended by many guests, including her eccentric father Gregory , who is also an actor; her seventeen-year-old daughter, Nancy Barklay , an aspiring actress; and Brazilian playwright Ricardo Domingos, who is considering starring Frances in his next play. Frances eagerly pursues the part in Ricardo's play, and though she is virtually assured of the role, Ricardo asks her not publicize the news until a final decision is made. Later, Ricardo privately tells Frances' producer that Frances may not be right for the part and that he had a younger actress in mind. Then, when Ricardo meets Nancy, he instantly knows that he has found the perfect young woman for the role. The next day, Frances sets sail for Rio de Janeiro, where she intends to vacation and devote herself to studying her lines. Gregory accompanies Frances to Rio, while Nancy, who is about to star in a small stock company play, goes to Connecticut. After observing Nancy's acting abilities, Ricardo offers her the part that he promised Frances. Nancy accepts the role, though she is unaware that Ricardo has already promised it to her mother. Seeking the quiet she needs to study for the part, Nancy follows her mother and grandfather to Rio. On board the ship, businessman Paul Berten overhears Nancy rehearsing her lines and mistakenly concludes that she is a deserted wife and an expectant mother. Paul takes pity on Nancy and enlists the help of his business partner, Marina Rodrigues , to counsel the young girl. Nancy does not know that Paul is trying to help her and mistakes his paternal concern for a marriage proposal. She rejects Paul's apparent proposal, and bids him farewell when the ship reaches Rio. Soon after she is reunited with her mother, Nancy overhears her rehearsing her lines and immediately realizes that they are studying for the same part. The revelation devastates Nancy and prompts her to bow out of the play. She does not tell her mother that she was set to star in Ricardo's play, and instead informs her that she came to Rio to get married. Confusion abounds when Nancy later visits Paul at his office and tries to accept the marriage proposal she thought he had made. Paul is perplexed by her behavior, and still thinks that Nancy is pregnant and troubled. He sends her home to talk to her mother about her situation, but Nancy misunderstands him and thinks that he meant for her to discuss their impending marriage with her mother. Marina follows Nancy to her mother's house, and privately tells Frances about Nancy's supposed pregnancy. The confusion is heightened when Frances misunderstands her daughter's anguish and concludes that she must be pregnant by Paul. Frances demands a private meeting with Paul, during which he reveals his romantic attraction to Frances. Frances leaves Paul in disgust, but the situation is soon clarified when Paul tells Gregory that he had only just met Nancy on the boat. Gregory immediately recognizes Nancy's supposed predicament from the story of the play that Frances was reading, and explains the situation to Frances. When Frances learns the truth about Paul, she changes her impression of him and they embark on a romance. After announcing her engagement to Paul, Frances withdraws from Ricardo's play and suggests Nancy as her replacement. All ends happily when the show opens in New York with Nancy in the starring role."] ['Dewey Cox begins his quest for stardom in Springberry, Alabama in 1946. While playing with his brother Nate, Dewey accidentally cuts his brother in half at the waist with a machete. This leads Dewey\'s father  to frequently repeat the phrase "The wrong kid died" throughout the film. The trauma causes Dewey to lose his sense of smell&nbsp;&ndash; "you\'ve gone smell blind," states Dewey\'s mother. After his brother\'s death is announced by a physician making a housecall, Dewey\'s mother  sends him to the local store to buy some butter and a candle. There, he meets a blues guitarist , who lets Dewey play his guitar. Dewey is a natural. After a successful, yet oddly controversial, talent show performance, then fourteen-year-old Dewey  decides to leave Springberry with his newly-identified 12-year-old girlfriend, Edith . They soon marry and have a baby; Edith begins to criticize Dewey and insist that his dream of being a musician will never happen. While working at an all-African American nightclub, Dewey gets a break when he replaces singer Bobby Shad ([[Craig Robinson  at the last minute, much to the delight of the Hasidic Jewish record executives attending the show. Dewey then is brought to the studio where he is interrupted while recording a rockabilly rendition of "That\'s Amore". The recording executive  berates Dewey as talentless. Backed into a corner, Dewey makes the first recording of "Walk Hard", the song inspired by a speech Dewey gave to Edith. Within 35 minutes, the song becomes a hit, and Dewey begins to get caught up in the fame of rock and roll. When Dewey stumbles upon a room of groupies smoking with drummer Sam , Sam introduces Dewey to marijuana. Sam tells Dewey to leave because he "don\'t want no part of this shit"  but Dewey eventually tries it and continues to do so every time he finds Sam with a new drug. His attitude and drug problems cause him to become unfaithful to Edith. Dewey\'s father then returns to inform Dewey that Dewey\'s mother has died. Pa manages to make Dewey feel responsible for her death, contributing to an already high level of inner turmoil. Dewey is then introduced to cocaine, which leads to a change in his music to a louder, "punk" type. With the addition of backup singer Darlene Madison , Dewey produces several more hit records. However, they become attracted to each other, and Dewey weds Darlene while still married to Edith, which leads to both women leaving him. Dewey is eventually busted after purchasing drugs from an undercover cop, serves time in jail, and spends time in rehab before Darlene returns. They then move to Berkeley, California, in 1966 at the beginning of the \'60s counterculture movement. Dewey writes protest songs for dwarfs. His singing style is then compared by a reporter to that of Bob Dylan, which Dewey angrily denies. In the next scene, a music video shows that Dewey\'s new song mimics Dylan\'s style, including opaque lyrics . During a visit with his band to India, Dewey takes LSD with The Beatles , which causes Dewey to lose touch with reality yet again and have a Yellow Submarine-esque hallucination. Dewey becomes obsessed with every aspect of the recording process and is consumed with creating his masterpiece entitled Black Sheep (an homage to Brian Wilson\'s [[Smile . The band does not appreciate his insane style of music and his continuous abuse of the others in the group. As a result the band breaks up; Darlene is also unable to deal with Dewey\'s insanity and drug problems and leaves him. Dewey goes through another stay in rehab, where he is visited by Nate\'s ghost . Nate ridicules Dewey\'s self-pity and tells him to start writing songs again. Dewey is next seen jogging into the 1970s, and hosting a CBS variety television show. But his song-block prevents him from writing a masterpiece for his brother. . Nate appears again and tells Dewey that he needs to tell Pa that he loves him. Although Dewey\'s father appreciates his courage, he challenges Dewey to a fight to the death with machetes. However, Pa accidentally cuts himself in half. Just before he dies, the senior Cox forgives Dewey, and tells him to be a better father than he was. His death causes Dewey to have an emotional breakdown and he destroys almost everything in his home. Dewey accepts that it is time to focus on spending time with his numerous children. Darlene returns to him in 1992. Dewey talks to Darlene about what he has done since they last met. After finally understanding what is most important to him, Dewey regains his sense of smell. In 2007, Dewey becomes popular with younger listeners through rapper Lil\' Nutzzak\'s sampling of "Walk Hard". Dewey is upset about this at first, but pays it little mind when he is informed that he is to receive the lifetime achievement award. Dewey is reluctant to play a song at first, fearing the temptations he once succumbed to, but his wife, children and grandchildren put their full support behind him. Dewey reunites with his band, and he is finally able to fulfill his dream of creating one great masterpiece that sums up his entire life with his final song, "Beautiful Ride." Dewey dies 3 minutes after the performance.'] ["A lovable rogue named Finian McLonergan absconds from his native Ireland with a pot of gold secreted in a carpetbag, plus his daughter Sharon in tow. His destination is Rainbow Valley in the mythical state of Missitucky, where he plans to bury his treasure in the mistaken belief that, given its close proximity to Fort Knox, it will multiply. Hot on his heels is the leprechaun Og, desperate to recover his stolen crock before he turns human. Among those involved in the ensuing shenanigans are Woody Mahoney, a ne'er-do-well dreamer who woos Sharon; his mute sister Susan, who expresses herself in dance; Woody's good friend and business partner Howard, an African American botanist determined to grow mentholated tobacco, and bombastic Senator Billboard Rawkins, who wears his bigotry as if it were a badge of honor. Complications arise when Rawkins, believing there is gold in Rainbow Valley, attempts to seize the land from the people who live there and makes some racial slurs while doing so. Sharon furiously wishes he'd turn black himself&mdash;and, because she is in close proximity to the magical pot of gold, which is capable of granting three wishes, Rawkins does exactly that. Sharon is accused of witchcraft and sentenced to be burned at the stake unless she can make him white again. To save his daughter, Finian tries to find the pot of gold, unaware Susan has discovered it and hidden it under a bridge. Rawkins eventually meets Og, who quickly realizes what caused the Senator's change in race. Seeing that the change of skin color did nothing to alter his hateful racism, Og casts a spell to make Rawkins more open-minded. Sharon and Woody gather in the barn to be married, but the Sheriff, his deputies and the local District Attorney barricade the doors and promise to burn the building down if Rawkins isn't white by sunrise. Og meets with Susan on the bridge under which the gold is hidden and, after passionately kissing her, wishes she could talk. When she begins to speak, Og realizes they're standing above the gold. For a brief moment he considers using the final wish to retain his leprechaun status and return to the fairy world. Instead he decides he would rather remain human with Susan and wishes for Rawkins to be white once more. Thanks to the now-empty crock helping to put out an accidental fire that was about to consume the barn, Howard's mentholated tobacco experiments become successful, ensuring financial success for all the poor people of Rainbow Valley, both white and black. Sharon and Woody are wed, and bid a fond farewell to Finian, who leaves Rainbow Valley in search of his own rainbow."] ['An anthropologist, Professor Robert Orville Sutwell  is secretly studying the "wild mating habits" of Southern California teenagers who hang out at the beach and use strange surfing jargon. After he temporarily paralyzes Eric Von Zipper , the leader of the local outlaw motorcycle gang, who was making unwanted advances on Dolores , Dolores develops a crush on the Professor. Her surfing boyfriend Frankie , the local Big Kahuna, becomes jealous and begins flirting with Ava , a Hungarian waitress. Meanwhile, Sutwell\'s assistant Marianne  further develops her crush on the Professor. Von Zipper and his gang plot to bring down Sutwell, only to be thwarted in the end by the surfing teenagers.'] ['{{Plot}} Robert "Fish" Fishman  was the drummer for Vesuvius, a local heavy metal/glam metal band from Cleveland, Ohio. After playing a local gig, Fish\'s bandmates are approached by their manager, who says that a label is interested in them but will not sign them unless they get rid of Fish. The band agrees. Twenty years later, Fish leads an unhappy life by failing at another cubicle job, breaking up with his girlfriend, and having to move in with his sister , her husband, and two kids. Fish finds himself living in the attic looking for work. Matt , Fish\'s nephew, plays keyboard in an alternative rock band called A.D.D., joined by the dark, brooding Curtis  and the no-nonsense Amelia . The band is set to play at the prom, but when their drummer gets thrown out of school, they search for a new one but with little to no success. They agree to ask Fish to play drums at their "gig" for only the one time. The prom turns into a disaster, being Fish\'s first time on stage in twenty years, and his drum solo takes over the prom King and Queen\'s dance. Fish tries to make amends by trying to get the band a gig. Eventually, he manages to organize a booking in Fort Wayne, Indiana. The band decides to sneak out in Fish\'s sister\'s minivan, but are soon caught by the police. When Fish is kicked out of his sister\'s house and rents the basement of his favorite Chinese restaurant, the band invents a new way to practice via four-way iChat. Because of the stuffy and hot atmosphere in Fish\'s new residence, he chooses to practice naked unwittingly in front of the camera, which is secretly recorded by Matt\'s little sister, and posts the recording on YouTube. A million hits later, A.D.D. signs a contract with David Marshall , an agent whose obnoxiousness outshines his poseur personality. The band wows audiences across the country, with everyone wanting to see the infamous "Naked Drummer". However, Fish commits stereotypical acts, despite the physical costs on his body, and he vandalizes a hotel room, which results in the band\'s arrest. After bailing them out, Kim, Curtis\'s mother , promises the other parents she will stay for the remainder of the tour, so their children will not be influenced by Fish\'s antics. As the tour continues, Fish and Kim find that they have similar interests and begin to find an attraction to each other. A.D.D. also shoots a music video which upon watching, all the band members are featured prominently except Fish, who notices that his face is being obscured during the entire video. Later on it is discovered that David does not want to promote Fish as a member of A.D.D. David informs the band that they are opening for Vesuvius in a free concert for their hometown of Cleveland, Ohio. Fish is enraged, refusing to open for the band he started, and the band sticks by his side and agrees not to do the show. During Fish\'s rage, Curtis\'s mother tries to calm him down by kissing him, which David witnesses. He tells Curtis, exaggerating the truth, hoping to get Fish fired. During their next concert, Curtis announces to the crowd that the band will do the show after all, much to Fish\'s dismay. After they have a heated argument in front of the crowd, Fish quits the band on the spot and leaves despite Kim\'s protests. Fish enters a downward spiral of depression as he throws away his treasured drumming sticks, cuts his hair, and has Stan get him a miserable job in the corporate world. Matt and Amelia convince Curtis that the band is nothing without the spirit of Fish after the label\'s newly appointed drummer does not fit in. Curtis apologizes to Fish, and then he convinces Fish to do the concert citing that he has a second chance at becoming the rock star he was destined to be. Upon arriving at the stadium before their performance, Fish encounters his former bandmates who have become pompous, vain and arrogant, with faux-British accents and a new drummer named Sticks , who is actually from England. Vesuvius actually does not remember Fish until one bandmember says he faintly remembers. However, to his happiness, Fish finds that he is able to let the past go and wishes Vesuvius a great show, incidentally cursing them. Fish and the band play an incredible show, gaining a standing ovation from the audience. After their gig, Amelia and Curtis, and Fish and Kim both start a relationship. Vesuvius takes the stage, and during their set the lead singer\'s microphone falls off the stand while the voice track of their song continues, revealing that they were lip-syncing the entire time, a stunt that Fish would never have done with Vesuvius or any other band. The audience goes into a huge rage, booing Vesuvius off the stage in a cloud of embarrassment, and chanting an encore for A.D.D. The band takes the stage again and performs for the crowd despite the advice of David, whom they fire on the spot for his obvious treachery.'] ['Construction worker Vince Everett  accidentally kills a drunk and belligerent man in a barroom brawl. He is sentenced to one to ten years in the state penitentiary for manslaughter. His new cellmate, washed-up country and western singer Hunk Houghton , after hearing Vince sing and strum his guitar, starts teaching him. Hunk convinces Vince to participate in an upcoming inmate show which is broadcast on nationwide television. Vince gets numerous fan letters as a result, but Hunk sees to it they are not delivered. Hunk then convinces a reluctant Vince to sign a contract to become equal partners in his act.  Upon his release 20 months later, Vince is finally given his fan mail by the warden. Hunk promises Vince a singing job at a nightclub owned by a friend. At the club, Vince meets Peggy Van Alden , a promoter for singing star Mickey Alba. Vince is surprised when the club owner  refuses to let him sing and instead offers him a job as a busboy. Determined to prove the skeptic wrong, Vince goes on stage when the house band takes a break. He starts to sing "Young and Beautiful", but, enraged by a customer who is paying no attention and laughing about something else, smashes his guitar and storms out of the club. Peggy follows Vince out and convinces him to record a demo so that he can listen to himself. Vince does not like what he hears, but Peggy helps him improve. Vince then makes a recording of "Don\'t Leave Me Now", which Peggy takes to Geneva Records. The manager is unimpressed, but agrees to play the tape for his boss in New York. The next day, Peggy informs Vince that the song has been sold. She then takes Vince to a party at her parents\' home, but Vince offends a guest he mistakenly believes is belittling him and leaves. When an angry and offended Peggy confronts him, Vince steals two kisses. When they go to buy Vince\'s hit single, however, Vince and Peggy are shocked to discover that the recording is Mickey Alba\'s. Vince storms into the Geneva Records office and slaps the manager. To avoid having his work stolen again, Vince suggests that he and Peggy form their own record company, which they name Laurel Records, and hire attorney Mr. Shores ([[Vaughn Taylor . For his first project with his new label, Vince records "Treat Me Nice", and begins pitching it. Rejected by everyone, Peggy finally convinces friend and disc jockey Teddy Talbot ([[Dean Jones  to air the song. It becomes an immediate hit. Later that evening, Vince kisses Peggy and asks her out to celebrate, but is disappointed when he finds out that she has already accepted a dinner date with Teddy. Vince later gets the chance to appear again on television. During a party, he introduces Peggy to Laury Jackson , a singer Vince has signed to the label. A little later, Hunk arrives, having been paroled, and persuades a reluctant Vince to give him a spot on the upcoming TV show. Vince rehearses "Jailhouse Rock" in a stylized "cell block" with other "inmates". Hunk\'s number is cut because his style of music has become outdated. Afterward, Vince points out that according to his lawyer, the contract Hunk had him sign in prison is worthless, but Vince offers him ten percent—not fifty—which Hunk accepts.  Within a few months, Vince is a star, but Peggy is no longer on speaking terms with him, as he has let his success go to his head. Vince then signs a movie deal with Climax Studios. The studio head asks him to spend the day with his new leading lady, Sherry Wilson , for publicity purposes. The actress is less than thrilled with her co-star at first, but eventually falls for him. Meanwhile, Hunk grows increasingly tired of Vince and his self-centered attitude. When Peggy shows up unexpectedly, Vince is happy to see her at first, but becomes upset when she says she came only to talk about business. Mr. Shores then approaches him with an extravagant offer from Geneva Records to purchase Laurel Records and sign him to a rich contract. Peggy refuses to sell, but Vince announces that he is going ahead with the deal since he owns controlling interest, which upsets her. Finally pushed too far by Vince\'s treatment of Peggy, Hunk repeatedly punches the star, even though Vince refuses to fight back. Hunk finally hits Vince in the throat, endangering his singing ability. Vince is rushed to a hospital. Vince forgives the contrite Hunk, and realizes he loves Peggy and she loves him. Though his doctor declares that his vocal cords are fully recovered, Vince is worried that his singing voice might have been affected, but a rendition of "Young and Beautiful" to Peggy reassures him.'] ['Winthrop Putnam is the Assistant Secretary to the Assistant to the Undersecretary of State, and was formerly Assistant Assistant Secretary to the Assistant to the Undersecretary of State. He sends an invitation to Ethel Barrymore to represent the American theatre at an art exposition in Paris. Instead, the invitation is received and accepted by Ethel "Dynamite" Jackson, an All-American Broadway chorus girl. Ethel and Winthrop meet on the way to Paris and fall in love. However, Winthrop is engaged to Marcia Sherman, daughter of his boss Secretary Robert Sherman. After a misunderstanding, Winthrop and Ethel ultimately end up together.'] ['{{Plot}} In 1919, Terrance  and Molly  Donahue, a husband-and-wife vaudeville team known as the Donahues, pursue both a stable family life as well as success with their rendition of Midnight Train to Alabam. The kids Steve, Katy, and Tim join the act one by one, their act eventually becomes the Five Donahues. Molly persuades Terry to send them to a Catholic boarding school, but the youngsters continually try to run away. Terry and Molly buy a home in New Jersey for their brood, but when the Depression hits Terry and Molly are forced to take whatever jobs they can find. Eventually, movie theaters come to their rescue by providing live stage entertainment, and the Donahues are back to performing. In 1937, Tim graduates from high school, and the act becomes the Five Donahues once again. The family is a success and have soon hit the top, thrilling audiences at New York\'s famed Hippodrome Theatre with an extravagant multi-themed performance of "Alexander\'s Ragtime Band". One night after a show, a worried Molly and Terry return home alone while Katy goes out on a date, Steve takes a walk, and the womanizing Tim goes out with an older chorus girl. Katy and Tim both wind up at a nightclub, Gallagher\'s Golden Pheasant Room, where Tim teases Victoria Hoffman,  a hatcheck girl about the unnatural elocution her singing teacher has instructed her to practice. Vicky forgets Tim\'s wisecracks though, when Eddie, her agent, informs her that he has persuaded famed producer Lew Harris to visit the club. With the help of her co-workers, Vicky gets onstage and impresses Lew and Tim with her singing After You Get What You Want, . Backstage, Vicky learns that Tim is one of the well known Donahues but quickly dismisses him in order to talk business with Harris. Back at the Donahue home, Molly and Terry welcome Katy and then Steve, who informs his family that he wants to become a priest. Terry is distraught over his son\'s decision, but their discussion is interrupted by the appearance of Tim, who got drunk after he was dismissed by Vicky. Escorting Tim upstairs to sleep it off and nearly drowning him by dunking his head into a large sink to sober him up, Molly worries aloud if he hasn\'t bitten off more than he can chew. Tim goes to sleep and Molly heads downstairs to deal with Katy being out all night, with her six-dollar and twenty-cent cab ride home, and with Steve\'s decision to become a priest.  Katy tells her father not to be so shocked and disappointed, because maybe Steve could end up a cardinal. Wailing in frustration, Terry tells the family that the only cardinal he wants in his family is one who plays ball for St. Louis . Later, having accepted Steve\'s choice, the family throws him a farewell party with songs, dances, and impressions, the centerpiece of which is a performance of their parents\' old Alabam\' act by Tim and Katy. Steve tells the assembly that he hopes everyone will come see his new act when it is worked up in the seminary over the next four years and follows this with an up-tempo jazz-influenced gospel tinged version of If You Believe after which Molly and the gang belt out a chorus of Remember. Molly is crying afterward and Terry is just about to, but they both understand that eventually the bird has to leave the nest and go out on his own. After the party, the rechristened Four Donahues accept an engagement in Miami. Upon arrival, Tim is thrilled to find that Vicky, now known as Vicky Parker, is also appearing there; however she is performing a considerably more sensual version of the same "Heat Wave" number as the family. After falling in complete lust with Vicky\'s performance, Tim gives his approval for her to perform the number without checking with the family beforehand. Vicky is a sensation and, although she gently shrugs off his proposals so that she can focus on her career, Tim falls in love with her as a result. Molly, still irate that Vicky "stole" her song, is further irritated upon learning that Harris is staging a Broadway revue around Vicky, and that Vicky wants Tim and Katy to join her without Molly and Terry. Realizing what a great opportunity this is, Terry persuades Molly to let the kids go and she agrees, on one condition. They have to take the four expensive Cuban costumes as well, originally intended for the family\'s version of the "Heat Wave" number they let Vicky perform instead. They all share a laugh, and soon Molly and Terry are performing on their own again while Tim and Katy rehearse with Vicky in New York. Katy begins dating Charlie Gibbs the show\'s tall and spare lyricist, and after Steve is ordained, he asks whether or not Steve can perform a small wedding ceremony in the near future. Shocked and annoyed, Katy demands to know whom Charlie plans to marry with her brother officiating, and Charlie tells her sweetly that she herself is the candidate. Having heard none of this in advance, Katy is pleasantly surprised and they set the date. Tim continues dating Vicky, but one night a wardrobe mistress passes in the hallway with a new dress, telling Vicky that Harris selected it as her opening statement. Feeling that the dress makes the most completely inappropriate opening statement not to mention being the most completely wrong shade of purple as well, she phones back to the club and postpones her dinner date with Tim in order to discuss the matter with Harris. The costume designer, a tall, spare haute-couture man chimes in, correcting her that the color is not purple; it\'s `heliotrope.\' Vicky angrily complains that no matter whether the dress is heliotrope, hydrangea, or petunia it\'s still the wrong shade of purple for her, not to mention the most completely unflattering style. Harris, equally annoyed, reminds Vicky that the dress cost $1400, and that\'s not heliotrope. Vicky loses track of time and stands Tim up, and Tim, mistakenly assuming that Vicky is having an affair with Harris, gets drunk and comes back to the theatre where he confronts Vicky about her supposed affair. She is stung by the accusation and annoyed that a fellow performer such as Tim, who was born to the business of performing, should chastise her for trying to follow her love of the theatre and doing whatever it takes to reach her goals. She denies his accusations but also spurns Tim in his drunken state. Tim leaves the theatre with one of the chorus girls, goes out and gets even more drunk, and becomes involved in a car accident. Molly and Terry learn of the accident just hours before opening night of the show for which Vicky and Katy have been rehearsing and Terry goes down to the hospital to confront Tim about his conduct. Tim rebuffs the advice, whereupon Terry slaps him across the face and storms out. In the meantime, Molly has gone down to the theatre to be with Katy in this trying time. Lew Harris is beside himself and trying to decide if he should postpone the opening, but Molly, who has been rehearsing extensively with Katy, convinces Harris that while she\'ll have to fake the dancing, a feat with which she\'s been getting away for decades, she can go on in Tim\'s place. After all is decided the show is a resounding success on opening night. The next day Terry and Molly go back to the hospital to pick up Tim but discover that he has vanished, leaving behind a note apologizing for his behavior. Molly and Terry are both heartbroken but decide to take action. While Molly continues to perform in the show, the Donahues hire private detectives to search for Tim, and they scour the clubs and bars of New York looking for him. After almost a year, Steve joins the Army as a chaplain, while Molly still blames Vicky for Tim\'s disappearance. When Molly tells Terry that the Donahues are being sought for a benefit performance at the Hippodrome before it is closed the following May, Terry shows no interest and instead disappears by train to search for Tim. During the montage, we see him reminisce about all the good times they shared with Tim. Months later, on the day of the benefit, Katy, who has become close friends with Vicky, arranges for her to share a dressing room with Molly. Annoyed at the arrangement, Molly begins to pack up and head upstairs for some peace and quiet, however, Katy not only tells her mother that she\'ll be doing nothing of the kind, but that she needs to apologize to Vicky for snubbing her at every turn for the past year. Incensed at this, Molly demands that Vicky speak up for herself about how true and deep her love is for Tim and Molly buys it.  Finally forgiving Vicky, Molly is also comforted by the arrival of Steve, who, after telling her that Vicky must be quite a girl for putting up with all Tim\'s shenanigans all this time, tells her not to lose hope. Molly agrees, telling Steve that she was wrong again. As Molly performs the title song, Steve and Katy watch from the wings; then Tim, wearing a US Navy uniform, appears behind them. Katy sees him first and takes him deeply into a silent embrace. His brother Steve follows and together they try to attract Molly\'s attention onstage, finally succeeding. Molly hesitates when she sees Tim but completes the number before running offstage to embrace her son. Tim tells her that he had to work things out for himself, and the family is finally complete when Terry joins them a few minutes later, having come to see the benefit after all. Thrilled to be reunited, the Five Donahues, with Vicky holding Tim\'s hand, go onstage and happily reprise a short encore of their version of "Alexander\'s Ragtime Band." The six principals then march down a flight of stairs out of view and a chorus of men and women all in multicolored flowing attire circle around the perimeter going up and down the stairs singing the title song. The six principals then come up on a platform in the middle thereof, adding their vocals to the chorus, and the film concludes with their finale.'] ['"Everyone knows someone who\'s had a run-in with an angry racoon. Some people even believe that racoons are smarter than people."{{cite web}} Outside the small rural town of Independence, college buddies Ty Smallwood  and Zach  join a small group of college students visiting the Raccoon Creek Campground to have what they hope will be the best summer break of their lives. Their hopes are dashed when they have run-ins with frat guys, rednecks, hippies, bible students, and an inept set of camp counselors. Things go from bad to worse when they discover that maniacal raccoons have targeted the camp with an intention to wreak havoc on all humanity. When one camper is murdered, the rest seek revenge and retaliation.'] ["Oliver Courtney  is an arrogant composer who lets other people work at songs he takes credit for. Bob Sommers  writes his tunes with Billy Starbuck . At the night of a social Christmas party, Oliver introduces Bob's song What Would Shakespeare Have Said? as his own. Later that night, Oliver thanks Bob for his loyalty and offers him a contract, securing him with $50 a week for a period of three years. He refuses, saying he would rather have a catboat to visit his uncle at his river hotel, called Nobody's Inn. After his lyric writer dies, Oliver assigns Cherry Lane  as his replacement. She is reluctant about serving as someone's ghost writer, but accepts his offer. He is satisfied with her first lyric. She becomes ambitious to write better lines, but isn't able to concentrate at home and is suggested to move to a small and quiet place. Meanwhile, Bob and Cherry meet several times, without knowing they are working with each other. She doesn't think highly of him. To work in a perfect environment, Cherry travels to Tarrytown and stays at Nobody's Inn. Bob decides to give the inn a visit at the same time and they are shocked when they run into each other yet again. They soon become acquainted and actually start liking each other. They even compose their own song. However, because they aren't allowed to tell who they are working for, they don't find out they're colleagues. She becomes mad at him when he plays the song she wrote the lines for, and states he wrote it himself. Bob is confused and travels back to town to resign. Cherry has come to office as well to inform her boss she thinks someone has stolen his lines. They are confronted with each other and realize they were working with each other all along. Bob and Cherry make up and decide to start their own music composing career as a pair. After a few unsuccessful auditions, Bob agrees to start a band. They audition at Mr. Westlake , who is only interested in Cherry. He offers her a job as a nightclub singer, but she is loyal to the band and rejects his offer. Bob notices it is a great opportunity for Cherry and gives her his consent to work for Mr. Westlake. He takes his job back as Oliver's ghost writer and raises $200 so Cherry can premiere with the song they wrote together at Nobody's Inn. However, she is unhappy at her new job and is helped by Bob to get her out of her contract. Oliver feels sympathy for them and pursues them not to walk away by announcing the song is not written by him. After announcing they will soon marry, Bob and Cherry perform their song."] ["{{very long}} On a hot day summer classes are being held. The remedial math class contains thirteen girls and a nervous teacher named Ozawa. Tomoko looks outside to see the school's brass band. Nakamura wants to quit the band but is unable to follow through. The band leaves for a baseball game, and moments later, the lunch truck arrives. Tomoko, wanting to escape math, decides to deliver the lunches with her friends. On the train ride, Tomoko eats a bento. They fall asleep and miss their stop. They lose some of the lunches in the fields while dodging a train. They meet Nakamura at the stadium and pass out the lunches. Nakamura demands to know where his lunch is, and Tomoko says she doesn't know. He then discovers rice on Tomoko's chin. He also notices that the band is sick as the lunches spoiled in the heat. All 42 and their teacher go to hospital. Tomoko watches it on the news and is petrified. The next day Nakamura holds an audition for new recruits. He gets two punks and a shy girl named Sekiguchi, who plays the recorder. Nakamura is desperate, and he hears Tomoko and the other girls outside. He stomps out and berates them because they messed up the lunches. He tells them that they must fill in for the band. The girls try to refuse, but Nakamura threatens to rat them out if they don't join. To escape math the girls reluctantly join. The girls start to clown around with the instruments, except for Sekiguchi. Nakamura has no control, until Sekiguchi accidentally knocks over some big band records. One rolls into the hands of the school's star baseball player, who hates Nakamura. While being confronted, Nakamura realizes that he can turn the girls into a big band as they are 8 people short of a brass band. He realizes that teaching brass band instruments to these girls will not be easy, as it needs to be done in time for the game next week. As the week rolls on, Nakamura trains them physically to improve their lungs. Sekiguchi alone strolls through the tasks with flying colors. Tomoko faces some conflicts with Nakamura, but realizes that she must get along with him. On the day before the game, the girls run through a jazz piece and are pretty good at it, although a little squeaky in some places. As they marvel at their work, all 42 brass band members walk in and take over again. Everyone except Sekiguchi is eager to get out, but once the girls step out of the building, they break down into tears because they realize that they liked playing in a big band. When school starts up again, Tomoko passes by the band room as the band members run through scales. She asks the band teacher what happen to Nakamura, and she tells her he finally quit. The band teacher offers Tomoko a chance to play, and she begins to accept, but as she enters the room she sees Sekiguchi. Remembering how cruelly she treated her back when the band was still in business, Tomoko leaves. She sells her computer and her little sister's PS2 to buy a used sax . A while later all the girls meet to discuss how to raise some money to buy new instruments. Some ideas are brought up but they are unfeasible, and despite the fact that Nakamura's family is well to do, he can't pitch in because he's afraid he'll get a beating from his parents. Finally they settle on an idea: they decide to get jobs. The girls work at a supermarket, and raise a lot of money, but Tomoko loses most of the money when she has to pay damages from accidentally starting a fire. As the girls leave, a shocking secret is discovered when it is learned that everyone except Tomoko, her best friend Yoshie, Sekiguchi, and Naomi have spent all of their hard-earned money on designer clothes. The girls who spent their money on clothes run off with the school's baseball players leaving the four with a small amount of money to continue the band on their own. They decide to go pick matsutake mushrooms. In the mountains, though, there is a trespassing fine, and forest rangers are heading in their direction. They try to escape, but a boar attacks them. Naomi climbs up a tree and falls down onto the boar's head. The boar is killed on impact. The rangers find them, and they are rewarded for killing the crop-damaging boar. They buy the instruments, but they turn out to be broken and old. However, the punks take them to the junkyard to have their ex-boyfriends fix them up. Their playing skills however remain poor. They find that the math teacher Ozawa is a jazz fan who plays sax. They play in front of the supermarket they got fired from. The others that had left see this, and are so moved that they rejoin the band. Tomoko tells the others about a winter music festival. They convince Ozawa to conduct, and they go to the school roof to record an audition tape. They leave Tomoko in charge of the tape, but she forgets to send it. She turns it in late but gets a rejection. She decides not to tell anyone. During a hair appointment, Nakamura discovers that Ozawa is not really a professional sax player and was privately taking lessons. Embarrassed, Ozawa confessed that he was never a good sax player and only learned to play to impress the school's music teacher. He makes Nakamura swear that he will never tell a soul. He also decides to back out of conducting. On the train ride to the music festival, Tomoko sits alone in another car. Nakamura decides to go over and cheer her up. While the others think it's a confession of love, she says to him that she did not have the heart to tell anyone, so Nakamura tells them for her, which crushes their spirit. To make matters worse, the train is delayed by the snow. The band teacher finds them and rushes them by bus to the auditorium; they have a spot since another band could not make the competition. They spill out onto the stage just as the announcer declares they would not attend, causing the audience much amusement. They set up and play a 15-minute concert. While wooing the crowd, Ozawa conducts and the punks' boyfriends try to get them to notice them. At the end, the performance turns out to be a success."] ["The story takes place in Russia in the year 1910. Yegor , a dashing  bandit leader meets Princess Vera  at a mountain inn. They fall in love, but the relationship is shattered when Yegor kills Vera's brother, Prince Serge, for raping his sister, Nadja, and driving her to suicide. Yegor kidnaps Vera, forcing her to live a life of lowly servitude among the bandits. Vera manages to outwit Yegor, who is captured by soldiers and flogged. Vera begs Yegor's forgiveness. Although still in love with each other, they realize they cannot be together, at least for the time being."] ['Mrs Baring, a business woman and patron of classical music, has arranged for a celebrated Eastern Bloc musician, Spolenski, to play in a series of concerts in Britain. However, she is aware that she is on the brink of bankruptcy and the Spolenski tour offers a final chance to save her finances. Johnny Burns, an aspiring singer is hanging around a music shop he frequents when he spot Mrs Baring’s daughter, Joanna. Enraptured he pretends to be a piano-tuner and goes round to her house to help prepare the piano for a party held in Spolenksi’s honour. Later, when Mrs Baring is short of a butler he offers his services and is so successful at his duties that he is taken on in a more permanent basis. He slowly begins to bond and court Joanna while doing his best to conceal his love of popular, modern music from Mrs Baring who is resolutely opposed to it and has forbidden her daughter to listen to it. Her financial problems continue to mount up and her phone is cut due to unpaid bills. Burns’ friend and agent, Freddy, meanwhile has secured him an audition with Greenslade, a major popular record label, who are impressed with his performance. Convinced he is going to be a major star, they make plans to sign him up on a long-term contract. Burn’s first demand of Greenslade is for money to pay for Mrs Baring’s telephone to be restored. Mrs Baring is relieved by this gesture, but believes the money came from one of her other friends rather than Burns. Burn’s career swiftly takes off, he is engaged to perform at Talk of the Town, while still keeping his new success a secret from the Barings. Mrs Baring has further problems when tickets for her Spolenski concerts sell badly, and he threatens to leave for home unless she is able to put up £3,000. Once again Burns secretly steps in, securing the money as an advance from Greenslades. After learning of Burn’s fame, Joanna goes to his concert. When her mother discovers this, she grows furious and confronts both of them firing Burns and forbidding her daughter from seeing him again. In his anger, he calls her a “square”. Their rift is not helped by his next song, “The Lady is a Square” which appears to be directly mocking her. However she relents when she discovers that he has secretly been paying her bills and that he is trying to abandon a concert of his, which is scheduled at the same time as her Spolenski concert, in a bid to help her ticket sales. Spolenski then falls ill, which turns out to be a blessing as it will mean they will be able to re-launch the tour with financial assistance from Greenslade. Baring and her daughter attend Burn’s concert where to their surprise he performs Handel’s Ombra mai fu with the National Youth Orchestra, to wild applause from his fans. Ultimately they are able to agree on the co-existence of popular and classical music and Mrs Baring ends the film dancing to one of Burns’ songs.'] ['Country singers are headed to Nashville. Their car breaks down and they stop overnight at an abandoned house, which turns out to be haunted. A ring of international spies  who live in the house are seeking a top secret formula for rocket fuel. While it is never revealed for whom they are spying, they carry out their activities under the cover of a supposed haunted house, which comes complete with a gorilla in the basement.'] ['Millionaire hotel mogul Ray Hunter  flies to Rome to buy another property, the Regent. He is picked up at the airport by lovely Maria Martelli , who works for the hotel\'s owner, the Countess Alzani. Ray is reproached by the Countess for the impersonal way he buys up hotels this way, piling up "ten thousand bedrooms" and replacing employees without a second thought. He sincerely promises not to do so with the staff of the Regent. Maria is impressed and volunteers to be Ray\'s translator while in town. He meets the Martelli family, including Papa Vittorio  and his other daughters. Maria\'s youngest sister, 18-year-old Nina , takes an almost immediate liking to Ray. Maria\'s current romantic interest is Anton , a poor Polish count who fancies himself a sculptor. Nina, meanwhile, tries to catch Ray\'s eye, while his private pilot Mike  is trying to catch hers. Nina sees the sights with Ray and wants to marry him, so she asks her father for permission. Papa Martelli forbids it, saying in this family all of the eldest daughters must be married before the youngest can. Ray tries to speed up that process. He sends for two eligible bachelors from America on the pretense of business. They are quickly introduced to two other sisters of Maria and Nina. But when he makes the mistake of buying Anton\'s artwork in order to make the poor count feel worthy of proposing to Maria, it backfires. Maria is furious and Ray apologizes with a kiss. Suddenly realizing he is involved with the wrong sister, Ray is in a fix. At a party, Papa Martelli is rushed into saying Ray is engaged to daughter Nina, which upsets Mike so much that he decides to leave. Ray hurriedly urges Mike to stay and fight for the girl he loves. It takes some doing, but everything finally works out. Ray finds a job for Anton that involves him traveling to Bombay for a long period of time. Meanwhile, he persuades Maria that he\'s sincere, and next thing you know, Papa Martelli is planning four weddings.'] ['At the turn of the twentieth century, traveling salesman Virgil Smith  journeys to Vienna, Austria hoping to sell a gramophone to Emperor Franz Joseph, whose purchase of the recent American invention could spur its popularity with the Austrian people. At the same time, Countess Johanna Augusta Franziska von Stoltzenberg-Stolzenberg  and her father, Baron Holenia, are celebrating the fact their black poodle Scheherezade has been selected to mate with the emperor\'s poodle. As they depart from the palace, they meet Virgil and his white fox terrier Buttons, whose scuffle with Scheherezade leads to a discussion about class distinctions. When Scheherezade experiences a nervous breakdown, she is treated by veterinarian Dr. Zwieback, who practices Freudian psychology, and he advises Johanna to force her dog to face Buttons in order to dissipate her fear. When the dogs are reunited, romantic sparks begin to fly between not only the animals but their owners as well. They begin to spend a great deal of time together, during which Scheherezade and the emperor\'s dog mate, unbeknownst to their owners. Virgil eventually convinces Johanna true love can overcome their social differences, and he asks the emperor for her hand in marriage. This is the crucial scene in the picture, and brings the otherwise lightweight movie plot to a higher level. The Emperor is cordial and fatherly with Virgil, and treats him with respect and even a bit of admiration. But he is certain Johanna could never be happy living in Newark, New Jersey. "We are not better than you," explains the Emperor sadly, "I think perhaps you are better than us. But we are like snails: If you take us out of our majestic shells, we die." Finally, the Emperor tells Virgil of the disastrous end to several similar matches he has seen in his long life, and makes him an offer: He will endorse the gramophone—which will lead to enormous sales and profits for Virgil—only if he breaks up with Johanna. Virgil refuses, highly insulted, but the Emperor asks him one more question: Are you sure you will be enough for her? The question strikes home, and Virgil decides he loves Johanna too much to take a chance on ruining her life. He lies to her, saying he used her only in order to gain access to the emperor to sell his wares, and walks out apparently uncaring, making himself the villain. Several months later when Scheherezade gives birth to a litter of white puppies with black patches, it is obvious they were sired by Buttons and not, as everyone thought, by the Emperor\'s poodle. Fearing the Emperor\'s reaction, Baron Holenia tells the Emperor they were stillborn, and secretly orders them drowned. However, Virgil, who has snuck into the palace to see Johanna one last time and set the record straight before he leaves for America, rescues the puppies and confronts the Emperor, who he thinks has ordered the drowning. The Emperor demands an explanation from Holenia, chastises him severely, and asks Virgil to give him the puppies. But Virgil is still furious, and continues to berate the Emperor about class snobbery which he sees as the reason Holenia tried to drown the pups. He is so angry that he forgets Johanna is standing there listening and tells the Emperor he never should have agreed to give up Johanna to save her from a commoner\'s life with him. Johanna realises what Virgil has done and forgives him, and tells the Emperor that better she take one chance in a million of a happy life with Virgil, than no chance at all with someone she cannot love. The emperor agrees to let Virgil and Johanna wed.'] ["The film tells the story of a circus performer who falls in love with the son of a plantation owner in antebellum New Orleans. When the young man's stepmother objects to the wedding, the young couple has to decide if they can make their relationship work."] ['Danny O\'Neill, Fred Astaire, and Hank Taylor, Burgess Meredith, are friends and rival trumpeters, with The Perennials, a college band. Both of them have managed to prolong their college career, by failing seven years in a row. At a performance, Ellen Miller, Paulette Goddard, catches Danny and Hank\'s eye. She serves them, for her boss, a debt collector; but, the fast talkers soon have her working for them, as their manager. Tired of losing gigs to The Perennials new manager, Artie Shaw, playing himself, comes to woo Ellen away, as his booking manager. She tries to get Danny and Hank an audition for Shaw\'s band; but, their jealous hi-jinks get them both fired. Sick of interfering producers, Ellen nevertheless talks Shaw into letting J. Lester Chisholm, Charles Butterworth, back a concert. It looks like the gig is up, when Hank pretends to be Ellen\'s jealous husband, and then brother. But, talking fast, they get Chisholm back on board, and Danny\'s song, in the show. All they have to do is keep Chisholm and his mandolin, which he\'s insisting on playing in the concert, off key and out of time, away from Shaw, until after the show. The only question is whether Hank or Chisholm got the champagne glass with the sleeping pills. To Ellen\'s relief, Danny finally acts professionally, arranging his number, for the show, which Shaw says "has really grown up, into something special"; instead of like a perpetual sophomore; and, they\'re going to get married. Danny is head over heels, as the music starts; and, he successfully dance-conducts his own composition, secure in Ellen\'s affections.'] ['The movie is about two sisters growing up in Philadelphia in the 1870s. They both fall for a Frenchman who has to prepare the pavilion for the Centennial exposition.'] ['Katie Higgins  is the wholesome daughter of a dairy farmer. The entire family  start the day with a brisk song and morning swim. One day, Katie meets traveling salesman Windy Weebe  who is instantly smitten. Weebe sells an elixir that purports to turn the user into a peppy, fit-as-a-fiddle specimen, and upon noticing the entire family\'s strength in the water, suggests that they all attempt to swim the English Channel. The family and Weebe head off to England whereupon they learn that the distance to be conquered is 20 miles "as the seagull flies" but with the currents, can be up to 42 miles. Katie is the only one in the family strong enough to attempt this feat, so she begins training with Weebe as her coach. On a foggy day, Katie, in the water, is separated from Weebe, in a rowboat, and is rescued by a handsome Frenchman, Andre Lanet . Lamas falls for the spunky American and begins trying to woo her. Katie tries to stay focused on her swim, but is being pulled in different directions by the two men. In a dream sequence, Katie does an underwater ballet with cartoon characters Tom and Jerry, as well as animated depictions of the different people in her life. The film ends happily with Katie\'s attempt to cross the Channel and the resolution of her gentlemen issues.'] ["It's 1738, and Gracie Alden  of the powerful Alden family fails to graduate from the college founded by her grandfather for the ninth year in a row, so he leaves it in his will to the first female of the family to graduate within 200 years. At the deadline, in 1938, another Gracie Alden, the last girl of the line, is having trouble with her studies, so she hires fast-talking Bud Brady  to help her. Her efforts are opposed by woman-hating professor Hubert Dash  and his secretary George Jones , who don't want to see their beloved college fall into the hands of an empty-headed nit-wit like Gracie. When by hook and by crook Gracie manages to pass her exam and becomes the owner of the college, she does away with entrance exams, hires a bunch of incompetent but kooky teachers, and turns the place into a jumpin' jitterbugging joint complete with swing bands and remote radio broadcasts.Erickson, Hal Plot synopsisTCM Full synopsis"] ["Amos Babcock Bellamy  and Ben Hucklebee  scheme to get their respective children, Luisa  and Matt , to fall in love. Knowing they will resist their fathers' interference, the two men use reverse psychology and fabricate a feud, building a wall between their houses and forbidding their children to speak to each other. When their plan works, they enlist the aid of El Gallo , the proprietor of a traveling carnival, to put an end to their supposed disagreement in a manner which will not reveal their deception. El Gallo pretends to kidnap Luisa with the help of his troupe, which includes elderly Shakespearean actor Henry Albertson  and his mute sidekick Mortimer ([[Teller , and arranges for Matt to rescue her. The couple settles into what they anticipate will be domestic bliss, but through the eyes of El Gallo and company they see the harsh realities of the world, and their innocent romanticism is replaced by a more mature understanding of love."] ["A chorus girl is given top billing in a broke producer's show after rumours link her with a millionaire, played by David Niven, in Scotland."] ['The big high school dance in Santa Barbara is coming up. Judy Foster expects boyfriend "Oogie" Pringle to be her escort, but he declines. Oogie\'s sister, sophisticated senior Carol Pringle, has booked famous bandleader Xavier Cugat and his orchestra for the dance, meanwhile. Cugat\'s lady friend, Rosita Cochellas, is a dance instructor. She is secretly giving rumba lessons to Judy\'s dad, Melvin Foster, who wants to surprise his wife with a dance for their upcoming wedding anniversary. Soda shop owner Pop Scully introduces a disappointed Judy to his handsome nephew Stephen I. Andrews, who volunteers to take Judy to the dance, even though he\'s considerably older. Judy finds him dreamy, and having Stephen as her date definitely makes Oogie jealous. Stephen, however, falls for the beautiful Carol instead. This is annoying to Judy, as is her discovery that her dad is seeing Rosita behind her mother\'s back, presumably carrying on a romantic affair. Misunderstandings abound, including Rosita trying to explain the situation to her boyfriend, Cugat.'] ['In 1954 Baltimore, Wade "Cry-Baby" Walker is the leader of a gang of "Drapes", which includes his teenage mom sister Pepper, facially disfigured Mona "Hatchet Face" Malnorowski, wild and free-spirited Wanda Woodward, and Milton Hackett, the nervous son of overzealous religious activists. His ability to shed a single tear drives all the girls wild. One day after school, he is approached by Allison Vernon-Williams, a pretty girl tired of being a "square", and the two fall in love. That same day, Cry-Baby approaches the "square" part of town to a talent show  at the recreation center where Allison\'s grandmother hosts events, and introduces himself to her, who is skeptical of his motives. Cry-Baby invites Allison to a party at Turkey Point, a local hangout spot for the drapes. Despite her grandmother\'s skepticism, Allison accompanies Cry-Baby to Turkey Point and sings with the drapes . As Cry-Baby and Allison tell each other about their orphan lives , Allison\'s jealous square boyfriend, Baldwin, starts a riot. Cry-Baby is blamed for the fight and sent to a penitentiary, outraging all his friends and even Allison\'s grandmother, who is impressed by Cry-Baby\'s posture, manners, and musical talent. As Lenora Frigid, a girl with a crush on Cry-Baby but constantly rejected by him, claims to be pregnant with his child, Allison feels betrayed and returns to Baldwin and the squares, though her grandmother advises her against rushing into a decision. Meanwhile, in the penitentiary, Cry-Baby gets a teardrop tattoo. He tells the tattoo artist, fellow drape Dupree : "I\'ve been hurt all my life, but real tears wash away. This one\'s for Allison, and I want it to last forever!". Eventually, Allison is persuaded by the newly-established alliance between the Drapes and her grandmother to stand by Cry-Baby and join the campaign for his release . Cry-Baby is released but immediately insulted by Baldwin who, after revealing that his grandfather is the one who electrocuted Cry-Baby\'s father, challenges him to a chicken race. Cry-Baby wins, as Baldwin chickens out, and is reunited with Allison. The film ends with all watching the chicken race crying a single tear, all except for Allison and Cry-Baby, who has finally let go of the past, enabling him to cry from both eyes.'] ["The year is 1928. Samuel Fulton is an old and lonely New York millionaire who has decided to leave his fortune to the family of the late Millicent Blaisdell. Millicent is the only woman he has ever been in love with and they shortly dated, until she dumped him because she did not return his love. Samuel explains to his lawyer Edward Norton that losing the love of his life was what inspired him to build up a career as a wealthy businessman, eventually becoming the richest man in the world. Fearing the family will spend the money the wrong way, he decides to visit them in a small Vermont town, faking a newspaper advertisement to board a room under the alias John Smith. The family is initially reluctant to take in Samuel, but Roberta, the youngest daughter, wastes no time and makes him feel as welcome as possible. He notices that the Blaisdells are a happy family who, although poor, are proud of their background. Father Charles has taught the family not to put a value on materialistic products. Nevertheless, mother Harriet wishes for her daughter Millicent to marry Carl Pennock, a wealthy but snobbish young man who could buy Millicent everything that Harriet never had. Millicent, however, is not keen on Carl and prefers to marry Dan Stebbins, a charming but poor soda jerk. While staying at the Blaisdells, 'John' is given a job at Dan's store. One night, Millie and Dan announce their engagement, which upsets Harriet. Shortly after, Norton arrives, announcing the family has inherited $100,000 from an unknown man. When realizing Norton is not joking, the family – especially Harriet – immediately gives up their humble life for the upper-class life style. Charles is not enthusiastic of his wife's sudden craze of materialism, but allows her to buy whatever she wants. The oldest son Howard immediately starts gambling a large amount of money and lands a debt, which prompts Samuel to help him. Meanwhile, Dan, feeling he could never live up to Millie's expectations, breaks off their engagement. Afterwards, Millie reluctantly starts dating Carl again, much under the pressure of her mother. Samuel helps both Millie and Howard escape from a raid, which results in his being jailed. Soon, Harriet feels that Samuel's presence is ruining the family image, unaware of the reason why he ended up in jail. In this period, he is supported only by Dan, who admits his intentions of leaving town to build a career. Trying to prevent Millie and Dan from disappearing out of each other's life, he sets up a meeting at the cinema. There, an argument follows, and Millie exclaims her hatred for the family's sudden wealth, complaining that it is the cause of all bad things happening to her. She is comforted by Samuel, and thereby attracts the attention of other theatre-goers, who suspect that Sam and Millie are in a scandalous affair. During a social party, there is gossip of the so-called affair, which prompts Harriet to force Millie to announce her engagement to Carl. Meanwhile, Charles announces he has lost his investments, which makes Samuel realize that the Blaisdells are in no position of making wise financial decisions. Obligated by Samuel, Norton refuses a loan, after which Charles begs the Pennocks for money. Carl then realizes that Millie is not from a wealthy family and leaves her. Much to Harriet's distress, the Blaisdell family returns to their old lifestyle. At the end, Roberta reveals that 'John' has won the first prize at an art show, having secretly entered his paintings. Samuel immediately leaves the house to avoid the press, and realizes that the Blaisdells now think of him as the grandfather he could have been."] ["Joe Davis Sr. owns a big nightclub called the Diamond Horseshoe. He is visited by his son Joe Jr. who is a medical student. Joe Jr. tells his father that he wants to be in show business, much to his father's disapproval. Nevertheless, Joe Sr. gives his son a job at his club where Joe Jr. then becomes smitten with Bonnie Collins; the club's headlining act. Joe Sr. is spending too much time worrying about his son that he starts to neglect his own girlfriend Claire. Claire promises to give Bonnie a mink coat if she pretends to like and go out with Joe Jr., so that Joe Sr. will pay more attention to her. Things take a complicated turn when Bonnie actually does fall in love with Joe Jr. and they get married, again much to his father's disapproval."] ['Linda Linda Linda tells the story of a group of  four high school girls who decide to put together a band for Hiiragi-sai, their school cultural festival. Three days before they are to play the festival, the guitarist and singer quit the band. The remaining members, {{nihongo}}, {{nihongo}}, and {{nihongo}} must figure out what to do or risk cancelling. They decide to perform covers of The Blue Hearts songs, but all agree that they need to find a new member to be the singer. They ask the first girl that walks by - {{nihongo}}, a Korean foreign exchange student. Son is not fluent in Japanese, and this leads to some difficulties and misunderstandings, but through sharing in the ins and outs of high school life, they are able to understand one another. The first day ends with all the girls working their hardest to begin to learn their parts, the most notable scenes here being Son trying to enter a karaoke parlor, and Kyoko talking with her crush, {{nihongo}}. On the next day, they begin practicing early at school where Kei struggles to play the guitar. As school begins, they all break off to do their own thing, Kyoko is seen selling crepes alongside Oe. By mid afternoon, it\'s time for the girls to regroup back at the music club room, but Kyoko ends up coming late and they miss their time slot. From there, Kei calls her ex-boyfriend and manages to get her group over to "Studio Q" to practice. They leave late at night to return to school, and continue practicing through the rest of the night. By the next morning, they had begun to get down their songs and are on their way to performing well. As school begins, they all go to their respective places to help out during the festival. Kei continues to practice and master her guitar parts and talks to one of her rocker friends, Takako. Son, is supposed to be helping with the "Japan/Korea Culture Exchange" but day dreams about the band  until falling asleep on her desk. Kyoko is assumed to have gone back to selling crepes, and Nozomi falls asleep on her bass guitar in one of her teacher\'s classrooms. By mid afternoon, Kei and Kyoko wake up a reluctant Nozomi and go to fetch Son. There, after waking her up, they find that she received a note in Korean to go to the equipment room where Mackey wanted to ask her out. However, in the spirit of the band, Son comically walked out, and they enjoyed a dinner at Nozomi\'s house where Kyoko was convinced to talk to Oe about going on a date. Kyoko agrees to talk to him the next day, one hour before the performance. They end the night back at school, practicing until early morning. On the final day, the band gets awakened by a group who began to take out instruments to set them up on stage. The band decides to head back to Studio Q and continue practicing. However, out of exhaustion they fall asleep and Kei dreams about being celebrated and performing for The Ramones at the Budokan. All this while, the stage managers begin to search for Kei\'s band, but to no avail. To pass the time, the band\'s friends Takako and Moe have impromptu performances. Kei only wakes up to the sound of Kyoko\'s cell phone when Oe calls to ask where Kyoko is. The band then rushes back to school in a taxi where Oe and Kyoko finally meet while everyone else sets up with only ten minutes left. When Kyoko finally comes in, the band performs two of the three songs they had planned: "Linda Linda", and Owaranai Uta to an excited and pumped up crowd.'] ['J. Pierpont Finch buys a book How to Succeed in Business, describing in step-by-step fashion how to rise in the business world. The ambitious young window cleaner follows its advice carefully. He joins the "World-Wide Wicket Company" and begins work in the mailroom. Soon, thanks to the ethically-questionable advice in the book, he rises to Vice-President in Charge of Advertising, making sure that each person above him gets either fired or moved or transferred within the company. Finch begins to fall in love with Rosemary Pilkington, a secretary at the company. Finch finds out that the president of the company, J. B. Biggley, has made advances towards the beautiful but incompetent secretary Hedy LaRue. Finch uses this information to assist his climb on the corporate ladder. However, Bud Frump, Biggley\'s annoying nephew, also takes advantage of the situation and tries to get to the top before Finch.'] ['At the beginning of the film, Frankie Wilde is a wildly successful DJ on the party island of Ibiza. He has a recording contract, performs at high-profile nightclubs, and lives in a luxurious villa with his trophy wife, Sonya, and their son. In talking head sequences, contemporary DJs laud Frankie\'s turntable skills during this period. It is also evident that Frankie has cocaine and alcohol addictions . His career is increasingly guided by egotistical, insensitive super-agent Max Haggar.  Frankie\'s loss of hearing is first apparent when he hears a high-pitched whine instead of an Arsenal football match on TV. At this time, Frankie is making his next album with his "two Austrian mates" Alfonse and Horst, who seem more suited for a rock band. Frankie continues working on his album and playing gigs at clubs, but his hearing degrades rapidly. As a result, progress on his album stagnates. However, Frankie refuses to acknowledge his problem until a gig in Amnesia, when he cannot hear the second channel in his headphones and must crossfade one song into the next without being able to beatmatch them. The result sounds terrible, and the crowd boos him. Overcome with fear and frustration, he throws the turntable and the mixer onto the dance floor, and is forcibly removed from the club. The next day, Max confronts Frankie about the performance. Frankie agrees to see a doctor, who tells him he\'s lost hearing in one ear and has 20% left in the other. He warns Frankie that unless he stops abusing drugs and listening to loud noises, he will soon be completely deaf. Even the use of his hearing aid would only further degrade his hearing. Then, during a recording session, Frankie confesses the full nature of his hearing loss to Alfonse. He inserts his hearing aid to demonstrate, and, overwhelmed by the sudden sound exposure, leans close to one of the monitor speakers. Before he can react, however, a frustrated Horst smashes a guitar into an amplifier whose volume Frankie has maximized. The noise is excruciating, and the feedback knocks Frankie unconscious. The damage leaves him permanently deaf. Without his hearing, Frankie cannot complete his album. He loses his recording contract, and Max abandons him. Soon after, Sonya leaves him. The talking head sequences describe this period as his darkest hour, in which he shuts himself into his home, which he has "soundproofed" with pillows in a desperate bid to recover his hearing. His drug use intensifies, and he appears to be heavily depressed. In one scene, he repeatedly throws his body against the walls. In other, he wraps Roman candles around his head, either an attempt at suicide or a drastic way to recover his hearing, but dives into the pool before they ignite.  In a culmination moment of the movie, Frankie flushes all his drugs down a toilet, only to be faced with the vision of the menacing badger again. The two begin to scuffle, with Frankie eventually gaining the upper hand and beating the badger with a shovel, then grabbing a shotgun and shooting it, upon which the badger begins to bleed cocaine. Frankie then grabs the dying badger\'s head, and removes it, only to reveal that the badger is, in fact, himself. He then shoots the dying vision of himself in the head. After this dark period, Frankie finds a deaf organization and meets Penelope, an instructor for the deaf who coaches him in lip-reading. They become close, and eventually intimate. He confides his unhappiness at losing music, and she helps him perceive sound through visual and tactile methods instead. Frankie then manages to devise a system for mixing songs, in which he watches an oscilloscope trace while resting his feet on the pulsating speakers, a callback to an earlier claim he made in the film about flip flops. Using this system, he heads to the studio and manages to produce new mix CD  entirely by himself. He delivers it to Max, who is wildly pleased – particularly by the potential of using Frankie\'s disability to increase record sales. He has Frankie take part in advertising and promotional deals which are increasingly offensive and insensitive to deaf people, which Penelope silently disapproves of. He also treats Penelope like he did Sonya; as Frankie\'s sexual object, not recognizing her substantial role in Frankie\'s life. In general, Max tends to patronizingly characterize the deaf as pained, helpless victims desperate for a deaf role model. Max convinces Frankie to play live at Pacha as a career comeback. He thinks it is an opportunity for Frankie to prove himself to others, despite Frankie\'s insistence that he has nothing to prove to his critics. The gig goes exceedingly well, and many claim it showcases even greater talent than his early work. After the show, Frankie and Penelope disappear from Max, the media, and the music scene altogether. In a talking heads sequence, characters speculate on where he is now . As the film ends, we see Frankie disguised as a homeless street musician, who is then met by Penelope and a child . They affectionately walk together down a street unrecognized. Additionally, we see Frankie teaching a group of deaf children how to perceive sound like he does.'] ["Rescued from the Colorado River as an infant and raised by Shamus Tobin, tomboy Molly Brown is determined to find a wealthy man to marry. She journeys to Leadville, Colorado and is hired as a saloon singer by Christmas Morgan. After miner Johnny Brown renovates his cabin, the two wed, and he sells his claim in a silver mine for $300,000. Soon after the money Molly hid in the stove accidentally is burned, Johnny discovers the richest gold vein in state history. The Browns and Shamus move into a Denver mansion, and Molly sets out to improve her social status by trying to ingratiate herself with the city's elite, all of whom snub her and her nouveau riche ways. She and Johnny go to Europe, where they are embraced by royalty, and the couple return to Denver with their new friends. Molly's plan to introduce them to the people who formerly rejected her is derailed by Johnny's rough and tumble friends, whose unexpected and boisterous arrival ruins the gala party Molly is hosting. Molly decides to return to Europe, leaving Johnny behind. She initially falls for the charms of Prince Louis de Lanière, but eventually decides she prefers to live with Johnny in Leadville. Setting sail for home aboard the Titanic, she becomes a heroine when the ship sinks and she helps rescue many of her fellow passengers. When her deed makes international headlines, Molly is welcomed home by Johnny and the people of Denver."] ["The Katakuris are a four-generation family of failures: patriarch Masao Katakuri , his wife Terue , his father Jinpei , his formerly criminal son Masayuki , his divorced daughter Shizue , her child Yurie , and their dog, Pochi. The family uses the father's redundancy pay to purchase a large old home situated on a former garbage dump near Mount Fuji that they have named the ‘White Lover's Inn'. They have the intention of converting it into a bed & breakfast, since the road running nearby is supposed to be expanded up to the house, which would bring many guests and tourists. However, the road hasn't been expanded yet and the Katakuris subsequently have no guests. When one finally shows up, a TV personality, sans clothes, he subsequently commits suicide during the night, and the Katakuris make the decision to save their business by burying the body and concealing the death. The second guest, a Sumo wrestler, also dies of a heart attack during a tryst with his underage girlfriend, who also dies. Somehow, each of their guests ends up dead— by suicide, accident or murder— and pretty soon the bodies in the back yard begin to pile up. The Katakuris soon find themselves sucked into a nightmare of lies and fear . Meanwhile, the recently divorced daughter falls in love with Richard Sagawa , a mysterious British navy officer who looks suspiciously Japanese but claims to be the nephew of Queen Elizabeth II herself. Just when Richard bungles onto a clue that might lead him to uncover the string of disappearing guests, a nearby volcano begins rumbling to life."] ["Craig and Helen  are two teenagers who, along with their friends enjoy the latest trend of traditional jazz. However, the mayor as well as a group of adults dislike the trend and move to have the jukebox in the local coffee shop taken away. Craig and Helen, with the help of a character who also functions as an omniscient narrator, journey to a radio station's studios in hopes of finding a disc jockey and organizing a show to gain popularity for the music. They meet David Jacobs, who agrees to help, along with several artists who are willing to perform. But upon hearing the news of the upcoming performance, the mayor decides to stop the bands' van by any means necessary. When the show is scheduled to start, Craig and Helen find that their disc-jockey and musicians have not yet arrived, so they decide to find local talent within the crowd of guests. The interim acts manage to stall the crowd long enough for the true performers' bus to traverse a series of traps the city council had set up for them. Just in time, the performers reach their stage and put on their act for the citizens. The film ends with the town's kids and teens enjoying the music and the adults grudgingly accepting it."] ['Ted Scott  is a band pianist whose publicity manager decides that, for good press, the band should adopt a foreign refugee. The band goes to Ellis Island to meet the girl and soon discovers that the refugee isn\'t a 10-year-old child, but a young woman, Karen Benson . The surprise comes right before the band is to travel to Sun Valley, Idaho for a Christmas gig. While on the ski slopes Ted soon falls for Karen\'s inventive schemes to win the heart of her new sponsor, much to the chagrin of his girlfriend, Vivian Dawn , a soloist with the band. Vivian promptly quits the band out of jealousy, and Karen stages an elaborate ice show as a substitute. Of particular note is the "Chattanooga Choo Choo" song and dance scene by Dorothy Dandridge and The Nicholas Brothers. This scene begins in the practice studio with the Glenn Miller Orchestra practicing "Chattanooga Choo Choo". The scene includes two choruses of the song sung by Tex Beneke in a musical exchange with The Modernaires. In a scene transition that incorporates no introduction or integration with the practice studio or other actors, Dandridge and The Nicholas Brothers begin singing and dancing in a railway station set . Sun Valley Serenade is the first of the only two movies featuring The Glenn Miller Orchestra . Besides "Chattanooga Choo Choo", other Glenn Miller tunes in the film are "Moonlight Serenade", "It Happened in Sun Valley", "I Know Why ", and "In the Mood". An instrumental version of "At Last" was recorded by Glenn Miller and his Orchestra as well as a version with vocals by John Payne and Pat Friday, but these recordings would remain unused and unissued. "At Last" can be heard in the movie, however, in an orchestral version about a minute and twenty seconds in length during the closing skating sequence with Sonja Henie. "At Last" would also appear in the 1942 follow-up movie Orchestra Wives performed by Glenn Miller and his Orchestra with vocals by Ray Eberle and Pat Friday. Future Olympic gold medalist Gretchen Fraser was the skiing stand-in for Sonja Henie. Fraser was a member of the Olympic team in 1940 \' and 1948.'] ['Frankie is the coxswain on the rowing team at Rawley University. His friend Tad is a stroke on the crew, president of the Kappa Psi Delta house and conductor of the orchestra. When rehearsing a new piece for a welcoming party dedicated to Bob Terry, a new crewmember, Tad learns that Bob has been drafted to the army and will not be joining the team nor be attending the party. Frankie and Tad don\'t have the hearts to tell their girlfriends Bess and Midge, who have worked hard to prepare the party, and instead look for a replacement for Bob for the evening. They spot Herk loading a safe onto the bed of a truck. After some convincing, Herk reluctantly accepts the offer to pose as Bob. Herk enjoys the party and flirts with both Bess and Midge. He decides to stay in the house and join the team as Bob, despite his dislike of boats and low I.Q.. Frankie gives Herk seasick pills and eventually his rowing performance improves. To keep Herk on the team, Frankie and Tad tutor him and prep him for school to the point where they themselves start failing. Bess breaks up with Tad and lets hims know that she is going to marry "Bob Terry". Midge breaks up with Frankie. During the final race, Bess and Midge learns that both of them are engaged to Herk. Instead of giving Herk seasick pills, Frankie gives him moth balls with the result of Herk performing better than ever. After the race, Herk is arrested for bank robbery and Frankie and Tad reunite with their girlfriends.'] ['In 1912, Broadway star Don Hewes  is buying Easter presents for his sweetheart, starting with a hat and some flowers . He goes into a toy shop and buys a cuddly Easter rabbit, after persuading a young boy to part with it and buy a set of drums instead . Hewes takes the gifts to his dancing partner, Nadine Hale , who explains that she has an offer for a show that would feature her as a solo star. Don tries to change her mind and it looks as if he has succeeded , until Don\'s best friend, Johnny , turns up. Nadine reveals that she and Don are no longer a team and it becomes obvious that Nadine is attracted to Johnny. Angry, Don leaves to drown his sorrows at a bar. Johnny follows him and tries to persuade him to talk to Nadine, but to no avail; Don brags that he does not need Nadine and that he can make a star of the next dancer he meets. After Johnny leaves, he picks out one of the girls dancing on the stage, Hannah Brown , and tells her to meet him for rehearsal the next day. Hannah then performs a duet, singing a musical number with a member of the band  on trombone, "I Want to Go Back to Michigan." The next morning, Don tries to turn Hannah into a copy of Nadine, teaching her to dance the same way, buying her dresses in a similar style and giving her an "exotic" stage name, "Juanita." However, Hannah makes several mistakes at their first performance and the show is a fiasco. Hannah meets Johnny, who is instantly attracted to her and sings "A Fella With An Umbrella" while walking her to her rehearsal with Don. At the rehearsal, Don, realizing his mistake, decides to start over from scratch by creating routines more suited to Hannah\'s personality. Hannah sings "I Love A Piano" and she works out a dance routine with Don that proves much more successful than their earlier performance. The duo, now known as "Hannah & Hewes", are shown to be performing "Snookie-Ookums", "The Ragtime Violin", and "When That Midnight Choo-Choo Leaves For Alabam\'" in a montage of their performances. At an audition for Ziegfeld Follies, where they perform "Midnight Choo-Choo", they meet Nadine who is starring in the show. Hannah realizes that Nadine was Don\'s former dancing partner and demands to know if they were in love. Don hesitates and Hannah runs out of the rehearsal where she encounters Johnny. Later, Don meets Hannah back at the hotel and reveals that he turned down the Ziegfeld offer, believing that Hannah and Nadine do not belong in the same show. Johnny soon arrives and takes Hannah out for dinner at which, after a comical routine by the waiter, Johnny reveals that he has fallen in love with Hannah. While Hannah does like Johnny, she admits she is actually in love with Don; she also admits to deliberately making mistakes when they rehearse so she can be with him longer. She and Johnny continue to have a close friendship. Meanwhile, Nadine\'s show opens and Don goes to see it . He is the only member of the audience who seems unimpressed. Later on, Don goes to see Hannah and tell her that they will be starring in another show and invites her to dinner to celebrate. Hannah goes to dinner at Don\'s, only to have him suggest a dance rehearsal. She is immediately upset and turns to walk out, telling him that he\'s "nothing but a pair of dancing shoes" and that he doesn\'t see her as a woman, but as a dancing aid. Hannah is particularly annoyed that Don doesn\'t notice her new clothes and all the effort she has made for him. She tries to leave, but Don stops her and kisses her. Hannah then plays the piano and sings "It Only Happens When I Dance With You," after which Don realizes he is in love with Hannah and they embrace. The couple take part in a variety show, with a solo by Don  and then comes the most famous musical number in the film , in which Don and Hannah play a pair of street urchins with vivid imaginations. Don and Hannah go out to celebrate after the show and end up watching Nadine perform. Nadine is mad with jealousy when the audience gives Don and Hannah a round of applause as they come in. Nadine is the star dancer in "The Girl On The Magazine Cover." The song features an ingenious stage act, in which women appear against backdrops that look like the covers of contemporary magazines. Nadine herself appears on the cover of Harper\'s Bazaar. Afterwards, she insists that Don perform one of their old numbers with her for old times\' sake, as she tries to win Don back - "It Only Happens When I Dance With You ." When Don reluctantly agrees, Hannah becomes upset and runs out. She ends up at the bar where she and Don first met. There she pours out her troubles to Mike the bartender . Later, when Hannah returns to her apartment, she finds Don waiting for her. Don tries to explain that he was forced to dance with Nadine, but Hannah thinks Don used her to make Nadine jealous and win her back. Don tells Hannah he\'ll wait all night for her to forgive him, but just before Hannah opens the door, Don is kicked out of her building by the house detective. The next morning Hannah is telling Johnny about her and Don\'s misunderstanding. Johnny says if he loved someone he would let her know it, implying that Hannah should forget the argument and be with Don. Hannah realizes that Johnny is right and goes to meet Don for their date for the Easter Parade. Meanwhile, Don has been receiving various gifts at his apartment that morning, such as a rabbit and a new top hat, unaware that they\'re from Hannah. She arrives unexpectedly at his house, as if the argument never happened. Don is a little confused by this turn of events, but decides to go out with Hannah anyway. As they walk in the Easter parade, photographers, echoing a scene with Nadine from the beginning of the film, take their pictures and Don proposes to Hannah ([[Easter Parade .'] ["Elvira Kent  and her husband Michael  suspect each other of cheating. For their wedding anniversary, Elvira books an ocean cruise to Rio de Janeiro but her husband claims that unexpected business will prevent him from going. Seeing an opportunity, Elvira pretends to take the trip alone, but in fact sends singer Georgia Garrett , a woman she'd met at the travel agency, in her place and under her name. By secretly staying behind, Elvira hopes to find out if Michael is indeed sneaking around behind her back. Michael, however, is suspicious over Elvira's supposed willingness to go on the trip alone, and so hires private detective Peter Virgil  to see if she is sneaking around behind his back. Peter joins the cruise and, as part of his job, becomes acquainted with Georgia. Georgia, following the instructions of the real Elvira, keeps up the ruse by pretending to be Elvira to everyone, including Peter. Georgia and Peter are attracted to each other and gradually fall in love, which causes conflict for both of them. During one of the cruise stops, Georgia's friend, Oscar Farrar , comes on board. Oscar is in love with Georgia despite Georgia's disinterest in him, and when Peter spots them together, he thinks he has discovered the identity of Elvira's lover."] ["A lavish Zamindar  lived with his sister-in-law and cousin Rajasekhar , helping people incessantly. His sister-in-law has a son, to whom the Zamindar bequeaths a major portion of his property. At this juncture, a new baby is born to the Zamindar. His wife dies soon after. Brother Rajasekhar cheats the Zamindar as he fears that his son's property might be taken back and given to the Zamindar's own son. When the cheating comes to light, the Zamindar hands over all his property and his baby to his sister-in-law and brother and goes to the Himalayas, making his sister-in-law promise him that the baby should be brought up as a servant, not as a Zamindar. This baby is named Muthu . According to the promise tendered to the Zamindar, the son of the Zamindar's sister-in-law - Ejama becomes a Zamindar and Muthu works as his servant. A huge fan of drama, Ejama regularly takes Muthu along with him wherever he goes. One day Ejama falls in love with a drama actress Ranganayaki . But Ranganayaki's heart lies with Muthu. Ranganayaki shows love and passion to Muthu. Amidst all this, Ejama's Uncle , tries to capture all the property by killing everyone. But Muthu saves all and it is finally revealed that Muthu is the real Zamindar."] ['The story is about two World War II U.S. Army buddies, one a Broadway entertainer, Bob Wallace , the other a would-be entertainer, Phil Davis . It begins on Christmas Eve, 1944, somewhere in Europe. In a forward area, Capt. Wallace is giving a show to the troops of the 151st Division with the help of Pvt. Davis . But the mood is somber: word has come down that their beloved commanding officer, Major General Thomas F. Waverly , is being relieved of command. He arrives for the end of the show and delivers an emotional farewell. The men give him a rousing send-off . An enemy artillery barrage ensues, and Davis saves Wallace\'s life by carrying him out of the way of a toppling wall, wounding his own arm slightly in the process. Using his "wounded" arm and telling Bob he doesn\'t expect any "special obligation", Phil convinces Bob to join forces as an entertainment duo when the war is over. Phil using his wound to get Bob to do what he wants becomes a running gag throughout the movie. After the war, the pair make it big in nightclubs, radio and then on Broadway. Becoming successful producers, they eventually mount their newest hit musical entitled Playing Around. Phil is increasingly concerned that his pal Bob has not met a woman with whom he can settle down and several clumsy attempts to set him up with showgirls fail. In mid-December, after two years on Broadway, the show is in Miami, and while performing at the Florida Theatre, they receive a letter from "Freckle-Faced Haynes, the dog-faced boy", a mess sergeant with whom they\'d been acquanted back in the war, asking them to audition his two sisters. When they go to the club to audition the act , Phil notices that Bob is smitten with Betty , while Phil has eyes for her sister, Judy . Following their number, the girls join Bob and Phil at their table, and believing he may have found the right girl for Bob, Phil brings Judy on to the dance floor so that Bob and Betty can get to know each other better. Phil and Judy hit it off , and Judy tells Phil that she and her sister are headed for the Columbia Inn in Pine Tree, Vermont, where they are booked to perform over the holidays. Back at the table, Betty reveals to Bob that Judy herself, not her brother, sent them the letter. The two get into a brittle argument, and the prospects for a romance seem doubtful.  When the girls\' corrupt landlord claims the sisters burned a $200 rug and is trying to have them arrested, Phil hears the news and helps them escape out the window, giving the girls their own sleeping-room accommodations aboard the train to Vermont. To give the girls time to make it to the train, Phil convinces Bob to don the girls\' forgotten costumes and lip-sync "Sisters" from a record after which the boys arrive on the same train two hours later. The girls are all over Bob in appreciation for giving up their sleeping accommodations and Phil uses "his arm" once again to convince Bob to travel with the girls to Vermont for the holidays . When everybody arrives to put on the show at the Pine Tree Ski Lodge, there\'s not a flake in sight and the weather is so unseasonably warm, chances of it falling appear dim. The boys discover that the inn is run by their former commanding officer, Gen. Waverly, who has invested all his savings and pension into the lodge, and it\'s in danger of failing because of the lack of snow and consequent lack of patrons. Deciding to help out and bring business up to the inn, Wallace and Davis bring the entire cast and crew of their new musical Playing Around, and add in Betty and Judy where they can. At the same time, Bob and Betty\'s relationship starts to bloom  and they begin to spend a good deal of time together. Meanwhile, Bob discovers the General\'s rejected attempt at rejoining the army, and decides to prove to the General that he isn\'t forgotten. Bob calls Ed Harrison ([[Johnny Grant , an old army buddy, now the host of a successful variety show . Bob tells Ed that he wants to make a televised pitch to all the men formerly under the command of the General, asking them to come to the inn on Christmas Eve as a surprise. In response, Harrison suggests they go all out and put the show on national television, playing up the whole "schmaltz" angle of the situation and generating lots of free advertising for Wallace and Davis in the process. What Bob doesn\'t know is that nosy housekeeper Emma Allen  has been listening in to the phone conversation on the extension but has only heard about the whole schmaltz suggestion, hanging up before Bob rejects the idea. Mistakenly believing that her beloved boss will be presented as a pitiable figure on a primetime coast to coast broadcast, Emma reveals what she heard to a shocked Betty who is originally loath to believe Bob would pull such a stunt for his own gain, but mistakenly comes to believe he would indeed stoop to such depths. The misunderstanding causes a now-disillusioned Betty to grow suddenly frigid to an equally-baffled Bob. Unaware of the real reason for her sudden change of behavior, Judy becomes convinced that Betty, ever-protective of her little sister, will never take on a serious relationship until Judy is engaged or married. She pressures an extremely reluctant Phil to announce a phony engagement, but the plan backfires when Betty abruptly departs for New York City, having received a job offer. Distraught, Phil and Judy reveal to Bob that the engagement announcement was phony, and Bob, still unaware of the real reason behind Betty\'s annoyance, heads to New York to explain. Bob goes to see Betty\'s new act  and reveals the truth about the engagement, but is called away by Ed Harrison before he can find out what is really bothering her. Meanwhile, back at the Inn, Phil fakes an injury to distract Gen. Waverly so he won\'t see the broadcast or Bob\'s announcement. On the broadcast, Bob proceeds to ask the veterans of the 151st Division to come to Pine Tree, Vermont, on Christmas Eve . When Betty is backstage in the greenroom between performances, she catches Bob\'s pitch on a television set and realizes she was mistaken. All is set right, and she returns to Pine Tree just in time for the show on Christmas Eve. Emma convinces Gen. Waverly that all his suits were sent to the cleaners, and suggests he wear his old uniform to the opening of the show. Initially reluctant, he agrees. When the General enters the lodge where the show is to take place, he is greeted by his former division, who sing a rousing chorus of "The Old Man". Just as the song ends, he is notified that snow is finally falling. In the finale, Bob and Betty declare their love for one another, as do Phil and Judy. The background of the set is removed to show the snow falling, everyone raises a glass, and toasts, "May your days be merry and bright; and may all your Christmases be white."'] ['It is the story of a young musician Dick Powell, sent to Hollywood, to become a star. It doesn\'t work out at first but he triumphs in the end. Great musical numbers and light comedy. In his second  film appearance, a youthful Ronald Reagan appears briefly as the announcer during a scene at a Hollywood film premiere. The film also co-stars comedian Ted Healy, as a wise-cracking Hollywood photographer. Healy is perhaps best known for creating the Vaudeville act which later evolved into The Three Stooges. Ironically, "Hollywood Hotel" was released in January 1938, less than a month after Healy\'s untimely death.'] ["Tallulah Winters is a dancing star who is hired to perform on an ocean liner. Before she leaves, she is recruited by what she believes is a branch of the American government and asked to smuggle a prototype explosive mine out of the country. In fact, she is unknowingly working for Nazi agents who have stolen the mine. Meanwhile, Merton Kibble , a writer of pulp fiction adventure stories but suffering from severe writer's block, is on the same ship and soon he finds himself embroiled in Tallulah's real-life adventure. Also appearing in the film were Bert Lahr, Tommy Dorsey, Buddy Rich, and Virginia O'Brien."] ['A college campus springs to life when the local radio station announces the official opening of the step competition season. As the fraternities and sororities work to recruit the best talent, the heat is on to win big prize money and campus bragging rights.'] ['John Cardwell , a trombone player, is only one of a large group of unemployed musicians. He tries unsuccessfully to gain an interview and audition with Leopold Stokowski, but not to disappoint his daughter, Patricia  , he tells her that he has managed to get the job with Stokowski\'s orchestra. Patsy soon learns the truth, and also learns that her father, desperate for rent money, has used some of the cash in a Lady\'s evening bag he has found, to pay his debts. The irrepressible and wilful Patsy seeks an interview with Mrs Frost, whose bag it was, and admits her father\'s actions. Mrs Frost , a society matron and wife of rich radio station owner John R Frost , lightheartedly offers to sponsor an orchestra of unemployed musicians. Taking her at her word, Patsy and her father recruit 100 musicians, rent a garage space and start to rehearse. Realising that Patsy took her seriously, Mrs Frost flees to Europe. Mr Frost tells John and his friends that he will not sponsor them, as they had supposed, unless they can attract a well-recognised guest conductor to give them a \'name\' and launch them on their opening night. Patsy, undaunted, sets out to recruit none other than Leopold Stokowski to be that conductor. Stokowski at first definitely refuses—though when Patsy sings as the orchestra is rehearsing Mozart\'s "Alleluia" from Exsultate, jubilate, he strongly suggests that she seek professional voice training and eventual representation. By mistake, Patsy conveys the story to a newspaper music critic that Stokowski will conduct an orchestra of unemployed musicians, and that John R. Frost would broadcast the concert on the radio. When the story breaks, Frost protests his embarrassment to his friends, but they suggest valuable publicity would result. Frost immediately signs the one-hundred-man orchestra to a contract, though Patsy tries to tell them that Stokowski has not agreed. Stokowski is astonished and offended at the news, but Patsy enters Stokowski\'s palatial house surreptitiously, along with the entire orchestra. She apologises to him, and insists that he listen to the players. The conductor is so moved by their performance of Liszt\'s Hungarian Rhapsody No. 2 that he postpones a European tour and agrees to the engagement. The concert is a rousing success for everyone, especially when Patsy, called upon to make a speech, instead agrees to sing the "Brindisi"  from Verdi\'s opera La traviata.'] ['The new forty-million-dollar “radio powered” ocean liner S.S. Gigantic  is about to race its rival, the slightly smaller S.S. Colossal across the Atlantic from New York’s Pier 97 to Cherbourg in two-and-a-half days, billed as “The Race of the Ages.” Gigantic owner T. Frothingill “T.F.” Bellows  intends to send his nearly identical younger brother S.B.  to sail aboard the Colossal, hoping he will cause trouble and sabotage the rival ship, enabling the Gigantic and his own Bellows Line to win. However S.B., who is held back due to a golf game, ends up flying over the ocean to meet the Colossal en route and mistakenly lands aboard the deck of the Gigantic instead, much to the consternation of Captain Stafford ([[Russell Hicks . Matters are made worse for the Gigantic when S.B.’s outrageously unlucky daughter Martha  is brought onboard, being rescued after surviving the shipwreck of the yacht, Hesperus V. Popular OBC radio emcee Buzz Fielding , who has just been released from “alimony jail” and is broadcasting live from the Gigantic, is trying to juggle his three ex-wives Cleo , Grace , and Joan ; his lukewarm girlfriend Dorothy Wyndham ; and his inept microphone assistant Mike . Buzz does his best throughout the voyage to announce the progress of the race and introduce a series of musical acts for the pleasure of the passengers and OBC’s radio audience. Meanwhile Dorothy is romanced by First Officer  Robert Hayes , just as Buzz and Joan get sentimental about their broken marriage.'] ['Pop Webster  is a former silent movie star once known as "Bronco Billy" who now works as the guard on the main gate at Paramount Pictures. However, he\'s told his son Johnny , who\'s in the Navy, that he\'s the studio\'s Executive Vice President in Charge of Production. When Johnny shows up in Hollywood on shore leave, Pop and the studio\'s switchboard operator Polly Judson  go all-out to maintain the illusion for Johnny and his sailor friends that Pop\'s a studio big-wig. Things get a bit complicated when Pop offers to put on a variety show for the Navy, featuring all of Paramount\'s stars, but Polly convinces Bob Hope and Bing Crosby to do the show, and they convince the rest of the stars on the lot.Bubbeo, Daniel Plot summaryErickson, Hal Plot synopsisTCM Full synopsis'] ["The film begins with a succession of real-life film directors - including Michael Curtiz, King Vidor, and Raoul Walsh - refusing to helm a new Warners flick, Mademoiselle Fifi, because Jack Carson has been signed to star in it. Frustrated, fictional studio head Arthur Trent  finally decides to let Carson direct it. Seeking the perfect co-star for himself and fellow lead, frenemy Dennis Morgan, Carson finds her in the person of studio commissary waitress Judy Adams . Judy has been in Hollywood for three months without even one audition, and sneaks her way into Carson's office, where she forces him to give her a chance. A self-proclaimed liar, Carson advises her to pose as his secret bride to Morgan. He, however, does not fall for Judy's act and reveals Carson as the liar Judy did not know he was. Following an angry outburst, she leaves the studio, having felt used by the two actors for their entertainment. Moving on, Carson continues his search for his romantic interest in the film, but nobody seems to be willing to work with him. When Jane Wyman is offered the role, she even faints. Dennis suggests Carson that he should cast an unknown, because only outsiders are unaware of his image and would be willing to work with him. Judy is the first person that comes to their mind, though they do not know that - because of them - Judy has become disillusioned by Hollywood and is set to return to her home town, Goerkes Corner, Wisconsin. Both Carson and Morgan want to be the one who has discovered Judy officially, and go their separate ways to convince Judy to return to Warner Brothers and assume the role. With the help from Danny Kaye, both men, having arrived at the station at the same time to stop Judy from leaving, succeed in making Judy believe that they will help her get her big break in the movies. Carson and Morgan start by dressing Judy as a film star in order to impress Trent, the head of casting. At a shop, Joan Crawford notices that Judy is taken advantage of, and condemns both men for it, before leaving. Carson remembers that Trent likes to discover his own talent, so he dresses Judy in a number of different guises - such as an elevator operator, a cab driver and a dentist assistant - in the hope Trent will see her, appreciate her potential, and insist Carson cast the unknown. Unfortunately, all Trent keeps seeing is a pretty blonde with a goofy smile and blinking eyes. Morgan, having lost all hope, discourages Judy from becoming an actress, but she is now determined to have her big break, explaining the hard work she has done to afford acting and singing lessons, as well as moving to Hollywood. By this time, both men are now not only fighting over discovering Judy, but also for her romantic attention. Carson and Morgan attempt to arrange a screen test for Judy, and continue their schemes in order to impress her. They are stopped at the studio, but Edward G. Robinson helps them sneak in. In the studio, they arrange for Judy to perform the song That Was a Big Fat Lie on camera directed by a reluctant Ray Heindorf. The screen test undergoes technical difficulties, which startles Trent when seeing it, and it results to a nervous breakdown and a cancellation of production of Mademoiselle Fifi. As a final attempt, Carson and Morgan conspire to disguise Judy as a famous French film star with dark hair named Yvonne Amour - and an inaccurate accent - but Trent still manages to recognize her despite the great amount of media coverage that 'Yvonne' is receiving, including a meeting with Eleanor Parker and Patricia Neal and a performance of the song At the Cafe Rendezvous. Upset with all the backstage shenanigans she's been forced to endure, Judy returns home to Goerkes Corner, Wisconsin to marry long-time sweetheart Jeffrey Bushdinkle . Carson and Morgan consider stopping her, but Judy's friend Grace  makes them realize that she will be much happier with her fiance in a small town than an uncertain career in Hollywood, and they step back. Judy catches them promising another girl a career in the pictures, confirming her doubt of having been used by the actors. She leaves in tears and coincidentally shares the train with Trent, who fears that Judy is making another attempt to impress him. Now realizing her talent, Trent offers Judy a career in pictures, but she thinks he is lying as well and rejects him. Nonetheless, Trent announces that the film is back in production with Judy Adams as the only contender for the lead role. Carson and Morgan rush to Goerkes Corner to share the news with Judy, but realize that they have to interfere with her wedding, and decide to leave to let Judy lead a small town life."] ["Sisters Kay and Barbara Latimer are working as car hops in a Texas drive-in restaurant with their aunt Susan, who is the cook, when they are notified that an expected inheritance of $55,000 is only $4,000 after taxes and fees. Determined to marry a millionaire, Kay talks Barbara and Susan into spending the money on a trip to Miami, where she hopes to hook a rich man at a resort. With Barbara posing as Kay's secretary and Susan as her maid, the three women check into the Flamingo Hotel and make the acquaintance of Jack O'Hara, a bartender who pontificates about his hatred of fortune hunters. Jack, who quickly becomes enamored with Susan, believes that Kay is on the level and promises to steer her away from gold diggers. Kay finagles an invitation to a party being hosted by rich Jeffrey Bolton, and while there, also meets Phil McNeil, heir to the renowned McNeil Mines. Boyhood friends Jeff and Phil begin a fierce rivalry for Kay, who cannot make up her mind between the two handsome men, nor does she notice that Barbara has fallen in love with Jeff. At the end of three weeks, the women are in trouble because they need $150 to pay their hotel bill, but Susan borrows the money from Jack, who has proposed to her. Realizing that she needs to get one of the men to propose to her that evening, Kay brings Barbara along to a dance to keep one of them occupied. Kay gets Barbara to dance with Jeff while she talks with Phil, with whom she has fallen in love. Phil admits to her that he is broke, and that the McNeil Mines will not be profitable again for at least five years. Kay confesses that she, too, came to Miami to find a rich spouse, and the pair reluctantly agree to pursue other partners. Phil tells Jeff that Kay loves him, after which she accepts Jeff's proposal. As the women are packing to leave for Jeff's father's island, however, Jack overhears them talking about their scheme and threatens to tell Jeff. After locking Jack in the bathroom, the women leave for the island, where they meet William, Jeff's businessman father. Desperate to see Kay again, Phil goes to the island and volunteers to be Jeff's best man. The woman are also stunned by the arrival of Jack, who threatens to tell all if he determines that Kay does not really love Jeff. On the night of a party that Jeff is throwing for Kay, Barbara encourages Jeff to accept a challenging job in South America to escape from under his father's shadow, while Phil admits to Kay that he loves her. As Phil is trying to persuade Kay that they belong together no matter what, Jeff enters the room. Phil and Kay explain that they are going to get married, and Jeff acknowledges that he has loved Barbara all along and will marry her. Soon all ends well, as Susan and Jack also come to a romantic conclusion, and the three couples begin their lives together."] ['Walter Mitty is an "inconsequential guy from Perth Amboy, New Jersey",{{Citation}} henpecked and harassed by everyone in his life: his bossy mother , his overbearing, idea-stealing boss , his childishly dimwitted fiancée , her obnoxious would-be suitor ([[Gordon Jones  and her loud mother . His escape from their incessant needling is to imagine all sorts of exciting and impossible lives for himself, fueled perhaps by the pulp magazines he reads every day as an editor at the Pierce Publishing Company. But his dreams only seem to land him in more trouble. In one scene, while stoking the heating boiler, he dreams what it would be like to be an RAF fighter pilot. He is awakened from this daydream by his mother, who orders him to come to dinner. Believing he is still a British fighter pilot, he salutes, and places a red-hot poker under his arm—only to burn a hole in his suit jacket. The film includes many of Kaye\'s trademark patter-songs and one of his best remembered dream characters, "Anatole of Paris", a fey women\'s milliner whose inspiration for the ridiculous chapeaux he creates is in actuality his loathing of women. The Anatole character is based on "Antoine de Paris," a women\'s hair-salon professional of the era, known for creating preposterous hairstyles. The lyrics to the song Anatole of Paris were written by Kaye\'s wife, Sylvia Fine. Things become much more complicated when he runs into a mysterious woman, Rosalind van Hoorn , who just so happens to perfectly resemble the girl of his dreams. Rosalind is working with her uncle, Peter van Hoorn , to help secure some Dutch crown jewels hidden from the Nazis during World War II. Caught up in a real-life adventure that seems unbelievable even to him, Walter attempts to hide his double life from his mundane family and friends. Eventually, he acquires the courage to stand up to those who kick him around.'] ["At the behest of her ultra-conservative fiancé Warren, scatterbrained five-pack-a-day chain smoker and clairvoyant Daisy Gamble attends a class taught by psychiatrist Marc Chabot for help in kicking her habit. While undergoing hypnosis, it is discovered she is the reincarnation of Lady Melinda Winifred Waine Tentrees, a seductive 18th century coquette who was born the illegitimate daughter of a kitchen maid. She acquired the paternity records of the children housed in the orphanage where her mother worked and used the information to blackmail their wealthy fathers. She eventually married nobleman Robert Tentrees during the period of the English Regency, then was tried for espionage and treason after he abandoned her. As their sessions progress, complications arise when Chabot begins to fall in love with Daisy's exotic former self and Daisy begins to fall for him, and his university colleagues demand he either give up his reincarnation research or resign his position with the school. While waiting for Chabot in his office, Daisy accidentally hears a tape recording of one of her sessions; and when she discovers Chabot's interest is limited to Melinda, she storms out of the office. When she finally returns for a final meeting with him, she describes fourteen additional lives, including her forthcoming birth as Laura and subsequent marriage to the therapist in the year 2038."] [' Stage and screen star Tony Hunter, a veteran of musical comedy, is concerned that his career might be in decline. His good friends Lester and Lily Marton have written a stage show that they believe is perfect for his comeback. Tony signs up, despite misgivings after the director, Jeffrey Cordova, changes the light comedy into a dark reinterpretation of the Faust legend, with himself as the Devil and Tony as the Faust character. Tony also feels intimidated by the youth, beauty, and classical background of his female co-star, noted ballerina Gabrielle "Gaby" Gerard. Unbeknownst to him, she is just as insecure in his presence, awed by his long stardom. Eventually, it all proves too much for Tony. He walks out, but Gaby speaks with him alone and they work out their differences. They also begin to fall in love, though she already has a commitment to the show\'s choreographer Paul Byrd. When the first out-of-town tryout in New Haven proves to be a disaster, Tony persuades Jeffrey to let him convert the production back into what the Martons had originally envisioned. Tony takes charge of the production, taking the show on tour to perfect the new lighthearted musical numbers. Since the original backers have walked out, Tony finances it by selling his personal art collection. Byrd walks out, but Gaby remains. The revised show proves to be a hit on its Broadway opening. Afterwards, Gaby lets Tony know how she feels about him.'] ['Gary Blake  stars in a new show, On the Avenue, with Mona Merrick . The show contains a satire on "The Richest Girl in the World", Mimi Carraway . Mimi and her father  are in the audience on opening night and they feel insulted. She goes backstage and tries to get Gary to take the skit out of the show. He refuses and calls her a "bad sport". Shocked by the remark, Mimi decides to make a date with Gary. They spend the entire evening together and, by morning, have fallen in love. He finally agrees to revise the skit so it can no longer hurt the Carraways. Mona is in love with Gary and is furious when she hears about Gary\'s date with Mimi. When the Carraways appear to see the revised sketch, she changes it, without Gary\'s knowledge, making it worse than before. The Carraways decide to file suit against Gary. To get back at him, Mimi buys the show from the producer and embarrasses Gary by hiring a paid audience to walk out on the show. Word leaks out to the press and Gary is now the laughingstock of New York. Furious, he tears up his contract, refusing to work with Mimi. Soon, Mimi becomes engaged to Arctic explorer Frederick Sims . On her wedding day, Mona arrives and tells Mimi that it was she, not Gary, who changed the skit. She runs out on the wedding and is taken to city hall with Gary to be married. The movie\'s action is interspersed with songs from the play, including Berlin\'s songs "He Ain\'t Got Rhythm," and "Let\'s Go Slumming On Park Avenue."'] ['Grace Hayes, as herself essentially, Grace Hayes, has been content to play the vaudeville circuit, and support her son, and the wealthy family who shunned her. Tired of the road, she goes to visit her son, played by her real-life son Peter Lind Hayes, as Peter Kendricks, with her personal assistant, played by her real-life daughter-in-law, Mary Healy, as Mary Healy, in cognitohttp://www.thefreedictionary.com/Incognito+. Once there, she finds her son and the college “going to Hell in a hand basket” despite the earnest efforts of the kind hearted Dean, Richard "Skeets" Gallagher, as Professor Warren. The college and the old families are running out of money and spirit. Grace buys the local diner, turns it into a version of her real-life club, encouraging the kids to give it the old college try, and put on a show to raise the funds and spirit the college needs to survive. It doesn’t take long, with a little elbow grease, for the kids’ heart to shine through. The question remains whether the college will survive, or if the Dean, Peter and the kids will be joining Grace and Mary on the road.'] ['While being hounded by creditors, a debt-ridden artist discovers he has just won a lottery worth a million Dutch florins. Realizing that he has left the ticket in the pocket of his jacket, he attempts to retrieve it but discovers that his fianncé Beatrice has given away the jacket to a criminal in order to elude the police. He and his rival race to retrace the jacket which has passed to a brigand nicknamed "Grandpa Tulip" and then to a tenor singing "Les Bohémiens" at the opera theater that night.'] ['Penniless and straight out of the University of Iowa, Joe  moves to New York needing an apartment and a job. With the fortuitous death of Mrs. Grotowski, an artist named Walter Shit ([[Jim Turner  helps Joe to take over the last rent-controlled apartment in a building slated for demolition. If Senator Dougherty  can empty the building, he can make way for the prison he intends to build there, and uses thug Alberto Bianco  and his nephews, Vlad  and Jesus , to intimidate tenants. Joe discovers he has 20 to 30 thousand roommates, all of them talking, singing cockroaches grateful that a slob has moved in. Led by Ralph ([[Billy West , the sentient, tune-savvy insects scare away the thugs in an act of enlightened self-interest that endears them to their human meal ticket. Tired of living on handouts from Mom back in Iowa and after a series of dead-end jobs ruined by his well-intentioned six-legged roomies, Joe finds himself the unskilled drummer in Walter Shit’s band. Hanging posters for SHIT, he encounters Senator Dougherty’s daughter Lily  promoting her own project, a community garden to occupy the vacant site surrounding Joe’s building. A gift to Lily while working on her garden is enough to woo her back to Joe\'s apartment, where the cockroaches break a promise to keep out of his business and a panicked Lily flees, only to discover the garden she’d worked on has been burned to the ground. During a fight with his roommates over his spoiled romantic evening, the building suffers the same fate as the garden. A mutual truce between our hapless and now homeless roommates leads the cockroaches to "call in favors from every roach, rat and pigeon in New York City" to try to make amends to Joe. Overnight, the roaches scour New York to gather materials to convert the entire area into a garden and take care of all the necessary paperwork to ensure harmony reigns over all.'] ['Because she married an international playboy, Ellie Andrews  is kidnapped by her own father, Texas cattleman A. A. Andrews . She escapes, managing to evade his nationwide search for her with the help of Peter Warne , a jobless reporter, who sees himself getting the biggest story of the year - until he and Ellie fall in love. When Ellie suspects Peter has sold her out, she returns home. Realizing his daughter really loves the newspaperman, Andrews tries to persuade Ellie to run away again, this time from her own wedding ceremony. Who will Ellie choose, her husband or the man who has stolen her heart?'] ["Cynthia Pilgrim is the top student of the first graduating class of the Packard Business College in New York City, and as such she is offered a position with the Pritchard Shipping Company in Boston. There she finds an office of men overseen by office manager Mr. Saxon. When Cynthia introduces herself to company co-owner John Pritchard, he tells her he thought all expert typists were male and his policy is to hire only men. Cynthia asks for an opportunity to prove she's as efficient as her male counterparts, but John refuses and offers her train fare back to New York. John's aunt Alice, an avowed suffragette, has controlling interest in the company and insists Cynthia be given a chance. Cynthia finds accommodations at Catherine Dennison's boarding house, where she meets an eclectic group of tenants, including poet Leander Woolsey, artist Michael Michael, and musician Herbert Jothan. John invites Cynthia to dinner but she prefers not to socialize with her employer. She does allow him to escort her to one of his aunt's rallies, where she impresses the other women. When John's mother asks her to dine with them on the evening of the Regimental Ball, Cynthia feels she won't fit in with the woman's social circle, so her rooming house companions coach her on how to behave like a snob. Cynthia is delighted to discover their efforts were unnecessary, because Mrs. Pritchard proves to be down-to-earth and a supporter of Cynthia's desire to be treated equally in the workplace. John begins to date Cynthia, and eventually they become engaged. He tries to persuade her to give up her involvement in the suffrage movement, but she insists she cannot abandon such a worthy cause. They break their engagement and she is fired from her job, but none of the people hired to replace her please Mr. Saxon. He and John go to a local school to find yet another candidate for the position. There he discovers its general manager is Cynthia, and the two are reunited in business as well as in love."] [' It is 1932, during the early days of the Depression, and Broadway producers Jones  and Barry  put on Pretty Lady, a musical starring beautiful Dorothy Brock . Brock is involved with industrialist Abner Dillon , who is the show\'s "angel" . But while she is busy keeping Dillon both hooked and at arm\'s length, she still secretly meets her old vaudeville partner and lover, the out-of-work Pat Denning . To ensure success Julian Marsh , who is the best, is hired to direct. But Marsh is ill, destitute, friendless, and bitter as a result of the 1929 Stock Market Crash. "Did you ever try to cash a reputation in a bank?" he asks the producers who are surprised to hear his desperation. Gambling with health and life, Marsh must make his last show a major hit and financial success if he is to have enough money to retire on. "This time I\'m going to sock it away so hard you\'ll have to blast to get it out" he says after signing up to direct, referring to his financial situation. Cast selection and rehearsals begin amidst fierce competition, with not a few "casting couch" innuendos flying around. Naïve newcomer Peggy Sawyer , who arrives in New York from her home in Allentown, Pennsylvania, is duped and ignored until two chorines, Lorraine Fleming  and Ann "Anytime Annie" Lowell , take her under their wing. Lorraine has an "in" with dance director Andy Lee , while the show\'s juvenile lead Billy Lawler  takes a liking to Peggy and puts in a good word for her with Marsh. Rehearsals continue for five weeks to Marsh\'s complete dissatisfaction, until the night before the opening in Philadelphia when Brock fractures her ankle. Next morning Abner Dillon wants Marsh to cast his new interest, Annie Lowell, as the star. Annie decides she is not talented enough but tells Marsh that the untried, green, Peggy Sawyer is. With 200 jobs and his own financial and personal future riding on the outcome, Marsh rehearses Sawyer mercilessly  until an hour before curtain time on the night of the premiere Brock, soon to be married to Pat, arrives and wishes Peggy luck, and the show is on. Nearly twenty minutes are devoted to three Busby Berkeley production numbers: Shuffle Off to Buffalo, Keep Young and Healthy, and the title song 42nd Street. The show is a success, and in the final scene Marsh turns wearily away from the brightly lit theatre entrance and slumps down on a fire escape as theatre-goers depart praising the musical.Filmsite.org 42nd Street In the original Bradford Ropes novel, Julian Marsh and Billy Lawler are lovers. Since this sort of relationship was deemed unacceptable to audiences of the era, an invented romance was created for Billy and Peggy. {{multiple image}}'] ['The Young Girls of Rochefort takes place over the course of one weekend in the seaside town of Rochefort, where a fair is coming to the town square. The story centers on twin sisters Delphine  and Solange  — Delphine teaches ballet classes and Solange gives music lessons for a living, but each longs to find her ideal love and a life outside of Rochefort. When the fair comes to town, Delphine and Solange meet two smooth-talking but kind-hearted carnies Étienne  and Bill . The twins\' mother Yvonne  owns a cafe in the center of town, and pines for a fiance she left impulsively ten years prior due to his embarrassing last name of "Dame." Yvonne\'s cafe become a central hub for Étienne and Bill as well as most of the other characters in the film. In the cafe, Yvonne meets a sailor about to be demobbed from the navy, Maxence . Maxence is a poet and painter, and is searching for his true feminine ideal. Little does Yvonne know, her former fiance, Simon Dame , has recently opened a music store in Rochefort. He knows his fiance had twins from a previous relationship, but he never met them. Solange, an aspiring songwriter, enlists the help of Simon Dame , who promises to introduce her to his successful American colleague Andy . As Solange is on her way to pick up her younger brother BouBou from school, she happens to bump into a charming foreigner, who turns out to be Andy Miller. However, the two do not exchange names. Meanwhile, Delphine is unhappy in her relationship with the egotistical gallery owner Guillaume , so she ends the relationship. In the gallery, as she is about to leave, Delphine notices a painting that looks remarkably like her. The image was in fact painted by Maxence. Back in the square, the two female dancers in Etienne and Bill\'s show run off with sailors, so they ask Delphine and Solange to perform, offering them a free ride to Paris in return. On the day of the fair, the paths of all of the characters cross again at the town square and in Yvonne\'s cafe.'] ['In the town of Kickapoo, Missouri, a young Jack Black  is punished by his strictly religious father  for playing rock music. While shut in his room, JB asks for guidance from his poster of Ronnie James Dio, who springs to life and tells him to go to Hollywood on a quest to form the world\'s most awesome rock band. After years of traveling to every other city named Hollywood in the United States, a fullgrown Jables meets acoustic guitarist Kyle Gass  who is performing on the street in L.A., and begins to look up to him because of his skills and attitude. While KG at first spurns JB, tossing his pick at him, he later pretends to save JB from a Clockwork Orange-esque gang that beat him up that night and takes him back to his apartment, where he pretends to be famous with a self-named band "The Kyle Gass Project." Kage exploits Jables by making him cleaning the apartment and buy KG marijuana with the promise of an audition for the fictitious Kyle Gass Project. JB eventually learns that KG is actually unemployed, bald, and living off rent checks from his mother . However, the two become equal when Kage reveals he used the last of his rent money to buy JB a brand-new guitar embossed with his initials. Vowing to help his new friend, JB and KG create their own band: Tenacious D, named for birthmarks found on their buttocks . Soon JB and KG learn the deepest secret of rock: all the rock legends used the same guitar pick. While at a guitar shop, they learn from the manager  that it is called "The Pick of Destiny" and was created by a dark wizard who had once summoned Satan from the depths of Hell to battle him. A blacksmith heard the commotion and knocked out one of the demon\'s teeth. The wizard took advantage of Satan\'s "incompleteness" and banished him back to his fiery realm. As a gift to the blacksmith for saving his life, the wizard formed a guitar pick from a piece of Satan\'s tooth, so that the blacksmith could win the affection of the woman he loved. The pick gives its holder "supranatural" abilities with stringed instruments . Infatuated by the prospect of becoming the next great rock star, JB immediately sets Tenacious D on a quest to steal the Pick of Destiny from a rock history museum. Along the way, the band briefly splits up when, invited by some co-eds to perform at a party, KG decides that sex comes first in "sex, drugs and rock \'n\' roll", while JB wants to stick to the mission at hand. The duo is reunited after KG\'s solo performance at the party results in failure and JB has a mushroom-induced hallucinogen experience in which he encounters Sasquatch and cavorts with him through the forest  e.g. going for a dip in the strawberry river: going down the rapids of a river. The two manage to steal the Pick of Destiny due to the incompetent security guards at the rock museum. Armed with this \'supranatural\' pick, they plan to use the winnings from a local bar\'s talent contest to pay their rent, but before they can go on stage, greed overcomes them, and they fight over the pick, accidentally snapping it in half. After a pep-talk from the open mic night host, they decide they are good enough to go onto the contest without the pick, not knowing that the host is actually Satan in human form, who repairs and reattaches his missing tooth. Coming back outside , they are confronted by Satan , who is now "complete". To save their lives, Tenacious D challenges Satan to a "rock-off", which he is forced to accept according to the "Demon Code", terms being that he returns to Hell and pays their rent if Tenacious D wins and takes KG as his sex slave if they lose. While JB and KG perform admirably, ultimately they lose and Satan attempts to shoot KG with a bolt of lightning. JB jumps in the way, and the bolt bounces off of the mother of pearl inlays in his guitar, blowing off a piece of Satan\'s horn. JB is able to exploit Satan\'s "incompleteness" in order to banish him back to Hell, with the devil screaming his vow of vengeance on Tenacious D. Though the two forgot how to play what may be "The Greatest Song in the World", the two turn Satan\'s horn into the "Bong of Destiny". From there they smoke it, whilst Jack begins to sing the film\'s title song as the closing credits roll. In a post-credits scene, Tenacious D attempts to write yet another masterpiece, but they only manage to record KG\'s flatulence.'] ["Catherine Ballou , an aspiring schoolteacher, is traveling by train to Wolf City, Wyoming, to visit her rancher father, Frankie Ballou . En route she unwittingly helps accused cattle rustler Clay Boone  elude his captor, the sheriff , when Boone's Uncle Jed , a drunkard disguised as a preacher, distracts the lawman. She reaches the ranch to find that the Wolf City Development Corporation is trying to take the ranch away from her father, whose only defender is an educated Indian, Jackson Two-Bears . Clay and Jed appear and reluctantly offer to help Catherine. She also hires legendary gunfighter Kid Shelleen  to come and help protect her father from fast-drawing Tim Strawn , alias Silvernose, the hired killer who is threatening Frankie. Shelleen arrives, a drunken stumblebum who is literally unable to hit the broad side of a barn when he shoots and whose pants fall down when he draws his gun. Strawn kills Frankie, and when the townspeople refuse to bring him to justice, Catherine becomes a revenge-seeking outlaw known as Cat Ballou. She and her four gang members rob a train carrying the Wolf City payroll, and Shelleen, inspired by his love for Cat , shapes up and kills Strawn. Later he casually reveals that Strawn was his brother. Cat poses as a lady of loose morals and confronts town boss Sir Harry Percival ([[Reginald Denny , owner of the Wolf City Development Corporation. A struggle ensues, Sir Harry is killed, and Cat is sentenced to be hanged on the gallows. Just after the noose is placed around her neck, Uncle Jed  cuts the rope as she falls through the trapdoor. Her gang then spirits her away in a daring rescue."] [' Chester Kent  replaces his failing career as a director of Broadway musicals with a new one as the creator of musical numbers called "prologues", short live stage productions presented in movie theaters before the main feature is shown. He faces pressure from his business partners to constantly create a large number of marketable prologues to service theaters throughout the country, but his job is made harder by a rival who is stealing his ideas, probably with assistance from someone working inside his company. Kent is so overwhemed with work that he doesn\'t that realize his secretary, Nan , has fallen in love with him, and is doing her best to protect him. Kent\'s business partners announce that they have a big deal pending with the Apolinaris theater circuit, but getting the contract depends on Kent impressing Mr. Apolinaris with three spectacular prologues, presented on the same night, one after another at three different theatres. Kent locks himself and his staff in the offices to prevent espionage leaks while they choreograph and rehearse the three production numbers. Kent then stages "Honeymoon Hotel", "By a Waterfall", featuring the famous \'Human Waterfall\', and "Shanghai Lil", featuring Cagney and Ruby Keeler dancing together. {{multiple image}}'] ['Oh! What A Lovely War summarizes and comments on the story of World War I using popular songs of the time, many of which were parodies of older popular songs, and using allegorical settings such as Brighton\'s West Pier to portray historical events. The diplomatic manoeuvrings and events involving those in authority are set in a fantasy location inside the pierhead pavilion, far from the trenches. In the opening scene various Foreign Ministers, generals and Heads of State walk over a huge map of Europe, reciting actual words spoken by these figures at the time. An unnamed photographer takes a picture of Europe\'s rulers - after handing two red poppies to the Archduke Ferdinand and his wife, the Duchess of Hohenberg he takes their picture, \'assassinating\' them as the flash goes off. Many of the heads of state enjoy good personal relations and are reluctant to go to war: a tearful Emperor Franz Josef declares war on Serbia after being deceived by his Foreign Minister, whilst Czar Nicholas II and Kaiser Wilhelm II are shown as unable to overrule their countries\' military mobilisation schedules. The German invasion of Belgium leaves Sir Edward Grey little choice but to get involved. Italy reneges on her alliance with the Central Powers  but Turkey joins them instead. The start of the war in 1914 is shown as a parade of optimism. The protagonists are an archetypal British family of the time, the Smiths, who are shown entering Brighton\'s West Pier, with General Haig selling tickets - the film later follows the young Smith men through their experiences in the trenches. A military band rouses holidaymakers from the beach to rally round and follow - some even literally boarding a bandwagon. The first Battle of Mons is similarly cheerfully depicted yet more realistic in portrayal. Both scenes are flooded in pleasant sunshine. When the casualties start to mount, a theatre audience is rallied by singing "Are We Downhearted? No!" A chorus line dressed in frilled yellow dresses, recruits a volunteer army with "We don\'t want to lose you, but we think you ought to go". A music hall star  then enters a lone spotlight, and lures the still doubtful young men in the audience into "taking the King\'s Shilling" by singing about how every day she \'walks out\' with different men in uniform, and that "On Saturday I\'m willing, if you\'ll only take the shilling, to make a man of any one of you." The young men take to the stage and are quickly moved offstage and into military life, and the initially alluring music hall singer is depicted on close-up as a coarse, over-made-up harridan. The red poppy crops up again as a symbol of impending death, often being handed to a soldier about to be sent to die. These scenes are juxtaposed with the pavilion, now housing the top military brass. There is a scoreboard  showing the loss of life and \'yards gained\'. Outside, Sylvia Pankhurst  is shown addressing a hostile crowd on the futility of war, upbraiding them for believing everything they read in the newspapers. She is met with catcalls and jeered off her podium. 1915 is depicted as darkly contrasting in tone. Many shots of a parade of wounded men illustrate an endless stream of grim, hopeless faces. Black humour among these soldiers has now replaced the enthusiasm of the early days. "There\'s A Long, Long Trail A-Winding" captures the new mood of despair, depicting soldiers filing along in torrential rain in miserable conditions. Red poppies provide the only bright colour in these scenes. In a scene of British soldiers drinking in an estaminet, a chanteuse  leads them in a jolly chorus of "The Moon Shines Bright On Charlie Chaplin", a reworking of an American song then shifts the mood back to darker tone by singing a soft and sombre version of "Adieu la vie". At the end of the year, amidst more manoeuvres in the pavilion, General  Sir Douglas Haig replaces Field Marshal Sir John French as Commander-in-Chief of the British Forces. An interfaith service is held in a ruined abbey. A priest tells the gathered soldiers that each religion has endorsed the war by way of allowing soldiers to eat pork if Jewish, meat on Fridays if Catholic, and work through the sabbath if in service of the war for all religions. He also mentions the Dalai Lama has blessed the war effort. 1916 passes and the film\'s tone darkens again. The songs contain contrasting tones of wistfulness, stoicism, and resignation; including "The Bells Of Hell Go Ting-a-ling-a-ling", "If The Sergeant Steals Your Rum, Never Mind" and "Hanging on the Old Barbed Wire". The wounded are laid out in ranks at the field station, a stark contrast to the healthy rows of young men who entered the War. The camera often lingers on Harry Smith\'s silently suffering face. The Americans arrive, but are shown only in the \'disconnected reality\' of the pavilion, interrupting the deliberations of the British generals by singing "Over There" with the changed final line: "And we won\'t come back - we\'ll be buried over there!" The resolute-looking American captain seizes the map from an astonished Haig. Jack notices with disgust that after three years of fighting, he is literally back where he started, at Mons. As the Armistice is sounding, Jack is the last one to die. There is a splash of red which at first glance appears to be blood, but which turns out to be yet another poppy out of focus in the foreground. The film closes with a long slow pan out that ends in a dizzying aerial view of soldiers\' graves, as the voices of the dead sing "We\'ll Never Tell Them" .'] ['A group of "Harvey Girls", new waitresses for Fred Harvey\'s pioneering chain of Harvey House restaurants, travels on the Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway to the western town of Sandrock. On the trip, they meet Susan Bradley  who is traveling to the same town to marry the man whose beautiful letters she received when she answered a "lonely hearts" ad. Unfortunately, when she gets there, the man turns out to be an "old coot" who doesn\'t match up at all to her expectations &ndash; but he also doesn\'t want to get married as much as she doesn\'t want to marry him, so they agree to call it off. When she learns that the letters were written as a joke by someone else, the owner of the local saloon, Ned Trent , she confronts him and tells him off, in the process endearing herself to him. Susan joins the Harvey Girls, and is soon their leader in fighting against the attempts by Trent\'s business partner, Judge Sam Purvis , to scare them off and the animosity of the dance hall girls/prostitutes, led by Em , who is in love with Trent and sees Susan as a rival. Trent comes to see the value of the Harvey House and other trappings of civilization, and tells Purvis to leave them alone, but Purvis continues with his campaign of intimidation, finally burning down the restaurant. Trent offers his saloon as a replacement, and Em and the dance hall girls leave town. Susan, thinking that Trent is leaving too, gets on the train, but Em, seeing that Susan loves Trent so much she\'s willing to give up everything for him, stops the train and points out Trent riding towards them on his horse. The film ends with their wedding in the desert, surrounded by the Harvey Girls.'] [" The plot involves a young woman  who wants to be in the Follies, but in the meantime is making ends meet by working at a department store's sheet music department, where she sings the latest hits. She is accompanied on piano by her childhood boyfriend , who is in love with her, despite her single-minded interest in her career. When a vaudeville performer  asks her to join him as his new partner, she sees it as an opportunity to make her dream come true. Upon arriving in New York City, our heroine finds out that her new partner is only interested in sleeping with her and makes this a condition of making her a star. Soon, however, she is discovered by a representative of Ziegfeld."] ["The film is a comedy about the adventures of Genaro, a broke and desperate sanky-panky who wants to imitate a good friend's fortune by marrying a rich, older American woman."] ['The film begins with a scene in which the Palestinians and Jews are both snapping, similar to the opening scene of West Side Story. The two parties head in to their own stands and sing about their own family-owned falafel stands, Hummus Hut and Kosher King . During the day, Hummus Hut employee Fatima and Kosher King relative David are daydreaming about each other . When Fatima rushes to give a customer his forgotten leftovers, she has a chance encounter with David, and they realize their mutual attraction. Upon returning to the shop, Fatima finds the Kosher King Jews have built a large machine that encroaches onto their property. The head of Hummus Hut throws a rock into the machine, making it malfuncton, provoking a standoff between the two families . Ariel, head of the Kosher King, decides he is going to build a wall. After they leave, David and Fatima stay, and David plans to come to her balcony tonight. The construction begins, and the Palestinians plan to end it abruptly . As such happens, David goes to Fatima\'s house , wanting to kiss her, but Fatima refuses, saying it will only escalate the conflict. They head over to stop the fight. As they do, it is revealed to Fatima\'s family that they are in love. The following fight tips over a canister of gasoline, causing the entire stand to catch fire. David goes to warn the Israelis, who celebrate - until an ember reaches the Kosher King, which proceeds to catch on fire. As the Hummus Hut denizens celebrate, Fatima points out to everyone that they are only making their lives worse. The next morning, expectant falafel customers are oblivious to the fire, and still want food. Ahmed and Ariel have nothing, but David and Fatima scrape together some of the remaining food, merging the two falafel stands. After the others are working, David and Fatima kiss. At the very end, Fatima asks what will happen if their families cannot stop fighting. David says he will "take you to a place called... Beverly Hills", alluding to the song "Somewhere" in West Side Story.'] ["Frankie Avalon and Annette Funicello are husband and wife living in Ohio — far from the surf and sand of their earlier lives together. Heading to California to visit their daughter Sandi , Frankie and Annette are appalled to learn that she has been making time with surfer Michael . In response, they set about to make the beach safe for fun-lovers everywhere by driving out Michael's unsavory friends. Along the way, Frankie faces a challenge to his title from the younger surfers, and nearly ruins his marriage by dallying with Connie Stevens — one of several pop-culture icons appearing in the film, including Fishbone, Don Adams, Bob Denver, Alan Hale, Jr., Edd Byrnes, Jerry Mathers, Tony Dow, Barbara Billingsley, Dick Dale, Stevie Ray Vaughan, O.J. Simpson, and Pee-wee Herman. In the end The Big Kahuna proves that he is the king of surfers, and his title is safe."] ['The girls try to find a millionaire in Havana but end up finding a male "gold-digger" who is looking for a rich woman to help pay his bills. Eventually, the dressmaker arrives in Havana.'] ['"Big" Jim Stevens, undisputed boss of the Chicago underworld, gets an unexpected birthday present from his ambitious lieutenant, Guy Gisborne. Instead of a stripper popping out of the cake, Big Jim gets shot by all the guests. With the mob boss out of the way, Gisborne takes over. He orders all the other gangsters in town to pay him protection money, but declares it\'s still "All for One." The news does not sit well with Big Jim\'s friend and fellow gangster, Robbo, and a gangland war breaks out. Robbo recruits pool hustler Little John, who demonstrates his pool skills while singing "A Man Who Loves His Mother," plus quick-draw artist Will and a few other hoods, but they are still greatly outnumbered. In addition, the corrupt Sheriff Octavius Glick is on Gisborne\'s payroll. Gisborne and Robbo come up with the same idea, to destroy the other\'s gambling joint on the same night, with Will enjoying every moment . Big Jim\'s refined, well-educated daughter, Marian, shows up. She asks Robbo to avenge her father\'s death , a request which Robbo flatly refuses. Gisborne disposes of the sheriff. Marian then invites Robbo to dinner and gives him $50,000, thinking that Robbo did as she had asked. Robbo refuses the money, but Marian attempts to seduce him into joining forces to take over the whole town. Robbo turns her down. When she sends the money to his under-repair gambling club, Robbo donates it to a boys\' orphanage. Alan A. Dale, the orphanage\'s director, notifies the newspapers about this good deed. A new Chicago star is born: a gangster who robs from the rich and gives to the poor. Robbo finds it useful to have the public on his side. He invites the delighted Dale to join his gang, having him handle all the charities. Dale starts the Robbo Foundation and opens a string of soup kitchens, free clinics and orphan shelters. He even gives green, feathered hats and bows and arrows to the orphans, while thoroughly milking the Robin Hood image. In the meantime, Robbo and Little John teach Dale a little about "Style." Robbo\'s joint re-opens and it is a hit. Gisborne, whose place is now empty, is infuriated. He and the new sheriff, Potts, organize a police raid. Robbo has anticipated this; when a few switches are pulled, the entire club is disguized as a mission. The sheriff and Gisborne burst in to find Robbo\'s gang singing gospel songs and preaching the sins of alcohol, complete with hymnals and tambourines . Robbo is framed for Glick\'s murder. At the trial, Gisborne and Potts claim that Robbo planned the whole thing. Dale tries to teach the despondent orphans to view this as a lesson . The jury finds Robbo innocent. He thanks them . When he returns to his club, Robbo finds every one of his charities is now a front for counterfeiting. The soup kitchen smuggles fake bills in soup cans over state lines. Robbo also finds Little John living it up in Marian\'s mansion. Marian is willing to keep Robbo as a front, as long as she is in charge. Robbo shows his contempt for her and leaves. Little John decides to go with him. Marian finds another willing partner in Gisborne. However, the gangster is not a match for Robbo and ends up dead. Robbo tells a shocked Marian to clear out of town. She instead turns public opinion against him, starting a Women\'s League for Better Government and framing Robbo for the counterfeiting ring that she and Little John started. Unable to fight an angry mob of women, Robbo and his gang flee. Robbo and his merry men are reduced to working as Santa Clauses to solicit charitable donations. They watch dumbfounded as Marian steps out of a car with her latest partner, Alan A. Dale. He casually gives them money before going off with Marian.'] ['The film opens with a brief action sequence in which a mobster named Roxy Robinson  is "splurged" by members of a gang, using rapid-fire custard-shooting "splurge guns". Once splurged, a kid is "all washed up" and his career in crime is over—the splurged gangsters are never shown as dead or even unconscious, merely "finished". Speakeasy boss, Fat Sam  introduces himself and Bugsy Malone , a boxing promoter with no money . At Fat Sam\'s speakeasy, there is much dancing and singing , but Fat Sam himself is worried that his rival Dandy Dan  will come to the speakeasy and try to take over. Blousey Brown , an aspiring singer, has come for an audition, but Sam is too distracted. Bugsy meets Blousey when he trips over her luggage. He is smitten, and flirts with her. Suddenly, Fat Sam\'s is raided by Dandy Dan\'s men, who shoot the place up. Dandy Dan\'s men continue to attack Fat Sam\'s empire, eventually taking away rackets and splurging most of Fat Sam\'s gang. Fat Sam learns about the splurge guns when one is dropped and left at the scene of an attack. Fat Sam sends all his available men to see if they can track down the guns; they are trapped at a laundry and all splurged by Dandy Dan\'s gang. Bugsy returns to Fat Sam\'s to try to arrange a new audition for Blousey. He only finds Fat Sam\'s girlfriend, Tallulah , the chanteuse of the speakeasy, who tells him that she likes him. Although Bugsy rejects her flirtation, when Blousey enters, Tallulah plants a big kiss on Bugsy\'s forehead, making Blousey jealous. Blousey has her audition and Fat Sam hires her, but she still refuses to speak to Bugsy  Fat Sam hires Bugsy to come along to a meeting with Dandy Dan. This meeting turns out to be a trap, but Bugsy helps Fat Sam escape. Gratefully, Fat Sam pays him $200. Bugsy and Blousey reconcile, and have a lunch and a romantic outing on a lake. Back in the city, Bugsy promises to buy tickets for them to leave for Hollywood. However, when he returns Sam\'s car to the garage, he is attacked, and his money stolen. Bugsy is saved by Leroy Smith , who punches the attackers; seeing this, Bugsy realizes he has found a potentially great boxer. Bugsy introduces Leroy to Cagey Joe  and helps him begin training . Fat Sam once again enlists Bugsy\'s aid after his assistant Knuckles gets splurged by a splurge gun which Fat Sam invented. Bugsy breaks up the idea with Blousey to leave for Hollywood and helps fat Sam, leaving Blousey in a state of disappointment after finding out . Bugsy and Leroy follow Dandy Dan\'s men to a warehouse, where they discover the guns are being stashed. The two of them can\'t take the place alone, so Bugsy enlists the aid of a large group of down-and-out workers at a soup kitchen . They steal the crates of guns and return with them to Fat Sam\'s just as Dandy Dan\'s gang arrives. Chaos breaks out and everyone is covered in a melee of custard. A pie hits the piano player Razmataz, who falls forward, striking a single bass note with his head. Silence instantly breaks out, and then the cast, now covered in white cream , engages in a final musical number . The characters realise they can all be friends, and Bugsy and Blousey leave for Hollywood.'] ['Three young women &mdash; Kelly MacNamara , Casey Anderson , and Petronella "Pet" Danforth  &mdash; perform in a rock band, The Kelly Affair, managed by Harris Allsworth , Kelly\'s boyfriend. The four travel to Los Angeles to find Kelly\'s estranged aunt, Susan Lake , heiress to a family fortune. Susan welcomes Kelly and her friends, even promising a third of her inheritance to her niece, but Susan\'s sleazy financial advisor Porter Hall  discredits them as "hippies" in an attempt to embezzle her fortune himself. Undeterred, Susan introduces The Kelly Affair to a flamboyant, well-connected rock producer, Ronnie "Z-Man" Barzell , who coaxes them into an impromptu performance at one of his outrageous parties . The band is so well-received that {{nowrap}} becomes their Svengali-style manager, changing their name to The Carrie Nations and starting a long-simmering feud with Harris. Kelly drifts away from Harris and takes up with Lance Rocke , a high-priced gigolo who pursued her with designs on her inheritance. Harris fends off the aggressive attentions of porn star Ashley St. Ives , but after losing Kelly weakly allows Ashley to seduce him. Ashley soon tires of his uptight nature and inability to perform sexually due to increasing drug and alcohol intake. Harris descends further into heavy drug and alcohol use, leading to a drug-addled one-night stand with Casey which results in pregnancy. Casey, distraught at getting pregnant and wary of men\'s foibles, has a lesbian affair with clothes designer Roxanne , who urges her to have an abortion. Petronella has a seemingly enchanted romance with law student Emerson Thorne . After a meet-cute at {{nowrap}} party, they are shown running slow-motion through golden fields and frolicking in a haystack. Their fairy-tale romance frays when Pet sleeps with Randy Black , a violent prize fighter who beats up Emerson and tries to run him down with a car. A drunk Harris challenges Lance to a fight. After Lance beats him severely, Kelly ends her affair with Lance. Susan Lake is reunited with her former fiancé Baxter Wolfe ([[Charles Napier . The Carrie Nations release records and continue to perform successfully, despite constant touring and drug use. Upset at being pushed to the sidelines, Harris attempts suicide by leaping from the rafters of a sound stage during a television appearance by the band. Harris survives the fall but becomes paraplegic from his injuries. Kelly devotes much time to caring for him. Emerson forgives Petronella for her infidelity. Casey and Roxanne have a steamy, intimate romance. But this idyllic existence ends when {{nowrap}} invites Casey, Roxanne, and Lance to a psychedelic-fueled party at his house. After revealing he has female breasts and trying to seduce Lance, who spurns him, {{nowrap}} goes on a murderous rampage: he beheads Lance with a sword , stabs his servant Otto ([[Henry Rowland  to death, and shoots Casey and Roxanne, killing them. Responding to a desperate phone call Casey made shortly before her death, Kelly, Harris, Pet, and Emerson arrive at {{nowrap}} house and try to subdue him. Petronella is wounded in the melee, which ends in {{nowrap}} death. After a preachy, satirical voice-over monologue during scenes of Kelly and Harris  hiking on a log over a creek &mdash; which Roger Ebert credits to Russ Meyer\'s "sick sense of humor"{{Cite quote}} &mdash; the film ends with the wedding of three couples, Kelly and Harris, Pet and Emerson, and Susan and Baxter Wolfe, with Porter Hall observing from outside the court house window.'] ['In Los Angeles, popular songwriter Steve Elliott  prepares to marry Caroline Brooks , who has pledged to give up her job as a college swimming instructor once she has wed. Likewise, Steve plans to quit his songwriting career, even though New York producer George Adams  has already hired him to write new songs for a water ballet show. When George overhears Steve discussing his "retirement" with Caroline, he vows to prevent the marriage and enlists Maria Dorango , an aspiring actress posing as a Latin-American singer, to help him. Moments after a justice of the peace pronounces the redheaded Steve and Caroline man and wife, Maria rushes in, claiming that Steve is her husband and the father of her three redheaded children, which she has paraded in at that moment. Although Steve pleads his innocence, Caroline storms off in a rage and returns to her teaching post at Victoria College in New Jersey. A determined Steve and his friend, Carlos Ramirez, follow her there, but are denied entrance to the all-female school. Later, in a New York nightclub, Steve meets drunken lawyer Chester Klazenfrantz  and learns that Klazenfrantz has been hired to change the charter of Victoria College, which has never officially designated itself as all-female. Armed with this information, Steve returns to Victoria and insists on applying for admission. Unaware of Caroline\'s relationship to Steve, Dean Clinton  suggests to the faculty that he be admitted for a two-week probationary period, during which time they would give him 100 demerits, which would qualify him for expulsion before Parents Day. Once enrolled, Steve tries to speak with Caroline, but she refuses to listen to his explanations and tells him she is seeking an annulment. Later, in music class, stodgy Professor Hendricks  attempts to discredit Steve, whose presence on campus has created a furor among the co-eds, by ordering him to write his own version of the Scottish ballad Loch Lomond and teach the next day\'s class. With help from several talented students, Carlos, the music teaching assistant , and Steve\'s friend Harry James and his orchestra, Steve meets Hendricks\' challenge and is awarded an "A." That night, Steve visits Caroline at her house, but is turned out after Willis Evans , a conservative botany professor who is in love with Caroline, arrives. When Caroline realizes that Steve is hiding in her closet, spying on her, she commands Willis\' Great Dane, Duke, to guard the closet door, while reminding Steve that unless he is in his room in five minutes, he will be expelled for breaking curfew. With only seconds to spare, Steve manages to trick the dog long enough to escape back to his dingy basement room. Steve is then visited by George, who threatens to vilify him in the press unless he finishes his songs. When Steve swears deadly revenge on the person who hired Maria, however, George backs down and offers to help Steve do his homework. Concerned about the approaching Parents Day, Dean Clinton, meanwhile, commands Steve\'s professors, who have penalized him with only fifty-five demerits, to bear down on him. To that end, Mme. Zarka , Steve\'s ruthlessly strict ballet teacher, forces him to wear a tutu and dance with the co-eds, but Steve once again rises to the occasion. A now desperate Dean Clinton asks Caroline to go out with Steve and ensure that he arrives back at Victoria after the curfew. Caroline agrees, but during the evening, Steve convinces her of his innocence, and as they drive back to school, the newlyweds make plans to return to California together. Unknown to Caroline and Steve, Maria is on campus, looking to expose George, who has been trying to get rid of her, to Steve. At the same time, a campus sorority descends on Steve\'s room, hoping to initiate him, and Jean Allenwood , another co-ed, shows up with news that her parents and Dean Clinton are on their way over to inspect his room. As Steve desperately hides all the women in two closets and keeps Caroline from discovering Maria, George unexpectedly arrives. Although Steve succeeds in hiding George and himself and fooling Dean Clinton and the Allenwoods, Maria soon makes her presence known to Caroline, who once again leaves in a fury. Later, Steve promises to write songs for George\'s water ballet show on condition he make Caroline the star. George agrees, and after Maria is finally able to tell Caroline the truth, Caroline happily reunites with Steve, who then gives George a thrashing.'] ['Andrew Larabee teaches at a school run by his headmaster father Matthew, a traditional man who disapproves of his son\'s unconventional methods despite their popularity with the students. Andrew\'s special interest is archaeology, and he hopes to earn his father\'s respect through this field of study. During the school holidays, Andrew bicycles to ancient ruins in Sussex where he believes a statue of Pan  can be found. Such a discovery would enable him to publish and subsequently wed Letitia Fairchild, his fiancée of five years, who insists he earn a promotion before she marries him. At the site he encounters the Gallini family traveling circus, which has been ordered to pack up and leave by the local police since the land is now property of dairy farmer Lord Elmwood. The five Gallini brothers and their cousin Selena mistake Andrew for a contractor, and when he tells them he doesn\'t mind if they remain, the Gallinis halt their "pulling up stakes". Lord Elmwood arrives and threatens to remove both Andrew and the circus, but Andrew realizes he\'s a former fellow Oxford University student with a checkered romantic past. Chastened by Andrew’s subtle threat of blackmail, Lord Elmwood agrees to give Andrew and the Gallinis a week before he starts construction on the land. Shortly after he has begun his excavations, Andrew discovers an underground tunnel on the site and burrows through its ceiling and directly into the middle of the lion act during a performance. His amusingly masterful way with the animals impresses Selena, who tells him he is a born entertainer, and she teaches him to juggle. With ringmaster Antonio suffering from laryngitis, Andrew is coaxed into replacing him at the matinee. Unfortunately, Letitia and Andrew\'s brother Dudley arrive to check on Andrew\'s progress and decide to attend the circus, so Andrew is disguised as Antonio. Due to needing a lot of padding to fit into Antonio\'s clothes, Andrew is given a RAF safety life jacket with a whistle, smoke and emergency flares &mdash; all of which cause havoc in mid-speech and marking Andrew as a natural clown. After the performance, Selena is overcome with jealousy at the sight of Andrew and Letitia together, and later follows Andrew into the tunnel. Andrew does some more digging, inadvertently causing a cave-in which traps both of them overnight. The following morning, Angelina the chimpanzee, who is tied to a stake by a rope, attempts to get a banana which has been thrown to her out of her reach. As Angelina pulls on the rope, the stake moves, causing the earth around it to collapse and revealing Andrew and Selena. When Antonio and his sons discover them, they accuse Andrew of improper behavior with their Selena and, to save the family honor, insist the two wed on the following Saturday. Angelina the chimpanzee then finds the Pan statue Andrew was seeking and conceals it in her cage. Andrew convinces Selena his obligations at school override their wedding plans and he returns home, where he discovers his father has promoted him and Letitia is ready to accept him as her husband &mdash; with their marriage having also been set to take place on the following Saturday. On the night before the ceremony, Selena brings Andrew the statue of Pan which Angelina had given to her. Because Andrew\'s class has performed well in their last test, Andrew has promised them a treat, but refuses to take them to the Gallini Circus, which is due to arrive. So the boys disappear on the day of the wedding, and Andrew tracks them back to the circus. His father and brothers discover the statue of Pan, and Dudley mentions that a circus was in the field in which Andrew was searching for Pan. Accompanied by Letitia and her father, Andrew\'s father and brothers follow him to the circus where they find Andrew being chased by the Gallini brothers. When Andrew is confronted by two upset families, he finally clears things up and admits that he loves Selena. Following the wedding ceremony, Andrew and Dudley leave the church arm-in-arm with Letitia. After the happy couple - Dudley and Letitia - drive away on their honeymoon, Matthew gives his blessing to Andrew, saying that Andrew was carrying on a fine family tradition . A very happy Andrew then leaves with his bride-to-be Selena and the equally happy members of the Gallini family.'] ["Veronica Fisher  enters Oberkugen's music shop, looking for work. Although Otto Oberkugen  is reluctant to take on more staff, she wins a job by persuading a wealthy matron, through her singing and musical expertise, to buy a harp at almost $25 over Oberkugen's list price. Neither she nor Andrew Larkin , the shop's senior salesman, suspects that they are each other's anonymous pen pal. They bicker constantly at work although becoming increasingly attracted to each other."] ["Louise Ginglebusher  is a young woman from the small town of Cobbleskill who comes to New York City to make it in show business. In a café, she's befriended by a kindhearted but ornery waiter, Wechsberg , and meets a bearded struggling attorney, George Prescott . She gets a job as an usherette from Mr. Buckingham , the owner of the prestigious Buckingham Music Hall, who's an old friend of her father. While working at the Music Hall she meets Wechsberg again, and later when she is accosted by a masher, she gets rid of him by claiming that Wechsberg is her husband. Wechsberg then invites her to come with him the next night when he works at an upscale social gathering at the Savoy Ritz. Louise borrows a gown and comes to the party, where they get her past the headwaiter by claiming she's one of the entertainers. Mingling, she meets the host, J. Conrad Nelson , a philandering meat magnate, who requests that Louise sing a song. She does, so beautifully that Nelson offers to star her in a Broadway musical. To discourage Nelson's obvious physical interest in her, Louise tell him that she's married, whereupon Nelson offers buy her out of her marriage by paying her husband for his loss. Impetuously deciding to do a good deed, she gives Nelson the business card that George Prescott, the struggling lawyer, had given her, and tells him that George is her husband. When Nelson visits George the next day in his shabby storefront law office, and offers to make him the legal representative for his company, George is suspicious and refuses the offer, but Nelson allays his concerns by telling the ethical young attorney that he needs an honest lawyer as a role model for his staff &ndash; the truth is he wants George on his staff so he can keep him occupied while he pursues Louise. Many complications ensue after Louise gets George to shave off his old-man's beard, revealing the handsome young man underneath, and a stroll in the moonlight provokes George to propose marriage to Louise.TCM Full synopsis<ref nameavg&sql=1:96132~T0 Plot synopsis ]"] ['Mild-mannered Professor Hobart Frisbee  and his fellow academics, among them Professor Magenbruch , are writing a musical encyclopedia. When they discover that there is some new popular music that is called jazz, swing, boogie woogie or rebop introduced by two window washers Buck and Bubbles. The professors become entangled in the problems of night club singer Honey Swanson . She needs a place to hide out from the police, who want to question her about her gangster boyfriend Tony Crow . She invites herself into their sheltered household, over Frisbee\'s objections. While there, she introduces them to the latest in jazz, with which they are unfamiliar, giving the film an excuse to feature many of the best musicians of the era. The songs they play include "A Song Is Born", "Daddy-O", "I\'m Getting Sentimental Over You", "Flying Home", and "Redskin Rumba". Eventually, Tony comes by to collect Honey, but by that time, she and Hobart have fallen in love. And the finale, of course, is not decided by guns but by music, its resonance and reverberation.'] ['The film is about the nature of free will, conceived and edited in a stream of consciousness style. Head begins at the dedication of a bridge. As a local politician struggles with his microphone during the dedication speech, the "wacky, fun-loving" Monkees suddenly interrupt the ceremony by running through the assembled officials, to the sound of various horns and sirens. The rest of the film shows what happened that led up to that. The four have just all kissed the same groupie, who tells them that they were indistinguishable. Throughout the film, they make their way through a series of unrelated vignettes, each being a different type of film (mystery, war, [[Western . In each one, they try to deal with the fact that they\'re four real people in a real band that makes records for real people, but are also scripted characters in a fake TV band doing nothing except exactly what the director wants them to. They continually try to prove to themselves that they\'re free and can make any choice they want. But no matter what they try — deliberately flubbing their lines, pointing out to other characters that they\'re really just actors making a film, complaining to Nicholson and Rafelson who are on the set but not part of the film, smashing through the painted paper walls, walking off the set and into the street, physically attacking other actors for no reason, and making everyone they encounter mad at them — they discover that their every word and deed was predetermined to the finest detail by the script of the movie they\'re in and the director directing it. For example, they forget their worries at a party where girls are go-go dancing. But a mirror on the wall reveals the camera shooting directly into it, recording the scene we are watching while Rafelson sits next to the camera in the mirror. At one point, Peter actually discovers the answer to the free will contradiction in their reality. The four frequently find themselves inside a large black box from which they cannot escape. The box represents the constraints of being fictional characters unable to make any real choices. Peter announces that he will talk about the nature of conceptual reality, then informs the others that "it doesn\'t matter if we\'re in the box". He realizes that the difference between free will and pre-scripted action is illusory. As long as you can do anything you want, \'it doesn\'t matter\' if your choices were known in advance by some powerful entity in a higher level of context outside the universe, because the situation in which you find yourself is identical to one in which there is no outer context and you really are free. Unfortunately, the other three pay no attention to Pete\'s liberating revelation, which they characterize as navel-contemplating nonsense, and soon, even Pete forgets about it. While being chased by everyone they\'ve encountered  in the various vignettes, they run onto a bridge, shoving people out of the way. We see that they weren\'t being "wacky" at the beginning of the film; they were desperately trying to escape being mere scripted puppets. Finally, we see that they went to the bridge to make the ultimate assertion of free will. They jump off the edge and commit suicide, falling a very long way and slamming into the water far below. However in the final scene, we see that this, too, was scripted. The film\'s director hauls their soaked bodies away in a huge aquarium while the four stare blankly through the glass, motionless under the water. Laughing, he rolls the aquarium into a slot at the studio warehouse, to be taken out when he wants to use them again in another movie.The Monkees Tale by Eric LefcowitzMonkeemania: The True Story of the Monkees by Glenn A. BakerThe Monkees: The Day-By-Day Story of the 60s TV Pop Sensation by Andrew SandovalThe film "Head"'] ["In World War I, the musical Yip Yip Yaphank is a rousing success. During the show, it is learned that the troop has received its orders to ship off to France, and thus the end number is changed so that the soldiers march through the theater with their rifles and gear and out into the waiting convoy of trucks. Jones kisses his new bride on the way down the aisle. In the war, several of the soldiers in the production are killed. Jerry Jones is wounded in France, by shrapnel during a German artillery barrage. He loses the full use of one of his legs, ending his career as a dancer and must walk with a cane. Nevertheless he is resolved to find something useful to do. Sgt. McGee and Pvt. Eddie Dibble,the bugler also survive. Twenty-five years later, with World War II raging in Europe, Jones' son Johnny enlists in the Army shortly after Pearl Harbor is attacked. He tells his sweetheart that they cannot marry until he returns, since he doesn't want to make her a widow. He grudgingly accepts the order to stage another musical, just as his father did. The show goes on tour around the United States and eventually plays in front of President Roosevelt ([[Jack Young  in Washington, D.C.. During the show, it is announced that the Washington, D.C. performance will be the last night, and that afterwards the soldiers in the production will be ordered back to their combat units. Johnny's erstwhile fiancée, who has since joined the Red Cross auxiliary, appears at the show. During a break in the show, she brings a minister and convinces them that they should marry - which they do, in the alley behind the theater, with their fathers as witnesses."] ['In South Park, Colorado, Kenny McCormick, Kyle Broflovski, Eric Cartman and Stan Marsh are on their way to the local movie theater to see the new film Terrance and Phillip: Asses of Fire which stars the boys\' favorite Canadian comedy duo, Terrance and Phillip. The boys learn new words from the movie, which causes the other kids in town to see the picture. The kids of South Park Elementary School begin cursing in class, and Kyle, Cartman, Kenny and Stan are sent to Counselor Mackey\'s office, where he informs their parents. Learning that the language was from the movie, the parents force the teachers to abandon their previous lesson plans and run a rehab-like center{{dn}} for the kids to get them to stop swearing. After rehab, the boys and the rest of the children see the movie again. After Kenny dies as the result of lighting his fart on fire like in the movie , the boys are grounded, Kenny is sent to Hell where he meets Satan and Saddam Hussein who are gay lovers, the parents of South Park boycott Terrance and Phillip, and Sheila  has Terrance and Phillip arrested for corrupting the minds of America\'s children. As response to having the duo arrested, Canada strikes back by bombing the house of the Baldwin brothers, killing them. Cartman is implanted with a V-chip by Dr. Vosknocker which will shock Cartman every time he uses profanity. Stan is trying to win back a girl he likes, Wendy, who is hanging out with another boy named Gregory. Stan asks Chef for advice, and Chef tells him to find the clitoris, which is a word Stan does not recognize. Sheila and President Bill Clinton reveal on national news their plans to go to war with Canada in response to the killing of the Baldwins and to have Terrance and Phillip executed at a USO show. Meanwhile, Satan knows that the war is a sign to invade Earth, and if the blood of the two Canadians touches American soil, it will be time for him to rise up. Saddam wants to come with him, but Satan is tired of being bossed around by Saddam. Kenny tells Satan to break up with Saddam to which Satan initially agrees, but Saddam wins back Satan with a song. Kenny haunts Cartman as a ghost and tells him that Satan and Saddam Hussein plan to come to Earth and for Cartman to warn everybody. The boys have a secret meeting to talk about how they can save Terrance and Phillip. They form "La Resistance" and Gregory tells Stan to meet with a kid named The Mole to help them infiltrate the location of the USO show. La Resistance and The Mole infiltrate the USO show, but The Mole is killed by guard dogs. It is up to everyone else to save Terrance and Phillip and Cartman\'s V-Chip malfunctions due to a power surge. The kids save Terrance and Phillip, but the Canadians unexpectedly show up and a bloody battle ensues. Sheila shoots Terrance and Phillip which results in Satan and Saddam Hussein rising from the ground. The other moms decide to stop what they are doing, seeing as what they and their Mothers Against Canada organization started and head off to look for their sons. Stan finds the clitoris  in the woods who tells him to be confident in order to win back Wendy\'s love. Satan finally kills Saddam when he gets fed up with all the abuse and brings Kenny back from Hell, telling him can have any wish in exchange for encouraging him to kill Saddam. Kenny wishes for everything to return to the way it was before the War, which means he will remain dead. Kenny is sent to Heaven due to this act, the war has ended, the Canadians and Americans become friends again, and everything returns to normal. Back in South Park, Ike, still hiding in the attic, eats a rat in a post-credits scene'] ['In the resort of Lake Waxapahachie, the swanky Wentworth Plaza is where the rich all congregate, and where the tips flow like wine. Handsome Dick Curtis  is working his way through medical school as a desk clerk, and when rich, penny-pinching Mrs. Prentiss  offers to pay him to escort her daughter Ann  for the summer, Dick can\'t say no – even his fiancee, Arline Davis  thinks he should do it. Mrs. Prentiss wants Ann to marry eccentric middle-aged millionaire T. Mosley Thorpe , who\'s a world-renowned expert on snuffboxes, but Ann has other ideas. Meanwhile her brother, Humbolt  has a weakness for a pretty face: he\'s been married and bought out of trouble by his mother several times. Every summer, Mrs. Prentiss produces a charity show for the "Milk Fund", and this year she hires the flamboyant and conniving Russian dance director Nicolai Nicoleff  to direct the show. The parsimonious Mrs. Prentiss wants to spend the least amount possible, but Nicoleff and his set designer Schultz  want to be as extravagant as they can, so they can rake off more money for themselves, and for the hotel manager  and the hotel stenographer , who\'s blackmailing the hapless snuffbox fancier Thorpe. Of course, Dick and Ann fall in love, Humbolt marries Arline, and the show ends up costing Mrs. Prentiss an arm and a leg, but in the end she realizes that having a doctor in the family will save money in the long run.'] ['In the early morning, dancers are warming up on an English beach, and Neil Tennant appears on a bicycle. The song "It couldn\'t happen here" is being played. He cycles up to a kiosk, where he buys some postcards from the shopkeeper . The shopkeeper complains about the political faults of the modern world, but Neil ignores him and fills out his postcards. Meanwhile, Chris Lowe is at a bed & breakfast. He is in his room packing everything into a seemingly bottomless trunk. He runs downstairs and waits for the landlady  to bring him breakfast. In the breakfast room, an Uncle Dredge  is making bad jokes. When the huge fried breakfast arrives, Chris empties the contents of the tray over the landlady and runs out onto the street. He runs along the promenade being chased by a group of Hells Angels on bikes. Back at the beach, Neil continues to cycle along the beach. He passes a priest  who is reciting verses whilst leading a party of school children. Two of the boys are the Pet Shop Boys at a younger age and they run to the pier. In a building on the pier, the adult Neil is seeing an exotically dressed female fortune teller; as he leaves she uncovers her face to reveal that "she" is Chris Lowe. The young Neil and Chris  look in a Victorian era Mutoscope and see a short bedroom farce: a slapstick performance featuring a squire  and a butler  making advances to a French maid . The priest catches up with the boys and shouts more verses at them. The boys escape into the amusement arcade where they see a rock star  in a gold tasseled suit. Then they pass into a theatre, where they see a group of nuns perform a risqué dance routine to "It\'s a Sin". The priest catches up with them again and he takes them outside where it is now evening. On the pier, he commands twelve fishermen to haul a huge cross out of the sea and onto their ship. The adult Neil and Chris pass three rappers performing "West End Girls" and go to buy a classic car. The salesman  insists on presenting his full sales spiel, so Neil and Chris try to interrupt. They pay for the car in cash and drive off with Chris at the wheel. In the car, the news report on the radio tells of a hitchhiker who has hacked to death three people who have given him lifts. Chris pulls over for a female hitchhiker whom they see on the roadside, but instead an elderly man  gets in. The passenger, who fits the description of the killer from the radio, gives strange and incoherent answers to questions and turns up the radio, which plays "Always on My Mind". During the song, the passenger, with a mad look in his eyes, unpacks several knives from his bag but suddenly asks to be let out and the Pet Shop Boys continue unharmed. They arrive at a transport cafe where they\'re sat next to a traveller . They order an inappropriate gourmet meal, but the waitress doesn\'t flinch. At another table a pilot , fiddles frustratedly with a hand-held computer game that says "divided by... divided by... zero" . A voice from the traveler\'s briefcase asks to be let out and the traveller does so, revealing a ventriloquist\'s dummy. The dummy starts philosophizing about the concept of time. He asks whether time can be likened to a teacup in that a teacup is no longer a teacup if no one has the intention to use it as such. To shut him up Neil puts a record on the jukebox ("[[Rent  and the wall of the cafe rises to reveal some dancers. Meanwhile, the pilot is seen back in his office reading W.H. Newton-Smith\'s book \'A Structure Of Time\'. After a while he reaches a conclusion that "the dummy\'s a blasted existentialist". He boards his plane, determined to put an end to such daftness. Neil and Chris are driving along a country lane, when the pilot attacks. "Two Divided By Zero" is playing. The car is covered with bullet holes but the Pet Shop Boys drive on, again unharmed. The pilot\'s monologue piece is known to be extracted from Newton-Smith\'s book. They stop by a telephone box which is being vandalized by a group of youths. Instead of attacking Neil, they politely open the door for him and he phones his mother . The two of them exchange the lines to "What Have I Done to Deserve This?". At the end Neil puts his head against the broken glass on the door and blood appears. In a suburban street a commuter leaves home and there is a scantily clad woman in his upstairs window. He is covered in flames but doesn\'t seem to notice. At the railway station, a zebra is led by two zebra-faced men into a goods van. Neil and Chris sit on the platform watching, then get into another van where a large snake coils itself around them. The van takes them to Paddington station. At Paddington station, army soldiers stand guard and there is a limo waiting for Neil and Chris. They get in and drive through a tunnel as the chauffeur  quotes passages from Milton\'s Paradise Lost at them. They are driven through a battlefield with bombs exploding all around them. They pull up by a nightclub and Neil and Chris enter. They perform "One more chance" to a crowd of dancers. Each dancer has a number on their back. Once the song is finished, Neil and Chris walk up the stairs to leave and on their back are numbers too - except that both of them read "0".'] ['The setting of the story is early 1950s New York City and focuses around the early television community. Jerry Biffle  is the star of the Blendo Soap Program. He has been invited to participate in an autograph-signing party for his new book at an important department store. Jerry meets Sally Peters , one of the department store models, and makes her part of his TV troupe. As part of his campaign to court Sally, Jerry gets Cliff Lane , the tenor of his TV company, to sing to her over the phone. When Sally and Cliff meet, they fall in love, with Biffle ignorant of the complications. Biffle engineers a big publicity wedding between Cliff and "a girl," not knowing that Sally is the girl. To further complicate his life, Jerry learns that he is about to lose his sponsor. The publicity elopement between his girl and Cliff almost shatters his entire career and life. When it seems that his whole world will cave in, Jerry\'s sponsor comes up with a new format for the Blendo program and, as far as Jerry is concerned, the day is saved.'] ["In the middle of New York's theater district sits Father Conroy's parish, where entertainers often attend his services. His parishioners include Holly LeMaise, whose dad Harry was an old vaudevillian. Holly takes a job as a showgirl in a nightclub to pay the medical bills when her father falls ill. The featured entertainer at the club is Tony Vincent, a playboy whose romantic advances Holly wards off. But soon she develops feelings for him. Father Conroy befriends the former songwriter Phil Stanley, whose alcoholism and hard times have left him playing piano in Tony's act. The priest annoys Tony by seemingly interfering with Holly's personal life and now Phil's as well. Tony lands a job at a Miami hotel and tries to manipulate Holly into going along. As a charity event, Father Conroy organizes a big show that will be on nationwide TV. Tony, having lost the Miami job, desperately wants to perform on it. To prove his true intent to Holly, the priest offers to book Tony on television provided he tells Holly their relationship is over. Holly is shocked when he accepts. When it's his turn to sing, Tony's guilty conscience gives him a change of heart. He gives up his time on the TV show to Phil, who has written a new song. Father Conroy is pleased, and soon finds himself officiating at Holly's and Tony's wedding."] ['Pat  does everything she can to keep the struggling Colonel Gowdy Big City Shows traveling circus afloat, despite an alcoholic though well-meaning Colonel Gowdy  and disgruntled unpaid workers. She sings and dances, and even does a high dive into a shallow pool of water when the "Great Santini" quits just before a performance. One of her few comforts is her love for barker Joe Palmer ([[Donald Cook . He, however, seems less enthused about the relationship and regularly takes money from her. To add to her troubles, her younger sister Irene , whom she is having educated to become a lady, visits her during school vacation and wants to stay with the circus. Irene and Tom fall in love. When Pat finds out, she sends Irene back to school, fires Tom, and tells Gowdy she is quitting the circus. Fortunately, Tom and Irene come to their senses, and Tom asks Pat to marry him.'] [' The "gold diggers" are four aspiring actresses: Polly the ingenue, Carol the torch singer, Trixie the comedienne, and Fay the glamour puss. The film was made in 1933 during the Great Depression and contains numerous direct references to it. It begins with a rehearsal for a stage show, which is interrupted by the producer\'s creditors who close down the show because of unpaid bills. At the unglamorous apartment shared by three of the four actresses , the producer, Barney Hopkins , is in despair because he has everything he needs to put on a show, except money. He hears Brad Roberts , the girls\' neighbor and Polly\'s boyfriend, playing the piano. Brad is a brilliant songwriter and singer who not only has written the music for a show, but also offers Hopkins $15,000 in cash to back the production. Of course, they all think he\'s pulling their legs, but he insists that he\'s serious &ndash; he\'ll back the show, but he refuses to perform in it, despite his talent and voice. Brad comes through with the money and the show goes into production, but the girls are suspicious that he must be a criminal since he is cagey about his past, and will not appear in the show, even though he is clearly more talented than the aging juvenile lead they have hired. It turns out, however, that Brad is in fact a millionaire\'s son whose family does not want him associating with the theatre. On opening night, in order to save the show when the juvenile  can\'t perform , Brad is forced to play the lead role. With the resulting publicity, Brad\'s brother, J. Lawrence Bradford and the family lawyer, Fanuel H. Peabody discover what he is doing, and arrive in New York to prevent him from being seduced by "gold diggers". Their goal is to break up the romance between Brad and Polly. Lawrence mistakes Carol for Polly, and his heavy-handed effort to dissuade the "cheap and vulgar" showgirl from marrying Brad by buying her off annoys her so much that she goes along with the gag in order to eventually pull the rug out from under him. Trixie meanwhile targets "Fanny" the lawyer as the perfect rich sap ripe for exploitation. But what starts as gold-digging turns into something else, and when the dust settles, Carol and Lawrence are in love and Trixie marries Fanuel, while Brad is free to marry Polly after all. All the "gold diggers"  end up married to wealthy men.'] ["This film is a false documentary about a fictional, top-secret Soviet Intercosmos mission based in East Germany. Two ships are sent out to set up both an industrial colony on Saturn's moon Titan and a recreational colony on Jupiter's moon Ganymede. The film covers the background of the mission, as well as several radio conversations between the leaders of the two separate colonizing missions, the female Seagull and the male Falcon, who are implied to be in a romantic relationship. Besides colonizing the two moons, part of the mission is also to set up an archive of Socialist culture within the vacuum of space. For reasons not explained within the film, the mission fails, and all records of it are either destroyed or hidden away. However, the last scene reveals Seagull and Falcon to be still alive, as they converse about other failed secret Soviet space missions, most of which resulted in the demise of the entire crew."] ['The film begins with three aliens, one blue, one red, and one yellow, traveling to Earth in a flying saucer. While watching a holographic music video of a multi-coloured female of their species, they enter Earth\'s atmosphere somewhere over California. Valerie Gail  is a valley girl manicurist who works for the "Curl Up & Dye" hair salon. When she feels her cold fiancé Dr. Ted Gallagher  is slipping away, she attempts to seduce him with a new look; instead she catches him cheating on her with his nurse. She kicks him out and refuses to see him until the wedding. The next day, she is sunbathing when the aliens\' spaceship crash lands in her pool. Wanting them to blend in to their surroundings, she takes them to her friend Candy Pink . After shaving off the aliens\' fur, they turn out to be attractive men. They all go out and party at Los Angeles nightclubs. The three aliens — red Wiploc , yellow Zeebo  and blue Mac — absorb human  culture through ten minutes of television, and Valerie takes them on a tour of human culture. Valerie and Mac discover that they are much better off together and she leaves with them once the ship has been repaired.'] ["Three brothers, Samo, Sandi and Krištof think up a plot to get hold of maths finals test papers from their professor at secondary school through courting a girl they assume is his daughter. Not knowing her true name, they call her Vesna, after the Slavic goddess of Spring. The professor's real daughter, the attractive Janja turns up for a date with Samo and they fall in love. When Vesna / Janja finds out the original reason for Samo's interest in her, she does not want to see him again, but eventually changes her mind.plot translated from Slovenian Film Fund site in Slovene"] ["Joe, Al and Davy are in Paris, three sailors on a furlough. They see the sights, but have their sights set on getting to know three girls, including Colette d'Avril, a nightclub singer, and Suzzane Sorrel, who's just had her purse snatched. Each is in for a surprise. Joe finds out that Colette is actually Janie Mitchell, a girl from Brooklyn. She also is raising several orphans at home with financial aid from a male benefactor. Al, meanwhile, learns that Suzzane is actually a high-society lady who lives in a mansion. Complications occur when Suzzane makes a play for Joe, giving him a kiss that is photographed and appears in the next day's newspapers. Janie isn't happy about that, but is grateful when the sailors organize a fund-raiser for the kids after her benefactor's death. All the boys need to get back to their ship, but promise they'll be back."] ['Bonnie and Connie Jones are showgirls, who are also sisters. They are sick and tired of New York as well as not getting anywhere. Quitting Broadway, the sisters decided to travel to Paris to become famous and find true love.'] ["Josh and Dinah Barkley  are a husband-and-wife musical comedy team at the peak of their careers. After finishing a new show, Dinah meets serious French playwright Jacques Pierre Barredout , who suggests that Dinah should take up dramatic acting. Dinah tries to keep the suggestion a secret from Josh, but when he finally discovers Dinah hiding a script for Jacques' new show from him, the couple splits up. Their good friend, acerbic composer Ezra Miller  tries to trick them back together again, but fails. When Josh secretly watches Dinah's rehearsals for Barredout's new play and sees how she is struggling, he calls her up and pretends to be the Frenchman, giving her notes that help her to understand her part, the young Sara Bernhardt. As the result, Dinah gives a brilliant performance. After the show, she accidentally learns that her late-night mentor was Josh and not Barredout, so she rushes to Josh's apartment and the two reconcile."] ['{{plot}} Oliver Oken  and Rico Suave  try to stop Lilly from leaving, but the party is ruined by Rico\'s exploding "Happy Birthday Lilly" cake. Upset at Miley, Lilly accidentally tells Oswald that Hannah is from a place called Crowley Corners, Tennessee, not realizing that he is a journalist. Robby  is furious over the fight between Hannah Montana and Tyra Banks reported over the newspapers and her general behavior over the past few months. He tells her that as Hannah she is going out of control and needs to gain perspective and remember who she truly is. Instead of leaving for the World Music Awards in New York on a private jet, Stewarts land in Crowley Corners, Tennessee, their hometown, for Miley\'s grandmother Ruby\'s  birthday. Miley is angry at her father for the switch but Robby points out that this is the life she could\'ve been leading if she wasn\'t famous. Despite Miley\'s protests, Robby decides to spend at least two weeks in Crowley Corners and ends up falling in love with a woman named Lorelai . Miley eventually warms up to her hometown when she rekindles a connection with childhood friend Travis Brody  after he helps her with riding her old horse, Blue Jeans. Nevertheless, Miley is eager to resume her Hannah duties and becomes chastened after Robby snaps that she seems to want to be Hannah Montana more than she wants to be with her family. Oswald, acting on Lilly\'s tip, follows Miley to her hometown. Miley takes the opportunity to try to write new songs but when she is ignored by Travis, she develop\'s writers\' block. Meanwhile, there is a firm battle developing with the residents of Crowley Corners and Mr. Bradley , a land developer who is planning to build a shopping mall on the site. Miley think\'s it\'s a good idea at first, but is told that some of the town is being destroyed by the development. At a barn party that night, several singers contribute to the charity to save Crowley Corners, singing "Back to Tennessee" by Billy Ray Cyrus , and "Crazier" by Taylor Swift . Miley sings as herself with "Hoedown Throwdown" until Mr. Bradley arrives. When he tells the towns people that they won\'t stop him, Travis suggests that Miley ask Hannah Montana, whom she claims to know from saving the singer\'s life in a surfing accident, to make an appearance to support the town, unaware that is Miley\'s alter ego. Miley doesn\'t know what to do without exposing her secret or letting the town down but to her surprise, Lilly arrives, disguised as Hannah Montana along with the band and crew, offering to help. As the two make up, Miley confides in Lilly that she has been having rough time adjusting to farm life while trying to be herself and Hannah. Oswald sneaks up on the girls and takes pictures of them, believing Lilly to be Hannah Montana. That is when Lilly realizes she has inadvertently led Oswald to Crowley Corners and apologizes. The town is overjoyed to have Hannah Montana in town but Travis is unimpressed and admits to Hannah that he has had a crush on Miley for some time. As Hannah, Miley urges Travis to ask Miley out and he does. Miley accepts, but she has already been invited to dinner with the mayor by Lorelai. Miley tries to be in two places at once but accidentally lets her guard down and is caught by Travis and a little girl mid-switch. He is understandably confused and rejects Miley, calling her a liar. Miley is devastated and Robbie breaks up with Lorelai to tend to his daughter. Miley finishes her song "Butterfly Fly Away", which she and Robby Ray sing together to cheer up. Miley finishes the chicken coop that she and Travis were building. He finds it and is touched by the gesture and after hearing the Hannah Montana song "Rock Star", Travis decides to go to the concert to support Miley. Seeing Travis show up, Hannah suddenly stops midsong. She explains to the crowd that she cannot live a lie anymore, especially when she is home. Hannah then removes her blond wig, revealing that her secret identity. She then sings her original song "The Climb." Afterwards, the crowd pleads with her to carry on being Hannah, promising not to reveal her secret, but Oswald is in the crowd and takes a picture. His twin daughters beg him not to reveal Miley\'s secret and he accepts, calling Lucinda to tell her he quits. Miley kisses Travis and then returns to the stage to finish with the song, "You\'ll Always Find Your Way Back Home". Miley leaves Tennessee to lead her double life again but with greater perspective and a better attitude.'] ['Set in medieval England, the plot nominally concerns the struggle to restore the rightful heir, a baby, to the throne after the King and all his family have been disposed of. Kaye plays Hubert Hawkins, an ex-carnival entertainer who becomes minstrel to the Black Fox, a Robin Hood-type character , who actually makes only a few minor appearances in the film. The usurping King Roderick wishes his daughter, Princess Gwendolyn, to marry his neighbor, Sir Griswold of MacElwain, to enlist Griswold\'s aid against the band of rebels headed by the Black Fox. Princess Gwendolyn, however, refuses to marry Griswold, and declares that she will wed only for love, since her personal maid Griselda, who is also a witch, has predicted that a true lover will come to the castle to court her. The marriage plan also does not sit well with Lord Ravenhurst, one of Roderick\'s advisors, who fears that Grisworld\'s presence may lose him his privileged position with the king. Hawkins, whose usual task is to reveal the royal infant\'s distinct birthmark  to prospective rebel recruits, is charged with the task of carrying the child across the country to safety when Roderick\'s men threaten to discover the rebels. Disguised as an old man, he travels with Maid Jean , one of the Fox\'s lieutenants posing as his granddaughter, with whom he is in love and who has also fallen for him. They encounter the King\'s new Jester "Giacomo, \'King of Jesters and Jester of Kings\'"  on his way to the castle and knock him out, and Hawkins impersonates him, hoping to gain entry to the King\'s castle. The plan is to steal the key to a secret passage into the castle, through which the Black Fox could then attack. Hawkins is, however, unaware that the jester he is impersonating is also a famous assassin whom Lord Ravenhurst plans to employ against his rivals. Maid Jean, proceeding alone with the infant king, is captured by the King\'s men, who have been sent to round up pretty young girls to decorate the tournament. At the castle, she entrusts the infant into the care of an infiltrator working as an ostler before she is taken away. Matters become more complicated when Griselda hypnotizes Hawkins to avoid death by her princess\' hands for her as yet unfulfilled promises; in his befuddled state, Hawkins inadvertently introduces Jean to the king, who takes a fancy to her, and gets the key lost, Gwendolyn infatuated with him, and Ravenhurst entrusting him with taking out his rivals, only to have his memory erased by Griselda afterwards. She also kills Ravenhurst\'s competitors Brockhurst, Finsdale and Pertwee according to her own agenda. During the evening banquet, Sir Griswold arrives to solidify his alliance with the king. However, Gwendolyn openly declares her love for the jester, and the enraged King orders Hawkins\' death. Griswold, insulted, announces that, if "Giacomo" were a knight rather than a common clown, he would challenge him to mortal combat. Meanwhile, Ravenhurst and his fellows have learned that Hawkins is an impostor, but wrongfully assume that he is the Black Fox himself; they also find out that Maid Jean is one of the rebels and that the royal heir is in the castle. Still intent on preventing the alliance, Ravenhurst counsels the King that he can get rid of the jester by making him a knight, who would then have to fight Sir Griswold. Although the requirements for Knighthood are usually very rigorous, the King arranges for Hawkins to pass them rapidly. Jean uses her confidence with the king to steal back the key and send it to her band, although she also tries to save Hawkins by asking the Black Fox to substitute for him in the joust. But just before the rebels can use the passage, it collapses, leaving only a small crawlspace. The Black Fox decides to summon Hawkins\' friends, a troupe of acrobatic dwarves he had met earlier, from the carnival and sends them through the passage for a diversionary attack while the rest of the rebels assault the castle from the outside. Back in the castle, Hawkins becomes a knight, and Griswold immediately challenges him to a joust to the death. Griselda, under Gwendolyn\'s orders to protect Hawkins, tries poisoning one of the drinks to be used for the toast immediately before the joust, but through one of his men Griswold also learns of the poison, and after a quarrel between the two combatants about the unpoisoned drink the toast is cancelled. Against all odds, Hawkins wins the joust because his armor was incidentally magnetized by a lightning bolt, but he refuses to deliver the coup de grâce, sparing Griswold\'s life. As Griswold leaves with his soldiers, Ravenhurst denounces Hawkins and Maid Jean to the King. Before the King can pass judgement upon them, Hawkins\'s friends, who have secretly entered the court through the secret passage, rescue him and capture the castle from the King\'s soldiers. During this battle, Ravenhurst attacks Hawkins with a sword. Griselda hastily enchants Hawkins again, giving him expert prowess in fencing - some of the time. Ravenhurst is finally hurled out of the castle into the sea via catapult. Griswold returns to defend the King, but Hawkins reveals the infant king\'s birthmark to him and to his men. The former enemies all pledge allegiance to the true king, Griswold and Gwendolyn become enamored with each other, and Hawkins leads everyone in one last chorus of "Life could not better be".'] ['The story, set in 1968, the year of the Prague Spring and the Soviet invasion, features a planned escape to the West and the arrest of one of its central characters for desertion from the army. The main couple, Tereza and Šimon, struggles to enjoy the free spirit of the times in spite of the turbulent political circumstances.'] ['The movie begins with Jesus Christ sitting on a beach relaxing and comparing the kingdom of God to a sand castle. He meets up with El Santo and a woman named Mary Magnum. Together they fight lesbian-killing vampires. Jesus fights with mixed martial arts skills and uses his carpentry skills to create weapons to slay vampires.'] ['It\'s every high school baseball team\'s dream to go to the legendary Koshien Stadium Tournament. For the first time in years, Seido High School has a chance&mdash;star player Gorrila Matsui has finally given the team an opportunity to succeed. Most delighted at this prospect is Principal Kocho. His hopes are dashed, however, when the Head teacher reveals to him that the first game will be played against the infamous Gedo High School."Head Teacher" is only ever referred to by this title. This title-in-place-of-name system is standard in the Japanese language Gedo is notorious for its brutal killings during games. They hardly play at all, instead engaging in a form of martial arts combat called "fighting baseball". Their matches erupt into brutal battlefields, Gedo slaughtering its opponents in any way possible, and the competing team vainly struggling for their lives. The Gedo team is almost inhuman in its slaughter, their bizarre weapons and attire coupled with their green-grey skin only increase this reputation. Understandably, Kocho is distressed&mdash;not only at the likely murder of his students, but at yet another chance to win the Koshien Stadium Tournament having been lost. Much to his delight, however, is the appearance of mysterious newcomer Jubeh, played by Tak Sakaguchi. Jubeh rescues Four Eyes , played by Atsushi Itō, from a gang of expelled students, beating Bancho  and catching Kocho\'s eye.Another recurring element in the film is a drunk man, usually seen laughing uproariously at whatever event has just occurred. He is always accompanied by his dog. At the end of the film, it is revealed through narration that the drunk died of alcohol poisoning during the final confrontation between the antagonists and protagonists. He also states that the drunk was "[his] master", implying that the dog has been the narrator of the entire film. Andy Klein of the L.A. City Beat called this the film\'s "best joke". http://www.lacitybeat.com/article.php?id102 He begs and pleads with Jubeh to join the team to help them defeat Gedo, but he steadfastly refuses. During this time Kocho and Jubeh are also confronted by a resurrected Bancho, though his "face changed". Bancho joins the team, explaining that the injuries that prevented him from playing baseball were cured by Jubeh\'s punches. When confronted by Four Eyes, Jubeh reveals why he has stopped playing baseball&ndash;in song. He musically laments his pitching skill, explaining how he became so skilled he was a danger to himself and others. Only his father, his hand confined to an absurdly huge catcher\'s mitt, will allow Jubeh to pitch. He soon regrets this, however, when an accidental ball to the head kills him. Jubeh vows never to pitch again. Despite this sorowful story, Four Eyes insists that Jubeh join the team, explaining his own plight. His mother hates baseball, and would be furious if he were to play. As a result, he must keep his presence on the Seido team a secret. Four Eyes\' sheer love for the game touches Jubeh deeply, and he joins the team. Jubeh gets there in time to hear Gorilla\'s last words.During this speech, the letters that make up the word "Seido" on Gorilla\'s uniform are strewn about to indicate the trauma that he has experienced. Finding a body he believes to be Four Eyes\', Jubeh laments the loss, before realising that it\'s in fact a Gedo trap. The "body" explodes, hurling Jubeh across the field, sending him to an early grave. Jubeh finds himself in a sepia-toned small town street in the afterlife. He sees a man he has not seen for some time&ndash;his father. He convinced Jubeh to embrace his pitching skills, and defeat Gedo once and for all. Jubeh pledges to do so as he watches his father ride off. Returning from the afterlife, he introduces his pitch, dubbed the "Super Tornado". Bancho also returns, again, this time as a child. He too met Jubeh\'s father in the afterlife, and was given his catcher\'s mitt. In the meantime, somehow Four Eyes\' mother has discovered that he was on the baseball team. Keeping him locked up in a cage, she watches over him day & night. Jubeh comes to his rescue, fighting his mother. He confronts her, asking her why she hates baseball so much. She reveals that her husband was killed by a baseball pitcher. All three come to a sudden realization&mdash;They are family. In jubilation, Four Eyes\' mother gives him permission to play. and the sun begins to shine. However, this peace is soon is interrupted by one member of the Gedo team, his head wrapped in bandages. He guns down everyone on the field, firing randomly and hitting everything in sight, including his own teammates. Jubeh manages to escape only through his own dexterity and the gunman\'s limited ammo. Looking around in outrage, Jubeh sheds a tear. As cherry blossoms fall, everyone on the field returns to life, before Jubeh attacks the bandaged gunman, literally knocking the muscles off his bones. Joyously, the crowd celebrates, and the narrator states that they lived happily ever after&mdash;Including the one person on the field that day who wasn\'t resurrected by Jubeh\'s tears.'] ['A young woman named Mei Li arrives from China as an illegal immigrant with her father in San Francisco, California to enter into an arranged marriage with the owner of a night club, Sammy Fong (inspired by the actual [[Forbidden City . Her intended is already involved with his leading showgirl, Linda Low, and does his best to dissuade Mei Li from marrying him, sending her to live in the house of Master Wang, where he presents her as prospect for Master Wang\'s son, Wang Ta. Dissolving the marriage contract is harder than either of them imagine. Master Wang is persuaded by his sister-in-law, Madame Liang, to allow Mei Li to fall in love naturally with Master Wang\'s son, Wang Ta. But Wang Ta is dazzled by the charms of Linda, who \'enjoys being a girl\', and succeeds in landing a date with her, during which she convinces him to give her his fraternity pin . Linda wishes to use Wang Ta to get a real commitment from Sammy Fong, who gets wind of her plan when Linda attends a party in honor of Wang Ta\'s and Madame Liang\'s graduation from university and citizenship classes, respectively. At the party, Linda has another club employee pretend to be her brother, and grant his permission for Linda to marry Wang Ta. Mei Li, hearing this, becomes discouraged, while Ta and his father argue over his marriage plans. Ta argues that he is old enough to make his own decisions, but the father says that he will be the one to let Ta know when he is old enough.  Sammy, in an effort to keep Linda from marrying Wang Ta, arranges to have Wang Ta  see her nightclub act, where he is shocked at her performance. He leaves, distraught, accompanied by his friend since childhood, the seamstress Helen Chao, who also grew up in America and deeply loves Wang Ta. Ta becomes drunk in his misery over Linda, and Helen ends up letting him stay for the night in her apartment. She sings "Love Look Away", about her unrequited love. In the morning, Mei Li comes to deliver a burned coat for Helen to mend, and becomes distressed when she discovers Wang Ta\'s clothing in Helen\'s kitchen. When Wang Ta wakes up , he still does not notice Helen\'s affections, even as she pleads for him to stay, and he leaves quickly. He goes to speak with Mei Li, now realizing that she is a better match for him than Linda Low, only to have Mei Li reject him, saying that she once loved him, but not anymore. She and her father leave Master Wang\'s house and pursue the marriage contract between Mei Li and Sammy Fong. This is unfortunate in that Sammy has already proposed to Linda, but now will be unable to marry her . Before the wedding, Wang Ta goes to see Mei Li, and they both realize that they are deeply in love with one another. They agree to try to come up with a way to get Mei Li out of her marriage contract. The day of the wedding, right before she is to sip from a goblet , Mei Li declares that, because she entered the United States illegally, the contract is null and void. Wang Ta can thus marry Mei Li, and Sammy decides to marry Linda right there as well, resulting in a double wedding. Helen ends up empty handed . In the novel, Ta\'s rejection actually leads her to commit suicide.'] ['Conrad Birdie ([[Jesse Pearson , a popular rock and roll star, receives an Army draft notice, devastating his teenage fans across the nation. Albert Peterson  is an unsuccessful songwriter, the family business, although he has a doctorate in biochemistry. He schemes with his secretary and long-suffering girlfriend Rosie DeLeon  to have Birdie sing a song Albert will write, but Birdie\'s conscription puts a halt to the plan. Rosie, however, convinces Ed Sullivan to have Birdie sing a song Albert will write called "One Last Kiss" on The Ed Sullivan Show, and then kiss a randomly-chosen high school girl goodbye before going off to the Army. Once that is a success, Albert will feel free to marry Rosie, despite his meddlesome mother Mae\'s  long history of ensuring nothing will come between her and her beloved son. Sweet Apple, Ohio, is chosen as the location for Birdie\'s farewell performance. The random lucky girl chosen is Kim MacAfee , who is thrilled. Kim already has a high school sweetheart, Hugo Peabody , who is not so thrilled. The teenagers of Sweet Apple, blissfully unaware of their town\'s impending fame, are spending the "Telephone Hour" catching up on the latest gossip: Kim and Hugo have just gotten pinned. Kim feels grown up, and declares "How Lovely to be a Woman". On the day Birdie arrives in town, the teenage girls sing their anthem to him, "We Love You Conrad", but the boys despise him for their girls\' love for him . Sweet Apple becomes a very popular place, but some of the local adults are unhappy with the sudden celebrity, especially after Conrad shows off his hip-thrusting moves while his "Honestly Sincere" causes every female to faint. Under pressure from the town\'s notable citizens, Mr. McAfee is unwilling to allow his daughter to kiss Conrad on television, but Albert placates him by telling him that their "whole family" will be on Sullivan\'s TV show . Albert reveals to Mr. McAfee that he is actually a biochemist who has developed a miracle supplement for domestic animals that will make a hen lay 3 eggs a day; they test it on the family\'s pet tortoise, which speeds off out the door. McAfee, a fertilizer salesman, sees a great future for himself in partnership with Albert marketing this pill. Hugo feels threatened by Conrad; Kim reassures him that he is the "One Boy" for her. Rosie, meanwhile, feels like Albert does not appreciate her, so Albert persuades her to "Put on a Happy Face". Albert\'s mother shows up, distressed to find Albert and Rosie together. Harry , Kim\'s father, is also agitated, not liking the way Conrad is taking over his house. They lament what is wrong with these "Kids" today. During rehearsal for the broadcast, an impatient Conrad kisses Kim and she faints. Hugo is hurt, so he and Kim break up. Albert is told that, for unknown reasons, the Russian ballet has switched to a different dance that needs extra time, therefore eliminating his song and the farewell kiss to Kim. Their plans for the future could be ruined. Rosie, fed up with Albert and his mother, dances and flirts with a room full of men at a Shriners convention . Albert rescues her from the crazed Shriners. Albert, of course, does request to have the ballet shortened to at least four minutes so there will be enough time for Conrad Birdie to sing his song, but the arrogant Ballet manager, probably unable to understand the importance of the song\'s inclusion, initially refuses to have it shortened, believing that cutting time would mean "artistic sabotage" to such a classic piece of work. However, Rosie slips one of Albert\'s pills into the milk of the orchestra\'s conductor to speed up the ballet, which not only amuses the audience, but also offends the Russians. There is a last-minute scramble to fill air time, and Birdie does get to appear on the show and sing "One Last Kiss". Hugo interrupts the actual kiss by running onstage and knocking out Birdie on live TV. Kim and Hugo reunite. Albert is free to marry now  and his mother agrees, revealing that she is now married to a widower she met the previous evening. All the couples  live happily ever after. Kim, now wiser, bids Conrad a fond goodbye in "Bye Bye Birdie ".'] ['A singer, Sugar Kane , is unwittingly being used for publicity stunts for her latest album by her agent , for example, faking a skydiving stunt, actually performed by Bonnie . Meanwhile, Frankie , , takes up skydiving, prompted by Bonnie, who secretly wants to make her boyfriend, Steve  jealous. This, of course, prompts Dee Dee  to also try free-falling. Eric Von Zipper and his Malibu Rat Pack bikers also show up, with Von Zipper falling madly in love with Sugar Kane. To top all this, Bonehead  falls in love with a mermaid . Eventually, Von Zipper "puts the snatch" on Sugar Kane. The film takes a The Perils of Pauline-like twist, with the evil South Dakota Slim  kidnapping Sugar and tying her to a buzz-saw.'] [" Composer Roger Bond  and his orchestra are appearing in Miami, with vocalist Honey Hales . Despite the warnings of accordionist and assistant band leader Fred Ayres , Roger is attracted to the beautiful and flirtatious Belinha  in the audience, he leaves the bandstand to pursue her. Doña Elena , Belinha's chaperone, is informed of this, and arranges for Roger and the band to be fired. But Roger pursues Belinha to Brazil, and organises as engagement for the band at the Hotel Atlantico in Rio de Janeiro, unaware that the hotel is owned by Belinha's father . Roger persuades Belinha to allow him to fly her there in his private plane, which runs into trouble inflight, forcing a landing on an apparently deserted island. Under the moonlight, she falls into his arms, while admitting to him that she is already engaged. In Rio, Roger informs his good friend Julio  that he has fallen in love, but finds out that Belinha is engaged to Julio. During rehearsals for the Hotel's opening, Fred is told by police that the hotel lacks an entertainment license. When Roger spots a plane overhead, he comes up with the idea of strapping dancing girls to planes, with Fred leading the band and Honey and Julio leading the planes. The show is a great success and the hotel's future guaranteed. Julio gives Belinha up to Roger while Fred and Honey celebrate.<ref name Billman | first  Fred Astaire - A Bio-bibliography | publisher  1997 | location  0-313-29010-5 | page = 82 }}http://www.allmovie.com/work/flying-down-to-rio-17969"] ["Three ex-G.I.'s have served in World War II together and become best friends. Upon returning home at the end of the war, they spend their last night together drinking in a favourite New York bar and exchanging their hopes and plans for the future. Before going their separate ways, they promise to reunite exactly ten years later at the same spot. However, when the three men eventually meet up again, they soon realize that they have steadily grown apart in the intervening years and are now very different people. Ted is a down-on-his-luck boxing promoter. Doug is now a stuffed-shirt advertising man with an ulcer. Angie runs a small hamburger stand. Each man is forced to face the fact that, to some extent, his present life falls short of how he had imagined it would turn out when a younger man. Circumstances reunite them when Ted falls for a beautiful woman, Jackie, who behind his back arranges for the three soldiers to appear together on a popular television program."] ["Alice Fullerton is the 15-year-old daughter of newspaper publisher Bill. She becomes involved with a group of boy scouts, who is led by Ken Warren. Ken wants to put on a show to raise money in order to go to scout camp. Alice helps him out with giving him permission to use the family home to rehearse. She is very helpful to them and is eventually given permission to be a part of the act. Meanwhile, Bill offers the house to reporter Vince Bullit, who intends on finishing an article in peace and quiet. Alice fears for her new friends being kicked out of the house and decides to try to scare Vincent away. She tries to scare Vincent by pretending the house is haunted by evil ghosts. However, Vincent sees through the hoax and confronts Alice. She tells him the whole truth. Vincent sympathizes with them and decides to leave the house, but Bill doesn't want him to. Alice changes her mind when she discovers Vincent is ill. She takes care of him and develops a crush. Ken, who has a crush on Alice, becomes jealous and tries to infuriate her by replacing her with singer Mary Lee. When an upcoming party is announced, Alice is determined to buy Vincent an expensive gift. She sells some of her stuff and buys a cigarette lighter. At the night of the party, she secretly borrows a dress from her mother to look older. She demands her to take her dress off. Enraged, Alice refuses to talk to anyone. Ken tells Vincent and Alice's parents that she is in love with Vincent. Alice's mother tries to discourage Alice, but she is determined to marry him. At the night of the party, Alice's mother tells a lie to discourage her daughter. She tells Alice Vincent is married to a reporter called Grace Bristow. Alice finally gives up her crush and is allowed to take over the part in the show when Mary Lee becomes ill."] ['Gwen Taylor  is a famous Hollywood film star and about to become more famous. On her manager\'s advice, she has concealed from the press the fact that she\'s a widow with a fouteen year old daughter, Gloria . Gloria lives in a girls-only boarding school in Switzerland. Gloria never sees her Mother and never knew her Father, who died when she was just a baby; he was a navy pilot during wartime. She has invented a fictitious \'father\', from who she receives letters, which she writes herself. But the other girls are getting curious and Gloria decides to kid them that he\'s about to visit her. Felice , another girl at the school, is suspicious and tries to prove that her father doesn\'t exist. The girls often meet the boys from a nearby boarding school. One of them, Tommy, , has a crush on her, and she likes him as well. At a church service, Gloria sings, "Ave Maria" with a boy\'s choir. Gloria needs to quickly find someone to act as her father for a day. She goes to the train station to meet her "father" and the man she picks at random is Richard Todd , an English composer on holiday, accompanied by Tripps , his valet/secretary. Amused at her presumption, he decides to play along, and comes to her school, acting like he really is her father. Gloria discovers that her mother will be visiting Paris and that Richard is also planning to visit Paris on business. She stows away on a train and manages to persuade Richard to pay her fare. In Paris, Richard discovers who Gloria\'s mother is and decides that it\'s about time for a reunion between her and Gloria. At a press conference, Gwen admits to having a fourteen year old daughter. Mother and daughter are tearfully reunited and Gwen is grateful to Richard for bringing Gloria back to her. A budding romance between Gwen and Richard is now obvious and the movie ends with Gloria singing, "A Serenade to the Stars" while the girls from her school, her mother and Richard sit happily together.'] ['School is out and the teenagers head for the beach. All is well until millionaire Harvey Huntington Honeywagon III  comes around, convinced that the beachgoers are so senselessly obsessed with sex that their mentality is below that of a primate – especially Honeywagon\'s wunderkind pet chimp Clyde, who can surf, drive, and watusi better than anyone on the beach. With the teenagers demoralized and discredited, Honeywagon plans to turn Bikini Beach into a senior citizens retirement home. Meanwhile, foppish British rocker and drag racer Peter Royce Bentley, better known as "The Potato Bug" , has taken up residence on Bikini Beach. Annoyed by Frankie\'s reluctance to start their relationship towards marriage, Dee Dee becomes receptive to Potato Bug\'s advances. In a jealous rage, Frankie challenges The Potato Bug to a drag race, in hopes of winning Dee Dee back.'] ['The film is a musical with a slim plot, involving theater producers  staging a wartime charity program, only to have the production taken over by their egotistical star . Meanwhile, an aspiring singer  and his songwriter girlfriend  conspire to get into the charity program by replacing Cantor with their look-alike friend, tour bus driver Joe Simpson . Many of Warner Brothers stars performed in musical numbers, including several who were not known as singers. The film features the only screen musical numbers ever done by Bette Davis, Errol Flynn, Olivia de Havilland, and Ida Lupino. Each of the cast members was paid a $50,000 fee for their appearance which was then donated to the Hollywood Canteen.Spada . p.194 The film was popular with audiences, and the critic James Agee called it "the loudest and most vulgar of the current musicals. It is also the most fun."Ringgold, Gene, The Films of Bette Davis, Cadillac Publishing Co., 1966, p.123 Ticket sales combined with the donated salaries of the performers raised more than two million dollars for the Hollywood CanteenSpada, James, More Than a Woman, Little, Brown and Company, 1993, ISBN 0-316-90880-0 p 195'] ['{{Expand section}} Jeffrey Evans , an American ambassador to Mexico is captivated by the charms of glamorous Hungarian Toni Karpathy . His impulsive daughter Christine  falls in love with the decidedly mature piano virtuoso Jose Iturbi.'] ['Eccentric multimillionaire Ezra Ounce , whose main purpose in life is raising American morals through a nationwide campaign, wants to be assured that his fortune will be inherited by upstanding relatives, so he visits his cousin, Matilda Hemingway  in New York City, in Horace\'s view the center of immorality in America. What Ounce finds most offensive are musical comedy shows and the people who put them on, and it just so happens that Matilda\'s daughter, Barbara , is a dancer and singer in love with a struggling singer and songwriter, her 13th cousin, Jimmy Higgens . On Ezra\'s instructions, Jimmy the "black sheep" has been ostracized by the family, on pain of not receiving their inheritance. Matilda\'s husband, Horace  meets a showgirl named Mabel , who\'s been stranded in Troy when her show folds, and connives her way into sleeping in Horace\'s train compartment as a way to get back home. Terrified of scandal, he leaves her some money and his business card, along with a note telling her to not mention their meeting to anyone; but when Mabel discovers that Horace is Barbara\'s father, she blackmails him into backing Jimmy\'s show.'] ["The plot is basically the same as that of the stage production, with one significant difference. In the original, Ed Earl and Miss Mona had a one-night stand fifteen years earlier, but in the film they maintain an ongoing affair. The relationship in the film brings about not only the accusatory scene, when the sheriff&mdash;disappointed that Mona has broken her promise to close the Chicken Ranch down long enough for things to cool off&mdash;calls her a whore, but also the happy ending, when he proposes marriage to Mona, even though that might endanger his chances to be elected as a state legislator.  The house used in the film is located at Universal Studios in Hollywood and can be viewed as part of the backlot tram tour.  The inspiration for the set came from a real ranchhouse located outside Austin, Texas, which is featured in scenes from the movie.{{cite web}} The role of Melvin P. Thorpe  is based on Marvin Zindler, an eccentric consumer reporter for Houston's KTRK-TV."] ['Wealthy restauranteur Harvey Howard , a self-made man, widower and owner of "Harvey Howard Smokehouses", decides to go back to college at the age of 51 and earn a bachelors degree. He faces opposition from his grown snobbish children, as well as a generation gap between himself and his much-younger fellow students. The first day in school he finds that just convincing older students, faculty and the admin personnel is a humorous task. He enrolls and receives freshman rooming, and is up front about his determination to be "just another freshman". Being assigned a quad rooming arrangement, this sets the standard for the upcoming years. Dealing with the student press, the dorm adviser and making that first toast with sauerkraut juice to seal their bond to complete their four years together. The President\'s welcoming speech sets the tone for the effort facing the freshman class. Harvey has to convince the Physical Ed coach that he has what it takes to compete by doing ten plus one pull ups to the cheers of his fellow younger frosh, only to collapse on his face upon finishing his set. Another frosh challenge is the bonfire that must exceed the height of the prior years. Harvey meets the French professor, Helen Gauthier when removing a supporting wooden chair from her porch. The bonfire\'s total height comes up a foot short, Harvey climbs to the summit and deposits his three-foot chair, a very brave and daunting achievement. Having two brilliant roommates and jock Gil Sparrow ([[Fabian , the academic rigors are always fuel for comedy and camaraderie. Science Professor Thayer, is haphazard, and suffers numerous comedic moments, chemicals that take on a life of their own, pairs of wires that should never be brought near each other during a storm, zap, and improving one\'s skating skills except on thin ice. Sophomore year again has Harvey being berated by his children, the school\'s beat reporter is there to welcome him and puts up with the snobby kids. Harvey is off to meet his last year\'s roommates and the requisite toast to success. He is asked to join their fraternity and has the usual hazing period to endure, polishing shoes, washing floors and the most challenging, dressing in drag and getting a retired colonel to sign his dance card at a costume ball. The elderly southern gentleman is suffering a gout attack and his social climbing children are attending the same event. While dancing with his son, he so discombobulates him that his dress is torn in half, and while having it fixed in the ladies lounge he floors his daughter. Back on the floor, Harvey bribes the band leader to play "Dixie", the colonel stands, Harvey pounces into his arms dancing the length of the floor, deposits the sputtering Colonel on his easy chair has him autograph his dance card, throws his wig into his lap and rushes the exit. The rest of the year is full of great football by Gil, academic pressure and more antics by Prof. Thayer. Junior year starts with Harvey arriving in a red Mercedes convertible, and meeting the group at a "Harvey Howard Smokehouse" for a toast of goat milk, which only T.J. Padmanagham likes. The Smokehouse maitre D\' at Harvey Howard\'s, super-snob Burdick doesn\'t like one bit of this. His first task is to rudely challenge the group to order their meals which is fine with Harvey who orders Harvey Burgers with special sauce for the lot. Burdick sneers back that it\'s too early for the special sauce, Navy Brat, Bob Bannerman chimes in with " . . . it\'s later than you think". The burgers arrive and are dry, carbonized and inedible. Harvey, who stands behind all burgers served in his Smokehouses, calls Burdick over to "take them back", Burdick challenges Harvey to do better, which he does. Burdick watching Harvey jump to it at the grill catches Harvey Howard\'s full name and faints. Burdick completes eating a burger prepared by Harvey and becomes a transformed Harvey employee, hilarious. Over the summer prior to Junior Year Harvey had hired Professor Gauthier to tutor him at Nags-head, his children in turn complain to the college and it appears that Gauthier has to resign to save face. The students protest and the President delays any action until the next Spring. Senior Year, Harvey shows up in a taxi, the group gathers and toast their final year, both Harvey and Gil are still hitting the books hard, with some success. Hay rides with phone booth body jams and a smooth procession towards graduation. Harvey is in denial about his love of Professor Gauthier and she coyly asks him would he like to marry her, he stammers, but the gauntlet is cast. Harvey is the Class of 1960 Valedictorian and his speech covers all the bases, why he challenged himself to find a greater purpose, put up with the struggle, his growing admiration and acceptance of his adult children and his friends own accomplishments. One final challenge is for them to never quit and say something like " I could no sooner do that, than I could fly ", a perfect entry into Harvey being hoisted above the audience on cables to fly around the auditorium. A wink to Professor Gauthier, a smile to all, the end.'] ['Sach develops an uncanny ability to sing, after having his tonsils removed, and Slip convinces Louie to turn his sweet shop into a night club, The Bowery Palace, after unsuccessfully trying to get Sach a singing job at a neighboring club, The Rio Cabana. After Sach\'s singing makes him a star, Rick Martin ([[Craig Stevens , the owner of the now-rival club, tries to hire him away but is unsuccessful. Rick gets his lady friend, Lola , to get Sach to sign a contract with him, using the pretense that she is asking for his autograph. Rick then goes after the Bowery Palace\'s other star, Sally Dolan . She, however, does not want to go because Rick is after more than just her singing talent. She tips off Lola about what Rick is up to and Lola agrees to testify that Sach\'s signature was just an autograph and not a signed contract, thereby allowing him to return to the Bowery Palace. However, by this time Sach has gone to a doctor to help cure the "tickle in his throat\' and he has lost the ability to sing.'] ['An American-raised Indian, Krishnagopal Reddy  finds out to his dismay that his Princeton University roommates are all Indian. He does not associate with the Indian culture that his parents and family have pushed upon him and prefers to be as American as possible. His roommates include Ajay , a Punjabi idolizing desi; Jagjit, who loves art but studies engineering to please his father; and Salim, who is very traditional and conservative, feeling that Indian-American girls are too Westernized to make good wives. Kris meets Nina, a girl he immediately falls for, and is surprised to find out that not only is she Indian, but she is also quite involved with Indian culture. The movie revolves around him making mistakes and trying his best to win Nina over, from joining the Indian Students Association to be near her, to learning how to perform a Dandiya Raas. Thus, Kris eventually begins to enjoy the company of his roommates, all of whom put together their knowledge and skill to help Kris impress Nina through various ways involving the Indian culture, which he eventually comes to love as well. The night of the show, the four roommates show up. There is a fight scene at the end between Nina\'s friend Rakesh and Kris, and Kris wins.  Jagjit\'s father sees what impressive statues he has made for the function and is proud of his son. Salim eventually finds a girl  that he likes. Though Ajay doesn\'t get rid of his "African-American roots," it is implied that he has found a new friend in the president of the Indian Association. The Dandiya Raas and the whole Indian Association function goes off without a hitch.'] ['Timothy  is an openly gay student at a private boy\'s school. Although now in his senior year, he is still persecuted by the aggressive rugby team, on whose captain, Jonathon , he has a crush. Timothy lives with his mother, Donna , who is struggling with her son\'s sexuality and with getting a job, and his father who is not a part of his life. Timothy is cast as Puck in the senior production of A Midsummer Night\'s Dream. While reviewing his lines, he discovers the recipe for creating the flower love-in-idleness. Timothy uses the flower to have the homophobic town take a "walk in his shoes". The entire town is thrown into chaos as previously heterosexual community members fall in love with their same-sex friends, bosses, and co-workers: whomever they first saw after being sprayed by the flower. The school drama teacher, Ms. Tebbit , guides Timothy towards the question of whether his actions have caused more harm than good.'] ['The film opens in the ballroom of the Cary plantation on Virgie’s sixth birthday. Her slave Uncle Billy dances for her party guests, but the celebration is brought abruptly to an end when a messenger arrives with news of the assault on Fort Sumter and a declaration of war. Virgie’s father is ordered to the Armory with horse and side-arms. He becomes a scout for the Confederate Army, crossing enemy lines to gather information. On these expeditions, he sometimes briefly visits his family. One day, Colonel Morrison, a Union officer, arrives at the Cary plantation looking for Virgie‘s father. Virgie defies him, hitting him with a pebble from her slingshot and singing “Dixie”. After Morrison leaves, Cary arrives to visit his family but quickly departs when slaves warn of approaching Union troops. Led by the brutal Sgt. Dudley, the Union troops begin to loot the house. Colonel Morrison returns, puts an end to the plundering, and orders Dudley lashed. With this act, Morrison rises in Virgie’s esteem. One stormy night, battle rages near the plantation. Virgie and her mother are forced to flee with Uncle Billy when their house is burned to the ground. Mrs. Cary falls gravely ill but finds refuge in a slave cabin. Her husband crosses enemy lines to be with his wife during her last moments. After his wife’s death, Cary makes plans to take Virgie to his sister in Richmond. When Colonel Morrison learns of the plan, he aids Cary by providing him with a Yankee uniform and a pass. The plan is foiled, and Cary and Morrison are sentenced to death. The two are confined to a makeshift prison where Virgie and Uncle Billy visit them daily. A kindly Union officer urges Uncle Billy to appeal to President Lincoln for a pardon. Short on funds, Uncle Billy and Virgie sing and dance in public spaces and ‘pass the cap’. Once in Washington, they are ushered into Lincoln’s office where the President pardons Cary and Morrison after hearing Virgie’s story. The film ends with Virgie happily singing “Polly Wolly Doodle” to her father, Colonel Morrison and a group of soldiers.'] ["Two young Punjabi-British men visit their homeland, Punjab: Roop Singh , comes to see his grandfather, Gurdit Singh  and Roop's touristy pal DJ  comes to see how Punjab is like. Roop meets Reet Brar , a university classmate of his cousin Deepi's, and falls for her, and DJ falls for brainy, Kulwant Kaur , another classmate. DJ, trying to videotape locals in the town square, and learn more about his homeland, has to avoid a cranky old woman, Atro, who drives a tractor. Roop agrees to let his aunt be his matchmaker and set up an arranged marriage for himself and Reet, but the modern-thinking Reet wants no part of what she considers outmoded provincialism. Her father  angrily sets up an arranged marriage for her with Jagjot Gill . Reet, however, reconsiders and realizes she loves Roop after all, and Kulwant falls for DJ too. Reet tells Jagjot, that she loves Roop a lot, so to help the lovers Jagjot says hes not ready to get married. After this incident no boy will marry Reet so, Reet's father and her ne'er-do-well brother, Jaile , devise a plan to figure out if he Roop really loves Reet: Her father will give his consent if Roop can find a British bride for Jaile, which will prove that Roop is ready to do anything for Reet. DJ calls in an old girlfriend from UK, party girl, Candy , who flies in to help, they plan a scheme which will scare Jaile away. Candy acts like a traditional, Punjabi girl, and wins Jaile's heart, so they fix, Roop and Reet's and Jaile and Candy's engagement for the same day. Candy tells Kulwant that DJ was in many relationships with many different girls, since she still loves DJ, after hearing that Kulwant is heart-broken, and leaves DJ. Then the day before the engagement Candy reveals how modern girls really are, by bringing him to a pub. On the engagement day Jaile runs away, Candy tells DJ, that if he doesn't sit in Jaile's spot, she will reveal the truth, so to help out his friend, DJ and Candy get engaged and so do Roop and Reet.  At Overseeing all the rom-com complications is Khoji (comedian Rana Ranbir, who wrote the film's dialog, with story supplied by the film's director-cinematographer, [[Manmohan Singh , the house manager for the well-to-do grandfather's estate and staff."] ['Although there are detail differences between the stage and movie versions, the plot is essentially based on the activities of New York petty criminals and professional gamblers in the late 1940s. Gambler Nathan Detroit  is under pressure from all sides: He has to organize an unlicensed crap game but the police, led by Lieutenant Brannigan ([[Robert Keith , are "putting on the heat". All the places where Nathan usually holds his games refuse him entry due to Brannigan\'s intimidating pressure. The owner of the Biltmore garage does agree to host the game provided Nathan pays him $1000 in cash in advance. The garage owner will not even accept a "marker" or IOU, he insists on having the money itself. Adding to Nathan\'s problems, his fiancée, Miss Adelaide , a nightclub singer, wants to bring an end to their 14-year engagement and actually tie the knot. She also wants him to go straight, but organizing illegal gambling is the only thing he\'s good at. Trying to obtain the money for the garage, Nathan meets an old acquaintance, Sky Masterson , a gambler willing to bet on virtually anything and for high amounts. Nathan proposes a $1000 bet by which Sky must take a girl of Nathan\'s choosing to dinner in Havana, Cuba. The bet seems impossible for Sky to win when Nathan nominates Sergeant Sarah Brown , a straight-walking sister at the Save a Soul Mission  which opposes gambling. Sarah herself has problems. She has been in charge of the Broadway branch of the Mission for some time now and no drunks or gamblers have come in to confess or reform. To approach Sarah, Sky pretends that he is a gambler who wants to change. Sarah sees how expensively dressed he is and she is suspicious: "It\'s just so unusual for a successful sinner to be unhappy about sin." Seeing that the Mission is and has been empty and unsuccessful, "a store full of repentance and no customers", Sky suggests a bargain: He will get a dozen sinners into the Mission for her Thursday night meeting in return for her having dinner with him in Havana. With General Matilda Cartwright  threatening to close the Broadway branch for lack of participation, Sarah has little choice left, and agrees to the date. Confident that he will win his bet with Sky, Nathan has gathered together all the gamblers, including a visitor that tough-guy Harry the Horse  has invited: Big Jule , a Chicago mobster. When Lieutenant Brannigan appears and notices this gathering of "senior delinquents", Nathan\'s sidekick, Benny Southstreet  covers it up by claiming that they are celebrating the fact that Nathan is getting married to Adelaide. Nathan is shocked by this, but is forced to play along. Later, when he notices the Save a Soul Mission band passing by and sees that Sarah is not among them, he collapses on the realization that he has lost his bet with Sky. He has no money and nowhere to house the crap game, and, since Adelaide was present at the "wedding announcement" Benny Southstreet dreamed up, he is now apparently committed to actually marrying Adelaide. He does love Adelaide, but is uneasy about going straight, either maritally or lawfully. Over the course of their short stay in Cuba, Sky manages to break down Sarah\'s social inhibitions, partly through disguised alcoholic drinks, and they begin to fall in love with one another. He even confesses that the whole date was part of a bet, but she forgives him as she realizes that his love for her is sincere. They return to Broadway at dawn and meet the Save a Soul Mission band which, on Sky\'s advice, has been parading all night. At that moment police sirens can be heard, and before they know it the gamblers led by Nathan Detroit are hurrying out of a back room of the Mission, where they took advantage of the empty premises to hold the crap game. The police arrive too late to make any arrests, but Lieutenant Brannigan finds the absence of Sarah and the other Save a Soul members too convenient to have been a coincidence. He implies that it was all Sky\'s doing: "Masterson, I had you in my big-time book. Now I suppose I\'ll have to reclassify you &mdash; under shills and decoys". His suspicions are passed on to Sarah, who dumps Sky there and then, refusing to accept his denials. In the meantime Sky has to make good his arrangement with Sarah to provide sinners to the Mission. Sarah would rather forget the whole thing, but Uncle Arvide Abernathy , who acts as a kind of father figure to her, warns Sky that "If you don\'t make that marker good, I\'m going to buzz it all over town you\'re a welcher." Nathan has continued the crap game in a sewer. With his revolver visible in its shoulder holster, Big Jule, who has lost all his money, forces Nathan to play against him while he cheats, cleaning Nathan out. Sky enters and knocks Big Jule down and removes his pistol. Sky, who has been stung and devastated by Sarah\'s rejection, lies to Nathan about succeeding in the bet to take her to Havana, and pays Nathan the $1000. Nathan tells Big Jule he now has money to play him again, but Harry the Horse says that Big Jule can\'t play without cheating because "he cannot make a pass to save his soul". Sky overhears this, and the phrasing inspires him to make a bold bet: He will roll the dice, and if he loses he will give all the other gamblers $1000 each; if he wins they are all to attend a prayer meeting at the Mission. The Mission is near to closing when suddenly the gamblers come parading in, taking up most of the room. Sky won the roll. They grudgingly confess their sins, though they show little sign of repentance: "Well ... I was always a bad guy. I was even a bad gambler. I would like to be a good guy and a good gambler. I thank you." Even Big Jule declares: "I used to be bad when I was a kid. But ever since then I\'ve gone straight, as I can prove by my record &mdash; 33 arrests and no convictions." Nicely-Nicely Johnson  however, recalling a dream he had the night before, seems to have an authentic connection to the Mission\'s aim, and this satisfies everyone. When Nathan tells Sarah that Sky denied winning the Cuba bet, which she knows he won, she hurries off in order to make up with him. It all ends with a double wedding in the middle of Times Square, with Sky marrying Sarah, and Nathan marrying Adelaide, who is given away by Lieutenant Brannigan. Arvide Abernathy performs the dual ceremony. Nicely-Nicely has joined the Save a Soul Mission, and he and General Matilda Cartwright are sweet on each other. As the film closes, the two newlywed couples are escorted from the wedding to their respective love nests inside police cars, with lights festively flashing and sirens blaring.'] ['Greg Nolan  is a newspaper photographer who lives a lavish and carefree life--that is, until he encounters an estranged, lovelorn woman named Bernice  on the beach near her beach front home. She assumes different names and personalities whenever the mood hits her . After having her dog, Albert, a Great Dane , chase Greg into the water when he insults her after not feeling anything towards her after they kissed; she invites him to stay at her home and later manages to make him lose his job and apartment after drugging him, which left him in a deep sleep for days. However, Bernice manages to find Greg another home, and he wants to pay her back. So he gets two full-time photographer jobs: one for a Playboy-like magazine company owned by Mike Lansdown , and the other for a very conservative advertising firm co-owned  by Mr. Penlow . The two jobs are in the same building, forcing Greg to run from one job to the other without being detected. Greg now has to manage balancing the two conflicting jobs along with dealing with Bernice and her eccentric ways.'] ['Mimi Glossop  arrives in England to seek a divorce from her geologist husband Cyril ([[William Austin , whom she hasn\'t seen for several years. Under the guidance of her domineering and much-married aunt Hortense , she consults a bumbling and less-than-competent lawyer Egbert Fitzgerald , who happens to be one of Hortense\'s previous fiancés. He arranges for her to spend a night at a seaside hotel and to be caught in an adulterous relationship, for which purpose he hires a professional co-respondent, Rodolfo Tonetti ([[Erik Rhodes . But Egbert forgets to arrange for private detectives to "catch" the couple. By coincidence, Guy Holden  an American dancer and friend of Egbert\'s, who briefly met Mimi on her arrival in England, and who is now besotted with her, also arrives at the hotel, only to be mistaken by Mimi for the co-respondent she has been waiting for. While they are in Mimi\'s bedroom, Tonetti arrives, revealing the truth, and holds them "prisoner" to suit the plan. They contrive to escape and dance the night away. In the morning, after several mistakes with the waiter, Cyril Glossop ([[William Austin  arrives at the door, so Guy hides in the next room, while Mimi and Tonetti give a show of being lovers. When Cyril doesn\'t believe them, Guy comes out and embraces Mimi in an attempt to convince him that he is her lover, but to no avail. It is an unwitting waiter  who finally clears the whole thing up by revealing that Cyril himself is an adulterer, thus clearing the way for Mimi to get a divorce and marry Guy.'] ['Dewey Finn  is a rock singer and guitarist in the fictional rock band No Vacancy. Annoyed by Dewey\'s arrogance and hyperactive stage antics during the opening credits, his bandmates unexpectedly kicks Dewey out from the band and replace him with guitarist Spider . Furthermore, Dewey\'s submissive roommate and lifelong friend, Ned Schneebly (writer [[Mike White , a substitute teacher, is pressured by his girlfriend, Patty Di Marco  to evict Dewey unless he "gets a real job" to pay off his growing rent debt. Dewey feels forced to give up his passion as a rock musician until he receives an urgent phone call intended for Ned from Rosalie Mullins , the principal of a prestigious prep school, Horace Green, asking Ned to fill in for a teacher who broke her leg. Desperate for income to avoid getting evicted, Dewey impersonates Ned and takes the job as a substitute teacher for a fifth-grade class. Incompetent as a teacher, Dewey resorts to granting his students large amounts of free time and recess. He requests that they simply call him "Mr. S." after failing to spell the name "Schneebly" on the board. When Dewey overhears his students playing in music class, he realizes that the children of his class are musically talented. Dewey decides to turn his temporary job into what he tells them is a "special class project", but is actually a personal one: to turn his class into a rock band and crew to serve as a vehicle to stardom by winning the upcoming Battle of the Bands, where he is out to avenge his eviction from his old band and win the $20,000 prize. He says that the project will test "your head and your mind and your brain." After realizing that the kids are mostly interested in pop and hip hop music, Dewey turns the school days into lessons of rock history and music playing, exposing his students to those artists he regards as rock legends. Many rock legends are featured in classic photos and footage during a montage scene, including Led Zeppelin, The Ramones, Jimi Hendrix, Pink Floyd, Iggy Pop, The Who, Rush, The Clash, Nirvana, AC/DC, Black Sabbath, Yes, and David Bowie. Dewey narrowly escapes detection when Ms. Mullins decides to attend one of his class\'s lessons to check on their progress, forcing him to attempt to teach the actual course material. Dewey attempts to befriend her through Rock music, by playing her favorite song "Edge of Seventeen" by Stevie Nicks on a jukebox while visiting a bar. The two develop a close friendship after this. Meanwhile, the class audition for the Battle of the Bands, which Dewey told them was their "school project". They are rejected because they show up too late. With the help of class factotum and band manager Summer Hathaway , Dewey persuades the Battle\'s managers to let the students perform in the Battle of the Bands by lying that the students are all terminally ill with "stick-it-to-da-man-ni-osis". However, later that day, Dewey is exposed when Ned receives a paycheck from Horace Green in the mail, despite not working there. During the parent-teacher night later on, Dewey meets the students\' parents, who initially scrutinize Dewey\'s teaching abilities. Dewey succeeds in convincing them that he is a competent teacher, but Ned appears with the police and confronts Dewey under pressure from Patty. His real identity is revealed, and he is sacked. Considering himself a failure, he falls into depression, and Ned sadly informs him that it may be time he moved out. The next day, at Horace Green, the class decide that even if Dewey and the project was fake, they have still put too much work in to not do the final show at Battle of the Bands, and so they leave for the concert, first stopping at Dewey\'s apartment to persuade him to join them. After finding out that the class\'s performance was back, Ned finally stands up to his girlfriend and leaves her to watch the concert. At the competition, the band plays "School of Rock", a song written by their lead guitarist Zack Mooneyham , instead of Dewey\'s "The Legend of The Rent". Despite the strong reception from the audience, including Ms. Mullins and the students\' parents, the class loses to No Vacancy, but accept their defeat due to Dewey\'s proclamation that they were not here to win and that they were going to play "one great show". The audience, however, becomes angered by No Vacancy\'s victory and shout for School of Rock to come back on stage. The band goes for an encore, playing a cover of "It\'s a Long Way to the Top" by AC/DC with an altered ending. During the closing credits, Summer is seen arguing a deal over her cell phone as she enters the "School of Rock", a newly opened after-school program where Dewey continues to coach the class and Ned teaches beginning music students, and the credits roll as the class, breaking the fourth wall, sings "The movie is over, but we\'re still on screen".'] ["The storyline of the film follows several women who volunteer for the Canteen and who must adhere to strict rules of conduct, the most important of which is that while their job is to provide friendly companionship to and be dance partners for the  men who are soon to be sent into combat, no romantic fraternization is allowed. One volunteer who confesses to only becoming involved in the Canteen in order to be discovered by one of the Hollywood stars in attendance, ultimately finds herself falling in love with one of the soldiers. Star appearances range from momentary cameos, such as Johnny Weissmuller, seen working in the canteen's kitchen, to more substantial roles such as Katharine Hepburn, who helps advance the plot. Most of the cameos were filmed at the studio, but a number of spots -- Benny Goodman's, for example -- were filmed in New York City."] ["Leo Gogarty  marries Margaud Morgan  after a whirlwind romance just before shipping out to war. When he returns, he is surprised to discover not only that his bride is not what she led him to believe, but also that she expects a quick divorce. Both Mr. and Mrs. Gogarty must find their place with or without each other in a society still adjusting to peace. Among the many Gene Kelly dance segments are 'Fido and Me', where Mr. Kelly dances with a dog and a statue, and a sequence on a construction site with a number of children."] ['Jim "Lucky" Moore ([[Allan Jones , an insurance salesman, comes up with a novel policy for his friend, Steve : a \'love insurance policy\', that will pay out $1-million if Steve does not marry his fiancée, Cynthia . The upcoming marriage is jeopardized by Steve\'s ex-girlfriend, Mickey , and Cynthia\'s disapproving Aunt Kitty. The policy is underwritten by a nightclub owner, Roscoe , who sends two enforcers - Abbott and Costello - to ensure that the wedding occurs as planned. Everyone involved in the situation winds up sailing or flying to San Marcos , where another complication arises, when Lucky falls for Cynthia. Lucky winds up marrying Cynthia, but Roscoe does not have to pay the $1-million because Steve ends up marrying Mickey.'] ['When influential folk music producer Irving Steinbloom dies, his children organize a memorial concert featuring his three most famous acts: The Folksmen, The New Main Street Singers, and Mitch & Mickey. The Folksmen trio consists of Mark Shubb , Alan Barrows , and Jerry Palter . Their most famous folk song was "Old Joe\'s Place." The New Main Street Singers are the second generation of the original Main Street Singers, formed by George Menschell , the sole survivor of the original group. Menschell sings and holds a guitar he cannot play. Performers include Terry Bohner  and his wife Laurie Bohner . Laurie is a former adult film star and with her husband, is co-founder of Witches in Nature\'s Colors , a coven of modern-day witches that worships the power of color. Another member is Sissy Knox , a former juvenile delinquent and daughter of one of the original Main Street Singers. They are managed by Mike LaFontaine , whose fifteen minutes of fame came by way of a failed 1970s TV sitcom, Wha\' Happened?, which lasted less than one season. The group, which is otherwise entirely white, includes one Filipino American member, Mike Maryama . Mitch Cohen  and Mickey Crabbe  are a romantic duo that released seven albums together until their traumatic break-up decades earlier. Their most famous song is "Kiss at the End of the Rainbow," during which the pair would actually kiss on stage. After the three groups agree to the reunion performance, to be held at The Town Hall in New York and televised live on PBN, they begin rehearsals. The show itself goes off with only two hitches: two acts plan to play the same song, and Mitch temporarily disappears. In the finale, everyone joins together to sing "A Mighty Wind." Six months after the reunion, Mickey is performing "The Sure-Flo Song" at her husband\'s trade show booth. Mitch is writing poetry again, claiming to be in a "prolific phase." Folksman Mark Shubb is living life as a transgender woman, while still singing in her famous bass voice. LaFontaine is reviving an idea for a sitcom starring the New Main Street Singers. He wants to call it "Supreme Folk" and have each play Supreme Court judges by day, folk singers sharing a house by night.'] ['The film is set early in the flapper era, beginning on "Thursday", June 2 of 1922, although in fact this day was a Friday. Millie Dillmount\'s  ambition is to find work as a stenographer to a wealthy businessman and then marry him&mdash;a thoroughly modern goal. Millie befriends Miss Dorothy Brown  as the latter checks into the Priscilla Hotel. When house mother Mrs. Meers  learns Miss Dorothy is an orphan, she remarks, "Sad to be all alone in the world." Unbeknownst to Millie, the woman is selling her tenants into white slavery, and those without family or close friends are her primary targets. At a friendship dance in the hall, Millie meets the devil-may-care paper clip salesman Jimmy Smith , to whom she takes an instant liking. However, she carries on with her plan to work for and then marry a rich man, and when she gets a job at Sincere Trust, she sets her sights on the attractive but self-absorbed Trevor Graydon . Jimmy later takes her and Miss Dorothy on an outing to Long Island, where they meet eccentric widow Muzzy Van Hossmere . Jimmy tells the girls that his father was Muzzy’s former gardener. Although Millie is falling in love with Jimmy, she is determined to stick to her plan and marry Trevor. One morning, she goes to work dressed as a flapper and attempts to seduce him, but her effort fails. Eventually, Trevor sees Miss Dorothy and falls in love with her and vice versa, leaving Millie heartbroken. Meanwhile, Jimmy\'s attempts to talk to Millie are continually thwarted by no-nonsense head stenographer Miss Flannary . He eventually climbs up the side of the building and when he finally gets to talk to Millie, she tells him she is quitting her job since Mr. Graydon is no longer available. Mrs. Meers makes several attempts to kidnap Miss Dorothy and hand her over to her Asian henchmen Bun Foo  and Ching Ho , but Millie manages to interrupt her every time. When Mrs. Meers finally succeeds, Millie finds Trevor drowning his sorrows, and he tells her Miss Dorothy stood him up and checked out of the hotel. Jimmy climbs into Miss Dorothy\'s room and lets Millie in, and they find all of Miss Dorothy\'s possessions still there. Millie realizes Miss Dorothy is just one of several girls who have vanished without a word to anyone. Together with Trevor Graydon, they try to piece the puzzle together. When Jimmy asks what all the missing girls had in common, Millie mentions they all were orphans. Jimmy disguises himself as a woman named Mary James seeking accommodations at the Priscilla Hotel, and casually mentions she is an orphan in front of Mrs. Meers. Mrs. Meers spots Trevor sitting in his car in front of the hotel, becomes suspicious, and shoots him with a tranquilizer dart. Mary James is subsequently captured by Mrs. Meers and Bun Foo, and Millie follows them to Chinatown, where the unconscious Jimmy has been hidden in a room in a fireworks factory where Miss Dorothy is sleeping. Trying to look casual, Millie has been smoking a cigarette outside the building, and when she begins to choke on it, she tosses it into a window, setting off the fireworks. As a series of explosions tear through the building, Millie dashes into the factory and finds several white girls tied up and about to be sent off to Beijing. She unties a couple of them, who then free the other girls, and then bumps into Miss Dorothy. They carry Jimmy out of the building, and head for Long Island and Muzzy. Mrs. Meers, Bun Foo, and Ching Ho follow Millie and the gang, but under Muzzy\'s leadership everyone manages to subdue the nefarious trio. Millie then discovers Jimmy and Miss Dorothy are millionaire siblings and Muzzy is their stepmother, who sent them out into the world to find partners who would love them for who they were and not for their money. Millie marries Jimmy and Miss Dorothy marries Trevor.'] ["Cossack Vasyl  prepares himself for a mounted voyage to Peterburg, the capital of the Russian Empire. Vasyl carries a hramota  given to him by the hetman through his secretary, Pereverny-kruchenko, that is rumored to cost ten Poods of gold. Vasyl's wife sews the hramota into his hat and his father  gives him magic tobacco to repel evil and an advice to find a good co-journeyman. The film depicts the adventures of Vasyl in sequences that are filled with Ukrainian culture, and shows Ukrainian cuisine, costumes, traditions, mystical and comedy-filled situations, anecdotes, and plethora of obstacles which Vasyl must overcome. One his way together with an evil servant  he comes to a river crossing where a ferry carries people from one side to another. There he finds his partner in arms, Andriy, a zaporozhian cossack. Further along the way, something happened to the papers when they stopped at an inn to rest. When Vasyl and Andriy arrive in St. Petersburg they handed over the hramota to the baroness von Likhtenberg who passed them to the empress. The documents did not carry any information and Vasyl had to leave without results. On the way home, both of them decided to shoot each other. As they were saying in unison the Nicene Creed  they heard a voice that identified itself as Kudz coming from a nearby rock saying he was the same chort and the witch turned him into a rock after he helped Vasyl. Kudz asked them to throw him in a nearby marsh so as not to cause any further harm to random travelers on the road. As Vasyl arrived with his friend near their village, Dykanka, they met a little boy who asked them to let him go to see the cossack, Vasyl who had supposedly returned from having seen the empress. Then they arrived and were met by the rest of the village population. Moments later, everybody awaits Vasyl again by his house to tell the story of his rendezvous with the empress. In the last scene, he wishes the little boy to have a loyal horse, an open field, and always be at people's service. The scene is accompanied by the triumphant Cossack march of the Ukrainian folkloric song about Sahaidachny."] 