['The film opens with a woman walking her dog down an empty, darkened city street. As she passes by a manhole, she is attacked by a creature, and the dog is pulled in after her. George Cooper ([[John Heard  lives with his girlfriend Lauren . George, a once-prominent fashion photographer, has since forgone the fame and fortune. His current project is photographing New York City\'s homeless population, specifically those known as "undergrounders", or people who reside within the bowels of the city. A police captain named Bosch  is introduced. Bosch has a personal interest in the recent flood of missing persons  being reported to his precinct. Bosch interviews A.J. "The Reverend" Shepherd ([[Daniel Stern , who runs the local homeless shelter. Shepherd believes recent events to be a part of a massive government cover-up and has the evidence to prove it. Bosch\'s superiors know more than they are letting on and seem to be taking their cues from an overly glib, weasely type named Wilson , who works for the Nuclear Regulatory Commission. It turns out there are monsters lurking beneath the streets; beings that were once human, but radioactive, chemical toxic waste has mutated them into hideous, flesh-eating creatures that prey on the homeless who live in the underground. Given the recent drop in the underground transient population, the creatures have resorted to coming to the surface through sewer manholes in order to feed. Through a series of events, both George and A.J. find themselves trapped in the sewers, a reporter gets involved , and Lauren has a problem with both a clogged shower drain and an unexpected visitor that comes up through the sewer access point that she unfortunately decides to open in the basement of her apartment building. Then, through the dangerous investigative efforts of both A.J. and George, the absolute horror is revealed: The Nuclear Regulatory Commission is directly involved in the slaughter that has been going on. Although the political bureaucracy has forbidden the NRC to transport the toxic wastes through New York because of the large-scale danger to the public, it has secretly been hiding the waste by-products beneath Manhattan in abandoned subway tunnels. Unfortunately, the underground homeless population has been coming into contact with these by-products, turning them into the mutated creatures. It is this secret that Wilson guards to the extent of having a mysterious and threatening lackey disrupt A.J. from making phone calls to the press. This thug then locks A.J. in an underground access tunnel either to suffocate from the gas to be used to asphyxiate the C.H.U.D.s, or to leave him to become their prey. Wilson is clearly willing to kill to protect his employer\'s secrets—even a cop. Later that evening at a diner, two police officers enter and while the waitress and the two are discussing, the monsters return and attack the diner inhabitants Captain Bosch argues with Wilson over how to deal with the threat: Wilson wants to seal the sewers, open up some gas lines, and asphyxiate the C.H.U.D.s despite the inherent danger to the city. Wilson, after being overwhelmed by Bosch decides to shoot him and activates the truck in reverse in order to stop George and AJ but they escape from the manhole just in time as Wilson pass them over. AJ finds Bosch\'s gun and shoots and kills Wilson before he runs over them, then the truck explodes as it falls on the manhole, Bosch is still alive and George, Lauren, and AJ are saved.'] ["Dr. Peña , a cryptozoologist, manages to capture a live chupacabra on a remote Caribbean island and smuggles it aboard the cruise ship Regent Queen, commanded by Captain Randolph  with the assistance of his young daughter, and ship fitness instructor, Jenny . The Regent Queen has been experiencing a rash of burglaries, and Federal Marshal Lance Thompson  is brought on board to investigate. The creature soon escapes from captivity, leaving the passengers at its mercy on the sea. U.S. Navy Seals are called in to help stop the creature, but their efforts are hindered by Dr. Peña, who believes the creature's life is more valuable than the lives of those aboard. The Navy Seals are killed off one by one by the beast and Dr. Pena resorts to using Jenny as live bait to recapture the Chupacabra. However, he is foiled when the beast outsmarts and fatally wounds him. Jenny is saved by Lance and they meet up with her father, who has set the engines to explode as all the other passengers have been evacuated. They flee on a lifeboat moments before the ship blows up, taking the beast with it. Captain Randolph decides to retire and write his memoirs."] ['A rural town becomes prey to a strain of black slugs spawned from toxic waste dumping. It is up to the local health inspector to stop them. People are dying mysteriously and gruesomely. Only health worker Mike Brady has a possible solution, but his theory of killer slugs is laughed at by the authorities. Only when the body count begins to rise and a slug expert begins snooping around does it begin to appear as though Mike might be right.'] ["A woman named Karen , who is suffering from a growing tumor on her neck, enters a hospital in San Francisco. After a series of X-rays, the doctors begin to think it is a living creature: a fetus being born inside the tumor. Eerie and grisly occurrences begin; the tumorous growth perceives itself&nbsp;– himself&nbsp;– to be under attack as a result of the X-rays used to ascertain its nature, which are starting to stunt and deform its development. The growth is actually an old Native American shaman; he is reincarnating himself through the young woman to exact his revenge on white men who invaded North America and  exterminated its native peoples. A second Native American shaman is contacted and hired to help fight the reincarnating medicine man, but the kind of spirits he can summon and control appear to be too weak to match his opponent's abilities."] ["Members of a college swim team take anabolic steroids to enhance their performance. While on a daytrip to a local lake, a couple of the members pick up some leeches, which feed on the steroids in their blood. The leeches end up washed down a shower drain, where they grow to enormous size and return for more feedings. Following the deaths of several members of the team and a college administrator, the few surviving team members and one of their girlfriends hatch a plan to kill off the monster leeches. They will draw them to the campus swimming pool by having one of the swimmers act as bait. Then they'll electrify the pool, electrocuting the leeches. Tragically, the team coach, who's been infested by a leech, attacks them, delaying the electrification just long enough to allow the leeches to kill one last swimmer. Finally the coach is subdued and the switch is thrown, frying the leeches. As the film ends, a surviving swim team member, in true mad scientist fashion, is revealed to have had a hand in creating the leeches and is shown to have breeding stock left."] ['When two young boys are savagely attacked and killed by a legion of rattlesnakes in a small California desert town, the local sheriff  calls upon herpetologist Dr. Tom Parkinson , a Los Angeles college professor, to discover why the snakes are displaying abnormal aggression and swarming behavior. The sheriff teams Parkinson with war photographer Ann Bradley . As more people in the desert town are killed by the vicious rattlesnakes, Parkinson\'s and Bradley\'s investigation leads them to a nearby army base, where the commanding officer, Colonel Stroud , seems strangely reluctant to help them. Parkinson and Bradley are, however, assisted by the base\'s chief medical officer, Captain Delaney . Shortly afterward, Palmer  and Woodley , two soldiers on night patrol, stop to change a flat tire on their jeep and are killed by a horde of rattlesnakes. Delaney then summons Parkinson and Bradley back to the base, without Stroud\'s knowledge, so they can investigate the soldiers\' strange deaths. Eventually, Parkinson discovers that the colonel ordered, and then covered up, the illegal disposal of an experimental nerve gas called "CT3" in one of the local desert caves. The exposure of the snakes to the nerve gas had made them unusually aggressive. When Delaney drunkenly confronts Stroud and threatens to expose his crime, Stroud kills him. Stroud then engages the local sheriff\'s department in a gun battle and is killed.'] ["The relationship of two students who were taught by the same teacher  for fighting lessons were suddenly split by the fact that each accused the other of being a murderer. Charavann, one of the students who could turn into a crocodile, went under water where he was taught by a water hermit and married two beautiful crocodile girls. He went back to the land in order to seek revenge on Kraitoung, the other student, for killing a woman. One day he took a beautiful daughter of a millionaire, Sompiov Meas, underwater with him, instead of marrying her. However, his two wives refused and put a spell on Sampov Meas. To save Sampov Meas with the intent of marrying her, Kraitoung went underwater to rescue her after many warriors were killed attempting to save the millionaire's daughter. He killed Charavan and his wives for their cruel actions and saved Sampov Meas safely. For his prize, finally, Kraitoung married Sampov Meas, also her sister, Sampov Keav, and lived happily ever after."] ["{{plot|dateAlternate endings An alternate ending used in the unrated cut of the film shows Amy driving away from the ruins, but this time the vines appear under the skin of her face and her eye fills with blood revealing she became infected with the vines as well. A second version of the scene plays out identically, but then cuts to a cemetery where a caretaker is walking among the headstones whistling Frère Jacques. He hears the same tune coming from Amy's grave. Around the headstone lie a few of the same red flowers, and as the caretaker reaches for one, the music surges and the scene cuts to black."] ["Wild Bill Hickok is haunted by his dreams of a giant white buffalo. So much that he travels the West to find the beast. Along the way, Hickok meets Crazy Horse, who is also searching the plains for the giant white buffalo, who has killed Crazy Horse's daughter. Hickok and Crazy Horse team up to kill the elusive buffalo."] ['Tracking two lost lumberjacks through the night, a rescue team nearly follows a hound over a cliff. Two men rappel down to retrieve the fallen hound, but they are killed. The third, hearing screams down below, rappels down to investigate, where he finds his team mates dead, killed by a unknown thing. The third is then, killed by a unseen force Dr. Robert Verne  is fed up with dealing with the squalor of city tenements. He does not feel he is making a difference. He accepts a job from the Environmental Protection Agency to write a report on a logging operation near the Androscoggin River in Maine. The loggers are in a dispute with the local American Indian "Opies" , the original people. Dr. Verne\'s wife Maggie  accompanies him on the trip. She is pregnant but is apprehensive to tell her husband as he is set against having children. When they fly in, they meet a man, Travis Nelson  and his two children Paul and Kathleen who are embarking on a trek into the wilderness. They also meet Bethel Isely , the director of the paper mill, who is to be their host. He tells them about his missing rescue team and lays the blame at the feet of the Opies. The latter have their own explanation: Katahdin, a vengeful spirit of the forest that has been awakened by the activities of the loggers. Isely describes Katahdin as "larger than a dragon with the eyes of a cat". As Isely drives the couple to their cabin, their path is barred by a party of Opies. They refuse to let Isely\'s people pass and a fight ensues between the leader of the Opies John Hawks  and Kelso , one of Isely\'s heavies. The heavy is armed with a chainsaw while Hawks has only a broadaxe. The scuffle ends with Hawks laid on the ground with the chainsaw at his throat. The Opies relent and let the cars pass. Verne and Maggie are visibly shocked by the incident. While fishing, Verne sees a huge salmon devour a duck. Later, after he and Maggie have eaten his catch, they are attacked in their cabin by a deranged raccoon. Verne kills it and sends a tissue sample to be tested. The next day Hawks and his wife Ramona  approach Dr. Verne to put over their side of the story. If Verne is concerned about the environment then he should include the people in his assessment. Something is making the people ill: still births, mental illness and birth defects are rife. Hawks takes Verne and Maggie to the home of Hector M\'Rai , Ramona\'s grandfather. Hector claims to have seen Katahdin and describes him as "part of everything in God\'s creation". Verne sees plant roots growing on the surface that should be underground; Hawk nets a bullfrog-sized tadpole from the water to show Verne; Hector has cigarette burns on his hand but feels no pain. As the evidence mounts the idyllic setting gradually takes on a sinister hue. Verne and Maggie tour the paper mill to look for incriminating evidence but the chemicals used in the processing are demonstrated to never leave the plant. Isely tells them that the water is routinely tested for purity. As they leave, however, Verne notices mercury deposits on Maggie\'s boots. It is a mutagen that causes birth defects and progressive nerve damage. It has long been used in logging as a fungicide because it is cheap. It will not show up in Isely\'s water purity tests because it sinks to the bottom. Verne needs more evidence and determines to take blood tests from the Opies. That night, the Nelson family, who have set up a camp in the woods, are suddenly assaulted by a ferocious monster. The horrified Paul tries to flee, but the beast spanks him into a rock, killing him. The next day as Verne and Maggie are taking blood samples, Isely and Sheriff Bartholomew Pilgrim  arrive to arrest Hawks and his men whom they mistakenly believe to be the ones who killed the Nelson family. Hawks, however, escapes. Verne, Maggie and Ramona take a helicopter to the campsite to investigate the killings. Verne and Ramona find huge scratch marks on the trees while Maggie finds two mutated bear cubs trapped in a salmon poacher\'s net. One of the cubs is still alive and Verne is determined to save it so it can serve as empirical evidence of the contamination. However, the weather has turned and the pilot, Huntoon , refuses to take off in the high wind. They make for Hector\'s home and Verne sends Hawks to fetch Isely and the sheriff. Verne sets up an emergency room in one of Hector\'s tepees and helps the cub survive. Maggie is clearly distressed by the ordeal so Verne takes her aside and assures her that it will all be over soon. She tells him that their nightmare is just beginning: she is pregnant and she has eaten contaminated fish like the mother of the cubs. Isely and Sheriff Pilgrim arrive and see the mutant cub. Isely is contrite, knowing that Hawks and his men weren\'t the killers. Hector arrives. Then all hell breaks loose as the horribly mutated bear attacks the camp in search of her cubs. Everyone seeks shelter in tunnels beneath Hector\'s home. All goes quiet so Pilgrim decides to check it out. He pokes his head up out of the tunnel and Katahdin kills him. The next day, the survivors make their way out of the forest. The helicopter is not an option as Huntoon was severely mauled in the beast\'s initial attack. Isely heads up to Mount Emery to try to reach a radio tower and call for help. Isley finds the radio tower but the monster immediately finds him and before Isley is able to call help, Katahdin kills him as well. The others find the Opie village mysteriously isolated and the Opie people gone, but take a truck and try to drive out along the winding forest road. Katahdin turns the truck over and finishes Huntoon off by devouring his head. The others run off through the forest with the beast in pursuit. They arrive at the river and swim across. The cub continues to bite Maggie but Rob pulls it off her and holds it underwater drowning it. Hector stays behind to make Katahdin flee but fails and he is killed as well. Katahdin seems reluctant to follow them at first, but then enters the water and vanishes. They believe she drowned but then she suddenly emerges. They take shelter in a log cabin, but Katahdin tears down the walls. Maggie is knocked unconscious by debris but Ramona is crushed to death. Verne finds a Winchester Model 71 in the cabin and shoots the monster twice with some effect. Hawks shoots arrows into Katahdin\'s hide until the beast sends him airborne with a mighty swat from her paws, then he lands on the ground, dead. Verne picks up an arrow, then Katahdin hoists him up, only to be stabbed repetitively in the face and eyes until she collapses into the lake. Rob notices that the monster still moves slightly and leaps onto the beast and stabs her a few more times until her corpse finally sinks below the water. Verne and Maggie fly over the forest the next day, but the final scene reveals that there is another mutant animal awaiting to unleash its reign of terror.'] ['In the North Atlantic off the coast of Greenland, a highly advanced deep sea oil rig has been recently constructed by a company, Nexecon Petroleum. The oil rig is named "Colossus" for its immense size. This "new" type of oil rig can dig deeper, and extract more oil than any other oil rig in the world. The fact that this huge rig has been built on fault lines alarms the geologists around the world. They are concerned that the delicate ocean floor fault lines in that region can be disturbed through deep drilling and consequences would be extremely catastrophic. A reporter, Christen Giddings, has been invited by the CEO of Nexecon, Peter Brazier, to document the oil rig in an attempt to address the concerns of the geologists. Christen is accompanied by a trusted cameraman Jake Thompson, who would record their findings. The oil rig\'s crew seems to be convinced that nothing bad would happen, and is skeptical of the geologists. Brazier hopes that a documented report of the Colossus would reveal that his rig has all the necessary safety arrangements and the region is stable enough for a digging operation. As the drilling commences, a rich oil deposit is discovered. However, further drilling is not stopped and an "ocean floor fault line" gets ruptured. The rupture opens a portal to a "mirror" ocean hidden under the normal ocean for millions of years. This ocean contains prehistoric life. The flowing oil begins to poison the waters and as the result, prehistoric animals rush to the surface. An explosion soon occurs and the drilling system collapses. A team of highly skilled engineers descend through a glass elevator to assess the situation. A giant animal is spotted lurking nearby, surprising the crew. Initially the animal is suspected to be a large whale because of its intimidating size but a few remain skeptical, since this creature is moving very fast. Once the giant creature gets closer to the elevator, the onlookers get the shock of their lives, realizing that this beast is, in fact, the most powerful and fearsome oceanic predator that ever lived, Carcharodon megalodon. A struggle for survival ensues as the crew and geologists attempt to escape from Colossus. However several people fall victim to the unfriendly prehistoric beast. In a desperate move to stop the monster shark, one of the crew members, Ross, lures it to an open space via his small submarine and overloads the fuel tanks of the machine which results in a gigantic explosion, killing him and the beast. The ordeal is not over yet as another Megalodon ventures in to open waters passing below a boat with Christen Giddings on board. However she is unaware of its presence.'] [' On the island of Amity, sheriff Martin Brody, the hero of previous shark attacks, has died from a heart attack. His wife, Ellen Brody , thinks it was from fear of the shark. She now lives with their son Sean  and his fiancee Tiffany . Sean works as a police deputy and is sent to clear a log from a buoy a few days before Christmas. As he does so, a massive great white shark bursts out of the water, rips off his arm, and then pulls him under the surface and kills him, sinking his boat in the process. Ellen is convinced that the shark targeted Sean on purpose. She decides to go to the Bahamas to spend time with her older son Michael , his wife Carla ([[Karen Young , and their five-year-old daughter Thea . There, Ellen meets carefree airplane pilot Hoagie . Michael&nbsp;– along with partners Jake , William, and Clarence – work as marine biologists. At one point, the shark that killed Sean unexpectedly appears and attempts "devouring" their boat but fails. The crew decides to keep quiet about the shark\'s presence due to Ellen\'s attempts of convincing Michael to find a job on land. Ellen becomes so obsessive that she starts having nightmares of being attacked by a shark. Then she starts getting psychic feelings when the shark attacks Michael. She and the shark seem to share a strange connection that is unexplained. The crew decides to attach a device to the shark that would track its heartbeat. Using chum to attract the beast, Jake stabs the device\'s tracking pole into the beast\'s side. The next day, Michael is chased by the shark and barely manages to escape unharmed, and soon enough, Thea goes on an inflatable banana boat with her friend Margaret and her mother. During Carla Brody\'s speech about her sculpture ... the shark suddenly attacks, kills Margaret\'s mother and scares Thea. Ellen Brody is horrified by the event and, to end the farce, goes on Jake\'s boat. She intends to sacrifice herself to stop the killing. Michael soon returns home and lets the truth slip about the shark, which doesn\'t turn out well. Michael and Jake are eventually flown by Hoagie to look for Ellen and they find her and the shark in pursuit of her boat. Hoagie lands the plane on the water, ordering Michael and Jake swim to the boat as the shark drags the plane and Hoagie underwater. Michael was upset with Ellen for putting herself in danger, and Ellen apologized for worrying him. Much to Ellen Brody\'s disbelief, Hoagie survives. Jake and Michael hastily put together an explosive powered by electrical impulses. Michael and Jake go back up on deck and begin blasting the shark with the impulses, which begin to drive the shark mad. As Jake moves to the front of the boat, the shark is absent until it unexpectedly lunges out from the water, giving it the chance to pull Jake under and maul him, although he manages to get the explosive into the shark\'s mouth before he is dragged under and attacked. Michael continues to blast the shark with the impulses, causing it to rise out of the water again, igniting the bomb right as Ellen thrusts the broken bowsprit into its stomach. The shark explodes upon impact and the front of the ship sinks to the bottom of the sea with the creature\'s corpse. Michael then hears Jake, severely injured but alive, floating in the water, and the four survive the harsh encounter and make it back to land. The film concludes as Hoagie flies Ellen back to Amity Island.'] ['Due to some unknown cosmic event, listed in "phases", ants have undergone rapid evolution and developed a hive mind. A scientific team begins investigating strange towers and geometrically perfect designs that ants have started building in the desert. The local human population flees the strangely acting ants. James Lesko  and Ernest Hubbs  set up a computerized lab in a sealed dome located in an area of significant ant activity in Arizona. Despite their equipment the ants lay seige to the scientists\' work station, and even shut down their computers. The ant colony and the scientific team, along with a holdout rural family, make war against each other, with the ants being the more effective aggressors. The narrative uses the scientific team as the main protagonists, but also has ant protagonists going about their duties in the colony. The ants immunize themselves to the humans\' chemical weapons and soon infiltrate their lab. Teams of ants penetrate the computers of the lab and short them out. Kendra Eldrige, a young woman, takes refuge with the scientists but then leaves the lab. Hubbs and Lesko soon begin to have different plans for dealing with the ants. While Lesko thinks he can communicate with the ants using messages written in mathematics, Hubbs plans to wipe out a hill he believes to be the ants\' central hive. Delirious from an ant bite, Hubbs can barely get his boots on, but is determined to attack the hive and kill the ant queen. Instead, Hubbs literally falls into trap - a deep ditch that soon fills with ants that consume him. Helpless to save Hudds, and concluding that the ants will soon move into desert areas where their growth will exceed man\'s ability to control them, Lesko chooses to follow Hubb\'s plan. He sets out to the hive with a canister of poison. Descending into the hive, Lesko hunts for the queen but instead finds Kendra. In the film\'s cryptic finale, the two embrace. Lesko realizes that far from destroying the human race, the ants\' plan is to change them, making them a part of the ants\' world. Despite the lurid tone of its poster art based on one of the shocking images from the film, Phase IV approaches its subject matter naturalistically, with relatively little melodrama. The film contains relatively little dialogue, mainly relaying the storyline visually. Interestingly, the theatrical release poster was not designed by Saul Bass, even though he was a noted poster designer.'] ['The plot centers around a series of murders that take place over two years in the Nevada Desert near Groom Lake. The movie opens with a woman being chased through the desert by an unseen creature, but then she wakes up revealing it to be a nightmare. Traci and her boyfriend Gibson are driving across the desert at night. Gibson keeps talking about Area 51, but Traci is only interested in reaching Las Vegas. In order to get Gibson to shut up and keep driving, Traci takes her top off and straddles his lap. Because of her distraction he runs over something, blowing out a tire. Gibson stops to change the tire, but immediately vanishes when he gets out of the car. Traci searches for him, but only finds a bloody tire iron. She runs back to the car, lights a cigarette and drives away. However, she soon has an accident and is trapped by the seatbelt. The monster picks up her cigarette outside the car and ignites the gasoline leaking from the car, setting it and Traci on fire. Several people are attacked at a small carnival, by an alien. This draws the attention of Dr. Cleo Browning . Dr. Browning discusses killing the creature with Sheiff Sam Cash , but she is overheard by animal rights activist Roxanne, and her boyfriend Albert. Roxanne thinks that if they capture the alien they can expose to the world what the government is doing to animals. In the meantime, three of the carnival workers set out to capture the alien and add it to the sideshow. Cash and Dr. Browning meet with Cletus . He speculates that the alien is living in a cave in the mountains. While the two are meeting with Cletus, Roxanne attempts to slash the sheriff\'s tires, sending Albert to act as a lookout. Unable to cut the tires, she looks for Albert, but is unable to find him. Eventually, when she discovers his body, she screams and starts to run, but she also killed by the alien. The next day, Dr. Browning and Cash search for the alien. They find its "home", a small underground tunnel. Cash lowers Dr. Browning into the tunnel by rope. Browning finds the alien\'s child and sends it back up to Cash. The three carnival workers sneak up and hold a gun to Cash\'s head, demanding the alien child. He gives it to them and they throw him into the tunnel. Cash and Browning escape and return to the carnival. They interrupt the sideshow and take the alien child back. They attempt to drive away but one of the workers shoots out one of their tires. The carnies then lure Dr. Browning near the "Mother" alien, which had just arrived. She is attacked by the alien but is able to fight back. One of the carnies, fighting with Cash, shoot him. Dr. Browning, stabs the alien while fighting it and the creature collapses. As the doctor is walking away a woman carney asks if the alien is dead and she says it is. As the carney bends over the alien it leaps up and kills her.'] ['The film reduced the tale to an \'Ecology Strikes Back\' scenario, common in science fiction movies at the time. The food mysteriously bubbles up from the ground on a remote island somewhere in British Columbia. The couple that discover it, Mr. and Mrs. Skinner  consider it a gift from God, and promptly begin feeding it to their chickens. Soon, rats, wasps, and worms consume the substance, and the island is crawling with giant vermin. One night, some of them kill Mr. Skinner. Morgan, a professional football player , and his buddies are camping on the island, and one of them is stung to death by giant wasps. After ferrying his friends back to the mainland, Morgan returns to investigate. Also thrown into the mix are Thomas and Rita, an expecting couple; Jack Bensington, the owner of a dog food company  hoping to market the substance; and his assistant Lorna , a "lady bacteriologist." Eventually, the survivors are trapped in the farmhouse with the rats swarming around outside, and Mrs. Skinner, Morgan\'s friend Brian, and Bensington are killed by the rats. Morgan eventually blows up a nearby dam, flooding the area and drowning the rats, whose size and weight renders them unable to swim. The food, however, survives. It is swept into a river and is consumed by cows, who give tainted milk, which is then drunk by schoolchildren.'] ['The crew of a deep ocean station "DeepStar Six", which is funded by the Navy, is expected to perform scientific studies as well as install an underwater missile silo. While checking on the area they are to build the silo, they discover an underwater cave created by magma. The cave is supposedly millions of years old. Their marine biologist, Dr. Scarpelli  wants to study the cave, but Dr. Van Gelder does not wish to jeopardize the DeepStar project and wants to destroy the cave instead. After Osborne  and Hodges  blast the cave open, they send in an unmanned vehicle, which is mysteriously lost; they search for the pod in a small submarine when they are attacked by a mysterious creature. Joyce Collins  loses contact and tells Snyder  to get help, but before he can the station is attacked by the same creature and begins to slowly flood and gradually slide towards a nearby chasm. Captain Laidlaw  and McBride  try to rescue them, but are attacked by the same creature. Only McBride and Joyce escape; Laidlaw\'s spine is crushed, so he stays behind and commits suicide by flooding the station. After four deaths and the functional loss of the station, their command gives the green light to abandon the site. They first must secure the missiles, though; since Cpt. Laidlaw is dead, Snyder is ordered to follow procedures based on preset computer instructions. Because the creature was "very aggressive" Snyder reports the cause as "aggression"  so the computer orders the missiles be detonated. Snyder follows the orders without question. The resulting shockwave damages the station and they are forced to abandon it . They first must decompress before heading to the surface. Unfortunately, the decompression chamber was also damaged. The crew figures out a way to maintain pressure so they can safely leave, but while Richardson is sent to repair external damage he is again attacked by the sea creature, a huge reptilian/crustacean with crab claws and a reptilian tail. Richardson manages to get back into the airlock but almost immediately water gushes in, followed by the creature, who rips Richardson in half. Scarpelli, in shock over his death, is attacked next while the remaining crew head to higher ground to arm themselves. Snyder gets a harpoon gun while the rest of the crew use shotguns. They have to complete repairs to the station in order to leave and so they re-enter the flooded area and throw lights to distract the creature . When the creature emerges from the water, Van Gelder inadvertently backs into Snyder\'s weapon and is punctured with a carbon dioxide charge, which explodes. Snyder becomes mentally unstable as his guilt has made him erratic. He panics when he hallucinates a dead Van Gelder coming at him. Dr. Norris gives him something to calm his nerves, but it is not enough; he has a complete breakdown and comandeers the one emergency escape pod. Snyder heads to the surface without adjusting to the pressure; he "explodes" during his rapid ascent. Meanwhile Dr. Norris, McBride, and Joyce are stuck so McBride risks swimming to the mini-sub in complete darkness and silence, to use it as an escaping pod. The creature attacks Dr.\xa0Norris and Collins, cornering them. Joyce manages to escape to the decompression chamber; Dr. Norris distracts the creature and tells Joyce to leave. Dr. Norris then holds live defibrillator paddles in the water and fires a strong electric shock; she dies in the process but the creature is also supposedly killed. After Collins and McBride finish decompressing, they leave in a mini-sub just before the reactor explodes. When they reach the surface they inflate a life raft, but the creature suddenly attacks them. McBride dives into the water while Joyce stays on the raft. He spills the mini-sub\'s fuel and ignites it with a flare gun. The sub explodes, finally killing the creature. Joyce believes that McBride is dead, but he surfaces nearby, having dived below the water and the exploding sub. They start rowing across the ocean, waiting for a navy rescue team to arrive.'] ["The movie opens with a horse grazing in a small clearing in the middle of the forest. He is alerted by an unknown and unseen presence stalking him, which causes him to gallop for the protection of the trees. He is followed by some unknown enemies who are chasing him, before they surround him and prepare to attack. Meanwhile, a boy and his parents, the last of the summer tourists, are forced to leave their dog behind because they knew that their pet would not be happy in the city and would be forced to send him back to the dog pound. Later that day, while trying to find shelter from a rainstorm, he is soon found by a pack of feral dogs, most of whom were abandoned pets belonging to summer tourists. Their leader, a massive golden-haired mongrel, immediately accepts the dog into his pack. Jerry  has moved to Seal Island with his new wife, Millie, and their two sons. They also brought along their family dog, a German Shepherd named Riley. While dropping off some garbage at the island junkyard, Jerry's dog chases after a rabbit into the trees, but is attacked by an unknown creature and injured in the right hind leg. When Jerry goes back to see what it was that attacked Riley, he discovered that it was a feral dog, who had apparently also stole the rabbit that his dog was chasing. He immediately sent word to the other residents on the island, including the old hermit Mr. McMinnimee, to keep a watchful eye out for the dog and kill it if they ever see it again. McMinnimee, who lives in a cabin alone with his German Shepherd Shazah, soon learns of the wild dog and returns to his home. When a storm hit the island one evening, McMinnimee's dog starts up a riot and tries to break out. The old man, armed with his rifle, opens the door to his cabin and tries to find out who is intruding onto his property. Shazah bolts out into the front yard, but is suddenly attacked by the golden-haired mongrel plus several feral dogs. McMinnimee is too late to save his dog from the pack, though he manages to shoot and kill a collie, one of the pack members. As he tries to secure the door and windows to his house, the dogs break through one of the windows and attack the old man, killing him. The following morning, while relaxing in her new house that Jerry had built for her, Millie notices that something is scaring their poultry. She goes outside and discovers the same mongrel that Jerry saw the other day lurking near the poultry yard. She tries to drive it off, but the dog growls at her and attacks, forcing Millie to seek refuge in her Volkswagen car. As the rest of the pack surround the car and try to break in, Jerry arrives and drives the dogs off, killing a Labrador retriever with his shotgun. He takes Millie to town, drops her off at one of the abandoned houses, and warns his neighbor Cobb of the pack. While Cobb leaves to warn the other islanders of the dogs, Jerry picks up his sons and takes them back to the house. Meanwhile, one of the islanders, Dodge moves to the island with his son Tommy, a cook Lois, and his wife Marge. The day after their arrival, Dodge urges his son Tommy to go for a walk, and Lois goes along with him. During their walk through the forest, Tommy hears the pack of dogs howling nearby and starts running for his life. Lois chases after Tommy, but quickly loses him and is forced to seek refuge in an abandoned barn where the dogs sleep. Tommy runs through the forest, the pack in close pursuit, but soon trapped at the edge of a cliff towering above the ocean. With the savage dogs closing in, he jumps off the cliff and falls to his death. Lois seeks refuge in the abandoned barn just as a storm hits the island. She lays down in one of the stalls and falls asleep, but when she wakes up, she discovers that the dogs have returned. The dogs growl menacingly before they attack Lois, killing her and eating her corpse. Meanwhile, Jerry and Cobb manage to warn Walter, Dodge, and Marge about the dogs roaming the island and bring them back to the house. But when Jerry arrives at McMinnimee's cabin to warn him, he believes something is wrong when the old man does not respond. He then discovers the dead bodies of Shazah, and the collie. After searching the side of the cabin, he finds the old man's lifeless body inside having already been attacked and mauled by the pack. Jerry then leaves Mcinnimee's cabin just managing to avoid the pack who had been stalking him. He returns to the house and tells Lois and the others of what had happened. He even states that most of the dogs were once tourists' pets, but were abandoned to survive on the island a few weeks earlier. Dodge, concerned and outraged that his son Tommy is still out lost on the island, persuades Jerry to find him. Jerry, accompanied by Dodge and Cobb, head out to the abandoned barn and find the dogs running away. Dodge, armed with a rifle, shoots and kills a dalmatian as the pack runs off. Inside the barn, the men find Lois' mangled body lying in a corner, but do not find Tommy. Dodge, believing that his son is dead, steals Jerry's jeep and drives off in pursuit of the dogs, with Jerry and Cobb following him in Cobb's truck. Dodge soon encounters the pack near one of the abandoned houses, but before he can even shoot at them, the dogs attack him and tear him to shreds. Jerry and Cobb soon find Dodge and drive off the dogs with their truck, but Dodge succumbs to his injuries and dies the next day. After failing to send a signal out to the Coast Guard on the radio, Jerry orders Millie, Walter, and Cobb to find whatever weapons they can use against the pack, but the only weapons they can find are Jerry's shotgun and a handful of cartridges, a couple of sticks, an umbrella, and a few knives. Later that same day, Jerry, his family, and the few remaining inhabitants find themselves under siege by the pack. Later that afternoon, the mongrel and four other dogs from the pack launch an attack on the house, trying to break through the windows, but Jerry, Millie, their sons, and Cobb struggle to hold them off. Two of the dogs, a Doberman Pinscher and an Irish setter, manage to break inside the house, but Jerry kills the setter with his shotgun and Walter and Jerry's dog Riley drive the Doberman out of the house. The rest of the dogs flee after failing to break through the windows and get into the house. Realizing that the dogs will return for another assault, Jerry tells his family, Marge, Cobb, and Walter to board up the windows and doors of the house. Later that night, the group carries Dodge's body down to the docks and place him in a boat, pushing it out to sea to prevent the pack from trying to get at it. Knowing that the dogs will be back, they then quickly return to the house and lock themselves inside. The following morning, Walter wakes up and hears the sound of a motorboat near the docks. He grabs Jerry's shotgun and runs down to the docks to find a small group of people in a motorboat several yards out at sea. He fires a shot in the air, trying to signal them to land at the docks, but the people believe he is threatening them and drive away. Walter turns around, only to find the dogs standing in his way. He fights them off with the gun, but the mongrel and two other dogs quickly overpower him and knock him off the deck into the water. Meanwhile, Jerry, having heard the sound of the shotgun being fired and realizing that Walter has headed down to the docks, takes his jeep and drives down there, only to find him surrounded by the pack. As Jerry drives his vehicle onto the dock, the dogs turn their attention towards Jerry and charge him. The moving jeep runs over the majority of the pack, killing a gray terrier mongrel and forcing the rest of the dogs to retreat into the forest. Jerry pulls Walter out of the water and drives him back to the house. Tired of waiting for help, Jerry orders Millie to take Marge, Riley, Walter, and their sons out to the docks, while he and Cobb would try to finish off the pack. While Cobb waits quietly in Jerry's jeep, Jerry lures the mongrel and the remainder of his pack into the house. As soon as the dogs are all inside, Cobb closes the door behind them, pours several bucketloads of gasoline on the walls, and sets the house on fire with a torch. Jerry then climbs up the ladder to the attic and tries to raise it to prevent the dogs from following him, but the mongrel leaps on top of the ladder and manages to reach the top. Jerry holds him off for a short while, but as the flames reach the floor of the attic, he pushes the dog back and jumps through a window, sliding off the roof and lands on the grass below. The mongrel leaps out of the same window and springs at Jerry, but he misses his aim and is embedded on the sharpened end of a broken pipe. Millie and the others return to the house and watch as the burning building explodes and collapses, killing all the dogs inside. They soon discover that one of the dogs, the same dog that was abandoned and had joined the pack a few days earlier, had apparently did not join the fate of his comrades because the rope he was tied to had been caught and tangled in a heavy branch. Realizing that the dog was apparently afraid and not as savage and aggressive as the other dogs, Jerry decides to try to tame it. Using some crackers, he feeds them one by one to the dog. The film ends as the dog starts licking Jerry's hand, apparently winning the trust of the man and becoming a pet again."] ['Fred Brown, a soldier, returns to Louisiana from the Vietnam war to find his wife  in bed with another man, and kills them both and his parents , only sparing his son. While he is cleaning his knife, a falcon attacks him and tears out his left eye and blinds him in the other. He ends up at a hospital where he says goodbye to the child before he is taken into foster care. Twenty years later, a small group of college seniors, Steve Porter , Mary , Paul , Anne , Rob , Jennifer  and a local cop, Brian , are assigned to locate the Green billed woodpecker, a rare species which will be officially extinct by 1992, four years after the current point of the movie. Steven and Anne meet with Fred Brown , who gives them a packet of information on the bird they’re searching for. The group makes the former home of Brown their “base” for as long as they’re searching, which turns up nothing on their first day other than a rotting corpse in an abandoned truck. Upon settling in the house, strange occurrences, such as doors closing on their own and Steve seeing things that aren’t there, begin. These become more prevalent as time goes by, including a nightmare where Brown kills Mary in a similar fashion to how he killed his wife. While exploring the aviary she discovered earlier, Jennifer is chased into a tool shed by a zombie, only to be beaten to death by another that was hiding in there. Brian is burnt to death in a freak accident caused by the fuel leaking from the generator. Mary, who suspects it to be the man in her dream who killed Jennifer, finds her corpse. The survivors make it to the camper only to realize that Brian had the keys. While Rob makes an attempt to hot wire the camper, a zombie attacks and kills Mary. They quickly abandon the camper to make a last stand in Brown’s house while Brown suffers a mild heart attack when he realizes what is happening. While trying to fix the generator, a door slams open and blows dust into the room, frightening Rob into running into the generator. His necklace is caught in the generator, and he is strangled to death when the wire cuts into his throat. Paul, who witnessed the whole thing and didn’t help Rob, tells Steve and Anne that it was the zombies who killed him. It is revealed by an email sent by Brown to Rob’s computer that Steve is the baby Brown spared twenty years earlier. A zombie breaks into the house, and nearly kills Anne, however Steve saves her at the cost of a shotgun he found. Steve, Paul and Anne hide in the attic, where a fourth zombie attacks and results in the death of Paul when he panics. In the morning, the zombies’ attacks have ceased, allowing Steve and Anne to escape the house, meeting Brown in the process. He tells them to get out and that the zombies were never after Steven and Anne, only those of their group that showed fear of them. The credits begin to roll as Steve and Anne look away in despair when they hear Brown’s scream emanate from the house. Their fates are not revealed.'] ['The film opens with an explaination about deep water trenches with undiscovered sea life. A boat is being piloted through a storm on the South China Sea by John Finnegan . With him are his crewmen Joey "Tooch" Pantucci ([[Kevin J. O\'Connor , and Joey\'s girlfriend Leila . Finnegan has been hired to lead a group of mercenaries to an undisclosed location in the middle of the ocean. The mercenaries are: Hanover , Vivo , Mason , Mulligan , Billy , T-Ray , and Mamooli . Meanwhile, the luxury cruise ship Argonautica embarks on its maiden voyage. The ship is the brainchild of Simon Canton  and led by Captain Atherton . Canton and Atherton discover a woman, Trillian , attempting to steal from the vault. They lock her in a storeroom as the brig is incomplete. Soon after, a saboteur disables the ship\'s navigation and communication systems. A large object is then detected by the sonar, headed towards the ship. They collide, flooding the ship and leaving it dead in the water. Finnegan realizes their destination is the Argonautica. The mercenaries plan is to rob the vault and sink the ship. Finnegan\'s boat suddenly hits a speedboat that had detached from the cruiseliner, causing damage to Finnigan\'s boat engines. Everyone transfers over to the liner, except for Leila and Billy. Finnegan, Joey, and the mercenaries explore the abandoned ship, finding only blood and damaged superstructure. Soon after, they begin to hear screeches and ominous sounds on the boat. Back on Finnegan\'s boat, Leila is dragged overboard by an unseen creature. Finnegan and Joey go to the cruiseliner\'s engine room to get parts to fix their boat. T-Ray and Mamooli go along to guard them, but are killed by a unseen creature. On Finnegan\'s boat Billy, too, disappears. Finnegan and Joey then find Trillian, still locked in the storeroom and unaware of what happened. They are captured by Hanover, Vivo, Mason, and Mulligan, who still want to get into the vault before leaving. Vivo opens the vault, but killed with an axe by Canton and Atherton, who were hiding inside. They all enter an elevator Canton and Atherton explain creatures attacked the ship and killed everyone else on board; the group soon discovers human skeletons stripped clean of flesh in the bottom of the ship.They try to go to the end of the hallway, but after some noise, cause some of the creatures to go after them and bend the walls,causing them all to head back to the elevator. They manage to elude the tentacles after stopping for rest near the boiler rooms. After qestioning Canton is also revealed to be the saboteur; he hired the mercenaries to destroy the ship so he could collect on the insurance, due to badly misplaying with the market and having to pay 400 million dollars for the ship. They find one of the creatures, and open fire, spilling out a Billy, who had been half digested in the stomach, who dies minutes later. The group is suddenly attacked by giant tentacles, when Captain Atherton is killed. Trillian and Finnegan decide to make a deal, but not before the creatures, which they find are really tentacles, surprises them, and reveals its main mouth of the tentacle. They manage to fight it off, however. The remaining survivors agree to work together to escape. Canton theorizes that the tentacles are from evolved deep-sea worms which strip their prey of body fluids and then eject the carcass. The group is forced to swim under a collapsed section of the deck to reach an exit; Mason is the last in line and is eaten. Once through, Mulligan goes insane and attempts to stand alone against the creatures, giving the others a chance to escape before he is killed.It soon became apparent that the tentacles are herding them to the bow, where they find the carcasses of all the passengers and crew, which Finnegan believes is a feeding place. Finnegan, Trillian, Joey, Hanover and Canton become separated. Hanover tries to sacrifice Joey to save himself, but Joey escapes and Hanover is instead killed. Canton realizes the ship is sinking, meaning he would collect the insurance money after all. Finnegan and Joey make it back to the boat but without the engine parts. They see an island in the distance, but it is too far to travel without engines. Finnegan tells Joey to set the boat on autopilot and crash it into the Argonautica to destroy the creature. Finnegan returns to the ship to find Trillian and get a jet ski from the cargo bay. Canton tries to kill Trillian so there are no witnesses to his scheme, but Finnegan saves her and Canton flees back into the ship. The creature pulls itself out of the water and attacks the two, but they escape. Finnegan returns to his boat to find Joey gone with evidence of another attack. Finnegan sets the boat\'s autopilot and leaves on the jet ski with Trillian. Canton climbs on board, but cannot turn off the autopilot, so the boat rams the Argonautica and explodes, killing the creature and Canton. Finnegan and Trillian use the jet ski to travel to the nearby island, where they find Joey on the beach. He survived the attack and escaped to the island using Finnegan\'s surfboard. As the three relax, a loud roar echoes across the island and something crashes toward them through the nearby forest. An exasperated Finnegan mutters "Now what?"'] ["Shooting a documentary about a long-lost Indian tribe on the Amazon River known as the Shirishama tribe, director Terri Flores  and members of her crew, including cameraman Danny Rich , production manager Denise Kalberg , sound engineer Gary Dixon , visionary Warren Westridge , anthropologist Professor Steven Cale  and captain of the boat Mateo , comes across stranded Paraguayan snake hunter Paul Sarone  and helps him, believing he knows how to find the tribe they are searching for. But Sarone acts strangely and the crew suspects something. While trying to free the boat's propeller from a rope, Cale is stung in the throat by a wasp inside his scuba gear, leaving him unconscious. With that, Sarone takes command of the boat and the crew. They are then forced to help him achieve his true objective — hunting down and capturing a record-breaking Green Anaconda he had been tracking. Mateo is the first of the crew to be killed by the anaconda, which strangles him to death near a boat where a poacher  had been killed at the beginning of the film. The others try to find him while Gary sides with Sarone, who promises if they help him find the anaconda, he will help them get out alive. Ironically, Gary is killed next when they attempt to capture the anaconda. The survivors overcome Sarone and tie him up. When Denise attempts to kill Sarone, he gets the edge and chokes her before dumping her body in the river where she drowns. The anaconda returns and kills Westridge, only to be shot dead and Sarone incapacitated by the newly awakened Cale . Danny punches Sarone, knocking him into the river. Later on, Terri and Danny, two of the surviving members of the crew, are captured when Sarone catches up to them. He dumps a bucket of monkey blood on them and then uses them as bait in an attempt to capture a second, larger anaconda. The anaconda wraps around Terri and Danny and begins to suffocate them. They are caught in a net by Sarone, but the snake breaks free. Terri and Danny cut their bonds and slip away as Sarone, himself, is killed by the snake. Terri finds a nest of baby anacondas in a building, but the snake arrives, and after regurgitating Sarone's body, chases her up a smoke stack. The snake becomes trapped in the smoke stack, whereupon Danny ignites a fire below and burns the snake alive. As Terri and Danny recuperate on a nearby dock, the snake appears one final time. Danny beats the anaconda with an axe until it is finally dead. Afterwards, Terri and Danny reunite with Cale, who begins to revive on the boat. As they float down the river, they accidentally locate the natives for whom they were originally searching. They realize Sarone was right and begin filming their documentary as the movie ends."] ["Rancher Cole Hillman  seeks the help of college president Elgin Clark  to combat thousands of rabbits that have invaded the area after their natural predators, coyotes were killed off. Elgin asks for the assistance of researchers Roy  and Gerry Bennett  because they respect Cole's wish to avoid using cyanide to poison the rabbits. Roy proposes using hormones to disrupt the rabbits' breeding cycle, and takes some rabbits for experimentation. One rabbit is injected with a new serum believed to cause birth defects. However, the Bennett's daughter Amanda  loves the injected rabbit, so she switches it with one from the control group. Amanda is then given the injected rabbit as a pet, but it soon escapes. While inspecting the rabbits' old burrowing areas, Cole and the Bennets find a large, unusual animal track. Meanwhile, Cole's son Jackie  and Amanda go to a gold mine to visit Jackie's friend Billy, but find him missing. Jackie finds more of the animal tracks in Billy's shed, while Amanda goes into the mine and runs into an enormous rabbit with blood on its face. Screaming in terror, she runs from the mine. Mutilated bodies begin to crop up around town, including Billy, a truck driver, and a family of four. Elgin, the Bennets, Cole, and Cole's two ranch hands, Frank ([[Henry Wills  and Jud , go to the mine to try to kill the rabbits with explosives. As Elgin and Cole set charges on top of the mine, Roy and Frank enter the shaft to get pictorial evidence. Outside, a rabbit surfaces and attacks Jud before Gerry can shoot it. Roy and Frank escape the rabbits in the mine and run outside as the explosives are detonated. The explosives fail to kill the rabbits, and that night they attack Cole's ranch, killing Jud while Cole, Frank, Jackie, and Cole's housekeeper escape into the storm shelter. The rabbits make their way to the small town of Galanos, killing everyone they find before taking refuge in the buildings for the day. In the morning, Gerry and Amanda leave to avoid the coming press, but get stuck along a sandy stretch of road. Roy and Elgin update Sheriff Cody  on the situation, and after realizing the rabbits have escaped the mine, call in the national guard. As night falls, the rabbits leave Galanos to continue making their way to the main town, Ajo, killing everything in sight. Cole proposes using a half-mile wide stretch of electrified railroad track as a fence to contain and kill the rabbits. They recruit a large group of people at a drive in theater to help herd the rabbits with their car lights, with assistance from the machine gun fire of the national guard. Thousands of rabbits make their way into the trap, where they are shot and electrocuted. At the end of the film, Cole tells Roy that normal rabbits, as well as coyotes, have returned to the ranch."] ["Eight teenagers, including Brady , Claire , Duncan , Kit , Annabelle , Sunny , Foster  and Hubs  are going on a weekend boat trip on a remote lake in Southern California for spring break. As the group are about to depart on their boat, they are warned by Sheriff Bowman  to be sensible and keep out of danger. After a day of partying, the group have a bonfire. Close by, two local fishermen destroy a crocodile nest, only for them both to be attacked by the crocodile, which devours them both. The following day the teenagers continue to party. Annabelle's dog, Princess, runs away, leading the group to the crocodiles nest, where Duncan breaks an egg and Hubs hides one in Claire's bag. At night, Sunny becomes incredibly drunk and reveals Brady cheated on Claire with her, resulting in Claire breaking up with Brady. Hubs, who is also heavily intoxicated falls asleep at the bonfire while the rest of the group return to the boat. Sometime later, Hubs attempts to return to the boat but is eaten by the crocodile, while the boat becomes untied and begins to drift in the lake. In the morning, the friends find their boat has become stuck, leaving them stranded. While the rest of the group attempt to fix the boat, Brady and Sunny go to try and find Hubs. Sunny attempts to get Brady to go swimming, but she narrowly escapes an attack by the crocodile. The pair rush back to the boat to warn the others, however the crocodile arrives and sinks the boat, killing Foster in the process. Meanwhile, Sheriff Bowman finds the fishermen and Hubs remains before visiting Shurkin  and Lester , two locals who take care of alligators. Shurkin sets out with the Sheriff to find the crocodile, while Lester is seen to be feeding the crocodile, but is eventually devoured himself. As night falls, the teenagers are still stranded in the woods searching for a road. The crocodile returns, and ultimatley Sunny is eaten. The rest of the group reach a small shop, where Brady attempts to phone the Sheriff, but the crocodile breaks through a wall and devours Annabelle. As Kit escapes to start the truck outside, Brady, Claire and Duncan fight off the crocodile. In the chaos, a fire starts which causes the truck to explode, killing Kit and scaring away the crocodile. The next day, the Sheriff and Shurkin find Brady, Claire and Duncan and pick them up on their boat. Soon after, Shurkin is knocked into the water and eaten, before the Sheriff is also killed. With the boats engine broken, the survivors swim to land. Claire finally discovers the crocodiles egg in her bag, and the group use it as bait to lure the crocodile to them so they can kill it. In their attempt, Duncan is eaten whole, but is quickly regurgitated. The crocodile then takes its egg from Claire and swims back to its nest, leaving Claire, Brady, Duncan and Princess the only survivors."] ['{{Inappropriate tone}} The film opens as a forensic anthropologist in the African bush is looking over a mass grave of people who have been killed by what she claims are identical gunshot wounds. The woman and a UN soldier head away from the mass grave to inspect another one. She digs her shovel into what she believes is another grave only to be attacked by an unseen creature. The anthropologist is dragged into the water as the soldier opens fire. Other soldiers shoot at the attacker but it kills the woman and drags her into deeper water to consume her. In a New York City newsroom, Tim  is talking on his phone, while looking at a TV to see if his name is mentioned in connection with a case that he was working on in which the evidence was falsified. His cameraman and friend Steven is telling him maybe their boss, Roger, did not see or hear what was being broadcast, when Tim is asked to see Roger. Tim sees Roger who does not want to talk about his contract just yet, but instead introduces him to Aviva, a woman standing by another television set viewing a report about the anthropologist whose fate we saw. Aviva is a reporter who deals with animal stories, and she is interested in the story of Gustave, an enormous crocodile known to have killed hundreds of people in Africa. Tim is browbeaten into going to Africa with her to capture Gustave alive, taking Steven along. At the airport in Burundi they are met by Harry, who warns them about the dangers of the bush including a dangerous warlord who has nicknamed himself "Little Gustave", but fails to delay their departure with wildlife expert Matt Collins. Their boat has machine-gun toting guards, who fight off an attack on their boat from the shore. When the party reach the village, they meet their guide, Jacob, and are blessed by the local shaman. The friendly villagers assemble a steel cage in order to catch Gustave, and take it to a nearby swamp. The first attempt to capture Gustave fails, but Matt manages to shoot him with a tracking dart. Steven, while getting scenic video, catches on film Little Gustave himself executing the shaman along with his family. Jojo, a villager who helped set up the cage, tries to capture Gustave using himself as bait, in the hopes that if he captures Gustave the group would take him to America. One of the guards is caught stealing money from a tent, and is about to rape Aviva when Gustave arrives and kills him. Aviva runs to the group, and they return to the devastated camp. The guards work for Little Gustave, and the remaining guard shoots and wounds Jacob; just as he is about to execute the whole group, Jojo shoots him with Jacob\'s elephant gun. While Jacob\'s wound is being treated, Gustave attacks the group. Jacob recalls the story of how his wife, Ona, was killed by Gustave, and that he swore revenge. Jacob produces a grenade, and detonates it as Gustave attacks him in an attempt to kill him, but fails. A helicopter arrives to airlift the survivors, but Little Gustave\'s men attempt to blow it up to stop them from obtaining the video of the execution. Matt is struck by a car and shot to death by Little Gustave\'s men, and the group gets separated. When Gustave chases Steven, Tim goes to look for him, but Aviva has to stay with the injured Jojo. He only finds Steven\'s camera. Harry arrives in a Range Rover, but Tim realises that he is Little Gustave and wants the video evidence. Tim attempts to trick Harry by giving him the GPS locater for the dart that tracks Gustave, saying it tracks a suitcase that contains the video. Harry declines and forces Tim to find the "suitcase". While searching, Tim finds Steven\'s mutilated body, and kills the guard that was sent with him. Aviva splatters crocodile pheromones over Harry, and Gustave comes and devours the warlord. Tim, Jojo and Aviva climb into the Range Rover followed by Gustave, but they manage to escape home. The ending states that with the death of Little Gustave, the civil war ended for good, but Gustave is seen still very much alive and killing people.'] ["{{plot}} A North African dinosaur, related to the crocodile, is found which could grow up to fifty feet long. Dr. Campbell  uses its DNA to create two hybrids of it with a modern day crocodile at Paula Kennedy's Genetic Research Co.  lab. One creature kills Dr. Campbell's assistant and the other creature escapes. This information is kept from Sheriff Harper  by Kennedy, stating the dead creature killed Campbell's assistant. His daughter, county dog catcher Diane Harper, helps her ex welding artist, Tom Banning, find his 12 year old brother Michael  and their three legged dog, Lucky, who was lost a few days earlier. Meanwhile Kennedy sends a trapper to feed Dinocroc . The trapper uses Lucky as bait, but Lucky runs away and seconds later Dinocroc quickly devours the trapper, leaving only his lower legs. Later in the morning Diane and Tom find Lucky running around in the woods and try to catch him. Unbeknown to them, the Dinocroc is lurking in the water, but Dr. Campbell saves them by shooting at it and they discover the Dinocroc is growing. Kennedy then hires an Australian crocodile hunter, Dick Sydney , to help kill the Dinocroc. Later that night, Michael tries to sneak out to look for Lucky on his bike when he comes face to face with the creature. Dinocroc chases Michael through the forest  into a tool shed sitting above water. The Dinocroc then gets under the shed and engulfs Michael from below, leaving only his head. The next day, not having noticed that Michael has gone, Tom, Diane, Dick, and Campbell find that the creature is headed toward the town's lakeside beach. It kills 3 people the last one being Campbell. In a press conference after the incident Kennedy lies that Campbell was not part of Gereco. Sheriff Harper then plans to kill the creature with his police force and Diane. While looking for it they stumble upon Michael's damaged bike  and Michael's remains in the shed. Tom, who knows Michael is missing, appears on his motorbike, than speeds away after seeing what is left of his dead brother. After trying to get drunk, Tom cries loudly over his brother and Diane comes to comfort him along with Lucky. 5 of Sheriff Harper's officers are killed by the Dinocroc. The next day, Tom, Diane and others devise a plan to trap Dinocroc in a tunnel and gas him to death. Sheriff Harper uses some dogs for bait, which Diane and Tom object to, so Harper has them handcuffed and put in the police car. The two escape and use a blowtorch to release the chained dogs, while the creature chases them. They trap Dinocroc in the tunnel and gas it, seemingly killing it. Harper and Dick leave and Diane and Tom share a kiss. While a local news crew is taping Kennedy  inside the tunnel, telling the reporter false stories about the events, Dinocroc awakens, eats Paula Kennedy whole and comes after Tom and Diane, who are left after the news crew drives away quickly. After hiding under a truck they hear a train and lure Dinocroc across the tracks with Tom using a blowtorch to distract it until the train arrives. It is rammed by a passing train, followed by Tom stabbing it in the eye  with a small pipe. As the sun rises the next day, Diane and Tom drive away, contemplating leaving for a vacation together. Then the camera pans slowly back as their truck passes and Dinocroc is seen walking weakly across the road still alive. He appears again in Dinocroc vs. Supergator."] ['Dawn O’Keefe  is a teenage spokesperson for a Christian abstinence group called The Promise. She attends groups with her two friends, Alisha  and Phil . One evening after giving a speech about the purity ring worn by members of the group, she is introduced to Tobey  and finds him attractive. The four begin going out as a group. Dawn has fantasies about marrying Tobey, although after acknowledging the attraction, they agree that they cannot spend time together. Soon after they give in and meet at a local swimming hole. After swimming together, they go in to a cave to get warm and begin kissing. Dawn gets uncomfortable and tries to get them to go back. Tobey then attempts to rape Dawn, who panics and tries to push him off. Tobey becomes aggressive and shakes Dawn, resulting in her smacking her head on the ground. While she is dazed, Tobey takes the opportunity to begin raping her. Dawn fights back and inadvertently bites off his penis with her vagina. A horrified Dawn stumbles away and she flees the scene. After a Promise meeting, she meets her classmate Ryan  at a dance; they talk, and he drops her off at her home. Dawn drops her purity ring off a cliff and goes back to the swimming hole. She screams in horror when she sees a freshwater crab crawling on Tobey\'s penis. She then researches "vagina dentata" and realizes she may have it. She visits a gynecologist, Dr. Godfrey , in an attempt to find out what is happening to her. When he examines her, she panics and her vagina bites off all four fingers on his right hand. While biking home, she encounters a police officer driving Tobey\'s car. The cop demands that she pull over to the side of the road. After the stop, she decides to go back to visit the pool to investigate. When she arrives, she sees the police bringing up Tobey\'s body. Meanwhile, back at home, her ill mother Kim O\'Keefe  collapses. Dawn\'s stepbrother Brad  and his girlfriend Melanie  hear her collapse but ignore her, continuing to have sex while she lies on the floor. Dawn\'s mother is taken to the hospital. Dawn goes to Ryan seeking help and the two successfully have sex. The following morning they have sex again, but mid-coitus Ryan’s friend calls. Ryan smugly boasts that he and the friend had bet on whether he could score with Dawn. In her anger, her vagina bites off his penis, and she leaves him to call his mother for help. Dawn learns her mother has died, leading her stepfather Bill  to attempt to throw Brad out, but Brad sics his dog on Bill. Dawn meets her stepfather and Melanie at the hospital and, emboldened by her power, she goes back home to seek revenge. Dawn puts on make-up and goes to seduce her stepbrother. In the midst of the act, Brad recalls that, while still kids, Dawn bit his finger, but it was not her mouth that bit him. As he realizes this, Dawn’s vagina bites off his penis. She releases it on the ground and Brad’s dog eats it, spitting out the glans and genital piercing. Dawn leaves him whimpering and maimed on his bed. Dawn cycles away from home, but her bike tire sustains a puncture, so she begins hitchhiking. She gets a lift from an old man , but falls asleep and rides for several hours, waking up after nightfall. When she tries to get out, he repeatedly locks the doors. He licks his lips as if to ask for a sexual favor to release her; Dawn hesitates, and then looks towards the camera—and the old man—with a seductive smile.'] ["The film begins with two dynamite fisherman working only to disturb a large Saltwater Crocodile which attacks, mutilates, and kills them both. Jack McQuade  runs a crocodile farm in Thailand with the help of his nephew Theo  and Jack's sister  Allison . Jack is being constantly harassed by a new neighboring resort owned by the Konsong brothers. They want to get Jack shut down because they have buildings on the land and want to steal the rest. The Konsong brothers seek animal welfare, bill collectors, and tax collectors on the farm. As animal welfare investigator Evelyn Namwong  refuses to shut down the farm, having found only minor violations, she is fired. After two teenagers are eaten by a crocodile, the Konsongs send goons to break in and release three of the farm's crocodiles. Jack's crocodiles are blamed and he gets orders to shut down until further notice. The crocodile that killed the teens reappears and eats a young boy near the docks. Its filmed by a tourist nearby and identified as a 20-foot salt water crocodile. Being much much larger and of a different species than Jack's, his farm's name is cleared and he is able to reopen. With the monster continuing to snack on the local population, Jack and Evelyn run into Hawkins , a man who has been hunting it for months to get revenge for its many victims. They join forces to find and kill the crocodile. While they are talking, they here gunfire and a two hunters having claimed to have killed the Croc which is actually one of Jack's escaped Crocs. They quickly rush over, only to see the real Croc kill one of the hunters. While they hunt the crocodile, the Konsongs send someone to kill Allison, who paid his taxes and other bills to help him out. The goon tries to run her down, but misses. He leaves behind his cell phone which links him back to Andy Konsong. Andy heads home to warn his brother that their plot has been uncovered, only to find pieces of him floating in a bloodied pool. The crocodile was in the pool when he was swimming and killed him. Panicked, Andy calls 911, but then gets sick to his stomach. While he's throwing up in the pool, the crocodile emerges and kills him. When Evelyn, Jack, Hawkins, and the crocodile farm manager go looking for the crocodile's pit, Allison and Theo follow in a small boat. The crocodile appears and snatches Allison from the boat, much to Theo's horror. Jack and the rest of the team continue searching for the pit underwater while Hawkins and Theo go to search on land. They find the pit and, to their relief, Allison, who is unconscious but still alive. She wakes up to find the crocodile with its jaws right in front of her head, but it leaves when it hears Jack calling for her. It comes up behind Jack, gets a hold of his foot, and drags him underwater. As it's going down, Hawkins and Theo shoot at it, with Hawkins managing to shoot it in the brain. It dies with Jack's foot still firmly clamped in its mouth and him underwater. Stuck too high to get down to help, Hawkins advises Allison to cut off Jack's leg since they can't get the crocodile's mouth open. Instead, the park manager uses a bang stick to blast it open and Jack gets to keep his leg."] ["Corporate real estate tycoon Hamilton Lux  sets his sights on developing the quaint seaside town of Full Moon Bay into a prime getaway for the wealthy, but runs into some unexpected problems. Lifelong fisherman Daniel Wilder ([[John Schneider  and wife Brooke  owns property exactly where Lux wants to build high-priced condos, and isn't planning to sell. Lux secretly laces the local waters with a toxin deadly to marine life, decimating the fishing industry in an attempt to starve Daniel out. Alas, the chemical react differently on the area's sharks, drastically increasing their aggressive tendencies and transforming them into engines of pure destruction moving in coordinated swarms. Without fish to feed on, shark attacks on humans rapidly increase. Lux uses media contacts to paint the attacks as random incidents. Daniel, his marine biologist brother and a concerned E.P.A. agent must expose Lux's plan and rid the area of the chemically-altered sharks before the town's entire population is devoured by hungry sharks."] [' A young boy named Billy gets yelled at and abused by his father, Stan, for reading a horror comic titled Creepshow. His father tosses the comic in the garbage to teach Billy a lesson, but not before threatening to spank him should Billy ever get caught reading Creepshow comic books again. Later after he tosses the comic book away, Stan reminds his wife that he had to be hard on Billy because he does not want their son to be reading such "crap" as he gives examples of what Billy should not be reading . He then closes out the discussion with the reason why God made fathers: to protect their children from harmful influences. As Billy sits upstairs cursing his father with hopes of him rotting in Hell, he hears a sound at the window, which turns out to be a ghostly apparition in the form of The Creep from the comic book, beckoning him to come closer; this segues into the opening titles.   Nathan Grantham, the miserly old patriarch of a family whose fortune was made through bootlegging, fraud, extortion, and murder-for-hire, is killed on Father\'s Day by his long-suffering spinster daughter Bedelia. Bedelia was already unstable as the result of a lifetime spent putting up with her father\'s incessant demands and emotional abuse, which culminated in his orchestrating the murder of her sweetheart. When she could no longer endure Nathan\'s screams for her to bring him his Father\'s Day cake, Bedelia picked up a heavy marble ashtray, yelled "Happy Father\'s Day!" and smashed his skull with it. The sequence begins seven years later, when the remainder of Nathan\'s descendants—including Nathan\'s granddaughter Sylvia, his great-grandchildren Richard, Cass, and Cass\' husband Hank—get together for their annual dinner on the third Sunday in June. Bedelia, who typically arrives later than the others, stops in the cemetery outside the family house to lay a flower at the grave site and drunkenly reminisce about how she murdered her insufferable, overbearing father. When she accidentally spills her whiskey bottle in front of the headstone, it seems to have a reanimating effect on the mortal remains interred below. Suddenly, Nathan\'s putrefied, maggot-infested corpse emerges from the burial plot in the form of a revenant who has come back to claim the Father\'s Day cake he never got. Before obtaining his long-desired pastry, the revenant avenges himself on Bedelia and the rest of his idle, scheming, money-grubbing heirs, killing them off one by one, which includes some apparent supernatural abilities such as making a heavy tombstone move by will. The final freeze-frame shows the undead Nathan in the kitchen triumphantly carrying a platter that is crowned with Sylvia\'s freshly severed head and covered with cake frosting. The corpse gurgles hoarsely at a terrified Richard and Cass, "It\'s Father\'s Day, and I got my cake! Happy Father\'s Day!"  (Second story, originally titled "Weeds", adapted from [[Weeds  Jordy Verrill , a dimwitted backwoods yokel, thinks that a newly discovered meteorite will provide enough money from the local college to pay off his $200 bank loan. Instead, he finds himself being overcome by a rapidly spreading plant-like organism that begins growing on his body after he touches a glowing green substance within the meteorite. Jordy is eventually cautioned by the ghost of his father not to take a bath. But when the itching from the growth on his skin becomes unbearable, Jordy succumbs to temptation and collapses into the bathwater. By the next morning, Jordy and his farm have been completely covered with dense layers of the hideous alien vegetation. In despair, he reaches for a shotgun and blows the top of his head off. A radio weather forecast announces that heavy rains are predicted and the audience is left with the dire expectation that this will accelerate the spread of the extraterrestrial plant growth to surrounding areas.   Richard Vickers, a wealthy psychopath whose spry, devil-may-care jocularity belies his cold-blooded murderousness, stages a terrible fate for his unfaithful wife, Becky, and her lover, Harry Wentworth, by burying them up to their necks on the beach below the high tide line. He explains that they have a chance of survival - if they can hold their breath long enough for the sand to loosen once the seawater covers them they could break free and escape. He also sets up several closed-circuit TV cameras so he can watch them die from the comfort of his well-appointed beach house. If you look closely at the desk next to his bed, you can see the same ashtray the was used to kill the grandfather from "Father\'s Day". However, Richard is in for one hell of a surprise of his own when the two lovers he murdered return as a pair of waterlogged, seaweed-covered revenants intent on giving him a dose of his own deadly punishment. He tries in vain to shoot them but they both remind him that "You can\'t kill someone if they\'re already dead!" The final scene reveals that Richard has been buried in the beach at low tide, facing the approaching tide . While the tide is rising, he laughs hysterically and screams "I can hold my breath for a long time!" The frame then freezes into animation and the pages start flipping again. They come to a stop on the title of the next story, which is one of the longer entries at nearly 30 minutes.   A college custodian Mike drops a quarter and finds a wooden storage crate, hidden under some basement stairs for 148 years. He notifies a college professor, Dexter Stanley, of the find. The two decide to open the crate and it is found to contain an extremely lethal creature(The monster in the crate was nicknamed "Fluffy" by the film\'s director, George A. Romero. resembling a Yeti, or Abominable Snowman, which despite its diminutive size promptly kills and entirely devours Mike, leaving behind only his boot. Escaping, Stanley runs into a graduate student, Charlie Gereson who is skeptical and investigates. Gereson and Stanley find that the crate has been moved back under the stairs and Gereson is killed by the creature as he examines the crate. Stanley then flees and informs his friend and colleague at the university, the mild-mannered Professor Henry Northrup, of his recent experience. Professor Stanley, now traumatized and hysterical, babbles to Northrup that the deadly monster must be disposed of somehow. Northrup sees the creature as a way to rid himself of his perpetually drunk, obnoxious and emotionally abusive wife, Wilma, whom he often daydreams of killing. He contrives a scheme to lure her near the crate where the beast does indeed maul and eat her. Northrup later secures the beast back inside its crate, and drops it into a nearby lake, where it sinks to the bottom, and he returns to assure Professor Stanley that the creature is no more. However, it is subsequently revealed to the audience that the beast has escaped from its crate, and is in fact still alive and well. Also, watchful eyes will notice the staircase in Northrup\'s home is the same staircase from "Something To Tide You Over", the previous story; it even has some of the same camera angles.   Upson Pratt is a cruel, ruthless businessman whose mysophobia has him living in a hermetically sealed apartment controlled completely with electric locks and surveillance cameras. During a particularly severe lightning storm he finds himself looking out over the steel canyons of New York City as a rolling blackout travels his way. When it hits his apartment tower, the fun begins for the audience, and the terror begins for Mr. Pratt. The ruthless tycoon now finds himself helpless when his flat becomes overrun by countless hordes of aggressive multi-sized cockroaches—perhaps symbolizing the revenge of all the "little people" he has spent his entire life stepping on. As the cockroaches begin to overrun him, he locks himself inside a panic room, only to find the cockroaches have already infested the room. With no way to escape, the roaches swarm on him, and eventually grotesquely burst out from his corpse.  The following morning, two garbage collectors find the Creepshow comic book in the trash. They look at the ads in the book for X-ray specs and a Charles Atlas bodybuilding course. They also see an advertisement for a voodoo doll, but lament that the order form has already been redeemed . Inside the house, Stan complains of neck pain, which escalates and becomes deadly as Billy repeatedly and gleefully jabs the voodoo doll while his accursed father screams in agony as Billy finally gets revenge on him for his past abuse.'] ['The film begins with New Mexico State Police Sergeant Ben Peterson  and his patrol partner Ed Blackburn  discovering a little girl wandering the desert near Alamogordo, mute and in a state of shock. They retrace her steps to a trailer owned by an FBI agent named Ellinson, who was on vacation in the area with his wife and two children. The side of the trailer has been ripped open from the outside, and the rest of the family is missing and presumed dead. The girl briefly responds when strange sounds echo out of the desert wind, but the troopers and medic miss this. More mysterious deaths and disappearances occur in the area. A general store owner named Gramps Johnson is found dead in his store, which had been literally torn apart. All the money is left in the register, but a barrel of sugar had been smashed open, and Gramps\' empty rifle has been fired empty and bent in half. Peterson leaves to check on the little girl and make a report leaving Blackburn to guard Gramps\' store. Not long afterward, Blackburn hears a strange noise outside and goes out to investigate. Soon there is the sound of several gunshots, the strange sound gets louder, and Blackburn is heard screaming in agony, whereupon he disappears as well. Later, FBI agent Robert Graham  has arrived to assist. A single strange track bigger than a mountain lion’s has been found in the desert near the trailer, and a plaster cast of it was made and sent to Washington, D.C. The police think there is a maniac killer on the loose, but Peterson\'s boss points out that Gramps got off several shots with his 30-30 and was “a dead shot and could hit anything he could see”. So, the police commander says, “unless the attacker is armored like a battleship, there’s no maniac killer in this case.” Even more puzzling is the coroner\'s verdict about the possible causes of death found on Gramps Johnson\'s body: “Gramps could have died any one of five ways. His neck and back were broken, his skull was fractured, his chest was crushed... and here’s one for Sherlock Holmes. There was enough formic acid in his body to kill twenty men.” When the FBI is unable to identify the footprint, it attracts the attention of Harold  and Pat Medford , a father/daughter team of entomologists from the Department of Agriculture. The elder Dr. Medford arrives on the scene with a theory, but will not go into it until he tries an experiment on the Ellinson girl and sees the site where they found the track. In the hospital, he has her smell the contents of a vial containing formic acid, whereupon she emerges from her state of catatonic withdrawal and screams, "Them! Them!" Medford\'s theory is validated when, back at the torn-up trailer, he sees the track, measuring an astonishing eighteen centimeters, making the “creature” almost eight feet in length. Both Graham and Peterson are upset that the doctor has not let them in on what he thinks is happening, but he explains that he is trying to avoid a nationwide panic. As they talk, his daughter encounters a giant foraging ant. The lawmen empty their revolvers at the monster, to little effect. On Medford\'s advice, Peterson, using a Thompson submachine gun, and Graham finally kill it by shooting off the creature\'s antennae, blinding it, then emptying the Thomson into it. Medford finally tells them what it is: an ant. He theorizes it was mutated by the radiation from the first atom bomb tests, close by at Alamogordo. A U.S. Air Force unit is brought in, led by General O\'Brien , which locates the ants\' nest and exterminates the inhabitants with poison gas. However, the younger Dr. Medford finds evidence that two young queens have hatched and flown away to establish new colonies. Trying to avoid a general panic, the government covertly investigates any reports of unusual activities or sightings of "flying saucers". One report leads them to a railroad car which has been caved in and forty tons of sugar taken. The guard is irate at being accused of being in on it. "Who\'s going to steal forty tons of sugar? Is there a black market for it?" Another report takes them to a local hospital and a pilot named Crotty, who was forced down by U.F.O.s that he says resembled giant ants. He’s confined to the psycho ward, but the doctor – who is about to release him, saying it’s all a publicity stunt – is warned to keep him locked up and without any visitors so he gets no publicity. They’ll call later and tell the doctor when Crotty can be released. One of the queens is finally revealed to have invaded the hold of an ocean-going freighter which had been docked for off-loading and hatches left open. It has been overrun by ants who then slaughter the crew. The vessel is sunk by a U.S. Navy cruiser. Then, an alcoholic in a hospital "drunk tank" reveals that he saw giant ants flying around outside his window, and the dismembered corpse of a man last seen with his two young sons  leads the investigation to the storm drain system that empties into the Los Angeles River. Given the significant threat to the City, the U.S. Army goes public with the existence of the giant ants, declares martial law for the city, and prepares for a major assault on the new nest. During the assault, Peterson finds the two missing boys alive but trapped near the ants\' nest. He calls for backup but, seeing that the boys are in imminent danger, goes in alone before help can arrive. He gets the boys to safety in the pipe through which he came. Before Peterson himself can escape, he is grabbed from behind in the mandibles of another ant and mortally wounded. Graham arrives at the scene with reinforcements, and they fight off the swarming ants. Graham is nearly killed himself when a cave-in temporarily cuts him off from the rest of the men; several ants charge him, but he is able to hold them off long enough for the other troops to tunnel through the debris and come to his rescue. The nest\'s queen and egg chamber are then destroyed with flamethrowers. The senior Dr. Medford issues a grim warning that "the atomic genie has been let out of the bottle," and further horrors may await mankind. He solemnly intones, "When man entered the atomic age, he opened the door to a new world. What we may eventually find in that new world, nobody can predict."'] ['Tri-Oceanic Corp has hired undersea miners for a 90-day project. Martin , CEO of Tri-Oceanic Corp, hired Steven Beck, a geologist, to assist in mining operations as well as command the undersea mining station. While outside their vessel in a pressure suit, Sixpack discovers a wrecked ship. Because he does not respond to hails over his radio, Williams looks for him and finds him excited over "treasure." Dr. Thompson understands Russian and identifies the ship as the Leviathan. The crew discover that it is marked as an active ship on duty in the Baltic Sea. Sixpack and the rest of the crew open a safe from Leviathan and find crew records relating to deceased crew members, as well as a video tape from the ship\'s captain. Sixpack also finds a flask of vodka. Being there is no alcohol permitted on the station, he hides this for his own use. Bowman figures out Sixpack has hidden the vodka and persuades him to share it. The doctor and Beck review the video of Leviathans captain and believe his video log was cryptic regarding the crew\'s poor health, commenting that it didn\'t resemble any illness he had witnessed before. They also review the video tapes of Leviathan and Doc notices the hull may have been hit by a torpedo while Beck claims a run-in might have caused the hole. The Doc then points out the jagged tear as evidence of a torpedo hit that scuttled the ship. The following morning, Sixpack awakes feeling sick. At first, the doc thinks it looks like a hangover, but during the exam he notices strange lesions along his back. The doctor is unable to offer any explanation and collects a sample of the lesion to analyze. He asks the computer for an opinion and it suggests "genetic alteration?" Sixpack dies eight hours later, but the doctor and Beck hide news of his death to avoid a panic. Dr. Thompson carries out routine medical checks to confirm no one else is sick, but does not have the chance to examine Bowman due to being called into a conference. While Beck and Dr. Thompson have a video conference with Martin , Bowman has begun feeling ill. She becomes distraught when she begins losing hair. Bowman accidentally stumbles upon Sixpack\'s corpse and witnesses it mutating. Beck and Dr. Thompson do not want to take risks and ask Martin to execute an emergency medical evacuation. Martin claims the evacuation will happen, but there may be a severe storm on the surface that will delay the evacuation for 12 hours. Dr. Thompson finds that Bowman, unable to cope with the idea of dying like Sixpack, has committed suicide. Her body is taken to sickbay, where Beck and Thompson find Sixpack\'s corpse mutating. Later, her body merges with Sixpacks\'s. They decide to dump both bodies. As they are about to "flush" the cadavers, the bodybag begins to squirm and, believing someone inside may still be alive, the crew opens it. The creature that is forming attacks and claws Cobb before they manage to eject it. The surviving crew are informed of what has happened and realize that Leviathan was experimenting with mutagens without its crew\'s knowledge. The mutagen was mixed with the vodka that the crew - and later Sixpack and Bowman - drank. The ship was scuttled when the experiment escaped control. A piece of Sixpack\'s leg was severed when the corpses were ejected and remains on board; it mutates into a lamprey-like creature that attacks Dejesus in the kitchen. Jones seals the kitchen\'s pressure doors and goes for help. He asks Cobb to watch the door, but when he goes to find something to defend himself, the creature assimilates Dejesus and rips its way out of the kitchen. It then grows tentacles that attack the crew. The creature attacks the medical bay, devouring all the blood and plasma from the cooler. This inspires Beck to use a freshly drawn pint of his own blood to lure the beast to the area called the Swamp  and attempt to flush this mutation the same way they did with Sixpack and Bowman earlier. Thompson ejects the escape pods so that no one can escape and risk bringing the mutagen to the surface. Beck consults with Martin for emergency evacuation. Martin assures them that they will not be left behind, but that she cannot carry out the rescue because of a hurricane on the surface. Cobb\'s injuries grow worse, causing him to mutate and infect Dr. Thompson. Williams escapes as Beck and Jones try trapping the creature. Williams joins them but is almost captured by the creature. They escape to another part of the station. The crew tries accessing weather information through the computer, but it is blocked. Williams asks the computer for a financial report from the company and they discover that the Tri-Oceanic Corporation has declared them dead, labeling it an accident. The creature damages vital systems, causing the pressure to drop and an implosion to occur in a short period of time. They make a run for the Swamp, to try stopping the implosion. Jones is unable to access the valves because of steam blasting them. They decide to use their special dive suits to escape. The creature attacks them, but is crushed by the lift as Beck escapes. They make it to the surface, where they are met by the Coast Guard. After a small brush with sharks, the mutant composed of Sixpack and Bowman surfaces near them and attempts to drown Jones. Jones stalls it at the cost of his life and Beck throws a demolition charge into the creatures mouth, causing it to explode. After they are dropped off on a Tri-Oceanic oil drilling platform, the two survivors are greeted by Martin. Martin tells them she believed they would make it, smiling insincerely and asking how Beck feels. Beck punches Martin in the face, knocking her out. "Better. A lot better."'] ["The film takes place in Venice, where David Franks  and girlfriend Laura  are meeting with Venetian police to learn more about the mysterious disappearance of David's father. During the boatride to where they think David's father may have last been seen, David sees the dorsal fin of a large shark. In double-take he looks back and the fin is gone. David and another man  enter the canals wearing wetsuits and scuba gear. A large shark preys on the two and in a sudden attack the Italian man is eaten. David is bitten in the shoulder but manages to escape to a cave. In the cave, David narrowly escapes several close calls with contraptions recalling those in the opening scene of Raiders of the Lost Ark; the film also borrows quite liberally from the plot of Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade. He then emerges on a large room in the cave which holds vast amounts of treasure. David stares in wonder at it, pockets a gold and emerald brooch and returns to Laura in the boat. The next scene shows him recuperating in a hospital bed with Laura by his side. David and Laura are asked to meet and have dinner with business-man Vito Clemenza . Clemenza produces the brooch David had taken from the treasure room and asks David to return to the cave. As unsuspecting tourists are devoured, David contemplates his next move. Before too long Laura is kidnapped by Clemenza's Mafia goons. David decides to try to save her with the help of the Venetian police. It is unclear whether it is a scientific phenomenon leading to the gradual increase in the temperature of the Grand Canal and the presence of at least one Great white shark taking up residence in the city of Venice.Danny Lerner Shark in Venice Filmkritik Rezension Kritik Later in the film Clemenza appears to tell David that he is the one who has introduced the sharks to the waterways."] ['In the Framing Story, a psychiatrist in a high tech modern mental asylum, Dr. Tremayne , discusses a bold new psychiatric theory with colleague Dr. Nicholas . Tremayne uses four patients who went insane - Paul, Timothy, Brian, and Auriol - to illustrate the theory, presenting each in turn to Nicholas: In Mr. Tiger, Paul  is the sensitive and introverted young son of constantly bickering parents Sam  and Fay Patterson . Amid the unhappy domestic situation, he befriends an "imaginary" tiger. Features David Wood as Paul\'s tutor Phillipe. In Penny Farthing, Timothy  an antique store owner, stocks a strange portrait of "Uncle Albert"  and a penny farthing bicycle. In a series of episodes, Uncle Arthur compels Timothy to mount the bicycle, and he is transported to an earlier era where he observes the apparently mourning Beatrice , who was young Albert\'s love interest. These travels place Timothy\'s girlfriend Ann  in peril. Features Neil Kennedy and Richard Connaught as the removal men. In Mel, Brian Thompson  brings home an old dead tree, which he lovingly calls Mel, mounting it in his modern home as a bizarre piece of objet d\'art. He increasingly shows unusual attention to Mel, angering his jealous wife Bella . In Luau literary agent Auriol Pageant  lasciviously courts a new client Kimo . However, he shows more interest in her beautiful young daughter Ginny . Auriol organises a sumptuous luau for him, as per the detailed instructions of Kimo\'s associate Keoki . However, it is actually a ceremony to assure Kimo\'s dying mother Malia  passage to "heaven" by appeasing a Hawaiian god, and a requirement is that he consume the flesh of a virgin: Ginny. Features Leslie Nunnerley as Vera. In the Epilogue, Nicholas has Tremayne himself declared insane, apparently for believing the patients\' bizarre accounts, but manifestations of the patients\' histories materialize, and "Mr. Tiger" kills Nicholas.'] ['The isolated Kelley family struggle with their small farm in a bleak landscape. A mysterious plane crash happens nearby. Then wild and domesticated animals and finally their handyman turn on the family and attack. It turns out a space alien  has taken over the minds of the lesser animals , working its way up to controlling humans as part of a plan to conquer the world. In the end, the family bond together, unite against the alien and their love conquers all.'] ['Kent Horvath  is a scientist, trying to invent a new pesticide, specifically for yellow jacket wasps. He tests it out on eight yellow jackets, to see how well it works. It kills six, out of the eight wasps, and the two who survived now have extremely high pheromone levels, resulting in increased aggression. That night, the janitor  accidentally releases them, and they both attack, and kill, him. The next morning, they find his body, along with one of the wasps, with the other one nowhere to be found. His body is taken to the morgue, where the mortician , hears a buzzing, from the janitors mouth, and opens it, freeing the, somehow, trapped wasp. It then proceeds to sting him, until he is dead. It then flys away. Meanwhile, Cristina Brown , a scientist, is teaching a class about bees. One young man,  relates to her a story about how he was once stung by a wasp, and suddenly six or seven other wasps attacked him. She tells him that was because when an insect attacks, it releases an attack pheromone, which tells all the other insects that they need to attack. The class is cut short, when she is called in about the mortician. Agent Doug Heydon,  tells her about Kent, and his research. She decides to go investigate. Meanwhile, Q  a bug exterminator, who is friends with Kent, is called by a family, who has a bad yellow jacket problem. He is out of pesticide, and goes to Kent to get some. Kent tells him not to take any of the new pesticide, in the red bottles, but a curious Q mixes it with the regular solution. As he sprays the nest, the results come back, of the analysis, of the hyper-aggressive wasp\'s venom. It has been learned that the venom is now incredibly strong, due to the new pesticide. Meanwhile, the Chief of Police , blackmails, Mayor Gibson , with evidence that he has been making covert meetings, with Phineas Washburn , a man who owns Washburn\'s Tasty Sauce, a company that makes a delicious steak sauce. It turns out Washburn made a large financial contribution to Gibson\'s reelection campaign. The Chief tells Gibson that he wants a large donation to his 401, before he retires. He leaves, with Gibson furious Meanwhile, Q puts the sprayed nest in his trash compactor, but about one quarter, of the nest, survives, including the queen. They chase Q to his truck, where he administers anti-venom, before passing out. The wasps then leave, and begin sending off attack pheromones, which, not only attract multiple other swarms, but also mutate them, to have extremely potent venom, as well. Meanwhile, Cristina and Kent, go to the home of a man who was stung to death, by the swarm, because they were attracted to the raw meat patties, on his grill. They find a dead wasp, on his clothes, and take it back to the lab, for analysis. Meanwhile, Q is awoken, by Rafe , the teenager he\'s watching for the summer. He and Rafe decide to go find and kill the swarm themselves. Back at the lab, the venom results show that the potency is identical to the strength of the wasp, that killed the janitor. They go tell Agent Heydon, and they all agree that the annual burger cook-off will attract the wasps right to all the people. Heydon goes to tell the Chief, as they go to tell Washburn that they have to cancel the cook-off. However, neither of them believe them, and are told not to mess the cook-off. Just after Heydon leaves the Chief, the swarm is attracted to his rare steak, and kill him, when he fights back. Eventually, Q and Rafe find the part of the swarm that stayed behind to finish off, the steak, with the pheromone detector, that Q took from Kent. Q uses a flamethrower to kill the swarm, but melts part of his van, in the process. Meanwhile, the single wasp that first killed the janitor, finds its way to Mayor Gibson\'s office, and kills him, by stinging his eye. His assistant, Ellie Martin,  finds his body, and chases the wasp, with a shotgun, eventually killing it. Kent and Cristina come, and ask her if she killed it. She says she "blew it to Kingdom Come." The cook-off then starts, and Heydon comes to try to convince Washburn, that they have to shut it down. But before he can, the swarm arrives, and begins attacking people. They kill a woman, Melanie Sheer , a mean reporter, while her camera man, Chuey , video tapes. Washburn hides in a dunk tank, but gets killed when two wasps, crawl down the hose that he is breathing through, and sting his mouth. Eventually, Kent and Cristina show up, and begin administering anti-venom, to the stung, and use tire patching spray, to close up the wasps\' breathing holes. Q also arrives and begins attracting the wasps to a golf cart, to trap them inside a garage. While he does so, Kent, Cristina, and Rafe begin gathering petrol tanks, and gasoline, so as to destroy the wasps, altogether. Q manages to get the wasps inside, and they ignite the gas, with Rafe\'s lighter. But the queen survives, and goes after Q, but is sucked up by Rafe, with the portable vacuum cleaner he was given, to vacuum up the dead wasps. He then throws it, into the fire. We then see Kent and Cristina, who are now in a relationship, going to dinner. The camera then zooms up to the charred vacuum, as we see the queen, who somehow survived, laying eggs.'] ['In Australia a hijack attempt is made on a van leaving a genetic engineering institute in New South Wales. The hijackers are thwarted by Security Guard Fred  who gets the cargo to an airport in Melbourne. A cancelled flight at the airport forces an unlikely mix of characters to board a chartered flight to Los Angeles rather than wait for a plane the following day. This includes a girls karate team, a businessman desperate not to miss a meeting in the US , and a mix of others including a group of scientists accompanied by Fred. Shortly into the flight it is revealed that one of the scientists, Scott Milhouse , planned the hijacking attempt. The van contained genetically modified scorpions intended to be used to develop new drugs to fight AIDS and cancer. The scorpions excessive size is blamed on the fact they were cloned and engineered using DNA from "loads of things", including prehistoric scorpions. Milhouse intends to sell specimens to an unknown third party. As Fred foiled the hijack attempt, Milhouse decides to steal some of the specimens himself. He attempts to move some of the specimens into a coffin in the plane\'s cargo hold when Fred interrupts. A fight ensues and Milhouse accidentally kills Fred. Milhouse moves the specimens before balancing the coffin on the edge of a container and leaving the hold. Soon thereafter the coffin tumbles from its perch and the scorpions are released. The scorpions grow to immense proportions and kill several members of the crew and passengers. The pilot, Captain Jack Russel, realises something is amiss when he finds his navigator dead in the cargo hold. His fears are confirmed when a scorpion drops into the cockpit and attempts to sting him. Milhouse\'s mental state deteriorates and he accidentally shoots the head scientist with Fred\'s gun, which also causes one of the plane\'s doors to open. Several people and all but one of the scorpions are sucked out of the plane. Milhouse is stung by the queen scorpion and the others lose track of him. Captain Jack loses his eyes to the scorpion, prompting his love interest Dr. Ryan to set out on a mission to kill the queen while Courtney, a member of the karate team, acts as Captain Jack\'s eyes in the cockpit. Ryan corners the queen at the plane\'s minibar, but Milhouse reappears and points out that he has been stung so many times that he is immune to the scorpion\'s venom. Ryan pushes Milhouse into the grip of the queen, then zaps the scorpion moments before the plane lands. Captain Jack and Ryan leave the plane together, having fallen in love. As everyone departs the plane, a normal-sized scorpion runs across the runway.'] ["The main character, Shirozuki, goes insane after his wife divorces him. He then proceeds to kill her and her family members but does not stop there. He plots a massacre in the city of Tokyo. Being an incredibly brilliant former scientist, Shirozuki mutates a regular octopus to grow 20 times its size. The octopus wreaks havoc and destruction in Tokyo like Shirozuki had planned. But, towards the end, Shirozuki realizes the horrible crime he has done. Not being able to live with his guilt, he arms himself with a grenade, then throws himself in the octopus's path. The octopus eats him and explodes. The citizens of Tokyo honor Shirozuki as if he were a hero, not knowing he was only destroying the monster he created."] ["A lonely boy named Danny Garrison befriends Ben, the rat leader of the swarm of trained/telepathic rats found in Willard. Ben becomes the boy's best friend, protecting him from bullying and keeping his spirits up in the face of a heart condition. However, things gradually take a downward turn as Ben's swarm becomes violent, resulting in several deaths. Eventually, the police destroy the rat colony with flame throwers, but Ben survives and makes his way back to Danny. The film closes with Danny, tending to the injured Ben, determined not to lose his friend."] ["The movie begins with a couple on a small sailboat who find a small island and begin to look around. The girl sneakily wanders off while the man ties up the boat. She stumbles across a fence and a small compound, but no one seems to be around. She is then attacked by unknown creatures. The man at the boat is startled by her screams. Cut to a seaplane heading to what appears to be the same island. Matt  and John  are two brothers that are heading to the island for a week of fun and relaxation. The island was owned by their uncle, who built a cabin on it. He recently died, and the island is otherwise uninhabited. The brothers are joined by three friends, Nicki , Sara , and Noah . They fly in on a seaplane, which they moor at a dock near the cabin. Soon after they arrive, a puppy shows up. The friends take him in to the cabin. Noah goes into the kitchen to get a drink. The puppy follows him in. The puppy then mysteriously growls at him and runs off. Sara and John then follow him out. They are ambushed by a pack of dogs and Sara is bitten. The pair manage to get back to the cabin. The following morning, the boys are in the forest. They bump into the man who came to the island at the beginning of the movie. He is bloody and warns them about the dogs. A pack of dogs attack and eat him. The boys run back to the cabin and tell the girls to come inside. A dog attacks Nicki and John shoots an arrow, wanting to kill the animal, but accidentally impales Nicki's ankle instead. They are soon under siege by more vicious dogs. The friends decide they must leave the island, but dogs have surrounded the plane. As they have no other way off the island, and no means of communication, they will have to wait out the dogs. A few minutes later, however, they see the plane has detached from its moorings and is drifting toward the ocean. The dogs have chewed through the ropes to force the friends out of the cabin, and when John attempts to swim to the plane the dogs are on the plane and then the dogs attack him. but he manages to swim to the dock then the friends retreat to the house. Sara begins to show distinct canine behavior, such as a ravenous appetite and growling. Their next idea is to make their way to a storage shed and drive their uncle's car to the training compound, where they believe they can call for help. The car won't start, however, and that night, with no other options, they continue to party. The power goes out, and Noah heads to the fuse box in the basement, where he is killed by dogs who have managed to enter the house. Dogs then find their way into the rest of the cabin, and Matt is bitten. John, Matt, Nicki and Sara have to hide in the attic. There, they discover paperwork relating to the training facility, and learn it was an Army facility to train attack dogs. The next morning, the dogs have left. Matt and John make another attempt and manage to pop the clutch of their uncle's Mercedes. They went back to pick up the girls but Sara does not want to leave. The dogs attack again, and in fighting one, Sara falls out of the window and impales herself and the dog on a post. Matt, John and Nicki drive to the facility, which is abandoned. They break in and find out that the dogs were being genetically enhanced. John finds communications equipment, but a power cable on the antenna has been disconnected, so he goes out to fix it. Matt, having been bitten, learns he can sense the dogs, and realizes if they escaped they can get back in. When the antenna is powered up, John is accidentally shocked by electricity, and when he falls to the ground the dogs attack him. Matt shows up with a baseball bat to fight off the dogs, but a power surge has caused a fire in the compound. Nicki realizes the fire is creating a backdraft, and lures in the dogs before exposing them to the fire. The building explodes. John tells Matt he saw a nearby boat, the same boat the couple brought to the island at the beginning of the movie. When dogs surround them, Nicki shows up in the Mercedes, they jump in and drive off. Because there are so many dogs, they cannot stop the car and get out, so John has Nicki drive the car off the pier. They swim to the boat and sail off. Thinking they are safe, they wonder if they can make it to medical facilities before Matt and John fall victim to the dog bites. In the last shot, they open the door to the sleeping quarters, and a vicious dog jumps out."] ['A serial killer, Butch , escapes prison and murders an officer, before posing as his victim so he can disappear in the remote Grizzly Park. To keep his cover, Butch picks up eight troubled young adults who are inducted into a rehabilitation program, in Grizzly Park, to serve a week of community service for their respective misdemeanors: Michael \'Scab\' White  is a white supremacist; Lola  is a Mexican tomboy; Bebe  is ditzy and dimwitted; Ty  is a computer wiz; Candy  is a shallow "it girl;" Ryan  is a spoiled rich kid; KiKi  is also spoiled and shallow; and Trickster  is mostly concerned with pulling pranks. Arriving at Grizzly Park, the group meet Ranger Bob  and Ranger Mike . Ranger Bob sets off with the group into the park, while Ranger Mike stays with Butch, who quickly stabs him to death before entering the park himself. However Butch is soon attacked and killed by a large Grizzly bear . Through their hike, the miscreant youths are given an opportunity to seek redemption; however this fails, as the group ignore Ranger Bob and instead spend the majority of the hike lusting after each other. Ty and Kiki sneak off from the group, but Ty becomes stuck in a wolf trap. His blood attracts a wolf which attacks and murders KiKi, before the grizzly bear murders Ty. The rest of the group reach the main camping site where they spend the night. In the morning, when Ty and KiKi have not arrived, Ranger Bob goes looking for them, leaving the group at the camp where they continue to lust for each other. At night, after hours of searching, Ranger Bob discovers the gory remains of Ty and KiKi, and begins to rush back to the camp, where the group are having a campfire. Scab leaves the group and inhales gas, while Trickster dresses up in a bear costume to scare the others. While Scab is on a drug trip, the bear attacks and murders him, his death going unnoticed due to Trickster\'s prank. However, soon after the bear attacks the group, decapitating Trickster and mauling Lola in half. Ryan, Candy and Bebe take shelter in a shed, but the bear attacks. Thinking the bear has left, Ryan opens a hatch; however the bear drags him out and begins to maul him to death. Candy and Bebe attempt to pull him back in, but his arms are torn from his body and he dies. Sometime later, the bear attacks the shed once more. Bebe escapes; however Candy becomes trapped and is killed. The following morning, Ranger Bob returns to find an upset Bebe. As Bebe prepares to leave the camp, Ranger Bob overhears her making a call to her friend telling her she had manipulated Ranger Bob and planned to murder him. As Bebe leaves the cabin, she encounters the bear and it kills her. Afterwards, a news reporter  is seen explaining the murders to be at the hands of Butch, who supposedly dressed up as a bear and killed the victims before escaping. It is revealed that Ranger Bob, in fact, trained the bear to kill the members of the group who had not learned from their previous mistakes.'] ['At the start of the film, the US Government has ordered a branch of the US Military to discontinue tests concerning "the C.H.U.D. project", which is built around the idea that enzymes taken from the sewer dwelling creatures from C.H.U.D. can make hyper-effective killing machines in the army. For reasons that are unclear even to those who watch the film, the last specimen of the experiment  is hidden away in a Centre for Disease Control in a small American town, where a trio of bumbling teenagers accidentally steal and reawaken him. Bud escapes and begins to forge an army of C.H.U.D.s.'] ['The movie\'s main character is storm chaser Jake Thorne , whose friend and former graduate school advisor. Dr. Joe Branson , has developed a machine that may be able to provide earlier tornado warnings. Samantha Callen  is a government auditor who must determine whether Dr. Branson\'s project warrants more funding. Jake must try to convince Samantha that the machine is worthwhile. During the process, Jake and Samantha become romantically attracted to each other, but powerful tornadoes threaten the lives of all the major characters. "Whoa! It\'s like a tornado out here!" is a famous quote by the well-known actor, Scott Hodges.'] ["Thorne Sherman and his first mate Griswold deliver supplies to a group on a remote island. The group, consisting of a scientist named Marlowe Cragis, his research assistant Radford Baines, the scientist's daughter Ann, her fiancee Jerry Farrel, and a servant named Mario, meet the captain and his first mate and advise them to stay with them in a house because a hurricane is approaching. Thorne goes but Griswold stays with the boat. On the island, a doctor works to make humans half-size. This, apparently, will reduce world hunger as smaller humans would presumably eat less. Unfortunately, his experiments have also created some giant, venomous shrews. Thorne and Ann begin to fall in love, which angers Jerry. As the shrews run out of smaller animals to eat, they eat Griswold and close in on the people in the house, ultimately breaking in through the basement. It is discovered that the shrews have a poisonous bite, as a small single bite is enough to kill Mario. The poison kills Radford, and the shrews force the group  out of the house to escape to Thorne's boat. They do this by making impromptu armor out of oil drums and crawl to the beach lashed inside them. Jerry is killed by the shrews after he changes his mind and chases after the others, but the rest of the crew  manage a successful escape to the boat."] ["The plot and subplots center on the movie's leading man, Paul Harris , a divorced high school teacher and basketball coach and his interactions during a killer rat infestation with a health department inspector ; a high school cheerleader, Trudy ; his students; and his friend, Dr. Spencer , a college professor and rat expert. Giant rats the size of small dogs living in mountains of grain full of steroids are rendered homeless when a health department inspector orders it burned. The rats migrate to a suburban home occupied by unsupervised high school students. The rats' first human victim is a toddler left unattended in a high chair. The next victim is a senior citizen, walking the snowy streets alone late at night. Scatman Crothers, who briefly plays a health department field inspector, is destined to become the next victim. Inspecting the bowels of the city's sewer system, he encounters a pack of rats. Scatman commences with 'the running of the rats' in the sewer, followed by his demise. Paul telephones his friend, a professor who is a rat expert, who instantly concludes that the steroid feed had spawned a new breed of 'super-rat' that had migrated into the sewers in search of food. Upon hearing this information, the Health Inspector immediately orders the fumigation of the entire city sewer system, which is immediately and efficiently carried out with no apparent effect. The futility of this action is confirmed when the rat expert himself is attacked and killed. The rats then move on to a bowling alley and a movie theater and make their first brazen mass attack on the unsuspecting public. The rats select the viewers of a Bruce Lee movie, resulting in numerous deaths and a scene of fleeing film patrons. Meanwhile, the city's mayor prepares to make an inaugural run of a new subway section - straight into a hungry pack of rats. Paul attempts to stop the festivities. He is forced to assault a cop and take his revolver. Paul proceeds down the tunnel and finds a disabled subway train with passengers just emerging from the cars. Paul meets his girlfriend and his son just as the rats attack. The three are able to escape down the tunnel and find refuge in a fenced-in maintenance area which is the rats nest. Fortunately, they discover cutting torches and drums of flammable liquids. They are able to burn all the rats. But in the final scene, as the three survivors reboard the subway train to reach safey, they only realize when the train reaches the station that several of the rats have survived, who are on the train itself and eating the remains of the dead subway victims. When the train arrives at the station, the rats attack all the people on the platform and the movie ends on this sudden and downbeat note."] ['The film opens with newspaper photojournalist Audrey Aimes  accidentally stumbling upon a small town in Illinois which has been inexplicably destroyed. All 150 people in the town are missing, and the evidence indicates they are dead. Incredibly, the local fields are also barren, as if a swarm of locusts had eaten all the crops. Aimes suspects that the military is covering something up, and travels to a nearby United States Department of Agriculture experimental farm to learn what creature might have caused the agricultural destruction. She meets Dr. Ed Wainwright , who is experimenting with radiation as a means of growing gigantic fruits and vegetables to end world hunger. Dr. Wainwright reports that there have been a number of mysterious incidents nearby, and that locusts have eaten all the radioactive wheat stored in a nearby grain silo. The tension in the film rises as the audience sees gigantic mutant locusts rampaging over the countryside. Dr. Wainwright and Ms. Aimes begin to track down the source of the mysterious occurrences, and quickly discover that the locusts which ate the grain have grown to the size of city bus. The monsters have eaten all the crops in the area, and now are seeking human beings as a means of sustenance. It is also clear that they are headed for the city of Chicago. Wainwright and Aimes meet with General Hanson , Colonel Sturgeon , and Captain Barton  to strategize a solution. Machine gun and artillery fire seem ineffective against the creatures, and there are far too many to effectively deal with all at once. The United States Army and Illinois National Guard are called upon to help protect the city. But the monsters quickly invade Chicago, and began to feast on human flesh as well as several buildings. General Hanson concludes that the only way to destroy the beasts en masse is to use a nuclear weapon and destroy Chicago. However, Dr. Wainwright realizes that the locusts are warm-weather creatures. He concludes that he might be able to lure the locusts into Lake Michigan. There, the cold water will incapacitate them, and they will drown. The lure itself will be a tape recording of the locust mating call. The plan is put into effect, and it works at the last possible moment. The monstrous locusts drown, but Dr. Wainwright and Ms. Aimes wonder if other insects or animals might have eaten other radioactive crops. They ponder whether the whole world might be facing an attack of monstrous creatures.'] ["The film opens with a military veteran helicopter pilot and guide Don Stober  flying individuals above the trees of a vast National Park. He states that the woods are untouched and remain much as they did during the time when the Native Americans lived there. Two female hikers are breaking camp when one of them is attacked and killed by a bear. The second woman finds apparent safety within a nearby cabin until the bear tears down a wall to reach her. The National Park's Chief Ranger Michael Kelly  and photographer Allison Corwin , daughter of the park's restaurant owner, decide to follow a Ranger to the primitive campsite to find the two female hikers. They discover the woman's mangled body inside the destroyed cabin. Allison stumbles across the remains of the first woman while photographing the search. At the hospital, a doctor tells Kelly that the women were killed by a bear. The Park Supervisor Charley Kittridge  blames Kelly, saying the bears were supposed to have been moved from the park by him and Naturalist Arthur Scott  before the tourist season began. Kelly and Kittridge argue over closing the park, and decide to move all hikers off the park's mountain while allowing campers to remain in the lowlands. Kelly calls Scott, who says all bears are accounted for and this specific bear must be unknown to the forest. Stopping for a break near a waterfall while searching the mountain, a female Ranger complains to her male partner that her feet are sore and she is going to go soak them in the stream. Her male partner goes on to search R4 while she approaches the waterfall to soak. She does not see the bear waiting for her under the falls and she is attacked and killed. Kelly recruits the helicopter pilot Stober to assist in the search. Flying above the forest, they see what they believe to be an animal, only to discover the Naturalist Scott adorned in an animal skin while tracking the bear. He informs them the animal they are looking for is a prehistoric grizzly bear  standing at least 15 feet tall. Kelly and Stober scoff at the notion. At the busy lowland campground, the grizzly tears down a tent and kills a woman. Kelly once again insists on closing the park, but Kittridge refuses. The attacks are becoming a national news story and to counteract this, Kittridge allows amateur hunters into the forest. Kelly, Stober and Scott, now a team, are disgusted by this development. Later, a lone hunter is chased by the bear but he evades the animal on foot, falling into a river and floating to safety. Later that night three hunters find a bear cub, that they believe is the cub of the killer grizzly, so they use it as bait for the mother. But the grizzly finds and eats the cub without the hunters noticing. Scott concludes that the bear must be a male. A Ranger at a fire lookout tower on the mountain is attacked by the grizzly, the animal tearing down the structure and killing the Ranger. Kelly and Kittridge continue to argue over closing the park. Frustrated by the politics of the situation, Scott sneaks away to track the grizzly on his own. On the outskirts of the National Park, a mother and child living in a cabin are attacked by the grizzly. The mother is killed and the child survives, but is severely mutilated. Stunned by this development, Kittridge finally allows Kelly to close the park and ban all hunters. Stober and Kelly now go after the elusive grizzly alone, setting up a trap by hanging a deer carcass from a tree. The grizzly goes for the bait and the men chase the animal through the woods. When they return, they discover the grizzly has tricked them and taken the deer carcass. Tracking on horseback, Scott finds the remains of the carcass and calls Stober and Kelly on the radio. He is going to drag the deer behind his horse and create a trap by leading the grizzly towards them. The grizzly surprises Scott, killing his horse and knocking him unconscious. Scott awakens to find himself alive, but half-buried in the ground. The grizzly immediately returns and kills him. Kelly and Stober discover Scott's body and in despair, decide to return to the helicopter to find the grizzly from the air. They immediately spot the bear in a clearing and quickly land. The grizzly attacks the helicopter, swiping the craft causing Stober to be thrown clear. The grizzly kills Stober and then turns on Kelly, who frantically pulls a bazooka from the helicopter. Before the bear can reach him, Kelly fires the bazooka at the grizzly, killing the animal instantly. For several seconds, Kelly sadly stares at the burning remains of the grizzly and then walks towards Stober's body.  Released in May 1976, less than one year after Jaws, Grizzly was criticized as being a thinly veiled rip-off of the now-classic shark thriller.{{cite web}}{{cite news}} Like Jaws, Grizzly has an unusually large animal preying upon unsuspecting tourists, one of whom is played by Susan Backlinie, who also played the shark's first victim in the celebrated opening scene of Jaws. Christopher George plays Chief Ranger Michael Kelly, skilled at his job but lacking experience when dealing with the dangers of bears, a role similar to Roy Scheider's Police Chief Martin Brody in Jaws. Kelly must rely on the expertise of naturalist Arthur Scott , just as Brody recruits marine scientist Matt Hooper . Kelly is thwarted by Supervisor Charley Kittridge , who refuses to close the National Park for political reasons. In Jaws, Brody is refused permission to close the summer beaches by Mayor Larry Vaughn . A bounty is put on the grizzly bear, just as an award is offered for the shark in Jaws. The bounty leads to chaos, as hundreds of hunters fill the woods in Grizzly, while huge numbers of boats filled with hunters leave the harbor in Jaws. During the final hunt for the grizzly bear, Kelly is led by helicopter pilot, Vietnam War veteran and forest guide Don Stober , just as Brody's shark expedition is led by boat captain, World War II veteran and sea guide Quint ([[Robert Shaw . The bear in Grizzly is killed in similar fashion to the shark in Jaws in that both creatures' destruction is dramatized by a large explosion."] ['Mineralogist Paul Carlson  is struck by a lunar meteorite while observing a meteor shower. Lodged in his brain, the meteorite causes him to transform into a strong and vicious lizard  whenever the moon comes out. In his lizard form, Paul loses all traces of his human self and goes about killing people at random. While human, Paul is subject to spells of dizziness and nausea, causing his girlfriend Kathy Nolan  and friend and former teacher Johnny Longbow  to become concerned. Eventually it is shown that Paul is the monster, and deduced that the meteorite fragment in his brain is the cause of his transformations. Plans are made to remove it from his skull, but the NASA brain surgeons realize, after another X-ray and Johnny remembering some Native American legends documenting similar phenomena, that the meteorite has disintegrated and will eventually cause Paul to self-combust. When Paul learns of this, he escapes into the desert, presumably to kill himself so he will not cause any more harm. Kathy, Johnny, and the local law enforcement follow him, and Johnny shoots him with an arrow made of the original meteorite, which causes him to explode.'] ["Dr. Terror's House of Horrors is a portmanteau film consisting of five stories within a frame story. Five men enter a train carriage in London bound for Bradley, and are joined by a sixth, the mysterious Doctor Schreck . Schreck is the German word for terror, hence the title of the film. It also recalls Max Schreck, the actor who played the title role in the 1922 vampire classic Nosferatu. During the journey, the doctor opens his pack of Tarot cards and proceeds to reveal the destinies of each of the travellers. This provides the framework to tell five horror stories. The first story concerns an architect, Jim Dawson ([[Neil McCallum , who travels to a Scottish island to his former house to make alterations requested by the new owner, Mrs. Biddulph . Mrs. Bidduplh is described as a widow who bought the house to seek solitude to recover from the death of her husband. Behind a fake wall in the cellar, he finds the coffin of Count Cosmo Valdemar, who had owned the house centuries ago. Valdemar was killed in a conflict with the Dawson family, and had vowed to exact revenge on the owner of the house and reclaim his former home. Dawson soon discovers that Valdemar is emerging to take the form of a werewolf in the night, and believes the house maid was killed by him. Believing the owner, Mrs. Biddulph's life to be in danger, he melts a cross made out of silver by his ancestors to protect the house from Valdemar's spirit, to make silver bullets, which according to legend are the only means of killing a werewolf. On the night he encounters the wolf as it is about to attack Mrs. Biddulph and shoots, he is baffled that the bullets don't kill it. Mrs. Biddulph then reveals that she had switched the silver bullets with ordinary ones. She reveals to Dawson that the true legend was that Valdemar would exact revenge on the last descendants of the Dawson clan, and that the placing of Dawson's body in place of Valdemar's in the coffin, would bring Valdemar back to life in human form. She reveals she was Valdemar's wife who had deliberately lured Dawson to kill him, even after 200 years. The second story has Bill Rogers  and his family returning from vacation to discover a fast-growing vine has installed itself in the garden. When the plant seems to respond violently to attempts to cut it down, Rogers goes to the Ministry of Defence, where he gets advice from a couple of scientists . It soon turns out that the plant has become intelligent, and harbours homicidal tendencies towards any threats to its existence. Story three is the intentionally humorous one. Biff Bailey  is a jazz musician who accepts a gig in the West Indies, and foolishly steals a tune from a local voodoo ceremony. When he tries to use the tune as a melody in a jazz composition back in London, there are dire consequences. Castle was a last-minute replacement for Acker Bilk, who had suffered a heart attack. Castle's band was played by the Tubby Hayes Quintet, a leading British modern jazz group of the time. Castle, when appearing to play with the band on-screen, actually mimes the trumpet part to the soundtrack recording of trumpeter Shake Keane. Next is the tale of Franklyn Marsh , an art critic who seems more concerned with his own devastating wit than art itself. Painter Eric Landor  bears the brunt of one of Marsh's tirades, but gets even by humiliating the critic publicly. When Landor takes it too far, Marsh responds in violent fashion causing Landor to lose one of his hands. Unable to paint any more, Landor commits suicide. Marsh is then tormented by the disembodied hand, which seems immune to fire as well as escaping attempts at containing it. Lastly, Dr. Bob Carroll  returns to his home in the United States with his new French bride Nicolle . Soon there is evidence that a vampire is on the loose, and Carroll seeks the aid of his colleague Dr. Blake , only to find out that his bride is the vampire. Following Blake's advice, Carroll kills Nicolle. But when the police come to arrest Carroll under the charge of his wife's murder, Blake denies giving any such advice. When the police takes away Carroll, Blake says that there is not enough place in the city for two doctors or two vampires, and he himself turns into a bat. The frame story ends with a twist: From the Tarot cards, the doctor informs the men that the only way they can avoid these horrible destinies is by dying first. When the train stops, the men find out that they are dead, having already perished in a train wreck; and Doctor Schreck is revealed to be Death himself."] ['Daniel Kintner  and Susan Watkins  are an American couple frustrated that their hard-working lives don\'t allow them to spend much time together. They decide to pack up and head out on a scuba diving vacation to help relieve their everyday stress and improve their relationship. On their second day, Daniel and Susan join a group scuba dive. Some on board their boat express nervousness about sharks, but the dive instructor dismisses the danger with a joke. A head count is taken, and the passenger total is recorded as 20. Daniel and Susan get in the water along with the rest of the divers. One man, Seth, finds that he has forgotten his mask. He is upset over it and he gets verbally pushy with the boat\'s crew, but knowing the expectations of safe diving practices, he grudgingly remains on the boat. Daniel and Susan decide to separate briefly from the group while underwater. Meanwhile, a woman who is having problems with pressure equalization returns early to the boat with her partner. Including Seth, there are now three people back on the boat, and this is recorded by one of the crew as three "ticks" on their tally sheet. After this tally, Seth asks to borrow the mask of the woman who just returned, and he pressures the woman\'s reluctant dive partner into another dive with him. The two men leave the boat, but the dive tally sheet is not changed because the crew member maintaining it did not see them depart. Hence, there are still three ticks on the sheet instead of just one. Half an hour later, the rest of the group begins returning to the boat, and during that period the crew member diligently increments the tally as each diver arrives back on board. Going by the tally sheet, the total now on board comes to 20, though in reality the accurate count is 18. Daniel and Susan, having separated from the group earlier, are still underwater and have not yet realized that the others have all returned. The boat leaves the site, and although several belongings of Daniel and Susan are sitting openly in the passenger area of the boat, most individuals in the dive group do not know others beyond their dive partners, so no one happens to associate the stored belongings of Daniel and Susan with their absence on the boat. Not long after the boat leaves, Daniel and Susan return to the surface and look for it. They see a boat, presumably the dive boat, gradually disappearing in the distance. They believe the group will return to recover them in reasonable time, as they assume someone on board the boat will notice their belongings. Stranded at sea, Daniel and Susan rehash a few old disputes, bicker about the wisdom of swimming for occasional boats seen in the distance, battle bouts of hunger and mental exhaustion, and later realize by looking down through the water while wearing their masks that they have likely drifted far from the dive site. In addition to the worry that their rescue may be growing less certain, they also realize that sharks have been circling them below the surface. Susan is worried about the sharks, but Daniel tries to calm her, saying, "Sharks are attracted to wounded fish," and concludes that they should try to stay calm and not splash around. Soon, jellyfish appear and sting Daniel and Susan, while several times sharks are coming in very close, seemingly trying to determine if the couple are viable prey. Susan receives a small bite on the leg from a shark, but doesn\'t immediately realize it. Daniel notices this as he goes under to check out the light "nipping" feeling she has. He sees that it is a small fish feeding on the exposed flesh of her bite wound, but he does not tell Susan that the wound is a shark bite. Later, a shark bites Daniel and the wound begins to bleed profusely. Susan removes her weight belt and uses it to apply pressure to Daniel\'s wound. He appears to begin to go into shock. Susan is now very afraid, telling him to "just keep breathing." The tight-fitting neoprene wetsuits are apparently keeping them from fully realizing they have been sustaining small bites. After night falls, during a strong storm, sharks return and attack Daniel again, killing him. The next morning, the belongings of Daniel and Susan are finally noticed on the long-since-moored boat by an arriving member of its crew. He opens their duffel bag and finds their scuba certification cards with their photos on them, and suddenly he remembers the couple clearly and realizes they must have been left out at the dive site the previous day. A search for the couple is begun in earnest. Meanwhile Susan, having held on to Daniel through the night, realizes he is dead and releases him into the water, where sharks attack him in a feeding frenzy. Susan turns away from the lifeless bobbing movement of Daniel\'s floating body as the sharks pull him under. After putting on her mask, she looks beneath the surface and sees several large sharks now circling her. One seems to dart in her direction. Susan looks around one last time for any sign of coming rescue, and seeing none, removes her scuba gear, pushes it away, removes her mask, and goes underwater to drown before the sharks can attack. After Susan slips below the water\'s surface, the film scene flashes elsewhere, revealing a fishing crew cutting open a newly-caught shark\'s abdomen and stomach, and finding a waterproof diving camera, ostensibly that of Daniel and Susan. One of the fishermen asks off-handedly to another, "Wonder if it works?"'] ['{{Plot}} On the remote Petrie\'s Island, farmer Ian Bellows goes missing and his wife contacts the local constabulary. Constable John Harris goes looking for him and finds him dead in a cave without a single bone in his body. Horrified, Harris swiftly fetches the town physician Dr. Reginald Landers, but Dr. Landers is unable to determine what happened to the dead man\'s skeleton. Landers journeys to the mainland to seek the help of a noted pathologist, Dr. Brian Stanley in London. Like Landers, Stanley is unable to even hypothesize what could have happened to Ian Bellows, so both men seek out Dr. David West, an expert on bones and bone diseases. Although Stanley and Landers interrupt West\'s dinner date with the wealthy jetsetter Toni Merrill, West is intrigued by the problem and so agrees to accompany the two doctors back to Petrie\'s Island to examine the corpse. In order for them to reach the island that much faster, Toni offers the use of her father\'s private helicopter in exchange for the three men allowing her to come along on the adventure. Once back at Petrie\'s Island, Toni\'s father\'s helicopter is forced to return to the mainland so he can use it, leaving the foursome effectively stranded on Petrie until the helicopter can return. West and Stanley learn that a group of oncology researchers led by Dr. Lawrence Phillips, seeking a cure for cancer, have a secluded castle laboratory on the island. Paying a visit to Phillips\' lab however reveals that he and his colleagues are just as dead  as Ian Bellows. Reasoning that whatever it is must have begun in that lab, West, Stanley and Landers gather up Phillips\' notes and take them to study them. From them they learn than in his quest to cure cancer, Phillips may have accidentally created a new lifeform from the silicon atom. Thinking the doctors are at the castle, Constable Harris bikes up there looking for them to tell them about the discovery of a dead, boneless horse, only to wander into the laboratory\'s "test animals" room and be attacked and killed by an offscreen tentacled creature, the result of Dr. Phillips\' experiments. The creatures are eventually dubbed "silicates" by West and Stanley, and kill their victims by injecting a bone-dissolving enzyme into their bodies. The silicates are also incredibly difficult to kill, as Landers learns when he tries and fails to kill one at the castle with an axe when they first encounter them. After learning all they can from the late Dr. Phillips\' notes, West and Stanley recruit the islanders, led by "boss" Roger Campbell and store owner Peter Argyle , to attack the silicates with anything they\'ve got: bullets, petrol bombs, and dynamite all fail to even harm the silicates. But when one is found dead, apparently having ingested a rare isotope called Strontium-90 from Phillips\' lab , West and Stanley realize they must find more of the isotope at the castle and figure out how to contaminate the remaining silicates with it before it is too late. They obtain enough isotope to contaminate a herd of cattle - at the cost of Stanley\'s right hand, when he\'s grabbed by a silicate - and the silicates feed on these and begin to die. The story ends with evacuation and medical teams inbound from the mainland and West commenting on how fortunate they were that this outbreak was confined to an island. Had it happened on the mainland, he notes, they might never have stopped them in time. This sets up an epilogue and a visit to the satellite program, in Japan, where the techs are duplicating Phillips\' work - with the inevitable result. A technician walks down a corridor, hears a strange noise and investigates before screaming.'] ['When a series of unexplained vicious animal attacks strikes his community, Sheriff Jim Tanner and his assistant Barbara trace them back to a Dr. Hyde, a former military researcher whose government funding for a dinosaur cloning project was cut. When the Pentagon discovers Hyde obtained foreign backing to continue his experiments, they send in a strike team to save Tanner and Barbara and stop Hyde.'] ["Unable to leave the germ-free confines of his sterilized bedroom for any real stretch of time, environmentally hypersensitive Marvin  spends his days taking pictures of his neighbors from his window. Occasionally catching glimpses of his young sister Rosy  hanging out with the neighborhood drug dealer, Marvin's lens remains mostly fixed on a mysterious neighbor known as the Garbageman  and pretty neighbor Carmen , while his slightly overbearing mother  rests on the couch. As neighbors begin disappearing and mysterious figures move in and out of Marvin's viewfinder, the secluded voyeur begins to suspect that a sinister force is at work in his neighborhood. Though Rosy and Carmen are anxious to assist in a little detective work, the situation soon begins to spiral out of control upon the discovery that the Judas Breed is far from extinct."] ["An enormous and angry 35-foot Great White Shark begins attacking humans when they build a beach just for swimmers by Port Harbor, a coastal town. Despite repeated attacks, the mayor does nothing to stop it as he doesn't want tourists to hear about it and stop coming. Enter the heroes: Peter Benton , a novelist who wrote a book about sharks, and Ron Hamer , an old seadog who has a personal grudge against this shark and wants it dead. They sail into the middle of the ocean to save stranded people and stop the monster. Eventually, Ron drowns, but Peter, remembering the explosives inside his wetsuit, feeds Ron's corpse to the shark and ignites it, blowing the shark to pieces. Peter swims to Port Harbor and returns home."] ["The film begins when a couple disappear while having a romantic night out on a yacht near the Pacific Northwest resort community, Grave's Point. The next day, local fisherman Whip Dalton  finds the empty lifeboat from the missing yacht and finds a large claw stuck into the boat. Whip sends the claw to a university to be analyzed and it ends up in the hands of marine biologist Dr. Herbert Talley , who comes to Grave’s Point claiming it is from the tentacle of a Giant squid. The island harbor master Schuyler Graves  tries to hire Whip to kill the squid, but he refuses, so Graves sends out Lucas Coven  instead. Coven succeeds in slaying the squid and the carcass is promptly sold by Graves to Sea Land Texas owner Osborne Manning . Dr. Talley then organizes a submersible expedition to explore the squid’s habitat. But after analyzing the carcass of the dead squid, the scientists determine it is just a baby. The information comes too late and the huge adult squid attacks the submersible and everyone on board is killed. Whip then agrees to go out and hunt the giant squid but only if he can use his boat and Graves goes with him. He is also accompanied by coast guard officer, Lt. Kathryn Marcus , Dr. Talley, and Manning. They plan to snare the squid, reel it in, and shoot it multiple times with darts full of cyanide. The plan succeeds and the squid appears dead. But when the ship’s engine breaks down, Manning reveals that he filled the darts with tranquilizer instead of cyanide so he could take the squid alive back to Sea Land. Whip tries to cut the squid loose, but it wakes up and attacks the ship. Talley, Graves, and Manning are killed. A coast guard helicopter arrives in time to pick up Kathryn and Whip. As he boards the chopper, Whip fends the squid off with an axe, chopping open several extra fuel drums and having Kathryn use a flare gun to light his boat on fire, causing an explosion that finally incinerates and kills the giant squid. The helicopter flies them back to the shore where they reunite with Whip's daughter Dana ."] ["As a child, Ray Reiter  was the sole survivor when a giant squid, or kraken, attacked his parents' boat. In the present, marine archaeologist Nicole  and her assistants Michael  and Jenny  are searching for a legendary opal and a Trojan death mask in the same area. During an outing Nicole's boat is attacked and the boat's captain is killed leaving everyone in a panic frenzy. The survivors are forced to return to shore and begin to fix their boat while searching for a new skipper. Ray, a sea creature hobbyist pays a visit after learning about the circumstances of the previous skipper's death on the news. While Nicole is suspicious she allows Ray to join the team in return that he fixes her boat. Maxwell Odemus , Nicole's competitor, arrives to taunt Nicole and then offer to join forces with her, but she declines as he tends to steal other people's archaeological finds to sell on the black market. Eventually, Nicole and Ray find the likely spot for the opal and return to shore to prepare themselves for the retrieval mission. That night, Maxwell has one of his goons, Ike  pay off a drunken Michael to learn where Nicole & crew are going, then has their boat burned. Recognizing the distress and broken-dreamed Nicole, Ray buys a new boat using his life savings, and the crew heads back out. Maxwell uses the co-ordinates acquired from Michael to drive out to the treasure spot and his group attack when Nicole's team arrive. Holding Michael, Jenny, and Sally hostage to force Nicole and Ray to cooperate and dive for the artifacts even though the squid is certainly waiting below, Maxwell gets Ike to shoot Micheal, who dies not too long after. Sally, Jenny, and Nicole still are in a fish container that starts flooding from the Kraken attacking the boat. Ray emerges from the water and climbs onto the ship and frees Sally and Nicole and leave Micheal's corpse. In the battle that ensues, the Kraken kills Ike, Jenny, Sally, and Maxwell before being killed by Nicole and Ray. The boat sinks, while Nicole and Ray are safe and Ray saved the mask. The opal is last seen on the bottom of the sea and the film cuts into credits."] ['The movie begins when a fisherman is killed by a mysterious monster. Two government agents later find the body on the beach. One of the agents, Ted, tries to get a sample of a radio-active rock in the sea, but the same monster attacks him. Ted is able to escape and return to the beach. On a later trip with the other agent, the monster nearly kills Ted, but the other agent is able to shoot it with a spear gun. Ted discovers that Dr. King, a marine biologist, created the monster and the radioactive rock. Ted tells Dr. King how the monster is killing innocent people and that it must be stopped. After Dr. King destroys his lab he goes to kill his creation using dynamite. Shortly before detonation, the monster grabs him. The dynamite explodes, destroying the rock and killing the monster and Dr. King. Ted arrives just in time to witness the explosion.'] ['As stated in the copy of one release of this film, "THE SUCKLING has been compared to Alien for its claustrophobic intensity and Die Hard for its non-stop action." Given the film\'s low budget and technical flaws, discerning filmgoers may disagree.The Suckling DVD at Horrortalk.com'] ["{{plot}} After a marine fish and game officer is attacked and bitten in half by something unseen in the Black Lake, Aroostook County, Maine, Sheriff Hank Keough , Fish and Game officer Jack Wells , American Museum of Natural History paleontologist Kelly Scott , and mythology professor/crocodile enthusiast Hector Cyr  set out to the lake to investigate. A series of strange events occur, including Kelly and Hank's canoe mysteriously flying into the air and flipping, the discovery of both a severed toe and a severed Moose head, and the decapitation of a Fish and Game deputy. Later, during an argument between parties, a giant saltwater crocodile leaps out of the water and drags a nearby bear into the lake. Jack, Kelly, and Hank then visit Delores Bickerman , one of few people living on the lake. After finding a man's severed head, they witness her feeding the crocodile with a blindfolded cow. Delores reveals to have been feeding the crocodile for years after it followed her husband home. It eventually killed him. She is placed under house arrest for originally lying to the police. Hector decides to take one of Hank's deputies on a trip in the helicopter, and lands the helicopter in the cove where the crocodile lives. While he is diving, it attacks him, but he escapes. Jack and Hank plan to allow Florida Fish and Game to kill the crocodile when they arrive, but Hector suggests instead that he lure it out of the water and drug it. Jack reluctantly accepts the proposal and they use one of Delores' cows, dangled from the helicopter, as bait. After a few hours, the crocodile turns up and lunges at the cow. Hector pulls up, loses the cow, and crashes the helicopter into the lake. The crocodile comes on land and attacks Jack and Kelly. Kelly is knocked into the lake but makes it to the helicopter just in time. Despite Hector and Kelly's protests to let the animal live, Jack grabs a gun and shoots it, but the gun is revealed to be a tranquilizer rifle. As Hector comes out of the water, a second crocodile attacks him, but Hank blows it up with his grenade launcher. Florida Fish and Game arrive seconds later. They load the crocodile on a truck and take it to Portland, Maine until they can figure out what to do with it. The last scene shows Delores feeding bread crumbs to many baby crocodiles, implying the two adults were a mating pair. During the end credits, the surviving adult crocodile is seen tied to the back of a flat-bed truck, speeding down a road."] ['Dan "Dash" Dashiell  is a retired Olympic skier who works at a ski resort in the mountains of Utah. On a restricted side of the mountain, Dr. April Sommers  is working on creating a new breed of spider with several others. When a group of teen skiers arrives at the mountain, Chad  challenges Dash to a race. The two show some impressive moves as the others look on. When Dash reaches a large rocky slope, he turns back and goes down another way rather than risk a leg injury like the one that ruined his career. As Dash makes it to the bottom, He meets Dr. Sommers. While they talk for a while, Frank  takes the teens inside the resort. After a brief discussion, Dr. Sommers returns to the lab, where she finds dead scientists everywhere. She finds the sole survivor cocooned in a spider web. He warns Dr. Sommers about the spiders escaping and then slowly dies. When she turns to leave, the last spider remaining at the lab, a mutated Black Widow, attacks her and forces her into a locked office. She finds an alarm and engages it, which alerts Professor Marks  and Army Captain Baker  who are elsewhere on the mountain, to her location. Meanwhile, back at the lodge, Dash meets up with Ranger Rick  who asks Dash to assist him in finding two hunters who did not return to their homes. When they find the hunters\' truck parked, they dismount their snowmobiles and take a look around. Dash finds a mutilated Elk and thinks it was killed by a bear. He shoots a flare to summon Rick. When Rick arrives, they find the body of one of the hunters. When they reach a huge spider web, they find the other hunter, cocooned in the web. As they turn to run, Rick is snagged by a web and is dragged to a spider that kills him as Dash watches in horror. Dash makes it back to the hunters\' truck and hot-wires it to get away. Back at the lab, Professor Marks, Captain Baker, and a squad of soldiers enter the compound and find Dr. Sommers, who tries to warn them of the danger. Inside the lab, the spider attacks and kills a soldier. Dr. Sommers steals records of the experiment and realizes Professor Marks deliberately accelerated the spiders\' growth, which makes them larger, faster, and stronger. She drives back to the lodge. When Dr. Sommers meets up with Frank and Johnny, a man comes in and screams for help. Frank and Dr. Sommers watch as the spiders kill several guests, including the teens\' ski coach. Frank sees the teens hiding in a shed, leads them to a bus and gets them safely inside. Chad gets the keys and drives off, crashing the bus into a snow bank and causing it to fly off of the road. Dash returns to the hotel and helps secure it. When he and Dr. Sommers search the basement, a spider gets in and almost attacks them, but they stun it with a fire extinguisher and lock it in the basement. Back in the lobby, a spider crawls in through the chimney and kills two guests before Dash impales it with the antlers of a mounted deer head. Meanwhile, on the crashed bus, after checking the area, Frank makes sure the kids are okay. However, one of them is unconscious and injured. They think of a way to get out as the black widow tries to get in. Eventually, Franks traps the spider and the kids escape. Frank is almost killed but is rescued thanks to the timely arrival of Captain Baker and his squad. Back at the lodge, Dash devises a plan with Captain Baker over a radio to trap the spiders. He takes his skis and leads the spiders to a snowboard half-pipe, which Baker and his men are blocking off. Johnny heads toward an avalanche cannon ands waits for Dash\'s signal. At the half-pipe, the spiders are captured and Dash signals Johnny, who blows the spiders up. Professor Marks, who had been opposed to killing the spiders, charges at Dash and tries to kill him. Marks falls down the side of the half-pipe to the last spider, which kills him as Baker shoots the beast. A government agent then arrived with a group of military soldiers that begins erasing all traces of evidence. The agent demands that the survivors keep quiet about recent events and explains the cover up, being a spill of hallucinogenic chemicals.'] ["The film takes place in a theater late at night as a troupe of actors are rehearsing a musical about a mass murderer known as the Night Owl. The show's leading lady, Alicia , sprains her ankle and she and the wardrobe mistress, Betty , sneak out of the rehearsal to go to a doctor. But the closest medical facility is a mental hospital. The psychiatrist on duty is only happy to help, but the wardrobe mistress notices a restrained patient on a bed lying in a room behind bars. The doctor tells them that it is Irving Wallace, a former actor who went berserk and killed over a dozen people. Unbeknownst to any of them, Wallace has killed one of the attendants with a syringe and sneaked out of the asylum, hiding in the back of Betty's car. Once they arrive back at the theater the over-bearing director  fires Alicia for leaving during rehearsal. She packs her things and gets ready to leave, but makes a terrifying discovery in the parking lot...Betty's murdered corpse. After the police have taken the body away and stationed two patrol officers in the parking lot to keep an eye on the premises, the director has one of his actresses hide the theater's key so no one can leave, as he has decided to alter the play's script. Instead of being an anonymous killer, he renames the show's antagonist Irving Wallace, and he wants everyone to stay the night and begin immediate rehearsals with the new material. But things become even more nightmarish when the real Wallace disembowels the actress who hid the key, and the remaining members of the cast and crew realize that there is no way to escape the psychopath's clutches."] ["{{Plot}} On a remote island, a Primal Park security guard on break chases a piece of paper into a locked restricted area. Suddenly a sabre-tooth cat appears and tears him apart, killing him. Niles sends Alan off to perform an inspection, while he waits for his ex-brother in law Grant to arrive. Grant arrives with Autumn, teasing Niles about his failures. Niles takes them up to the hotel where other potential investors are waiting. In the security center, they get a code orange on Gate 4. Savannah and Sundip ignore it, but Alan insists on going to check it. Five students fly to the island  to complete a scavenger hunt as their initiation into the Phi Beta fraternity and sister sorority. Niles greets the five students and takes them up to the hotel to get checked in. Back in Section 3, Savannah greets him wearing nothing but her underwear and a pair of handcuffs which leads to the two having sexual intercourse. Alan arrives at the malfunctioning gate and discovers that it really is a code orange . He calls Sundip to tell him, then goes in further and finds the dead guard. Suddenly one of the sabretooths jumps out of the bushes and kills him. Sundip radios Savannah to let her know about the breach. Robbie and Kirk arrive at a shopping center complex to look for their items and break into the building. The girls follow them in. Savannah arrives at the lab area and learns that the cats have not returned to their pens for feeding. Niles does his presentation to the investors about Primal Park: a five-star resort, amusement park, and zoo. Afterwords, Niles goes around and individually meets the investors. Savannah recommends shutting down the park and Niles refuses. He orders her to get the cats back in their cages. Kirk and Robbie set off an alarm while trying to get into one room, forcing them to hide. The girls meet up with them, then Robbie and Alys go off to try to disable the alarms. Robbie and Alys hijack the computer system to turn off the cameras which also turns off the electrical fencing and opens the gates to the enclosures where the sabretooths are held. Sundip arrives at the Section 4, finds the remains of the dead guard and Alan and tries to call Savannah. The system shut down prevents the radios from getting signals. He decides to hunt for the male sabretooth and he fires at the corpse of a wild pig by accident, thinking it was the cat, the sabretooth then jumps from behind and kills Sundip with a bite to the neck. Back in the shopping center, the group splits up to find their objects. Savannah and Brian discover the power is out and that the cats have free run of the island. Brian meets up with Sachariah in the park area, where Sachariah lets him know he was able to get the cats back in their pens. While they are walking around, Sachariah warns Brian that three men have been in relationships with Savannah and have died in horrible ways. Robbie and Alys find the cotton candy machine bowl he needs for the scavenger hunt while searching outside the shopping center. Back inside, Savannah and Brian discover they can not get the system back up. Niles shows Grant a video showing the over view of the hotel, amusement park, and zoo then leads the investors off to the shopping area. Kirk gets into a souvenir shop where he finds the shell he needs. Collette and Alaina go into the same shop after he leaves and finds the ceremonial spear Alaina needs. They girls and Robbie meet up at the front of the building, but get split up again when they run from the approaching party goers. Brian goes to check the main switch board, almost running into Robbie and Alaina. The pair ends up in one of the labs where they find an incubator and sabretooth fetuses in jars. Alaina gets disgusted and leaves, going back out into the hall. the male sabretooth appears and despite Alaina's attempt to stay still, the sabretooth pounces onto her and rips her head off. Robbie hears her screaming and runs to help, arriving in time to have the cat throw her head at him and spray him with blood. Robbie runs back to the lab and hides in the incubator. Kirk runs into a drunk girl named Sharona, from the investor party. Sachariah tells Savannah that the cats are lose due to the power failure opening the doors. She plans to kill the cats, despite Sachariah's objections. Brian finds Alys and Collette, but they manage to get away from him. They run into Alaina's bloody trail and find her head. Brian catches up to them and learns there are two more kids to find. Grant plans to leave, but Autumn says she's feeling ill so Niles takes them to his office to rest. Back at his office, Niles reveals to Grant what the zoo will feature, a mated pair of nearly 800&nbsp;lbs sabretooth cats. Then Niles reveals that he won't let Grant have any investment in the park. Grant says he doesn't believe he really has the cats, then waits for Niles to leave so Autumn can crack the safe and steal Nile's research patents and data. Brian and the girls arrive at the lab and find Robbie. Savannah is finally able to reach Brian on the radio, but the transmissions are too garbled for them to understand each other. He tries to lead the students to safety, but they run into the female sabretooth who begins to growl at them. Brian hides the students in a nearby room, before he uses himself as bait to lure the female sabretooth into the lab, he secures the door and he then opens some flammable gas containers before exiting out the lab by another door, he throws a lighter into the room, resulting in an explosion that kills the sabretooth. Brian lets the students know there is another, larger male out there, and continues leading them through the compound. Kirk and Sharona go back to the store where he found the shell to make out. The male sabretooth appears and kills Sharona. Kirk gets away and runs off. Brian and the kids run into Sachariah, who lets them know that they actually bred three cats, not two. The third one, which Niles had kept secret, is a 1 ton animal that can only move around by dragging itself around on its front legs. He also explains that all three cats are bulimic, so they can't keep down much food and have to kill and eat constantly. Savannah goes back to the party again and tells Niles about the dead girl and that she thinks the cat is headed for area 15. Niles blows off the kid's death as something he can pay off and Savannah stalks off in anger. Back in the compound, Robbie lets Sachariah know that he's the one who put the virus into the system and says he can restore the system if they can get back to the control center. Meanwhile, Brian goes to talk to Niles and lets him know one cat is dead and asks where Savannah is. Niles orders him to find the cats and keep them safe, but Brian refuses and tells him its over. Kirk is killed by the male sabretooth, whose has climbed up onto the ceiling pipes. Brian hears him scream, but is too late. The cat throws the head down at him and Brian manages to shoot it before it runs off. Sachariah gets the kids to the security center, where they search for the back up disks while Sachariah watches at the door as the cat closes in on them. While Robbie restores the backup, Sachariah goes out into the hall. The lights come on just in time for the male cat to kill Sachariah. Savannah comes back to the investors party armed, and announces that everyone needs to go back to the hotel because some dangerous animals are lose. Grant and Autumn, lost in the park, walk past one of the cats. It knocks Grant's head off, but Autumn doesn't notice and keeps walking. Brian finds a blood trail from the male cat in the shopping complex and follows it. Savannah, coming in from the front entrance, finds the deformed cat. She starts to shoot it, but Niles jumps on her and starts to strangle her. Then he notices that the deformed cat is coming at them, and runs, barely making it out of a locked door. The huge cat bangs against the door, knocking loose a tooth from the model cat over the door which falls down and spears Niles through the head. Savannah shoots the deformed cat just as Brian arrives. He lets her know he shot the other cat and that it probably crawled off to die. They get the students and leave, while the male cat kills Autumn."] ['One peaceful day in 1959, suddenly thousands of fishes washed out the shore. All was burned with radioactivity. And then, Tom Trevethan, an old fishermen is also burned with radioactivity. His last word was "behemoth". A huge ship, the "Triton" is also sunk and burned. Professor James Bickford, a marine biologist is also don\'t knowing what could do this all. Then, in the harbor, a man named John witnessed and photographed a strange head with a long neck of a creature. Dr. Sampson Karnes, a paleontologist identifyed it as "Paleosaurus" a prehistoric gargantuan dinosaur. He founds that the dinosaur is saturated by radiation. His genius 19-years old son Steve Karnes, suggested maybe the dinosaur is awakened by the atomic bomb tests in the Atlantic Ocean. Then, he got the ability to breathe radioactive fire. Then, suddenly, the Behemoth  surfaces in London! Behemoth wreaks havoc in the city, destroying everything in his path. Innocent peoples fell as unfortunate victims killed in the rampage, and the city was destroyed. Buildings burned, trucks were thrown, streets were in panic and ruins, then many peoples screamed and run. But, Steve had an idea. He told military to set 3000 volts of electric fences, and they do that. But, the electricity just make the Behemoth stronger. The plan backfires, and the Behemoth returned to the sea. But, thinking of the radiation, Steve makes a new idea. He invents a special gun. He knows something. Just two days later, Behemoth was found. He was moving, but Steve sets his plan. A mini-sub officer lures Behemoth to resurface in London. Then, Steve sets his newly-invented special "missile gun". He inserts the bullet: a special anti-nuclear cadmium isotope. The anti-nuclear isotope was made to a missile, and Behemoth wreaks havoc in the streets, destroying everything with his radioactive fire breath that was shoot from his mouth, claws, arms, tail and big foot. But, this time, Steve\'s plan was successful. The Behemoth was near the Empire State Building, when Steve was inside. He shoots the anti-nuclear cadmium isotope to the Behemoth\'s chest, piercing the Behemoth\'s heart. The Behemoth roared in pain as the isotope began to take effect on his radiation, and slowly killing him. Behemoth fell to the ground, and disintegrates to small nucleic particles. Steve looks, as the giant monster fades, his parts flew to the sky. Maybe, the humans had make a big mistake, and a bigger threat will came somehow....'] ['Although taking the same basic idea from Snakes on a Plane , the background story of how the snakes end up on the train is completely different. In the movie, writer Eric Forsberg created a woman who has been put under a Mayan curse which causes snake eggs to hatch inside her belly and eat their way out. In order to recover the "lost pieces" of herself , she must travel to Los Angeles where a powerful Mayan shaman can lift the curse. She takes the snakes along with her in small jars. While on the train, bandits attack her, allowing the snakes to escape and endanger the rest of the passengers. Eventually, and inexplicably, she herself transforms into a gigantic snake and swallows the moving train whole. Six passengers managed to escape unharmed and one of them performs magic to make her vanish.'] ["Four years after the events of Jaws, two divers are photographing the wreck of the Orca, Quint's boat from the first film. They are suddenly attacked by a large great white shark, and during the attack one of the divers' camera gets a photo of the shark's profile. A few days later, the shark enters the coastal waters of Amity Island, killing a female water skier. The female driver of the speedboat tries to defend herself by first throwing a gasoline tank at the shark  and then igniting the fuel with a flare gun. The fire ignites the gas tank and the speedboat explodes, killing the driver. Though burned on the right side of its head, the shark survives. In addition to these incidents, a dead killer whale is beached at a nearby lighthouse with large wounds all over its body which Police Chief Martin Brody  suggests were caused by a great white shark. Once again, Mayor Vaughn  doesn't share Brody's belief that the town has another shark problem and warns him not to press the issue. Later, Brody spots a section of a ruined speedboat bobbing in the surf just off the beach. When he goes to retrieve it, he encounters the burnt remains of the female speedboat driver. Brody stops his 17-year-old son Mike  from going sailing, and finds him a summer job working at the beach. The following day, while Brody is in an observation tower, he sees a large shadow produced by a school of bluefish, which he mistakes for a shark. In his haste, Brody orders everyone out of the water and fires his gun, causing a panic. Later that evening, he receives the photo of the shark's eye, taken by one of the attacked divers. Brody shows it to Vaughn and his townsmen, but they refuse to accept the evidence put in front of them. Len Peterson ,who has built a new resort in Amity to attract people, and the town council fire Brody for the beach incident, with Mayor Vaughn being the only one to vote against dismissal. Deputy Hendricks  is promoted to Brody's position. The next morning, Mike sneaks out and goes sailing with his friends, but has to take his young brother Sean  along to stop him telling his parents about Mike's trip. Later, they go past a group of divers led by Tom Andrews . Tom encounters the shark minutes after entering the water to catch lobsters and escapes, but suffers an embolism due to rushing to the surface too fast. Tina  and Eddie  later encounter the shark when it smashes into their sailboat, devouring Eddie and leaving Tina traumatized and alone. Brody and his wife Ellen  find Andrews being put into an ambulance, and Brody suspects that something must have scared him to make him come up so fast. Hendricks informs Brody that Mike has gone out sailing to the lighthouse with his friends, so Brody insists on taking the police patrol boat to rescue them, with Ellen and Hendricks both joining him. They find Tina's boat, with Tina hiding in the hull, who confirms Brody's suspicions about the shark in the area. Hendricks and Ellen take Tina ashore in a passing boat, while Brody continues to search for the teenagers using the police launch. All seems well with the other teenagers until the shark appears. The shark then smashes into one of their sail boats, causing panic and their boats to collide with each other. Mike is knocked unconscious and is pulled out of the water just as the shark appears; two friends take him back to the shore for help. The rest of the teens remain floating on the wreckage of tangled boats, drifting out toward the open sea. A harbor patrol marine helicopter arrives and a line is rigged to tow the boats to shore, but before the pilot can tow them, the shark attacks the chopper causing it to sink into the water. Sean also falls into the water, but he is quickly saved by Marge . As Marge tries to get back into the boat, her hands slip on the wet hull, and she falls back into the water. The shark approaches and devours Marge. Back at mainland, Tina is sent to the hospital, and Ellen berates Peterson for getting Brody fired and denying the shark's presence. Brody finds Mike, who informs his father about the situation. Sean and his friends are drifting on the wreckage toward Cable Junction , with the open sea beyond it. Brody quickly finds the teenagers, but the shark attacks again, which causes Brody to run his boat aground on the rocks. Brody tries to tie a rope line, but snags an underwater power cable instead. Most of the teenagers are tossed into the water during the shark's next attack, and they swim to safety on Cable Junction, though the shark injures Lucy while Sean and Jackie are left marooned on one of the boats. Using an inflatable raft, Brody gets the shark's attention by pounding the power line with an oar , and gets the shark to bite the power cable. The plan succeeds: the shark gets electrocuted, dies and sinks to the bottom of the sea. Brody collects Sean and Jackie and paddles over to Cable Junction, to await rescue with the other teenagers."] ["After a bank robbery, four criminals try to escape to the village of Santo Cristo in Acapulco, but they hijack the plane when a storm requires the pilot to start to turn around. They force the pilot to continue flying. After the copilot struggles with one of the hijackers, the plane's instrument panel is destroyed and it crashes. Most of the passengers and one of the hijackers die in the crash. The criminals gather the remaining passengers, killing those too injured to be of use, and force the rest to haul their loot through the swamp to the town they need to reach to finish their escape. While they gather the loot, a crocodile suddenly emerges from the water and eats the pilot. The criminals empty three guns into it, killing it. As they travel through the swamp, they start falling prey to the dead crocodile's furious 30 foot mother (The crocodile from the [[Crocodile . As the passengers struggle to survive crocodile, the only hope for rescue is in the hands of Zach, the boyfriend of one of the stewardesses and a tracker he runs into a bar that he hires to search for the crashed plane. Max  forces the tracker to leave Mia  and Zach behind. But during the flight, Roland  grabbed Max's gun and shot Max to the chest, killing him. When Roland tries to turn back, his chopper was grabbed by the crocodile. The croc left Roland to die in an explosion. Mia  Zach became the only survivors and kill the croc by using a life boat's gasoline and lighting it with her lighter, resulting in the croc blowing up. At the end of the film, Mia and Zach are at a resort swimming. As Mia jumps in the water the croc appears and eats her, she then wakes up, realizing that it was just a dream. A loud roar is heard as the camera zooms out the swamp, foreshadowing another beast of some sort."] ["A small oil rig located on a small river in Louisiana hits it big and former oiler John Sanders  and his friend Emery are hired to take his ex-wife Kelly and her boss to the location. Nearby, some thugs do diving for stolen goods that were dumped nearby. Unfortunately, at the same time, a huge freshwater bull shark enters the river and starts terrorizing and killing people. Emery's people, a local tribe, believe that the shark is a spirit that supposedly protects the area where the well is manifested in physical form as vengeance for the oil rig. Several people are killed by it and an attempt by locals to kill it drives it right back up the river, towards the oil rig. As a result of all the deaths, a $10,000 reward is posted for the shark's death. Unfortunately John, Emery, Kelly and her boss are captured by the three goons and the boss is shot in the leg and ultimately bleeds to death. The oil rig has a blowout and two men are killed. The shark arrives and kills several people as well as terrorizing the crew by taunting them by swimming around the rig. John and Kelly are forced to dive for the loot and recover it while the goons drink, mock each other, and plot what to do with the money. One of the goons kills the third in order to keep the money between himself and his partner, Jerry. John manages to escape from the goons and after helping Kelly and Emery escape, shoots the fuel tank on his boat, killing one of the goons. The other one, Ice,  is killed by the shark attempting to retrieve the money. John manages to lure the shark under the oil rig and Emery activates the drill and drops it into the shark's mouth, finally killing it. John, Kelly and Emery have a tooth from the shark as proof of their kill  and debate whether or not to collect the reward, but Emery, still believing the shark is a spirit in physical form, suggests that now that it is dead, that they should just let it rest in peace. John takes Emery's advice and tosses the tooth into the river, letting it sink to the bottom. Minutes later, they are found by the local sheriff who shows up in a helicopter to check on them."] ['The film opens with a pro-wrestling bout in Atlantic City, New Jersey. Two masked wrestlers, one named "Boa" the other "Python", are grappling. Enjoying this spectacle is multi-millionaire casino owner Broddick  and his girlfriend Eve . Their night out is interrupted by a phone call. We cut to see the man making the call, Ramon. He informs Broddick that his "package" has arrived and is being delivered. Broddick is delighted and promises lucrative compensation to Ramon for his work. Ramon hangs up and we see he is part of a group that is transporting something large aboard an 18-wheeler. As they drive, something goes wrong; whatever it is that is sealed inside the back of the truck has woken up and has become enraged. The convoy stops. Ramon gets a tranquilizer gun and orders a panel to be opened. Unfortunately, a serpentine tail smashes through the panel and begins to wreak havoc. One of the men is startled and fires his gun, accidentally hitting the main control circuit on the back of the truck. The main door of the sealed container opens, and an abnormally large nightmarish reticulated python, about 80 feet in length, emerges and kills the group, but not before Ramon manages to detonate a bomb, destroying the convoy, but not the snake. On board his black and gold Boeing 747, multi-millionaire Broddick reveals his plan to bring extreme big-game hunting to the city, as yet another pastime for the mega-wealthy, and the python is to be the quarry. While in a sexual tryst with his girlfriend Eve, Broddick sees a news report detailing the destruction of Ramon\'s convoy. Now realizing the python has escaped, Broddick decides to bring his big-game hunting associates to their prey. Meanwhile, the python makes its home in a water treatment facility and starts to hunt and kill people for food. FBI Agent Sharpe  investigates the wrecked convoy and discovers a large snake scale on the wreckage. Quickly realizing what he is up against (Agent Sharpe is familiar with the events in the film [[Python , Sharpe is determined to prevent the python from killing more people. He enlists herpetologist Dr. Emmett  and marine biologist Monica Bonds  to come up with a plan to stop the python. They plan to merge Monica\'s dolphin-camera headgear and tracking system to Dr. Emmett\'s giant genetically enhanced Scarlet Boa, Betty. They hope Betty will seek out and kill the equally large python. The trio, now joined by a backup team of FBI agents and soldiers, transport Betty to the water treatment facility. She quickly enters and begins to track the python. Despite Monica\'s assurances, the tracking system proves faulty, providing only sporadic coverage. Betty also manages to kill several soldiers who advance too far into the facility. When the trio finally gets the tracking system back online, they are horrified to see Betty and the python mating. At this time, Broddick and his surviving hunters , enter the opposite end of the treatment facility and begin to track the reptile. They are surprised when they stumble upon a nest of eggs, guarded by Betty, whom they had not expected to see. Betty constricts Eve and squeezes the life out of her, causing Broddick to snap. Eventually, he makes his way out and, the rest of his team are killed by both Betty and the python, finally meets up with Dr. Emmett and Monica . After being punched by an enraged Emmett and being arrested by the FBI, he informs them of the nest of eggs, which Dr. Emmett claims "cannot be possible". The python decides to devour the eggs, enraging Betty, and the two snakes finally begin their epic battle. Broddick is taken into custody. The tracking system starts to function again and Dr. Emmett finally sees Betty\'s nest. He decides to go back into the treatment facility to save the nest. Monica goes with him. Broddick however, has sneaked away and has commandered an APC. Dr. Emmett and Monica, using the tracking system, track Betty to underneath a nightclub. Betty smashes through the floor, as does the giant Python. Broddick enters the club, wielding a flamethrower, and starts going insane. The two snakes grab him and, in a vicious and bloody tug-of-war, rip him in half, each devouring the other half. The two snakes continue their battle underneath the disco with Dr. Emmett and Monica hot on their trail. The battling snakes end up fighting on subway tracks. Betty, losing badly, is saved by Dr. Emmett, who activates an electrical spike device he implanted into her head. The shock throws her off the subway tracks just as a speeding bullet train slams into the python and beheads the beast. Dr. Emmett and Monica celebrate the death of the python, but become concerned when it is revealed Betty has crawled away. The duo head back into the treatment facility to bring Betty and her eggs home.'] ["{{Incomplete}} In the year 1987, 17 people were killed by humanoid creatures called Aquanoids. These sea creatures seem to appear randomly and in the year 2003 return to Babylon Bay. The heroine of the story, Vanessa, sees the creatures and warns the town of the imminent danger. Vanessa's mother was one of the individuals killed in the first wave of attacks sixteen years ago. But the town's mayor, in an effort to acquire a major land deal for a new mall, tries to disguise the attacks as boating accidents. Since it is July 4, many people are visiting the beach to enjoy the festivities. Vanessa desperately tries to ward off another mass killing by handing out fliers and even going on TV. She travels around on a popular motorized vehicle, the powered scooter. When the mayor's daughter is killed by an Aquanoid, he covers up the incident and executes the medical examiner. He even has to abort the Aquanoid baby she is carrying. The film ends with the Aquanoids being killed."] ['A group of soldiers led by Maj. Baker  is ordered to investigate a basement level station which they believed was attacked. After Baker contacts his commander, General Slater , they begin to investigate who drove a civilian van into the base. It is revealed to be owned by a scientist named Dr. Bradford Crane . Slater orders two choppers to check for a black mass , and they are sent out of the sky.'] ["Chompa Tong, a daughter of a king received two pets which one was a kitten and another was a crocodile's egg but she dropped the egg into the water where it grew into a powerful crocodile who could turn into a man and killed many women for food and fun. One day, Chompa Tong, was kidnapped and a young prince called Jak Jan, swam into the water to save her. Can Jak Jan save the princess from the terrible crocodile?"] ['A heavenly paradise becomes a hellish nightmare when a toxic spill turns harmless ants into gigantic rampaging monster insects. The opening narration briefly introduces the viewer to the ant and it\'s behavior. It takes note how ants use pheromones to communicate, and how they cause an obligatory response that must be obeyed. "But human don\'t have to worry about that...." As the opening credits roll, barrels of radioactive waste are being dumped off a boat into the ocean. Eventually one of the barrels washes up on the shore and begins to leak a silvery goo attractive to local ants. Meanwhile, shady land developer Marilyn Fryser  takes a bunch of new clients to view some \'beach-front property\' on a nearby island. In reality the land is worthless, but the trip is cut short by the group stumbling upon the lair of gigantic ants. The ants destroy their boat and chases the others through the woods. Fleeing for their lives through the wilderness and losing many of their party along the way; the remaining survivors eventually discover the local island town. But their safety is short lived when they realize that not only are the giant ants feeding on the local sugar factory, but at the behest of the humans. The Queen ant, using pheromones has the entire town completely under control, and the giant ants are determined to exterminate humankind and build an evil empire. However, the survivors manage to escape and burn the sugar factory, killing the giant ants and leave the island by a speedboat.'] ["Grace , her younger sister Lee , and husband Adam  are going on the Blackwater Barry tour out into the Mangrove swamps for fishing. After leaving Grace's mother's home, Lee convinces the three to go to a crocodile exhibit. They learn that male crocodiles can grow to massive sizes and are extremely dangerous. Later that day the trio go to a bar where Lee suspects that Grace is pregnant when she refuses having a drink. The next day, Grace confirms Lee's suspicion, while Adam remains unaware. Once they arrive at the docks, their tour guide Jim  arms himself with a six shot revolver and the group sets off. After attempting to fish on the usual route, the boat is hit. Jim removes an old paint can from the river, stating it to be the cause. He then suggests that they steer off course, deeper into the swamps, where he believes fish, larger than usual, may be. Once they veer out of the usual course, Grace begins to panic, however the others are unaware. They arrive at a small clearing, far from the course they should have taken. Adam immediately snags a fish. Jim shouts words of advice while Lee, camera in hand, spots something in the distance. She alerts Grace, however after a second glance, sees nothing. Suddenly, the group is thrown about the boat when it is hit. After a second, more powerful hit, the boat capsizes, dumping Grace, Adam, Lee and Jim into the water. Adam realizes a crocodile has attacked them and helps Grace into a nearby tree. He then searches the water for Lee, who is tangled up in ropes under the boat. Grace sees an enormous crocodile nearby and convinces Adam to climb into the tree. Lee frees herself and swims out from under the boat. The crocodile swims after her as she struggles to climb atop the boat. She manages to get atop however the crocodile bashes the boat around, trying to throw her off. Adam and Grace distract the crocodile, which, defeated, swims away. Grace and Adam plan a way to get Lee into the tree, and they realize they can use the rope to pull the boat across. Lee throws the rope to Adam, who, with Grace's help, attempts to pull the boat to the tree. Adam believes the rope to be caught on a stump when their efforts have no effect. Adam tells Lee she will have to swim across. Hesitant at first, she eventually slides off the boat into the water. She begins to walk across to them when something splashes in the distance. Panicking, she runs to Adam and Grace who pull her into the tree. Grace and Lee suggest that they sit and wait for someone to come looking for them however Adam states that no one saw them leave. Grace then suggests they climb across the trees to the mainland. She tells them she'll check it out first and come back. After seeing that they would have to swim across the river, she finds Jim's ear floating in the water. She panics and frantically runs back to Adam and Lee, although she doesn't disclose the fact that she had seen Jim's ear in the water.. After much waiting, Adam impatiently insists he goes for the boat. Lee and Grace agree. Adam climbs into the water and swims to the boat. He dives under the boat. The boat begins shaking back and forth violently until it overturns. Adam reappears onto the side of the boat. Suddenly, the crocodile pulls Adam under the water and thrashes him about. Lee and Grace mourn over Adam's body when the crocodile surfaces with it clenched in its teeth. Grace tells Lee that they must finish Adam's plan to use the boat. Lee keeps watch for the crocodile while Grace attempts to get to the boat. Grace grabs the boat rope. Lee spots the crocodile and alerts Grace who panics and drops the rope climbing back up the tree. Grace attempts to reach the boat rope however the crocodile jumps out of the water and narrowly misses Grace when she climbs across a branch over the water. Terrified of the crocodile, the duo sit and wait. They see Adam's body floating nearby. Later that night, the crocodile returns and begins eating Adam's body. The next day the two see the boat is drifting away. Grace refuses to go to the boat. Lee suggests they use the trees as a guide through the water. They make it halfway across the clearing to the other side when the crocodile surfaces in front of them. Grace and Lee flee back to the tree however the crocodile grabs Grace's leg and pulls her underwater. The crocodile thrashes about, trying to drown her. Grace escapes and reaches the tree however her leg has been heavily wounded. Lee attempts to reach the boat while Grace's condition worsens. She reaches the boat and climbs inside. She attempts to turn on the motor when the crocodile jumps into the boat and attacks her. It catches her torso in its mouth and pulls her underwater. She falls unconscious. Some time later, Lee awakens on a small island beside Jim's body. She bandages her broken finger with the fabric from her shirt and sees that her torso is bleeding profusely. She takes Jim's gun and washes it off. She manages to fire it into the water. She takes the remains of one of Jim's arms and uses it to try to lure the crocodile to her. When this fails, she stands up and looks around, unaware that the crocodile has surfaced behind her. She turns around as it attacks her. She tries to shoot the crocodile but the gun misfires. A chase ensues as she tries to run from the crocodile. After running, the crocodile in close pursuit, Lee turns around to see it has vanished. She looks around everywhere, gun in hand, waiting to shoot it. The crocodile surfaces in front of her however the gun misfires again. The crocodile grabs her and pulls her underwater. Lee realizes that the hand holding the gun is in the crocodiles mouth. She pulls the trigger while it thrashes her around and the gun shoots the crocodile in the head. The crocodile dies and Lee makes her way back to Grace. After trying to wake Grace up, Lee realizes she has died from blood loss. She mourns the loss of her sister. Lee places Grace's body into the boat and begins paddling out of the swamp. A noise behind her alerts her however she sees nothing and continues paddling."] ["In Manhattan, when a client is bitten by a rat in the dressing room of the Garsons Department Store and contracts Weil's disease, the manager Susan Costello is assigned to hire and help the best exterminator in New York, Jack Carver. Jack and his assistant Ty find a colony of mutant rats and try to convince the health department administrator and former partner of Jack, Ray Jarrett, how serious the infestation is. But the politician Ray is interested in covering the problem to protect economical interests of powerful groups.The Rats, IMDb"] ["Two people disappear along the Appalachian Trail: a young man jogging with his girlfriend and a hermit who rarely leaves his home. Sheriff Grady Barnes  finds a trail in the woods which leads him to parts of the hermit's body. That night, young Roy Satterly  is reading by flashlight when a Bengal tiger briefly appears in front of his bedroom window. In the morning, his mother, Rose , finds him sleepwalking in the woods in front of their house. A cast taken at the next victim's scene points to a tiger as the hermit's killer, so Sheriff Barnes holds a press conference to warn the public. The tiger visits Roy's home again that night. A tabloid paper offers a $10,000 reward for the tiger causing the town to be inundated with hunters and reporters. The sheriff forbids anyone from going in the woods and hunting the tiger, but while out with Deputy Sharon Weinman , he sees Roy in the woods. They give chase, but instead find a dead tabloid reporter. The National Guard is called in to help. The sheriff later sees Roy in the woods again and warns him to stay out before taking him home and giving Rose the same warning. After he leaves, she mistakenly believes Roy told the sheriff lies about there being a tiger and chastises him. Six National Guardsmen arrive, led by Sergeant Winshiser , as does Colonel James Livingston-Graham , an experienced big game hunter and tracker from England who specializes in hunting man-eating tigers. Sergeant Winshiser and his men arrogantly refuse to use the sheriff's advice and help. Graham tells the sheriff the soldiers will fail due to their arrogance and that he will start his hunt for the tiger when they finish. When the guardsmen search for the tiger, it kills one silently. Graham appears and explains how the tiger did it and helps them find the body. Later, Deputy Weinman and Deputy Ezra Hundt , the mayor's son, find one of the National Guard trucks sitting empty on the road. They investigate and Weinman tells Hundt to call their position in to headquarters. She finds that the two guardsmen were attacked by the tiger, one being killed and the other shot by his partner. Hearing Hundt blowing the patrol car horn, she runs back to the car, but the tiger has already killed him. Meanwhile, Roy encounters Graham in the woods and they discuss the tiger. When Roy asks if Graham is going to kill the tiger, Graham tells him that he must because it can't chose not to hunt whatever is around it, including people. They shake hands and part ways with Graham continuing to the scene of the National Guard attack. When he arrives, he explains how the tiger attacked the guardsmen and deputy. Later, at another press conference, a reporter reveals that Graham was exiled from India, his former home, after he failed to kill a tiger that slaughtered over 200 people. The sheriff visits Graham that night and he explains that the situation had been beyond his control. Later that night, Roy dreams the tiger killed Graham and runs to his tent to check on him. Graham offers to walk him home, but they end up going to the store where Rose works when Roy says she is working late. When they arrive, the tiger attacks and kills her. They run into the store, but are separated. Graham calls for Roy, but the tiger gets into the building and attacks him, Graham barely failing to kill the tiger with both shots he fires. Sheriff Barnes arrives after being alerted about a break-in alarm and is chased into the store by the tiger. He finds Graham's hat and a blood trail and tries to find him before hearing Roy calling out from under a truck outside. The sheriff dives under the truck and shields the boy as the tiger tries to attack. When the tiger jumps into the bed of the truck, they run to the sheriff's truck. The sheriff shoots at the tiger, but hits a gasoline tank causing it to explode and kill the tiger. Graham appears beside the building, bloody but alive. Deciding his hunting days are over, Graham returns home. Sheriff Barnes and his wife adopt the orphaned Roy."] ['Based on true events that occurred 1—12 July 1916 in Central and Southern New Jersey, as recounted in the book of the same name by Richard Fernicola, the film recounts the 12 days during which people along the Jersey coast were subject to attacks by a shark . Initially, the authorities hesitated to take action, and the issue of sacrificing the safety of human beings for the sake of business was raised. After the second attack, modest precautions were taken, and scientific experts and civil authorities published assurances that area beaches had been made safe again. On 12 July a shark was sighted swimming into the freshwater canal of Matawan Creek—one expert who had come to capture the animal speculated that this indicated a bull shark. Children and young adults swimming upstream in the creek were attacked. After the shark was finally captured offshore, an autopsy was performed, and it is said that 15 pounds of human flesh with bones were found in its stomach. In the end, four people had been killed and a fifth badly injured. The remains of one young boy were never recovered. Because a propensity for human flesh is unnatural, scientists are still investigating why this shark did what it did.'] ["{{plot}} The story opens with Ted Ojeda, his wife, Terri, and his daughter, Rachel Ojeda, moving to a house on an island after their son, Randy Ojeda, died in an airplane crash some years earlier. Meanwhile, Ellen Lopez , listens to the radio with her brother, Gordon Lopez, a US Army Ranger veteran. Later, a sparrow flock begins pecking the window. At Ted's house, a golden eagle attacks. Meanwhile, Doc Rayburn, a Green Berets veteran, spots some cars parked near a department store. He also spots some crows furiously pecking the corpse of a mouse. Later in the day, Terry strolls along the street. Suddenly, she is swarmed by a flock of attacking golden eagles. Ted comes to the rescue, driving the eagles away by chucking dynamite at the birds. Later, a crow swoops down and inflicts a cut on Ted's forehead. The next day, people get word that the Eastern Seaboard is mysteriously under siege from sudden bird attacks. Rachel freaks out from the news, while Ted and Terry stare at the radio, speechless. At night, Buster, the family's Great Dane dog, attacks a flock of crows scavenging on a dead sheep. Doc's Greyhounds also join the attack. The resulting fight kills one of the greyhounds. A few days later, all five people decide to fight back. Ted's house is suddenly attacked by a flock of ravens. Ellen and Doc race to the rescue. Ellen starts chucking molotov cocktails while Doc fires a submachine gun at the animals. The ravens fall back, but are run over by a freight train on a railroad track. While Doc relaxes near the beach, a seagull attacks him. Luckily, Doc is able to subdue the animal and kill it by stabbing it repeatedly with a bowie knife. At Ted's house, Ellen questions why the birds have suddenly started attacking humans. Ted responds by saying that the birds may have gotten the Rage Virus. Later, Ted's guess is proven right when Ted actually spots some seagulls and golden eagles killing a Great White Shark. Later, Ted's house is suddenly under siege by a huge swarm of birds. Doc grabs a light machine gun and mounts it on the front porch. He then proceeds to shoot down the attacking birds. Rachel grabs an assault rifle and opens fire. Ted also grabs a rifle and fires. In the ensuing gunfight, Ellen is wounded by a bird attack that cuts her wrist. Rachel's forehead is slashed by a sparrow. Doc and Ted are both wounded when a golden eagle slashes their heels with its talons. The group manages to beat off the birds before they sustain any more injuries. The next day, the house is under attack from ravens and crows, causing everyone to abandon the house altogether. Ted's family fights off the birds with rifles. Later, Ted hatches an escape plan that Ellen agrees with. Ellen races toward a scooter and plans to escape using the scooter. Unfortunately, she's killed by the bird attack. This forces Ted and his family to take over. Ted takes the wheel of the Vespa scooter. Doc and Gordon escort Terry to a truck and escape using the vehicle. Rachel uses her rifle to open fire on the birds attacking the Vespa scooter as it makes its way down a highway. Later, several turkey vultures join the attack. When Ted swerves into a subway tunnel, the birds follow. Ted spots a subway train speeding toward the Vespa, giving him an idea. The birds continue to chase the Vespa scooter-until they are squashed to a pulp when the train speeds up. Ted and everyone else bails out, leaving the train to squash the Vespa. The president, Gerald Kennedy, orders the United States to be evacuated. The Ojeda family are chosen, while Rayburn and Gordon are left behind. Ted and his family are transported by a helicopter to Concord, New Hampshire. Suddenly, vultures attack the Blackhawk. Ted takes a minigun and opens fire. However, several vultures are sucked into the rotors and are sliced to pieces, causing the helicopter to go down near Chesapeake Bay, Maryland. The final showdown begins here. Ted and Rachel both hold off the attackers. SSgt. Gus Griggs and Pvt. Don McDonald, both use assault rifles to hold them off. After the gunfight, the soldiers and Ted take Rachel to a refugee center before the credits."] ['Anthropological professor Conrad Hamilton attempts to study a new species of primate, possibly the missing link between humanity and the great ape, found in a hidden valley deep within the jungles of Thailand. Hamilton\'s initial research team tries to capture one of these new  primates, but fail and are all killed. Hamilton and his assistant Chenne, who survive because they are away from the camp site, scour the area looking for clues and remains of their team. Meanwhile, another research team is inbound, this one a crew of college anthropology students with no idea of what they\'re in for. The students, Seth, Amy, Greg, Sydney, Josh, and Dani, are flown into a remote region of the Thai jungle, and picked up by a guide who drives them deeper into bush. He drops them off in a panic at the edge of trail/road, which leads further still into the foliage, claiming "bad things" are in there and won\'t go any further. He heads back the way he came, leaving the students to march forth into the unknown. They walk until they reach the end of trail and set up camp. As evening sets in, noises from the jungle raise suspicion until a set of glowing green eyes can be seen close by, watching. Just before the unknown creature attacks, Chenne arrives with a flare that scares off the unseen menace. Chenne escorts the students to the relative safety of Professor Hamilton\'s camp, and the following day they meet the obsessed man and somewhat learn of his mission and their purpose. Hamilton professes of dream findings in an uncharted valley located deep within the jungle and their potential for career-launching documentation. He has Chenne confiscate their mobile phones and hand out information bracelets for each member that contain all of their emergency contact info, then he leads the slightly unwilling team to the valley entrance. After a pep talk, Hamilton convinces the students to continue and rappel down the cliffside and into the valley, although Josh is injured during the process. On their first night in the valley, Hamilton passes around a skull and explains that it belongs to the creature he\'s looking for. The students cannot identify the skull since its characteristics are both human and primate in nature, but nearly twice the size of any known human or primate cranium. They are soon interrupted by a bloody survivor from the original research team, who Hamilton and Chenne quickly shelter and care for. The man dies shortly afterward, and Hamilton tells Chenne that the creatures let him go as a warning. During the night, Sydney visits the outhouse, only to be dragged away into the jungle. The next morning, Hamilton tells the team that Sydney came to him scared and homesick and wanted to go home, so Hamilton has Chenne take her out of the jungle, leaving everyone suspicious. However, in another part of the jungle, Chenne is dragging Sydney through the brush and eventually leaves her, battered and beaten. Sydney eventually stumbles into an unseen creature that tears the right side of her face off. The team continues to follow Hamilton and Chenne, who appear to be tracking something with a GPS reader. Unknown to the students, Hamilton is tracking each of the students by a hidden chipset in each of their bracelets. At the moment, he is tracking Sydney\'s bracelet. The team eventually demands more information about their expedition, and Hamilton comes mostly clean. The students remain unaware that they are being tracked, but resolve to steal the AK-47 in Hamilton\'s possession and maintain control of the situation to themselves. Seth begins leaving a trail through jungle by tying off pieces of cloth to trees. On their third night, while the students are beginning to fashion their plan for the following day, a foul-smelling rain begins pouring down on their tents. Just as they recognize the smell as urine, Josh is yanked out of his tent and dragged up into the trees. Panic sets in as the team scatters and begins following his screams through the jungle. As Greg attempts to save Josh, Chenne accidentally shoots him, but then proceeds to tie him to a tree as bait. She camps out nearby with her gun, but one of the monsters sneaks up on Chenne and kills her before mauling Greg. Hamilton runs across Seth during the chaos and knocks him unconscious after listening to his complaints. Hamilton locates the two remaining students, Dani and Amy, and continues his venture, ordering Dani to document everything with her video camera. Believing themselves to be the only survivors, both girls have little choice other than to follow the professor in hopes of being rescued. The professor successfully tracks Sydney\'s bracelet and finds it still attached to her severed arm which is dangling from a tree. Hamilton examines an apparent rigging done to the tree, only to spring a trap which results in several bamboo shoots impaling him through the back. He delivers a final address to the girls before he dies. Just as they turn to run, Seth appears, to their delight. They run back to their campsite, only to find it cleared of their tents and equipment. Completely panicked, they keep running while the creatures seem to be following close by in the brush and in the trees. Dani is soon pulled up into the trees and killed, leaving Seth and Amy. They run further still and reach a cave, where they see Seth’s entire cloth trail assembled and attached to the opening. They go into the cave and use a the night vision from Dani\'s video camera to move around. At least one of the creatures follows them into the cave, grabs Seth and kills him. Amy sheds light on one of the creatures for the first time, revealing it to be a huge gorilla with a bloody set of fangs. Several more gorillas enter the cave and Amy screams in terror as one of them bears down on her and kills her.{{cite web}}'] ["The coastal town of Hampton Bay is threatened when a 35-Foot Great White Shark starts chomping up their vacationers. Days before the annual Regatta celebration, the townspeople are faced with financial ruin if something isn't done about their newfound Shark problem. If that wasn't enough, the owners of the local amusement park have been subject to a hostile takeover from a prospective businessman looking to cash in on their prized property. It's up to the Sheriff, the Park's Owner, and a Shark Expert to head out and destroy the Shark before the summer economy is slashed and the park is left for the bulldozer."] ["Stressed by marital and alcohol problemas Dr. Ben Cahill freezes up under pressure in the emergency room. He decides to unwind a few months in the house he and his ex bought on Orr island, a fishing community off the coast of Maine. Here he starts examining, at the request ofsheriff Hobbs, some animal and human corpses with strange internal as well as external injuries. The doc observes one of the red cockroaches which recently infest the island has pincers, most unusual, reads up and contacts the university entomology department, where this African species isn't too well-known either. He discovers that these cockroach-like insects that burrow into people and nest inside them."] ['The movie begins with Doctor Stoner  selling a strange large \'snake\' to a carnival man . College student David Blake  is hired as an assistant by Stoner, an ophiologist. It transpires that Stoner\'s previous assistant had mysteriously left town without telling anyone . Stoner begins David on a course of injections, purportedly as a safeguard against being bitten by a snake in his care. David\'s skin starts to change and even peel like a snakeskin. David begins a romance with Stoner\'s daughter Kristina , although her father objects and insists that she does not have any sexual relations with him. David becomes increasingly perturbed by the strange side effects of the injections. Kristina visits a carnival freak show and is alarmed that the "snakeman" bears an uncanny resemblance to Stoner\'s previous assistant. She leaves in terror and heads back to save David who is currently mutating into a cobra. David starts to turn green, suffers breathing problems and develops scales on his body. Stoner is bitten by the original cobra and killed instantly, after David\'s transformation is complete. The new cobra  is finally killed by a mongoose when he tries to escape. Kristina arrives home and finds her father killed with the original cobra next to him. At the same time the police arrive, and shoot the original cobra, before heading to the lab where the mongoose is attacking David\'s neck, attempting to kill him. The police do not have a clear shot, as Kristina screams David\'s name...'] ["In Manhattan, cockroaches are spreading a deadly disease that is claiming hundreds of the city's children. Entomologist Susan Tyler  uses genetic engineering to create what she and her colleague  Peter Mann  call the Judas Breed, a large insect  that releases an enzyme that kills off the disease-carrying roaches by speeding up their metabolism. The Judas Breed work spectacularly and the crisis is abated. Since the Judas Breed have also been designed to only produce one male able to breed, and they keep it in their care, the hybrid species should die out in a matter of months. Three years later, people begin to go missing in the subways and tunnels under the city. Susan, Peter, and their staff learn that they severely underestimated the Judas Breed's ability to adapt to its conditions. The Judas Breed has found a way to reproduce and has evolved in order to better hunt a new food source. To everyone's horror, they discover that the Judas' new food source is humans, and now the insects have grown to be as big as people and can mimic the appearance and behavior of humans with uncanny accuracy. Susan and Peter have learned that huge swarms of the Judas Breed are living beneath the city in the subway system, and with the help of Leonard , a transit system police officer, they search out the insects, whose quick evolution  also made them humanoid, before they can take over the city and from there the world. The film ends when Peter stumbles into a boiler room to get away from the creatures by using himself as bait. He discovers that he has found the nest. He decides to blow up the lair with a lighter, but drops it into a puddle. He grabs a crowbar and slams it into a metal grate, causing a massive explosion that throws him into the puddle. The male Judas survives, but gets run over by a train while chasing Susan. Dr Gates, Susan's colleague, arrives to tell her that Peter did not survive. Moments later, Peter walks out of the subway, safe and sound, and begins to hug Susan."] ["Youngman Duran, a deputy on a Hopi Indian reservation in New Mexico, begins to investigate a series of mysterious cattle mutilations. Abner Tasupi, an ancient and embittered medicine man who raised Youngman after his parents died, tells him he has cast a spell to end the world that very night, but Youngman assumes he simply is babbling while under the influence of datura root. The following morning, Youngman finds Abner's bloodless body on the floor of his shack, and nearby he discovers a dead shepherd and most of his flock. Tribal Council chairman Walker Chee has discovered a stratum of oil shales in Maskai Canyon, the most sacred ground in the tribe's domain. Walker is dynamiting the caves in an effort to unleash oil, and is planning to sell the rights to process them to the tycoon Roger Piggott of Peabody Oil. Walker is desperate to keep word of the attacks from leaking to the media before he completes the deal. Although common sense tells him otherwise, Youngman's faith in tribal beliefs and superstitions leads him to suspect the unexplained deaths may be connected to the spell Abner claimed he cast. British scientist Philip Payne is certain they are the work of vampire bats infected with bubonic plague. As they spread throughout the area, swarming through a missionary group's campsite and infecting everyone in their path, Philip and Youngman join forces with Anne Dillon, a young white medical student who runs a ramshackle clinic on the reservation and is in love with Youngman, to track the bats to their lair and destroy them."] ['A group of scientists, led by entomologist Dr. James Atherton , head to the Amazon with the hope of discovering new species of insects and arachnids. After descending into an enormous sinkhole, they approach a tree, and set up collectors on the ground. The team then blows smoke up into the canopy of the tree, and await for the results. Slowly, creatures start falling from the sky, including a variety of bugs. One of which is a very aggressive new species of spider which  carries a type of venom that causes near-instantaneous death to its victims. The spider is captured and chloroformed for research; and is later revealed to be lacking sex organs, thus making it a drone, or soldier. A nature photographer, Jerry Manley ,who has been suffering a fever since travelling to the area, takes a rest under the tree where the spider was found, and a fertile male "General" spider jumps into his backpack, later sneaking into his sleeping bag and biting him on the hand. Jerry promptly has a massive tetanic seizure from the venom and dies. The remainder of the scientists take his body back to the United States, in a wooden box, with the original spider from Venezuela inside, blaming Jerry\'s death on the pre-existing fever. Jerry\'s body arrives at the funeral home in his home town, Canaima, and the mortician Irv Kendall  does not notice the spider inside the coffin when he opens it. He is disgusted to find Jerry\'s body desiccated, completely drained of bodily fluids. As Irv is speaking on the phone with the Manley family about funeral arrangements, the spider heads outside, only to be picked by a bird. But before the bird gets back to its nest, the spider manages to bite it, and it falls to the ground, right in front of the barn of the Jennings family. Ross Jennings  is a family physician, who had moved to the small town from San Francisco, and faces a lack of patients due to elderly rival Sam Metcalf ([[Henry Jones , who was supposed to retire and shift his patients to Ross, but decided to maintain his practice. The spider mates with a domestic house spider and makes a nest in Jennings\'s barn, producing hundreds of infertile, but still deadly, offspring. Ross, along with his son Tommy , has arachnophobia , making them targets of ridicule among Molly  and Shelly . His first patient and new neighbor, Margaret Hollins , dies after being bitten. The town\'s residents believe that she died from a heart attack despite Ross\' suspicions that something else was at work since she seemed to have had seizures before her death. After a football player is also killed by a spider, a death which is attributed to a football injury, Ross is known to the town as "Dr. Death", having all his patients coincidentally dying after having seen him. Soon, Dr. Metcalf himself is bitten on the toe, has a seizure and dies. As with Margaret, the initial suspicion is a heart attack, but Ross now has the idea that the town could be infested by deadly arachnids. After Ross and the county\'s coroner Milton Briggs  perform an autopsy on the victims and confirm Ross\' suspicion that the deaths were caused by spider bites, he, along with Dr. Atherton, his assistant Chris Collins , Briggs, Sheriff Lloyd Parsons  and exterminator Delbert McClintock  investigate and eventually discover that the killer spiders are descendants of the new species James discovered earlier and, due to being born a mixed breed, have a short life expectancy. Atherton tells them that the spiders are soldiers, eliminating potential threats for the general spider. He also informs that the general spider also produced a queen, which it likely mated with to produce a second nest, guarded by the queen, which could produce fertile offspring. Atherton elaborates that, due to the constraints of the spider\'s original habitat, it was left unable to expand its territory; however, now that such constraints have been eliminated, the spiders can progressively expand their territory, possibly culminating in their worldwide dispersal. With these revelations now at hand, the group sets out to destroy the second nest and kill the queen and general. Atherton is bitten on the arm and killed by the general after he discovers the first nest\'s location and disturbs its web while trying to capture it. After Ross, Chris and Delbert trace the nests to Jennings\' own property, Ross sends Delbert to destroy the first nest at the barn while he and Chris try to help the family escape from their own house. Spiders begin to appear all over the house as Ross enters. Molly, the children, and Chris make it out through the window, but Ross finds himself trapped until he falls through the floor into his wine cellar, which turns out to be the spiders\' second nest. Outside, a fully equipped Delbert makes his way to the house and begins to exterminate the baby spiders. Back inside, after electrocuting the queen, Ross battles the general, attempting to destroy the second egg sac along with burning the spider to death with an aerosol can and a lighter. However he becomes trapped underneath fallen debris and when the spider is about to deliver the killing strike Ross flings the spider into the fire with a board that has fallen on his chest. When the egg sac hatches, the general, now entirely engulfed in flames, jumps out of the fire, refusing to let Ross leave the basement alive. Ross shoots it with his nail gun and the projectile sends the burning spider into the nest\'s egg sac, effectively destroying the nest with fire and ending the plague. Delbert is able to reach Ross and get him to safety. Having enough of the country along with the near-death experience, the Jennings family immediately move back to San Francisco, appreciating city life once more, despite minor tremors disrupting them.'] ["A shy and timid man who lives with his mother buys a plant he thinks talked to him. His loneliness is very apparent in the way he tries to turn the plant into a friend. Well, the plant is carnivorous and can talk with a woman's sexy voice. Henry, the protagonist, now has two joys in life. One is being a voyeur  and the other is his new plant friend. Soon he discovers the plant likes bugs . Eventually the plant wants to try a delicious woman, like in the pictures Henry has hanging in his room. One day, Henry's mother breaks into his room thinking to confront him with a woman and all she can find are Henry and the plant. But soon the plant eats her and discovers that women are really tasty. When detective O'Columbus shows up, the plant discovers she does not like eating men, just women. Eventually the plant experiences urges and Henry finds a male specimen. The male eats men while the female eats women. One woman is willing to end Henry's life of virginity but accidentally gets eaten. Henry is broken and tries to kill himself while the plants get passionate with one another. Henry is too clumsy to succeed and changes his mind when he sees all of the little baby plants."] ["Melanie Daniels , a young socialite, meets Mitch Brenner  in a San Francisco bird shop. Brenner wants to purchase a pair of lovebirds for his sister's eleventh birthday, but the shop has none. He pretends to mistake Daniels for a salesperson, which infuriates her; she requests an explanation. He says they met previously, but she doesn't remember him. Intrigued, she tracks down his address in Bodega Bay, California and purchases a pair of lovebirds herself. After driving several hours, she sneaks across the bay in a motor boat and secretly deposits the birds inside Mitch's house with a note. He spots her on the water during her escape, and he intercepts her as she is attacked and injured by a seagull. Mitch requests she stay for dinner, and Melanie reluctantly agrees. Melanie develops a relationship with Mitch, meets his clinging mother Lydia  and his younger sister Cathy , and befriends Mitch's ex-lover Annie Hayworth . When Melanie stays for the night at Annie's house, a gull kills itself by diving into the front door. At Cathy's birthday party the next day, the children are set upon by seagulls. The following evening, sparrows invade the Brenner home. Lydia discovers a neighbor who has been killed by birds that invaded his house, and she flees the scene in terror. After being comforted by Melanie and Mitch, Lydia becomes concerned about Cathy's safety at school. Melanie goes to the school and waits for class to end, initially unaware that a huge number of crows are massing nearby. Horrified when she sees the playground engulfed by them, she warns Annie and they evacuate the children. The birds attack, injuring several children. Melanie meets Mitch at a local restaurant. Several patrons describe their own encounters with strange bird behaviour. A drunk believes the attacks are a sign of the Apocalypse, and a traveling salesman condemns all birds and suggests that they be destroyed. An amateur ornithologist insists that different species do not flock together, therefore the reports of the attacks must be in error. Melanie rebuts this argument. A young mother becomes increasingly distressed by the conversation and shames them all for frightening her children. Outside the restaurant, a motorist is attacked while filling his car with gasoline; he is knocked unconscious and the gasoline continues to pump out onto the street. The salesman, having left the restaurant, is unaware he is standing in a puddle of the gasoline. He misunderstands the hysterical warnings of the restaurant patrons, lights a cigar and drops the lit match. The gasoline ignites, killing him. The birds attack in greater numbers as people pour from the diner to survey the damage, and Melanie is forced to take refuge in a phone booth. Mitch rescues her and they return to the restaurant, where the hysterical mother accuses Melanie of being the cause of the attacks. Melanie and Mitch return to Annie's house and find that Annie has been killed by birds while pushing Cathy indoors to safety. Melanie and the Brenners barricade themselves inside the Brenner home. The house is attacked in waves by the birds, and several times they nearly break in through the sealed doors and windows. During a nighttime lull between attacks, Melanie hears noises from the upper floor. Not wanting to disturb the others' sleep, Melanie enters Cathy's abandoned bedroom and finds that the birds have broken through the roof. They violently attack her, trapping her in the room until Mitch comes to her rescue. She is badly injured and nearly catatonic, and Mitch insists they must get her to a hospital. A sea of birds ripple menacingly around the Brenner farm as Mitch prepares Melanie's car for their escape. The radio reports the spread of bird attacks to nearby communities, and suggests that the National Guard may be required because civil authorities are unable to combat the inexplicable attacks. The film concludes ambiguously, as the car carrying Melanie and the Brenners slowly makes its way through a landscape inundated by thousands of birds of different species perched together."] ['Jack Flynn is driving down a highway at night, looking at a bracelet he has bought his daughter for her birthday. Suddenly he hits something and his vehicle crashes. The next morning, his teenage daughter Carol, concerned her "bad-dog" father didn\'t come home last night, convinces her boyfriend Mike to go looking with her for him. They find his crashed truck and the bracelet, but not his body. Thinking he crawled into a nearby cave, they investigate. In the cave they fall onto the gigantic orb web of an enormous spider, a Mexican redleg tarantula, which emerges from behind some rocks to get them. They manage to escape and make it back to town. Carol and Mike have a hard time convincing the Sheriff about the giant spider, but with the help of their science teacher, Mr. Kingman, they go take a look and when they are at the cave again the missing man\'s body is discovered drained of fluid. The spider attacks again convincing the sheriff, who orders large amounts of DDT to kill the giant spider, and appears successful. The apparently lifeless body of the spider is taken back to town to the high school gym where Kingman wants to study it. A group of teenagers uses the gym to practice rock and roll numbers they are going to play for a school dance. As other teenagers enter the gym they begin dancing and the giant tarantula regains consciousness and the kids run out of the gym screaming while the janitor, stopping to call the sheriff, is killed. The spider breaks out of the gym and terrorizes the town, killing a number of people before it heads back to its cave. It also pays Mrs. Kingman and her baby an unwelcome visit at their home until her husband, in his car, bangs the creature at its leg and leads it from the house. The Sheriff along with Kingman decide to use dynamite to seal the spider in, but they discover Carol and Mike are in the cave looking for the bracelet her father had bought her, which she had lost the first time in the cave. The spider chases them out onto a narrow ledge. Kingman acquires a couple of large electrodes. They run cables outside to some power lines as the tarantula is descending on a strand of web to get at the trapped teenagers. Kingman throws Mike one of the electrodes, and then they turn on the juice and electrocute the spider. The arachnid falls, impaling itself on stalagmites at the bottom of the cave.'] ["Ivan Mozer , a serial killer who has been convicted of the rape, torture and murder of 23 people; although, at his execution, he boasts of having killed 24. Mozer is sentenced to death by electrocution,which fails during a power outage caused by a riot . It was presumed by the prison staff that Mozer had been killed in the riots, however he manages to escape. The prison subsequently is abandoned. Mozer had been living within the closed prison's walls with the assistance of his father, who was employed by the state to guard the abandoned prison. 18 months later, a film crew sets their sights on the now closed prison for the filming of an exploitation film titled Death House Dollies. They discover that not only did Mozer survive his electrocution due to something in his DNA make up making him a genetic freak. But the electrical energy has made him half-alive  and thereby has Spontaneous regeneration."] ["Dr. Jennifer Allen  in Baltimore, Maryland wants to find a cure for a disease known as the Gillian virus, a disease similar yet more deadly than the West Nile virus. She and a colleague capture infected mosquitoes and give them small doses of radiation. She explains that the levels have to be exact because if the mosquitoes receive too much radiation, the results could be more devastating than the virus itself. A convict named Ray  joins Dr. Allen's program in exchange for his lifelong prison sentence. He takes a hostage and convinces Dr. Allen to open the door to the experiment room. The security guards open fire and cause an explosion that showers Ray and Dr. Allen with the chemicals and the genetically altered mosquitoes. Ray manages to flee the scene. He begins to transform into the titular monster, a deformed chimera of himself and a mosquito, yet he manages to find his way to his ex girlfriend's apartment, where the process continues. When the ex comes home, she finds it in ruins. She and Ray have a short, anxious conversation before Ray's transformation is complete and he kills her. Meanwhile Dr. Allen returns home with her boyfriend, Lt. Tom Randall . That evening, she notices her wrist is red and raw-looking. She thinks little of it, but next morning, it has spread to her entire arm. Later, while kissing Tom, she has a sudden craving for blood and bites him. He is called to Ray's girlfriend apartment and leaves. Dr. Allen rushes into the bathroom to find her arm bleeding. She convulses, falls to the floor and her skin starts to bubble. Tom arrives at the crime scene and is puzzled by the way Ray's girlfriend died. He is called to investigate another crime scene, where he encounters Mansquito. The monster seems unstoppable, until Tom shocks him with a stun gun, making him flee in pain. Tom's partner doesn't believe him at first but puts a bulletin out on the creature. At the research station, Dr. Allen discovers she is also changing into a human-mosquito hybrid, but more slowly as she received a smaller dose than Ray. Mansquito appears but doesn't try to kill her, and after she faints, the monster leaves. Tom takes her to the hospital. The doctor wants to give Dr. Allen a blood transfusion to slow down the transformation, but she replies that nothing can stop the mutation. She believes the monster sensed that she is turning into a creature like him and that once the transformation is complete, he will want to mate with her. Outside, a guard falls victim to the monster and Tom leaves to investigate. Mansquito undergoes another transformation, this time growing wings. Dr. Allen also undergoes another transformation and alerts the officers of Mansquito's arrival. They fail to stop him. The monster heads for Dr. Allen, but she manages to escape. Tom fires a rocket launcher at the oxygen tanks behind Mansquito and assumes the creature was killed by the explosion, but that is not the case. Meanwhile, back at the lab, Dr. Allen undergoes yet another transformation and releases the last batch of genetically altered mosquitoes, which have been perfected. Tom arrives and Dr. Allen tells him that Mansquito is still alive. She tries to commit suicide by stabbing herself with a syringe, because without a mate, Mansquito will die. The monster arrives and Tom fights him to no avail. Dr. Allen is seriously injured by Mansquito, who is now focused on killing her rather than mating with her. Tom uses the stun gun and once again, it works. Seeing this, Dr. Allen breaks an electrical line and electrocutes Mansquito and herself to death. Tom writes a report about the incident and the Gillian virus is wiped out by the altered mosquitoes."] ["When a powerful storm knocks Fly Creek, Georgia's power lines down onto wet soil, the resulting surge of electricity drives large, bloodthirsty worms to the surface-and then out of their soil-tilling minds. Soon, the townspeople discover that their sleepy fishing village is overrun with worms that burrow right into their skin. Inundated by hundreds of thousands of carnivorous creatures, the terrorized locals race to find the cause of the rampage-before becoming tilled under themselves."] ['In the quiet mining town of Prosperity, Arizona, an accident involving a rabbit causes a barrel of toxic waste to land in a reservoir. An exotic spider farmer named Joshua  has been making regular visits to the site, where he collects crickets for his spiders. Although the spiders have ingested the toxins, he is oblivious since the arachnids seem unaffected. Joshua shows Mike , a local boy, his collection, which include Jumping spiders, Trapdoor spiders, Tarantulas, and Orb-weaver spiders, including a female named Consuela. After Mike leaves, Joshua is bitten by an escaped tarantula and accidentally knocks down the spider cages. He is killed by the spiders and, after devouring him, the spiders grow to even huger proportions. On his way home, Mike is accosted by his mother, Sheriff Sam Stroud  and Deputy Pete pulling the toxic barrel out of the pond. Wade, the Mayor of Prosperity, is holding a town meeting in the mall about whether they should sell the mines and relocate. Chris McCormick , whose father owned the mines before he died ten years ago, shows up and stands against Wade\'s proposition. Chris also sparks a romance with Sam. Meanwhile, Harlan Griffiths , an eccentric extraterrestrial enthusiast, is broadcasting his theory that various missing pets around town have been abducted by extraterrestrials. Inevitably his theory is dismissed as the product of a deranged imagination. Mike sneaks out on foot and finds Joshua and the spiders missing, the farm covered in webbing, and the dead body of Joshua. Although he sees an enormous spider shadow in the mines and tells Chris that the spiders have grown to enormous sizes, based on a giant spider leg he found at the mine entrance, Chris disbelieves his story. Meanwhile, the mines have reopened with the miners searching for a famous gold lode. One miner is eaten by a gigantic spider, whose clan have made the mines their home. Seeing as the entire town is connected in some way to the mines, spiders show up in many different places. Deputy Pete Williams  cat has a fight with one of the spiders in the air vents before being eaten and some of the ostriches on Wade\'s farm are devoured by Trap Door Spiders, Ashley breaks up with her boyfriend Bret, and he and his motorcyclist friends are chased by jumping spiders, with him being the only survivor, accidentally cutting off the telephone line and being stuck in the mine. Chris finds out that his Aunt Gladys and her dog are abducted by a male orb weaver in their basement. Sam is convinced Chris and Mike are delusional. However, her skepticism fades and she realizes that Chris and Mike were right all along when she witnesses a giant male orb-weaver attempting to abduct Ashley , her daughter and Chris; Sam saves them both. Meanwhile Bret, still wandering the mines, gets a good peek at the giant Consuela during her feeding. Sam contacts Pete and tells him to bring all guns in the police station\'s possession and they escape to Harlan\'s trailer, knowing he has a radio station that he operates from within his trailer. As Sam broadcasts the threat over the radio, a giant tarantula, the "tank" of the horde, assaults the trailer but they manage to escape. As the town is besieged by vicious spider hordes, many people are eaten, Chris tries to convince Harlan that the spiders are "from Earth" but ends up convincing him that they are "Spiders from Mars" to make him happy, Sam tells everybody to evacuate to the mall. Chris, Sam, Mike, Ashley, Harlan, Wade and many other townspeople all escape and barricade themselves in the mall  and defend themselves from the spiders. Meanwhile, Harlan and Chris climb onto the roof and ascend the radio mast and try to get a signal to call the army as they are being attacked by the spiders, but are believed to be pranksters. Harlan jumps from the roof, after the tarantula breaks open the gates and lets the spiders enter the mall, and lands in some bushes, where he meets up with Pete. The two run from spiders as Chris meets up with the remaining townsfolk and goes down to the basement. Meanwhile Bret, still wandering the mines, encounters the cowardly Wade before his abduction. While the townsfolk are in the basement, Bret arrives on a forklift that brings down the locked gate, and they all head to through the mines straight to the front entrance, discovering the methane-filled tunnels. After losing Norman and freeing Wade, Chris goes to look for his Aunt Gladys in the mines and finds her and the gold his father was searching for, but is confronted by the gigantic Consuela. He uses perfume to distract the spider and the escapes using Bret\'s motorcycle. Chris then blows up the spiders and the mines utilizing Gladys\'s smoking addiction and the high concentrations of methane gas. The police finally arrive. They had not believed the reports of the spiders but believed Harlarn\'s theory that the assailants were extraterrestrial in nature, until Pete tells them that the assailants were "just spiders, that had ingested extremely high levels of toxic waste." He tries to show this is true by showing his head, thinking  that his hair grew back, but unfortunately it did not. As the story ends, Harlan is heard making a radio report about the spiders. He concludes that the town has decided to cover up the whole incident, but have let Harlan continue broadcasting the incident, knowing nobody will believe him. He also mentions Chris reopening the gold mines and putting everyone back to work, but tells us "that is another story altogether." As the camera zooms in close on his mouth, it is clear that he now has three gold teeth.'] ['Butterflies have apparently become a lethal weapon. Several rivals contend for a mysterious prize, using a variety of unusual weapons.'] ['Two teenagers exploring at night come upon an apparently abandoned military installation. They take advantage of what appears to be a swimming pool to skinny dip. The teenagers are attacked by an unseen force and disappear under the water. A light activates in the main building and a silhouetted figure investigates the screams, but is too late to help. A determined but somewhat absent-minded insurance investigator named Maggie McKeown  is dispatched to find the missing teenagers near Lost River Lake. She hires surly backwoods drunkard Paul Grogan  to serve as her guide. They come upon the abandoned compound, which functioned as a fish hatchery prior to being militarized. They discover bizarre specimens in jars and indications of an occupant. Maggie locates the drainage switch for the outside pool and decides to empty it to search the bottom, but the moment she activates it a haggard and frantic man attacks her, attempting to stop the draining until he is subdued by Grogan. The two find a skeleton in the filtration trap of the empty pool, and learn it was filled with salt water. The man awakens and steals their jeep, but crashes it due to his disorientation, and is taken to Grogan\'s home where they spend the night. They take Grogan\'s homemade raft down the river, where the man wakes up and tells them that the pool in the facility was filled with a school of piranhas, and that Maggie released them into the river. They are skeptical until they come across the corpse of Grogan\'s friend Jack , who has bled to death from an attack on a fishing dock. The man reveals himself to be Doctor Robert Hoak ([[Kevin McCarthy , the lead scientist of a defunct Vietnam War project, Operation: Razorteeth, which was tasked with engineering a ravenous and prodigious strain of piranha that could endure the cold water of the North Vietnamese rivers and inhibit Viet Cong movement. The project was shut down when the war ended, but some of the mutant specimens survived the poisoning protocols, and Hoak tended to them to salvage his work. Grogan realizes that if the local dam is opened, The School will have access to the Lost River water park  and summer camp on the other side, where his daughter is in attendance. Traveling downriver, they encounter a capsized canoe with a boy whose father has been killed by the fish. Hoak rescues the boy but suffers mortal injuries when The School attacks him; he dies before he can tell how to kill them. Blood from Hoak\'s corpse causes the piranha to tear away the raft\'s lashings, and they barely get to shore. Grogan stops the dam attendant from opening the spillway and calls the military. A military team led by Colonel Waxman ([[Bruce Gordon  and former Razorteeth scientist Dr. Mengers  feed poison into the upstream section, ignoring the protests that the fish survived the first attempt. When Grogan discovers that a tributary bypasses the dam, Waxman and Mengers quarantine them to prevent the agitated pair from alerting the media. When they escape, Waxman alerts law enforcement to capture them. The School attacks the summer camp during a swimming marathon, injuring and killing many children and a supervisor; Grogan\'s daughter, however, escapes due to her fear of water, and eventually rallies herself to aid her camp mates in escaping the killer fish. The School continues downriver. Waxman and Mengers arrive at the water park to intercept Grogan and Maggie, but the piranha attack the resort and kill a lot of vacationers, including Waxman. Grogan and Maggie commanded a speedboat and rush to the shuttered smelting plant at the narrowest point of the river. Remembering the empty facility pond, Grogan realizes the fish can survive in salt water; if the school passes the delta, they will reach the ocean and spread over the entire world. He intends to open the smelting refuse tanks, hoping that the industrial waste will kill the fish. They arrive at the plant ahead of the fish, but the elevated water level has submerged the control office, and Grogan must go underwater; he ties a rope around his waist and instructs Maggie to count to 100 before pulling him out. Grogan struggles to move the rusted valve wheel when The School arrives and attacks him. The assault hyperadrenalizes him, and he manages to open the valves just as Maggie guns the engine and pulls him to safety. Maggie takes Grogan back to the water park, where a massive MEDEVAC is tending to the victims; his injuries are severe and he is seen in a catatonic state. Mengers gives an on-site television interview, providing a sanitized version of events and downplaying the existence of piranha. Her voice is heard carrying out over a radio on the shore of a West Coast beach. As she says "there\'s nothing left to fear", the piranha\'s characteristic trilling sound drowns out the waves on a beach, indicating that the fish have made it to the ocean.'] ["A baby anaconda, captured at the end of Anaconda 3: Offspring, is being used for experiments by a scientist. He creates a hybrid of the blood orchids from Borneo that enabled the anaconda to grow so large and live so long, and creates a serum for cell regeneration. When he disappears and the snake escapes, Murdoch, a billionaire suffering from bone cancer, sends a team to find him  and the serum because that serum can cure him. He also tells them to be careful of Dr. Amanda Hayes, and to kill her if needed. Dr. Amanda Hayes and two officers also go in search of the scientist, determined to destroy the serum and kill the snake. On the way they meet Alex, a trekker who appears lost in the Carpathians while doing a pathology project. The two groups encounter more people  who are holidaying and trekking but get dragged into the search for the snake. Due to the serum, the anaconda can no longer die without significant damage to its internal organs. During the course of the film, Heather gets poisoned and falls ill due to an unknown insect bite. Most of the people are attacked and eaten by the snake. It first kills an unnamed hunter working for Murdoch. When the other hunters find Hayes, her group and Jackson's group, they shoot an already injured Patrick  and Wendy for trying to escape. The snake finds them and devours Leila, and Hakeem. Amanda and Jackson are forced to find the serum, and are accompanied by two henchmen of Eugene to find the serum. They put up at the scientist's house.There the two find the serum but keep it hidden. The anaconda strikes the house and devours one gunman, and while the other is trying to fight it off, Amanda and Alex escape. Jackie corners them, but is taken by surprise by Jackson. The snake attacks Jackie and he blows himself accidentally. It then chases Amanda and Jackson. Jackson sacrifices himself to the snake to buy time for Amanda to run. In one attempt to destroy the snake Amanda throws a gasoline tank at the snake then explodes the gasoline tank, which then splits the snake in two, but the snake regenerates. Back at the basecamp, Murdoch appears, but is in for a rude shock when he sees that his arch enemy is also there, and that Eugene has joined hands with the latter. Seeing the melee they are in, Scott stabs Eugene, makes him shoot Murdoch's rival and then fights Armon but is shot by the latter. As he is going to kill Scott, there bursts Amanda, shooting Armon. Murdoch then appears and demands that Amanda give him the serum. As they do that, he keeps his word not to kill them, and tells them to leave. As the remaining survivors leave in the jeep, Murdoch injects himself with the serum and discovers that the serum works, but is killed by the anaconda. The anaconda then pursues the survivors: Amanda, Jackson, Alex, Chanel and Heather who are in a car with one of Murdoch's hunters, Eugene, who clings on the back of the jeep and grabs Jackson. Amanda kicks him out of the car with two grenades in hand. While the snake devours him the snake is blown to bits. As Amanda, Jackson, Chanel, Alex and Heather leave, the anaconda, who seems to have regenerated, appears and slithers into the forest."] ['The story involves a small town cosmetic company chemist  who is upset at his wealthy employers, because he feels they have denied him his due share of company success. To get revenge, he breeds giant bats. He then conditions them to kill those wearing a special after-shave lotion he has concocted. He cleverly distributes the lotion to his enemies as a "test" product. Once they have applied the lotion, the chemist then releases his Devil Bats in the night, which kill his two former partners and three members of their families. A hot shot big city reporter gets assigned by his editor to cover and help solve the murders. He  and his bumbling photographer  begin to unwind the mystery with some comic sidelights. The mad chemist is, predictably, done in by his own shaving lotion, and by his own creation—the dreaded Devil Bat.'] ['Eric Kirby and Ben Hildebrand, go parasailing off the restricted coast of Isla Sorna. The men piloting their boat goes missing, causing the boat to crash and the parasail to glide towards the island. Alan Grant and Ellie Sattler remained close since their incident at Isla Nublar but never married, with Sattler having married a lawyer named Mark Degler. After dinner, Grant tells Sattler that recent research indicates that Velociraptors were far more intelligent than previously perceived. At Grant\'s excavation site at Fort Peck Lake, Montana, Grant\'s graduate school assistant Billy Brennan reveals a replica of a Velociraptor\'s larynx created from scanning a raptor skull. Grant is approached by Paul and Amanda Kirby, owners of a corporation called Kirby Enterprises. They inform Grant that they wish to hire him to give them an aerial tour of Isla Sorna. He initially refuses, but is persuaded by their offer to fund his excavation. The plane carrying Grant, Billy, the Kirbys, Nash, Udesky and Cooper arrives at Isla Sorna. Grant objects when he learns the team intends to land on the island, but is knocked unconscious by the mercenary Cooper. Grant regains consciousness when he hears Amanda use a megaphone to call out to somebody in the jungle, which draws the attention of a Spinosaurus. The mercenaries usher the group onto the plane. The plane starts down the runway, but Cooper appears, drawing the Spinosaurus into the plane\'s path and devouring Cooper. The plane\'s propellor gets damaged on the Spinosaurus\'s sail and it crashes in a tree. The Spinosaurus attacks the plane, Nash slips and falls into the mouth of the Spinosaurus and is eaten alive. The plane falls from the tree and the Spinosaurus rolls it around. The group flees. They encounter a Tyrannosaurus, which chases them back to the Spinosaurus. The Tyrannosaurus and Spinosaurus fight until the Spinosaurus snaps the Tyrannosaurus neck, replacing it as king of the dinosaurs. The group flees the site. Grant learns that the Kirbys are actually a divorced couple and owners of a small business. They are in search of their son Eric, who was stranded on the island along with Amanda\'s friend Ben Hildebrand eight weeks earlier. The group heads towards the coast, hoping to be rescued. They discover a parasail with Ben\'s corpse and a video camera containing footage from their crash. The group comes across a derelict InGen laboratory. After exploring the compound, they are attacked by a Velociraptor, which calls to its pack for assistance. Outside, Paul, Amanda, and Billy lose Grant and Udesky. Udesky is trying to find the group only to be killed by a Velociraptor . Grant is surrounded by a Velociraptor pack but is rescued by Eric who uses tear gas on them. The group reunites after Eric hears the ringtone of his father\'s satellite phone, which emanated from within the Spinosaurus that had attacked them at the runway. Grant discovers that Billy stole two eggs from a Velociraptor nest, intending to use revenue from them to fund the excavation. Grant berates Billy as being no better than InGen. Grant decides to store the eggs in his bag instead, reasoning that they could bargain with the Velociraptors for the eggs, in exchange for their lives. The group sets out for a boat docked at a nearby river. They pass through a Pteranodon\'s cage. Billy rescues Eric from the pterasaurs, but is viciously attacked and presumed dead. The group escapes onto a boat and while navigating down the river, the phone is heard from within Spinosaurus\'s excrement and is recovered. While Grant is calling Ellie for assistance, the Spinosaurus attacks them again. As the boat is capsizing, Grant is only able to get out the words, "The river! Site B!". Paul and Grant manage to drive away the Spinosaurus, but are unsure if Ellie will be able to send help. The group is close to shore, when they are confronted by Velociraptors. Grant delivers the eggs and uses Billy\'s Velociraptor resonating chamber to communicate. On the beach, U.S. Marine helicopters and infantry arrive, scaring off the Velociraptors. The party boards the helicopter where they are reunited with Billy, who is still alive but seriously injured. As they depart, three Pteranodons fly off into the distance.'] ['Monkey Shines tells the story of an athlete, Alan Mann , who is rendered quadriplegic when struck by a truck. Mann fails to adjust to his condition, becoming suicidal and despondent. When Geoffrey, a scientist friend of his , who has been experimenting with the injection of human brain tissue into monkeys, learns this, he is prompted to supply one of the experimental monkeys, named "Ella" , to Alan as a helper. Their relationship is amicable at first, with Mann\'s life being made much easier, and the two bond deeply, even sharing poignant moments with moving music. But soon their interaction takes a decidedly sinister turn. The monkey seems to become a telepathic receptacle for Mann\'s anger at his state and his desire for revenge against friends and family for slights both real and imagined. Simultaneously, Mann develops a romantic relationship with Melanie , a specialist in quadriplegia and helper monkeys. The film contains a rare example of an intimate love scene with a severely handicapped protagonist. Ella\'s protectiveness turns to savage jealousy even as Alan is informed that his condition may be reversible. First, she kills Alan\'s former girlfriend , who is now in a relationship with his former doctor , by setting their romantic hideaway on fire. Ella then kills Alan\'s jealous, overbearing mother , by electrocuting her in the bathtub. Ella then kills Geoffrey by injecting him with the very syringe of Sodium pentobarbitone he had intended to use on her, and disables Melanie, before trying to light her on fire. Alan, helpless and alone, is able to summon the strength to turn on the tape player with the romantic music, summoning Ella to cuddle close to him. When Ella cradles Alan\'s head, Alan, rightfully betraying Ella\'s trust, bites and thrashes his head back and forth in a violent manner, hitting Ella into the handles of his wheelchair before finally relinquishing his bite and throwing her toward the open deck of his tape machine, killing Ella. Alan undergoes surgery to restore his mobility, eventually regaining the ability to walk short distances with the aid of crutches. But before then, as he in rest post-surgery, he has a nightmare that he flat-lines and Ella leaps out of his back while the doctor is making his surgical incision.'] ["In preparation for sending a manned rocket into space, American scientists Dr. Quent Brady and Dan Morgan are put in charge of a program that sends various animals and insects into space to test their survival rates. After one of their rockets carrying wasps malfunctions and goes off course, a computer calculates that the rocket is likely to land somewhere off the coast of Africa. Some time later, in a remote part of Africa, Dr. Lorentz and his daughter Lorna perform an autopsy on a native and determine that he died of paralysis of the nerve centers caused by an injection of a massive amount of venom. Arobi, Lorentz' African assistant, then informs him that a monster is believed to be terrorizing people and animals in an area known as Green Hell. Several months later, Brady reads a newspaper account of turmoil in Central Africa caused by gigantic monsters and surmises that the wasps in the missing rocket were exposed to huge amounts of cosmic radiation because an earlier, minimal overexposure had resulted in the birth of a spider crab twice the size of its mother. Brady and Morgan request a leave of absence from Washington and head for Africa to investigate. In Libreville, equatorial Africa, the territorial agent makes plans for them to travel to meet Dr. Lorentz. Once the safari is ready, Mahri, an Arab, leads Brady and Morgan on the four-hundred mile trek to Lorentz' hospital. The safari battles brush fires, fever, drought and storms, eventually reaching the Lorentz compound where Lorna informs them that her father has not returned from a journey to Green Hell. Later, Arobi arrives with the news that Lorentz has been killed by a monster living in the cauldron of a volcano and gives Brady a giant stinger he removed from the doctor's shoulder. After Brady analyzes the stinger, he confirms that it belongs to a giant, deadly wasp. Although Brady advises Lorna to stay at the hospital, she insists on accompanying him, Morgan, Mahri and Arobi to Green Hell. When the native bearers learn of the destination, they desert, and although Lorna is able to shame several local villagers into helping, they, too, run off when the group comes upon a deserted native village littered with dead bodies. After Brady expresses his concern that the insects may be multiplying rapidly and could eventually overrun all of Africa, he states that they must destroy the queen and her immediate colony. Brady then explains to Mahri that he has brought small, grenade-like bombs, filled with a special explosive, to use against the monsters. As they move closer to the base of the volcano, which shows signs of an imminent eruption, they hear a very loud, buzzing sound. When Brady looks down from a ridge above the volcano, he finds the queen and several gigantic wasps. The four men toss grenades into the bowl, but the explosions only serve to anger the wasps. Lorna and the men are pursued by one of the wasps, the size of a large building, but hide in a cave that it cannot enter. The group escapes through another entrance, and, just as they emerge, the volcano erupts, spewing massive lava flows that destroy all the wasps in the conflagration. Morgan then notes that nature has a way of destroying its mistakes."] ['Mad Scientist Morgan wants sole access to secret diamond mines in the local area of Africa. In order to accomplish this he breeds giant crayfish  to scare away any other inhabitants. Jean Evans, the Panther Girl, and friend Larry Sanders encounter this plot while on a photo safari in the region.'] ['Jake Cullen  lives with his grandson in the Australian outback when a massive razorback boar attacks him, destroying his house and killing his grandson. He is accused of murdering the child but is acquitted due to lack of evidence. However his dignity is destroyed. Two years later, a wildlife reporter, Beth Winters, journeys to the outback to document the hunting of Australian wildlife to be used as animal food, processed in a large factory, but she is attacked by two deranged locals, Benny and Dicko, who leave her to be killed by the beast. Her husband, Carl, goes in search of her, and aids Jake Cullen and his young associate, Sarah Cameron, in hunting for the razorback responsible for her death. As they search for the creature, Benny and Dicko worry that they may be associated with the murder of Beth Winters, so they attack Cullen and leave him to be killed by the boar. Vowing revenge for his wife and his friend, Carl finds Benny and lowers him into a mineshaft, presumably killing him, and finds Dicko in the factory. Before he can kill him, the razorback surges and mauls Dicko to death before chasing after Carl and Sarah, where they face off inside the processing factory. Carl lures the boar  into pursuing him down a conveyor belt, at the end of which is a large industrial fan. Not able to stop itself, the boar falls to its demise onto the blades of the fan, while Carl rescues Sarah.'] ['The film taking place in Host, Missouri about a species of fluke-like parasites that have been mutated after ingesting enhanced cow feed. They infect animals  from the inside and grow at an enormous rate, bursting out of their hosts when they became adults. They go on a rampage, eating anything in their way until they were all killed in a massive explosion.'] ['Mild-mannered everyman Bart Hughes has a great bourgeois life in New York City. When his wife and child leave for a vacation, Bart stays behind to work on a project that should get him a promotion. Some sort of rodent in his basement starts to bother him and consumes his time. Bart becomes obsessed with it and eventually starts losing his mind while trying to kill the creature, destroying most of his house in the process.'] ["Joanna , a New Orleans woman, arrives at the South American cocoa plantation to meet her new husband, plantation owner Christopher Leiningen , whom she has married by proxy. Leiningen is cold and remote to her, rebuffing all her attempts to make friends with him. She's beautiful, independent, and arrives ready to be his stalwart helpmate; however, no one has told him she's a widow. He rejects her. As she awaits the boat to take her back to the United States, they learn that legions of army ants - the Marabunta - will strike in a few days' time. Leiningen refuses to give up the home he fought so hard to create. Instead of evacuating, he resolves to make a stand against this indomitable natural predator. Joanna joins the fight to save the plantation; their courage and his probable loss of all he's worked for may crack his resolve to send her away."] ['Four customers purchase  items from Temptations Limited, an antiques shop whose motto is "Offers You Cannot Resist". A nasty fate awaits all of them—particularly those who cheat the shop\'s Proprietor . The Gatecrasher - Edward Charlton  purchases an antique mirror for a knockdown price, having tricked the Proprietor into believing it is a reproduction. When he takes it home, Charlton holds a séance at the suggestion of his friends, and falls into a trance. He finds himself in a netherworld where he is approached by a sinister figure. The figure appears to stab him, and Charlton awakes screaming. Later, the figure\'s face appears in the mirror and orders Charlton to kill so that he can "feed". Charlton butchers people until the apparition is able to manifest himself outside of the mirror. The figure then explains that Charlton must do one more thing before the figure can walk abroad and join the others like him. The figure says he will take Charlton "beyond the ultimate", and persuades Charlton to kill himself by impaling himself on a knife. The mirror stays in Charlton\'s flat for years after his death, until the latest owner also decides to hold a séance. Once the séance starts, Charlton\'s hungry spectre appears in the mirror. An Act of Kindness – Christopher Lowe is a frustrated middle management drone trapped in a loveless marriage with Mabel . Bullied by his wife, and shown no respect by his son, he befriends Jim Underwood  an old soldier now scratching out a living as a match and shoe lace seller. In an effort to impress, Lowe tells Underwood that he is a decorated soldier. To back up this lie, he tries to persuade the Proprietor to sell him a Distinguished Service medal. When the Proprietor asks that Lowe provide the certificate to prove he had previously been awarded the medal, Lowe steals the medal. Underwood is impressed by the medal, and asks Lowe to come to his house for tea. Once there he meets Underwood’s daughter, Emily . Over time Lowe is seduced by Emily\'s frankly rather creepy charms, and they start an affair. Emily then produces a miniature doll of Mabel, and holds a knife to it. She asks Lowe to order her to do his will. Lowe agrees that she should cut the doll. When she does, a drop of blood appears from its mouth. A disturbed Lowe dashes home to find Mabel dead. Underwood and Emily then appear at Lowe’s home, and walk in to the sound of the wedding march. Later, Emily and Lowe are married. Lowe\'s son (played by the future writer [[John O\'Farrell  and Jim Underwood attend the wedding. When the time comes to cut the cake, Emily asks all present whether they wish her to. They all agree and Emily brings the knife down, but rather than cut the cake, she cuts into the head of the decorative groom on top. Blood pours out of it, and Lowe falls on to the table, dead. Underwood and Emily explain to Lowe\'s son that they always answer the prayers of a child "in one way or another". The Elemental – Reggie Warren  is a somewhat pompous business man who enters Temptations Ltd and puts the price tag of a cheaper snuff box in the one he wants to buy, whilst out of sight. The Proprietor sells him the box at the altered price, bidding him farewell with a cheery "I hope you enjoy snuffing it." On the train home, an apparently batty old clairvoyant/white witch, Madame Orloff  disturbs Warren whilst he reads his paper, advising him he has an Elemental on his shoulder. Warren dismisses her, but has cause to call on her services when his dog disappears and his wife Susan  is attacked and choked half to death by an unseen force. Orloff exorcises the Elemental from Warrens\' home, and all seems well—even the dog returns. Later though the Warrens hear noises up stairs, and Reggie heads up to investigate. He is knocked down and falls to the foot of the stairs, unconscious. When he awakes, he finds Susan possessed by the elemental. She/It says Reggie tried to deny her life, and kills him before cackling and having a smashing time walking through the front door. The Door – William Seaton  is a writer who purchases an ancient ornate door from the Proprietor. He is unable to meet the Proprietor\'s asking price, but agrees a reduced price with him. When the Proprietor goes to the back of the shop to note Seaton\'s details, he leaves the till open. After Seaton leaves, the Proprietor starts counting the money in the till. Seaton\'s wife, Rosemary  thinks the door is too grand to lead to stationery cupboard, but when she touches it seems to be able to see what originally lay behind it. The Door begins to exert a strange fascination over Seaton, and he finds that when he opens it a mysterious blue room lies beyond. There, he finds the notes of Sir Michael Sinclair , an evil occultist who created the door as a means to trap those who entered through it, so that Sinclair can take their souls and live forever. Seaton escapes, but when he tries to leave his house he finds that the door’s influence has spread, and he and Rosemary are trapped. In a trance, Rosemary is unable to stop herself from opening to the door and entering the room, where she is incapacitated by Sinclair. Sinclair carries her through the doorway, mocking Seaton by asking him to follow, as two souls are better than one. Seaton starts to smash the door with an axe, and the room and Sinclair start to crumble. Seaton tries to rescue Rosemary, but is attacked by Sinclair. Seaton has Rosemary continue axing the door, and manages to break free. They continue demolishing the door, destroying the room and turning Sinclair to a skeleton and then dust when they break the door from its hinges. Back at the shop, the Proprietor finishes counting and finds all the money present and correct. Between each of the segments, a shady character is seen to be casing the shop. In the end, he enters and persuades the Proprietor to hand him two loaded antique pistols. He then tries to rob the Proprietor, who refuses to hand him any money and walks towards the thief. The thief shoots, but finds bullets cannot stop the Proprietor. Terrified, the thief staggers back, is hit by a swinging skeleton, falls into what appears to be a combination of a coffin and an iron maiden, and is spiked to death. "Nasty", the Proprietor says. The Proprietor then welcomes the viewer as his next customer, and explains he caters for all tastes, and that each purchase comes with "a big novelty surprise".'] ["An earthquake releases a bunch of mutant cockroaches that can create fire by rubbing their cerci together. Eventually most of the bugs die because they cannot survive in the low air pressure on the Earth's surface, but a scientist  keeps one alive in a pressure chamber. He successfully breeds the cockroach with a modern bug creating a breed of intelligent, flying super-bugs."] ['Robert "Rack" Hansen , a veterinarian in rural Verde Valley, Arizona, United States, receives an urgent call from a local farmer, Walter Colby . Colby is upset because his prize calf has become sick for no apparent reason, and brings the animal to Hansen\'s laboratory. Hansen examines the calf, which dies shortly afterward. Hansen tells Colby he cannot explain what made the animal so ill so quickly, but takes samples of the calf\'s blood to a university lab in Flagstaff. A few days later, Diane Ashley , an arachnologist, arrives looking for Hansen. Ashley tells Hansen that the calf was killed by a massive dose of spider venom, which Hansen greets with skepticism. Undaunted, Ashley tells him the problem is serious and that she wishes to examine the animal\'s carcass and the area where it became sick. Hansen escorts Ashley to Colby\'s farm. Moments after they arrive, Colby\'s wife, Birch , discovers their dog is dead. Ashley performs a quick chemical test on the dog\'s carcass and concludes that like the calf, it died from a massive injection of spider venom. Hansen is incredulous, until Colby states that he recently found a massive "spider hill" on a back section of his farmland. He takes Hansen and Ashley to the hill, which is covered with tarantulas. Ashley theorizes that the tarantulas are converging together due to the heavy use of pesticides, which are eradicating their natural food supply. In order to survive, the spiders are joining forces to attack and eat larger animals. Hansen and Ashley return to the Colby farm. As the scientists and the Colbys are walking past a barn, a bull stampedes out; it is being attacked by tarantulas. Ashley notes that the spiders likely will not be afraid to attack people either. Colby douses the spider hill with gasoline and lights it on fire, seemingly destroying the spider menace. However, many of the spiders escape out of a tunnel. Colby is attacked in his truck the next day, sending it over the side of a hill and killing him. Hansen happens upon the accident scene and helps the sheriff, Gene Smith , examine the wreckage. Colby\'s body is found encased in a cocoon of spider webs. Meanwhile, Ashley is notified by her colleagues that a sample of venom from one of the spiders is five times more toxic than normal. Hansen is then told by the sheriff that several more spider hills have been located on Colby\'s property. Hansen, Ashley and the sheriff examine the hills along with the mayor of Camp Verde , who orders the sheriff to spray the hills and the surrounding countryside with a pesticide. Ashley protests, arguing that pesticide use is what caused the problem to begin with and that the town would be better off using birds and rats  to eradicate them. The mayor dismisses the idea, fearing that having a large number of spiders and rats all over the countryside will scare away patrons of the annual county fair. A crop duster is enlisted to spray the pesticide. Once the pilot is airborne, he is attacked by tarantulas, and crashes the plane before he can disperse the spray. The spiders begin their assault on the local residents, killing Birch and Hansen\'s sister-in-law, Terri . Hansen arrives at their home and rescues Terri\'s daughter, Linda from the spiders. Hansen and Ashley take Linda to the Washburn Lodge. They consult with the sheriff, who tells them that the spiders are everywhere and Camp Verde cut off from the outside world. Smith drives into town, while Hansen and the other survivors at the lodge plan to load up an RV and escape. However, the spiders trap them in the lodge, and they barricade themselves inside. Meanwhile, Smith arrives in Camp Verde and finds the town under siege by the spiders. Smith tries to escape, but is killed when another car crashes into a support post under the town\'s water tower, causing it to fall on his vehicle. Back at the lodge, the power goes out, and Hansen is forced to venture into the lodge\'s basement to change a blown fuse. He succeeds, but is besieged by spiders who break through one of the basement windows, by using their combined weight. He makes it upstairs just in time to be saved by Ashley. The film concludes the next day, with the survivors rigging up a radio receiver and listening for news of the attacks. To their surprise, the radio broadcast doesn\'t mention the attacks, indicating that the outside world is oblivious to what has happened. Hansen pries off the boards from one of the lodge\'s windows, and discovers that the entire building is encased in a giant web cocoon. The camera pulls back, and all of Camp Verde is encased in cocoons as well.'] ['Steven McKray , a marine biologist, travels to a small African fishing village to investigate a series of violent shark attacks, only to discover that sharks are not the only problem. This movie features very few on-screen shark attacks. However, an attack on a tourist dangling her leg in the water is very realistic and in line with documented shark attacks. Instead of the shark taking off her whole leg, it takes out a large chunk of flesh, which later required surgical amputation.'] ["Medical examiner Sam Rivers and biologist Mary Callahan travel into the bayou to investigate the mysterious death of a fisherman. Having grown up in the area, Sam is comfortable in his surroundings while Mary is not. They find Elmer noodling for catfish in the swamp canals. With Elmer, Sam and Mary travel up river to the fishing community. They meet Gloria, the wife of the deceased fisherman. Gloria's daughter Eliza and her semi-boyfriend Dan also live in the house. Gloria explains that a boat washed up river a few months ago and strange things have happened since. Sam and Mary find the boat along the bank of a canal. They explore the interior while Elmer waits in the canoe outside. They discover the remains of the crew in the hold. Upset, Mary clumsily knocks Elmer from the canoe and something drags him down. Sam and Mary flee in the canoe, unaware that they have triggered a homing signal on the ship. On the mainland a team relays the information to their employer a wealthy bounty hunter. One of the villagers heard noises while on his porch. He leans over the edge and a frankenfish leaps up and decapitates him. His girlfriend attempts to escape the houseboat on a canoe but the fish flips her out and devours her. Frightened, the group tries to flee in boats but the fish destroys them. On a neighboring stilt house, Ricardo baits a large hook using an entire catfish and manages to land one of the frankenfish. Nearly as big as a full-grown man, the fish can breathe air and hops forward biting at Ricardo's legs. Ricardo manages to kill it with a shotgun blast to the head. In vengeance he tears out its heart and barbecues it. As he takes his first bite a second frankenfish leaps from the water and devours him. While everyone panics, Mary declares she has an idea on how to get off the boathouse. Before she can explain a shotgun, left in the still-burning fire from the barbecue, shoots her. The same fire propels a propane tank into the boathouse causing an explosion that sends Eliza into the water. Sam dives in and rescues her at the same time a frankenfish leaps from the water and bites off Gloria's legs. The fish have begun attacking the boathouses, punching holes in them to make them sink. The bounty hunter and his crew arrive and the fish attack them too. Knocked out of the boat, they swim quickly to the safety of the sinking stilt houses. The hunter explains that the fish are genetically engineered snakeheads. Sam, Eliza and Dan have no choice but to join the hunter in pursuing the fish. The crew follows a trail of blood back to the fish's den. The hunter forces Sam at gunpoint to enter first. Sam flees the den as behind him a frankenfish kills two hunters. Dan, Sam and Eliza quickly leave on the fan boat, chased by the frankenfish. Dan falls from the boat during the chase but scrambles up a mudbank. Realizing they cannot outrace the monster, Sam drives the fanboat up a stand of tree stumps and knocks off the protective lining of the fan. Unable to slow its momentum, the frankenfish launches into the whirling blades to its death. Sam and Eliza kiss and go back the way they came to get Dan. However, Dan is trapped in the mud as dozens of baby frankenfish attack him."] ["A small town, desperate to recover from hard economic times, is under threat when the voracious snakehead fish mutate, surviving previous chemical attacks. The fish transform from pests to predators when human growth hormones are dumped into the local lake in the hopes of reviving the local fishing industry. Thriving on the hormones, the Snakehead fish grow to monstrous proportions, devouring everything within reach. Capable of moving and eating on land, they are forced to leave the now barren lake in a desperate search for food - animal, vegetable or human. In a race against time, the local Sheriff and biologist Lori Dale, try to save the Sheriff's teenage daughter and her friends, along with the town itself, from being eaten alive."] ['The Movie opens with a scene with four Teenagers having a party on a Boat out in the middle of the Atlantic ocean. Suddenly, the boat begins to rock back and forth, the stereo slides into the water from the force of something bumping the boat from below. The Hull of the Boat explodes with a 35-Foot Great White Shark emerging from beneath it, attacking the hull and ripping it to pieces. The teenagers fall into the ocean and the Great White Shark races towards them, intent on devouring them when it is stopped by two harpoons to its side. A man on another boat is seen shooting the shark as the frightened teenagers look on. Back on land, Dr.Susan McAlester has been called to meet with the President and a corporate executive of Chimera Pharmaceuticals to discuss the escaped shark\'s attack. Russell Franklin at first has no need for her project anymore, but after giving it some thought decides to return with McAlester to Aquatica, a remote former submarine refueling facility that, thanks to Franklin\'s company was turned into a research facility to study sharks and a cure for Alzheimer\'s disease, to survey the experiment for himself. At Aquatica they meet Janice Higgins, a marine biologist. McAlester leaves Franklin with Janice and goes off, and Janice explains to Franklin what the scientists do at Aquatica. Meanwhile, the Shark Wrangler, Carter Blake is swimming in a pen with a Tiger Shark. The shark begins to stalk Carter and Franklin becomes concerned. The shark moves in for an attack but Carter expertly flips onto its back and managing to extract a license plate from its mouth before releasing it. Franklin and Janice soon see Dr. Jim Whitlock who, along with McAlester is heading the experiment. Night comes and Dr. McAlester is called to the surface level for an emergency by the tower\'s secretary, Brenda. Concerned, as she sees emergency flares go up, she suddenly turns around as shouts of "Happy Birthday!" come at her from above from the skeleton crew: Brenda, Carter, the cook Sherman "Preacher" Dudley , Jim, Tom Scoggs and Franklin. During the party Carter comes up to her and tells her the three test sharks are becoming more "pack-like" and that they\'ll only eat other sharks, as they had expertly synchronized an attack on the same tiger shark and devoured it. McAlester brushes it off, and goes away leaving Carter and Tom alone. Dawn breaks and a storm is brewing. Down below the whole crew is uptight and nervous as the day of testing arrives. Carter goes into the water to retrieve the biggest of the three sharks from her pen but is attacked by the other two smaller sharks who synchronized. their movements. Startled, Blake raises his gun to mock-shoot the sharks, but they quickly back off and swim away much to the surprise of the others who are watching Carter. Then the surveillance cameras go out one by one and it is quickly apparent that the two small sharks have bitten and severed the cameras so the scientists could no longer see Carter or the sharks. Tom tries unsuccessfully to get the cameras working as Carter, now inside the larger shark\'s pen, is being stalked by the shark. The shark attacks Carter\'s dive vest as Carter shoots it and loads it onto the boarding platform. As he and the shark appear the team quickly maneuvers into place to begin their testing. The team manages to remove brain tissue from the largest shark and Dr. McAlester sees for herself that the tissue can reactivate the dead brain cells of an Alzheimer\'s patient. Pleased, Franklin congratulates her and her team as Jim takes out a cigarette and goes over to the still knocked out shark who then suddenly wakes up and attacks Jim, severing his arm. McAlester manages to lower the platform back into the water, saving the shark from being killed by Carter. The others load Jim into a helicopter to be flown to a hospital. But the crew of the helicopter loose the grip on the rope. It unravels and Jim is plunged back into the water, then grabbed by one of the test sharks who begins to pull the stretcher, and the helicopter towards the research structure, unbeknownst to McAlester and the rest who have ran back down to the laboratory in order to see what was happening. Tom manages to get a computer image of the helicopter just in time to see it be pulled straight into the tower, igniting gasoline fires and exploding, killing everyone including Brenda. The team only hears the explosions, then Franklin sees the silhouette of something coming towards them, which quickly turns into Jim in his stretcher being pushed by the largest Mako test shark. The shark throws Jim at the glass window, shattering it and causing the ocean water to quickly flood the room. The rest of the team barely escape and decide to try and get out. They notice that the facility is quickly flooding, so they decide to get to the top through the bottom via submarine. Below them, Preacher also hears the explosions and begins to ascend from the bottom. He unknowingly decides to take the stairs, which have flooded and is pushed backward along the relentless flow of rushing water. Unknowingly to everyone, the three test sharks have slipped inside along with the water and are now inside the flooding research facility. Franklin notices a steel door being rammed hard be something on the other side and expresses his concern to Carter that it could be one of the sharks trying to bust through the door to get to the scientists. Carter agrees and Franklin rounds upon McAlester and asked what she did to those sharks. McAlester confesses to her and Jim using gene therapies to increase the sharks\' brain masses as their original brains were too small to harvest enough protein  The rest of the team, not knowing this before, are shocked and furious. The group manages to make it to the chamber with the submarine but find the sub damaged beyond repair, to which the scientists agree that the sharks must have sensed their escape plan and destroyed it purposefully. They begin to argue until Franklin calms them down. During his speech he is grabbed by the largest shark and is eaten. The group, mortified, decides to take the maintenance ladder to the surface. During which the ladder collapses and Janice falls into the water and is eaten by the same shark who manages to get through to the scientists when they started climbing. During this, Preacher is wading through the flooded hallways when he sees a shark coming for him. Terrified, he swims back to his kitchen where the sharks meets him. He hides in his oven, but the shark manages to make the switch turn on, starting the oven and to cooking Preacher alive. Preacher manages to dent a hole in the ceiling, climb up and out of the oven and blow up the shark via a gas explosion. He then appears at the same spot where McAlester and the survivors are still stuck on the ladder and saves them. Tom and Carter decide to try and re-route the generators to drain a stairway so they could reach the surface while McAlester and Preacher stay behind. Presently McAlester goes back to her room to retrieve the data from the successful experiment. Meanwhile Carter and Tom have turned the generators back on, but Tom is then attacked and killed by the largest shark who then attacks Carter who barely escapes. McAlester, having found her data, is preparing to leave when she is attacked by the other smaller shark. She manages to kill it by electrocuting it, but in the process dropped her data in the water so it too got electrocuted. She soon meets back up with Preacher and Carter and they decide to swim out to freedom. On their way up, the third and biggest shark sees them and as they all break the surface attacks Preacher. He manages to stab it in the eye with his crucifix and McAlester fixes him up. She and Carter see that the biggest shark is ramming the fences, attempting to get free and into the unconfined spaces of the ocean to which McAlester states that they have to kill her before she escapes. Agreeing, Carter makes a harpoon gun that will make the shark explode on impact, but can\'t fire it because the shark is too far away. McAlester slits open her hand and dives in to get the shark to move closer, which is does. McAlester tries to get back onto land but the shark grabs her and eats her.Carter then grabs the sharks dorsal fin and proceeds to distract it. However, the shark has moved into range for Preacher to shoot her in the dorsal fin. As the shark manages to escape through the hole, he ignites the battery and the shark blows up. The movie ends with Preacher and Carter sitting on a sinking piece of Aquatica as the next shift of workers comes into view over the horizon. Carter decides to quit his job at Aquatica.'] ["Pickett Smith  rows in a canoe and takes photographs of various animals in a swamp from around the Crockett family's estate; a scenic plantation located on an island on a lake in rural Florida. After Clint  accidentally tips Pickett's canoe over, he and his sister Karen  escort Smith to the family mansion where he meets the entire Crockett family. The grouchy, wheelchair-bound patriarch, Jason , intends on spending the next day enjoying both the 4th of July and his own birthday celebrations uninterrupted. Due to the mutual dislike of the fauna around the mansion, Jason has sent a man called Grover to spray pesticide in order to get rid of the amphibians. Pickett discovers Grover's corpse covered in snake bites in the swamp not far from the house. Despite this warning, Jason continues with his celebrations the next day, unaware that the frogs and other animals plan to get revenge for the constant pollution around the area. On the mainland, Michael checks the telephone lines in his car  but is distracted by birds. Hoping to shoot them down, he chases them but accidentally shoots himself in the leg. A swarm of tarantulas cover him with webbing and moss, cocooning him completely. On the island, Kenneth leaves to get flowers from the greenhouse but lizards infest the greenhouse and knock over jars of chemicals. The mixture fills the place with poisonous gases and Kenneth asphyxiates. Pickett warns everyone that everyone should try to leave the island but Jason is adamant that nothing will ruin his day. Meanwhile, Iris is lured into the path of several frogs and snakes while chasing after a butterfly. Trying to escape, she falls into a small swamp of leeches which latch on to her until she manages to pull them off. Massively fatigued, she falls near a rattlesnake which promptly bites her and kills her. Her husband Stuart comes looking for her, only to meet a grisly end when he falls into the swamp and is eaten by an alligator. Charles and Maybelle, Jason's long-suffering butler and cook, decide to leave along with Kenneth's fiancee, Bella, on Pickett's advice. Clint takes them across the lake in his speedboat. Clint stays behind and searches the nearby grocery store while the others walk on. They are soon attacked by birds and pecked to death offscreen. Clint discovers his boat has been untethered and swims to reach it but a water moccasin kills him in the water. His wife, Jenny, witnesses this through binoculars and attempts to rescue him, but gets stuck in the lake mud and is killed by a large snapping turtle. Karen and Pickett decide to leave with Clint and Jenny's kids and leave Jason behind, his mind still intent on celebrating. They cross the lake in Pickett's canoe encountering alligators and more water snakes, which Pickett dispatches with the boat paddle as well as a shotgun. They eventually make it ashore and to a road where they hitch a ride with a woman and her son. While the woman tells the four survivors that they are driving towards Jackson City and have strangely not seen a single person or car on the road all day, the boy shows them a huge frog he took from summer camp where his mother picked him up... Later that night, Jason, now alone in his mansion, witnesses hundreds of frogs breaking their way into the house and staring at him. Looking around the room at his stuffed animal trophies adds to his tension and he collapses out of his wheelchair from a heart attack. The frogs croak louder and louder as they hop over his corpse. The final shot shows all the lights in the mansion flickering out for good... implying that nature has won, and the rest of the humanity is apparently next."] ["This films follows the lead character Jack B. Quick, Space Sheriff, , who is sent to Earth by Queen Bee,  and King Allmedia,  to battle the Chupacabra. He enters the earth driving a vintage Plymouth Belvedere. Once on earth he acquires several fire arms and goes on a mission to rid the earth of the Chupacabra. As it turns out, the Chupacabra are the wayward pets of Z-man, Lord Invader, . After Shaw has defeated Z'dar and the Chupacabra, he returns to the planet of Strain and Eastman and is knighted, the Reverend, Doctor, Saint Francis Blade. Approximately half way through this film, Joe Estevez enters, playing the character, Rocket Ranger Dan Danger. This character is a narrator who is reminiscent of the science fiction television show narrators from the 1940s and 1950s. Once this character is introduced, he goes about adding information to the ever-developing storyline."] ["{{plot}} Off the coast of a Caribbean island, a young couple flee the hotel to have sex in the sea. But they swim into a sunken wreck which is also a piranha lair and they are both killed and eaten by the unseen piranha. The next day, a group of tourists, including Tyler Sherman, are taking the diving courses provided by Anne Kimbrough, an employee of the Hotel Elysium. One of her divers swims into the wreck, which she has strictly forbidden to her divers. Leaving Tyler to take over and lead the others to the surface, she discovers almost immediately that her 'missing' student has swum into the wreck and been killed there when his badly chewed up body is found. Annie's estranged husband, Steve, a police officer, refuses to listen to Anne about her wanting to have a look at the body, because she needs to know what happened. The death does not seem to match the attack pattern by any of the marine life in this area, which she knows better than anyone. For her not to know what killed a diver is a dangerous sign. Steve intercepts Gabby, a dynamite fisherman, and his son, and threatens to confiscate their boat, but as Gabby explains, Steve, Anne, and he, are old friends. Meanwhile, as the guests begin to flirt with each other, Jai and Loretta, a pair of women, arrive on a large boat. By their own admission, they are sea bandits. Jai sneaks into the kitchen to steal food, but is intercepted by Mel, a cook. She flirts with him, and he offers instead to make her a wonderful dinner. But as he goes to their boat with the meal, they take the meal and then undock, letting the boat drift. Jai and Loretta try to convince Mel to jump, and he tries, and fails, so they mock him and sail off. They sail too far out, and are attacked and killed by the piranha, who have developed the power to fly. Worried about what is going on, Anne finds that she is being frequently bothered by Tyler Sherman, so she takes him with her to the morgue to get a look at the body. It is revealed there that she became a marine biologist before she married Steve, and so she begins taking pictures. There, she finds that the bodies have been eaten in many parts. A nurse comes in, kicks them out, and ends up quickly dead, for a piranha was hiding in the body and escaped it. Armed with the power to fly, it kills the nurse and escapes out a window. In her hurry, Anne left her credit card behind at the scene. Anne and Tyler have a one night stand, but in the morning, while he sleeps, she begins to study the pictures, and is horrified by what she discovers. Steve arrives, throwing the card at her, angry first that she went to the morgue in defiance of him, and secondly that she has man in her bed. She tries to warn him of what she has discovered, but he ignores her and thinks she is a murderess. Anne tries to tell the managers that she is cancelling the dives because it is not safe. He at first pretends to be concerned, but swiftly fires her, thinking she is crazy. Attempting to capture one for further study, or at the very least take some pictures so she can prove what she is trying to tell Steve and the manager, she is intercepted by Tyler, who swiftly informs her that he is a biochemist and member of a team which has developed the ultimate weapon: a specimen of genetically modified piranha, with some other fish's genes intermixed, capable of flying. Earlier, and unfortunately, the team mistakenly deposited  a cylinder full of these fish in the water where the dead couple were found. Gabby provides the proof Anne needs to Steve, calling him and showing him, not merely some flying piranha he has recently caught, and never seen before, but also that they are a serious danger, because they are turning on each other. This is a sign that they are running out of food and will soon attack whatever they come near, including humans. At a meeting, Anne tries her best to reason with the manager, to no avail. Steve surprises her, standing up for her and proving her case for her by throwing the body of a dead piranha onto the table. Steve tells her that she cannot trust Tyler, because the army says he is crazy. She argued that Tyler has just been using her to get the message of the piranha out for him, to protect both himself and the residents of the hotel. Later on, a piranha attacks Gabby's son and kills him, leaving a bereft Gabby to vow revenge by killing the fish in the wreck in which they hide. Anne tries to dissuade him, but it is too late. Having ignored Anne's advice, the manager, Raoul, hosts a nighttime fish party to capture grunion, who come up to the beach to spawn at this time, making them easy prey for humans to capture and kill. Unfortunately for the residents, the piranha are also partially grunion and share the same instinct. Ann gets a man named Aaron to patrol the beach but he is lured to the sea where the piranha mutilate and kill him. During the fishing party promoted by the resort, the piranhas fly out of the water and attack the guests on the beach and at the hotel's courtyard pool. Anne leads those who survive into hotel, where they shut the doors and windows. Gabby tries to attack the flying piranha, but they overwhelm and kill him. In the morning, the flying piranha withdraw back into the ocean, for Anne had discovered that they are not fond of daylight. Tyler and Anne decide to undertake Gabby's plan, and blow up the ship to destroy the predators. Meanwhile, the situation gets even tenser, for not only can the piranha fly, but Anne and Steve's son Chris has been hired, against their wishes, by a local ship 'Captain' Dumont and his lovely daughter Allison. They sail away and strand themselves on an island, leaving them vulnerable to piranha attacks that never actually happen. Getting lost at sea, they try to set sail again, heading straight toward the wreck. When Chris and Allison are stranded in a raft above the shipwreck, Annie and Tyler arrive in a motorboat and don scuba gear to dive down to the wreck to plant the timer charges that Gabby left behind. With only 10 minutes to get out of the wreck before the bomb explodes, Annie and Tyler are trapped in one of the sunken ships rooms by the murderous piranha who all return to the wreck. On the surface, Steve, piloting a police helicopter, ditches the chopper and swims to Annie and Tyler's motorboat where Chris and Allison are. With minutes left to spare before the bomb explodes, Steve powers up the boat and takes off. Down in the wreck, Tyler sacrifices himself to allow Annie to escape out of a porthole and to tie a survival rope around her waist, allowing herself to be pulled away by the motorboat on the surface. At the last second, Annie gets clear and the bomb detonates, destroying the sunken ship and all the piranha with it. With all the murderous fish destroyed, Annie swims to the surface and is picked up by Steve, Chris and Allison in their boat."] ["One of a pair of giant bioengineered pythons with acidic venom and armor-like skin, created by a Russian and American joint military operation led by U.S. Army Colonel Robin Evans Jefferson, Jr. , escapes into Russia's Ural Mountains. Jefferson and his team go to retrieve it, and find disaster in a clandestine Russian military base where the creature slaughters soldiers and scientists alike. American Dwight Stoddard  and his Russian wife Nadia  hires them to move some mysterious container, and they reach the isolated and deserted Russian military base. Larson's primary concern is retrieving the snakes' DNA, and he begins to kill his own men in the attempt before being eaten himself by one snake. Nadia leads one snake through a land mine field while the other one is blown up by an explosive hurled into the snake's mouth by Dwight. Only Dwight and Nadia survive, and are rescued by Russian soldiers."] ["A young Henry Oldfield  lives on a sheep farm in New Zealand, with his father and older brother, Angus. After witnessing his father's pride in Henry's natural ability at farming, Angus plays a cruel prank on him involving the bloody corpse of his pet sheep, just moments before Mrs. Mac, the farm's housekeeper, comes to tell the boys that their father has been killed in an accident. The combined shock of these two incidents leads Henry to develop a crippling phobia of sheep. Fifteen years later, Henry  returns home to sell his share of the family farm to Angus . Unknown to Henry, Angus is carrying out secret genetic experiments that transform sheep from docile vegetarians into ferocious carnivores whose bite can transform a human into a bloodthirsty half-sheep monstrosity. While trying to expose Angus's experiments, a pair of environmental activists named Grant  and Experience  steal a mutant lamb  preserved in a container, but accidentally release it when Grant slips and drops the container, causing it to smash open. As Grant and Experience flee from the scientists, the lamb bites Grant and infects him. The lamb then escapes into the fields and infects the flocks of sheep. Meanwhile, Henry and old friend, Tucker, the farm manager, decide to take a drive on the farm. Tucker sees a sheep that refuses to run away. At the same time, Experience steals a rifle from the car to try to shoot them. They eventually team up with each other to investigate a farm house that has smoke pouring out of it. Inside they find the mutilated body of a farmer. Henry sees a sheep in the hallway and, because of his phobia, he quietly shuts the door and locks it. The sheep tries to crash through the door. Tucker shoots the sheep. On the other end of the farm, Angus is driving around when he sees Grant. Grant bites Angus on the hand and runs off. Back in the car, Tucker, Experience, and Henry leave to warn Angus about the killer sheep, but a sheep hiding in the car bites Tucker. Tucker, Experience, and Henry manage to escape the car, with the sheep still inside, moments before it drives down the same cliff where Angus and Henry's father fell to his death. After the car is destroyed, they seek refuge in the laboratory, encountering a sheep hung up with its underside open, alive. Henry and Tucker finally realize that Angus is conducting cruel experiments. When one of the scientists see that Tucker's foot has now become a sheep's foot, she keeps him there for study but Experience and Henry escape when Angus cannot bring himself to shoot his own brother. Suddenly, hordes of sheep come running down the hill. They see an offal pit surrounded by a gate. Henry accidentally slips into the pit, and his brother refuses to help. Henry and Experience fall into the pit but escape in the underground tunnels. Meanwhile, Tucker transforms into a sheep, but the scientist administers an injection of amniotic fluid from one of the mutant lambs' containers which transforms him back to human. But when she goes to give the shot to Angus, she is attacked and eaten by the sheep. While Henry and Experience clean themselves, they hear shearing sounds inside a barn. When they investigate the noise, they see something using shears on itself. The thing stands up and walks up to them wearing Grant's clothes, looking like a bipedal sheep with blood dripping from its mouth. Experience recognises the clothes, but Henry attacks him. Grant hits Henry and lunges at Experience, issuing sheep calls. They lock Grant in the barn and escape. Angus gives a presentation to businessmen about his new genetically engineered sheep. The businessmen are soon slaughtered by the infected sheep. During the massacre, a sheep confronts Angus, but does not attack him as he has been infected. When Henry and Experience try to warn Angus, they discover he has a love for sheep. Disgusted, they leave. Henry realizes he has been infected, so, like Angus, sheep no longer attack him. Henry and Experience go their separate ways. Henry ends up fighting with his brother, who has now transformed into a gargantuan sheep monster: however, only as intelligent as a sheep, Angus is kept in check by Henry and the farm's sheepdog. While he is cornered by the dog, the revolving propeller of the family plane cuts into Angus and wounds him badly. Tucker suddenly arrives and disinfects Angus and Henry with more amniotic fluid, administered via a medicine nozzle designed for sheep. Experience arrives. Even though Angus is now a human, he goes back to the sheep and tells them to bite him again. The sheep, driven mad by the smell of blood, devour Angus. Eventually, all the sheep are contained and killed in a giant bonfire of ignited sheep flatulence. The cure is given to the surviving were-sheep, including Grant, and Henry decides on using organic farming methods. Meanwhile, the sheep dog looks on from a hillside, and suddenly bleats like a sheep."] ['The tourist spot Ocean Beach has come under attack by a giant octopus, which captures human swimmers and picks clean the skeletons of flesh and bone marrow. The attacks, which gradually increase in number as time passes, threaten to scare away the 10,000 tourists who visit Ocean Beach each summer. The characters determine that the excavation of an underwater tunnel has caused the giant octopus to rampage; the company, owned by Mr. Whitehead , has been using radio signals that have been "above regulated levels", and these have somehow enraged the octopus and caused it to attack human beings. In the end, the Octopus is killed by the killer whales when the main character goes out to sea in a sailing yacht, with the killer whales in tow.'] ["People start to die in a small Texas town and the prime suspects are bats. A specialist in bats is called in and reveals that the bats have been engineered to become a deadly human-hunting cooperative. The bats' hive must be found and destroyed, before they can spread."] ['Steven , a US-born Mexican businessman, arrives in a Mexican fishing/resort village for a vacation on a yacht anchored off shore. One of the local fishermen, Colorado , takes Steven with him when he goes to haul in the sharks he has caught. Colorado is annoyed to learn that another shark has taken a huge bite out of one of his captured sharks. Steven says he feels bad for the sharks, then shrugs, "that\'s life." He then decides to scope to local beaches for sexy women. He sets his sights on Patricia , an Englishwoman on vacation. They have a whirlwind romance but break up when Steven can\'t decide if he is in love with her. Steven is extremely jealous, however, when she begins a relationship with Miguel  a womanizing swimming instructor at the nearby resort hotel. While Steven stews on the yacht, Patricia and Miguel have sex. Then she goes skinny dipping in the ocean for a morning swim and is eaten by a large, apparently emphysemic {{convert}} tiger shark. The next day, Steven confronts Miguel in the hotel bar. Miguel tells Steven that Patricia was in love with Steven but she must have returned to England. Neither Steve or Miguel ever learn about her true fate. Miguel introduces Steven to two sisters, Kelly and Cynthia Madison  who are American college students who have arrived on the island resort for some fun. They have a double date and, on the sisters\' suggestions, jump off the yacht for some skinny- dipping. The shark\'s heavy, labored breathing can clearly be heard but they make it to the boat safely. Kelly and Cynthia hop back and forth between Miguel\'s and Steven\'s beds. They all swim back to shore the next morning and the submerged tiger shark again chooses not to bother them. Miguel encourages Steven to live a carefree, womanizing life like he does. Steven agrees. They even start a shark hunting business, swimming out to sea and shooting whatever swims past them from local blue sharks to lemon sharks. Miguel tells Steven that if a tiger shark ever appears, they must immediately get out of the water because tiger sharks or tintoreras are too dangerous to even attempt to hunt. One night, Miguel and Steven meet Gabriella  another young English tourist at the hotel bar. The three of them decide to have a triad: Gabriella will be sexually involved with both of them but they won\'t fall in love with her, or she with them. They tour the local Mayan archaeological sites together, then retire back to the yacht for sex. Miguel and Steven take Gabriella shark hunting with them. She is appalled by what they do, but admits her feelings for them have become powerful and as such apparently forgets her distaste. The next time the three go shark hunting, the seven-foot tiger shark appears and rips Miguel in half. Steven is bummed out, but Gabriella is so upset that she decides to leave Can-Cun and return to England. Steven vows revenge on the shark. He enlists the local coast guard and fishermen in a campaign to kill the tiger shark and apparently every other shark in the sea. Colorado is disturbed that Steven viciously beats the sharks that he has caught with a club. "I hate the bastards," Steven tells him. Colorado assures him that so many sharks have been killed, the tiger shark must have been one of them. Meanwhile, unbeknown to Steven or Colorado, the tiger shark attacks another small fishing boat and eats two fishermen. Steven goes to a nighttime beach party with Kelly, Cynthia and two other American women he met in a bar . After the party ends, Kelly and Cynthia suggest everyone skinny dip again. This time, however, the tiger shark attacks, ripping Cynthia from Steven\'s arms as he tries to make out with her in the water as well as injuring the other two women, but whom safely make it ashore. Steven contacts Mr. Madison  who comes to the village to collect Kelly. Steven vows to kill the shark himself. That evening, Steven lures the shark with a devilfish he has speared for the occasion, and when he hears the shark\'s rasping approach shoots it with a speargun which has an explosive capsule on the tip. However, the shark takes his arm off in the process, but is finally destroyed by explosive which detonates it in a large underwater blast of blood and guts. Steven awakens in a hospital room, sans his right arm, thinking happy thoughts about his triad with Gabriella and Miguel.'] ["The film takes place in Tokyo in 2003, where two reporters - Sarah Sullivan  and Erin Lynch  - have arrived from the United States to document unusual seismic disturbances that have been picked up around Tokyo. The disturbances are originally thought to be aftershocks left over from a supposed massive earthquake on the Kanto Fault that occurred two years previously, causing hundreds of thousands of casualties and several hundred billion dollars in damage, although careful analysis of the evidence suggests otherwise. As time goes on, all of Tokyo begins to suffer from abnormal earth tremors similar to those registered in 2005, but the tremors are found not to be caused by an earthquake, but by a gigantic octopus that has been dormant for centuries, but has since been awakened by mankind, and now sees Tokyo as a new feeding-ground, with the filmmakers documenting the catastrophe as it unfolds. It starts as Sarah and Erin are talking about filming Tokyo. The scene then switches to the interior of Sarah's car as the two drive to LAX, to catch their flight to Tokyo. In Tokyo they rent a hotel room, and, the next day, Erin films Sarah talking with the global warming minister. During the interview, an earthquake strikes and the scene again switches to the reporters in the basement of the environmental building trying to find someone who can speak English. Eventually, they find Justin - a worker - who is from America as well. He says that they have to go to the American embassy, and, as they flee, they hear the sounds of panic and plane engines from a tunnel. Later, they find a mall, and another earthquake occurs. In the chaos, Justin is impaled by a pole as the reporters flee in panic. Some small text appears on the screen saying that tape #3 was damaged. As the reporters run toward a mall they find a woman and her grandfather, and they eat and sleep, Sarah not realizing she had left the camera turned on. Then, another earthquake begins and kills the grandfather as the woman tells the reporters to flee. They hear the mall explode as they run away and soon find a building which they enter. They have gone upstairs when the building suddenly collapses. The reporters survive, but, unfortunately, the collapse damaged the camera lens. Night arrives and they see helicopters ready to save refugees, but a tentacle destroys them and proceeds to throw cars at the people, killing many of them. Panic ensues and Eric abandons Sarah but a tentacle slams into the ground where Erin is and she is wounded. Additionally, the camera's batteries are running low. Sarah cries for Eric as the crash of a tentacle hitting the ground is heard, ending the film, indicating that the reporters were crushed by the monster and were among the thousands, if not millions, killed."] ['Against her father\'s orders, teenager Amy visits a sleazy traveling fun fair with her new boyfriend Buzz, her best friend Liz, and Liz\'s irresponsible boyfriend, Richie. At the carnival, the four teens smoke marijuana, peep into a 21-and-over strip show, heckle fortune teller Madame Zena, visit the freaks-of-nature exhibit, and view a magic show. Richie dares the group to spend the night in "The Funhouse"—actually a dark ride. After the park closes, the teenagers settle down inside the ride, at which point they witness the ride assistant—a man in a Frankenstein suit who never speaks—engage Zena as a prostitute. He experiences premature ejaculation, but despite his request Zena will not return her $100 fee. He murders her in a violent rage. The teenagers try to leave, but find themselves locked inside the ride. As they attempt to escape, Richie secretly steals the money from the safe from which "Frankenstein\'s monster" took Zena\'s fee. The ride\'s barker, Conrad Straker, discovers what "Frankenstein\'s monster"—his adopted son Gunther—has done to Zena. Conrad also realizes that the money is missing. Thinking Gunther took it, he attacks him. Gunther\'s mask is removed revealing a gruesomely deformed face with sharp protruding teeth and ruby-red eyes. The teens see this, and Conrad realizes someone is watching. He stalks the ride to eliminate any witnesses and heckles Gunther into a murderous rage. Various ride props are used as murder weapons. The teens die one at a time by the hands of Conrad and Gunther, until only Amy and Buzz remain. Buzz kills Conrad, but is then killed by Gunther. During a showdown between Gunther and Amy in the funhouse\'s maintenance area, Gunther is electrocuted and crushed to death between two spinning gears. As dawn breaks, Amy emerges from the funhouse while the animatronic fat lady perched atop the ride laughs.'] ["A group of scientists land on a remote island in the Pacific to search for a previous expedition that disappeared and to continue research about the effects of radiation from the Bikini Atoll nuclear tests on the island's plant and sea life. They learn to their horror that the earlier group of scientists have been eaten by mutated giant crabs that have gained intelligence by absorbing the minds of their victims. Members of the current expedition are systematically attacked and killed by the crabs, which are invulnerable to most weaponry because of the mutation in their cell structure. Finally, they discover the crabs are the cause of the earthquakes and landslides that are destroying the island. As the remaining expedition members struggle to survive on the ever-shrinking island, they must also find a way to stop the crabs before they reproduce and invade the oceans of the world."] [" Billionaire John Hammond, CEO of InGen, has created Jurassic Park: a theme park populated with dinosaurs cloned from the DNA extracted from insects preserved in prehistoric amber. After a park worker is killed by a Velociraptor, Hammond's investors, represented by their lawyer Donald Gennaro, demand that experts visit the park and certify that it is safe. Gennaro invites Dr. Ian Malcolm, a mathematician, while Hammond invites paleontologist Dr. Alan Grant and paleobotanist Dr. Ellie Sattler. They are joined on the island by Hammond's grandchildren, Tim and Lex Murphy. Hammond asks Malcolm, Grant, and Sattler what their thoughts are about recreating dinosaur species. They debate the ethics of cloning extinct dinosaurs, with Gennaro being the only one to express optimism. The group sets off to explore the park while Hammond observes his guests along with Head Technician Ray Arnold and game warden Robert Muldoon. Grant spots a sick Triceratops and the group investigates. With a storm heading in, everyone returns to their vehicles except for Sattler, who stays with the park doctor to look after the animal. Jurassic Park's head computer programmer, Dennis Nedry, is secretly in the employ of one of InGen's corporate rivals, and has been paid to steal dinosaur embryos. During his theft, Nedry deactivates the park's security system, allowing him access to the embryo storage. Electric fences around the park are deactivated as a result, releasing a Tyrannosaurus. The T-Rex assaults the vehicle with Tim and Lex inside. Gennaro flees the vehicle and is subsequently eaten. Tim, Lex and Grant flee down a steep embankment and escape. Malcolm is injured distracting the T-Rex but survives the attack. A fleeing Nedry crashes his Jeep. While he is tying the Jeep's winch around a tree, he encounters a Dilophosaurus, which he ignores due to its small size. As he returns to the Jeep, the creature spits venom at him, blinding him. Nedry drops the stolen embryos and gets into the Jeep, but the Dilophosaurus gets inside and kills him. Sattler and Muldoon search for survivors of the Tyrannosaurus attack, but only find Malcolm and the remains of Gennaro. As they look for the children, Malcolm realizes the Tyrannosaurus is returning. He orders Sattler and Muldoon to flee, with the Tyrannosaurus pursuing. The three of them escape in their Jeep. Grant and the children climb up a tree to avoid the Tyrannosaurus, and see a family of Brachiosaurus eating at which point Dr Grant attempts to emmulate their call to no avail and so the three fall asleep. In the morning Dr Grant wakes up and is surprised to see a Brachiosaurus eating from the tree they are sleeping in and thus wakes up the kids, much to Lex surprise at seeing the dinosaur. Asking if it eats meat Dr Grant replies it doesn't and so the three attempt to feed the creature, getting it closer with a branch Dr Grant touches the dinosaur but when Lex tries it steps back and sneezes on her before departing. Meanwhile unable to decipher Dennis's code to reactivate the security fences, Hammond, Arnold, Muldoon, Malcolm and Sattler take the drastic measure of rebooting the entire park's computer and electrical network. The five shut down the park's grid and retreat to an emergency bunker, and Arnold journeys to a maintenance bunker to complete the process of rebooting the system. When he does not return, Sattler and Muldoon decide to head for the bunker. Grant and the children discover a nest full of hatched eggs, indicating the dinosaurs are breeding despite having been bred as females. As Muldoon and Sattler proceed to the maintenance bunker, Muldoon notices that they are being hunted by Velociraptors. Muldoon offers to draw their attention while Sattler continues to the bunker. Sattler restarts the park's systems, but is attacked by a raptor hidden within some cables; she discovers Arnold's severed arm and narrowly escapes the raptor. Muldoon is about to shoot a raptor, but another raptor appears and kills him. Tim, Lex and Grant climb an electrified fence out of the park's animal zone and Tim is nearly killed when the fence is reactivated. Grant and the children head for the visitor's center; he leaves them alone in the kitchen while he reunites with Sattler and the others. The kids escape two stalking raptors before reuniting with Grant and Sattler. Lex restores the park's security systems from the control room. Grant contacts Hammond and tells him to call the mainland for rescue before the two raptors find the group and attack. The group flees through a series of air ducts, only to be cornered in the entrance hall by the raptors. The Tyrannosaurus breaks into the main hall and attacks the raptors, allowing the four to flee outside, where they are rescued by Malcolm and Hammond. The survivors board a helicopter. Grant and Sattler watch a small flock of pelicans fly over the sea as they depart."] ['15 year old Patrick  has spent many summer holidays with his parents at their cottage on a small island off the coast of South Carolina. Recent years have seen a growth of industrial developments on the island, damaging tourism. At the beginning of the film, a crate of large reptilian looking eggs are discarded at the roadside by a van driver. Twenty years later, on a holiday at their summer home, Patrick\'s parents and dog are attacked and killed by something which leaves Patrick in a state of shock, unable to recall the events. Patrick\'s grandmother finds Victoria Juno , a young psychiatrist to help Patrick come to terms with his grief. Together with his aunt Annie  the three return to the island where they come face to face with the endangered and viciously starving group of Komodo dragons. Annie is killed and Victoria and Patrick barely escape with their lives.They later meet up with Oates ([[Billy Burke  and his sidekick Denby , who were sent to kill all of the Komodos. With Annie and their ferryman dead, Victoria, Patrick, Oates and Denby must call for help from Bracken ,The man who sent them on the island and is also helping Oates with his trial against him for the murdering of his wife, which he did not commit. Bracken refuses to get them off the island until they kill all of Dragons. Patrick runs off into the woods and gets lost from the group. They hide in a nurse\'s station, where Denby is killed. They go off to find Patrick and Oates also tries to kill the Komodos so they can get off the island. Victoria is attacked by one of the Komodos but she is saved by Patrick. Patrick leaves without Victoria and she is attacked by another Komodo. Meanwhile, Oates is attacked by one of the Komodos and stabs it in the eye. He comes and shoots the Komodo attacking Victoria in the head. She convinces Patrick to come with them but they attacked one of the few remaining Komodos. Oates tries to kill one of the Komodos by lighting a cigar and throwing it in the gasoline, but his plan fails and Victoria manages to stab it in the eye with a rock. Bracken shows up in a helicopter and Oates steals it from them leaving them for Komodo food. Victoria and Patrick get trapped by one of the remaining komodos but they are saved by Oates who blows the Komodo up with a flare gun. They return to Florida and come back unharmed. The police chief finds them asks them if they are all right. The credits start to roll as Patrick responds "Never Better".'] ['The crew of a plane gets nervous when the cargo it is carrying starts making noises and shifting. When one of the crew opens the crate, the pilot hears screams from the back. Something attacks him, causing the plane to crash near a town called Ruby.Python synopsis from imdb.com The cargo survives the crash and begins attacking Ruby citizens, starting with a lesbian couple camping in the woods. At a swimming hole the next day, John Cooper , his girlfriend Kristin , his best friend Tommy  and Tommy\'s girlfriend Theresa  find a pet Ball python belonging to one of the dead women, Lisa. Deputy Greg shows up, mentioning that Lisa is missing and takes the snake. Lisa\'s body is found, appearing to have been corroded by acids. Greg suspects John since he works at a plant that employs acids. Complicating things, Greg is also Kristin\'s ex-fiancée; she having left him when her first love came back to town. Scientist Anton Rudolph  is talking with NSA Special Agent Parker , explaining that the cargo is an abnormally large reticulated python that has been genetically engineered in Southeast Asia, blending several species. In the words of Dr. Rudolph, it is, "a perfect killing machine, a 129 foot long all-terrain vehicle capable of speeds exceeding fifty miles an hour, with skin that can deflect an anti-tank round, enhanced night vision, and a voracious appetite for human flesh". The NSA team plans an assault against the snake, hoping to kill it discreetly before it eats more people. The snake kills a real estate agent and beheads the agent\'s client. It leaves behind the client and the body of the other lesbian, Roberta Keeler. John enters as the snake leaves, furthering suspicion against him. The Sheriff shuts down his brother Brian\'s plant, furthering the tensions between him and Brian. As John leaves the plant he runs into Greg\'s car and his bike is damaged. They end up in a fist fight, mostly over Kristin, though they ultimately reconcile. When the body of the real estate agent is found with the same acid damage, the Sheriff orders John arrested. Kristin yells at Greg when they come to arrest John, but he says that he does not think John is the killer. The NSA team and Rudolph arrive, telling the Sheriff a story about a psychotic rogue operative imprisoned in a military psychiatric unit who escaped and is committing the murders. He does not believe them, but goes back to the office and frees John. He, Kristin, Tommy, and Theresa plan to go on a trip the next morning. The NSA set up base at a water treatment center. They use radar to find where the snake is likely to be, then have the police set up a perimeter to keep people out of the zone. Believing the snake to be sleeping, the team wastes most of its ammo on the snake\'s shed skin. Agent Parker realizes the snake set them up using its skin as a decoy. The snake arrives and kills the team; only Rudolph escapes. Theresa\'s morning shower is interrupted by the snake. Though she is able to escape, the snake kills Tommy. Theresa drives away but the snake follows. It gets in front of her and rips the rear axle off, disabling the truck. She gets away again and hides in a crevice. When Tommy and Theresa do not arrive to pick them up, John and Kristin go looking for them, finding the wrecked truck. Theresa tries to warn them as the snake comes to attack, but they cannot hear her. John and Kristin escape using Tommy and Theresa\'s bikes from the truck. They make it to the water treatment center, where Theresa later joins them, and find Rudolph in shock. The group realizes that they must do something about the snake or it will get to the town. They call Greg on the radio and fill him in on a plan they have devised. They lure the snake into the water treatment plant by having it chase John through a shaft while they set a bomb near the entrance. Kristin drops a line down another shaft for John to escape. The other two escape through the regular door, where Greg is waiting to drive them to the other shaft. They pull John out and the python is unable to climb up the shaft. Trapped in the tunnel, the python returns to the doorway entrance. The group returns to the entrance to trigger the bomb, but it does not detonate. Rudolph says the snake must have torn out the antenna when it crashed into the bunker, so he leaves his pet snake with Kristin and runs in to reset it. The python eats him as soon as he completes his task. The charges go off and the other four are celebrating their success when the Python emerges unscathed. They flee in Greg\'s police car, and come up with a new plan to penetrate the snake\'s hide by luring the snake into a vat of acid at John\'s plating plant. Once there, John again acts as the bait while Kristin uses a winch to push the snake\'s body into one of the vats. The acid kills the python. Six months later, Greg has been accepted into Quantico to be an FBI agent, the plant has been reopened as a bar/bike shop where the snake is used as a sales tool, and John finds out that he and Kristin are soon to be parents.'] ["Lake Placid 2 continues the story of that sleepy lake community, taking place a few years after the ending of the first film. The story of the crocodiles has become simple folklore within the town. There is a new sheriff in town, Sheriff Riley, played by John Schneider. The crocodile myth resurfaces when a researcher is plucked from his boat in the presence of his colleague. A member of the Fish and Wildlife department, Emma, who is also a woman with whom Sheriff Riley has a somewhat tumultuous history, comes to town to investigate these allegations. Together they go to the lake to investigate the disturbance. While there, Emma discovers the severed head of the missing man. On the way back, the group stops by crazy old Sadie's house, sister to the now deceased Delores Bickerman from the first film. Sadie proves to be a stubborn old woman who refuses to aid in the investigation. After their visit to Sadie's proves fruitless, the team heads back to town, but they run into trouble by way of a hungry twenty-foot crocodile that destroys the Sheriff's boat. As the team swims to shore, a seaplane flies overhead and lands, revealing poacher Sam MacMurray and his ally Ahmad. Almost immediately the team is attacked, on land this time, by the crocodile. As the team continues to try to solve the crocodile in the lake issue, it is revealed that Sadie has in fact been a part of the problem, feeding these giants hormone enhanced meat that has been rejected by the government. The plot thickens when it is revealed that there are four enormous crocodiles, and that two of them have mated, leaving a nest full of gigantic crocodile eggs."] ['{{plot}} As night begins to fall, an ambulance comes to a hospital bringing a patient with a strange black rash. Dr. Akiba refuses to admit the patient, due to the hospital being low on resources and staff. Dr. Akiba is alerted to a serious crisis in Room 3 of the hospital. A patient, though unconscious, has somehow fallen to the floor and his vital signs are dropping quickly. They think they have saved him when they realize that the nurse has apparently mistakenly injected the wrong drug into his intravenous drip . The present staff members — Doctors Akiba, Uozumi and four nurses—after a long and harsh argument, decide to cover up the true cause of his death. They move the body to an unused room. Soon afterward, Akiba discovers that the patient he rejected earlier has been left in the hallway. Another doctor, Akai, makes his presence known and suggests that they study the symptoms of this new patient as his symptoms  represent uncharted medical territory. Not knowing how much Akai knows about the events in Room 3, the other doctors reluctantly agree to study the new patient for the moment. Before long though, the staff return to the room to find that the patient has vanished from the examination room, and the head nurse has been left unconscious on the floor. The staff try to locate him. It becomes obvious that they are all at risk of infection when the head nurse goes mad in front of the misuse nurse. She begins to bleed the green goo from her ears and eyes as the doctors come to her aid. They put her on a bed and cover her with plastic, and her internal organs begin to liquefy. Then youngest inexperienced nurse goes into the room where the head nurse rests. The head nurse is not in her bed and is standing several feet behind the inexperienced nurse. Later we see the inexperienced nurse sitting down on a chair. The mean nurse finds her practicing drawing blood on herself, as earlier she had been scalded for not being very good at it. She mentions that she was a sickly child and looked up to the nurses that helped her, and that\'s why she wanted to become a nurse. She then lets out an insane laugh. The mean nurse frantically apologizes for her behavior earlier but the inexperienced nurse plunges two needles into herself and green goo explodes out of her, splattering the mean nurse. Akiba, Uozumi and Akai discuss the infection and the mean nurse overhears, growing panicked. The inexperienced nurse\'s corpse then sits up on its own. Uozumi argues with Akai and storms out of the room. The mean nurse, meanwhile is talking to what she believes is the burn victim\'s mother, who has arrived to visit her son. She is turned away by the mean nurse. After more discussion, Akiba goes to follow Uozumi, first checking if the mean nurse is alright. She is found, eating food she claims the burn victim\'s mother had left them. When shown, it appears that she is eating squares of flesh. Uozumi is in one of the rooms and he speaks to a patient he had killed. Uozumi is overcome with guilt and starts crying. Akiba then enters and notices that Uozumi is alone. Uozumi\'s eyes turn white and the goo begins to come from him. Uozumi starts screaming and Akiba flees in terror. Akiba, panicking, turns to find the mean nurse, now infected and covered in green goo, smiling and hanging upside down from the ceiling. Akiba finds the misuse nurse, now giving her own blood to the dead burn patient, but before he can stop her, the infected head nurse steps out of the shadows asking him to join her and the other infected staff. Akiba flees and leaves the already infected misuse nurse behind. In the morning, Akiba faces Akai, stating that Akai was the one who created and spread the virus in order to use the other staff members as guinea pigs. Akai denies it, and instead states that the infection is spread mentally, infecting the subconscious mind. Akai urges Akiba to remember the events that happened in Room 3. At this point, the final doctor Nakazono comes in and finds Akiba holding a conversation with no one. She challenges him, and Akiba states he is talking to Akai, but then he realizes he was looking in a mirror, and no one was really there. He looks around and sees the corpses of the mean nurse and the inexperienced nurse, dead and covered in blood, not in the green goo that was on them before. He realizes that his last few hours had not been a reality. Nakazono calls the police and Akiba recalls the events in Room number 3 and realizes that "Akai" was actually the burn patient. He then sees the same series of events with himself as the burn patient, while Akai takes over Akiba\'s role and gives the orders for the wrong drug. He comes to his senses and cuts himself with a scalpel in order to see the color of his blood. He sees red blood come out of the cut, but in the mirror he sees the blood as oozing green goo. As more staff arrive in the morning, the hospital is cleared of all patients due to the night\'s events, revealing all of the staff except for Nakazono are dead and the police starts the search for Akiba, who has vanished. When Nakazono is leaving the hospital, she sees all the red lights change to green and vice versa; panicking, she accidentally cuts her hand, and sees green blood pour out of her hand. The movie ends with a shot of a locker in the room where the burn victim was heated. Someone inside of the locker is calling for help, and green goo starts pouring out of it. The top of the locker starts opening and a hand covered in goo reaches out. By the watch on the hand it can be determined that Akiba is hidden inside the locker. The hand then falls onto the floor.'] ['Sean , Ritch , Wes , and Lauren  celebrate their college graduation by breaking into Saranoc Grotto, a forest heavily marked with "No Trespassing" signs and surrounded by a tall fence. While speeding down a dirt road, they hit and kill a grizzly bear cub, sending their Jeep Cherokee into a tree and cracking the radiator. As they argue over whether they should bury the dead cub, they hear its mother coming and run. The vehicle overheats down the road so Wes and Ritch go into the forest to find water. The bear finds and attacks Ritch. Having heard Ritch\'s screams to run, Wes inadvertently runs into the bear and it attacks him. The other two arrive and rescue Wes, but are unable to help Ritch. The bear kills him while the others flee to the Jeep. The vehicle starts again and they leave, but Wes panics and tries to force Sean to turn around and go back for Ritch, causing the car to go over a cliff. Calmer, he wants to wait for help, but no one knows where they are because they had told their families they were going somewhere else. They winch the vehicle back up to the road, but they cannot get it to start. Sean leaves to jog the {{convert}} out of the forest to find help while Wes and Lauren wait at the Jeep. He comes across some run down buildings where he finds a hunting paraphernalia, a bear trap, and dead animals. As he leaves, the bear appears. He tries to sneak past the bear, but instead he runs into the bear and it throws him on the roof of the shack and then he falls into a chicken coop. Hours later he makes it back to the Jeep, but his leg is injured. Wes decides to climb a tall hill on the other side of the clearing to see if he can get a signal on his cell phone. It does not work and the bear nearly catches him. He quickly climbs back down and gets back to the Jeep though it still will not start. He and Lauren hide in the Jeep with the wounded Sean in the back. The bear follows and climbs on top of the Jeep, smashing up the car and eventually overturning it before leaving as the sun sets. Sean wakes up and tells them about the hunting paraphernalia, crying about wanting to go home before he dies. Wes and Lauren turn the Jeep right side up, load him back in the car, then push the Jeep down the hilly road as a thunderstorm hits. Using the downward momentum and occasionally pushing, they arrive near the buildings. While Lauren is exploring the building with the trap, the bear swings at her through a window sending her back against the trap, which impales her back. She returns to the vehicle where the bear rips off the tailgate and drags away Sean\'s body. Wes grabs a can of gasoline and pours a trail from the Jeep to the woods. They lure the bear to it and then set the gasoline on fire. The Jeep explodes, but the bear is unharmed. They decide to try another plan and split up. Wes climbs a tree, leaving his blood covered clothes on the ground to fool the bear. While the bear is sniffing at the clothes, Wes accidentally drops a tire iron, calling the bear\'s attention up. The bear shakes him out of the tree but he escapes and goes to the shack where Lauren has built a trap. They lure the bear into the shack, and use a trigger to close the front door behind it, locking it in. They celebrate and start to leave but the bear breaks out of the shack and they both try to escape. Unfortunately, Wes stumbles and Lauren tries to get him back up, refusing to leave him behind despite his desperate insistence that she should run. As the bear gets closer to them, Wes is killed and it is unknown if Lauren survived or not.'] ['A 36-foot-gorilla escapes from an oil tanker off the coast of Korea. After battling with a giant Great White Shark, the ape reaches land and destroys several buildings before finding and kidnapping an American actress named Marilyn . The military eventually corners and kills the ape, prompting one observer to comment, "He was just too big for a small world like ours!"'] ['Willard Stiles  is a social misfit taking care of his ill and fragile but verbally abusive mother Henrietta  in a musty old mansion that is also home to a colony of rats. Willard finds himself constantly humiliated in front of his co-workers by his cruel boss, Frank Martin , a vicious man who assumed control of the company of Willard\'s father upon his death, and whose professional interest in Willard extends to a personal financial one. A co-worker, Cathryn , has sympathy for the quirky Willard.Fall Frights: WILLARD Cathryn becomes Willard\'s friend and love interest. Willard quickly becomes obsessed with his friendship with a rat he names Socrates. Willard then begins to train and befriend the other rats including an extra large one he calls Ben. Ben begins to assume a position of "leadership" among the other rats, while Socrates remains Willard\'s favorite. Willard\'s mother panics when she overhears the rats and later dies by falling down the stairs of the basement. Willard learns soon afterward that payments on the house have fallen far behind, and that the bank will likely foreclose upon the property. Willard then says that Socrates is all he has left. Cathryn stops by and gives Willard a cat named Sculley, he sets the cat inside and leaves. The rats, led by Ben, attack and kill Sculley. When Willard arrives home he notices Ben watching him evilly; Willard begins to distrust Ben thereafter. Desperately lonely, Willard begins to bring Socrates to work with him. Willard finds a note at his desk declaring that he\'s being fired by Frank Martin from the company his father founded. While he\'s arguing with Martin, begging not to be fired, Socrates is discovered by a coworker in the supply room. Her screams alert Martin who bludgeons Socrates to death. Willard, his mental state already precarious, is devastated. Willard turns to Ben, who is more than willing to guide the army of basement rats to help Willard avenge himself upon his boss. Willard and his basement rats confront Martin, and upon Willard\'s command they swarm Martin and tear him apart. Willard, however, mistrusts Ben and attempts to dispose of him and the other rats. He succeeds in killing some, but Ben remains, and turns the remaining rat army against Willard. Willard barely escapes with his life, and kills Ben. But an epilogue reveals that he has retreated into a semi-catatonic state and been placed in a mental institution. There he finds a new white rat, which looks like Socrates and he believes is the rebirth of his one friend. In the end Willard beckons the rat over to him and says "It\'s not over yet, no! Our time is going to come."'] ['A team of researchers sets off into a island of Borneo to search for a "blood orchid", a flower they believe can be used as a type of fountain of youth. Though the team\'s guide, Bill Johnson ([[Johnny Messner  has misgivings about which path to take, Jack Byron  bribes him to take the path he doesn\'t think is safe. The team ends up going over a waterfall and having to wade through the river. A giant anaconda emerges from the water and swallows Dr. Ben Douglas  whole, while the rest of the team escapes the river. Bill attempts to assure them that it was the largest snake he\'s ever seen and that it should take weeks\' for it to grow hungry again, however most of the team demands that the expedition be called off. The team decide to travel to Bill\'s friend, John Livingston ([[Andy Anderson  who lives on the river to see if he can borrow his boat and his whale. While traveling to the boat, Bill tells Sam Rogers  about Jack bribing him into taking the unsafe route. Along the way, Bill finds an infestation of leeches on Cole\'s  back and burns all of them with his lighter while Tran Wu  finds a poisonous spider in Gordon Mitchell\'s  shoe. Jack decides to take the spider along for further study and then everyone resumes the journey to the boat. However, Livingston is killed by another anaconda and his boat crashes into the riverbank. The team sees an explosion and finds the boat wrecked and are disappointed for losing their chance for escape from the jungle and find only a few essentials for their quest. While continuing their journey, they find Livingston\'s chewed up corpse. Bill realizes that it must be mating season, which means all of the male anacondas come out of their territories to find the nearest female in its mating pit. The team find themselves in a small native village consisting of thatched huts where a disemboweled anaconda with a pair of human legs hanging out of the snake\'s abdomen is displayed. The team speculates that the snakes are unusually large in size because their lives have been extended through the orchids, which are a part of the local food chain. Jack says that since they must be close to the orchids, they should press on. However the others contend that there is no evidence that the orchids will have the same effect on humans and still want to leave, so they start building an escape raft. Meanwhile, Gordon discovers that Jack had secretly obtained Livingston\'s private case containing a radio and a gun and realizes he could have called for help long ago. When Jack is unable to convince him to allow the expedition to continue, he paralyzes him using the spider. As Jack joins the others at the raft, Sam discovers a paralyzed Gordon and notices the spider bite on his arm. While Sam was interrogating Jack about what he had done to Gordon, an anaconda drops down from the rafters and swallows Gordon alive soon after she leaves the building. The others arrive just as it finishes, so Bill sets the building on fire. Jack uses the commotion to steal the raft. With no more material to make another raft, they decide to bushwack through the jungle to beat Jack to the orchids and get back their raft. On the way they fall into a cave trying to escape an anaconda. Cole gets lost and panics after finding a skeleton. He runs into Tran. Together they make their way back to the others. Along the way, Tran falls through a hole in the cave floor. Unable to escape, he is eaten by an anaconda underwater. The terrified Cole manage to make their way back to the team, escaping the caves behind them seconds ahead of the snake. It follows them through the hole, and attacks them. Sam uses a machete to behead the snake, but Cole is captured by another giant anaconda. The team follows and find him being constricted, but still alive. Bill throws his knife and impales the snake through the head, killing it and freeing Cole. The group finds the raft just as Jack finds the blood orchids, hanging precariously above a pit in which a ball of male anacondas are mating with the female. Jack shoots Bill in the arm, and forces the party to accompany him to the orchids. He has Sam cross the pit via a thin log to fill a backpack with orchids. As she makes her way back, the log starts to crack. Jack orders her to throw him the backpack, but Sam counters to threaten to drop the flowers into the pit unless he drops the gun. The log breaks and she falls, landing halfway down the pit. As the others help her climb out, Jack tries to get the backpack. The spider he used to paralyze Gordon escapes its jar and bites him. Jack falls into the pit and is devoured, as Sam and the others escape. The female anaconda notices them, but Gail Stern  tricks it into biting their fuel container. Bill tries to shoot the container, but the gun is empty. Cole shoots it with a flare, causing a chain reaction that kills the snakes, along with all the blood orchids as well. Bill, Sam, Cole, Gail, and Bill\'s pet monkey Kong make it back to the raft and leave. As they set off with their raft, Bill suggests another shortcut, but the others suggest that they won\'t take the shortcut.'] ['Professor Donald Blake  acquires a newly-discovered coelacanth. He begins to examine the find and is exposed to its irradiated blood. This turns him into a murderous Neanderthal monster that terrorizes the campus. Troy Donahue appears as a college student, a speaking part.'] ["{{plot}} A tourist, Vera Brandt , is chased and beheaded in the Swiss countryside. Eight months later Jennifer Corvino , arrives at the Swiss Richard Wagner Academy for Girls, chaperoned by Frau Brückner , who places her with roommate Sophie . While sleepwalking through the academy and out onto the roof, Jennifer witnesses a student being murdered. She awakens and falls, fleeing and eventually becoming lost in the woods. Forensic entomologist John McGregor 's chimpanzee attendant Inga ([[Tanga  finds her and leads her to him. Witnessing her apparent interaction with his insects, McGregor comes to believe she has a special gift for telepathy with them. Following an ilicit tryst the same night, Sophie is murdered. When other students taunt Jennifer for her connection to insects, she summons a swarm of flies which covers the entire building, then faints. Convinced that Jennifer is insane and possibly responsible for the killings, the headmistress arranges for her to be transferred to a mental hospital for the criminally insane. Jennifer flees to McGregor's home just in time to evade the transfer. McGregor gives to Jennifer a glass case with a Great Sarcophagus fly, which is drawn to decaying human flesh, and suggests she use it to help track the murderer. Later that night, McGregor is murdered in his home after Inga is distracted and locked outside. With nowhere left to go, Jennifer calls her father's lawyer Morris Shapiro for help. He alerts Brückner, who finds Jennifer and offers the girl to stay at her house overnight. Once there Brückner whacks Jennifer unconscious with a piece of wood and incarcerates her in the house. Jennifer engineers her escape through a large hole in the floor that leads through a tunnel to a dungeon and in the basement, she finds Brückner's son, Patua , with a hideously deformed face. He chases Jennifer onto a motorboat and attempts to kill her, but she summons a swarm of flies that attack him. Brückner exposes that her son was the one killing the school girls and that she killed McGregor to try to stop the girl's investigation. Suddenly McGregor's chimpanzee Inga attacks Brückner and kills her with a razor."] ['Reception Upon its release on video, it met negative reception with critics comparing it to the first/original. Rotten Tomatoes gave it a 14%, IMDB gave it 3.2/10.'] ['{{plot}} The film opens with two sewer workers in London, Arthur ([[Ken Campbell  and George , who discover a tunnel in one of the walls that neither of them is familiar with. Arthur enters and George follows. He soon discovers Arthur, injured and in a state of shock. Moments later, a similarly injured young woman jumps out in front of them, crying for help, only to be pulled back into the darkness. The focus then shifts to a young German woman, Kate , at a party. After hearing of another party, she decides to travel there. She heads to Charing Cross tube station, but soon falls asleep on the platform while waiting for the train. When she awakens, she is alone and finds the entire station locked up for the night. Another empty train arrives and she boards it, but it stops abruptly. Confused, Kate makes her way to the drivers\'s compartment but cannot find the reason for the stoppage: unbeknownst to her, the driver has been killed. Kate soon encounters Guy , an obsessive acquaintance from the previous party. Guy, intoxicated by cocaine, crudely attempts to seduce her, but Kate is not interested and tries to leave the train. Guy then sexually assaults her, but is dragged off her and out of the train by an unseen attacker. Kate flees from the train and runs into a homeless couple, Jimmy  and Mandy , and their dog, a Jack Russell terrier called Ray. Kate explains what has happened and Jimmy reluctantly agrees to help her after she pays him. Meanwhile, Mandy is also attacked while alone. Kate and Jimmy find Guy lying on the railway track with his back mutilated. After they pull him onto the platform, Ray appears with blood smeared on his fur. Jimmy, immediately thinking of Mandy, goes with Ray back to their shelter where she is nowhere to be found. Kate attempts to contact a watchman via speakers to get help. Suspicious of her, the watchman demands Guy to be dragged in front of the security cameras to prove that she is not lying. When she does so, Guy dies and the watchman is also killed in his office by having his throat slit by the stalker. Kate runs back to a despondent Jimmy who has shot himself full of drugs. She eventually persuades him to help her find Mandy and a way out of the station. After exploring a tunnel together, another train pulls up in front of them. Jimmy enters and is killed by the stalker, who was lurking on the roof. Kate flees into the sewer system below the station, but is soon captured by the killer; a hideously deformed, mentally ill hermit named "Craig" AKA The Creep . Kate finds herself in a water-filled cage deeper underground, presumably being stored as food for Craig. She also meets George, who is still alive and also trapped. However, before Craig can harm either of them, Kate manages to escape, to temporarily incapacitate Craig, and to release George. Together, they run through several dark corridors and end up in a secret, deserted abortion clinic, where they find an unconscious Mandy strapped on an operating chair and mistakenly presume her to be dead. However, before they can investigate further, Craig appears and they are forced to flee and leave Mandy alone with him, who kills her in a twisted imitation of an abortion. George and Kate eventually find themselves in an abandoned platform and Craig soon catches up to them once again. George attacks Craig, but is impaled through the head with a serrated blade protruding out of a wall. Kate attempts to escape, but is soon cornered by Craig. She breaks down until she spots a large hook on a long chain, with which she stabs Craig\'s throat. She then hears the distant sounds of an approaching train and she throws the other end of the chain over the tunnel, in an attempt to electrocute him. Her plan fails, and although severely wounded, Craig rises and attempts to crush Kate with a barrel. Then the train passes through the tunnel and smashes into the chain, which tears out his throat. Craig finally dies, and Kate makes her way through the tunnel and finds herself back in Charing Cross Station. Tattered and filthy, she collapses on a platform and Ray appears, curling onto her lap. The film ends when a man waiting for a train puts a coin next to her, thinking she is a beggar, and she breaks into hysterical giggles and tears.'] ['"When two researchers discover a colossal shark\'s tooth off the Mexican coast their worst fears surface the most menacing beast to ever rule the waters is still alive and mercilessly feeding on anything that crosses its path." IMDb'] ["While carrying out his research as a travel journalist, cynical American Pete McKell  joins a group of tourists on a crocodile watching river cruise in Kakadu National Park of Australia's Northern Territory, led by a wildlife researcher named Kate Ryan . After a run-in with two locals, Neil  and Collin , the cruise winds to a close and Kate prepares to return the group to base. Everett ([[Robert Taylor  spots a flare in the distance, and Kate tells the group that they must investigate to determine whether someone is in distress. A few miles up river they come across a half-sunken boat when suddenly something crashes into the tourists' boat, creating a crack in the side. Kate's only choice is to run it ashore on a small island in the middle of the river. The group disembarks and begins discussion of what to do. Everett suddenly disappears, pulled into the water by an unseen predator. Kate comes to the conclusion that they are in the heart of a large crocodile's territory and that it will be more aggressive than usual. As darkness approaches, the tourists realize that the tide is rising: in a matter of hours their small island will be submerged. Neil and Collin arrive soon after and as they near the island, the 23-foot crocodile smashes Neil and Collin's boat and sinks it. Neil manages to swim to the island safely, but Collin has disappeared. As night falls, Neil proposes that he swim to the mainland and string a rope between two trees, creating a zip-line to allow the group to cross above the river. Neil succeeds in setting up the rope and Mary Ellen  crosses first only to freeze in fear halfway across. Allen ([[Geoff Morrell  becomes impatient and aggressive and attempts to get himself and his daughter Sherry  across with Mary Ellen still on the line. While trying to secure the rope, Neil is attacked by the crocodile and disappears. The tree holding the rope snaps and the three on the line fall into the water. They scurry back to the island, but as Allen crawls up the beach, the gigantic crocodile suddenly lunges out of the water, rips off his right arm, and throws him farther into the river where he is devoured. Later that night, Pete suggests they can delay the crocodile with a hook and bait on one side of the island while everyone escapes off the other side. Simon ([[Stephen Curry  is skeptical of the idea, but Russell  agrees to try. Lacking bait, everyone suggests using Kate's dog, much to her disgust, but they decide to use two dead birds that Neil and Collin had shown earlier. Kate hooks the dead birds onto the boat's anchor while Pete secures the anchor rope to a boulder and throws the bait out into the river. After a long wait, the anchor is suddenly grabbed and pulled and the group makes a break for the far shore. Russell assists Sherry's mother, Elizabeth , due to her inability to swim. Pete tries to stop the boulder from being pulled over as Kate swims across behind the group. The crocodile suddenly lets go of the hook and bait, seizes Kate, and drags her underwater. Pete hurriedly makes the swim across the river with Kevin in tow, and heads off into the bush to meet up with the others. As day breaks, Pete is crossing a stream when Kevin runs away. Pete chases the dog into a cave and falls down a narrow chute into a larger cave, where he sees Neil's corpse. He quickly realizes that the cave is the crocodile's lair, and to his surprise, he finds Kate alive but badly injured and unconscious. He attempts to carry her out but has to hide when he hears the crocodile returning and Kevin is eaten. Finishing its meal of Neil, the crocodile enters the cave and falls asleep. Trying to reach the entrance carrying Kate, Pete accidentally wakes the crocodile, and it makes several attempts to devour both him and Kate as he retreats into the narrow confines of the cave. Finally, after a long fight in which he gets tossed around and is bitten in the hand, Pete makes one last stand. He braces a broken log against a large boulder with the sharp end pointing out towards the crocodile. The crocodile lunges at him, and Pete successfully impales it through the head. He escapes from the cave with Kate to join the other tourists and waiting paramedics. As the credits roll, the camera zooms in on a newspaper article detailing Pete's heroic battle with the crocodile and rescue of Kate."] ['In Switzerland in 1948, a group of miners in a salt mine discover giant prehistoric rhinoceros beetles. The beetles attack the miners, and swiftly killing them. Present day, a cave tour guide John Palmer  is offered, by Vincent  and Sophia , to take a group of explorers down into the salt mine. John agrees to take the group, consisting of Vincent, Sophia, Marcel , Hanz , Carlo  and Ion , into the mine, not realizing the group are, in fact, high profile thieves who are seeking emeralds in the mine. John also takes his reluctant family, Samantha , Emily  and Miles , who stay in a cabin near the mine with one of the thieves, Stephan . John takes the group into the mine the following day. As they explore, Ion leaves the group for a cigarette. Marcel follows him and the pair get into a fight, which results in Marcel pushing Ion over a ledge, where he is attacked by one of the beetles. Meanwhile, Miles discovers the entrance to the mine and enters alone. Samantha soon notices the absence of Miles and begins to search for him, sending Emily and Stephan out to look for him also. Back in the mine, Marcel tells the group Ion fell, and persists the group continue to explore. However John demands the group leave the mine, but Marcel blackmails John, telling him he will instruct Stephan to kill Samantha and Emily if they turn back. Marcel then talks to Stephan on a walkie-talkie and tells him to tie Samantha and Emily up in the cabin. As Stephan is about to take Emily hostage, Samatha arrives and knocks him out. In the mine, the group search for the emeralds, before they are attacked by the beetles, killing Carlo. The rest of the group fend the beetles off with their guns. However a cave-in occurs, causing a crack to appear in the ground in the forest near Samantha and Emily. A number of beetles escape and begin to chase them back to the cabin. Inside, Samantha attempts to get into contact with John on the walkie talkie, however when this fails Samantha and Emily decide to leave the cabin armed with a gun, only to both be knocked unconscious by Stephan. Meanwhile, Marcel forces the group to continue to the emeralds causing tensions to run high. Marcel and Vincent get into an argument, leading Marcel to shoot Vincent dead before the survivours are once again attacked by the beetles, but manage to escape. When Samantha and Emily wake up, Stephan does not believe their warnings of the beetles, however he is soon decapitated when the beetles attack the cabin, while Samantha and Emily escape. In the mine, Miles is chased by a beetle, but is saved by John, Sophia and Hanz, while Marcel sneaks away to get the emeralds. The others catch up with Marcel as he collects the emeralds, and find a way to an exit, but Marcel believes they will send him to prison, so shoots Hanz before a beetle tears Marcel in half. John, Sophie and Miles continue their escape, while a barely alive Hanz is eventually killed by the beetles. John, Sophia and Miles reach an exit, but a queen beetle blocks their path. John shoots the queen, injuring it. On the surface, Samantha and Emily are attacked by a group of the beetles. Emily contacts John on the walkie talkie, allowing the beetles on the surface to hear the queen beetle in pain, resulting in the beetles going down into the mine. John and Miles set down explosives in the mine before they escape with Sophia as the beetles are killed in the explosions and collapse of the mine. Reaching the surface, Sophia gives John a bag of the emeralds, while taking some for herself, before leaving the re-united family.'] ['Donna Trenton  is a frustrated housewife whose life is in turmoil after her husband Vic learns about her having an affair. Brett Camber  is a young boy and a son of a mechanic, Joe,  whose only companion is a St. Bernard named "Cujo." Cujo is bitten by a bat with rabies and his behavior begins to change. While the dog begins to succumb to the disease, Brett and his mother leave for Connecticut to visit his mother\'s sister. When Donna and her young son, Tad , drive out to the home where Cujo and the Cambers live, the gentle Cujo, now crazed by the disease, has killed Joe and the Cambers\' neighbor Gary Pervier. Making matters worse, their Ford Pinto car\'s alternator dies at the Cambers\' house. Donna and Tad are trapped inside the Pinto while the massive dog waits outside, attacking repeatedly, all while Vic is out of town on a business trip. The hot sun makes the conditions nearly unbearable, but Donna knows that certain death awaits them outside. Donna decides that she must do something before they both die from either heatstroke or dehydration, but the dog could be anywhere, however, and attempts at escape are foiled by repeated attacks by the mad dog, who tries to get into the car. The local Sheriff comes to the house, and, after a brief standoff, is himself killed by the massive dog. Donna decides that she must risk going outside to save Tad, but the dog jumps out from underneath the car and bites her in the leg, forcing her back into the car. Eventually, a badly wounded Donna makes an attempt to dash for the house but is attacked by Cujo, the only safety being the car. After a brutal struggle between the desperate mother and the relentless animal, Donna takes advantage of a momentary distraction and beats Cujo with a baseball bat several times until the bat breaks off, leaving only a jagged handle. The dog jumps at her, only to land on the broken handle, impaling him. Donna pushes the dog off and uses the sheriff\'s revolver to break open the windshield and retrieve Tad, as Cujo had broken all of the handles. Donna revives her son, who had passed out due to the extreme heat and dehydration. Cujo tears through the kitchen window and uses the last of his strength to try and kill the two. Before he can attack, Donna pulls out the Sheriff\'s pistol and shoots and kills Cujo. She joins her husband outside who has just arrived as the carnage ends and the credits roll.'] ["The film is set during the summer between high school graduation and college. The film begins with a couple Frank  and Mary Sylvester  cooking food over a campfire while being watched by a mysterious figure in the shadows . While Mary is taking a walk in the woods, she hears her husband scream and returns to the campsite to find her husband's decapitated corpse. She is then herself killed by the killer wielding her husband's axe. Several months later, six friends are hiking in the same remote forest high in the Colorado Rockies to enjoy the nature and to spend some time alone with their boyfriends/girlfriends. As they progress deeper into the wilderness it's clear that the killer from the beginning of the film is stalking them. During their first night in the woods, Gail  hears a noise and sends her boyfriend to check out the disturbance. While isolated they are both murdered by the killer. The next day, their friends find the couple's gear missing and assume that they have turned back and gone home. The boys decide to head for the infamous Suicide Peak to do some rock climbing while the girls suntan. Meanwhile, the forest rangers Lester Tile  and Joel  get a phone call about the missing Sylvester couple and Joel heads for the forest to investigate. Before leaving Lester tells his partner a story about a boy he once saw during a forest fire years ago. The gypsy boy was covered in burns, horribly disfigured and left for dead. While exploring, Joel discovers Gail's decomposing body and sets to find the killer. The killer attacks Skip  and Greg  while the teenagers are rock climbing, killing them both. Hearing the noise, Nancy  and Bobbie  put on their clothes to investigate but are confronted by the killer. The killer is revealed to be the gypsy boy from Lester's story, who has survived in the wilderness but has razor sharp claws and is horribly deformed. They run but Bobbie stumbles into one of the killer's traps as is killed instantly. Cornered by the killer, Nancy faces it alone until Joel appears, shooting it with his tranquilizer gun. He starts comforting Nancy, but the killer awakens and kills him. In the final minutes of the film, we see the seasons change as many months go by and the final shot is of a cave, where we hear the crying of a newborn baby."] ['A genetics laboratory run by Dr. Irwin Burns  to research aggressive behavior has an accident, resulting in a chemical fire and explosion, and the escape of a thirty foot long hybrid snake with traits of both the Asian King Cobra  and the Eastern Diamondback Rattlesnake. Loose in the countryside and filled with the experimental aggressiveness drug, the snake, nicknamed "Seth", eventually outgrows his woodland prey, it begins hunting the residents of the small brewery town of Filmore. Doc Kragen  conducts an autopsy on a recently found body and determines that the death was caused by a huge snake. He and Police Chief Jo Biddle  go to the Mayor  and demand he cancel an upcoming town lager festival. The Mayor refuses, but after more deaths, the town eventually brings in snake expert and hunter Nick Hashimoto .'] ['The movie revolves around the exploits of Captain Nolan , an Irish Canadian who catches marine animals in order to pay off the mortgage of his boat, and return to Ireland. Nolan\'s crew is looking for a great white shark for a local aquarium, but a scientist named Ken  is being targeted by the shark. A killer whale comes and kills the shark, subsequently saving Ken. This switches Nolan\'s target to the killer whale and while he is on the journey with his crew, he tries to capture what he believes to be a male whale, but mistakenly harpoons a pregnant female. She tries to kill herself and is injured by the boat\'s propellers, but Nolan and his crew get the orca on board, where it subsequently miscarries. The crew hoses the dead fetus overboard as the male looks on screaming. Later that night, seeking release of his near-dead mate, the male orca tries to sink the ship. One of Nolan\'s crew members, Novak , cuts the female off the ship, but the male leaps and drags him into the sea. The following day, the orca pushes his now dead mate onto shore. Alan Swain  berates Nolan on his actions after finding the dead whale on shore. Nolan denies responsibility, but Swain and the villagers eventually find out his involvement. The villagers insist that he stay and kill the whale, as its presence is causing the fish vital to the village\'s economy to migrate. The orca then terrorizes the village, first by sinking two fishing boats in broad daylight and then by breaking fuel lines at night, which causes a fire and subsequent explosion of the village\'s fuel reserves. Dr. Rachel Bedford , colleague of Ken and whale expert, shows him how similar whales are to humans and tells Nolan that, "If he [the orca] is like a human, what he wants isn\'t necessarily what he should have." Nolan confesses to Rachel that he empathises with the whale, as his own wife and unborn child had previously been killed in a car crash caused by a drunk driver. Nolan promises Rachel not to fight the whale, but the whale attacks his sea-front house, containing an injured crew member of Nolan\'s, Annie  within it. The house starts slipping into the sea and the whale bites Annie\'s leg off. Nolan decides to fight the orca, much to the delight of the villagers, although with Novak dead and Annie maimed for life, he and Paul are now the only crew members left. Dr. Bedford and Ken go with him, as well as a native American man, Jacob Umilak , who joins them to share his knowledge. The crew begins to pursue the whale after it signals Nolan to follow him. Ken is leaning over the side when the whale surfaces and grabs him, killing him in the process. They keep following the whale until they start to reach the Strait of Belle Isle. Paul starts to get into a lifeboat, but the maddened orca knocks Paul out of the boat and drowns him. The next day, the whale shoves an iceberg into the boat and starts to sink it. Nolan manages to harpoon the whale just before he and Dr. Bedford escape from the boat, while Umilak is crushed beneath an avalanche of ice just after sending out an SOS. Nolan and Dr. Bedford hide in an iceberg, but Nolan slips onto another. The orca separates the icebergs, trapping Nolan. The whale jumps onto the ice, causing it to tilt and send Nolan into the water. The whale lifts Nolan up with his tail and throws him onto another iceberg, killing him. Dr. Bedford looks on in shock as Nolan slips into the water in a cross shape. With his revenge complete, the whale swims under the ice Southward, while a helicopter is seen to rescue Dr. Bedford.'] ["Francis Ingram is a noted pianist who lives in a large manor house near a small, isolated Italian village. Ingram suffered a stroke which left his right side immobile and he has to use a wheelchair to get around. He has retreated to the manor house for the past few years—seen by only a few close friends. These include his nurse, Julie Holden; a musicologist, Hilary Cummins; a friend, Bruce Conrad; and his sister's son, Donald Arlington. Ingram has fallen in love with Julie Holden, and has changed his will so that she receives the vast bulk of his enormous estate when he dies. But Julie is secretly in love with Conrad. The change in the will disinherits Arlington and Cummins, and Cummins tries to expose Holden's affair. Ingram, outraged at the slander on his beloved's good name, tries to choke Cummins to death. Only Julie's arrival  saves him. Later that night, Ingram begins to suffer hallucinations from poison put in his food and drink. He climbs into his wheelchair, makes it to the top of the stairs, and calls out for Julie . Ingram falls down the stairs, breaking his neck.  Commissario Ovidio Castanio of the local police investigates the death, but finds little sign of murder. A few days later, Raymond Arlington  arrives, determined to ensure that his nephew gets the inheritance. Duprex, Ingram's attorney, tells Raymond that there are suspicions regarding Ingram's death that may lead to overturning the new will in favor of the old one. That night, Duprex is murdered by an unseen assailant. Commissario Castanio begins to investigate. The Arlingtons try to search for the old will, while suspicion falls on Cummins after he tries to remove several expensive old books from the manor house. That night, everyone hears Ingram playing the piano in the main hall, but when they go to check no one is there. Donald, too, is attacked and almost choked to death. Commissario Castanio discovers that someone has broken into the Ingram mausoleum and cut off Ingram's left hand. But it seems impossible for anyone to have gotten in or out. The audience now begins to see a disembodied hand moving around the manor house. The hand attacks Cummins, but he is able to assuage the hand's quest for vengeance by giving the hand Ingram's signet ring. He locks the hand in a closet, but when Conrad and Holden appear to see what has happened — the hand has disappeared. Meanwhile, Donald Arlington remembers the combination and location of an old safe in the house, and Commissario Castanio and his father accompany him to the room where it is located. They discover the old will. Again, Ingram's distinctive piano playing is heard. In a fit of madness, Donald Arlington flees the house with Conrad in pursuit. He comes to his senses, and is not harmed. Cummins discovers the hand again, nails it to a board, and puts it in the safe. When Holden discovers the hand, Cummins  tries to burn it in the fire. But the hand crawls out and chokes him to death. Commissario Castanio discovers that a hidden record player and concludes that Cummins was playing it to scare people. He theorizes that Cummins cut off the hand, killed Duprex, and tried to kill Arlington."] ['The film takes place along a stretch of coastline somewhere in Florida in the United States, where a local tourist spot has become plagued by a mysterious marine creature. Little do they know, the monster is the product of a secret military experiment — a genetic hybrid mutated from a common octopus and the prehistoric superpredator Dunkleosteus. Unfortunately, the creature has broken loose, and is now feeding on swimmers and tourists swimming or sailing along the coast. And, the monster is only an infant, and will continue to grow if it is left to hunt much longer. A team of scientists led by a scientist named Peter and his colleague, Dr. Stella Dickens are trying to find the creature and stop it, but a group of military scientists are trying to stop them, as the experiment was classified, and it is military business. Both groups are slowly picked off by the creature while they try to track it down. They eventually find that it is hiding in the everglades and manage to corner it in shallow waters and kill it with repeated blasts from flamethrowers. At the end, Peter tells Stella that he has finally decided to take a vacation. When she asks where they are going, he tells her "the mountains". The ending is a freeze frame shot.'] ["After witnessing gangster Eddie Kim brutally beat U.S. Prosecutor Daniel Hayes to death in Hawaii, Sean Jones is escorted by FBI agents Neville Flynn and John Sanders on a Boeing 747-400 to testify in a trial in Los Angeles. Despite increased security for the flight, Kim arranges for a time-release crate full of venomous snakes to be placed in the cargo hold in an attempt to bring down the plane before it reaches Los Angeles International Airport . To ensure the snakes attack the passengers without being provoked, he has one of his henchmen disguised as an airport ground employee spray the passengers' leis with a special pheromone which makes the snakes more aggressive in their attack. The crate opens midway through the flight and the snakes make their way through the cabin. A cat in the cargo bay, a couple having sex in the lavatory, and a man using the bathroom are the first killed. The plane's captain, Sam McKeon, investigates and fixes an electrical short, but is killed by the viper that caused it. Co-pilot Rick, unaware of the snake, believes Sam has suffered a heart attack and continues toward LAX. Some of the snakes attack Rick, and while fending them off he accidentally releases the oxygen masks throughout the plane, and snakes drop into the cabin with them. Numerous passengers, including Agent Sanders, are killed. The surviving passengers, who have made their way to the front of the plane, put up blockades of luggage in a desperate attempt to stop the snakes. Agent Flynn contacts FBI Special Agent Hank Harris on the ground, who gets in touch with ophiologist Dr. Steven Price . Based on pictures of the reptiles emailed to him via a mobile phone, Price believes a Los Angeles snake dealer to be responsible. After a shootout with the dealer, he reveals that Kim hired him to obtain the snakes. His supply of anti-venom is commandeered for the plane's victims, and Harris gives orders to have Eddie Kim arrested. Rick is attacked and the plane starts to dip downwards, causing a food trolley to crash through the luggage blockade. The passengers flee to the upstairs first class cabin before blocking the stairwell with an inflatable liferaft. Agent Flynn and Flight Attendant Claire regain control of the plane. Rick retakes the controls and has Flynn go into the cargo hold to restore the air conditioning/ventilation system. Harris contacts Flynn, telling him that anti-venom will be ready for the passengers when they land. However, Flynn discovers that the cockpit is filled with snakes and Rick is dead. After a brief discussion, Troy, Three Gs' bodyguard, agrees to land the plane based on prior experience. After everyone gets prepared, Flynn shoots out two windows with his pistol, causing the plane to depressurize. The snakes are blown out of the cockpit and the lower floor of the plane. Flynn and Troy take the controls of the plane and Troy reveals that his flight experience was from a video game flight simulator. After an emergency landing, the plane makes it to the terminal. The passengers leave the plane and anti-venom is given to those who need it. Just as Flynn and Sean are about to disembark the plane, a final snake jumps out and bites Sean in the chest. Flynn draws his gun and shoots the snake, and paramedics rush to Sean, who is unharmed due to a bulletproof vest. Sean later takes Flynn to Bali and teaches him how to surf."] ['A shunned farmer attempts to warn his neighbors of an impending besiegement by crazed ravens,{{cite web}}'] ['Willard is a meek social misfit with a strange affinity for rats. He lives in a large mansion, with only his cranky and decrepit mother for company. On his 27th birthday he leaves the party out of embarrassment. While sitting outside he sees a rat and tosses it pieces of birthday cake. His mother gets upset with him for leaving the party and she scolds him later while also discussing how badly the house is falling apart. The next morning he goes out and feeds another rat  while imitating their squeaks. His mother starts telling him that he needs to kill the rats that have been running around their yard, to which Willard refuses. When Willard goes to work he is promptly scolded by his boss Mr. Martin. Later he returns home and traps the rat family in the center rock in the pond by using a wooden plank and food, before turning on the water, taking the plank away, and letting it fill up until the water level reaches the rats ; by then he feels guilty and puts the plank back before turning off the water. When his mother asks if he killed the rats he lies and tells her he did. That afternoon he begins playing with a rat he names Queenie, and begins teaching them words like "food" and "empty". He sees a white rat and immediately takes a liking to it. The white rat becomes his best companion and he names it Socrates for his wisdom. Numerous other rats come to him, one of which is a giant specimen he names Ben. At work, Mr. Martin nags at Willard, telling him he won\'t give him a raise, and then urges him to sell the house. Willard sneaks up to a party Mr Martin is throwing opens his suitcase which has rats in it, he then urges them to go get the food and ruin the party. The guests begin screaming and Willard laughs behind the bushes where he\'s hiding. The next day Willard\'s mother dies. After this Willard is further pressured from the banks to give up the house. Willard decides to bring Socrates and Ben to the office with him. He sets them on some shelves and tells them to be good. One of his friends at work gives him a cat named Chloe. Chloe constantly claws at the suitcase where Ben and Socrates are residing. Willard hands her off to a complete stranger and drives away. Later on it is revealed that the rat population is getting too big and he can\'t afford to feed them much longer. Willard decides to steal money from his boss. He orders the rats to "tear it up" and puts them in front of the door. Later, at home, Willard gets mad at Ben and keeps putting him outside the bedroom, but Ben persists in sleeping in his room. The next day he again takes Ben and Socrates to work. One of the workers spots the rats and Mr. Martin bludgeons Socrates to death, leaving Willard devastated. Willard trains his rats to follow his commands and kills Mr. Martin after confronting him. Willard then abandons Ben, goes home and begins sealing up any holes that the rats can enter his house through. He also puts as many as he can into cages and drowns them in the small pool outside. Willard has dinner with Joan, a girl he likes but is rudely interrupted by Ben staring at him. He gets up and notices all of the rats running up the stairs from the basement. He orders Joan to leave and locks the door before confronting Ben. Willard stalls and begins mixing rat poison, but Ben reads the box and squeals loudly, alerting the others, some attack Willard. In an act of desperation, Willard tries to hit the rat with a broom, but misses. He runs upstairs but the other rats come after him. Shutting the door, he stands there terrified. The rats begin to gnaw at the door and eventually break in and devour him. The camera zooms into a close-up of Ben and the credits roll.'] ["Gary, a nightclub manager, flies a group of women from New York City to dance in his club in Singapore. While flying over the Pacific Ocean, their plane catches fire, splits in half, and plummets into the ocean; oddly enough, no-one in Gary's group is killed, while no one  who was not in Gary's group survives. We next see the group days later, suffering from dehydration on a life raft, when they finally spot a small island and spend the night on the beach. The next morning, they discover fresh water and decide to go exploring. They are quickly amazed and excited to find a cabin, but delight turns to horror when they open the door to discover a dead man hanging from a gigantic spider web. According to his journal, the man was a professor mining for Uranium, but he feared something terrible was about to happen to him. There's no indication how long the professor planned to be on the island, but the women estimate there is enough food to last them about a month. That night, Gary proceeds alone out onto the island where he is bitten by a giant spider and turns into some type of spider-man beast. He flees into the woods, leaving the women to wonder what has happened to him. The next day, seemingly possessed by uncontrollable violent urges, Gary kills one of the girls. The remaining women, still unaware of what has happened to him, have no idea that he is the one who has done this. A month passes, and the women are running low on food when they spot a ship on the horizon. They are unable to signal it before it leaves, but two men arrive in a rowboat with supplies for the professor. They soon find the women, who tell them the professor is dead. As they all wait for the ship to return, they celebrate their last night on the island with a wild party. One of the men sneaks off to rendez-vous with a woman, but both end up being killed by Gary. Finally aware of Gary's fate, the remainder of the group hunts him down with torches until he flees into quicksand and dies. In the Mystery Science Theater 3000 version of the film, the riffers mocked the facts that there appeared to only be one actual spider on spider island which had less than two minutes of screen time, and that Gary looked nothing like a spider after being bitten. In their parody, one of the characters was supposedly bitten by a spider, but the only visible changes were that his skin turned orange, one of his hands turned into a gorilla hand, and he grew a pair of goofy teeth."] ['Chanachol, recently returned to Thailand after living overseas, signs up for a tour to get back in touch with Thai culture, and finds himself attracted to the tour guide, Mekhala. There are several problems with the relationship: Chanachol is married, with family, and Mekhala has a mysterious, symbiotic relationship with a deadly cobra, and many of her previous suitors have ended up dead.'] ['A very large female anaconda captured from the Amazon River basin and another larger and smarter male anaconda are being held in a scientific lab owned Wexel Hall for experimentation. The research project is led by Dr Amanda Hayes  and funded by Murdoch , a well-known industrialist. While visiting the facility, Murdoch agitates the male anaconda with a large flashlight, and he is gassed to calm him down. However, as Murdoch, his assistant Pinkus , and a scientist leave, the anaconda breaks through his enclosure\'s wall. As it escapes, it kills many of the people working in the lab,Cupboard escapes the destruction. In looking through the facility, Amanda and another researcher realize that the second  anaconda has also escaped. Murdoch calls in a team of animal hunters, led by Hammett , to capture both snakes. Amanda and Pinkus go with them. At a small farm in the middle of the woods, the owner is eaten alive by one of the snakes. The hunting party arrives later and begin formulating a plan of attack. During the first confrontation with the snake, two of the party are killed: Captain Gronzy is stabbed by the genetically altered Anaconda\'s very sharp knifed-tail and Dragosh loses his head. Hammett arrives and gives the team a lecture on how to kill the snake. As the group splits up, Amanda heads into a car with two other team members: Victor  and Sofia . During the next confrontation with the snake, a car crash results, the Anaconda spat Victor burning his face very hot, injuring Sofia with a cracked leg and leaving Amanda in the car. As Amanda is about to help her. the snake reappears and crunches Sofia. Amanda is rescued by Hammett and both of them escape. As they regroup, Amanda reluctantly reveals that the queen snake is pregnant and will give birth to more genetically "special" offspring in less than 24 hours. The teams wants to call in the military, but Hammett forbids it and threatens Amanda with jail time for her role in creating it. In the morning, the party begins searching for the snake, but Pinkus has lost his hand then later killed. While Hammett searches for it on foot, Amanda and two of the three remaining hunters: Nick  and Amanda search in the jeep. They spot the snakes going into an old factory, and follow them in to plant explosives around the building. Before they can finish, the black male attacks. Nick helps Amanda escape but is captured himself. Before the snake stabs him, he is able to discharge a grenade, stabbing himself with a knife tail and the snake. Hammett and his last remaining hunter: Andrei  arrive and hear the grenade go off. As the two of them meet Amanda inside the factory, Andrei moves to set the charges, so Hammett kills him, causing Amanda and to realize that Hammett is working for a party wanting a live baby anaconda . Inside the building, the queen gives birth. After wounding Hammett, Amanda sets the timer on the explosives and escapes from the building, leaving Hammett to be attacked by the baby snakes while he tries to reach the bomb. Once she is at a safe distance, the explosives detonate. As she sits by a roadside burning all of her documentation on the snake research, one of Murdoch\'s men drives by, heading from the factory where he found one baby snake still alive, to deliver the snake to Murdoch.'] ["Michael Conrad is a private zookeeper who owns Conrad's Animal Kingdom. He leads a cult group who literally worship the animals he tends — especially the big cats: a lion, a lioness, a pair of cheetahs, a tiger, and a black panther; as well as a gorilla. Conrad plays organ music to the animals in his living room, and uses them to kill anyone who gets in his way. Conrad is married to Edna and forces his mute son Carl to assist him."] ['The film begins with a great white shark moving throughout the ocean as it starts to follow an unsuspecting team of water skiers. The driver, Richie, stalls the boat and manages to get it going again before the shark can attack anyone. The shark follows the water skiers into the park and throws the gate off its rails while it is closing. Meanwhile, Florida announces the opening of SeaWorld\'s new underwater tunnels. Katherine "Kay" Morgan , the senior marine biologist, and her assistants wonder why the dolphins, Cindy and Sandy, are so afraid of leaving their dolphin pen. Shelby Overman , one of the mechanics, dives into the water to repair and secure the gates. He is attacked by a shark and killed, leaving only his severed right arm. Additionally that night, two men in diving equipment sneak into the park in a small inflatable boat to steal coral they intend to sell. One slips into the water quietly, but is taken by the shark, leaving only his diving mask drifting in the water. The other man is pulled into the water also; then something sinks the inflatable. The next day, Michael Brody  and Kay are informed of Overman\'s disappearance. They go down in a submarine to look in the tunnels to find Overman\'s body. Kay suggests the filtration pipe but Mike says that the current is too strong and that it flows into the lagoon every hour. They decide to go into a piece of scenery, the Spanish Galleon, despite the two dolphins attempting to keep them out. As they search the Spanish Galleon they encounter a small great white shark. The dolphins rescue Kay and Mike but the shark escapes back into the park. The news of the shark is disbelieved by Calvin Bouchard , the SeaWorld park manager, although the news is exciting to his hunter friend, Phillip FitzRoyce , who states his intention to kill the shark on network television. Kay protests, arguing that while killing the shark would be good for one headline, capturing and keeping a great white shark alive in captivity would guarantee TV crews and money constantly rolling into SeaWorld. The baby shark is captured and Kay and her staff nurse it to health. However, Calvin, desperate to start the money rolling in immediately, orders it moved to an exhibit as "the first great white in captivity". However, the baby shark dies in the exhibit. At the underwater tunnel, a girl is terrified when she sees part of Overman\'s corpse bob up to a window. Forcing Mike and a paramedic to let her review Overman\'s corpse, Kay realizes that the shark that killed him must be the young shark\'s mother, and that since Overman was killed inside the park, the mother shark must also be inside the park; the shape of the bite shows that the shark\'s mouth must be about 3 feet wide and thus the shark about 35 feet long. She captures the attention of FitzRoyce, but she cannot convince Calvin until the enormous shark herself shows up at the window of their underwater cafe, terrifying the customers. Flushed out from her refuge inside the filtration pipe, the shark begins to wreak havoc on the park and attacks water skier Kelly Ann Bukowski  and Sean Brody . The shark injures Kelly in the left leg and leaves. Sean is unharmed but the shark causes a leak that nearly drowns everyone in the underwater tunnel. FitzRoyce and his assistant Jack  go down to the filtration pipe in an attempt to trap the shark back inside to kill it. FitzRoyce leads the shark into the pipe but his lifeline rope snaps and the shark attacks him. FitzRoyce grabs a grenade and prepares to use it, but before he can get his other hand to the grenade to pull its safety pin he is crushed and chewed, in the shark\'s mouth as it swallows him fins first, cylinder and all as far as it can. Hearing the shark has been lured into the pipe, Michael goes down to repair the underwater tunnel so the technicians can restore air pressure and drain the water, with Kay to watch his back. He welds the repair piece and Calvin orders the pump shut down to suffocate the shark, but all shutting the pump down does is let her break free from the pipe and attack Mike and Kay. They escape thanks to help from Cindy and Sandy, who attack the shark to distract her briefly. They make their way back to the control room with Calvin and the technicians, but the shark appears in front of the window and smashes its way through the glass and floods the room. Calvin manages to swim out and rescue one technician but another technician is killed in the process. Mike notices FitzRoyce\'s corpse still in the shark\'s throat with the grenade in his hand trailing into its mouth, and uses a bent pole to pull the grenade\'s pin, killing the shark and then its jaws float through the blood and water and are shown to the viewer in 3-D. In the aftermath, Mike and Kay celebrate with Cindy and Sandy, who survived their brush with the shark.'] ["After three men are discovered hideously mutilated  and strung up among New York City's high-tension wires, Detective Klaski  stumbles upon a link: Each of the men knew entomologist Remy , a teacher at an inner-city high school. Klaski considers Remy to be a prime, albeit unlikely, suspect in the killings until he witnesses for himself the shape-shifting creature that has been stalking Remy: an intelligent mutant insect with the face of its previous victim. It wants to mate with Remy. Klaski, Remy and a pair of her students get trapped inside the school as the creature hunts them down. Meanwhile, a special forces unit, headed by the militant leader known only as Darksuit , gets ready to fumigate the school with poisonous gas. After all the trapped humans seem to have escaped the fumigation, and with the aid of a heroic Klaski in Remy's case, inspection teams following through find the creature's recently vacated husk and, later on, the mangled corpse of Klaski. It appears that the creature, impersonating Klaski, has been caring for Remy's well-being with a mind to fulfill its base purpose. Unfortunately for it, when they finally meet in a suspenseful setting in Remy's apartment, she decapitates it. However, it is not dead as cockroaches can live up to two weeks without a head and Remy and one of the students, who is now living with her, are left wondering how to handle the situation."] ['There once was a river where so many crocodiles roamed that it was far too dangerous for navigation or use. Many people from the surrounding villages had lost at least one of their relatives and loved ones to crocodile attacks. Among them, San, who changed his profession from being an ordinary farmer to a crocodile hunter, was no different. He wouldn’t have lost his dearest wife, relatives, neighbours, best friend, and nearly his own life if the notorious crocodiles had not been around. Ever since, he was determined that as long as he was alive, he had to put those crocodiles to death.'] ['Several men try to stop an ancient Native American evil in the form of a killer shark that is attacking a beach community.'] ['Dr. Neil Hamilton  receives a call from his old professor Dr. Kate Travis  about a patient of hers, a boy named Bobby. Bobby was given an experimental growth serum Travis had developed. The problem is a side effect of the serum. Bobby has not only grown, but has also become violent and difficult to control. Neil takes a sample of the growth serum back to his university lab, which is being protested by animal-rights activists led by Mark Hales  and Alex Reed , who is also Neil\'s girlfriend. The group has problems with the work of Prof. Edmund Delhurst ([[Colin Fox , who claims to study cancer, actually experiments on animals to find a cure for baldness. Neil and his assistant Joshua  test the growth serum on some lab rats. Later that night, the activists  break into the university. They trash Delhurst\'s lab and Break into Niel\'s lab, accidentally setting free the now-giant rats, which kill Mark and escape into the campus\' utility tunnels. Despite testimony from the surviving activists as well as Neil\'s own admission that he used a growth hormone, police Lieutenant Weizel  does not believe their story. Dean White  hires a pair of exterminators to handle what he believes are only normal rats. The rats kill several people, including one of the exterminators and the rest of the activists named Al and Angie, who tried to hunt the animals down themselves. The rest of the victims include Delhurst\'s assistant, a janitor named Zeke, and three studants. Although Lieutenant Weizel now believes the story, Dean White is still skeptical. He refuses to shut the campus down because of an upcoming grand opening of a new sports complex. Alex and Niel also start to become romantically involved. When Joshua is killed because of White\'s denial, Neil attacks the Dean and is fired. Suspicious of Neil\'s "side project", Edmund Delhurst takes the growth formula samples. He dies when he tests it on a sample of dog cancer cells, cutting his finger and contaminating his blood with the cancer cells and growth serum. He transforms into one giant mass of cancerous tumors. Neil breaks back into the university, develops an antidote and tests it out on the tumorous mass that was once Delhurst. Meanwhile, the rats attack the swimming competition being held in the new sports complex, killing several people, including Dean White. Weizel and his men arrive and, with Neil\'s assistance, lures the rats into the university courtyard, where they gun them all down including Niel\'s pet female rat, whom he used as bait for the males. With the carnage over, Neil phones Dr. Travis to inform her of the completed antidote, but it is too late. The now-psychotic and much bigger Bobby kills Travis while she is on the phone, and escapes.'] 