['Michel  is a young petty criminal who models himself on the film persona of Humphrey Bogart. After stealing a car in Marseille, Michel shoots a policeman who has followed him onto a country road. Penniless and on the run from the police, he turns to his American girlfriend Patricia , a student and aspiring journalist, who sells the New York Herald Tribune on the streets of Paris. The ambivalent Patricia unwittingly hides him in her apartment as he simultaneously tries to seduce her and call in a loan to fund their escape to Italy. At one point, Patricia says she is pregnant with Michel\'s child. She learns that Michel is on the run when questioned by the police. Eventually, she betrays him, but before the police arrive, she tells Michel what she did. He is somewhat resigned to a life in prison, and does not try to escape at first. The police shoot him in the street and, after a prolonged death run, he dies “à bout de souffle” .  Michel\'s death scene is one of the most iconic scenes in the film, but the film\'s final lines of dialogue are the source of some confusion for English-speaking audiences. In some translations, it is unclear whether Michel is condemning Patricia, or alternatively condemning the world in general. As Patricia and Detective Vital catch up with the dying Michel, there is the following exchange, according to the transcript published in Dudley Andrew\'s book on the film:  MICHEL: C\'est vraiment dégueulasse. PATRICIA: Qu\'est ce qu\'il a dit? VITAL: Il a dit que vous êtes vraiment "une dégueulasse". PATRICIA: Qu\'est ce que c\'est "dégueulasse"?{{cite book}}  In his book, Andrew translates the dialogue thus:  MICHEL: That\'s really disgusting. PATRICIA: What did he say? VITAL: He said, "You are really a bitch." PATRICIA: What is "dégueulasse" [bitch]?  Dégueulasse is the noun and adjective form of dégueuler, a slang verb meaning &#34;to vomit.&#34; Andrew&#39;s translation obscures the subtlety of Vital&#39;s misquotation of Michel; in the original French, it is not clear whether Vital misquotes him deliberately, or simply mishears. Other translations have made the possibility that Vital mishears Michel more apparent. In the English captioning of the 2001 Fox-Lorber Region One DVD, &#34;dégueulasse&#34; is translated as &#34;scumbag&#34;, producing the following dialogue:  MICHEL: It\'s a real scumbag. PATRICIA: What did he say? VITAL: He said, "You\'re a real scumbag". PATRICIA: What\'s a scumbag?  The 2007 Criterion Collection Region One DVD uses a less literal translation that renders the French into a familiar American colloquialism: MICHEL: Makes me want to puke. PATRICIA: What did he say? VITAL: He said you make him want to puke. PATRICIA: What\'s that mean, "puke"?  This translation also was used for the 2010 restoration print.'] ["The unnamed Driver  lives in a low-rent apartment building and works as a mechanic in a chop shop owned by Shannon , and as a part-time movie stuntman. He also has a secret job as a getaway driver, organized by Shannon, where his rule is that he never works for the same people twice and only gives the criminals a five-minute window to complete their robbery, after which he will leave them behind. One day, he meets his new neighbor Irene  in the apartment building elevator and later helps her and her young son Benicio  when Irene has car trouble at a local supermarket. Shannon persuades the mobster Bernie Rose  to purchase a stock car for the Driver to race after seeing the Driver's skill. Rose's friend and business partner is Nino, an aging Jewish mobster . Nino once had Shannon's pelvis broken when Shannon overcharged him for a past job, leaving him with a limp. Irene has her car towed to Shannon's garage and the Driver gives her and Benicio a ride home. The Driver begins spending more and more time with Irene and Benicio, and later meets Irene's husband, Standard , when he comes home from prison. Standard owes protection money to an Albanian gangster, Cook , from his time in prison. Cook beats up Standard and threatens to go after Irene and Benicio if Standard does not agree to rob a pawn shop to pay the debt. The Driver agrees to help Standard pay off the debt by driving him to and from the pawn shop. Blanche , Cook's moll, also participates in the heist. While waiting in the parking lot for Standard and Blanche to complete the heist, the Driver sees another car pull into the lot and park. Blanche returns to the car with a large bag. But when Standard leaves the pawn shop, he is shot in the neck by the owner and dies. The Driver flees with Blanche and the money, but the car that pulled into the parking lot minutes earlier gives chase, trying to run them off the road. The Driver eludes the other vehicle and they hide out in a motel room. The Driver discovers that the amount of money is much more than was expected. After the Driver threatens Blanche, she tells him that the chasing car belongs to Cook and that she and Cook planned to double-cross the Driver and Standard, taking the money for themselves. Two of Cook's men attack them in the motel room, killing Blanche and injuring the Driver before he kills them both. The Driver confronts Cook in his strip club and learns that Nino was behind the heist. Nino sends a hitman  to the Driver's apartment building, with whom the Driver and Irene unknowingly ride the elevator. The Driver gives Irene a kiss before killing the hitman by repeatedly stomping on his head, to her horror. Nino explains to Bernie that the money from the pawn shop belonged to the East Coast mafia. Fearing retaliation, Bernie and Nino agree to kill those with knowledge, starting with Cook. Bernie confronts Shannon in his garage and reluctantly kills him with a straight razor. The Driver, wearing a silicone mask disguise, follows Nino to the Pacific Coast Highway in his car and T-Bones Nino's car onto a beach. With Nino wounded and weakened, the Driver drowns him in the Pacific Ocean. The Driver speaks to Bernie on Nino's phone and they arrange to meet at a Chinese restaurant. The Driver makes a final phone call to Irene to tell her he is leaving, and says that meeting her and Benicio was the best thing that has ever happened to him. At the restaurant, Bernie promises only Irene and Benicio's safety, in exchange for the money. In the parking lot, Bernie stabs the Driver in the abdomen as he pulls the money from the trunk of his car. The Driver fatally stabs Bernie, leaving his corpse and the satchel of money behind. That evening, Irene knocks on the Driver's apartment door, with no response. The Driver drives off into the night."] ["In Los Angeles in 1948, Jake Berman  hires private investigator Jake Gittes  to catch his wife in the act of committing adultery. During the sting, Berman shoots the man, who turns out to be his partner in a real estate company. Gittes, under scrutiny for his unwitting part in the crime, must figure out if it was justifiable homicide or murder and how it connects with California's booming oil industry. There is also a connection to his own past after Gittes stumbles upon a wire recording during the investigation that mentions Katherine Mulwray, the daughter of Evelyn Mulwray  from Chinatown."] ['Julian Marty , the owner of a Texas bar, suspects his wife Abby  is having an affair with one of his bartenders, Ray . Marty hires private detective Loren Visser  to take photos of Ray and Abby in bed at a local motel. The morning after their tryst, Marty makes a menacing phone call to them, making it clear he is aware of their relationship. The following day, Ray confronts Marty and quits his job. Marty threatens Ray\'s life and advises him to not trust Abby. Marty hires Visser to kill the couple while Marty takes a fishing trip to Corpus Christi. Visser breaks into Ray\'s home, steals Abby\'s gun, and photographs the sleeping couple through the bedroom window. Later, he presents doctored photos of their corpses to Marty when collecting his $10,000 fee. He then shoots Marty with Abby\'s gun in a double cross, leaving the gun at the scene, to frame her for Marty\'s murder. Later that evening, Ray returns to the bar and, finding Marty\'s body and Abby\'s gun, assumes Abby murdered her husband. He decides to cover up the murder, cleaning up the blood and disposing of evidence in a backyard incinerator. Ray drives to a remote field to dispose of Marty\'s body, but discovers that Marty is still alive. He throws Marty in the hole and buries him alive. Afterward, Ray calls Abby and she thanks him for calling her in the morning, but he misinterprets this as her gratitude for his role in Marty\'s murder. Visser burns the doctored photos of Abby and Ray, but realizes one is missing, having been locked in the bar\'s safe by Marty. Annoyed, Visser reaches for his cigarette lighter only to realize he left it in Marty\'s office. Meanwhile, Ray visits Abby and tells her "I cleaned up your mess". Abby does not know what Ray is talking about. Ray assumes Abby is being coy, and they begin to argue. They are interrupted by a telephone call from Visser, who says nothing. Abby tells Ray it was Marty on the phone. But Ray assumes Abby is lying, and storms out. Confused by Ray\'s behavior, Abby goes to the bar to find it ransacked. Visser had been trying to break into the safe, but was interrupted by Abby\'s arrival. Observing the scene, Abby now thinks that Ray killed Marty because of a money dispute. She accuses him of this the next time they meet, but he explains that he found her gun at the bar and that he buried Marty alive. Ray returns once more to the bar and opens the safe, finding Visser\'s faked photo. He realizes he is being followed as he leaves for Abby\'s apartment. When Abby arrives home that night, she turns on a light and finds Ray looking out the large window. He tells Abby to turn off the light because someone is watching them from across the street. Abby thinks Ray is threatening her, and leaves the light on. Visser is on a nearby roof with a rifle and, seeing Ray in the window, shoots him dead. Realizing Ray was right, Abby knocks out the light. She hides in the bathroom just as Visser arrives. Visser goes to the bathroom to kill Abby, who is not there. Reaching out the window, he opens the window to the next apartment, but Abby slams it down on his wrist and drives a knife through his hand. Visser shoots holes through the wall, punches through, and removes the knife. Abby retreats and waits behind the bathroom door, holding a gun. As Visser is about to emerge, she fires through the door, hitting Visser. "I\'m not afraid of you, Marty," Abby says. Visser, lying on the bathroom floor, mortally wounded, suddenly bursts into laughter. He says: "Well, ma\'am, if I see \'im, I\'ll sure give \'im the message."'] ["Michael Chambers returns home to celebrate his mother's remarriage. Michael had fled his hometown due to gambling indiscretions and had left his wife Rachel to deal with the mess he created. He must now reassimilate into the town, renew his relationships with his family and friends  and, most of all, seek out his ex-wife to woo her again. Michael obtains a job working for his mother's new husband as an armored car driver. He almost seems the perfect prodigal son as he finds his niche back in the community and his way back into his ex-wife's heart. His troubles increase when he and Rachel are caught in the act by her hoodlum boyfriend Dundee. To get out of this predicament, Michael must concoct a plan to steal a payroll being transported by his armored car company."] ['Aging private detective Harry Ross, an ex-cop, is working on a case to return 17-year-old Mel Ames to her home. He tracks down Mel and her sleazy boyfriend, Jeff Willis, at a motel. During a struggle with the reluctant runaway, Harry\'s gun is discharged, striking him in the upper thigh. Two years go by. Ross is living in southern California in the guest quarters of Mel\'s wealthy parents, Jack and Catherine Ames. They are former film industry bigwigs, now in the twilight of their years. Jack is dying of cancer, and he and Ross pass time playing cards. One day, Jack asks a favor of Harry—to deliver a package. It turns out to be the first development in a series of twists and turns in a 20-year-old case involving the disappearance of Catherine\'s ex-husband. A man named Ivar is murdered at the proposed meeting place where Harry was to bring the package. Harry is detained by police, including a close friend, Lt. Verna Hollander. At the police station, he runs into another old pal and colleague, now retired, Raymond Hope. Verna and Raymond are both sympathetic because they have heard rumors that Harry was shot two years ago not in the thigh but between the legs. He assures them that it is not true. Harry has a developing interest in Catherine and ends up in bed with her one night. He also is blackmailed by a parole officer he calls Mucho, after she describes herself as "Mucho Hair, Mucho Tits," and by Mel\'s old boyfriend, Jeff, now an ex-con. A dying Jack Ames feels betrayed that Harry has had a fling with his wife. Harry, meanwhile, is forced to face the reality that his friends have been deceitful and manipulative of him. Raymond Hope tries to persuade Harry to get away from it all, but Harry has figured it out that Hope has been on-the-take and a conspirator in the 20-year-old murder of Catherine\'s first husband. A showdown ensues in Raymond\'s glass-walled hillside home.'] ['Michael Williams  is a drifter living out of his car after being discharged from the Marine Corps. A job on an oilfield falls through due to his unwillingness to conceal a war injury on his job application, so Michael wanders into rural Red Rock, Wyoming, looking for other work. A local bar owner named Wayne  mistakes him for a hit man, "Lyle from Dallas," whom Wayne has hired to kill his wife. Wayne offers him a stack of cash--"half now, half later"--and Michael doesn\'t correct him, taking the money. Michael then visits Wayne\'s wife, Suzanne , and attempts to warn her that her life is in danger instead of killing her. She makes a tempting counteroffer to him. Michael, knowing that the longer he stays in town the more dangerous it is, tries to leave but with no success. The twists and turns in his attempts to leave Red Rock find him dodging bullets when "Lyle from Dallas"  finally does show up. Michael knocks out Lyle, but complicates matters when he becomes romantically involved with Suzanne. The next morning, when Lyle comes to get money from Wayne, he kidnaps both Suzanne and Michael, gets Wayne out of jail, and finally ends up at the wrong end of a fight in a graveyard.'] ['Jimmy Kilmartin is an ex-con living in Astoria in the New York City borough of Queens, trying to stay clean and raising a family with his wife Bev. But when his cousin Ronnie causes him to take a fall for driving an illegal transport of stolen cars, a police officer named Calvin Hart is injured and Jimmy lands back in prison. In exchange for an early release, he is asked to help bring down a local crime boss named Little Junior Brown. Jimmy\'s wife is killed in a car accident and his cousin Ronnie is beaten to death by Little Junior. With Jimmy still refusing to testify or "name names," years pass in Sing Sing without an early release. By the time Jimmy finally agrees to work with District Attorney Frank Zioli, his daughter barely knows him. Jimmy remarries and attempts to renew a relationship with his child. But he is sent undercover by Detective Hart to work with Junior and infiltrate his operations. As soon as Little Junior kills an undercover federal agent with Jimmy watching, the unscrupulous district attorney and the feds further complicate his life. He must take down Junior or face the consequences.'] ['Divorced lawyer Rick Magruder  stumbles drunk out of a party hosted by his firm and has a chance meeting with a woman named Mallory Doss , a waitress at the party who seems to have lost her car. Rick drives the woman to her home, where her car has been already parked, seemingly by her father, Dixon Doss . Rick and Mallory walk into the house arguing. Mallory carelessly undresses in front of him, after which they spend the night together. Later in the day, Mallory asks him to file suit against her father because of his dangerous behavior. Now obsessed with Mallory and willing to do anything for her, Rick is successful in having Dixon put on trial and sent to a mental institution. But when he is freed, Rick must protect himself and his children from the danger he has brought into his life.'] ["John Murdoch  awakens in a hotel bathtub, suffering from amnesia. He receives a telephone call from Dr. Daniel Schreber , who urges him to flee the hotel from a group of men who are after him. During the telephone conversation, John discovers the corpse of a brutalized, ritualistically murdered woman, along with a bloody knife. Murdoch flees the scene, just as the group of men  arrive at the room. Eventually he learns his real name, and finds his wife Emma . He is also sought by police inspector Frank Bumstead  for a series of murders allegedly committed by Murdoch, who cannot remember killing anybody. While being pursued by the Strangers, Murdoch discovers that he has psychokinetic powers like them, and he uses these powers to escape from them. Murdoch moves about the city, which experiences perpetual night. He sees people become temporarily comatose at midnight, when the Strangers stop time and alter the cityscape, as well as people's identities and memories. Murdoch questions the dark urban environment, and discovers—through clues and interviews with his family—that he was originally from a coastal town called Shell Beach. Attempts at finding a way out of the city to Shell Beach are hindered by lack of reliable information from everyone he meets. Meanwhile, the Strangers, disturbed by the presence of this human who also possesses psychokinetic powers, inject one of their men, Mr. Hand  with Murdoch's memories, in an attempt to find him. Murdoch eventually finds Bumstead, who recognizes Murdoch's innocence and has his own questions about the nature of the dark city. They find and confront Dr. Schreber, who explains that the Strangers are endangered extraterrestrial parasites who use corpses as their hosts. Having a collective consciousness, the Strangers have been experimenting with humans to analyze their individuality in the hopes that some insight might be revealed that would help their race survive. Schreber reveals Murdoch as an anomaly who inadvertently awoke during one midnight process, when Schreber was in the middle of fashioning his identity as a murderer. The three men embark to find Shell Beach, which ultimately exists only as a billboard at the edge of the city. Frustrated, Murdoch tears through the wall, revealing a hole into outer space. The men are confronted by the Strangers, including Mr. Hand, who holds Emma hostage. In the ensuing fight, Bumstead, along with one of the Strangers, falls through the hole into space, revealing the city as an enormous space habitat surrounded by a force field. The Strangers bring Murdoch to their home beneath the city and force Dr. Schreber to imprint Murdoch with their collective memory, believing Murdoch to be the final answer to their experiments. Schreber betrays them by inserting false memories in Murdoch which artificially reestablish his childhood as years spent training and honing his psychokinetic abilities and learning about the Strangers and their machines. Murdoch awakens, fully realizing his abilities, frees himself and battles with the Strangers, defeating their leader Mr. Book  in a battle high above the city. After learning from Dr. Schreber that Emma's personality is gone and cannot be restored within her body, Murdoch utilizes his new-found powers through the Strangers' machine to create an actual Shell Beach by flooding the area within the force field with water and forming mountains and beaches. On his way to Shell Beach, Murdoch encounters Mr. Hand and informs him that the Strangers have been searching in the wrong place—the head—to understand humanity. Murdoch opens the door leading out of the city, and steps out to view a sunrise that he created. Beyond him is a dock, where he finds the woman he knew as Emma, now with new memories and a new identity as Anna. Murdoch reintroduces himself as they walk to Shell Beach, beginning their relationship anew."] ["The film is set in a small coastal community in New Jersey where the only action in town is a nightclub called The Pavilion. The owner, Pete , can barely make the payroll so in an effort to bring in more business, he hires a sultry stripper named Danny Lee . Danny Lee's act soon turns the head of Ralph, which is not good news for his bed-ridden wife Luanne . Luanne's nasty talent is her gift for gossip, and when she begins to suspect that Ralph has adultery on his mind, she starts spreading more ugly rumors that have just enough basis in fact to stick. Soon things spin out of control and a wave of violence begins."] ['Frank  is an highly experienced jewel thief and hardened ex-convict who has a set structure to his life. With a pair of successful Chicago businesses (a [[Bar  as fronts for his lucrative criminal enterprise, Frank sets out to fulfill the missing part of his life vision: a family beginning with Jessie , a pretty cashier he has begun dating. After taking down a major diamond score, Frank\'s fence, Joe Gags , is murdered for being on the take - pushed out of a 12th story window. Barry , Frank\'s friend and associate making the pick-up, discovers that a shady plating company executive Gags was working for is responsible, a Mr. Attaglia . $185,000 of Frank\'s fence money was lifted by Attaglia from Gags when he was killed. Frank demands his money back in a tense office hours confrontation at Attaglia\'s plating company. This leads to a late evening face-to-face meeting with Attaglia\'s employer, Leo , a high-level fence and Chicago Outfit boss. Unknown to Frank, Leo has been downing Frank\'s "merch" from Gags for some time. He admires Frank\'s quality fenced goods and professionalism, and wants him taking down contract scores all over the country working directly for him, offering Frank "boxcar" profits. "I\'ll make you a millionaire in four months," Leo states at their jargon filled meeting, which is monitored from a distance by police surveillance - as well as a hidden Barry and his M1 Carbine in case the meeting goes bad. At first, Frank is reluctant to consider Leo\'s offer, not wanting to "deal with egos" nor wanting the added exposure. But later that night at a coffee shop, an emotional bonding with Jessie changes the game when she agrees to be part of his life after he relates a harrowing tale of prison survival by way of a toughened mental attitude. To hasten his plans, Frank now agrees to do just one big score for Leo, telling Barry that this will be their last job. With a little help from the paternal Leo after being rejected at the state adoption agency, Frank is even able to acquire a baby on the black market, a son he names David after his recently deceased mentor and closest friend from prison, nicknamed Okla . Things start heating up on account of Frank\'s new association with Leo. After resisting a shakedown from a group of corrupt police detectives, then subsequently ditching their surveillance, Frank and his crew are soon involved in a large-scale West Coast diamond heist organized by Leo. All goes well, Frank\'s big payday finally arrives after the meticulously planned "burn job" is successful, and he is expecting the agreed-upon sum of $830,000 on $4 million wholesale of unmounted stones. But when Frank returns from the job a few days later, Leo tosses him an envelope containing less than $100,000, the "cash part" according to Leo, who also tells him that he has invested the rest of Frank\'s cut in shopping centers, an idea Frank had flatly rejected during one of their prior meetings. In addition, Leo sets up a Palm Beach score for Frank in six weeks without his approval. An irate Frank bluntly tells Leo that their deal is over, then takes the envelope of cash as he leaves and demands the rest of his money in 24 hours or "...you will wear your ass for a hat." Frank drives to his car lot to meet with Barry unaware that Leo\'s henchmen have already beaten and captured Barry, and are waiting in ambush for him. In the set-up, Frank is knocked out with the butt of a carbine and Barry is killed by several shotgun blasts from Carl , one of Leo\'s main enforcers. Frank awakens in a factory warehouse with Leo staring down at him, surrounded by his henchmen. Leo coldly informs him that he, Jessie, their child, and everything he owns are Leo\'s property. He even cruelly threatens to prostitute Jessie and "...whack out your whole family" if Frank does not continue working for him. Leo warns Frank to "tighten up" and focus on his responsibilities; meanwhile, his henchmen dispose of Barry\'s body. Frank goes home to contemplate his next move, gradually sinking into a hardened apathy akin to his prison days. He calmly orders an uncomprehending Jessie out of their house, telling her their marriage is over. He instructs an associate to drive her, the baby and $400,000 in cash somewhere where they cannot be found, informing Jessie more money will be coming at regular intervals, but that he will not be joining her. With nothing to lose, Frank blows up their home in a fiery nighttime blast using high explosive charges. He then drives to his business establishments and does the same, destroying his bar in a violent explosion then setting fire to his car lot. Armed with his Hoag custom 6" long-slide M1911A1 sidearm, he quietly breaks into Leo\'s house in a peaceful neighborhood and pistol whips Attaglia in the kitchen - which alerts Leo in the living room. Frank then executes a tense room-clearing of the first floor hunting for Leo who is hiding and armed with a .357 Magnum revolver. Leo is inevitably located and gunned down by Frank. Frank then pursues Attaglia as he tries to escape from the house, but is promptly confronted by Carl and another henchman. In the ensuing gunfight, Frank is shot, but manages to kill the trio. The final scene is of a wounded Frank walking away into the night.'] ['San Francisco-based crime novelist Dashiell Hammett, trying to put his Pinkerton detective days behind him while establishing himself as a writer, finds himself drawn back into his old life one last time by the irresistible call of friendship and to honor a debt.'] ['During a particularly intense Florida heatwave, Ned Racine , an inept and somewhat sleazy lawyer, begins an affair with Matty , wife of Edmund Walker , a wealthy businessman. They go to great lengths to keep their affair a secret, but Ned mistakenly makes a pass at a woman he thought was Matty. She turns out to be an old school friend of hers named Mary Ann Simpson ; and Matty is seen performing fellatio on Ned by Edmund\'s young niece Heather  who is staying with Matty. Ned even meets Edmund when he comes across the Walkers by chance. Matty soon makes it clear to Ned that she wants to leave Edmund but also wants his money, explaining that a divorce would leave her with very little of his fortune because of a prenuptial agreement. Racine suggests that the only option is to kill Edmund. While planning the murder, Ned consults one of his shadier clients, Teddy Lewis , an expert on incendiary devices, who gives Ned the bomb he built for him. Matty tries to get Ned to change Edmund\'s will to prevent Heather from getting half the fortune, but he refuses in order to avoid suspicious activity in the days leading up to Edmund\'s death. Racine establishes an alibi at a Miami hotel, then drives back to the Walker estate at night where he kills Edmund. He places the body in an abandoned business that Edmund was known to be involved with, and destroys the building with the incendiary device, to make it look like a botched arson job. After his victim\'s death has been officially declared, Ned is contacted by Edmund\'s lawyer about a new will that Racine supposedly drew up on Edmund\'s behalf which was witnessed by Matty\'s friend Mary Ann Simpson. Unaware of the new will\'s existence, Ned plays along to avoid suspicion. Still leaving half the estate to Heather, the new will is so badly prepared it is declared null and void, due to a violation of the rule against perpetuities, resulting in Matty getting the entire fortune. As Matty later admits to an angered Ned that she forged the will, Ned\'s friends, prosecutor Peter Lowenstein  and police Detective Oscar Grace , begin to suspect Ned of involvement with Matty in a plot to kill her husband. While Ned is in Grace\'s office, Edmund\'s sister Roz brings in her daughter Heather to identify the man she saw earlier with Aunt Matty. Heather meets Ned face-to-face but fails to recognize him. No longer concealing his affair with Matty, Ned tells Grace and Lowenstein it has only recently begun. They reveal to him that Edmund\'s steel-rim glasses, which he always wore, were not on him at the time of the explosion, and are nowhere to be found. Mary Ann Simpson has also disappeared, having supposedly left the country after witnessing the new will that Matty forged. Nervous about the will, the glasses, the suspicions of the police, and Matty\'s loyalty, Ned happens upon a lawyer who once sued him over a mishandled legal case who reveals that to make amends, he recommended Ned to Matty Walker, and admits to telling her about his lack of competence as a lawyer. Lowenstein warns Ned that someone kept calling his hotel room on the night in question but never got an answer, thereby weakening his alibi. While in custody on a separate charge, Teddy Lewis also warns Ned that a woman came to him for another incendiary device, and that he showed her how to set it to explode when opening a door. Matty calls Ned to tell him the glasses were found by her housekeeper who, in exchange for money, has left them in the boathouse on the Walker estate. At her prompting, a suspicious Ned goes to the boathouse late at night and sees through the window a long twisted wire attached to the door. When Matty shows up, Ned confronts her at gunpoint. She admits to having arranged to meet him on purpose but claims to really love him now. He tells her to prove it by going to the boathouse and getting the glasses. In walking off toward the boathouse, Matty disappears into the night; then the boathouse explodes. Grace, having obtained enough evidence for an arrest, finds in the building\'s remains a body that is identified as Matty Walker  through dental records. Now in prison, Ned tries to convince Grace that Matty is still alive, laying out for him the scenario that the woman he knew as "Matty" had an unsavory background and, in order to marry Edmund Walker and get his money, assumed the identity of Matty Tyler. The woman Ned knew as "Mary Ann Simpson" discovered this and played along, presumably in exchange for some of the money, but was then murdered and left in the boathouse. Had he been killed by entering the boathouse, the police would have closed the case; both suspects would have been found dead, and "Matty" would have gotten away clean with the money, which was never recovered. Remembering that Matty told him where and when she attended High School in Illinois, Ned writes to the school asking for the yearbook from that time. As Ned looks through the yearbook, he finds the pictures of Mary Ann Simpson and Matty Tyler, confirming his suspicion that Mary Ann Simpson stole Matty Tyler\'s identity, eventually becoming Matty Walker. Below the real Matty\'s picture is the nickname "Smoocher" and "Ambition&mdash;To Graduate"; below Mary Ann\'s is the nickname "The Vamp", swim-team membership, and "Ambition&mdash;To be rich and live in an exotic land". In a coda filmed in a single shot, a distracted Mary Ann is seated on a comfortable chair on the beach of a tropical island. Reclining beside her is a virile young man, barely glimpsed but apparently a native of the place. As he lifts an ice-filled drink from a tray beside her, he addresses her in his own language. "It\'s hot," he says, when she asks him what he\'s said. Mary Ann puts on her sunglasses and agrees.'] ['On a ship in San Pedro Bay, a faceless figure identified as "Keyser" speaks briefly with an injured man called Keaton , then appears to shoot Keaton, before setting the ship ablaze. The next day, agents Jack Baer  and Dave Kujan  of the Federal Bureau of Investigation and U.S. Customs Service respectively, arrive in San Pedro separately to investigate what happened on the boat. There appear to be only two survivors: Roger "Verbal" Kint , a con artist with cerebral palsy, and a hospitalized Hungarian criminal named Arkosh Kovash. Baer interrogates the severely burned Kovash in the hospital, who claims that Keyser Söze, a Turkish criminal mastermind with a near-mythical reputation, was in the harbor "killing many men". Kovash begins to describe Söze through an interpreter while a police sketch artist draws a rendering of Söze\'s face. Meanwhile, Verbal has testified at length about the incident in exchange for near-total immunity. While waiting to post bail on a minor weapons charge, Verbal is placed in the cluttered office of San Pedro Police Sergeant Jeffrey Rabin  where Kujan demands to hear his story from the beginning. Verbal\'s tale starts six weeks earlier in New York City: Five criminals are brought together in a police lineup: Dean Keaton, a corrupt former police officer who has apparently given up his life of crime; Michael McManus , a short-tempered professional thief; Fred Fenster , McManus\' partner who speaks in mangled English; Todd Hockney , a hijacker; and Verbal. While in holding, McManus convinces the others to join forces to commit a robbery targeting New York\'s Finest Taxi Service, a group of corrupt New York City Police Department officers who escort smugglers to their destinations around the city. After the successful robbery, the quintet travel to Los Angeles to sell their loot to McManus\' fence, "Redfoot" , who talks them into another job: robbing a purported jewel dealer. Instead of carrying jewels or money as they were told, however, the dealer had heroin. An angry confrontation between the thieves and Redfoot reveals that the job came from a lawyer named Kobayashi . The thieves later meet with Kobayashi, who claims to work for Keyser Söze and who blackmails them into attacking a ship at San Pedro harbor. Kobayashi describes the boat as smuggling $91 million worth of cocaine to be purchased by Söze\'s rivals. The thieves are to destroy the drugs and, if they choose to wait until the buyers arrive, split the cash. In the present, Verbal tells Kujan the story of Keyser Söze. Years before, his Hungarian rivals invaded his home and demanded his territory, raping his wife and killing one of his children to show him their resolve. In response, Söze surprised them by killing his own wife and remaining children, then massacred the entire mob. He then went underground, never directly dealing with anyone in person, and became "a spook story criminals tell their kids at night". Baer tells Kujan that he has heard rumors for years about Söze\'s insulating himself behind layers of minions who do not know for whom they are working. Verbal resumes his story. Fenster attempts to run away, only to be killed by Kobayashi. The four remaining thieves kidnap Kobayashi, intending to kill him if he does not leave them alone. Unbowed, Kobayashi reveals that Edie Finneran , Keaton\'s lawyer and girlfriend, is in his office , and he threatens to kill her as well as the families of the four thieves, should they refuse the job. On the night of the cocaine deal, the sellers  and the buyers  are on the dock. Keaton tells Verbal to stay back, and to take the money to Edie if the plan goes awry so she can pursue Kobayashi "her way". Verbal reluctantly agrees, and watches the boat from a distance. Keaton, McManus, and Hockney attack the men at the pier, killing most of them. Keaton and McManus board the ship to find the drugs while Hockney goes after the van carrying the cash, though he is fatally shot by someone unseen when he finds it. Keaton and McManus discover there is no cocaine on the boat. Meanwhile, the unseen assailant shoots a closely guarded Argentine passenger; this same figure kills McManus and wounds Keaton. The mysterious figure appears to speak briefly with Keaton before shooting him again. With Verbal\'s story finished, Kujan reveals what he knows: the Argentinian man murdered on the boat was Arturo Marquez, a drug dealer who, in order to escape jail time, had revealed to authorities that he could identify Keyser Söze. A group of Hungarians Kujan assumes to be the same group that Söze nearly annihilated in Turkey were offering to buy Marquez from the Argentinian group for $91 million. Using the fabrication of a drug deal, Kujan speculates, Söze had Verbal and his crew sent to the docks as a cover for Söze to personally enter the boat and kill Marquez undetected. Kujan concludes that Keaton actually was Keyser Söze; he is convinced that Keaton has faked his death  and deliberately left Verbal as a witness. Under Kujan\'s aggressive questioning, Verbal tearfully admits that the whole scheme was Keaton\'s idea from the beginning, but refuses to testify. His bail having been posted, Verbal retrieves his personal effects from the property officer. Moments later, Kujan, relaxing in Rabin\'s office, realizes that details and names from Verbal\'s story are culled from various objects around the room - including Rabin\'s crowded bulletin board and the "Kobayashi Porcelain Company" logo on the bottom of his coffee cup. Kujan realizes that most of Verbal\'s story was improvised for his benefit and chases after him, running past a fax machine as it receives the police artist\'s impression of Keyser Söze\'s face, which resembles none other than Verbal Kint. Meanwhile, Verbal walks away from the police station, dropping his feigned limp. He gets into a waiting car driven by "Kobayashi", pulling away just as Kujan comes outside, searching in vain. Verbal\'s quote from Charles Baudelaire is repeated: "The greatest trick the devil ever pulled was convincing the world he didn\'t exist."<ref nameoeuvre&srub167 Le Spleen de Paris], 1864. This is followed by his earlier description of Keyser Söze: "And like that, he\'s gone."'] ['Tom Ripley  is a wealthy American living comfortably in Hamburg, Germany. He is involved in an artwork forgery scheme, in which he appears at auctions to bid on forged paintings produced by an accomplice, artificially driving up the price. At one of these auctions, he is introduced to Jonathan Zimmermann , a picture framer who is dying of a rare and unspecified blood disease. Jonathan refuses to shake Tom\'s hand when introduced, coldly saying, "I\'ve heard of you" before walking away. Tom is approached by an associate, a French criminal named Raoul Minot , who asks Tom if he can commit the murder of a rival gangster. Tom turns him down: "Listen. I know rock musicians. I know lawyers. I know art dealers, pimps, politicians. But murder? I don\'t want to be involved. Period." Minot presses Tom for an alternate solution, as he claims Tom owes him for something. Tom\'s idea is to spread rumors about Jonathan\'s illness taking a turn for the worse to make him think he has little to lose, and then for Minot to approach him with the offer to commit an assassination for a great deal of money that he can put away for his wife and son after he dies. Jonathan initially turns Minot down, but becomes greatly distressed by the thought that he may not have long to live. He agrees to come to France to get a second medical opinion on his illness, arranged by Minot, and Minot arranges to have the results altered to make it look as if Jonathan is more ill than he actually is and hasn\'t long to live. The report upsets Jonathan even more, and in his grief, he agrees to commit the murder, a shooting in a subway station. Tom visits Jonathan in his shop before and after the shooting to get a picture framed, without Jonathan knowing Tom\'s involvement in the scheme, and the two begin to form a bond. Minot visits Tom again, telling of his satisfaction with Jonathan\'s performance. Tom, who has become somewhat attached to Jonathan, is appalled when Minot says he plans to use Jonathan for another murder of a rival gangster, this time on a moving train using a garrote. Jonathan agrees to the second murder but is not convinced he\'ll survive the ordeal, telling Minot to make sure his wife gets the money regardless of what happens to him. Before he can go through with it, however, Tom appears on the train and executes the target himself, along with a bodyguard. Back home, Tom and Jonathan meet and Tom confesses to getting Jonathan involved in the murder scheme for insulting him at the artwork auction, but he declines Jonathan\'s offer to keep the money for the second hit. When Jonathan asks Tom what he wants for helping on the train, Tom says he wants nothing from Jonathan and adds, "I would like to be your friend, but friendship isn\'t possible." Tom advises Jonathan to tell Minot that he did the job on the train alone. Tom is later contacted by Jonathan, who is distressed by a couple of problems. First, his wife is becoming increasingly suspicious – she does not believe the cover stories he has been telling her about his trips and the money he has been receiving, and she believes Tom is somehow involved and corrupting him. Second, he has been receiving mysterious phone calls and believes the Mafia is trying to find them. Minot visits Jonathan with news that his flat was recently bombed. Tom picks up Jonathan and they drive to his mansion, where they wait for assassins to appear. The gunmen are ambushed and killed by Tom and Jonathan. Tom piles their bodies into the ambulance in which they arrived, and plans for he and Jonathan to drive a great distance before disposing of the bodies. Jonathan\'s wife appears as they are making their plans – she confronts Jonathan and tells him that he was deceived by the altered medical reports. Tom approaches her and explains that she and her husband can settle matters later, but for now, they need to dispose of the bodies. They drive to the sea, Tom in the ambulance and Mrs. Zimmermann driving her husband in their car, and Tom douses the ambulance with gasoline and sets fire to it on the beach, yelling in triumph over his enemies as he does so. Watching him, Jonathan ushers his wife into the car and drives away, abandoning Tom on the beach. As he drives away, he tells his wife that one day she\'ll have to explain everything to their son. He loses consciousness and dies on the side of the road. Tom is seen sitting by the dock on the beach, smiling and saying, "We made it anyway, Jonathan. Be careful."'] ['Opening at a Los Angeles party around Christmas, self-aware narrator Harry Lockhart  recounts the events of the film. When fleeing a botched robbery with his friend, Harry\'s friend is killed, forcing Harry to evade the police by ducking into an audition; when the script mirrors his friend\'s death, Harry impresses the producers with an outburst they mistake for method acting. Attending the intro Hollywood party before a screen test, Harry is introduced to private investigator "Gay" Perry van Shrike , who is enlisted to help Harry prepare for his acting role, and later re-encounters his childhood crush and friend Harmony Lane ; due to Harmony\'s younger sister Jenna being subject to sexual abuse, Harmony left for L.A. to become an actress and to support her sister. Concurrently, Harry also meets party host Harlan Dexter , a retired actor and millionaire who recently resolved a ten year feud over his wife\'s inheritance with his daughter, Veronica. While investigating the next day, Perry and Harry witness a vehicle and body being dumped in a lake, and are spotted by the killers; as Perry accidentally shot the corpse, they are prevented from calling the police. Returning to his hotel, Harry receives a call stating Harmony committed suicide; Harmony then appears and reveals she was mistaken for her sister, Jenna, who arrived in L.A. and stole Harmony\'s credit cards, only to then kill herself. Believing Harry to be a detective, Harmony then asks him to investigate Jenna\'s death as she thinks she was murdered. After Harmony leaves, Harry discovers the lake corpse in his bathroom, as well as a planted pistol; after he and Perry dump the corpse, it is found and identified as Veronica Dexter, whom the pair saw at the party. Perry demands Harry leave L.A. due to the lake killers identifying and framing him. However, Harry discovers Perry was hired to investigate the lake by Harmony\'s late sister, linking the cases. Attending a party where Harmony is working, the trio discover Harmony told her sister a fictional character  was her real father, prompting Jenna to come to L.A.. When Perry leaves to a stakeout for another case, Harry is threatened and beaten by the lake killers, Mr. Frying Pan  and Mustard . When taking Harry to the hospital, Harmony realizes the lake killers are heading to Perry\'s stakeout, prompting her to rescue him; when Harry is left passed out in Harmony\'s car, a Pink-Haired Girl , who is affiliated with the killers, unknowingly takes Harry to her safehouse; when Harry witnesses Mustard murdering her, Harry shoots and kills Mustard out of anger. After Harmony then disappears following a lead, Harry and Perry investigate a private health clinic owned by Harlan Dexter; Perry then realizes that Veronica Dexter was incarcerated there by Harlan so an impostor could drop her court case, before Harlan killed his daughter and crashed the body into the lake after gaining his wife\'s inheritance. After Harry and Perry are then captured, Dexter reveals he now plans to cremate his real daughter\'s corpse to remove any remaining evidence, only for Harmony to steal the van containing the coffin. Harry and Perry escape, but Harmony crashes the van, leaving Veronica\'s body hanging off an overpass. After Harmony flees and is concussed by a fall, a shootout commences that leaves Harry and Perry shot. When Harry tries to save Harmony, he falls over the overpass, grabbing onto Veronica\'s corpse; after narrowly shooting Dexter and his thugs, Harry finds Harmony, then collapses from his wounds. Awaking in the hospital, Harry finds that Perry and Harmony are fine, and the former reveals Harmony\'s sister was not murdered, but committed suicide. After Jenna escaped parental incest in Indiana, she located Dexter believing him to be her real father, only to find him having sex with Veronica\'s impostor, who was the Pink-Haired Girl; since she looked like Veronica Dexter at the time, Jenna believed Dexter to be incestuous like her real father, and, after hiring Perry to investigate, committed suicide. The film contains an epilogue where Perry confronts Harmony and Jenna\'s father, before the film closes with present-day Harry giving a monologue on how he now works for Perry.'] ['A two-bit New York lawyer named Harry Fabian gets caught up in his own scams. First he infuriates local crime figure and boxing promoter Ira "Boom Boom" Grossman by filing a baseless lawsuit against one of his boxers. Then he compounds the situation by recruiting Boom Boom\'s estranged brother, former professional prizefighter Al Grossman, to be his partner as he attempts to stage a boxing promotion himself. Harry\'s debts mount, causing him to approach the ruthless loan shark Mr. Peck and to count on a loan by bar owner Phil Nassaro, who secretly hates Harry and has become aware of his wife Helen\'s affair with him. Helen, the one true friend Harry has, is also betrayed when Harry pretends to acquire a liquor license for her new restaurant, giving her a forged one instead. Everything that can go wrong does go wrong, including Al Grossman\'s collapse from a heart attack. Harry runs out of chances as he desperately tries to avoid the wrath of those he has crossed.'] ["Woody Harrelson plays the character of Harry Barber, who is serving time in prison after being framed in a corruption scandal. Before his arrest, he was a reporter for a local newspaper that uncovered widespread corruption in the local government. After rejecting a bribe that would have ensured his silence Harry soon finds the funds deposited into his bank account and he is promptly arrested. Now, two years later, he is released when an ex-cop's testimony vindicates him. Though he is bitter against the town officials, Harry wanders back to Palmetto with his girlfriend Nina, who has been patiently waiting for him. Unable to find a job, he spends his days lounging in a local bar. In walks Rhea Malroux, the very attractive femme, wife of the richest man in town, who offers him a job: help her and her daughter Odette scam the old man out of $500,000 with a bogus kidnapping scheme, in which Harry would receive a ten per cent cut. Tempted by both Rhea's seductive charms and the prospect of some quick cash, Harry goes along with the plan. But when Odette winds up dead, and all indications point to Harry as the murderer, he finds himself way over his head."] ['A struggling, unemployed young writer  takes to following strangers around the streets of London, ostensibly to find inspiration for his first novel. Initially, he sets strict rules for himself regarding whom he should follow and for how long, but soon discards them as he focuses on a well-groomed, handsome man in a dark suit. The man in the suit, having noticed he is being followed, quickly confronts the Young Man and introduces himself as "Cobb". Cobb reveals that he is a serial burglar and invites The Young Man to accompany him on various burglaries. The material gains from these crimes seem to be of secondary importance to Cobb, who takes pleasure in rifling through the personal items in his targets\' flats, and doing things such as drinking their wine. He explains that his true passion is using the shock of robbery and violation of property to make his victims re-examine their lives. He sums up his attitude thus: "You take it away, and show them what they had." The Young Man is thrilled by Cobb\'s lifestyle. He attempts break-ins of his own, as Cobb encourages and guides him. At Cobb\'s suggestion, he alters his appearance, cutting his hair short and wearing a dark suit. The Young Man assumes the name "Daniel Lloyd" based on the credit card Cobb gives to him and begins to pursue a relationship with a blonde woman whose flat he and Cobb burglarized. The Blonde turns out to be the girlfriend of a small-time gangster  whom she broke up with after he murdered a man in her flat. Soon, the Blonde confides that the Bald Guy is blackmailing her with incriminating photographs. The Young Man breaks into the Bald Guy\'s safe, but is caught in the act by an unidentified man. The Young Man bludgeons the man with a claw hammer and flees with the Bald Guy\'s money and photos. Upon returning to his flat, he finds that the photos are innocuous modeling shots. Confronting the Blonde, the Young Man learns that she and Cobb have been working together to manipulate him into mimicking Cobb\'s burglary methods. Cobb had recently discovered a murdered woman\'s body during one of his burglaries, and is attempting to deflect suspicion from himself by making it appear as though multiple burglars share his MO. The Young Man leaves to turn himself in to the police. The Blonde reports her success to Cobb, who then reveals that he actually works for the Bald Guy. The story about the murdered woman was part of a plot to deceive both the Blonde and the Young Man: The Blonde has been blackmailing the Bald Guy with evidence from the murder he committed in her flat, and he wants her murdered in such a way that it cannot be connected to him. Cobb bludgeons the Blonde to death with the same claw hammer that the Young Man used during the burglary of the Bald Guy\'s safe and leaves it at the scene. The police, checking out the Young Man\'s story, find the Blonde murdered and the claw hammer with his finger prints on it. The Young Man is implicated for all of Cobb\'s crimes, along with the murder of the blonde woman. Meanwhile, Cobb vanishes into a crowd.'] ['The story may not be linear and exhibits several instances of temporal disruption. A dark-haired woman  escapes her own murder, surviving a car accident on Mulholland Drive. Injured and in shock, she descends into Los Angeles and sneaks into an apartment which an older, red-headed woman has just vacated. An aspiring actress named Betty Elms  arrives at the same apartment and finds the dark-haired woman confused, not knowing her own name. The dark-haired woman assumes the name "Rita" after seeing a poster for the film Gilda , starring Rita Hayworth. To help Rita remember her identity, Betty looks in Rita\'s purse, where she finds a large amount of money and an unusual blue key. In a diner called Winkies, a man tells his companion about a nightmare in which he dreamt there was a horrible figure behind the diner. When they investigate, the figure appears, causing the man with the nightmare to collapse in fright. A Hollywood director named Adam Kesher  has his film commandeered by apparent mobsters, who insist he cast an unknown actress named Camilla Rhodes  as the lead in his film. After he resists, he returns home to find his wife having an affair and is thrown out of his house. He later learns that his bank has closed his line of credit and he is broke. He agrees to meet a mysterious figure called The Cowboy, who urges him to cast Camilla Rhodes for his own good. Later, a bungling hit man  attempts to steal a book full of phone numbers and leaves three people dead. Trying to learn more about Rita\'s accident, Betty and Rita go to Winkies and are served by a waitress named Diane, which causes Rita to remember the name "Diane Selwyn". They find Diane Selwyn in the phone book and call her, but she does not answer. Betty goes to an audition, where her performance is highly praised. A casting agent takes her to the set of a film called The Sylvia North Story, directed by Adam, where Camilla Rhodes gives an audition and Adam declares, "This is the girl." Betty flees before she can meet Adam, saying that she needs to meet a friend. Betty and Rita go to Diane Selwyn\'s apartment and break in when no one answers the door. In the bedroom they find the body of a woman who has been dead for several days. Terrified, they return to their apartment, where Rita disguises herself with a blonde wig. The two women have sex that night and awake at 2 a.m., when Rita insists they go to an eerie theater called Club Silencio. On stage, a man explains in several languages that everything is an illusion; a woman begins singing then collapses, although her vocals continue. Betty finds a blue box in her purse that matches Rita\'s key. Upon returning to the apartment, Rita retrieves the key and finds that Betty has disappeared. Rita unlocks the box, and it falls to the floor with a thump. The older red-headed woman investigates the sound, but nothing is there. The Cowboy appears in the doorway of Diane Selwyn\'s bedroom saying, "Hey, pretty girl. Time to wake up." Diane Selwyn  wakes up in her bed. She looks exactly like Betty, but is portrayed as a failed actress driven into a deep depression by her unrequited love for Camilla Rhodes . On Camilla\'s invitation, Diane attends a party at Adam\'s house on Mulholland Drive. Her limousine stops before they reach the house and Camilla escorts her using a shortcut. Adam appears to be in love with Camilla. Over dinner, Diane states that she came to Hollywood when her aunt died, and she met Camilla at an audition for The Sylvia North Story. Another woman  kisses Camilla and they turn and smile at Diane. Adam and Camilla prepare to make an important announcement, and dissolve into laughter and kiss while Diane watches, crying. Diane meets with the hit man at Winkies, where she gives him Camilla\'s photo and a large amount of money, and they are served by a waitress named Betty. The hit man tells Diane that when the job is done, she will find a blue key. Diane asks what, if anything, the key opens, but the hit man just laughs. Diane looks up and sees the man who had the nightmare standing at the counter. Back at her apartment, with the key on a table in front of her, she is terrorized by hallucinations. She runs screaming to her bed, where she shoots herself. A woman at the club whispers "Silencio".'] ["The police in San Juan, Puerto Rico investigate the rape and murder of two young girls. Captain Victor Benezet  questions Henry Hearst, an upstanding lawyer  about the crime, turning a ten-minute interview into a grueling interrogation. Hearst has a strained relationship with his beautiful young wife Chantal Hearst . A wealthy, influential man, Hearst has become the prime suspect, but the evidence against him is circumstantial. As the city celebrates the San Sebastian Festival, the police captain brings in Hearst for questioning, at first politely, and then less so, as he and a younger detective chip away at the suspect's alibi. They interrogate him for hours while Hearst's most private secrets are exposed one by one."] ["The film opens as detectives Kyle Bodine  and Lamar Dickey  investigate a murder scene. Bodine tutors Dickey in the ways of homicide investigations, stressing that all murderers make stupid mistakes, which is how they get caught. At a local bar, Bodine propositions Rachel Munro  who blows him off. Rachel is married to wealthy banker Rupert Munro . Back at home, she gets drunk as she looks at a private investigator's photos of Rupert making love to one of his employees, Adele. Rupert is intimidating and emotionally abusive towards Rachel, who decides to give in to Kyle's advances and start an affair with him. At one point, the lovers row out on a lake at night. Kyle points out the large full moon and says that his mother called it a China Moon, because it looks like a giant china dish. His mother thought a China Moon made people do crazy things. The couple go skinny dipping in the lake. Their affair quickly picks up steam, and Kyle urges Rachel to divorce Rupert. Soon after, Kyle and Lamar are called to the Munro's on a domestic disturbance complaint. They find Rachel badly beaten. Rupert is callously arrogant, dismissing his violence towards his wife as trivial. Kyle warns Rupert to leave her alone. Later that night, Rachel drives to Kyle's trailer and fantasizes about killing Rupert. She explains that she has bought a 9mm gun. She says that she could take a trip to Miami, drive back one night and kill him. Then she could return to her trip unseen, using it as an alibi. Kyle tries to talk her down, but she flees in a panic. Rachel arrives at a hotel in Miami, and the concierge hands her an envelope which contains the picture of a rental car and its keys. Later, she leaves the hotel at night, without noticing Adele sitting in the lobby. She gets in the rental car and drives back to her home. Meanwhile, Adele enters her hotel room. Instead of driving home, Rachel drives to Kyle's trailer, and he agrees to drive her home to get her things. He waits in the car as she packs a suitcase. Kyle does not see Rupert returning home, and when Rupert encounters Rachel in the act of leaving him, he flies into a rage. She gets her 9mm gun and shoots him twice in self defense. She stops Kyle from calling the police because she points out that she drove back from Miami without checking out of her hotel, just like her murder fantasy. She knows she would look guilty, and Kyle agrees to help her cover her tracks. Using his skills as a homicide detective, he helps her carefully clear the crime scene, even removing the bullets from the wall, spackling over the holes and painting them. They dump Rupert's body in the same lake where they first made love. Back at the house, Kyle turns on the humidifiers to erase any of his fingerprints. Rachel returns to the hotel in Miami and has brunch by the pool the next morning. When she returns home, she sticks to Kyle's plan and calls Rupert's bank. Rupert's secretary informs Rachel that he has not been in to work, and Rachel reports him missing to the police. Kyle and Lamar are assigned to the case. During their interviews with Rachel, Lamar is highly skeptical of her story, pointing out all its inconsistencies. As they shoot the breeze at Rachel's house, Lamar casually hypothesizes that Rachel killed Rupert with the help of one of her many boyfriends. He tells Kyle that Rachel is well known for wrapping men around her finger, and that, with the millions she would inherit from Rupert, it was highly likely that she got one of her boyfriends to help her kill Rupert and dispose of his body. Lamar starts to unnerve Kyle, who begins to doubt Rachel is telling him the truth. Lamar gets a tip about a car being out at the lake on the night of the murder. The police divers find Rupert's body. During the autopsy, the coroner extracts a bullet from Rupert's chest. Lamar takes the bullet and hands it to Kyle, saying that it looks like a .38. The detectives confirm that it is a .38, which is the caliber of gun that Kyle carries. During his first date with Rachel, she had inquired about the caliber of his gun. Back at the Munro house, Kyle discovers the photos of Rupert and Adele in Rachel's wardrobe. The crime scene technician discovers a bullet hole in the wall, and the extracted bullet is also a .38. Kyle is summoned to a meeting with his supervisor, who suspends him pending an investigation in to his involvement with the case. He orders Kyle to surrender his pistol. Later that day, Lamar arrives at Kyle's trailer and asks him to come in for some more questioning. The pistol he surrendered did not match the serial number on his service weapon. Sitting in the back seat of Lamar's car, Kyle fixates on a compass that sits on Lamar's dashboard. After a second, more forceful interrogation with his supervisor and Lamar, Kyle returns home and re-examines the pictures he discovered at Rachel's. He identifies Lamar's dashboard compass in the bottom of the frame of one of the pictures. Adele meets with Lamar, and he pays her for her part in the scheme, after she shows him a ticket to prove that she is leaving town. He promises to pay her the rest of her share once he has received his cut. Kyle sneaks into Rachel's house and confronts her about the scheme. She confesses that Rupert was going to leave her with nothing, and that Lamar had concocted the scheme to make sure she inherited all of Rupert's fortune. She swears that, despite the fact that Lamar had designated Kyle as the fall guy, she had fallen in love with him. Kyle orders her to set up a meeting with Lamar at the bar where they met. At the bar, Kyle confronts Lamar. He confirms that Lamar had switched out the 9mm bullet for a .38 during the coroner inquest. He asks Lamar where his service revolver is, and Lamar says it is in his car. Kyle forces Lamar out to his car at gunpoint to retrieve the .38. The bartender sees Kyle's gun at Lamar's back and calls the police. They arrive as Kyle is searching for his pistol underneath the driver's seat in Lamar's car. Lamar calls out to the police that Kyle has a gun, and they open fire, killing Kyle. A distraught Rachel runs over to Kyle as he lays dying. She picks up the .38 and kills Lamar."] ['Fred Madison , a Los Angeles saxophonist, receives a message from an unknown man on the intercom of the front door of his house saying, "Dick Laurent is dead." When he looks out his window the streets outside his house are empty and faint police sirens are heard in the distance. Fred then plays his saxophone at a nightclub that night, but his wife Renee  does not join him. Fred calls his house during a break, but she does not answer. Arriving home later, Fred sees Renee asleep in bed and when he later asks her where she was; she tells him that she never left the house all evening. One night, after the two have sex, Fred sees Renee\'s face as that of a pale old man. The next morning, there is a mysterious package that arrives on the front doorstep containing a videotape of their home. As the days pass, more tapes arrive, showing the interior of their house and even shots of them in bed sleeping. Fred and Renee call the police, but the two detectives Al and Ed  say that there\'s nothing they can do about it but agree to keep in touch. That evening, Fred and Renee go out to a party held by Andy , a band manager friend of Renee. There, Fred meets a Mystery Man ([[Robert Blake , wearing all black clothing who looks like the face Fred had seen on Renee some nights before, and he tells Fred that he is at his house right now. Fred phones his house and the voice of the Mystery Man answers while he\'s standing right in front of Fred. Fred walks away and asks Andy who the Mystery Man is and is told that he is a friend of Dick Laurent. Back home the next morning, another tape arrives and Fred watches it alone. To his horror it contains images of him killing Renee. He is then arrested for her murder. Tried, found guilty and sentenced to death, Fred is locked away on death row. Shortly after arriving, Fred is plagued by frequent headaches and is perplexed by strange visions of the Mystery Man, a burning cabin in the desert and a strange man driving down a dark highway. One morning, during a routine check of the cells, the prison guards are shocked to find that the man in Fred\'s cell is not Fred. The man is discovered to be Pete Dayton  a young auto mechanic. Since Pete has committed no crime, he is released into the care of his parents Bill and Candace , a former motorcycle gang couple, and taken home to their house in Van Nuys; at the same time, Pete is being followed by two detectives named Hank and Lou  to find out why and how Pete ended up in Fred Madison\'s cell. Pete goes out that evening with his friends and his girlfriend Sheila . The next day, Pete returns to work at the garage, where he is welcomed back by the owner Arnie  and veteran mechanic Phil . Pete is called on by Mr. Eddy , a charming but hot-tempered gangster, to fix his Mercedes 6.9. Mr. Eddy takes Pete for a drive where Pete witnesses him wave a tailgater on, then ram into the tailgater\'s car, after which Mr. Eddy and his two cohorts attack and beat up the driver. Pete goes out that evening with Sheila, who questions him on his moody behavior; they have a brief fight, but end the night by having sex. The next day, Mr. Eddy returns with his beautiful mistress, Alice Wakefield , and his Cadillac for Pete to repair. At the end of Pete\'s shift, Alice returns to the garage and invites him out for dinner. Soon, Pete and Alice begin a secret liaison, meeting at run-down motels every night. Alice begins to fear that Mr. Eddy suspects her and Pete of seeing each other and gets Pete to agree to a plan to steal money from her friend Andy so they can leave town. After being confronted by his worried parents and receiving a threatening visit from Mr. Eddy and his associates at the garage, Pete enters Andy\'s house through a door left unlocked by Alice and, while searching the house, discovers a projector playing a porn film featuring her. Pete ambushes Andy and accidentally kills him, and he and Alice escape with the money. Arriving at a cabin in the desert, Alice reveals to Pete that Mr. Eddy is actually a porn producer named Dick Laurent and he forced her to do the films. Alice then seduces Pete and says, "You\'ll never have me." Pete suddenly transforms back into Fred Madison, who searches the desert cabin and meets the Mystery Man again with a video camera and tells Fred that Alice is actually Renee, and that if she said her name is Alice, then she is lying. Fred drives to the Lost Highway Hotel, where Mr. Eddy and Renee are having sex, and waits for Renee to exit the motel. After Renee leaves, Fred breaks into Mr. Eddy\'s room, grabs him and takes him away in his Mercedes to the desert, where Fred beats him up. The Mystery Man suddenly appears with a portable TV and shows Mr. Eddy that Fred knows he and Renee have been having an affair. The Mystery Man then shoots Mr. Eddy dead and whispers something to Fred. The Mystery Man disappears and Fred drives off in Mr. Eddy\'s Mercedes. In the final scene, Fred drives to his old house, buzzes the intercom and says "Dick Laurent is dead" &mdash; the message that he received earlier. The two detectives, Al and Ed, appear when they see Fred standing at the front door of his old house. Seeing the two detectives moving in to arrest him, Fred runs back to his car and drives off with the detectives in close pursuit. As it gets dark, Fred speeds down the highway pursued by the police.'] ['Corky , an ex-con who has just finished a five-year jail sentence, arrives at an apartment building to start work as a painter and plumber. On her way up to the apartment, she encounters the couple who live next-door, Violet  and Caesar . After Caesar has gone out, Violet flirts with Corky and asks her to help retrieve an earring that has fallen down her sink. After Corky extracts the earring, Violet admits she lost it on purpose in order to get closer to Corky, and starts to seduce her. They are interrupted by the arrival of Caesar and Corky goes back to work. When she leaves for the day, Violet follows her to her truck. They go to Corky\'s apartment and have sex. The next morning, Violet tells Corky that Caesar is a money launderer for the Mafia and they have been together for five years. Later, Violet overhears Caesar and his Mafia associates beating and torturing Shelly , a man who has been skimming money from the business. Upset by the violence and cruelty, Violet seeks solace from Corky. She tells Corky that she wants to make a new life for herself, but that she needs her help. Knowing that Caesar will find the nearly $2 million Shelly took and count it in their apartment, the two women hatch a scheme to steal the money. Corky, already wary of Violet\'s intentions, is unsure whether to trust her. Shelly is shot and killed by Johnnie , the son of Mafia boss Gino Marzonne , and Caesar returns to the apartment with a bag of bloody money. Angry at Johnnie for killing Shelly in a fit of rage and splattering blood everywhere, Caesar proceeds to wash, iron and hang the money to dry. Violet explains to Corky that Caesar and Johnnie hate each other, and that Gino and Johnnie will be coming to pick up the money from Caesar. The plan is as follows: When Caesar has finished counting the money, Violet will get him a drink to relax him before he showers. Corky will be next-door, waiting until she hears Caesar turn on the shower. When he does, Violet will drop the bottle of Scotch that is for Gino and tell Caesar that she is going to buy more. As she leaves the apartment, she will let Corky in, who will steal the money from a briefcase and leave. Violet will then return with the Scotch and tell Caesar that she just saw Johnnie leaving, but that Gino was not with him. Suspicious, Caesar will check the briefcase, find the money gone, and assume Johnnie has taken it. Corky and Violet think Caesar will be forced to skip town because Gino will assume he has been robbed by Caesar, not his son. Everything goes as planned until Caesar finds the money gone. He realizes that if he runs, Gino will think he took the money. He decides he has to get the money back from Johnnie. Panicking, Violet threatens to leave. Caesar pulls out his gun and forces her to stay, thinking that maybe she and Johnnie have stolen the money and framed him. Corky waits next-door with the money while Gino and Johnnie arrive. After watching Johnnie flirt with Violet and taunt him, Caesar pulls out a gun and tells Gino that his son stole the money. In an angry panic, he kills them both. He tells Violet that they have to find the money, dispose of the bodies, and pretend Gino and Johnnie never arrived, lest their Mafia pals find the money or men missing. Unable to find the money at Johnnie\'s apartment, Caesar telephones Mickey , a Mafia friend, telling him that Gino has yet to arrive. After discovering Corky and Violet stole the money, Caesar ties them up, gags them, threatens to torture them, and demands to know where it is. When Mickey arrives to see what is going on, Caesar tells him Gino was in a car accident and Mickey leaves for the hospital. Corky tells Caesar where she has hidden the money, and he goes next-door to find it. Violet escapes and makes a phone call to Mickey, telling him that Caesar stole the money and forced her to keep quiet. In the meantime, Corky tries to stop Caesar from taking the money, but he beats her to the ground. Just as he is about to kill her, Violet arrives and pulls a gun on Caesar, telling him that Mickey is on his way and that he should run while he can. Caesar tells Violet that he knows she will not shoot him, to which she replies, "Caesar, you don\'t know shit", before killing him. Later, Mickey, who believes Violet\'s story, tells her that he will find Caesar, and that there is no need to involve the police. Mickey wants Violet to be his girlfriend, but she tells him that she needs a clean break—which she makes by driving off hand-in-hand with Corky.'] ["In the winter of 1987, Minneapolis automobile salesman Jerry Lundegaard  is in financial trouble. After being introduced to criminals Carl Showalter  and Gaear Grimsrud  by Native American ex-convict Shep Proudfoot , a mechanic at his dealership, Jerry travels to Fargo, North Dakota, and hires the two men to kidnap his wife Jean  in exchange for a new car and half of the $80,000 ransom. However, Jerry intends to demand a much larger sum from his wealthy father-in-law, Wade Gustafson , and keep most of the money for himself. GMAC has been threatening to withdraw loans for cars at the dealership Jerry manages after accounting irregularities. Jerry has been trying to raise money by promoting a real estate deal to Wade. Jerry tries to call off the kidnapping after Wade agrees to the investment, but he is too late, and, as it turns out, Wade intends to buy the property himself, giving Jerry only a finder's fee, which is not enough to pay off his debts. Carl and Gaear kidnap Jean, but on their way through Brainerd, a Minnesota State Patrol officer stops them because of the car's license plates. When Carl's attempt to bribe the trooper fails, Gaear kills the trooper. As Carl is moving the trooper's body off the road, he is seen by a couple passing by in their car. Gaear chases the couple, who lose control of their car and swerve off the road, enabling Gaear to kill them. The deaths are investigated by local police chief Marge Gunderson , who is seven months pregnant. She deduces the chain of events and follows the leads that arise, interviewing two prostitutes who serviced the criminals and tracing the license plates on their vehicle to Jerry's dealership. After being informed that the criminals telephoned Shep Proudfoot, she drives to Minneapolis, but acquires no information in interviews with Shep and Jerry. Jerry contacts Wade, saying that the kidnappers insist on dealing only with Jerry. Wade accepts this arrangement at first, but later changes his mind. When he meets with Carl at a parking garage, he refuses to give him the money until his daughter is returned. Angered by his demands and unexpected appearance, Carl shoots Wade. Before he dies, Wade shoots Carl in the face. Carl then kills the garage attendant on his way out. Jerry arrives at the scene just after Carl leaves. Later, Carl discovers that the bag he took from Wade contains a million dollars and buries most of the money by the side of the highway. At the hideout, Gaear has killed Jean, and, in a dispute over the car, he kills Carl with an axe. Before leaving town, Marge questions Jerry again, asking him about the car used in the Brainerd murders. When she asks to talk to Wade, Jerry storms out of the office, saying he will check the lot for the missing car but flees instead. Marge phones the state police to find and arrest him, then, following up on a tip, she drives to the lake, sees the kidnappers' car, and arrives just in time to see Gaear feeding the last of Carl's body into a wood chipper. Gaear tries to flee, but Marge shoots him in the leg and arrests him. Jerry is later arrested in a motel outside of Bismarck, North Dakota. Marge and her husband, Norm , sit in bed together discussing his artwork, which has been selected as the design for a postage stamp."] ["Lilly Dillon  is a veteran con artist who begins to rethink her life when her son Roy , a small-time grifter, suffers an almost-fatal injury when hit with a thrust from the blunt end of a baseball bat, right after a failed scam. Lilly works for a bookmaker, Bobo Justus, handling playback at horse racing tracks&nbsp;&ndash; that is, she makes large cash bets to lower the odds of longshots. On her way to La Jolla for the horse races, she stops in Los Angeles to visit Roy, whom she hasn't seen in eight years. She finds him in pain and bleeding internally. When medical assistance finally comes, Lilly confronts the doctor, threatening to have him killed if her son dies. At the hospital, Lilly meets and takes an instant dislike to Roy's girlfriend, Myra Langtry , who is a few years older than her son. Lilly urges her son to quit the grift, saying he literally doesn't have the stomach for it. Because she leaves late for La Jolla, she misses a race where the winner was paying 70&ndash;1. For this mistake, Bobo burns her hand with a cigar. Myra, like Roy and Lilly, plays all the angles. When her landlord demands payment of late rent, she uses her sex appeal to lure him into bed and forget the rent. She makes a similar offer to a jeweler to get what she wants for a gem she is trying to pawn. Upon leaving the hospital, Roy takes Myra to La Jolla for the weekend. On the train, she notices him conning a group of sailors in a rigged dice game. Myra reveals to Roy that she is also a grifter and is looking for a new partner for a long-con operation. Myra describes her long association with another man, Cole, and how they took advantage of wealthy marks in business cons, including a greedy oil investor, Gloucester Hebbing. A flashback scene in a plush office building culminates in a fake FBI raid with a fake shooting of Myra to discourage Hebbing from going to the police. Roy&nbsp;&ndash; who insists on working only short-term cons&nbsp;&ndash; resists the proposition, fearing she may try to dupe him herself. Myra, seeing Lilly's power over Roy, accuses him of having an incestuous interest in Lilly. Infuriated, Roy strikes her. Myra then plans her revenge. She lets it be known that Lilly has been stealing from Bobo over the years and stashing money in the trunk of her car. Lilly is warned by a friend and flees. Myra follows with the intention of killing her. Roy is called by an FBI agent to identify his mother's body, found in a motel room with the face disfigured. While identifying it as Lilly's, he silently notes that there is no cigar burn on the corpse's hand. Coming back home, he finds Lilly trying to steal all of his money. Lilly, it is revealed, shot Myra in self-defense at the motel and arranged the scene to appear as though Myra's body was actually Lilly's. Roy refuses to let Lilly depart with his money. A desperate Lilly is willing to try anything, first pleading with him, then seducing him, even going so far as to tempt Roy by claiming he is not really her son. Roy rejects her, disgusted. In anger, Lilly swings a suitcase at him and unintentionally breaks a drinking glass onto his neck, slashing an artery. Lilly sobs convulsively while she packs up the money as her son bleeds to death on the floor. In the penultimate shot, she is seen dressed in red, riding an elevator that's heading down . Then she gets into a car and drives off into the night."] ['A high school guidance counselor, Sam Lombardo, is accused of rape by two female students, Kelly Van Ryan and Suzie Toller, and hires lawyer Kenneth Bowden to defend him. At trial, Suzie admits that she and Kelly had made the whole thing up to get revenge on Lombardo: Suzie for him leaving her in jail and Kelly for him having an affair with her wealthy socialite mother, Sandra. Kelly\'s mother is humiliated by the scandal, and Lombardo and Bowden negotiate a hefty settlement for defamation. It is revealed that Lombardo and the two girls had been working and sleeping together, and planned to split the money. Police detective Ray Duquette tells both Kelly and Suzie that Lombardo transferred the money to an off-shore account. Suzie starts to panic and goes to Kelly for help; Kelly assures Suzie that they can trust each other, but separately tells Lombardo over the phone that they may have to get rid of her. Suzie overhears this and attacks Kelly in the pool. Both girls fight, but eventually end up having sex in the pool, all witnessed by Duquette. A few nights later, Kelly and Lombardo take an intoxicated Suzie to the beach. Lombardo is seen raising a bottle, and then Suzie is heard screaming. After wrapping the body in plastic, they throw it in the trunk of the car and drive out to the swamp, where Lombardo disposes of it. Suzie is reported missing by her family the next day and Duquette and his partner, Gloria, are called in. Suzie\'s blood and teeth are later found on the beach and her car is found at the bus terminal. After seeing his continued investigation, his superior insists that he drop the case. Regardless, he goes to Kelly\'s house to confront her. When he arrives, Kelly tries to seduce him and then she appears to attack him, shooting him in the arm, leaving him no choice but to kill her in self-defense. No charges are filed against Duquette, but he is fired and loses his pension. Later, it is revealed that Lombardo and Duquette had been working together the entire time. Although Lombardo is not pleased that Duquette killed Kelly instead of framing her as originally planned, Duquette insists that it leaves fewer loose ends. The two agree to go fishing on Lombardo\'s sailboat the following day. Once they are at sea, Lombardo knocks Duquette overboard, but he is able to climb back aboard and attack Lombardo. However, he is shot in the leg with a spear by Suzie, who is still alive. She shoots and kills Duquette as revenge for killing her friend, Davie, years before. Suzie then poisons Lombardo with a drink she poured for him and knocks him overboard, leaving him to drown. It is then revealed that Suzie had planned the whole thing in order to get all the money and revenge on both Lombardo and Duquette: Lombardo for leaving her in jail and Duquette for killing her friend Davie. Suzie had discovered that Lombardo and Kelly were sleeping together, and used it to her advantage. As for Kelly\'s death, she had not attacked Duquette as he had claimed. In reality, when she tried to escape the guest house when he entered, he punched her to incapacitate her then broke into the gun case and shot her twice with his gun. He then used her hand to shoot himself in the shoulder with her gun. Bowden meets with Suzie and tells her how the money had been divided. She kisses him on the cheek and as she walks off, Bowden tells her to "be good."'] [' High school student Brendan Frye is living a lonely existence after breaking up with his girlfriend Emily Kostich and betraying his friend Jerr to the authorities. Brendan receives a phone call from a terrified Emily. She begs him to help her, mentioning a "brick", "poor Frisco", "tug", and "the Pin" before abruptly and fearfully hanging up. Her fear appears to have been due to a passing car, from which a distinctive-looking cigarette was thrown. Brendan searches for Emily and arranges a meeting through Dode, leader of a stoner clique that Emily belongs to. When they meet, Emily recants what she had said on the phone and tells Brendan to let her go. Brendan steals her notepad during the encounter, finding a clue that leads him to her dead body. Brendan takes it upon himself to solve her murder, enlisting the aid of an acquaintance named Brain. Brendan hides the body to avoid police intrusion. Brendan discovers that "The Pin" mentioned by Emily is a local drug baron. Brendan sets about getting The Pin\'s attention by beating up Brad Bramish, an arrogant jock and The Pin\'s regular customer. Afterwards, Brendan is beaten up by an unknown man. Brendan meets The Pin and persuades him to consider Brendan for a spot in his operation. Laura, Brad\'s squeeze, tells Brendan that The Pin had rejected Emily\'s attempt to join, so she stole the title\'s brick. Laura offers to help Brendan, but he does not trust her. The Pin accepts Brendan. Brendan gets a call from Dode, who says he saw Brendan hide Emily\'s body and, believing Brendan to be the murderer, vows to ruin him. Brendan meets with The Pin, who suspects an uprising from Tug, the gang member who had earlier beat up Brendan. Brain learns that "poor Frisco" is Frisco Farr, a student who fell into a coma after injecting poorly-cut heroin. Brendan learns from Tug that The Pin initially received a shipment of ten bricks. He has sold eight. The ninth was stolen and replaced with one that had been doctored with detergent, causing Frisco\'s coma. The Pin interrupts to tell Tug about meeting someone who knows what happened to Emily. Brendan, weakened from several recent fistfights, intercepts Dode before the meeting and discovers Emily was pregnant when she died. Dode tries to tell Tug and The Pin that Brendan killed Emily, but Tug goes berserk and shoots Dode in the head. Tug then threatens The Pin, who walks away as Brendan faints due to internal bleeding. Brendan awakens in Tug\'s bedroom, then Tug says he\'s at war with The Pin. Brendan arranges a meeting between Tug and The Pin. Brendan sleeps with Laura, noticing that she smokes the distinctive cigarettes he had seen after Emily\'s first phone call. At the meeting, chaos erupts when it is discovered that the tenth brick is missing. Tug beats The Pin to death while Brendan flees, escaping just as police arrive. As he goes he passes the trunk of Tug\'s car, where Emily\'s body is visible because he had hidden her there before the meeting to ensure that police pin her murder on Tug. The next day, Brendan reveals to Laura that he knows she set Emily up to take the fall for Laura\'s theft of the ninth brick. She further manipulated Emily into meeting Tug, letting him believe he was responsible for Emily\'s pregnancy. It is revealed that Laura later stole the tenth brick. Brendan tells Laura he has put the truth in a note to Vice Principal Trueman, who finds the brick in Laura\'s locker. Laura vindictively tells Brendan that Emily expressed regret that she couldn\'t keep her pregnancy because she didn\'t love the prospective father, and that Emily was three months pregnant when she died, implying that the baby was his. The film ends with Brendan watching Laura as she walks away.'] ['{{Hatnote}} In Los Angeles, November 2019, retired police officer Rick Deckard  is detained by officer Gaff  and brought to meet with his former supervisor, Bryant . Deckard, whose job as a "Blade Runner" was to track down bioengineered beings known as replicants and "retire"  them, is told by Bryant that several have escaped and come to Earth illegally. As Tyrell Corporation Nexus-6 models, they have only a four-year lifespan, and may have come to Earth to try to extend their lives. Deckard watches a video of another Blade Runner named Holden  administering a "Voight-Kampff" test designed to distinguish replicants from humans based on their empathic response to questions. The subject of the test, Leon , shoots Holden. Bryant wants Deckard to return to work to retire Leon and three other replicants—Roy Batty , Zhora  and Pris . Deckard refuses, but after Bryant makes an overt threat, he reluctantly agrees. Sent to the Tyrell Corporation to ensure that the test works on Nexus-6 models, Deckard discovers that Tyrell\'s  assistant Rachael  is an experimental replicant who believes herself to be human; Rachael\'s consciousness has been enhanced with false memories to provide an "emotional cushion". As a result, a more extensive test is required to determine if she is a replicant. Trying to find a way to meet with Tyrell, Roy and Leon go to the eye-manufacturing laboratory of Chew , forcing him to divulge the identity of J.F. Sebastian , a gifted designer who works closely with Tyrell. Rachael visits Deckard at his apartment to prove her humanity by showing him a family photo. Dropping the photo to the floor, Rachael leaves in tears after Deckard tells her that her memories are only implants taken from a real person. Sent by Roy, Pris meets and gains the confidence of Sebastian at his apartment, where he lives with manufactured companions. While searching Leon\'s apartment, Deckard finds a photo of Zhora, and a synthetic snake scale that leads him to a strip club where Zhora works. Deckard retires Zhora, and shortly after is told by Bryant to add Rachael, who has disappeared from the Tyrell Corporation headquarters, to his list of retirements. Deckard spots Rachael in a crowd but is disarmed and attacked by Leon, who saw him kill Zhora. Rachael kills Leon using Deckard\'s gun, and the two return to Deckard\'s apartment, where he promises not to hunt her. Later they share an intimate moment; Rachael then tries to leave, but Deckard seduces her. Arriving at Sebastian\'s apartment, Roy tells Pris the others are dead. Sympathetic to their plight, Sebastian reveals that because of a genetic disorder that accelerates his aging, his life will also be cut short. Under a pretext, Sebastian and Roy gain entrance into Tyrell\'s secure penthouse, where Roy demands more life from his maker. Told that this has proved to be impossible, Roy confesses that he has done "questionable things". Tyrell dismisses Roy\'s guilt, praising Roy\'s advanced design and his accomplishments. Responding "Nothing the god of biomechanics wouldn\'t let you into heaven for", Roy kisses Tyrell, then kills him. Sebastian runs for the elevator followed by Roy, who rides the elevator down alone. Upon entering Sebastian\'s apartment, Deckard is ambushed by Pris, but manages to kill her just as Roy returns. Roy fights Deckard without using his full strength against him. Eventually Deckard is hanging from a rooftop. Just as he is about to fall, Roy saves him. His life ending, Roy delivers a monologue on how his memories are about to be lost and dies in front of Deckard, who watches silently. Gaff arrives and, referring to Rachael, shouts to Deckard "It\'s too bad she won\'t live, but then again, who does?" Deckard returns to his apartment to find Rachael alive and sleeping in his bed; as they leave, Deckard finds a small tin-foil unicorn, a calling card left by his origami-making partner Gaff. Depending on the version, Deckard and Rachael either leave the apartment block to an uncertain future, or drive through an idyllic pastoral landscape.'] ["Bridget Gregory steals $700,000 from her drug dealer husband Clay. On her way to Chicago, she stops in a small town, Beston, a suburb of Buffalo, and meets Mike. Meanwhile, Clay gets his thumb broken by the loan shark who is looking for repayment for his loan. Clay, with the help of a private detective, frantically searches for his wife and the money. In Beston, Bridget changes her name to Wendy Kroy and gets a job at the insurance company where Mike works. When Mike tells her how to find out if a man is cheating on his wife by reading his credit reports, Bridget invents a plan based on selling murders to cheated wives. She pretends to travel to Florida to kill a cheating husband, but instead goes to Buffalo to meet Mike's ex-wife, Trish. She shows Mike the money she stole from Clay to convince him she has taken a cut from the life insurance payout from the new widow as payment for the supposed killing. She tells him she has done it so they can live together, then persuades him that he must also commit a similar murder so they will be even, and to prove that he loves her. She tries to talk Mike into killing a tax lawyer cheating old ladies out of their homes. At first he rejects the idea, but agrees after receiving a letter from his ex saying she is moving to Beston. The letter was forged by Bridget to change his mind. Mike goes to New York City and breaks into the apartment of the attorney, who turns out to be Clay. After Clay is tied up by Mike, he manages to work out what is happening when Mike mentions Bridget's alias, and convinces him of the truth by showing him a photo of himself and Bridget together. They then hatch a plot to double-cross her, but she turns the tables by killing Clay herself. She tells a stunned Mike to rape her. When he refuses, she tells him she knows the truth about Trish, who is a transsexual. She then tricks Mike into having rough sex with her while she has 9-1-1 on the line. Mike is arrested for rape and murder while she escapes with the cash."] ['{{Plot|date The Customer Is Always Right   That Yellow Bastard   The Hard Goodbye  The Big Fat Kill  That Yellow Bastard   The Customer Is Always Right   An injured Becky departs from a hospital, talking on a cell phone with her mother. In the elevator she encounters The Salesman, dressed as a doctor. He offers her a cigarette, calling her by name, as she abruptly ends the call with her mother. Her fate is never revealed.'] ["Retired thief Roy Egan  gets involved into a jewelry heist with his youngest brother Lee  and his wheelman Skip Kovich . While they hide out in Palm Springs, Lee gets murdered, and Roy heads off to Los Angeles to track down his brother's killer.{{cite news}}"] ['Jack Grimaldi, a corrupt cop who does favors for the Mafia in exchange for large fees, has a loving wife, Natalie, and an adoring mistress, Sheri. He thinks he has it all, until both the cops and mob are outwitted by a sociopathic Russian mob assassin named Mona Demarkov. The head of the Italian mob, Don Falcone, orders Jack to deal with Demarkov or face dire consequences. Jack is unable to kill her; she even seduces and makes a fool of him. Falcone, disappointed in Jack\'s ineptitude, orders one of Jack\'s toes cut off. Seriously injured due to the amputation and realizing that he has endangered his wife and mistress, Jack instructs his wife to leave the city immediately, giving her money and instructions where to meet him out West when the time is right. Jack also ends his affair with his mistress and puts her on a train out of the city. Jack tries to hunt Demarkov but soon realizes that he is putty in her hands. He is attracted to her sexually and no match for her professionally. Mona offers to pay Jack to help her eliminate Falcone and fake her own death. Although he obtains phony papers for her, she refuses to pay and attempts to strangle him. He shoots and seriously wounds her, then tries to drive away with her handcuffed in the back seat. Mona escapes by hooking her legs around his neck, causing him to crash the car. She slithers out through the shattered windshield without ever freeing her hands. Mona lures Jack to an abandoned warehouse. He again attempts to kill her but is tricked into shooting Sheri instead. Mona fixes the corpse so as to suggest that it was she, and not Sheri, who died.  Mona then handcuffs Jack to the bed and has her way with him. Asking Jack, "with or without", he replies "without" and she mounts him after unbuckling her new prosthetic arm, her last concession to conventional appearances. Demarkov then forces Jack to kill Don Falcone, burying him alive, even after having her arm replaced with a prosthetic. She proceeds to turn in Jack to the police, his former associates, copping a plea deal that will indict Jack for the multiple murders that she tricked him into committing. The police arrange a confrontation between Jack and Demarkov at the courthouse, as he is heading in and she is heading out. She threatens to kill his wife. Thinking he has nothing to lose, and desperate to save the only thing good in his life, Jack grabs a gun from the ankle holster of a fellow officer and shoots her down. Jack turns the gun on himself, only to discover that the revolver is empty. Instead of being sent to prison for the murder, he is given a commendation. This frees him to begin a new life out West in a remote town. He waits at the appointed time and place, imagining Natalie\'s return to him, but her forgiveness is only in his mind.'] ['Generally, the film is a dark and quirky "tragicomedy" concerning an "everyman" protagonist a fairly pleasant but rather innocuous, ordinary and uneventful life. But all of this gets derailed, and Frank\'s life descends into an increasingly complex mess, from the minute a beautiful and seductive new patient named Susan Ivey  comes to him, seeking a root canal and a little pain relief... On Susan\'s initial office visit, Frank schedules her for a root canal the very next day, and offers her some Ibuprofen to address her pain in the meanwhile. Claiming that she is allergic to the offered medication, Susan requests a prescription for the addictive pain-killer Demerol. Frank provides the prescription, but only for five tablets. However, Susan changes the dosage from five tablets to fifty when she collects the medication from her pharmacist. Susan arrives for her appointment twelve hours late, having mistaken the time. She seduces Frank, talking him into getting drunk and having sex with her. During the night, Susan steals all of Frank\'s narcotics. The next day, there is a DEA  agent at Frank\'s office demanding to see the dentist\'s narcotics supply, because an 18 year old has driven a car off a cliff under the influence of cocaine hydrochloride from a bottle registered to the dentist. Knowing that Susan has stolen his entire drug supply, Frank puts the agent off, saying he\' dispensed it all to patients. The agent leaves with the promise that if Frank fails to produce the empty containers in two days, the DEA will place him under arrest. That night Frank goes to Susan\'s hotel room to demand the empty containers, threatening that he\'ll call the police if she doesn\'t provide them. Once again, she overrides his initial intentions and seduces him - with the result that they have sex and he spends the night with her. The next day at his office, Frank is confronted by Susan\'s brother, Duane Ivey  having a violent scene, saying: "Stay the hell away from my sister" and "I don\'t appreciate your threats". Duane ends the conversation with, "I don\'t ever want to see you again, because if I do, goddamn it, I\'m gonna hurt you." That night, Frank returns to Susan\'s hotel room and, assuming that Susan is the form he sees the bed, starts talking to her. The person under the blanket turns out to be not Susan but brother Duane, who leaps up and attacks Frank, attempting to strangle him. Frank takes scissors from a nearby desk and stabs Duane in the hand, impaling him and embedding the scissors. Frank flees, stopping off at a bar to calm down. On arriving at home, just minutes ahead of Jean, he finds Duane dead on the floor. Police arrive on the scene to question Frank. Comically adding to Frank\'s distress and anxiety is actor Lance Phelps , a hack actor doing research for a role, and permitted by the police to question Frank at aggressive levels that cause Frank heightened discomfort. After the police arrive and depart, Frank tells Jean about the whole ordeal. A while later, Frank is arrested for the murder of Duane Ivey based on finding Frank\'s teeth marks on the body - that Jean put there after she herself killed Duane. After Frank breaks free, all of Chicago is on the look out for him. He goes to his office in the night, only to find his brother Harlan lying dead; Jean has killed Harlan, upon finding him lying on Frank\'s dentist chair. Realizing he\'ll never be free without starting over, Frank pulls out all of his dead brother\'s teeth, as well as all of his own. Frank uses his dental skills to place his own teeth into his dead brother\'s skull, and then sets fire to the dental office with Harlan\'s corpse, replete with replaced teeth, left inside. Frank and Susan, now lovers, escape to France, where they live happily ever after in a little cottage on the countryside. Meanwhile, identification of Frank\'s teeth in the charred corpse\'s remains in Frank\'s torched office is taken as proof that Frank is the man who was shot and killed there. And, as the fireproof security camera retrieved from the office ashes contains tape showing Jean shooting and killing a man  reclining in Frank\'s dental chair, Jean is convicted of Frank\'s murder and goes to prison.'] ['In Los Angeles, California, on January 15, 1947, police officers Dwight \'Bucky\' Bleichert  and Lee Blanchard , investigate the murder of Elizabeth Short . As he is investigating, Bucky learns that Elizabeth was an aspiring actress, although she had not had any big breaks in her career. However, Elizabeth had become desperate for money and was paid to make a "stag" film with a friend of hers, Lorna Mertz. Through questioning a former roommate of Elizabeth, Bucky is told that Elizabeth liked to hang out with "sisters" or lesbians. He goes to a lesbian nightclub and meets a woman, Madeleine Linscott , who looks like Elizabeth. She tells him that she knew Elizabeth well, but because she is from a prominent family, she insists that her name be kept out the papers. In exchange for his silence, she promises him sexual favors and the two sleep together. Through his own investigation of the murder, Lee becomes obsessed with the case and trying to track the killer. His obsession leads him to become erratic and slightly abusive towards his longtime girlfriend Katherine \'Kay\' Lake , who is also close friends with Bucky. Through his relations with Madeleine, he meets her father, Emmett Linscott, her mother, Ramona, who is addicted to prescription medication, and her sister, Martha. A few days later, after having an argument with Lee about an old case, Lee and Bucky have a fight and Bucky leaves. He later goes to Kay and Lee\'s home looking for him, only to find him gone. He questions Kay as to where he is and she confesses that there was a tip about a drug deal occurring with a recently released convict, Bobby DeWitt, that Lee had helped send to jail. Bucky goes to the location of the drug deal, and is involved with an altercation with Bobby DeWitt on the main stairs in the atrium of the building. Bobby gets away, and Bucky chases him up the stairs, only to find Bobby shot to death. Bucky looks up to see that it was Lee, standing on the stairs across the lobby, who had murdered Bobby. Bucky sees a shadowed figure holding a rope sneak up behind Lee, and Bucky calls out to warn him. However, the shadowed man is able to wrap his rope around Lee\'s neck, but Lee fights back until they are both backed up against the railing of the stairs. Bucky is in shock and is unable to help Lee. As Lee continues to struggle, another shadowed figure walks up to Lee and the man with the rope and slits Lee\'s neck, causing both men to fall over the railing and onto a fountain several floors below, leading to the death of both. While dealing with the grief of losing Lee, Kay and Bucky sleep together and begin dating. Bucky is still intent on solving Elizabeth\'s murder, along with Lee\'s, and his search for answers leads him to an old housing site that Madeleine\'s father helped build. In one of the houses, Bucky sees the set that was used to film the porn movie that Elizabeth was in. Bucky also finds a barn on the property, which is below the Hollywoodland sign and a drawing of a man with a Glasgow smile drawn on the wall with blood. It is also the picture that Madeleine has in her parents\' house, and is also the same smile that was carved into Elizabeth\'s face during her murder. Bucky then accuses Madeleine\'s father Emmett ([[John Kavanagh  and Madeleine of murdering Elizabeth. However, Madeleine\'s mother Ramona  reveals that she was the one to kill Elizabeth, one of the reasons being that she looked so much like her Madeleine. A few moments after her confession, Ramona kills herself in front of Bucky, Madeleine, and Emmett. A few days later, Bucky goes to the Linscott\'s house again, and after speaking with Madeleine\'s sister, he discovers that it was Madeleine who had murdered Lee, as Lee was trying blackmail her father, as he was desperate for money. Bucky finds Madeleine at a motel, and although she insists that he won\'t shoot her because he would rather have sex with her, he tells her she is wrong and shoots her dead. Bucky later goes to Kay\'s house, and when she opens the door he sees a crow chirping by Elizabeth\'s body on the front lawn, then realizes that it was only a hallucination. Kay tells him to come in and closes the door as the film ends.'] ["Textile company heir James Wayland  is accused of murdering a prostitute named Elizabeth , whose body was found cut in two. The murder is investigated by tough detective Kennesaw  and his less experienced partner Braxton . Wayland is a heavy drinker and compulsive liar, prone to memory losses and periods of violence. He is rich enough to access necessary information, however, and he soon learns his interrogators' own dark secrets - Kennesaw had an affair with Elizabeth to get back at his wife  for cheating on him, while Braxton has gambling debts with a bookie named Mook , who is demanding payment."] ['In 1964, an aging, overweight Italian American Jake LaMotta  practices a comedy routine. A flashback to 1941 shows his first loss in a major boxing match, against Jimmy Reeves. Jake\'s brother Joey LaMotta  later discusses a potential shot for the middleweight title with one of his Mafia connections, Salvy Batts . Some time thereafter, Jake spots a 15-year-old girl named Vickie  at an open-air swimming pool in his Bronx neighborhood. He eventually pursues a relationship with her, even though he is already married. Jake defeats Sugar Ray Robinson once in 1943 and has another win three weeks later. Despite the fact that Jake dominated Robinson during the bout, the judges surprisingly rule in favor of Robinson and Joey feels he won only because he was enlisting into the US Army the following week. Jake is married to Vickie by 1947. As Jake\'s fears grow about Vickie having feelings for other men, particularly Tony Janiro, the opponent for his forthcoming fight, he shows off his sexual jealousy when he defeats Janiro in front of the local Mob boss, Tommy Como  and Vickie. As Joey discusses the victory with journalists at the Copacabana, he is distracted by seeing Vickie approach a table with Salvy and his crew. Joey speaks with Vickie, who says she is giving up on his brother. Blaming Salvy, Joey viciously attacks him in a fight that spills outside of the club. Como later orders them to apologize, and has Joey tell Jake that if he wants a chance at the championship title, which he has control over, he will have to take a dive first. In a match against Billy Fox, Jake does not even bother to put up a fight. He is suspended shortly thereafter from the board on suspicion of throwing the fight, though he realizes the error of his judgment when it is too late. Despite the suspension, he eventually wins the middleweight championship title against Marcel Cerdan in 1949. A year later, Jake asks Joey if he fought with Salvy at the Copacabana because of Vickie. Jake then asks if Joey had an affair with her; Joey refuses to answer, insults Jake, and decides to leave. Jake directly asks Vickie about the affair and she sarcastically states that she had sex with the entire neighborhood  after he breaks down the bathroom door where she briefly hides from him. Jake angrily walks to Joey\'s house and brutally beats him up in front of Vickie and Joey\'s wife and children. After defending his championship belt in a brutal fifteen round bout against Laurent Dauthuille in 1950,http://www.filmsite.org/ragi3.html he makes a call to his brother after the fight, but when Joey assumes Salvy is on the other end and starts insulting and cursing at him, Jake says nothing and hangs up. Estranged from Joey, Jake\'s career begins to decline slowly and he eventually loses his title to Sugar Ray Robinson in their final encounter in 1951.http://www.tcm.com/thismonth/article/?cidmrqe By 1956, Jake and his family have moved to Miami. After staying out all night at his new nightclub there, Vickie tells him she wants a divorce . He is later arrested for introducing under-age girls  to men and serves a jail sentence in 1957 after failing to raise enough bribe money by taking the jewels out of his championship belt instead of selling the belt itself. In his jail cell, Jake pounds the walls, sorrowfully questioning his misfortune and crying in despair. Upon returning to New York City in 1958, he happens upon his estranged brother Joey, who forgives him but is elusive. Going back to the beginning sequence, Jake refers to the "I coulda been a contender" scene from the 1954 movie On the Waterfront starring Marlon Brando complaining that his brother should have been there for him but is also keen enough to give himself some slack. After a stage hand informs him that the auditorium where he is about to perform is crowded, Jake starts to chant "I\'m the boss" while shadowboxing. The film ends with a Biblical quote. This quote was a reference to Martin Scorsese\'s film professor, Haig Manoogian to whom the film is dedicated as he died just before it was released. Scorsese credits Manoogian with helping him "to see". :"So, for the second time, [the Pharisees] :summoned the man who had been blind and said: :\'Speak the truth before God. :We know this fellow is a sinner.\' :\'Whether or not he is a sinner, I do not know.\' :the man replied. :\'All I know is this: :once I was blind and now I can see.\' :::John IX. 24-26 :::the New English Bible"'] ['The story involves two women, one a femme fatale Catherine  whose true name is never known. She preys on wealthy middle-aged men, seducing them into marriage and then fatally poisoning them. Each death is misdiagnosed as Ondine\'s curse, a condition by which seemingly healthy middle-aged men die in their sleep. Justice Department agent Alexandra Barnes  stumbles onto the first murder while investigating another case. As Alexandra delves further into the case, she uncovers a pattern which she believes ties the same woman to several similar murders. Using exhaustive research, elaborate disguises, and identity changes, Catherine weaves her web anew with each murder, killing a publishing magnate, a toy maker , and a museum curator , and is quickly moving on to her next victim: Paul Nuytten , an international hotel tycoon. Later, she reveals she has been married six times, and possibly as many murders. Receiving her boss Bruce\'s  permission, Alexandra goes undercover to track down Catherine\'s background and then identify her next potential victim. The trails leads to Seattle where Catherine kills husband number three , and finally to Hawaii, where the two women meet and eventually engage in a sexually intense war of wits and wills. They both compete for the affection of wealthy Paul Nuytten, and Catherine eventually marries him. Alexandra is arrested for Paul\'s murder when the police find a poison in her room. Catherine visits Alexandra in prison, and while they talk, Paul shows up with Alexandra\'s colleagues. Alexandra tells the shocked Catherine, "yes, we know — we found the poison before he did."'] [' Fay Forrester  is an attractive young woman who wants to escape from her abusive boyfriend Vince . She hires Jack Andrews , a second class private investigator, to arrange her "death". She wants to restart her life with a new identity and the money she got from helping Vince commit robberies. Due to Jack\'s financial problems, he joins Fay after her fake death. Unfortunately, Vince finds out that Fay is still alive. The hunt for Jack, Fay and the money begins. {{clear left}}'] ["Set in a visually dazzling fantasy of 1930s New York, Dark Streets tells the story of Chaz Davenport , a dashing playboy who owns what promises to become the hottest new nightclub in town if only the lights would stay on. Surrounded by the sumptuous blues music he adores, and with his pick of the gorgeous women who perform their sensual dance numbers on stage every night, Chaz is the envy of every man. But with the city thrown into darkness by frequent blackouts and a menacing loan shark closing in, Chaz is in danger of losing the club and far more. At the same time, he finds himself embroiled in a painful love triangle with the club's alluring star singer, Crystal , and a new arrival at the club, the mysterious and seductive chanteuse Madelaine . When people close to Chaz begin turning up dead, he does not know where to turn or whom to trust. And the harder he tries to uncover the truth, the further he's drawn into the darkness of lies and betrayala darkness as black as the city's streets during a power outage."] ['The film opens with three criminals - Ray , an immoral and slightly neurotic thief, Fantasia , Ray\'s less violent girlfriend and Pluto , an intelligent yet psychopathic killer. After Fantasia sets up several friends, Ray and Pluto commit six brutal murders over the course of one night in Los Angeles, with the intention of finding a cache of money and cocaine. The trio leaves town for Houston to sell the cocaine to a friend of Pluto\'s. The LAPD start investigating the case, with two detectives taking the helm. After getting a few good leads, they discover that the three are possibly headed for Star City, Arkansas. The LAPD contacts the Star City sheriff, Dale "Hurricane" Dixon . Dixon is not what they expect. Dixon often talks too much, listens too little, and takes things for granted. Dixon is excited about the case, as it gives him an opportunity to do "some real police work". Dixon is well known throughout the small county, saying hello to everyone - except one five-year-old black child whom he occasionally sees. Whenever he sees this particular child, Dixon becomes quiet and uncomfortable. The detectives travel to Star City and meet up with Dixon. Dixon attempts to ingratiate himself with the LAPD detectives, whom he reveres. Meanwhile, Ray, Fantasia, and Pluto are headed to Houston. They are pulled over by a state trooper. The trooper, acting on a hunch, orders Pluto and Ray out of the car at gunpoint. However, Fantasia sneaks up behind the trooper and shoots him in the head. Word of the trooper\'s murder gets to the detectives in Star City, and the trio look over surveillance photos of Ray and Fantasia in a convenience store before the murder. Dixon informs the cops that Fantasia\'s real name is Lila Walker. Lila grew up in Star City, Dixon says, and was a troubled youth who left for Hollywood with dreams of an acting career. The detectives sense there is more to the story. The detectives stop by Lila\'s relatives\' house. There they see the young boy that makes Dixon so uncomfortable. The boy is revealed to be Lila\'s young son. The detectives get the feeling that Lila is coming home to see him. Ray, Lila and Pluto arrive in Houston to sell the drugs as planned. Lila takes a bus ahead from Houston to Star City while Pluto and Ray stay behind to work the coke deal. The Houston coke deal goes terribly sour for Ray and Pluto, who then have to kill three more people and flee the city. The two drive from Houston to Star City to meet up with Lila and plan their next move. Lila arrives in town and hides out at a rural house; she gets to see her son before she must flee. When Lila\'s time with her son is up, Dixon confronts her, and it is revealed that the boy is Dixon and Lila\'s son, conceived during an affair he and Lila had years before. After much tense conversation, they make a deal. Lila will lure Ray and Pluto to ensure their capture. In exchange, Dixon will help Lila escape town. Pluto and Ray arrive at the house and are immediately confronted by an armed Dixon. Pluto stabs Dixon in the stomach and Dixon shoots Pluto at point blank range. Ray draws his gun and runs outside while shooting at Dixon. The two fire at each other outside, but Lila stops Dixon from killing Ray only to have Ray errantly shoot her in the head. Dixon is shot in the chest, but steadies himself and shoots Ray to death. Pluto walks outside and falls dead in the grass. Dixon calls for help with his police radio and the LAPD detectives  arrive, amazed at the work he has done. Dixon and Lila\'s son walks over and talks to Dixon, and he asks the boy about himself.'] ["The story revolves around a perpetual loser named Richter Boudreau . Richter is from a privileged background in Tulsa, Oklahoma and works as a movie reviewer at a local newspaper only because his sour mother Cynthia  pulled strings for him to land the job. He is dissatisfied with the direction that his life has taken; he is about to be fired from his job because he can't meet deadlines, lives in a dilapidated farmhouse, does drugs behind the scenes, and is so behind on his bills that his electricity has been cut off. Richter also owes money to Ronnie Stover , an abusive drug dealer. Ronnie is married to Vicky , a beautiful woman who was disowned by her socially prominent family for her involvement with Ronnie. Richter is still in love with Vicky despite having ended their relationship years before. Vicky is the sister of Keith , a misogynistic alcoholic whose large inheritance fails to soothe his anger, loneliness, and depression. Cherry  is an exotic dancer from Chicago who buys drugs from Ronnie and gets romantically involved with Richter. Ronnie plans to blackmail Bedford Shaw , the son of a socially prominent businessman named Harmon Shaw , after Cherry tells him that Shaw murdered her friend, a stripper/prostitute, in a motel room and that she took photographs. Ronnie attempts to involve Richter by having him hold onto a mysterious black pouch and by exploiting Richter's newspaper connections. Richter wants no part of the blackmail scheme. But he gets in over his head when Keith discovers that Richter has been sleeping with Vicky."] ['The film begins in noir fashion when Easy Rawlins  says "A man once told me that when you step out of your door in the morning, you\'re already in trouble. The only question is, are you on top of that trouble or not?" In the summer of 1948, Easy Rawlins is recently laid off from his job at Champion Aircraft, and needs money urgently to pay his mortgage. Easy recounts how he moved to Los Angeles after serving in WW-II when his friend Joppy , who runs a bar, introduces him to a white man named DeWitt Albright . Albright is looking for someone to help him find a missing white woman, Daphne Monet , assumed to be hiding somewhere in the Black community; he also learns she is the girlfriend of wealthy Todd Carter , who was the favorite in the Los Angeles mayoral race before dropping out. Albright, who says Carter dropped out because he couldn\'t find Monet, offers Rawlins $100 to take the job. Easy accepts but is immediately suspicious of Albright. Monet is known to spend time in the black juke joint clubs in South Central Los Angeles and Easy begins his search at an illegal club on 89th and Central. While waiting to enter, he sees a commotion with a bizarre white man, Richard McGee, and the club\'s bouncer, Junior Fornay. After entering, he meets with his friends Degan Odell, Dupree Brouchard, and his girl Coretta James. He learns that Coretta is a confidant of Daphne and after spending the night with her, he learns Daphne was involved with a South Central gangster named Frank Green. He is called by Albright the following afternoon to set up a meeting at the Malibu pier. While waiting, Easy is accosted by several local white youths after a casual conversation with one of their girlfriends. Easy, trying to calm the situation, is nearly overtaken when Albright appears from the darkness. He viciously humiliates and beats one of the punks for his actions. Easy, uncomfortable with the situation, gives his information to Albright who retains him with another payment and demands he continue his search. When Easy gets home, he is arrested by two LAPD homicide detectives. They take him into custody where he learns that Coretta was savagely murdered after his night with her. He is released later after rough treatment. While walking home, he is followed by Mathew Terrell, the other candidate in the mayoral race. He gets into the car where he finds Terrell with a young boy, supposedly his adopted son. Terrell makes it clear that he is also very interested in finding Daphne Monet. Easy, careful of Terrell\'s motives, asks to be dropped off and walks home. After a nightmare about Coretta, he receives a call from Daphne Monet. She instructs him to meet her at the Ambassador Hotel where she asks for his help. She needs to go into the Hollywood hills and meet a person with information vital to her and Todd Carter. Easy reluctantly agrees to help and nervously drives her to her destination. When they arrive at the house, they find it ransacked and the occupant, Richard McGee, dead. Easy finds a clue to his murder. Monet flees in a panic leaving Easy behind. The next morning, Easy returns home to find Albright and his goons waiting for him; his connection to the murder of Coretta now used to force him to resume his search for the girl. After the exchange, Easy enlists the help of his sadistic and trigger-happy friend, Mouse Alexander , from Houston, Texas. Easy\'s goal is to uncover why Monet is so important to so many people and, in the process, keep himself out of jail, which is not an easy task for a black man living in post-World War II Los Angeles. He meets with Todd Carter, where he secures money to locate Daphne. Easy, learning that Albright is not employed by Carter at all, returns home. Before he enters, he is warned by his neighbor, , that an ambush awaits. Easy turns around in time to grab Frank Green. The two men fight in the house. Green gets the upper hand, cutting into Easy\'s throat, but Mouse comes to the rescue. Easy tries to reason with Frank but Mouse shoots him in an attempt to extort information, letting Frank escape. Easy and Mouse meet up with Dupree, get him intoxicated and find out that Coretta had been in possession of a package that was vital to the mayoral race–-pictures of Terrell with "innocent, helpless, naked children." Easy finds the pictures hidden in Coretta\'s Bible. They find Junior Fornay, the bouncer at the 89th and Central club, and learn that after Junior\'s altercation with McGee, he drove him home to the Hills to pick up money. He is cornered when Easy reveals the clue, a pack of Mexican Zapata cigarettes smoked only by Junior. Junior pleads with Mouse and Easy that he isn\'t the killer. Now involved in two murders, Easy then travels to Joppy\'s, where he vents his rage at Joppy for getting him into such a mess. Joppy explains that all he wanted to do was set him up with some work. Easy is disgusted at Joppy\'s answer and leaves. When he returns home, he gets a visit from Daphne. Easy learns that Daphne hid from Carter because of her association with Frank Green, her half-brother. Daphne\'s Creole mother from New Orleans had given birth to two children by different fathers, and although Daphne\'s own father was white, her half-brother\'s father was black. Being the fiancée of a mayoral favorite with partial African-American heritage would ensure a loss for Carter. Terrell\'s knowledge of this fact is the reason Carter dropped out of the race. Naturally, pictures of Terrell with children would cause him to drop out, bringing Carter victory. Daphne says McGee sold the pictures to her, and Easy infers Albright killed McGee while looking for the pictures, then Junior gave them to Coretta, who hid them in her Bible. Daphne reveals that Coretta was killed accidentally by Joppy although Daphne had only asked him to scare her into silence. Albright and his men burst into Easy\'s house, subduing Easy and abducting Daphne. When he regains consciousness, Easy calls Mouse and they race to Joppy\'s to get a fix on Albright\'s location. At the bar, Easy abducts Joppy at gunpoint. He learns where Albright is, although Mouse nearly shoots them both in the process. Easy only calms Mouse down by telling him they could be rewarded $7,000 that Daphne will pay for photographs that Easy has obtained. In the Hollywood hills, they set up an ambush, shooting Albright and his goons while rescuing Daphne and the photographs. When Easy returns to the car he finds Joppy dead, killed by Mouse. Easy hands over the photographs that prove that Matthew Terrell is a pedophile. Carter promises Easy there will be no more trouble with the police. Easy finds out the money Daphne paid him and Mouse for the photographs came from a large sum originally given to her by Carter\'s family as a bribe to get out of town. She had only stayed because she believed they would change their minds and allow Carter to marry her if he won. Although Carter is now certain to become mayor, he refuses her pleas, despite saying that he loves her. She leaves in tears. The film closes with Easy and Odell relaxing on his porch, enjoying life, contemplating events and wondering what their future would hold.'] ['A man staggers into the police station to report a murder. When the desk sergeant asks who was murdered, he answers: "I was." That man is Professor Dexter Cornell , who then sits down to video-tape his account. Thirty-six hours previously, Cornell, is on campus. He is a college professor, was once a promising writer, made his name and is secure in his tenure, but he has spent the last four years going though the motions and playing it safe. "Publish or perish" is the contrasting rule of university politics and Cornell helps his friend Hal Petersham ([[Daniel Stern  with his first book. While he is in his office, a promising student, Nick Lang , jumps off a building right outside his office in an apparent suicide. This is coupled with the depressing Christmas season, unseasonably hot weather and the divorce papers given to him by his wife Gail  in leading Cornell to the local bars for a night of drinking. There he meets admiring student Sydney Fuller  and they proceed to get drunk. The next morning, Cornell, feeling his sickness is more than just a hangover, stops by the campus medical clinic for a checkup. After running some tests, they discover that he has been poisoned and has 36 hours to live. An incredulous Cornell staggers out to try to make sense of it all. Aided by Fuller, whom he kidnaps by super-gluing himself to her arm, he attempts to recreate the events of the previous night hoping to discover who could have murdered him. The list of suspects includes his wife, who is also the victim of a murder, which the police make half-hearted efforts to pin on Cornell. It is learned that Lang was not a suicide but was also murdered. Cornell also suspects Lang\'s mentor Mrs. Fitzwaring , Bernard  the Fitzwarings\' chauffeur and Graham Corey , a jealous co-worker. In the end, at the police station, Cornell has solved the crime. He staggers out to meet his fate.'] ["Duchovny plays Eugene Sands, a surgeon who has his medical license revoked after operating under the influence of amphetamines and opiates. Hutton's character, a crime lord named Raymond Blossom, happens upon him in a bar where he saves someone's life with an emergency procedure to inflate a collapsed lung. Blossom hires Sands as his personal physician, patching up his accomplices when they cannot go to a hospital, and tending to the crime boss and his girlfriend, Claire . In the final act of the film, Claire and Sands become involved, and he must face up to conflicting loyalties to Blossom, Claire, and the FBI agent who has blackmailed him into being an informant."] ['Frank Chambers , a drifter, stops at a rural California diner for a meal, and ends up working there. The diner is operated by a young, beautiful woman, Cora Smith , and her much older husband, Nick Papadakis , who is an immigrant from Greece. Frank and Cora start to have an affair soon after they meet. Cora  is tired of her situation, married to a man she does not love, and working at a diner that she wishes to own and improve. She and Frank scheme to murder Nick in order to start a new life together without her losing the diner. Their first attempt at the murder is a failure, but they eventually succeed. The local prosecutor suspects what has actually occurred, but does not have enough evidence to prove it. As a tactic intended to get Cora and Frank to turn on one another, he tries only Cora for the crime. Although they do turn against each other, a clever ploy from Cora\'s lawyer prevents Cora\'s full confession from coming into the hands of the prosecutor. With the tactic having failed to generate any new evidence for the prosecution, Cora is ultimately acquitted. Frank and Cora eventually patch together their tumultuous relationship, and now plan for a future together. But as they seem to be prepared finally to live "happily ever after", Cora dies in a car accident.'] ["Alex Gates  is a wealthy wine merchant who has distanced himself from his alcoholic wife Suzanne  with his philandering, and from his stepson Jason  with his indifference. Alex is heavily in debt, and cases the house of his clients, the Reese family. After he steals a valuable diamond necklace with the help of his Cuban mistress Gabriela  and his safe-cracker partner Victor , things start to fall apart fast. Suzanne sets out to interrupt what she thinks is another one of Alex's weekend dalliances down in the Florida Keys, but his trip is really to pawn the jewels. Trouble escalates when she discovers the truth and gets involved."] ["Drifter Harry Madox takes a job as a used car salesman in a small Texas town. In the summer heat, he develops an interest in two women, one who works at the car dealership and another who is married to its owner. Gloria Harper is a young, 19 year old girl with a secret. It somehow involves a sleazy local man named Frank Sutton who appears to have some hold on her. Dolly Harshaw is a seductive, anything-goes femme fatale married to George Harshaw, the car dealer. She keeps a gun handy and likes to have sex in unusual, dangerous ways. Harry carries on with both while looking for an opportunity to rob the local bank. It ultimately is revealed that Sutton has nude photographs of Gloria, taken from a distance at a remote lakeside setting. Harry lies in wait for Sutton one night and viciously beats him. Dolly begins to see Harry as her ticket to better things. When she coaxes her husband into bed, it is only to bring George's weak heart to a fatal end. A sheriff arrests Harry, suspecting him in the bank job, but cannot prove it. Harry decides to leave town with Gloria by his side, but Dolly puts an end to that by revealing to Gloria everything else Harry has been doing in town, including her."] ['Professional football player Terry Brogan  is released by his team, the  Los Angeles Outlaws. Aging, injured and in need of money, he is contacted by an old acquaintance, the shady gambler and nightclub owner Jake Wise , who wants him to find Jake\'s girlfriend Jessie Wyler , daughter of the Outlaws\' owner. Jake claims that Jessie assaulted him, stole money and fled. Terry is reluctant to take on the job, but needs the money and is reminded by Wise that Wise is capable of blackmailing him. Terry gets in touch with Jessie\'s mother , ostensibly to find out where Jessie can be found, but mainly to convince Mrs. Wyler and her business partner Ben Caxton  to reinstate him on the team. Mrs. Wyler makes clear that she has no interest in his football career. She\'s willing to pay him more than Jake would if he will find Jessie for her, rather than for Jake. Beyond that, however, she has no use for him. Sully, the team\'s trainer, strongly advises Terry to stay away from Jake and offers to help Terry get a coaching job. But Terry is convinced his days as a player not over and instead decides to go ahead and work for Jake to tide him over until the next season, when he try to continue his playing career. Terry finds Jessie living in Cozumel but continues to tell Jake that he has not located her. Terry make multiple attempts to approach Jessie, but she rebuffs him, aware that he must have been sent by either Jake or her mother. Terry tires of pursuing a spoiled brat and packs to leave, but Jessie appreciates his not revealing her whereabouts and invites him to see where she is staying. The two unexpectedly fall in love. Terry confides the leverage Jake has over him is the knowledge that Terry once shaved points in an important game after he had fallen into debt. Terry and Jessie remain happily together for a few weeks, with Terry continuing to tell Jake has has been unsuccessful in locating here. Eventually, Sully is sent by Jake to investigate. He catches the lovers alone at the ruins of Chichen Itza. Wielding a gun, Sully demands that Terry turn over the girl and warns him she\'s "no good." He, too, has been involved in corruption with Jake\'s sports syndicate. A struggle between the men ensues and Jessie fatally shoots Sully. Jessie urges Terry to flee with her, as the two will be unable to offer an explanation for the killing that allow them to avoid jail. But when Terry refuses, insisting that the two cannot just run away from the matter, Jessie abandons him. After disposing of Sully\'s body, Terry returns to Los Angeles and finds to his astonishment that Jessie has returned to Jake. He is bitter toward her, but Jake maintains a hold over him with the point-shaving incident, as well as Sully\'s sudden disappearance. Terry is sent to break into the office of Kirsch, the team corrupt lawyer, who is also involve in Jake\'s gambling operation. Terry\'s mission is to retrieve files possessed by the lawyer that implicate everyone involved. Terry breaks into the office only to find Kirsch dead. A security guard has been hired to kill Terry and make it look like he murdered Kirsch. Terry fights off and escapes the security guard, then hides Kirsch\'s body. Terry then leaves a local bar frequented by Edie, Kirsch\'s secretary. He tells her what has happened and that she too is in danger. She tells him about a secret box that contains the information to bring down the entire syndicate and local politicians. Edie and Terry return to the office to retrieve the box, where a fight occurs with another two guards, and again Terry escapes, this time with Edie and the files. Jessie remains at Jake\'s side but is still in love with Terry. She knows that Jake is behind Kirsch\'s murder and informs Ben Caxton, telling him that Jake has been handling bets on the Outlaws using information he\'s been given by Sully and Kirsch. What she doesn\'t know is that Caxton is actually Jake\'s boss at the syndicate. Caxton take charge of the effort to retrieve the files and arranges to meet Terry at the site of a new construction project that he and Mrs. Wyler are backing. Terry is able to disarm Caxton\'s henchman, and says that his price for turning over the files is that Caxton must take down Jake. When Caxton indicates he is receptive to that idea, Jake pulls his own gun and threatens to kill Jessie, forcing Terry to drop his weapon. While Terry and Jake have their attention focused on each other, Jessie retrieves the dropped gun and shots and kills Jake. Having killed both Jake and Sully, Jessie must agree to terms set by Caxton to avoid being held accountable for the crimes and going to jail. Caxton\'s terms include Jessie returning to her estranged mother\'s side and ending her relationship with Terry. Months later, Terry stays in the background while attending a publicity function for Caxton\'s and Mrs. Wyler\'s construction project. He just wants a last look at Jessie before leaving LA to play for the Miami Dolphins. Caxton reminds him of that he is no longer a part of Jessie\'s life. Terry acknowledges that this is true for the moment, but predicts that some day Jessie will break free of the hold that Caxton and Mrs. Wyler have on her. In the meantime, though, all Terry and Jessie can do is stare at one another from a distance.'] ['The plot concerns a drifter named Bobby  who ends up entangled in a plot involving a Grace McKenna  and her husband Jake , also finding himself in conflict with the town mechanic named Darrell . Bobby owes a large amount of money which he is currently transporting to California. His car breaks down however, forcing him to drive to the nearest town, Superior, Arizona. He takes the money with him but leaves his gun in the trunk of his car. While waiting for his car to be fixed, he wanders around the town where he meets Grace. Not realising she is married, he hits on her and helps her carry some drapes to her car. She offers to take him back to her house where he can have a shower. While in the shower, it is revealed that the \'accident\' that happened to his hand was in fact a punishment for the overdue debt – two of his fingers were cut off. After his shower he attempts to seduce Grace, who is cold to his advances. He goes to leave, saying he isn\'t interested in playing games. The two then kiss, where they are caught by Grace\'s husband Jake. Bobby, saying he didn\'t know she was married, tries to leave but Jake punches him. As Bobby is walking back to town Jake pulls up beside him and offers him a lift. After a casual conversation about Grace, Jake asks Bobby if he would kill her for a price claiming that he is sick of her games. Bobby laughs this off and asks Jake if he\'s just trying to "rattle" him. Later on when Bobby is in a convenience store, the store is held up. The robbers take his bag with all his money in it but the shop owner takes out a shotgun and kills them both, unfortunately destroying most of the money in the process. Broke and without the means to even leave the town as he cannot pay the mechanic, Bobby frantically calls nearly everyone he knows trying to get money to fix his car. He even calls the gangster he owes money to asking him for money but the gangster angrily refuses. The gangster now knows where Bobby is and sends someone after him. When Bobby is sitting in a bar drinking a beer, he is approached by Jenny . Here we are introduced to Toby N. Tucker , an aggressive and very possessive boyfriend calling himself TNT who attempts to fight him for Jenny. The fight is stopped in time by the town Sheriff . Bobby also goes back to the mechanics, where he finds that Darrell has done additional work and is asking a higher price. He also busted open the trunk of the car, meaning Bobby cannot access his gun. A confrontation breaks out which results in Darrell scratching up the hood of Bobby\'s car. Darrell says that he will continue working on the car and charging more and more for the work until Bobby has the means to pay him. Wondering what to do for money, Bobby remembers the offer Jake made to him earlier in the car. He approaches Jake about the deal, who initially passes the comment off as a joke. Bobby says that he could tell Jake was serious about the offer and that he is serious about taking him up on it. Jake tells him that he would need to take Grace out of town and push her off a cliff in order to make the murder look like a suicide. A dream sequence shows that Bobby couldn\'t go through with it and ends up sleeping with her instead. Grace cuts the sex short however, leading Bobby to call her the "Queen of hot-and-cold". Grace reveals that she is not just Jake\'s wife; she is also his illegitimate child. Jake sexually abused her from a young age and then married her after her mother died. Her mother was found dead at the bottom of a cliff but her death was ruled a suicide, Grace doesn\'t believe she killed herself. Her death is eerily similar to how Jake told Bobby to kill Grace. Grace then asks Bobby if he would kill Jake, meaning the two of them could steal his money which Grace would not have access to otherwise. Bobby initially refuses. Still broke and aware that the gangsters will send someone to find him, Bobby attempts to buy a ticket out of town in order to escape. Although he doesn\'t have enough money, the clerk gives him the ticket anyway after he becomes aggressive and hostile. After buying the ticket he sees one of the gangsters driving towards him. However, the Sheriff stops the gangster and arrests him for speeding. Thinking he is safe, Bobby is then attacked by TNT who has been attempting to fight him for most of the film. TNT takes Bobby\'s ticket, rips it up and eats it, causing Bobby to lose his temper and badly beat him. Knowing he is out of options, Bobby agrees to kill Jake. When he breaks into Jakes house while Jake is having sex with Grace, he accidentally makes a noise. Jake goes downstairs to investigate and finds Bobby, who then tells Jake that killing him was Grace\'s idea and that he\'ll kill Grace for just enough money to pay for a car. Grace overhears this grabs a tomahawk and attacks Bobby when he walks into the room. However, she is really waiting for Jake to return so that she can kill him. Jake enters the room and finds Bobby lying on the floor. Bobby is playing dead and he attacks Jake with a golf club and they both fight. Grace then hits Jake in the back with the tomahawk and during a struggle between Bobby and Jake, Grace hits Jake in the chest with the tomakawk, presumably killing him. Thinking that Jake is dead, he is still alive and Bobby grabs the tomahawk and kills Jake by striking him in the chest. After killing Jake, Bobby and Grace unlock his safe to find $200,000. They then have sex in front of his dead body. Afterwards, Bobby goes to Darrell to get his car back. When he returns, Grace\'s car is gone. Bobby thinks she has run off with the money but she shows up at the front door. As they drive off however, they are pulled over by the Sheriff. Here we find out that Grace has also been sleeping with him. Grace appears to turn on Bobby, blaming him for Jake\'s death. However, she shoots the sheriff and puts him in the trunk with Jake. As Bobby and Grace are dumping the cadavers, Bobby elbows Grace in the nose and steals her gun, telling her that he does not trust her and that when they reach California they will split the money and go their separate ways. Grace says that when she blamed Jake\'s death on Bobby, she was merely baiting the Sheriff so she could kill him, much like Bobby baited Jake when he said he would kill Grace. The implication seems to be that Bobby would have killed Grace rather than Jake if he\'d had to. As they are talking, Grace pushes Bobby over the cliff, not killing him but severely injuring him. She gets in the car to drive off before realising that Bobby has taken the keys. Bobby pleads with her to come down and help him. She does so, knowing she needs the keys. When she gets close enough however, he strangles her. He then makes the grueling journey back up the cliff with a broken leg. Relieved that he is finally back in his car , he starts the car, only for the radiator hose to burst again like it did at the start of the film. The film ends showing that Bobby has died in the heat.'] ['In the early 1950s, a four-man squad of unorthodox Los Angeles Police Department detectives begins throwing its weight around by tossing Jack Flynn , a suspected organized crime figure, off a cliff on Mulholland Drive, nicknamed "Mulholland Falls" for all the men they have tossed off it. Detective Maxwell Hoover  and his partners Coolidge , Hall , and Relyea  are called to investigate a suspicious death of a young woman found at a construction site. The evidence shows that every bone in her body is broken. A coroner deduces that she looks like she "jumped off a cliff," although there are no cliffs nearby. The woman is later identified to be an aspiring actress, Allison Pond . The detectives receive a film of Allison having sex in a motel room, taken by a secretly hidden camera behind a two-way mirror. Allison\'s gay friend Jimmy Fields  admits to making this film and more but he is murdered before he can reveal more information. Radioactive glass is found in Allison\'s foot, which leads the detectives to the Nevada Atomic Testing Site, where they illegally break in and investigate. Colonel Fitzgerald  threatens to lock up the police officers, warning them that they have no authority there. The man in the film with Allison proves to be the civilian commander of the secret base, retired General Thomas Timms , now head of the Atomic Energy Commission. Max\'s marriage to Kate  is jeopardized by someone desperate to retrieve the film, a blackmailer who sends Kate a copy of a film showing her husband and Allison having sex in the same motel room. Despite the FBI\'s attempt to persuade the LAPD\'s Chief  and his squad to drop the case, further investigation leads the detectives to the "atomic soldiers" used as guinea pigs for atomic bomb tests, now dying in a secret military hospital. Images of them also were captured on a film made by Jimmy Fields. Max and his partner Ellery Coolidge board a C-47 cargo airplane with Colonel Fitzgerald and his aide  to return to Los Angeles. During the flight, Max tells Coolidge that Fitzgerald is going to kill them by throwing them off the airplane in mid-air, the same way that Allison Pond died. In a vicious struggle, the detectives fight for their lives during a shoot-out on the airplane. Fitzgerald is thrown off by Max, falling to his death. The pilot is fatally shot but manages to crash land. Coolidge dies of a bullet wound after surviving the crash. Max cannot reconcile with his wife at the funeral because she feels betrayed and heartbroken. At the cemetery, where he explains that his unit has been disbanded, she walks out on Max for good.'] ['While playing the trumpet in a burning room, the protagonist\'s voice is heard in narration. His story begins with him posing as "Danny Parker", a speed freak addicted to methamphetamine, who hangs out with friends while indulging in drugs. He also moonlights as an informant for two corrupt cops, Gus Morgan  and Al Garcetti . He is trying to set up a large meth score with notorious drug dealer Pooh Bear , an eccentric psychopath who lost his nose to excessive snorting of "Gack" , while also attempting to set up a sting operation for Morgan and Garcetti. When he returns home, Danny sheds his clothes and his personality, and basks in his past life as trumpet player "Tom Van Allen". He reveals to an abused neighbor named Colette  that he was once happily married, only to watch as his wife was gunned down by masked thieves during a stopover at the Salton Sea. When meeting with Pooh Bear, Danny becomes fearful of Pooh Bear\'s displays of bizarre homicidal behavior, so he tapes a gun to the bottom of a table. Danny\'s parents-in-law track him down, believing he has sunk into depression after his wife\'s death, but he tells them he doesn\'t want their help. As the deal approaches, it becomes known that Danny is not only working for the police but FBI agents working to take down Morgan and Garcetti, who have committed multiple murders. It is also revealed that they were the men who killed his wife and wounded him as they robbed a drug dealer. Danny had started his own investigation when he found out who Morgan was and delved into the drug underworld to become a believable junkie. On the night of the deal, Danny, with the help of his best friend Jimmy , leads the FBI to the wrong location. Meanwhile, Danny arrives at Pooh Bear\'s house. At the dinner table, surrounded by Pooh Bear\'s armed friends, tensions rise and one of Pooh Bear\'s men tries to kill Danny, who retrieves the gun he stashed earlier and shoots the rest of the gang. Shot in the chest by Pooh Bear, Danny collapses to the floor. Pooh Bear, wounded in the leg, goes to take a shot of meth while mumbling incoherently. Morgan and Garcetti arrive, find the massacre, and Garcetti kills Pooh Bear, whose drug-filled hypo drops to the floor. Garcetti is then killed by Danny, whose life was saved by a bulletproof vest. Morgan is shot twice by Danny, who reveals to Morgan that he knows he murdered his wife. Morgan manages to snatch Danny\'s gun away, but finds it empty. Danny finds Pooh Bear\'s syringe on the floor and plunges it into Morgan\'s neck, then picks up a pistol and briefly contemplates suicide, but then shoots Morgan several times and flees. Back in his apartment, he dons his Tom Van Allen identity again, but is shot by Colette\'s "boyfriend" , who is actually a man Danny ratted out to the police. Collette says she was forced to betray Danny because her daughter was being held hostage. The room catches fire, and Danny plays one more tune on his trumpet before passing out. He regains consciousness to find that Jimmy has saved him from the fire and taken him to a hospital. After he recovers, he leaves the city, and the identities of Danny and Tom, behind.'] ["Harry Mitchell  is a successful industrialist living in the suburbs of Los Angeles whose wife Barbara  is running for city council while he is having an affair. Harry is confronted by three blackmailers demanding $105,000 for a videotape of him and his mistress, Cini . Because of his wife's political aspirations, he can't go to the police. Harry's lawyer advises him that paying the blackmailers won't likely make them go away, so he refuses to pay. The criminals up the ante by murdering Cini and framing Harry for the murder, demanding $105,000 a year for the rest of his life to keep the evidence they have on him under wraps. Harry opens his financial records to one of them with a background in accounting, Alan Raimy ([[John Glover . Seeing that their mark owes money to the government and cannot afford the $105,000, Raimy agrees to accept Harry's counter offer of $52,000, at least as a first payment. Harry then turns the blackmailers against one another, putting his wife's life in grave danger in the process."] ['{{Plot}} Russel Stevens Jr. is the son of a drug addicted, alcoholic man. His father tells his son never to be like him. Stevens then witnesses his father getting killed while robbing a liquor store. He swears that he will never end up the way he has. 20 years later, Stevens  is now a police officer for the Cincinnati Police. Officer Stevens is recruited by a DEA Special Agent, Gerald Carver  to go undercover on a major sting operation in Los Angeles. Stevens poses as drug dealer \'John Hull\' in order to infiltrate and work his way up the network of the west coast\'s largest drug importer, Anton Gallegos  and his uncle Hector Gúzman,  a South American politician. Stevens relocates to a cheap hotel in LA and begins dealing cocaine. His room is opposite that of crack cocaine addict Belinda Chacón , a struggling single mother who tries to sell her son James to Stevens for money to buy drugs. Stevens is arrested by the devoutly religious L.A.P.D. Narcotics Detective Taft  and his corrupt partner Hernández  when he buys a kilogram in a set up by Gallegos\' low-level street supplier Eddie Dudley . At his arraignment, Stevens discovers that he was sold "baby laxative"  instead of cocaine and his case is dismissed. Stevens\' self-appointed attorney David Jason , who is also a drug trafficker in Gallegos\' network, rewards Stevens for not snitching by supplying him with twice as much cocaine as he purchased. Jason then introduces Stevens to Felix Barbossa , the underboss to Gallegos. Felix realized that Eddie was working with the LAPD, which results in Felix subsequently beating Eddie to death and enlisting Stevens as Eddie\'s replacement. Stevens develops a romance with Betty McCutcheon , the manager of an art dealership which serves as a front to launder Jason\'s drug money profits. When one of Stevens\' dealers is murdered by a rival dealer named Ivy, Stevens kills him and is awarded a partnership in Jason\'s new business venture; distribution of a synthetic chemical variant of cocaine. Detective Hernández pressures Felix into giving him more arrests. Felix immediately gives up Stevens, Jason, and Betty, since he views them as expendable. Carver knows about the upcoming bust, but refuses to interfere when Stevens requests, forcing Stevens to violate orders and stop it himself. At the deal, Stevens exposes Felix as a police informant which results in him being killed by Jason. After killing Felix, Gallegos comes to personally meet with Jason and Stevens and informs them they have inherited Felix\'s $1.8 million debt. Later that same day, Stevens meets with Carver to tell him about his meeting with Gallegos, but Carver tells him that The DEA pulled the plug on Stevens\' operation. After Stevens angrily protests, Carver pulls a gun on Stevens and orders him to surrender his weapon. Stevens disarms Carver and forces him to reveal that the DEA\'s war on drugs is a farce, and that Hector Guzman may someday be useful as a political asset to the State Department. Stevens becomes disillusioned and abandons his undercover status. Stevens collects the money and goes to meet with Gallegos. Stevens and Jason learn that Felix was going to kill them regardless of how much money they give him. Instead of paying Gallegos, Jason and Stevens kill him and steal a van storing over a $100 million of Gallegos\' cash. Jason and Stevens invite Guzman to a shipyard and offer to return 80% of Gallegos\' money if he agrees to invest the remaining 20% in their synthetic cocaine distribution operation. Detective Taft, who has been tailing Stevens, interrupts the deal but is unable to arrest Guzman because of his diplomatic status. Guzman flees the scene before Taft\'s backup arrive, Taft orders Stevens to surrender as Stevens refuses. Taft reaches for his backup gun and attempts to shoot Stevens and is shot and wounded by Jason. Stevens reveals to Jason that he is an police officer but Jason ignores it and orders him to leave with Jason. Stevens refuses and Jason kills Taft, despite Stevens\' pleas to let him go. Stevens then reaffirms himself as a police officer and attempts to arrest Jason, but is forced to kill him when Jason draws his gun. Afterwards, Carver leverages Stevens by threatening to charge Betty with several bank fraud violations. In exchange for his favorable testimony of Carver, the DEA, and their sting operation, Stevens can prevent Betty\'s prosecution. Stevens agrees, but during his testimony to the House Judiciary Subcommittee, he produces a video tape of the incriminating conversation with Guzman at the shipyard, thus potentially ruining Guzman. Later, Stevens accompanies James to his mother Belinda\'s grave  where he contemplates what to do with the $11 million of Gallegos\' money that he secretly kept.'] ['A young man, Brendan , seeks work in a jazz club  owned by Finney . There is some suggestion that Finney has past connections with organised crime but is attempting to leave these behind. Two gangsters arrive to make Finney an offer \'he cannot refuse\' for his club but Brendan overhears them and warns Finney, who then turns the tables on them. At the same time Newcastle is preparing to host a visit from a group of American investors that it hopes to engage in a grandiose regeneration project. Kate , a waitress, has been recruited to service the delegation. Kate and Brendan meet and fall in love. Among the visiting group is Cosmo  a corrupt businessman who we learn uses Kate as a prostitute to secure business deals. It is Cosmo who has been putting the pressure on Finney as the club stands in the way of his plans for the city leading to an eventual conflict. A subplot involves an avant-garde jazz group called the "Kraków Jazz Ensemble" who visit Newcastle to perform and become entangled in the conflict. One of the film\'s longest scenes is a celebration to which the group is invited; this takes place among members of Newcastle\'s Polish community.'] ['Ex-boxer Kevin "Kid" Collins is a drifter and an escapee from a mental hospital. He meets Fay Anderson, a widow, who convinces him to help fix up the neglected estate her ex-husband left. "Uncle Bud" talks them both into helping kidnap a rich boy for ransom money, and the ex-fighter must make decisions about his loyalties and what is right.'] 