['Arthur Kirkland  is a hotheaded but idealistic young defense attorney in Baltimore. As the film opens, he is in jail on a charge of contempt of court for having thrown a punch at judge Henry T. Fleming  while arguing the case of an innocent defendant, Jeff McCullaugh . McCullaugh was stopped for a minor traffic offense, but then mistaken for a killer of the same name and convicted. He has already endured year and a half in jail, as Kirkland continues his efforts to have the case reviewed against Fleming\'s resistance. Though there is strong new evidence that the convicted man was innocent, Judge Fleming refused Kirkland\'s appeal due to a minor technicality and leaves McCullaugh in prison. Kirkland takes another case, that of meek, gentle transgender Ralph Agee , who is guilty of a small crime and becomes a victim of the legal system. Kirkland also pays regular nursing home visits to his beloved Grandfather Sam , who is becoming senile. It is revealed that Arthur was abandoned by his parents at a young age and it was Sam who raised him and put him through law school. Arthur also begins a romance with a legal ethics committee member, Gail Packer . One day, Kirkland is shocked to find himself requested to defend Judge Fleming, who to everyone\'s surprise has been accused of rape. The two loathe each other, but Fleming feels everyone will believe he is innocent if the person publicly known to hate him also argues his innocence. Fleming uses blackmail, telling Kirkland an old violation of lawyer-client confidentiality will be reviewed by the ethics committee and Arthur likely will be disbarred if he refuses to represent Fleming. Gail confirms this off the record. An eccentric judge named Rayford , who has a friendly relationship with Kirkland, takes him for a hair-raising ride in his personal Bell 47 helicopter over the harbor and Fort McHenry, laughing as he tests how far they can possibly go without running out of fuel, while Arthur, his terrified passenger, begs him to land the helicopter immediately. Rayford, a veteran of the Korean War, is possibly suicidal, and keeps a rifle in his chambers at the courthouse, a 1911 pistol in his shoulder holster at all times and eats his lunch out on the ledge outside his window, four stories up. Kirkland\'s friend and partner, Jay Porter , is also unstable. He feels guilt from gaining acquittals for defendants who were truly guilty of violent crimes and goes berserk when one commits another murder. After a breakdown at the courthouse, Jay is taken to a hospital accompanied by Kirkland. Before leaving in the ambulance, a distracted Arthur calls on another lawyer friend, Warren Fresnell , to handle Ralph\'s court hearing in his absence. Arthur gives Warren a corrected version of Ralph\'s probation report, and stresses the fact that Warren must show the corrections to the judge so that Ralph will get probation rather than being sent to jail. Unfortunately, Warren forgets to appear on time, fails to show the judge the corrected report, and Ralph is sentenced to jail where he commits suicide through hanging off-screen. Kirkland is livid, and attacks Warren\'s car with his briefcase in retaliation and to get his attention. Warren argues that Ralph\'s trial was nothing but "nickels and dimes" and beneath him, before Kirkland sternly reminds him "they\'re people" and then informing of Ralph\'s suicide . His other client, McCullaugh, abused by fellow prisoners , snaps one day and takes two hostages. Arthur pleads with him to surrender, promising to get him out, but the police shoot and kill McCullaugh after he stands up, providing a shot for a police sharpshooter, as Arthur looks on in horror. A clearly disturbed Kirkland takes on Judge Fleming\'s case, which Judge Rayford and a jury will hear in court. Arthur acquires evidence from another client, Carl, incriminating photographs that show Fleming in BDSM acts with a prostitute. Gail warns him not to betray a client. He shows the pictures to Fleming, who then freely admits that he is guilty of the rape. Disgusted with his situation, Kirkland goes to trial. Fleming makes a sleazy remark to Kirkland about wanting to rape the victim again, which finally pushes Kirkland to the breaking point. In his opening statement, Arthur begins by mocking the case of the prosecuting attorney  while speaking of the ultimate objective of the American legal system. He appears to be making a strong case to exonerate Fleming. But unexpectedly, he bursts out and says that prosecution is not going to get Fleming, because he is going to get him. Kirkland tells the jury, "My client, The Honorable Henry T. Fleming, should go right to fucking jail! The son of a bitch is guilty!" The courtroom erupts and the presiding judge Rayford, the prosecution, and the others in the court room are enraged and flabbergasted at the turn of events, including Gail. The judge calls Kirkland "out of order," bangs his gavel to bring the court to order. Arthur replies, "You\'re out of order! You\'re out of order! The whole trial\'s out of order!" Arthur is dragged away, continuing to shout his rage all the way out the door and to criticize Fleming for his and the legal system\'s abuse of law and order that cost the lives of his two clients and let true criminals like Fleming go free to commit more crimes. As the courtroom spectators cheer for Arthur, Fleming sits down in defeat, and a fed-up Rayford walks out of his stand. In the end, Kirkland sits on the court\'s steps, all by himself, weary from his breakdown but satisfied, knowing his antics probably cost him his practice and career in law, but will presumably finally put Fleming in jail. His partner Jay, just released from the mental hospital, climbs up the long steps, tipping his toupee like a hat and greets him with a friendly "Hi, Arthur" and walks away and inside the court building.'] ['In 1951, Sonny Crawford  and Duane Jackson  are small-town Texas high-school seniors. They are friends and co-captains of Anarene High School\'s football team and share a rooming house home and a battered old pickup truck. Duane is good-looking, amusing and popular, and dates Jacy Farrow , the prettiest  girl in town. Sonny is sensitive and caring, with a dumpy, unpleasant girlfriend, Charlene Duggs , whom he does not love; she shares his indifference, and they decide to call it quits. At Christmastime, Sonny stumbles into an affair with Ruth Popper , the depressed, middle-aged wife of his high-school coach, Coach Popper . At the sad little town Christmas dance, Jacy is invited by unsavory Lester Marlow  to a naked indoor pool party at the home of Bobby Sheen , a wealthy boy who seems to offer better prospects than Duane. Since Bobby is not interested in her as long as she is a virgin, she must get someone to have sex with her first. Duane and Sonny go on a road trip to Mexico — which happens entirely off-screen — and return to discover that Sam the Lion , their mentor and father-figure in town, has died of a stroke, leaving a will that bequeaths the town\'s movie theater to the woman who ran the concession stand, the café to its waitress, Genevieve , and the pool hall to Sonny. Jacy invites Duane to a motel for sex, but he is unable to perform; it takes a second attempt to alter her virginity status. Having got what she wants from Duane, she breaks up with him by phone, and he eventually joins the Army. When Bobby elopes with another girl, Jacy is alone again, and out of boredom has sex with Abilene , her mother\'s lover. When Jacy hears of Sonny\'s affair with Ruth, she sets her sights on him and Ruth gets nudged out very quickly. Sonny gets injured with a broken bottle in a fight with Duane, who still considers Jacy "his" girl. Jacy pretends to be impressed that Sonny would fight over her and suggests they elope. On their way to their honeymoon, they are stopped by an Oklahoma state trooper — apparently Jacy left a note telling her parents all about their plan. The couple is fetched back to Anarene by her father and mother in separate automobiles. On the trip back, Jacy\'s mother Lois  admits to Sonny she was Sam the Lion\'s erstwhile paramour and tells him he was much better off with Ruth Popper than with Jacy. Duane returns to town for a visit before shipping out for Korea. He and Sonny are among the meager group attending the final screening at Sam\'s old movie house, which is no longer a viable business. The next morning, after Sonny sees Duane off on the Trailways bus, young Billy , another of the town\'s innocents protected over the years by Sam the Lion, is run over and killed as he sweeps the street. Sonny flees back to Ruth, whom he has been ignoring since Jacy stole him away months earlier. Her first reaction is to show her hurt and anger, then the two slip into a haunting, beatific calm in her familiar kitchen.'] ['Harry Coombes  is an elderly widower who is forced from his Upper West Side apartment in New York City when his building is condemned. He initially stays with his son\'s family in the suburbs but eventually chooses to travel cross country with his pet cat "Tonto" in tow. Initially planning to fly to Chicago, he instead boards a long-distance bus, then later impulsively buys a used car to continue the journey. During his episodic journey, he befriends a Bible-quoting hitchhiker ([[Michael Butler , travels with underage runaway Ginger , visits his daughter , a bookstore owner in Chicago, and drops in on an early sweetheart in a retirement home who suffers from dementia. Later he accepts a ride with a health-food salesman, spends a night in jail with a friendly Native Indian chief, and finally meets his youngest son  in Los Angeles, where he tutors children and is invited to room with a friendly widow. His cat figures prominently throughout the film.'] ["Bowie, a youthful convicted murderer, and bank robbers Chicamaw and T-Dub escape from a Mississippi chain gang in the 1930s. They hole up with a gas station attendant and continue robbing banks. Bowie, who is injured in an auto accident, takes refuge with the daughter of the gas station attendant, Keechie. They become romantically involved but their relationship is strained by Bowie's refusal to turn his back on crime. Chicamaw is eventually recaptured and T-Dub is killed while waiting in his car for his wife. Bowie poses as a sheriff's deputy to spring Chickamaw from jail. But he quickly becomes disgusted with the violent, raving Chicamaw and abandons him on the side of the road. The Texas Rangers catch up with Bowie, who is betrayed by a motel keeper. He meets a violent end. Keechie carries on, pregnant with Bowie's baby."] ['{{plot}} In Autumn 1951, the 4077th Mobile Army Surgical Hospital is assigned two replacements: Captain "Hawkeye" Pierce  and Captain "Duke" Forrest . On their arrival, it becomes clear that they are rebellious, womanizing, mischievous rule-breakers , but they soon prove good at their jobs. They immediately clash with their new tent mate Major Frank Burns , who is both a religious man and an inferior surgeon. Hawkeye and Duke put pressure on Lt. Colonel Henry Blake , the unit\'s CO, to have Burns removed from "their" tent. At the same time, they ask him to apply to have a specialist thoracic surgeon assigned to the 4077th. The mysterious new thoracic surgeon arrives, and gives away little about who he is or where he\'s from. Hawkeye, though, is convinced he has seen the new man somewhere before. It is only after an impromptu football game that Hawkeye recalls a college football game he played in which he scored the only touchdown by intercepting a pass from the opposing team\'s  quarterback, the new thoracic surgeon, Captain "Trapper" John McIntyre . Major Margaret Houlihan , the newly assigned chief nurse of the camp, arrives to be greeted by Henry Blake . At the same time, in the post-op ward Trapper sees Frank Burns unjustly blaming Private Boone, an orderly, for a patient\'s death. During Houlihan\'s tour of the camp, Trapper confronts Burns and punches him. While Henry is away visiting General Hammond at the 325th Evac Hospital, the camp, led by Trapper, lets loose. Burns and Houlihan are appalled and write a report on the unmilitary goings-on. In the process, they give in to their own repressed passions and engage in a sexual encounter. But their tryst is broadcast over the PA system, and everyone hears Houlihan telling Burns to "Kiss my hot lips!" – earning her the nickname "Hot Lips". The following day, Hawkeye quietly taunts Burns about the encounter, goading Burns to attack him. Burns is then sedated, restrained and shipped back stateside. Father Mulcahy, also called "Dago Red" ([[René Auberjonois , the camp\'s chaplain, tells Hawkeye that "Painless Pole" Waldowski , the unit\'s dentist, has consulted him about a problem. Though Mulcahy feels unable to divulge any details (Waldowski had come to him in [[Confession , he makes clear the severity of the problem. Waldowski tells Hawkeye that he has suffered a "lack of performance" with a visiting nurse and now believes he has latent homosexual tendencies. Soon after, he reveals his desire to commit suicide and seeks advice on which method to use. Hawkeye, Trapper and Duke suggest that he use the "black capsule" . At an impromptu Last Supper, Painless takes the capsule  and falls asleep in a coffin to the strains of "Suicide is Painless". Hawkeye then persuades Lt. Maria "Dish" Schneider , a nurse who is returning to the U.S. the following day, to spend the night with Painless and cure him of his problems. During a discussion, Duke announces that he is partial to blondes, to which Hawkeye responds by claiming his friend has a thing for Hot Lips. Duke counters by suggesting she isn\'t even a natural blonde and bets $20 with Hawkeye to find out. Together, the boys come up with a scheme: when the nurses are going to use the showers, all are waylaid except Hot Lips. Then, on cue, the flap covering the shower tent is lifted to expose Hot Lips, naked, to the camp, plunging her into complete and total humiliation. Duke then tells Hawkeye that Hawkeye owes him $20 . In hysterics, Hot Lips storms off to Colonel Blake and screams at him that the camp is an insane asylum and that it\'s his fault for letting the doctors get away with practically anything. She threatens to resign her commission if Blake doesn\'t turn Duke and Hawkeye over to the MPs. Blake, who is listening to Houlihan\'s diatribe while lying in bed with nurse Leslie , finally tells Houlihan, "Well goddamn it, Hot Lips, resign your goddamn commission". Houlihan dejectedly turns and leaves, sobbing "My commission, my commission." Ho-Jon , a local teenager who works in the camp, is drafted into the South Korean army. Hawkeye drives him to the induction center in Seoul for his physical, where he is found to have high blood pressure and a rapid heartbeat. The examining doctor refuses to disqualify Ho-Jon, insinuating that Hawkeye may have given Ho-Jon some medicine to induce these symptoms and keep him from being conscripted. Hawkeye reluctantly has to let him go. Back in camp, Trapper is ordered to proceed to Kokura, Japan, to operate on the GI son of a U.S. Congressman who has been injured in training. Seeing an opportunity to play golf, he takes Hawkeye to assist. The two barge into the hospital and order the young man into surgery within the hour. With Hawkeye\'s old friend "Me Lay" Marston ([[Michael Murphy  as the anaesthetist, they quickly finish the surgery; but on the way out of the hospital, they are cornered by the MPs and escorted to the hospital\'s commander, Col. Wallace Merrill. Reminding him that "the Pros from Dover" have bailed him out of a potential situation with the Congressman\'s son, any threats that Merrill could make are effectively nullified. While recuperating at the Dr. Yamachi\'s New Era Hospital and Whorehouse where Me Lay moonlights as a doctor, Hawkeye and Trapper come across a Japanese-American baby with a serious medical problem. Taking advantage of their status as "the Pros from Dover", they go to the military hospital to operate, but are stopped by Merrill. However, the three anesthetize him and then blackmail him by taking nude pictures of him in bed with one of the prostitutes. On their return from Japan, Hawkeye and Trapper immediately go into surgery for several hours. Done with the surgery and eager to get some sleep, they head back to their tent only to find that Duke has locked it up. They then observe him sneaking Hot Lips out, making it clear that Duke was not as averse to the chief nurse as he claimed. On a visit to the 4077th, General Hammond shares a drink with Hawkeye, Trapper and Duke and suggests that their two units play a "friendly" football game, with some money thrown into a pot to make bets . Seeing an opportunity to make some money, Hawkeye comes up with a plan. First, they get Henry to apply for a specific neurosurgeon: Dr. Oliver Harmon "Spearchucker" Jones , a former professional football player for the San Francisco 49ers. Then, Hawkeye\'s plan calls for them to bet half their money up front and keep the ringer  out of the first half of the game. Once the other team has racked up some easy points and become confident enough to offer good odds to bet the rest of the money, the 4077th brings in Jones for the second half. The game goes down to the last play, described as "center-eligible", which calls for the ball to be returned from the quarterback  to the center , who then hides the ball under his jersey. While everyone chases the phantom ball, Vollmer runs unobserved to score a touchdown, winning the game and the bets for the 4077th. Not long after the football game, Hawkeye and Duke get their discharge orders and begin their journey home - in the same Jeep they arrived in, while the PA Announcer reads the credits.'] ['At an unspecified time,Kelloway states that he has known Brubaker for 16 years, with Apollo 11 occurring during the period. Capricorn One&mdash;the first manned mission to Mars&mdash;is on the launch pad. Such NASA authorities as Dr. James Kelloway  realize, too late, that a faulty life-support system supplied by a corrupt NASA contractor will kill the astronauts during the flight. As the manned space program needs a success to continue, they find themselves forced to falsify the landing rather than cancel the mission. Minutes before launch, the bewildered crew of Air Force Colonel Charles Brubaker , Air Force Lieutenant Colonel Peter Willis , and Navy Commander John Walker  are removed from Capricorn One and flown to an abandoned United States Army Air Corps desert base. The launch proceeds on schedule, but the public is unaware that the spacecraft is empty. At the base, the astronauts are informed they will help counterfeit the television footage during the flight to and from Mars, and that it is their patriotic duty to participate for the sake of national morale and prestige. Initially they refuse, but Kelloway, himself under extreme duress  to go through with the hoax, threatens their families if they do not cooperate, claiming a bomb will explode on a plane carrying the family members. The astronauts remain in captivity during the flight and are filmed landing on Mars within a studio located at the base. They also appear in a live TV broadcast talking to their wives in a normal dialogue - despite the fact that radio signals take at least several minutes to reach Earth from their location in space. The conspiracy is known to only a few officials, until alert technician Elliot Whitter  notices that ground control receives the crew\'s television transmissions before the spacecraft telemetry arrives. Whitter mysteriously disappears before he can finish sharing his concerns with journalist friend Robert Caulfield . Caulfield discovers that all evidence of his friend\'s life has been erased and begins investigating the mission, surviving several attacks on himself and his reputation. Upon returning to Earth, the empty spacecraft unexpectedly burns up due to a faulty heat shield during re-entry. The captive astronauts quickly realize that something has gone badly wrong with the re-entry process, and that officials can never release them because doing so would automatically expose the hoax. Knowing that the only logical solution for their captors is kill them during the cover-up process, they escape in a Learjet, which runs out of fuel soon after take-off. Forced to crash-land and stranded in the desert, they attempt to return to civilization while being pursued by a pair of "black helicopters" . Brubaker is the only one to avoid capture. Caulfield\'s investigation leads him to the desert, where he finds the military base and the set. With the help of crop-dusting pilot Albain , he rescues Brubaker before the men in the helicopters can capture or kill him. The film ends with Caulfield and Brubaker arriving at the astronauts\' memorial service, exposing the conspiracy in front of television cameras and scores of witnesses who are astonished at his arrival.'] ['In the late summer of 1962, recent high school graduates and longtime friends Curt Henderson and Steve Bolander meet John Milner and Terry "The Toad" Fields at the local Mel\'s Drive-In parking lot. Despite receiving a $2,000 scholarship from the local Moose lodge, Curt is undecided if he wants to leave the next morning with Steve to go to the Northeastern United States to begin college. Steve lets Toad borrow his 1958 Chevy Impala for the evening and while he will be away at college. Steve\'s girlfriend Laurie, who is also Curt\'s younger sister, is unsure of Steve leaving, to which he suggests they see other people while he is away to "strengthen" their relationship. Curt, Steve and Laurie go to the local sock hop, while Toad and Milner begin cruising. En route to the hop, Curt sees a beautiful blonde girl in a white 1956 Ford Thunderbird. She mouths "I love you" before disappearing down the street. After leaving the hop, Curt is desperate to find the mysterious blonde, but is coerced by a group of greasers  through an initiation rite that involves hooking a chain to a police car and successfully ripping out its back axle. Curt is told rumors that The Blonde is either a trophy wife or prostitute, which he immediately refuses to accept. Steve and Laurie break up following a series of arguments, and Milner inadvertently picks up Carol, an annoying teenybopper who seems fond of him. Toad, who is normally socially inept with girls, meets a flirtatious and somewhat rebellious girl named Debbie. Meanwhile, Curt learns that DJ Wolfman Jack broadcasts from just outside of Modesto, and inside the dark, eerie radio station, Curt encounters a bearded man he assumes to be the manager. Curt hands the man a message for The Blonde to call him or meet him. As he walks away, Curt hears the voice of The Wolfman and, seeing him broadcasting, realizes he had been speaking with him. The other story lines intertwine until Toad and Steve end up on "Paradise Road" to watch Milner race against the handsome but arrogant Bob Falfa, with Laurie as Falfa\'s passenger. Within seconds Falfa loses control of his car after blowing a front tire, plunges into a ditch and rolls his car. Steve and Milner run to the wreck, and a dazed Bob and Laurie stagger out of the car before it explodes. Distraught, Laurie grips Steve tightly and tells him not to leave her. He assures her that he has decided not to leave Modesto after all. The next morning, Curt is awakened by the sound of a phone ringing in a telephone booth, which turns out to be The Blonde. She tells him she might see him cruising tonight, but Curt replies that is not possible, because he will be leaving. At the airfield, he says goodbye to his parents, his sister and friends. As the plane takes off, Curt, gazing out of the window, sees the white Ford Thunderbird belonging to the mysterious Blonde. Prior to the end credits, an on-screen epilogue reveals that John was killed by a drunk driver in December 1964, Terry was reported missing in action near An Lộc in December 1965, Steve is an insurance agent in Modesto, California, and Curt is a writer living in Canada.'] ["Julian Kaye  is a male escort in Los Angeles whose job supports his expensive taste in cars, stereophonic equipment, cocaine and clothes. He is, at times, blatantly narcissistic and superficial; however, he claims to take some pleasure in his work from being able to sexually satisfy women. When on an assignment for his primary procuress, Anne , he meets Michelle Stratton , the unhappy wife of a local politician, who becomes interested in him. Julian's other pimp, Leon , sends him to the house of a financier, Mr. Rheiman, who asks Julian to physically abuse and have sex with his wife while he watches them. As Julian begins to get to know Michelle, he learns that the financier's wife, Mrs. Rheiman, was murdered. Los Angeles Police Department Detective Sunday  investigates Julian as a primary suspect. Though he was with a client, Lisa Williams , on the night of the murder, the client refuses to give Julian an alibi in order to protect her and her husband's reputations. As Julian's relationship with Michelle deepens, suspicion of the murder mounts against him. He soon realizes that he is being framed and grows increasingly desperate. His mounting anguish is visually represented by a degeneration in style as his clothes become rumpled, he goes unshaven, and he even rents a cheap commuter car after his Mercedes SL has been tampered with. Julian finally confronts Leon, who confesses that one of the other, younger gigolos who works for him had killed the wealthy man's wife, and Leon had conceived the plan to frame Julian. After an argument, Julian accidentally pushes Leon over the apartment balcony and he falls to his death. With no one to help him, Julian ends up in jail, awaiting trial for the murder. However, when all seems lost, Michelle risks her reputation and that of her husband to provide Julian with the alibi that can save him from prison."] ['Kansas  is a stunt coordinator in charge of horses on a western being shot in a small Peruvian village. Following a tragic incident on the set where an actor is killed in a stunt, Kansas decides to quit the movie business and stay in Peru with a local woman. Kansas thinks he has found paradise, but is soon called in to help in a bizarre incident: the Peruvian natives are "filming" their own movie with "cameras" made of sticks, and acting out real western movie violence, as they don\'t understand movie fakery. The film touches on the ideas of fiction versus reality, especially in regards to cinema. The movie is presented in a way that challenges the viewer\'s traditional cinematic understanding of storytelling, by presenting the story in a non-chronological fashion, and by including several devices typically only seen behind the scenes of filmmaking , and the use of jarring jump cuts.'] ["This film tells the story of friends and former competitors in the world of ballet, as well as the daughter/godchild of one of the women who is starting a career in ballet of her own. DeeDee  left the ballet school after becoming pregnant with the child of another ballet dancer, Wayne . The two settled down to raise a family and co-run a ballet studio in the suburbs of Oklahoma City. Emma  stayed and eventually became a prima ballerina with the American Ballet Company . When the company finally comes back to town, the two reunite. The reunion stirs up old memories and affects the present. DeeDee's daughter, Emilia , is invited to join the company at Emma's request. Emilia starts an affair with a big-name Russian ballet defector and ladies' man, Yuri . Emilia's brother Ethan is offered two ballet scholarships, but is unsure to pursue a career between ballet and baseball. He accepts one scholarship. Also, an old male friend of DeeDee's, a composer and conductor named Rosie is getting to know her all over again. Soon, the two are having an affair. Meanwhile, it looks as if Emma's day in the sun is coming to an end. For years, Michael has been asking Emma to marry him despite his marriage. By now as it looks as though she's ready to accept now that the company's forcing her to retire, he decides to stay with his wife. Old friends and DeeDee eventually enter into major conflict, as DeeDee resents it that Emma acts as a foster mother to Emilia even though she had abandoned the idea of family life by pursing a career in ballet, while Emma feels that DeeDee is jealous of the success that Emma has had as a dancer. Emilia also suffers when she sees how Yuri carries on relationships with other girls. Eventually, misunderstandings are settled, with Emma and DeeDee settling their differences and Emilia and Yuri becoming a stable couple with Emilia deciding to pursue a career in ballet."] ['Ted Kramer  is a workaholic advertising executive who has just been assigned a new and very important account. Ted arrives home and shares the good news with his wife Joanna  only to find that she is leaving him. Saying that she needs to find herself, she leaves Ted to raise their son Billy  by himself. Ted and Billy initially resent one another as Ted no longer has time to carry his increased workload and Billy misses his mother\'s love and attention. After months of unrest, Ted and Billy learn to cope and gradually bond as father and son. Ted befriends his neighbor Margaret , who had initially counseled Joanna to leave Ted if she was that unhappy. Margaret is a fellow single parent, and she and Ted become kindred spirits. One day, as the two sit in the park watching their children play, Billy falls off the jungle gym, severely cutting his face. Ted sprints several blocks through oncoming traffic carrying Billy to the hospital, where he comforts his son during treatment. Fifteen months after she walked out, Joanna returns to New York to claim Billy, and a custody battle ensues. During the custody hearing, both Ted and Joanna are unprepared for the brutal character assassinations that their lawyers unleash on the other. Margaret is forced to testify that she had advised an unhappy Joanna to leave Ted, though she also attempts to tell Joanna on the stand that her husband has profoundly changed. Eventually, the damaging facts that Ted was fired because of his conflicting parental responsibilities, forcing him to take a lower-paid job, come out in court, as do the details of Billy\'s accident. The court awards custody to Joanna, a decision mostly based on the assumption that a child is best raised by his mother. Ted discusses appealing the case, but his lawyer warns that Billy himself would have to take the stand in the resulting trial. Ted cannot bear the thought of submitting his child to such an ordeal and decides not to contest custody. On the morning that Billy is to move in with Joanna, Ted and Billy make breakfast together, mirroring the meal that Ted tried to cook the first morning after Joanna left. They share a tender hug knowing that this is their last daily breakfast together. Joanna calls on the intercom, asking Ted to come down to the lobby. She tells Ted how much she loves and wants Billy, but she knows his true home is with Ted. She will therefore not take him. As she enters the elevator to go and talk to Billy, she asks her ex-husband "How do I look?" The movie ends with the elevator doors closing on the emotional Joanna, right after Ted answers, "You look terrific."'] ['With the aid of Louise , owlish Brewster  constructs a pair of human-size wings in his Houston Astrodome nest to realize his dream. Meanwhile creeps, including a witchy "Star-Spangled Banner"-belting crone  and Brewster\'s skinflint boss , keep turning up dead and covered with bird droppings. The Houston Establishment calls in blue-eyed, turtleneck-wearing, "San Francisco super cop" Frank Shaft  to investigate. Brewster cooks his goose, when he defies Louise\'s edict against sex and hooks up with Astrodome usher Suzanne . She impressed him  by out-driving Shaft in her Road Runner. Despite her sweetness, Suzanne will not compromise her comfortable home to choose flight with Brewster.  The film opens with the MGM logo, as usual, but with the voice of Rene Auberjonois saying, "I forgot the opening line," replacing the lion roar.Hollywood Lost and Found - Studio Logos - MGM'] ['Late one night, private investigator Philip Marlowe is visited by his close friend, Terry Lennox, who asks for a lift from Los Angeles to the California–Mexico border at Tijuana. He obliges. On returning home, Marlowe is awaited by two police department detectives, who accuse Terry Lennox of having murdered his rich wife, Sylvia. Marlowe refuses to give them any information and they arrest him. After three days in jail, the police release him, because Terry Lennox committed suicide in Mexico. It is an open-and-shut case to the police and the press, but the "official facts" do not sit right with Marlowe. In the meantime, Marlowe is hired by Eileen Wade, the platinum-blonde trophy wife of Roger Wade, an alcoholic novelist with writers\' block, whose macho, Hemingway-like persona is proving self-destructive. She asks that Marlowe find her husband, who, despite such regular alcoholic binges and days-long disappearances, now seems to be missing. In the course of investigating Mrs. Wade\'s missing-husband case &mdash; visiting the sub-culture of "private" detoxification clinics for rich alcoholics and drug addicts &mdash; Marlowe learns that the Wades "knew" the Lennoxes socially. He is increasingly convinced that there is more to Terry\'s suicide and the murder of Sylvia. Marlowe incurs the wrath of ruthless gangster Marty Augustine, who wants money returned that Lennox owed him. Augustine viciously injures his own mistress just to demonstrate what could happen to Marlowe, saying: "Her, I love. You, I don\'t even like." The return of Augustine\'s money in the nick of time frees Marlowe to take a second trip to Mexico, where he ultimately uncovers the truth of what happened between Terry and Sylvia Lennox.'] ["Brooks Wilson  is a busy man, juggling his work as a commercial artist with a marriage to Selma  and two young children. He also has a girlfriend on the side named Grace  who wants him to commit to her, but he cannot do this. Brooks is trying very hard to land an elusive account from Lepridon , but this is seeming harder to achieve than he thought. One evening they attend a party at a grand Connecticut home. Feeling his life is falling apart, Brooks seduces flirty Nelly , wife of his associate Will ([[David Doyle . They go to a children's playhouse outside the main house, and their indiscretions are caught on closed-circuit television. Selma and Will are devastated. Brooks and Will fall into a fist-fight. After the commotion dies down, the harried Brooks tells Selma that he finally landed the Lepridon account. She smacks him with her handbag, and they stare at each other in silence, seeing their marriage honestly for the first time."] ["The young Lillian and the young Julia, daughter of a wealthy family being brought up by her grandparents in the U.S., enjoy a childhood together and an extremely close relationship in late adolescence. Later, while medical-student/physician Julia  attends Oxford and the University of Vienna and studies with such luminaries as Sigmund Freud, Lillian  suffers through revisions of her play with her mentor and sometime lover, famed author Dashiell Hammett  at a beachhouse. After becoming a celebrated playwright, Lillian is invited to a writers' conference in Russia. Julia, having taken on the battle against Nazism, enlists Lillian en route to smuggle money through Nazi Germany which will assist in the anti-Nazi cause. It is a dangerous mission, especially for a Jewish intellectual on her way to Russia. During a brief meeting with Julia on this trip, Lillian learns that her friend has a child named Lily, living with a baker in Alsace. Shortly after her return to the United States, Lillian is informed of Julia's murder. The details of her death are shrouded in secrecy. Lillian unsuccessfully looks for Julia's daughter in Alsace and also discovers that Julia's family wants nothing to do with the child, if she exists. They even pretend not to remember Lillian, clearly wanting to excise the embarrassment of Julia from their lives."] ["David and Jason are estranged siblings, the former a depressive late-night radio talk-show host, the latter an extroverted con man. When Jason drags his younger brother and his  bitter aging beauty-queen squeeze, Sally, to a dreary Atlantic City and into a real-estate scam, events spiral toward tragedy. The skeptical David has no faith in Jason's scam. Jason chides David for wallowing in his dark, lonely depressed life. Sally becomes disgruntled and shoots Jason. David escorts his brother's corpse home to Philadelphia by train."] [" :By What Means Redmond Barry Acquired the Style and Title of Barry Lyndon An omniscient  narrator  informs us that in 1750s Ireland, the father of Redmond Barry  is killed in a duel over a disputed horse sale. The widow , disdaining offers of marriage, devotes herself to her only son. As a teenager, Barry falls in love with his older cousin, Nora Brady . Though she seduces him, she later drops Barry  for the well-off English Captain John Quin . Nora and her family plan to relieve their poverty with an advantageous marriage, but Barry refuses to accept the situation and shoots Quin in a duel. Barry flees to Dublin, but en route is robbed of purse and equipment by Captain Feeney , a famous highwayman. Broke, Barry joins the British army, whereupon he reunites with Captain Grogan , a family friend, who informs him that, in fact, he did not kill Quin — Barry's dueling pistol was loaded with tow. The duel was staged by Nora's family to get rid of Barry so that their family finances would be secured through the marriage of Nora and Quin. Barry's regiment is sent to France to fight in the Seven Years' War, where Captain Grogan is fatally wounded by the French at the Battle of Minden. Barry deserts the army, stealing an officer courier's uniform, horse, and identification papers. En route to neutral Holland he encounters the Prussian Captain Potzdorf , who, seeing through his disguise, offers him the choice of being turned back over to the British where he will be shot as a deserter, or enlisting in the Prussian army. Barry enlists in his second army and later receives a special commendation from Frederick the Great for saving Potzdorf's life in a battle. After the war ends in 1763, Barry is employed by Captain Potzdorf's uncle in the Prussian Ministry of Police to become the servant of the Chevalier de Balibari ([[Patrick Magee , a professional gambler. The Prussians suspect he is a spy and send Barry as an undercover agent to verify this. Barry reveals himself to the Chevalier right away and they become confederates cheating at cards. After he and the Chevalier cheat the Prince of Tübingen at the cardtable, the Prince accuses the Chevalier  and refuses to pay his debt unless the Chevalier demands satisfaction. When Barry relays this to his Prussian handlers, they  are wary of allowing another meeting between the Chevalier and the Prince. So, the Prussians arrange for the Chevalier to be expelled from the country. Barry conveys this plan to the Chevalier, who flees in the night. The next morning, Barry, under disguise as the Chevalier, is escorted from Prussian territory by Prussian officers. For the next few years, Barry and the Chevalier travel the spas and parlors of Europe, profiting from their gambling with Barry enforcing reluctant debtors with a duel. Seeing that his life is going nowhere, Barry decides to marry into wealth. At a gambling table in Belgium, he encounters the beautiful and wealthy Countess of Lyndon . He seduces and later marries her after the death of her elderly husband, Sir Charles Lyndon . <div styleAct IIEpilogue :It was in the reign of King George III that the aforesaid personages lived and quarreled; good or bad, handsome or ugly, rich or poor, they are all equal now"] ['Shampoo is set during a 24-hour period in 1968, on the eve of a presidential election that would result in Richard Nixon\'s election to the American presidency. George Roundy  is a successful Beverly Hills hairdresser, whose occupation and charisma have provided him the perfect platform from which to meet, and bed, beautiful women, including his current girlfriend Jill . Despite this, George is dissatisfied with his professional life; he is clearly the creative star of the salon, but is forced to play second fiddle to the "nickel-and-diming," mediocre hairdresser who owns the place. He dreams of setting up his own salon business, but lacking the cash to do so, turns to wealthy lover Felicia  and her unsuspecting husband Lester  to bankroll him. George\'s meeting with Lester supplies a second secret for him to keep from his would-be benefactor: Lester\'s current mistress, Jackie , is George\'s former girlfriend, perhaps the most serious relationship he has ever had. Lester, who assumes George is gay, invites him to escort Jackie to a Republican Party election night soiree, at which George finds himself in the same room as a number of present and former sexual partners. The principals adjourn to a posh counterculture party, and the night quickly descends into drugs, alcohol and sexual indulgence. In the film\'s dramatic climax, Lester and Jill happen upon George and Jackie having vigorous sex on a kitchen floor. Just before their identities are revealed, an impressed Lester exclaims: "Now, that\'s what I call fucking!" When Jill recognizes the writhing couple, she throws a chair at them; as George backpedals, trying to placate Jill, Jackie sees him for the cad he is, and flees. George realizes that Jackie is his true love and proposes to her. By then, however, it is too late: Jackie announces that Lester is divorcing Felicia and taking Jackie to Acapulco. With Felicia gone, Jill gone, and now Jackie gone, the film thus pairs sexual revelation with George\'s deeper moral development, but ends bleakly for the protagonist, despite his epiphany.'] ['{{Plot}} former professional weightlifter, and Connie Shokner , a fearsome serial killer and martial arts expert. With the help of the clever Caretaker ([[James Hampton , veteran former professional player Nate Scarborough , "Granny" Granville , long-term prisoner Pop ([[John Steadman  — who remains in prison far past his original sentence for having struck Warden Hazen when the warden was just a rookie guard — and the warden\'s amorous secretary, Miss Toot , Crewe molds the prisoners into a smoothly working football team named the "Mean Machine". Before the game, an arsonist named Unger , schemes to kill Crewe by setting off an incendiary device in his cell. Caretaker is killed in the blaze in Crewe\'s cell after he goes there to retrieve X-rays for Crewe, who is sitting in Caretaker\'s cell with Nate. As the game starts, the "Mean Machine" does well, and at halftime the game is close, with the guards leading, 15-13. Cornering Crewe in the locker room, Hazen berates him for trying to win the game and tells Crewe that he has Unger in custody and that he is willing to testify that Crewe was an accessory to Caretaker\'s murder unless Crewe loses the game to the guards by at least 21 points. Crewe reluctantly and angrily agrees, but obtains a promise from Hazen that if he cooperates, the other prisoners will not be harmed. However, Hazen tells Captain Knauer to order his players to "inflict as much physical punishment on the prisoners as humanly possible" as soon as they are ahead by 21 points. Crewe quickly makes several deliberate mistakes putting the "Mean Machine" down by more than three touchdowns, 35-13, then takes himself out of the game. With the prisoners demoralized, the guards then take out their anger on the prisoners, causing several injuries. At this point, a depressed Crewe asks Pop if it had been worth it — trading the opportunity to punch the warden in exchange for a life sentence he didn\'t deserve. Pop states that, for himself at least, it was, and Crewe goes back into the game with a renewed sense of purpose. At first, the prisoners are angry with Crewe and provide him with no protection or co-operation, but he convinces them of his change of mind, and with the help of two quick touchdowns followed by a drop kick field goal, gets the "Mean Machine" back into the game, trailing by only five points, 35-30. Nate, despite his bad knee, goes into the game to score one of the touchdowns, and, after doing so, is immediately cut down at the knees by guard Bogdanski , crippling him. However, by this time the prisoners have rallied and their spirit cannot be broken as they have turned the tables on the guards in terms of the violence, including a clothesline from Samson that apparently breaks a guard\'s neck, while Crewe deliberately and repeatedly throws the ball as hard as possible at Bogdanski\'s genitals. Driving downfield for the game-winning score, a running play up the middle is stuffed and Crewe calls the team\'s final timeout with seven seconds remaining in the game and the prisoners with the ball on the guards\' one-yard line - the "longest yard" of the title. Crewe walks off the field to the sideline and his teammates begin to follow. Crewe gathers them together for a last moment of reflection and steeling of their resolve. In a long slow-motion sequence, Crewe takes the final snap, dodges several defenders in the backfield and hurdles yet others into the end zone. Scoring the winning touchdown with no time left, the "Mean Machine" wins, 36-35. As the prisoners and the crowd celebrate, Warden Hazen is furious. Crewe walks across the field in what appears to be an attempt to mingle with the crowd and escape. Hazen sees this and orders Knauer to shoot Crewe by yelling "Shoot him! Kill him!". A very tense few moments ensue as Knauer trains his rifle on Crewe and repeately yells, "Crewe! Crewe!" as Crewe continues to walk away. A moment before possibly being shot, Crewe bends over and picks up the game ball and begins to walk back towards Hazen. Realizing that he was ordered to shoot a man who was simply retrieving a ball, Knauer disgustedly looks at the warden and says, "Game ball". Crewe then arrives back to Hazen, hands him the game ball and tells him to "Stick this in your trophy case."'] ['Astronauts Taylor , Landon , Dodge  and Stewart  are in deep hibernation when their spaceship crash-lands in a lake on an unknown planet, after a 2006-year voyage at near-light speed . However, due to an air leak, Stewart\'s suspended animation equipment fails. The astronauts awaken to find her body desiccated and their ship sinking in the lake. They use an inflatable raft to reach shore. Before departing the ship, Taylor notes that the current year is AD 3978. Once ashore, Dodge performs a soil test and pronounces the soil incapable of sustaining life.  Despite this, as the three astronauts set off through a desert, they gradually encounter plant life. They find an oasis at the edge of the desert and decide to go swimming, ignoring strange and eerie scarecrow-like figures. While they are swimming, their clothes are stolen. Pursuing the thieves, the astronauts find their clothes in shreds, their supplies pillaged and the perpetrators &mdash; a group of mute, primitive humans that are dressed with torn brown clothes &mdash; contentedly raiding a cornfield. Suddenly, clothed gorillas on horseback charge through the cornfield, brandishing firearms, snares, and nets, which they use to capture whatever humans they can and kill those they cannot. While fleeing, Dodge is killed, Landon is knocked unconscious, and Taylor is shot in the throat. The gorillas take Taylor to Ape City, where his life is saved by two chimpanzee scientists, animal psychologist Zira  and surgeon Galen . Upon awakening, Taylor &mdash; now housed in a cage with a girl whom he later calls Nova ([[Linda Harrison  &mdash; discovers that his throat wound has rendered him mute. Taylor discovers that the apes, who can talk, are in control and are divided into a strict caste system: the gorillas as police, military, hunters and workers; the orangutans as administrators, politicians, lawyers and religious clerics; and the chimpanzees as intellectuals and scientists. Humans, who cannot talk, are considered feral vermin and are hunted for sport and either killed outright, enslaved for manual labor, or used for scientific experimentation. Animal psychologist Zira and her fiancé, Cornelius , an archaeologist, take an interest in Taylor. Taylor attempts to communicate by writing in the dirt, but his writings are hidden by the girl Nova and Cornelius\'s boss, an orangutan named Dr. Zaius ([[Maurice Evans . Eventually, Taylor steals paper from Zira and uses it to write messages to her. Zira and Cornelius become convinced that Taylor is intelligent, but upon learning of this, Zaius orders that Taylor be castrated. Taylor manages to escape and during his flight through Ape City he finds himself in a museum, where Dodge\'s corpse has been stuffed and put on display. Shortly thereafter, Taylor is recaptured by gorillas; finding that his throat has healed, he angrily addresses them, shouting "Take your stinking paws off me, you damn dirty ape!" Back in his cell, Taylor is separated from Nova and the warden Julius  sprays Taylor with water. The apes hold a tribunal to determine Taylor\'s origins run by the President of the Assembly , Dr. Zaius, and Dr. Maximus  with Dr. Honorious ([[James Daly  as the prosecution. Taylor tells of his two comrades and at this point the court produces Landon, who has been subjected to a lobotomy that has rendered him catatonic.  After the tribunal, Dr. Zaius privately threatens to lobotomize Taylor if he doesn\'t tell the truth about where he came from. With help from Zira\'s socially-rebellious nephew Lucius , Zira and Cornelius free Taylor and Nova, taking them to the Forbidden Zone, a region outside of Ape City subject to an ancient taboo that has remained quarantined for centuries. A year earlier, Cornelius led an expedition into the Forbidden Zone and found a cave containing artifacts of a previous non-simian civilization. The party then set out for the cave, to answer the questions Taylor has about the evolution of the ape world and to prove he is not of their world. Arriving at the cave, Cornelius is intercepted by Dr. Zaius and his soldiers. Zaius agrees to enter the cave, to disprove their theories and also to avoid any physical harm to Cornelius and Zira. Cornelius displays the remnants of a technologically advanced human society pre-dating simian history. Taylor identifies some of the more recent artifacts as dentures, a pair of prescription glasses, a heart valve and to the apes\' astonishment, a talking children\'s doll. Dr. Zaius admits that he has always known that human civilization existed long before apes ruled the planet. He explains that "the Forbidden Zone was once a paradise, [man] made a desert of it... ages ago!" Once Taylor and Nova have ridden away on horseback, Dr.\xa0Zaius has the gorillas lay explosives to seal off the cave and destroy the remaining evidence of the human society while having Zira, Cornelius and Lucius charged with heresy. Taylor and Nova follow the shoreline and eventually discover the charred remnants of the Statue of Liberty, thus revealing that this "alien" planet, that previously had a human civilization long before apes ruled, is actually post-apocalyptic Earth.'] ['Joe Turner  is a CIA employee  who works in a clandestine office in New York City. He reads books, newspapers, and magazines from around the world, looking for hidden meanings and new ideas. As part of his duties, Turner files a report to CIA headquarters on a low-quality thriller novel his office has been reading, pointing out strange plot elements therein, and the unusual assortment of languages into which the book has been translated. On the day in which Turner expects a response to his report, a group of armed men, led by an Alsatian assassin later identified as Joubert , executes the six people in the office. Turner escapes death because at the moment of the incursion, he was out of the office getting lunch. Realizing he is in danger when he returns to the office and discovers his coworkers\' bodies, Turner calls the CIA New York headquarters, and is given instructions to meet some agents who will take care of him. The meeting, however, is a trap, and Turner escapes an attempt to kill him. Needing a place to hide, Turner forces a woman, Kathy Hale , whom he sees randomly in a ski shop, to take him to her apartment in Brooklyn Heights. He holds her prisoner while he attempts to figure out what\'s going on. However, his hiding place is discovered. A hitman, disguised as a postman with a parcel that must be signed for, shows up at the apartment. Turner opens the door and a fight ensues. Turner kills the hitman. Realizing that he cannot trust anyone within the CIA, Turner begins to play a cat-and-mouse game with Higgins , the CIA deputy director of the New York division. With the help of Hale, Turner abducts Higgins, who reveals through questioning that the killer was a Frenchman named Joubert. Higgins discovers that the postman who attacked Turner in Hale\'s apartment was a former U.S. Marine Corps Gunnery Sergeant and CIA operative who had collaborated with Joubert on a previous operation. The mastermind of that operation, however, is revealed to be Leonard Atwood , the CIA Deputy Director of Operations and Higgins\' superior. Meanwhile, using material he found on the fake postman\'s body, Turner finds where Joubert is staying, then uses his skills as a former telephone lineman to trace a call Joubert makes from his hotel room. He then finds the name and address of the person Joubert called: Atwood. Turner confronts Atwood at his home late at night and questions him at gunpoint. Turner learns that the report he had filed had uncovered a secret plan to take over Middle East oilfields, setting in motion the killing of all the members in his section. Joubert surprises them, takes away Turner\'s pistol, and unexpectedly kills Atwood. The contract has now changed: even though Atwood had hired Joubert to terminate Turner before, Atwood\'s superiors have now hired Joubert to terminate Atwood. Turner is dumbfounded, realizing that Joubert and he are on the same side, working once again for the CIA. Joubert is disarmingly courteous, suggesting that Turner leave the country, even become an assassin himself since Turner had shown such resourcefulness in staying alive. Turner rejects the suggestions, but seems to take seriously Joubert\'s warning that the CIA will still try to kill him. Joubert even muses aloud on how Turner\'s killing would likely be carried out. Turner goes back to New York City and meets Higgins on a busy street. Higgins defends the oil-fields plan, claiming that there will be a day in which oil shortages will cause a major economic crisis for the country. And when that day comes, Americans will want the government to use any means necessary to obtain the oil. Turner says he has told the press "a story" , but Higgins questions Turner\'s assurances that the story will be printed. After a brief dialogue, an anxious Turner glances at Higgins and The New York Times office, then hastily walks away. The final shot is a freeze frame of Turner passing behind a Salvation Army band singing Christmas carols while looking over his shoulder back at Higgins.'] ["Around the beginning of the twentieth century, a gambler named John McCabe arrives in the town of Presbyterian Church , in the northwest United States. He quickly takes a dominant position over the town's simple-minded and lethargic miners, thanks to his aggressive personality and rumors that he is a gunfighter. As the town becomes richer and more successful, a pair of agents from the Harrison Shaughnessy mining company in Bearpaw arrive to buy out McCabe's business as well as the surrounding zinc mines. Shaughnessy is notorious for having people killed when they refuse to sell. McCabe doesn't want to sell at their initial price, but he overplays his hand in the negotiations in spite of Mrs. Miller's warnings that he is underestimating the violence that will ensue if they don't take the money."] ['The story follows con man Moze Pray  and young Addie Loggins , an orphan, beginning at Addie\'s mother\'s burial. Because Moze once had an affair with her mother , there is speculation that he is Addie\'s father, which he denies. Moze is reluctantly persuaded to deliver Addie to her aunt\'s home. With Addie in tow, Moze stops at a local grain mill and convinces the brother of the man who drove his car into a tree, killing Addie\'s mother, into giving him two hundred dollars for the now-orphaned Addie. Addie overhears this conversation and later demands the money. Because he spent nearly half of the money on car repairs, Moze agrees to travel with Addie until he has raised two hundred dollars to give to her. Addie soon learns how Moze makes his money: he visits recently widowed women, pretending he is a Bible salesman who recently sold an expensive, personalized Bible to the deceased husband. The widows usually overpay him for the books inscribed with their names. Addie joins in the scam, pretending she is his daughter, and exhibits a talent for larceny. As time passes, Moze and Addie become a formidable team and seem to forget about Addie joining her aunt. One night, Moze and Addie stop at a local carnival, where Addie visits a photo booth and has her photograph taken sitting on a crescent moon and Moze becomes enthralled with an "exotic dancer" named Miss Trixie Delight , who is accompanied by her downtrodden, 15-year-old African American maid, Imogene . Although Addie becomes friends with Imogene, she becomes jealous of how Moze begins to focus more and more of his attention on the gold-digging Miss Trixie. When Addie subsequently discovers that Moze has spent all of their money on a new car to impress Miss Trixie, she quickly devises a plan to get rid of her, which includes giving Imogene enough money to get back home to her mother. An elaborate series of maneuvers on Addie\'s and Imogene\'s part results in Moze catching Miss Trixie in bed with another man. Devastated, Moze leaves Miss Trixie and Imogene behind. At a hotel, Moze is able to find a bootlegger\'s store of whiskey, steals some of it, and sells it back to the bootlegger. Unfortunately, the bootlegger\'s brother is the sheriff, who quickly arrests Moze and Addie. Addie hides their money, steals back the key to their car, and the pair escape, trading their car for a farm truck after Moze beats Leroy  in a \'wrasslin\' match. The pair then makes their way across the state line to Missouri, where the Kansas law can\'t follow them. The sheriff finds them in Missouri, and unable to arrest Moze, he and his cohorts chase, beat and rob him. Humiliated, Moze drops Addie at her aunt\'s house. Back on the road, Moze stops to let his overheating truck cool down. He discovers the photo of Addie, sitting in a quarter moon, that she left for him on the passenger seat. As he contemplates the photo, he glances into the rear-view mirror and sees a small figure running toward the stopped truck. It is Addie; she has fled her aunt\'s house and hopes to rejoin Moze. Angry, Moze tells Addie that he does not want her traveling with him anymore. She matter-of-factly reminds him that he still owes her two hundred dollars, and they drive off together.'] ['{{Expand section}} Three sisters, Renata , Flyn , and Joey  live through the painful separation of their parents. Their father, Arthur , parts from their controlling and mentally unstable but artistically inclined mother, Eve , going on to marry a more "normal" but plainer woman Pearl . The evening after Arthur marries Pearl, Eve commits suicide by walking into the ocean. The film ends with Eve\'s funeral.'] ['First-time crook Sonny , his friend Sal , and a second accomplice attempt to rob the fictitious First Brooklyn Savings Bank. The plan immediately goes awry when the second accomplice loses his nerve shortly after Sal pulls out his gun, and Sonny is forced to let him flee the scene. In the vault, Sonny discovers that he and Sal have arrived after the daily cash pickup, and only $1,100 in cash remains in the bank. To compensate, Sonny takes a number of traveller\'s cheques, but his attempt to prevent the cheques from being traced by burning the bank\'s register in a trash can causes smoke to billow out the side of the building, alerting the business across the street to suspicious activities. Within minutes, the building is surrounded by the police. Unsure of what to do, the two robbers camp out in the bank, holding all the workers hostage. Police Detective Sergeant Eugene Moretti  calls the bank to tell Sonny that the police have arrived. Sonny warns that he and Sal have hostages and will kill them if anyone tries to come into the bank. Sal tells Sonny that he is ready to kill the hostages if necessary. Detective Moretti acts as hostage negotiator, while FBI Agent Sheldon monitors his actions. Howard, the security guard has an asthma attack, so Sonny releases him when Moretti asks for a hostage as a sign of good faith. Moretti convinces Sonny to step outside the bank to see how aggressive the police forces are. Using head teller Sylvia  as a shield, Sonny exits the bank, and begins a dialogue with Moretti that culminates in his shouting "Attica! Attica!" , and the civilian crowd starts cheering for Sonny. After realizing they cannot make a simple getaway, Sonny demands that a helicopter be landed on the roof to fly him and Sal out of the country. When they\'re informed that the asphalt roof of the bank will not support a helicopter, Sonny demands that a vehicle drive him and Sal to an airport so that they can board a jet. He also demands pizzas for the hostages  and that his wife be brought to the bank. When Sonny\'s wife, Leon Shermer , a pre-operative transsexual, arrives, he reveals to the crowd and officials one of Sonny\'s reasons for robbing the bank is to pay for Leon\'s sex reassignment surgery, and that Sonny also has a legal wife, Angie , and children. As night sets in, the lights in the bank all shut off. Sonny goes outside again and discovers that Agent Sheldon has taken command of the scene. He refuses to give Sonny any more favors, but when the bank manager, Mulvaney , goes into a diabetic shock, Agent Sheldon lets a doctor through. While the doctor is inside the bank, Sheldon convinces Leon to talk to Sonny on the phone. The two have a lengthy conversation that reveals Leon had attempted suicide to "get away from" Sonny. He had been hospitalized at the psychiatric ward of Bellevue Hospital until the police brought him to the scene. Leon turns down Sonny\'s offer to join him and Sal to wherever they take the plane. Sonny tells police listening to the phone call that Leon had nothing to do with the robbery attempt. After the phone call, the doctor asks Sonny to let Mulvaney leave and Sonny agrees. Mulvaney refuses, instead insisting he remain with his employees. The FBI calls Sonny out of the bank again. They have brought his mother to the scene. She unsuccessfully tries to persuade him to give himself up and Agent Sheldon signals that a limousine will arrive in ten minutes to take them to a waiting jet. Once back inside the bank, Sonny writes out his will, leaving money from his life insurance to Leon for his sex change and to his wife Angie. When the limousine arrives, Sonny checks it for any hidden weapons or booby traps. When he decides the car is satisfactory, he settles on Agent Murphy to drive Sonny, Sal, and the remaining hostages to Kennedy Airport. Per Sonny\'s earlier agreement, an additional hostage, Edna  is released, and the remaining hostages get into the limousine with Sonny and Sal. Sonny sits in the front next to Murphy while Sal sits behind them. Murphy repeatedly asks Sal to point his gun at the roof so Sal won\'t accidentally shoot him. As they wait on the airport tarmac for the plane to taxi into position, he again reminds Sal to aim his gun up so he doesn\'t fire by accident. Sal does so, Agent Sheldon forces Sonny\'s weapon onto the dashboard, creating a distraction which allows Murphy to pull a revolver hidden in his armrest and shoot Sal in the head. Sonny is immediately arrested and the hostages are all escorted to the terminal. The film ends with Sonny watching Sal\'s body being taken from the car on a stretcher. Subtitles reveal that Sonny was sentenced to 20 years in prison; Angie and her children subsisted on welfare; and Leon had sex reassignment surgery.'] ['In the spring of 1968 in California, Sally , a loyal and conservative military wife, is married to Bob Hyde , a Captain in the United States Marine Corps who is sent over to Vietnam. As a dedicated military officer, Bob sees it primarily as an opportunity for progress. At first, Sally dreads being left alone, but after a while she feels liberated. Forced to find housing off the base she moves into a new apartment by the beach and buys a sports car. With nothing else to do, she decides to volunteer at a local veteran\'s hospital. This, in part, is motivated by her bohemian friend Vi Munson, whose brother Billy has come home after just two weeks in Vietnam with grave emotional problems and now resides in the VA hospital. At the hospital, Sally meets Luke Martin , a former classmate. Like his friend Bill , Luke had gone to Vietnam but came back wounded. He is recuperating at the hospital from the injuries he sustained in the Vietnam War and which left him a paraplegic. Filled with pain, anger, and frustration, Luke is now opposed to the war. Luke at first is a bitter young man, but as he is increasingly thrown into contact with Sally, a relationship starts to develop. Eventually, Luke is released from the hospital, and, newly mobile with his own wheelchair, begins to rebuild his life. His relationship with Sally deepens. She is also transformed by him and her outlook on life starts to change. They have happy times, play at the beach, and the two fall in love. Meanwhile Billy, traumatized by his experiences at war, commits suicide by injecting air into his veins. After Billy’s suicide, Luke has only one obsession: do anything to stop sending young men off to war. Sally and Luke eventually make love, confronting his handicap. It is the first time Sally has had an orgasm. However, she remains loyal to her husband, and both she and Luke know their relationship will have to end when her husband returns home. Bob does return, too soon, having accidentally wounded himself in a leg. He is also suffering from post traumatic stress disorder from what he has seen in combat. Bob then discovers Sally’s affair from Army Intelligence; and both Sally and Luke agree that Sally should try to patch things up with Bob. Bob loses control; menacingly confronting the lovers, but ultimately turns away. The film ends with Bob swimming out into the ocean in utter despair, presumably to kill himself. As Sally enters the supermarket at the end, the two doors close behind her, accidentally forming the symbolic phrase "Lucky Out". She and Luke are now free to pursue their romance.'] ["Elgar Enders , a man who lives off his parents' wealth, buys himself an inner-city tenement, in the transitional neighborhood of 1970 Park Slope, Brooklyn, planning to evict all the occupants and construct a luxury home for himself. However, once he ventures into the tenement, he gradually grows fond of the low-income black residents who dwell there. Enders decides to remain as the landlord, and help fix the apartment building. He rebels against his WASP upbringing, and to his parents' dismay, he romances two black women, Lanie and Fanny, . Elgar falls for Lanie, a dancer at a local black club. Lanie is a beautiful black woman who has a mother of Irish descent, and a father of African descent, thus she has light skin and features, and has experienced colorism because of it. Their relationship is strained, as Elgar has an affair with one of his tenants, Fanny, and gets her pregnant. Consequently, her boyfriend Copee, a black activist with an identity crisis, is enraged when he finds out about the pregnancy, and tries to kill Elgar with an axe. He ultimately stops. The Enders family is shaken and stirred by their son's decisions and behavior, but reluctantly accepts him. Ultimately, Fanny disowns the illegitimate, Caucasian looking child and gives him to Elgar. The story ends with Elgar taking custody of his love child, mending his relationship with his girlfriend Lanie, and moving in with her."] ["In May 1969, Lou Jean Poplin assists her husband Clovis Michael Poplin to escape from the Beauford H. Jester Prison Farm in Texas, because she fears their son will be placed in the care of foster parents. During their flight, they overpower and kidnap Texas Department of Public Safety Patrolman Maxwell Slide, holding him hostage in a slow-moving caravan, along with reporters in news vans and helicopters. The Poplins and Slide travel through Beaumont, Dayton, Houston, Cleveland, Conroe and finally Wheelock, Texas. The Poplins bring Slide to the home of the foster parents, where they encounter numerous officers. An FBI agent and county sheriff shoots and kills Clovis, and later arrests Lou Jean. Patrolman Slide is found unharmed. Lou Jean spends fifteen months on a five year prison term in a women's correctional facility. Film characters Lou Jean Poplin and Clovis Michael Poplin are based on the lives of Ila Fae Holiday and Robert Dent, respectively. The character Patrolman Slide is based on Trooper J. Kenneth Crone."] ['Thomas "Babe" Levy  is a history Ph.D. candidate and avid runner researching the same field as his father, who committed suicide after being investigated during the Joseph McCarthy era. Babe\'s brother, Henry , known as "Doc", poses as an oil company executive but is actually a government agent working for a secret agency headed by Peter Janeway . When the brother of a Nazi war criminal is killed in a traffic accident, Doc suspects that the criminal, Dr. Christian Szell , will come to New York to retrieve a valuable diamond collection. Doc comes to New York under the guise of a visit to Babe. Meanwhile, Babe and his new girlfriend, Elsa Opel , who claims to be from Switzerland, are mugged by two men dressed in suits. When Doc takes Babe and Elsa to lunch, he tricks Elsa into revealing that she has been lying to Babe about her background. Though Doc suspects she may be connected to Szell, he tells Babe that she is seeking an American husband so that she can become a U.S. citizen. After Szell arrives in America, Doc confronts him stating he is not welcome in the country. Szell accepts the pronouncement, but then stabs Doc with a blade concealed in his sleeve. Doc makes it back to Babe\'s apartment and dies. The police interrogate Babe until government agents led by Janeway arrive. Janeway asks Babe what Doc told him before he died, and tells Babe that his brother was a U.S. government agent. Babe insists that his brother did not tell him anything, but Janeway is convinced Doc would not have struggled all the way to Babe\'s apartment without giving him vital information. Babe is later abducted from his apartment by the two men who mugged him in the park, and he is tortured by Szell. During his torture, Babe is repeatedly asked "Is it safe?" but continues to deny any knowledge. Babe is then rescued by Janeway, who explains that Szell is in America to sell off a large cache of diamonds which he had taken from Jews killed at Auschwitz. Janeway presses Babe about Doc\'s dying words, but Babe still insists he knows nothing. Frustrated, Janeway reveals himself as a double agent and returns Babe to Szell. Still unable to extract anything from Babe, Szell drills into one of his healthy teeth. Babe eventually escapes, aided by his skills as a marathon runner. Babe phones Elsa, who agrees to meet him with a car. Arriving at a country home, Babe guesses that Elsa has set him up, forcing her to confess that the home was owned by Szell\'s deceased brother. Janeway and Szell\'s men arrive, but Babe takes Elsa hostage. Janeway kills Szell\'s men and offers to let Babe kill Szell in revenge for Doc\'s death if Janeway can have the diamonds. Babe agrees, but as he leaves, Janeway tries to shoot Babe, but kills Elsa instead. Babe then shoots Janeway. Attempting to determine the value of his diamonds, Szell visits an appraiser in the Diamond District in midtown Manhattan. A shop assistant who is a Holocaust survivor believes he recognizes Szell as a war criminal. After Szell hurriedly leaves the shop, an elderly Jewish woman also recognizes him. Trying to cross the street to get closer to Szell, the woman is hit by a taxi, causing a crowd to assemble to aid her. Amidst the confusion, the shop assistant appears again, directly confronting Szell, who slits the man\'s throat. Szell retrieves his diamonds but, as he attempts to leave, Babe forces him at gunpoint into Central Park. Babe tells Szell he can keep as many diamonds as he can swallow. Szell initially refuses, and Babe begins throwing the diamonds into the water. Szell relents and swallows one diamond, but then refuses to cooperate further. Babe throws the rest of the diamonds down the steps towards the water; Szell dives for them, but stumbles, and falls on his own knife blade. Babe heads out into Central Park, stopping to throw his gun into the reservoir.'] ['The film begins with a shot at a loading dock in Cleveland, Ohio in 1937. The supervisor is Mr. Gant, who welcomes a new worker, Lincoln Dombrowsky . Gant tells him the job requirements and pay rules. He\'ll be paid for working 8 hours and if he has to work overtime, he still gets paid only for 8 hours. If he drops any of the merchandise, the cost comes directly out of his pay. These are examples of unfair working practices faced by the laborers. Later Dombrowsky drops a few carts of tomatoes, which is taken out of his pay; another worker is fired for helping him pick it up. Johnny Kovak , another worker resentful of mistreatment, leads a riot. Afterward, the workers go to the office of Boss Andrews. Kovak believes he negotiates a deal for the workers, but the next day he and his friend Abe Belkin  are told they are fired. While commiserating in bars, Kovak and Belkin are approached by Mike Monahan, who saw Kovak\'s leadership. He offers them positions in the Federation of Interstate Truckers . They will be paid according to how many members they can recruit, and they reluctantly join. Given a car for recruiting, Kovak tries to meet a woman, Anna Zarinka . They begin to see each other. At the same time, he starts to gain some members, which attracts attention from business owners. They offer him a deal to join them and be a voice in helping bring more workers to trucking. After rejecting the offer, Kovak is physically attacked. He continues to work on union recruiting. Another leader of F.I.S.T., Max Graham , is known by many workers as a hothead. He and Kovak compete for superiority. Soon Monahan, Kovak and Abe begin working to get the F.I.S.T. members at Consolidated Trucking covered by a labor agreement. When management refuses to deal with them, the F.I.S.T. workers strike. They set up camp outside Consolidated Trucking\'s gates, but are pushed out by strikebreakers and hired security. Monahan tries to ram the gates in a truck, but is shot and killed. At his funeral, Kovak decides to "get some muscle" and accepts help from Vince Doyle ([[Kevin Conway , a local gangster. Doyle\'s men attack trucks trying to make deliveries. Local mobsters and the members of F.I.S.T. join forces to storm the gates of Consolidated Trucking. In the end the President of Consolidated Trucking signs a labor agreement. After the strike, Kovak and Abe travel throughout the Midwest to recruit more workers. Kovak becomes wealthier and marries Anna. A new crime figure, Babe Milano , comes on the scene and wants some piece of the action. Kovak meets Milano with Doyle and, although reluctant to involve him in his business, decides it will be best for now. Twenty years later, F.I.S.T. has become a large and important union, with about two million members and a fancy headquarters. When Kovak visits Max Graham at the headquarters, he is displeased to see how luxurious the building and Graham\'s offices are. Located on the west coast, Belkin is still important in the union. As Kovak visits with Belkin, the latter tells him that Graham has made money unethically off the union. In his investigation, Kovak finds that Graham used his influence to steer union businesses and funds to shell companies owned by him or his wife. The violent ways of the union are shown by a physical assault against the wife of a trucking company owner who resisted union organizing of his workers. At the F.I.S.T. convention, a new union president is to be elected, with Graham a strong favorite. At a private meeting, Kovak tells Belkin of Graham\'s criminal deeds. Belkin encourages turning the man in to the authorities. Disagreeing, Kovak is worried about the effects of a scandal on the union, which he wants to protect. Meeting with Graham, Kovak confronts him and suggests he quit his run for union president to support Kovak. Elected president of F.I.S.T., Kovak is investigated by Senator Madison , who suspects the labor leader of ties with the Mafia. When Belkin visits Kovak again, he urges the president to cut off Milano and make the union "clean again". Kovak ignores his request. Doyle later tells Kovak that Belkin will testify against him, Milano and everyone else, but Kovak insists that Abe be protected. Called in to testify in a hearing led by Senator Madison, Kovak is told that Abe Belkin has been killed and the senator believes Kovak is responsible. Shocked, Kovak has an emotional outburst and storms out of the hearing. That night when he returns home, he finds Anna and his children are missing. He gets his pistol but is shot and killed in the house by Milano\'s men. They feared that Kovak would cut the mob out and testify against Milano. The movie ends with a shot of a bumper sticker on a truck, which reads, "Where\'s Johnny?"'] ['At an archaeological dig in Northern Iraq, archaeologist Father Lankester Merrin  visits a site where a silver Roman Catholic medallion along with a small stone amulet resembling a grimacing, bestial creature are found buried together. Meanwhile, Father Damien Karras ([[Jason Miller , a young priest at Georgetown University in Washington, DC, begins to doubt his faith while dealing with his mother\'s illness. A friend, Father Joe Dyer , tries to advise and console him. While making a film near her temporary residence in Georgetown, actress Chris MacNeil  notices dramatic and dangerous changes in the behavior of her 12-year-old daughter, Regan . Chris initially believes Regan\'s changes are related to puberty; however, doctors suspect a lesion on her temporal lobe. Regan endures a series of unpleasant medical tests. When X-rays show nothing out of the ordinary, a doctor advises that Regan be taken to a psychiatrist, whom she assaults. Paranormal occurrences continue, including a violently shaking bed, strange noises, and unexplained movements. A film director, Burke Dennings , visiting the MacNeil home, dies violently, found at the bottom of steps that run the full length of the house. Lieutenant Kinderman  investigates, and informs Karras that Dennings\' head was found completely twisted around his shoulders. He also speaks with Chris and promises to return when Regan is feeling better. Just after Kinderman leaves, Chris is brutally attacked by her daughter, leaving her with facial bruises. When all medical explanations are exhausted, doctors recommend an exorcism. In desperation, Chris consults Karras, who is both a priest and a psychiatrist. During a period in which Karras observes Regan, she constantly refers to herself as the Devil. Karras initially believes her to be merely suffering from psychosis, until he records her speaking in a strange language which turns out to be English spoken backwards, and he is later shown Regan\'s abdomen where the words "help me" rise in relief in the form of Regan\'s handwriting. Despite his doubts, Karras decides to request permission from the Church to conduct an exorcism. Merrin, an experienced exorcist, is summoned to Georgetown to perform the exorcism, with Karras assisting. He and Karras try to drive the spirit from Regan. The demon threatens and taunts both priests, both physically and verbally . Merrin requests that he and Karras take a break, whereby he administers to himself the viaticum, a sign of his impending doom at the hands of the demon. Merrin excuses the younger priest and begins the exorcism, once more on his own. Karras returns to find Merrin has suffered a fatal heart attack. He attempts to perform CPR to no avail, but Regan is proud of it. Karras strikes and chokes her, challenging the demon to leave Regan and enter him. The demon does so, whereupon the priest regains enough control and throws himself through Regan\'s bedroom window and falls down the steps outside. At the bottom, a devastated Father Dyer administers last rites as Karras dies. Regan is restored to health and does not appear to remember her ordeal. Chris and Regan leave Georgetown and their trauma behind. They return Karras\' silver medallion to Dyer, who takes one final look down the steps behind the house and departs.'] ['Walker  works together with his friend Mal Reese  to steal a large amount of cash from a courier transporting funds for a major gambling operation, with the deserted Alcatraz island as a drop point. Reese then double-crosses Walker by shooting him, leaving him for dead. Reese also makes off with Walker\'s wife Lynne . Walker recovers. With assistance from the mysterious Yost , who seems to know everything about everybody, Walker sets out to find Reese, take his revenge and recover the $93,000 he is owed. Reese used all of the money from the job to pay back a debt to a crime syndicate called "The Organization" and get back in its good graces. With memories of happy times together, Walker goes to Los Angeles to pay back his wife and his best friend for their treachery. He bursts in on Lynne and riddles her bed with bullets, just in case Reese is in it. A distraught Lynne tells him she no longer wants to live, then takes an overdose of pills. Walker is told that a car dealer named Stegman  might know where Reese can be found. He takes Stegman for a wild ride in one of his new cars, smashing the car and terrorizing him until Stegman reveals where Reese is living. He is told that Reese has now taken up with Walker\'s sister-in-law, Chris. Breaking in on Chris , he learns that she actually despises Reese and had considered Walker the best thing ever to happen to her sister. Willing to help in any way, Chris agrees to a sexual tryst with Reese inside his heavily guarded penthouse apartment just so she can gain access and unbolt a door for Walker. Walker ties up some men in an apartment across from the penthouse and has a call made to police to report a robbery, creating a diversion that enables him to slip into the penthouse. With a gun to Reese\'s head, Walker persuades him to give up the names of his organization superiors – Carter, Brewster and Fairfax – so that he can make somebody pay back his $93,000. He then forces a naked Reese off the balcony and watches him plunge to his death. After next confronting Carter  for his money, Walker is set up. A hit man  with a high-powered rifle is assigned to kill him at a money drop in a storm-drain river bed. Walker sees to it that Carter and Stegman are the ones who get shot. Yost takes him to a home belonging to Brewster . Walker visits Chris in her apartment, which has been trashed by the organization. He takes her to the home belonging to Brewster. Walker waits for Brewster to return there. Chris makes love with Walker after first fighting with him. The following morning, Brewster comes home and is ambushed by Walker, who demands his money. Brewster insists that no one will pay. Walker says that if Brewster won\'t pay, he will kill him and try Fairfax next. Brewster explains that he is about to have Fairfax eliminated in order to take his place, and that he will get Walker the money after all. They return to Alcatraz, which is still a drop. Brewster brings a case in which he claims to have the money. Walker doesn\'t trust him and refuses to show himself. The hit man is also in the darkness with his rifle. Brewster is shot. It is Yost who emerges from the shadows, whereupon Brewster calls out to Walker: "This is Fairfax! Kill him!" Yost/Fairfax thanks Walker – still hiding in the darkness – for eliminating his dangerous underlings and offers him an enforcer job, claiming he has looked for a man like him for years. Walker remains silent and does not bother collecting the money.'] ['In the middle of the Great Depression, Clyde Barrow  and Bonnie Parker  meet when Clyde tries to steal Bonnie\'s mother\'s car. Bonnie, who is bored by her job as a waitress, is intrigued with Clyde, and decides to take up with him and become his partner in crime. They pull off some holdups, but their amateur efforts, while exciting, are not very lucrative. The duo\'s crime spree shifts into high gear once they hook up with a dim-witted gas station attendant, C.W. Moss , then with Clyde\'s older brother Buck  and his wife, Blanche , a preacher\'s daughter. The women dislike each other on first sight, and their feud only escalates from there: shrill Blanche has nothing but disdain for Bonnie, Clyde and C.W., while gun-moll Bonnie sees Blanche\'s flighty presence as a constant danger to the gang\'s well-being. Bonnie and Clyde turn from pulling small-time heists to robbing banks. Their exploits also become more violent. When C.W. botches a bank robbery by parallel parking the getaway car, Clyde shoots the bank manager in the face after he jumps onto the slow-moving car\'s running board. The gang is pursued by law enforcement, including Texas Ranger Frank Hamer , who is captured and humiliated by the outlaws, then set free. A raid later catches the outlaws off guard, mortally wounding Buck with a gruesome shot to his head and injuring Blanche. Bonnie, Clyde and C.W. barely escape with their lives. With Blanche sightless and in police custody, Hamer tricks her into revealing C.W.\'s name, who was up until now still only an "unidentified suspect." Hamer locates Bonnie, Clyde and C.W. hiding at the house of C.W.\'s father Ivan Moss , who thinks the couple — and an ornate tattoo — have corrupted his son. He strikes a bargain with Hamer: in exchange for leniency for the boy, he helps set a trap for the outlaws. When Bonnie and Clyde stop on the side of the road to help Mr. Moss fix a flat tire, the police in the bushes open fire and riddle them violently. Hamer and his posse then come out of hiding, looking pensively at the couple\'s bodies.'] ["The film opens with the ending of its predecessor, Rocky, with Apollo Creed  successfully defending his world heavyweight title courtesy of a split decision. Both fighters are taken to the same hospital due to the extent of their injuries from the match, where Apollo challenges Rocky  to a rematch in front of press. Rocky declines and declares his retirement, his decision supported by his girlfriend, Adrian , and doctors, who reveal he will require surgery for a detached retina which could lead to permanent blindness. After Rocky is discharged from the hospital, he begins to enjoy the benefits of his life's changes resulting from the match: Rocky's new fame attracts him an agent who sees Rocky as a potential endorsement and sponsorship goldmine and his sudden wealth encourages him to propose to Adrian. She happily accepts and they marry in a small ceremony. Soon after, Rocky and Adrian happily learn that Adrian is pregnant with their first child. Meanwhile, fueled by hate mail he has started to receive, Apollo becomes obsessed with the idea that a rematch is the only way to prove that Rocky's performance was simply a fluke. Determined to rectify his boxing career's only blemish, Apollo ignores all pleas by his friends and family to move on to other potential opponents and demands his team do whatever necessary to goad Rocky out of retirement and into a rematch. Rocky at first seems unaffected by Apollo's smear campaign, but his inexperience with money causes him to run into financial problems. After largely unsuccessful attempts to find employment, Rocky visits Mickey Goldmill , his trainer, at his gym to talk about the possibility of returning to the ring. At first, Mickey refuses, worried about Rocky's health, but changes his mind after Apollo publicly insults Rocky on television. News of the rematch quickly spreads with Adrian hearing about it through the news. She confronts Rocky about it and reminds him of the risk to his eyesight. Rocky argues he knows nothing else so this is the only way he can provide. Adrian, angry at Rocky for breaking his promise, refuses to support him. Rocky and Mickey begin training, but it soon becomes apparent Rocky is lacking motivation. Adrian's brother, Paulie , confronts his sister about not supporting her husband, but she faints during the confrontation and is rushed to the hospital where she goes into labor. Despite being premature, the baby is healthy but Adrian falls into a coma. Rocky blames himself for what has happened and refuses to leave Adrian's bedside until she wakes up, and will not go to see his new baby until they can see it together. When Adrian comes out of her coma, she finds Rocky by her bedside and the couple are shown their new baby, a boy, which they name after Rocky. Adrian gives her blessing to the rematch which enables Rocky to refocus on his training and he quickly gets into shape for the fight. The night of the fight arrives and Apollo has made a public goal of beating Rocky in no more than two rounds to prove the first fight going the full 15 rounds was a fluke. Rocky is not able to mount much of an offensive effort through the first two rounds but manages to survive them disproving Apollo's theory that the first fight's result was a fluke. As before, the fight once again reaches the 15th round, by which point Apollo has built a lead on points that Rocky cannot possibly beat. However, Apollo's obsession with knocking Rocky out  leads him to trade blows with Rocky despite his lead. Rocky lands a devastating blow on Apollo that knocks the champ down, but an exhausted Rocky loses his balance and falls to the canvas as well. Rocky manages to stand up before the referee counts to ten, while Apollo is counted out. Rocky thus wins the fight by knockout and becomes the heavyweight champion of the world. In his post-fight announcement Rocky, who has won back the respect of his fans and his wife Adrian, humbly thanks Apollo."] ["A cynical and gothic look at Hollywood during the late 1930s, Day of the Locust tells the tales of residents of the dilapidated San Bernardino Arms: Faye Greener, a trashy aspiring actress with limited talent, and her father Harry, a washed-up vaudevillian reduced to working as a door-to-door salesman; sexually repressed accountant Homer Simpson, who desperately loves Faye, and East Coast WASP Tod Hackett, an aspiring artist employed by the production department of a major studio, who also fancies Faye. There are unusual and bizarrely disturbing images: a middle-aged man sits in an untended garden staring at a large lizard that stares back; a young woman is transported into the film she's watching and finds herself portraying a harem girl in old Baghdad; a dwarf tenderly caresses a rooster, bleeding and dazed from a cock-fight,and then tosses it back into the ring to its death; an androgynous child beckons to a man through a window and performs a grotesque imitation of Mae West. These brief vignettes do little to advance the basic plot, but they serve to shape the audience's understanding of the era depicted as one of Hollywood sleaziness and wholesale alienation. Spectacle fills the screen—a set of the Waterloo battlefield collapses on the extras during the making of the film within the film. In the film's climax, an enraged Homer brutally tramples a child near a Grauman's Chinese Theater as crowds gather for the premiere of a new film. Seeing this, the enraged crowd swarms over and kills Homer. Almost immediately, the entire crowd is driven to riot, turning on itself, smashing store windows, overturning cars, trampling each other to death and turning the already packed street into a war zone. Severely injured, a delirious Tod imagines some of the mob take on the appearance of the characters in his own grotesque painting The Burning of Los Angeles."] ["Joe Pendleton , a backup quarterback for the American football team Los Angeles Rams, is looking forward to leading his team to the Super Bowl. He is riding a bicycle through the Mulholland Drive tunnel under Sepulveda Boulevard in Los Angeles when he collides with a truck. An over-anxious guardian angel  on his first assignment plucks Joe out of his body early in the mistaken belief that his death is imminent, and Pendleton arrives in the afterlife. Once there, he refuses to believe that his time was up, and upon investigation, the mysterious Mr. Jordan  discovers that he is right; he was not destined to die until much later. Unfortunately, his body has already been cremated, so a new body must be found. After rejecting several possibilities , Joe is finally persuaded to accept the body of millionaire industrialist Leo Farnsworth. Farnsworth has just been drugged and drowned in his bathtub by his wife Julia  and her lover, Farnsworth's personal secretary, Tony Abbott . Julia and Tony are naturally confused when Farnsworth reappears, alive and well. Leo Farnsworth buys the Los Angeles Rams in order to lead them to the Super Bowl as their quarterback. In order to succeed, he must first convince, and then secure the aid of, long-time friend and trainer Max Corkle  to get his new body into shape. At the same time, he falls in love with an environmental activist, Betty Logan , who disapproves of Farnsworth's policies and actions. As the film's plotline heads toward the Super Bowl, the characters all face a crisis. Julia and Abbott continue their murderous plans, and Abbott shoots Farnsworth dead. The Rams are forced to start another quarterback, Thomas Jarrett, in the climactic football game. After a brutal hit on the field, Jarrett is himself killed. With Mr. Jordan's help, Joe then occupies his final body, that of Jarrett. Joe, in Jarrett's body, is shown leading the Rams to victory. During the team's post-game victory celebration, Mr. Jordan removes Joe's memory of his past life and departs. Joe becomes Thomas Jarrett and the cosmic balance is restored; the winning quarterback, Jarrett, is shown meeting Betty after the celebrations have ended, and as the film ends it is strongly implied that they are falling in love as a result of a mutual sense of déjà vu."] ['Henri "Papillon" Charrière , a petty criminal, is unjustly convicted of murder  in 1930s France. He is sentenced to life imprisonment in the notorious French penal colony on Devil\'s Island, off the coast of French Guiana. En route he meets a fellow convict, Louis Dega , a forger and embezzler who is convinced that his wife will secure his release. Dega hires Papillon as his bodyguard, but the two eventually develop a friendship. After defending Dega against a sadistic guard, Papillon is sentenced to solitary confinement. In gratitude, Dega smuggles extra food to Papillon. When the food smuggling is discovered, prison guards cut Papillon\'s food rations in half with the expectation that hunger will force him to reveal the name of his benefactor. Though emaciated and half-insane, and reduced to eating insects to survive, Papillon refuses to snitch on Dega and is released from solitary confinement after two years, including six months in total darkness and on half rations. Reunited with Dega, they soon begin planning their escape. While recovering in the infirmary, Papillon meets a homosexual orderly named André Maturette  who insists on joining their escape plot to avoid sexual assault by a lecherous guard. The prisoners bribe a guard who promises to give them a boat, but Dega breaks his ankle during the escape. After paying the guard and tramping into the jungle, they discover that the boat is unseaworthy. A local trapper, who is disgusted that the guard has repeatedly cheated prisoners after taking their cash, kills the guard and refers Papillon to a nearby leper colony where they obtain supplies and a boat. After reaching the mainland, the trio are accosted by a group of soldiers. The soldiers open fire and Dega, still crippled by his broken ankle, urges Papillon and Maturette to flee. After evading the soldiers, Papillon lives for a long period with a native tribe before attempting to reenter society. At a police checkpoint, Papillon pays a nun to join her entourage and goes with her to a convent. Admitting he is an escapee but stressing that he is not a murderer, Papillon asks the Mother Superior for refuge, but she turns him over to the authorities. As punishment for his escape Papillon spends five years in solitary confinement and, now gray-haired, is released just in time to see a dying Maturette. While Papillon still yearns for freedom, his friend Dega\'s spirit has been broken, in part because he\'s learned his wife has divorced him and married his defense attorney. From a high cliff, Papillon observes that every seventh wave that comes into a small harbor rebounds from the rocks and is powerful enough to carry him out to sea. Manufacturing two floats, he tries, unsuccessfully, to persuade Dega to come with him. After embracing Dega, Papillon leaps from the cliff and, grasping his float, is carried into the sea. A narrator states that Papillon lived the rest of his life in freedom, and outlived the prison. The prison is shown abandoned and overgrown by jungle plants.'] ['Four international criminals on the run from the law hide out in a remote village in Nicaragua whose economy is dependent on a major oil company. An oil well over 200 miles away has caught fire and can be extinguished only with explosives. The criminals are given a chance to earn a great deal of money, no questions asked, by driving trucks carrying unstable dynamite to the blaze. Because they were improperly stored, the sticks are now "sweating" nitroglycerin and could detonate if subjected to shock or vibration. Driving in teams of two, they meet various hazards on their journey, including a dilapidated rope-suspension bridge swinging violently in a huge storm over a flood-swollen river, a massive tree blocking the road, and a number of desperate, dangerous bandits.'] ['Howard Beale , the longtime anchor of the UBS Evening News, learns from news division president Max Schumacher  that he has just two more weeks on the air because of declining ratings. The two old friends get roaring drunk and lament the state of their industry. The following night, Beale announces on live television that he will commit suicide on next Tuesday\'s broadcast.Because Chayefsky started writing the screenplay during the same month that newscaster Christine Chubbuck committed on-air suicide, some, including Matthew C. Ehrlich in Journalism in the Movies , have speculated  that the scene was inspired by Chubbuck\'s manner of death. UBS fires him after this incident, but Schumacher intervenes so that Beale can have a dignified farewell. Beale promises he will apologize for his outburst, but once on the air, he launches back into a rant claiming that life is "bullshit". Beale\'s outburst causes the newscast\'s ratings to spike, and much to Schumacher\'s dismay, the upper echelons of UBS decide to exploit Beale\'s antics rather than pull him off the air. In one impassioned diatribe, Beale galvanizes the nation, persuading his viewers to shout out of their windows "I\'m as mad as hell, and I\'m not going to take this anymore!".  Diana Christensen  heads the network\'s programming department; seeking just one hit show, she cuts a deal with a band of radical terrorists  for a new docudrama series called the Mao-Tse Tung Hour for the upcoming fall season. When Beale\'s ratings seem to have topped out, Christensen approaches Schumacher and offers to help him "develop" the news show. He says no to the professional offer, but not to the personal one, and the two begin an affair. When Schumacher decides to end the "Howard as Angry Man" format, Christensen convinces her boss, Frank Hackett , to slot the evening news show under the entertainment division so that she can develop it. Hackett agrees, bullies the UBS executives to consent, and fires Schumacher at the same time. Soon after, Beale is hosting a new program called The Howard Beale Show, top-billed as "the mad prophet of the airwaves". Ultimately, the show becomes the most highly rated program on television, and Beale finds new celebrity preaching his angry message in front of a live studio audience that, on cue, chants Beale\'s signature catchphrase en masse: "We\'re as mad as hell, and we\'re not going to take this anymore." At first, Max\'s and Diana\'s romance withers as the show flourishes, but in the flush of high ratings, the two ultimately find their ways back together, and Schumacher leaves his wife of over 25 years for Christensen. But Christensen\'s fanatical devotion to her job and emotional emptiness ultimately drive Max back to his wife, and he warns his former lover that she will self-destruct at the pace she is running with her career. "You are television incarnate, Diana," he tells her, "indifferent to suffering, insensitive to joy. All of life is reduced to the common rubble of banality." When Beale discovers that CCA, the conglomerate that owns UBS, will be bought out by an even larger Saudi Arabian conglomerate, he launches an on-screen tirade against the deal, encouraging viewers to send telegrams to the White House telling them, "I want the CCA deal stopped now!" This throws the top network brass into a state of panic because the company\'s debt load has made merger essential for survival. Hackett takes Beale to meet with CCA chairman Arthur Jensen , who explicates his own "corporate cosmology" to the attentive Beale. Jensen delivers a tirade of his own in an "appropriate setting," the dramatically darkened CCA boardroom, that suggests to the docile Beale that Jensen may himself be some higher power — describing the interrelatedness of the participants in the international economy, and the illusory nature of nationality distinctions. Jensen persuades Beale to abandon the populist messages and preach his new "evangel". But television audiences find his new sermons on the dehumanization of society to be depressing, and ratings begin to slide, yet Jensen will not allow UBS executives to fire Beale. Seeing its two-for-the-price-of-one value — solving the Beale problem plus sparking a boost in season-opener ratings — Christensen, Hackett, and the other executives decide to hire the Ecumenical Liberation Army to assassinate Beale on the air; the assassination succeeds, putting an end to The Howard Beale Show and kicking off a second season of The Mao-Tse Tung Hour. The film ends with the narrator stating: {{bquote}}'] ['The film tells of Oliver Barrett IV, who comes from a family of wealthy and well-respected Harvard University graduates. At Radcliffe library, the Harvard student meets and falls in love with Jennifer Cavalleri, a working-class, quick-witted Radcliffe College student. Upon graduation from college, the two decide to marry against the wishes of Oliver\'s father, who thereupon severs ties with his son. Without his father\'s financial support, the couple struggles to pay Oliver\'s way through Harvard Law School with Jenny working as a private school teacher. They rent the top floor of a house near the Law School at 119 Oxford Street, in the Agassiz neighborhood of Cambridge adjacent to a local laundromat. Graduating third in his class at Harvard Law, Oliver takes a position at a respectable New York law firm. With Oliver\'s new income, the pair of 24-year-olds decide to have a child. After failing, they consult a medical specialist, who after repeated tests, informs Oliver that Jenny is ill and will soon die. While this is not stated explicitly, she appears to have leukemia. As instructed by his doctor, Oliver attempts to live a "normal life" without telling Jenny of her condition. Jenny nevertheless discovers her ailment after confronting her doctor about her recent illness. With their days together numbered, Jenny begins costly cancer therapy, and Oliver soon becomes unable to afford the multiplying hospital expenses. Desperate, he seeks financial relief from his father. When the senior Barrett asks if he needs the money because he got some girl "in trouble," Oliver says yes instead of telling his father the truth about Jenny\'s condition. From her hospital bed, Jenny speaks with her father about funeral arrangements, then asks for Oliver. She tells him to avoid blaming himself, and asks him to embrace her tightly before she dies. They lie together on the hospital bed. As a grief-stricken Oliver leaves the hospital, he is met by his father who now wants to apologize for the way he treated his son. Oliver replies that "Love means never having to say you\'re sorry" and cries.'] ['Joe Gideon is a theatre director and choreographer trying to balance work on his latest Broadway musical with editing a Hollywood film he has directed. He is a workaholic who chain-smokes cigarettes and "chain-sleeps" with his dancers. Without a daily dose of Vivaldi, Visine, Alka-Seltzer, Dexedrine and sex, he wouldn\'t have the energy to keep up the biggest "show" of all — his life. His girlfriend Katie Jagger, his ex-wife Audrey Paris, and daughter Michelle try to pull him back from the brink, but it is too late for his exhausted body and stress-ravaged heart. Decades of overwork and constant stress have gotten to Gideon. In his imagination, he flirts with an angel of death named Angelique. Gideon\'s condition gets progressively worse. He is rushed to a hospital with chest pains after a particularly stressful script rehearsal  and admitted with severe attacks of angina. Joe brushes off his symptoms, and attempts to leave to go back to rehearsal, but he collapses in the doctor\'s office and is ordered to stay in the hospital for three to four weeks to rest his heart and recover from his exhaustion. The show is postponed, but Gideon continues his antics from the hospital bed. Champagne flows, endless strings of women frolic around his hospital room and the cigarettes are always lit. Cardiogram readings don\'t show any improvement - Gideon is playing with death. As the paltry reviews for his feature film  come in, Gideon has a massive coronary and is taken straight to coronary artery bypass surgery. The backers for the Broadway show must decide now whether it\'s time to pack up or replace Gideon as the director. Their matter-of-fact money-oriented negotiations with the insurers are juxtaposed with graphic scenes of  open heart surgery. The producers realize that the best way to recoup their money and make a profit, is to bet on Gideon dying — which would bring in a profit of over USD$500,000. Meanwhile, elements from Gideon\'s past life are staged in dazzling dream sequences of musical numbers he directs from his hospital bed while on life support. Realizing his death is imminent, his mortality unconquerable, Gideon has another heart attack. In the glittery finale, he goes through the five stages of death — anger, denial, bargaining, depression and acceptance - featured in the stand-up routine he has been editing. As death closes in on Gideon, the fantasy episodes become more hallucinatory and extravagant and in a final epilogue that is set up as a truly monumental live variety show featuring everyone from his past, Gideon himself takes center stage.'] ['In the Sonoran Desert, French scientist Claude Lacombe and his American interpreter, mapmaker David Laughlin, along with other government scientific researchers, discover Flight 19, a squadron of Grumman TBF Avengers that went missing more than 30 years earlier. The planes are intact and operational, but there is no sign of the pilots. An old man who witnessed the event claimed "the sun came out at night, and sang to him." They also find a lost ship in the Gobi Desert named SS Cotopaxi. At an Air Traffic Control center in Indianapolis, Indiana, a controller listens as two airline flights almost have a mid-air collision with an apparent unidentified flying object . In Muncie, Indiana, 3-year-old Barry Guiler is awakened in the night when his toys start operating on their own. Fascinated, he gets out of bed and discovers something or someone  in the kitchen. He runs outside, forcing his mother, Jillian, to chase after him. Investigating one of a series of large-scale power outages, Indiana electrical lineman Roy Neary experiences a close encounter with a UFO, when it flies over his truck and lightly burns the side of his face with its bright lights. The UFO, along with three others, are pursued by Neary and three police cars, but the spacecrafts fly off into the night sky. Roy becomes fascinated by UFOs, much to the dismay of his wife, Ronnie. He also becomes increasingly obsessed with subliminal, mental images of a mountain-like shape and begins to make models of it. Jillian also becomes obsessed with sketching a unique-looking mountain. Soon after, she is terrorized in her home by a UFO encounter in which Barry is abducted by unseen beings. Lacombe and Laughlin—along with a group of United Nations experts—continue to investigate increasing UFO activity investigate and strange, related occurrences. Witnesses report that the UFOs make distinctive sounds: a five-tone musical phrase in a major scale. Scientists broadcast the phrase to outer space, but are mystified by the response: a seemingly meaningless series of numbers repeated over and over, until Laughlin recognizes it as a set of geographical coordinates pointing to Devils Tower near Moorcroft, Wyoming. Lacombe and the U.S. military converge on Wyoming. The United States Army evacuates the area, planting false reports in the media that a train wreck has spilled a toxic nerve gas, all the while preparing a secret landing zone for the UFOs and their occupants. Meanwhile, Roy\'s increasingly erratic behavior causes Ronnie to leave him, taking their three children with her. When a despairing Roy inadvertently sees a television news program about the train wreck near Devils Tower, he realizes the mental image of a mountain plaguing him is real. Jillian sees the same broadcast, and she and Roy, as well as others with similar visions and experiences, travel to the site in spite of the false public warnings about nerve gas. While most of the civilians who are drawn to the site are apprehended by the Army, Roy and Jillian persist and make it to the site just as dozens of UFOs appear in the night sky. The government specialists at the site begin to communicate with the UFOs by use of light and sound on a large electrical billboard. Following this, an enormous mother ship lands at the site, returning people who had been abducted over the past decades, including Barry, and the missing pilots from Flight 19 and sailors from the Cotopaxi, who have not aged since their abductions. The government officials decide to include Roy in a group of people whom they have selected to be potential visitors to the mothership, and hastily prepare him. As the aliens finally emerge from the mothership, they select Roy to join them on their travels. As Roy enters the mothership, one of the aliens pauses for a few moments with the humans. Lacombe uses Curwen hand signs that correspond to the five note alien tonal phrase. The alien replies with the same gestures, smiles, and returns to its ship, which lifts off into the night sky.'] ['On the day of his only daughter\'s wedding, Vito Corleone  hears requests in his role as the Godfather, the Don of a New York crime family. Vito\'s youngest son Michael , in Marine Corps khakis, introduces his girlfriend, Kay Adams , to his family at the sprawling reception. Vito\'s godson Johnny Fontane , a popular singer, pleads for help in securing a coveted movie role, so Vito dispatches his consigliere Tom Hagen  to the abrasive studio head, Jack Woltz , to secure the casting. Woltz is unmoved until the morning he wakes up in bed with the severed head of his prized stallion. Shortly before Christmas 1945, drug baron Virgil "The Turk" Sollozzo , backed by the Corleones\' rivals, the Tattaglias, asks Vito for investment and protection through his political connections, but Vito disapproves of drug dealers. Instead, he sends his enforcer, Luca Brasi  to spy on them, but two fish are sent to the family wrapped in Brasi\'s vest, confirming he "sleeps with the fishes". An assassination attempt by Sollozzo\'s men lands Vito in the hospital, so eldest son, Sonny , takes command. Sollozzo kidnaps Hagen to pressure Sonny to accept his deal. Michael thwarts a second assassination attempt on his father at the hospital, but is accosted by corrupt police captain McCluskey , who breaks his jaw. Sonny retaliates by having Tattaglia\'s son killed. Michael comes up with a plan to hit Sollozzo and McCluskey that his brother approves over Hagen\'s objections: on the pretext of settling the dispute, Michael lures the pair to a restaurant, retrieves a planted handgun and murders them. Despite a clampdown from the authorities, the Five Families erupt in open warfare and the brothers fear for their safety. Michael takes refuge in Sicily, and Fredo  is sheltered by associate Moe Greene  in Las Vegas. Sonny attacks his brother-in-law Carlo on the street for abusing his sister Connie . When it happens again, Sonny speeds for her home but assassins ambush him at a highway toll booth and riddle him with machine gun fire. Vito is saddened to learn that, despite his hopes, Michael has become involved in the family business. However, Michael has fallen in love with Apollonia Vitelli  and married her in Sicily. His peace is shattered when a car bomb intended for him takes the life of his new wife. To end the feuds, Vito meets with the heads of the Five Families, withdrawing his opposition to the Tattaglias\' heroin business and swearing to forego revenge for Sonny\'s murder. He deduces that the Tattaglias were under orders of the now dominant Don Emilio Barzini . With his safety guaranteed, Michael returns home and over a year later marries Kay. Seeing his father at the end of his career and his surviving brother too weak, Michael takes the reins of the family and promises his wife to make it legitimate within five years. Biding his time, Michael allows rival families to pressure Corleone enterprises and plans to move family operations to Nevada, while delegating New York operations to members who stay behind. Michael also replaces Hagen with his father as his consigliere; Vito explains to an upset Hagen that they have long range plans for him in the family. When Michael travels to Las Vegas to buy out Greene\'s stake in the family\'s casinos, Greene derides the Corleones as a fading power. Michael\'s anger is fueled when Fredo falls under Greene\'s sway. Vito collapses and dies in his garden in 1955 while playing with Michael’s son Anthony. At the funeral, Salvatore Tessio  arranges a meeting between Michael and Don Barzini, signalling his treachery as Vito had warned. The meeting is set for the same day as the christening of Connie and Carlo\'s son, to whom Michael will stand as godfather. As the christening proceeds, Corleone assassins, acting on Michael\'s orders, murder the other New York dons and Moe Greene. Tessio is told that Michael is aware of his betrayal and taken off to his death. After Carlo is questioned by Michael on his involvement in setting up Sonny\'s murder and confesses he was contacted by Barzini, Peter Clemenza  kills him with a garrotte. Michael is confronted by Connie, who accuses him of having her husband killed. He denies killing Carlo when questioned by Kay, an answer she accepts. As Kay watches warily, Michael receives his capos, who address him as the new Don Corleone.'] ['Sandy and Jonathan are roommates at Amherst College whose lives are explored and seem to offer a contrast to one another. Spanning a 25-year period, from their college years in the mid-1940s to middle aged adulthood in the early 1970s, the film explores their relationships with various women, Susan, Bobbie, Jennifer, Cindy, and Louise.'] ['Critics and film historians have often noted how the film is divided into three equal thirds or acts.Roger Ebert: "Michael Cimino\'s The Deer Hunter is a three-hour movie in three major movements." Mike enters himself in a game of Russian roulette against Nick, hoping to jar Nick\'s memory and persuade him to come home, but Nick\'s mind is gone. In the last moment, after Mike\'s attempts to remind him of their trips hunting together, he finally breaks through, and Nick recognizes Mike and smiles. Nick then tells Mike, "one shot", raises the gun to his temple, and pulls the trigger. The bullet is in the gun\'s top chamber, and Nick kills himself. Horrified, Michael tries to revive him, but to no avail. Epilogue - Back home in 1975, there is a funeral for Nick, whom Michael brings home, good to his promise. The film ends with the whole cast at their friend\'s bar, singing "God Bless America" and toasting in Nick\'s honor.'] ['Classical pianist Robert Dupea , who comes from a family of musicians, works in a California oil field. Most of his time is spent in bowling alleys, drinking beer in the trailer of his friend, Elton , or with his waitress girlfriend, Rayette . When he learns that she is pregnant, and his friend Elton gets arrested for having robbed a gas station a year earlier, he quits his job and leaves for Los Angeles where his sister, Partita , also a pianist, is making a recording. Partita informs him that their father has suffered two strokes and urges him to return to the family home on Puget Sound. He tells Rayette that he must go to see his father and reluctantly agrees to take her along. On the way, they pick up two lesbians headed for Alaska whose constant chatter about "filth" increasingly annoys Robert. The four of them are thrown out of a restaurant when he gets into an argument with a waitress who refuses to accommodate his special order. Eventually, Robert reaches his destination. Embarrassed by Rayette\'s lack of polish, he registers her in a motel and goes to his family home. At dinner that night, he meets Catherine Van Oost , a young pianist engaged to his brother, Carl , a violinist. Despite personality differences, Robert and Catherine become attracted to each other and make love in her room. Meanwhile, Rayette becomes bored at the motel and comes to the Dupea estate unannounced. Her presence creates an awkward situation, but when Samia, a pompous family friend, ridicules Rayette\'s background, Robert gives a fiery defense of her. Storming from the room in search of Catherine, he discovers his father\'s male nurse giving the half-naked Partita a massage. Even more angered, Robert picks a senseless fight with him and is quickly knocked to the floor. He tries to convince Catherine to go away with him, but she tells him she cannot do it because he does not love himself or anything at all and thus should not expect love in return. After trying to talk to his unresponsive father, Robert leaves with Rayette, who makes a playful sexual advance to him which he angrily pushes off. At a gas station, when Rayette goes in for some coffee, he abandons her, hitching a ride on a truck to Alaska.'] ['The protagonists are two freewheeling hippies: Wyatt , nicknamed "Captain America", and Billy . Fonda and Hopper said that these characters\' names refer to Wyatt Earp and Billy the Kid.<ref nameMarch 2011}} was a spiritual failure. The next morning, the two are continuing their trip to Florida  when two rednecks in a pickup truck spot them and decide to "scare the hell out of them" with their shotgun. As they pull alongside Billy, one of the men lazily aims the shotgun at him and threatens and insults him by saying, "Want me to blow your brains out?" and "Why don\'t you get a haircut?" When Billy flips his middle finger up at them, the hillbilly fires the shotgun at Billy, who immediately hits the pavement, seriously wounded in the side. As the truck then takes off past Wyatt down the road, Wyatt turns around and races back to put his jacket over his fatally injured friend, who is already covered in blood, before riding off for help. But by this time, the same pickup truck has turned around and closes on Wyatt. Not wanting any witnesses to report them to the police, the hillbilly fires at Wyatt as he speeds by the pickup, hitting the bike\'s gas tank and causing it to instantly erupt into a fiery explosion. Wyatt lands by the side of the road, dead. As the murderous rednecks drive away, the film ends with a shot of the flaming bike in the middle of the deserted road, as the camera ascends to the sky.'] [" Based on the non-fiction book by Peter Maas, the film covers twelve years  in the life of Frank Serpico, a NYPD officer who wants to do the best he can as a policeman. Working as a uniformed patrolman, Serpico succeeds in every assignment. He moves on to plainclothes assignments, where he slowly discovers a hidden world of illicit activities among his own colleagues. After witnessing cops doing drugs, committing violence, taking paybacks and other forms of police corruption, Serpico decides to expose what he's seen, but he is harassed and threatened. The struggle leads to infighting within the police force, problems in his personal relationships, and life-threatening situations. Finally, after being shot in the face during a drug bust on February 3, 1971, he testifies before the Knapp Commission, which was a government inquiry into police corruption between 1970 and 1972."] ['In 1936, archaeologist Indiana Jones braves an ancient Peruvian temple filled with booby traps to retrieve a golden idol. Upon fleeing the temple, Indiana is confronted by rival archaeologist René Belloq and the indigenous Hovitos. Surrounded and outnumbered, Indiana is forced to surrender the idol to Belloq and escapes aboard a waiting Waco seaplane, in the process revealing his fear of snakes. Shortly after returning to the college in the United States where he teaches archaeology, Indiana is interviewed by two Army intelligence agents. They inform him that the Nazis, in their quest for occult power, are searching for his old mentor, Abner Ravenwood, who is the leading expert on the ancient Egyptian city of Tanis and possesses the headpiece of an artifact called the Staff of Ra. Indiana deduces that the Nazis are searching for Tanis because it is believed to be the location of the Ark of the Covenant, the biblical chest built by the Israelites to contain the fragments of the Ten Commandments; the Nazis believe that if they acquire it, their armies will become invincible. The Staff of Ra, meanwhile, is the key to finding the Well of Souls, a secret chamber in which the Ark is buried. The agents subsequently authorize Indiana to recover the Ark before the Nazis. Indiana travels to Nepal, only to find that Ravenwood has died and that the headpiece is in the possession of his daughter, Marion, Indiana\'s embittered former lover. Indiana offers to buy the headpiece for three thousand dollars, plus two thousand more when they return to the United States. Marion\'s tavern is suddenly raided by a group of thugs commanded by Nazi agent Toht. The tavern is burned down in the ensuing fight, during which Toht burns his hand on the searing hot headpiece as he tries to grab it. Indiana and Marion escape with the headpiece, with Marion declaring she will accompany Indiana in his search for the Ark so he can repay his debt. They travel to Cairo where they learn from Indiana\'s friend Sallah, a skilled excavator, that Belloq and the Nazis, led by Colonel Dietrich, are currently digging for the Well of Souls with a replica of the headpiece modeled after the scar on Toht\'s hand. In a bazaar, Nazi operatives attempt to kidnap Marion and as Indiana chases after them it appears that she dies in an explosion. While deciphering the markings on the headpiece, Indiana and Sallah realize that the Nazis have miscalculated the location of the Well of Souls. Using this to their advantage, they infiltrate the Nazi dig and use the Staff of Ra to determine the location correctly and uncover the Well of Souls, which is filled with snakes. Indiana fends off the snakes and acquires the Ark, but Belloq, Dietrich and the Nazis arrive to take it. They toss Marion into the well with Indiana and seal them in, but they manage to escape. After a fistfight with a giant Nazi mechanic, blowing up a flying wing on the airstrip, and chasing down a convoy of trucks, Indiana takes back the Ark before it can be shipped to Berlin. Indiana and Marion leave Cairo to escort the Ark to England on board a tramp steamer. The next morning, their boat is boarded by Belloq, Dietrich and the Nazis, who once again steal the Ark and kidnap Marion. Indiana stows away on their U-boat and follows them to an isolated island in the Aegean Sea where Belloq plans to test the power of the Ark before presenting it to Hitler. Indiana reveals himself and threatens to destroy the Ark with a rocket-propelled grenade launcher, but Belloq calls his bluff, knowing Indy cannot bear to eradicate an important historical artifact. Indiana surrenders and is tied to a post with Marion as Belloq performs a ceremonial opening of the Ark, which appears to contain nothing but sand. Suddenly, spirits resembling Old Testament Seraphim emerge from the Ark. Aware of the supernatural danger of looking at the opened Ark, Indiana warns Marion to close her eyes. The apparitions suddenly morph into "angels of death", and lightning bolts begin flying out of the Ark, gruesomely killing the Nazi soldiers, while Belloq, Dietrich and Toht meet even more gruesome fates. The fires rise into the sky, then fall back down to Earth and the Ark closes with a crack of thunder. Back in Washington, D.C., the Army intelligence agents tell a suspicious Indiana and Brody that the Ark "is someplace safe" to be studied by "top men". In reality, the Ark is sealed in a wooden crate labeled "top secret" and stored in a giant government warehouse filled with countless similar crates.'] ["In New York City during the middle of a hot summer, body parts of men are showing up in the Hudson River. The police suspect it to be the work of a serial killer who is picking up homosexual men at West Village bars like the Eagle's Nest, the Ramrod, and the Cock Pit, then taking them to cheap rooming houses or motels, tying them up and stabbing them to death. Officer Steve Burns , who resembles the victims, is sent deep undercover into the urban world of gay S&M and leather bars in the Meatpacking District in order to track down the killer. He rents an apartment in the area and befriends a neighbor, Ted Bailey  a struggling young gay playwright. Burns's undercover work takes a toll on his relationship with his girlfriend Nancy , due to both his refusal to tell her the details of his current assignment and Burns building a close friendship with Ted, who himself is having relationship issues with his jealous and overbearing dancer boyfriend Gregory. Burns mistakenly compels the police to interrogate a waiter, Skip Lee , who is intimidated and beaten to coerce a confession before police discover Skip's fingerprints don't match the killer's. Burns is disturbed by this police brutality, and comes to believe that the police are motivated by homophobia. Outraged, and exhausted by his undercover assignment, he almost quits his job. However, Burns is convinced by his boss  to continue with the investigation. Following a new lead, Burns investigates Columbia University students who studied with one of the previous victims, a college professor. At the film's conclusion, Burns thinks that he has found the serial killer, a gay music student who attacks him with a knife in Morningside Park. Burns brings the man into custody, but shortly afterward Ted's mutilated body is found. The police dismiss the murder as a lover's quarrel turned violent and put out an arrest warrant for Gregory, whom Ted had earlier described to Steve as controlling and possessive. With the police under the impression that the murders have been solved, Burns moves back in with Nancy. In an ambiguous finale, Burns begins shaving his beard in the bathroom while Nancy secretly inspects clothes that he left on a chair: a leather peaked cap, aviator frames, and a leather jacket that all look very similar to the outfit the killer wore. Burns, meanwhile, wipes off his shaving cream and looks directly at the camera."] ['November 1959. Perry Smith ([[Robert Blake  and "Dick" Hickock ([[Scott Wilson  concoct a plan to invade the home of the Clutter family, as Mr. Clutter supposedly keeps a large supply of cash on-hand in a safe. While the two criminals felt that their plan for the robbery was sound, it quickly unravels, resulting in the murder of Mr. and Mrs. Clutter, as well as their two teenage children. The bodies are discovered the next day, and a police investigation is immediately launched. As the investigation builds, the two wanted men continue to elude law enforcement by heading south and crossing into Mexico, but after a while they return and decide to travel to Las Vegas to win some money at gambling; there they are arrested for parole violation, being in possession of a stolen car and passing bad checks. The police separately interrogate the two men about the Clutter murders. Both Smith and Hickock admit to their check bouncing offenses, but deny knowing anything about the murders. Next the police confront them with evidence, such as a bloody footprint matching the boots worn by one of the men , but they are slowed by Smith\'s refusal to provide answers. The police claim that another mistake made by the men is that they left a witness. Finally, Hickock confesses and states that he does not want to be executed for the crime, claiming that Smith committed all of the murders. When Smith learns that Hickock confessed, he claims that it was Hickock who killed the entire family, not he. Smith and Hickock are both found guilty of the crime and sentenced to be hanged. A representation of their final moments and their execution are presented at the conclusion of the film. The story of the murders are told in flashback, or analepsis, after the arrest of the suspects.'] ['The film traces the sexual awakening of Theresa Dunn, a young teacher searching for excitement outside of her mundane existence. Suffering with severe body image issues and a sense of inadequacy following a childhood surgery that left a large scar on her back, Irish American Theresa finds first love with her older, married university professor, who ends the affair as her time in college comes to an end. The end of the affair leaves Theresa feeling used, and she begins daydreaming about being reunited with her professor. Theresa enters the sexual revolution of the 1970s feeling confused, as she is simultaneously repelled and attracted to the sexual experimentation she witnesses going on around her. Although she continues to teach by day, developing a reputation as a gifted and caring teacher to deaf children, at night she goes clubbing at a series of increasingly seedy bars, picking up men for one-night stands. The recreational sexual encounters slowly become an addiction, as Theresa begins pursuing more dangerous men with violent sexual proclivities to enhance her "high". She views her one night stands with shady low-lifes as a way to provide excitement and adventure to her otherwise boring and ordinary existence. An encounter with an Italian thug named Tony  develops into a nascent relationship, and the two begin regularly meeting for increasingly rough and dangerous sex, culminating in Tony\'s introduction of a switchblade knife into their sex play. Meanwhile, Theresa attempts to date a welfare case worker named James, whom her family holds up as the paragon of Irish-American youth. The relationship quickly falters, as James turns out to be just as shallow and emotionally manipulative as Tony. Theresa ultimately breaks up with Tony, who then stalks her, including harassing her outside the school where she works until the older brother of one of her students beats him up. With the new year approaching, Theresa resolves to leave her clubbing behind and take control of her life. Seeking one final hookup on New Year\'s Eve, Theresa picks up a man named Gary, who turns out to be a sexually confused war veteran. At Theresa\'s apartment, Gary finds himself unnable to attain an erection. Misreading Theresa\'s frustration as her questioning his sexuality, Gary attacks her and begins beating and raping her. After Theresa screams "Do it!" Gary stabs her to death. Theresa\'s dead face drifts farther away from the screen and into a black void as the film ends.'] ['The story opens on V-J Day in 1945. A massive celebration in a New York City nightclub is underway, music provided by the Tommy Dorsey Orchestra. While there Jimmy Doyle , a selfish and smooth-talking saxophone player, meets Francine Evans , a small-time singer. Francine is lonely but still, she wants nothing to do with Jimmy, who keeps pestering her for her phone number. The next morning, they end up sharing a cab, and, against her will, Francine accompanies Jimmy to an audition. There he gets into an argument with the club owner. Francine, to get the audition back on track, begins to sing the old standard, "You Brought a New Kind of Love to Me"; Jimmy joins in on his sax. The club owner is impressed and, to Francine\'s astonishment, they are both offered a job — a boy-girl act. From that moment on, Jimmy and Francine\'s relationship deepens into love. But there are problems—mainly, Jimmy\'s tendency to fight with everyone, and his increasingly violent arguments with Francine, who becomes pregnant with his child. An especially bad shouting match between them results in Francine going into labor. Jimmy rushes her to the hospital, but he is not ready to be a father, or a good husband, and he abandons his wife. Several years later, in a recording studio, Francine records "But the World Goes Round," a powerful anthem which makes the charts and turns her into a popular entertainment figure. In the following years, Jimmy and Francine both find success in the music industry. Doyle becomes a renowned jazz musician and club owner, while Francine becomes a successful singer and motion picture actress. Jimmy records a song of his on his saxophone which tops the charts, and Francine cements her stardom after singing Jimmy\'s song, "New York, New York". Her performance, received by a wildly appreciative audience, takes place in the same nightclub where, years earlier, she and Jimmy had met. After the show, Jimmy telephones his ex-wife, suggesting they get together for dinner. Francine is tempted, heads toward the stage door exit, but at the last moment changes her mind. Jimmy, waiting on the sidewalk, realizes he has been stood up and heads off down the street, accompanied by the song he has written — the "Theme From New York, New York". An alternate ending sees the pair reunite and walk off to dinner, sharing conversation about their son.'] ['The film\'s famous beginning has General George S. Patton  giving a speech to an unseen audience of American troops , with a huge American flag in the background. The scene then shifts to North Africa at the start of 1943, where Patton takes charge of the demoralized American II Corps in North Africa after the humiliating defeat at the Battle of the Kasserine Pass. After instilling discipline in his soldiers, he leads them to victory at the Battle of El Guettar, though he is bitterly disappointed to learn afterward that Erwin Rommel , whom he respects greatly as a general, was not his opponent. Patton\'s aide, Captain Jensen, is killed in the battle and replaced by Lieutenant Colonel Codman who assures Patton that, though Rommel was absent, that if Patton defeated Rommel\'s plan, then he defeated Rommel. Patton is shown to believe in reincarnation, while remaining a devout Christian. At one point during the North Africa campaign, he takes his staff on an unexpected detour to the site of the ancient Battle of Zama. There he reminisces about the battle, insisting to his second in command, General Omar Bradley  that he was there. After North Africa is secured, Patton is involved in the Allied invasion of Sicily. His proposal to land his Seventh Army in the northwest of the island is rejected in favor of the more cautious plan of British General Bernard Law Montgomery, in which the British and American armies are to land side-by-side in the southeast. Frustrated at the slow progress of the campaign, Patton defies orders, racing northwest to capture the city of Palermo and then narrowly beats Montgomery in a race to capture the port of Messina in the northeast. However, Patton\'s aggression is regarded with increasing disquiet by his subordinates Bradley and Truscott, and he is eventually relieved of command for slapping and attempting to shoot a shell-shocked soldier, whom he accuses of cowardice, in an Army hospital. For this incident and for his tendency to speak his mind to the press, he is sidelined during the long-anticipated D-Day landings, being placed in command of the fictional First United States Army Group in southeast England as a decoy. German General Alfred Jodl  is convinced that Patton will lead the invasion of Europe. Fearing he will miss out on his destiny, he begs his former subordinate, General Omar Bradley, for a command before the war ends. He is given the Third Army and distinguishes himself by rapidly sweeping across France until his tanks are halted by lack of fuel. He later relieves the vital town of Bastogne during the Battle of the Bulge. He then smashes through the Siegfried Line and drives into Germany itself. Patton has previously remarked to a British crowd that the United States and Great Britain would dominate the post-war world, which is viewed as a slight to the Russians. After the Germans capitulate, he insults a Russian officer at a celebration; fortunately, the Russian insults Patton right back, defusing the situation. Patton then makes an offhand remark comparing the Nazi Party to the political parties in the U.S. In the end, Patton\'s outspokenness loses him his command once again, though he is kept on to see to the rebuilding of Germany. The film ends with Patton walking his dog, a bull terrier named Willie, and Scott relating in a voice over that a returning hero of ancient Rome was honored with a victory parade in which "a slave stood behind the conqueror holding a golden crown and whispering in his ear a warning: that all glory is fleeting."'] ['The film begins with the disappearance of Pennsylvania executive Tom Gruneman . The police reveal that an obscene letter was found in Gruneman\'s office, addressed to a prostitute in New York City named Bree Daniels , who had received several similar letters from him. After six months of fruitless police work, Peter Cable , an executive at Gruneman\'s company, hires family friend and police officer John Klute  to investigate Gruneman\'s disappearance. Klute rents an apartment in the basement of Daniels\' building, taps her phone, and follows her as she turns tricks. Daniels appears to be liberated by the freedom of freelancing as a call girl, but in a series of visits to her psychiatrist, she gradually reveals the emptiness of her life and that she wants to quit. Klute asks Daniels to answer some of his questions, but she refuses. He approaches her again, revealing that he has been watching her. She assumes that he will turn her in if she does not cooperate, but does not recall Gruneman at all. She reveals that she was beaten by one of her johns two years earlier, but after seeing a photo of Gruneman, she says she cannot say for sure one way or the other. She is only certain that the john "was serious" about the attack. Daniels takes Klute to meet her former pimp, Frank Ligourin , who reveals that one of his prostitutes shared the abusive client to Bree, another woman named Arlyn Page . The original prostitute committed suicide, and Page became a drug addict and disappeared. As they search the city for the woman over several days, Klute and Daniels develop a romance. She admits to a deep paranoia which makes her think that she is being watched. Throughout the film, she is frequently shown from the perspective of a stalker across the street. When the couple finally track down Page, she says that the customer was not Gruneman but an "older man". Shortly after the meeting, Page\'s body turns up in the Kill Van Kull, another apparent suicide. Klute deduces a connection between the two suicides of the prostitutes who have been with the mysterious abusive client, surmising that the client probably also killed Gruneman and may kill Daniels next. He revisits Gruneman\'s contacts anew to try to find connections with the case. By typographic comparison, the supposed obscene letters of Gruneman are traced to Cable, with whom Klute has been meeting regularly to report on his investigation. Now with a suspect, Klute asks Cable for an additional $500 to buy the "black book" of the first prostitute who committed suicide, telling Cable he is certain the book will reveal the identity of the abusive client. This flushes Cable out. Cable confronts Bree and reveals that he sent her the letters, explaining that Gruneman had interrupted him when he was attacking a prostitute. Certain that Gruneman would use the incident as leverage against him within the company, Cable attempted to frame Gruneman by planting the letter in his office. He confesses to killing Page and the other prostitute to cover his tracks. After playing an audiotape he made as he murdered Page, he attacks Daniels. Klute rushes in, and Cable jumps out the window to his death. The film closes with Daniels moving out of her apartment to return to Pennsylvania with Klute.'] ['In 1931 Berlin, American artist Sally Bowles  performs at the Kit Kat Klub. A new arrival in the city, Brian Roberts ([[Michael York , moves into Sally\'s boarding house. A reserved English academic and writer, Brian gives English lessons to earn a living while completing his doctorate in Philosophy. Sally unsuccessfully tries to seduce Brian and suspects he may be gay. Brian tells Sally that on three previous occasions he has tried to have physical relationships with women, all of which have failed. The unlikely pair become friends, and Brian is witness to Sally\'s anarchic, bohemian life in the last days of the German Weimar Republic. Later in the film, Sally and Brian become lovers despite their earlier reservations, and Brian and Sally conclude with irony that his previous failures with women were because they were "the wrong three girls." Sally befriends Maximilian von Heune , a rich playboy baron who takes her and Brian to his country estate. It becomes ambiguous which of the duo Max is seducing, epitomized by a scene in which the three dance intimately together in a wine-induced reverie. After a sexual experience with Brian, Max loses interest in the two, and departs for Argentina. When Sally triumphantly tells Brian that she slept with Max, Brian begins to laugh and reveals that he slept with Max as well. After the ensuing argument, Brian storms off and picks a fight with a group of Nazis, who beat him senseless. Brian and Sally make up in their rooming house, where Sally reveals that Max left them an envelope of money. Later on, Sally finds out that she\'s pregnant and is unsure whether Brian or Max is the father. Brian offers to marry her and take her back to his university life in Cambridge. After a scene that strongly hints Sally prefers the life of a singer to the life of a mother and housewife, she proceeds with an abortion. When Brian confronts her, she shares her fears and the two reach an understanding. The film ends with Brian departing for England by train, and Sally continuing her life in Berlin, singing "Cabaret" to a highly appreciative audience.  {{original research}} A subplot concerns Fritz Wendel , a German Jew passing as a Christian. Fritz eventually reveals his true religious background when he falls for Natalia Landauer , a wealthy German Jewish heiress. Although they marry, the audience are left wondering what their fate will be. The Nazis\' violent rise is a powerful, ever-present undercurrent in the film. Though explicit evidence of their actions is only sporadically presented, their progress can be tracked through the characters\' changing actions and attitudes. While in the beginning of the film National Socialist members are sometimes harassed and even kicked out of the Kit Kat Klub, a scene midway through the film shows everyday Germans rising in song to rally around National Socialism, and the final shot of the film shows the cabaret\'s audience is dominated by Nazi party members. While he does not play a role in the main plot or subplot, the "Emcee"  serves in the role of storyteller throughout the film, acting as a sort of voyeur in the circus atmosphere. His surface demeanor is one of benevolence and hospitality , but when the floor show gets underway, he exposes the audience to the seedy world of the Cabaret. His intermittent songs in the Kit Kat Klub are risque and pointedly mock the Nazis. In a scene when Sally experiences delirium, the Emcee is seen holding her breasts - the significance of this is never explained, and it is not clear if it is memory or fantasy. The rise of the National Socialist movement and their increasing influence on German society is dramatically demonstrated in the beer garden scene: A boy — only his face seen — sings to the seated guests what first seems an innocent lyrical song about the beauties of nature. This gradually becomes the strident "Tomorrow Belongs to Me" as the camera shifts to show that the boy is wearing a brown Hitler Youth uniform and lifts his hand in the Nazi salute. One by one, nearly all guests in the beer garden get up and voluntarily join in the singing and saluting. The oldest gentleman among them, however, obviously feels differently, and does not share the common exaltation; he obviously has grown wise enough not to join the chorus and turns away uneasily. Max and Brian flee the beer garden after the show of grass roots solidarity, realising that the Nazis will be difficult to "control" now. Earlier in the film the NSDAP enjoyed relative favor with the main characters, due to their strong opposition to Communism, which was a natural risk to the trio\'s increasingly lavish lifestyle. Although the songs throughout the film allude to and advance the narrative, every song except "Tomorrow Belongs to Me" is executed in the context of a Kit Kat Klub performance. The voice heard on the radio reading the news throughout the film in German was that of associate producer Harold Nebenzal, whose father Seymour Nebenzahl made such notable Weimar films such as M , Testament of Dr. Mabuse , and Threepenny Opera .'] ['The film is framed by the reminiscences of 121-year-old Jack Crabb , who recounts his colorful life story to a curious historian ([[William Hickey . Among other things, Crabb had been a captive of the Cheyenne, a gunslinger, an associate of Wild Bill Hickok , and a scout for General George Armstrong Custer . Having been adopted by the Cheyenne and reared in their culture, Crabb has perspective on both Caucasian and Native American life in the 19th century. Jack and his older sister Caroline  had survived the massacre of their parents\' wagon train by the Pawnee. Found by a Cheyenne warrior, Jack and his sister are taken back to a Cheyenne village. Caroline manages to escape on horseback, but Jack is reared by good-hearted tribal leader Old Lodge Skins . Life among the Cheyenne proves to be idyllic, though Jack unwittingly makes an enemy of another boy, Younger Bear ; however, Younger Bear eventually owes his life to Jack, who saves him from a Pawnee warrior. Jack is given the name "Little Big Man" because he\'s short but very brave. When Jack is 16, he is recaptured by U.S. cavalry troopers and renounces his Native American upbringing in order to save himself. He is put in the care of Reverend Silas Pendrake  and his sexually frustrated wife, Louise , who tries to seduce Jack. Jack cannot accept the contradiction between Louise\'s piety and sexual appetite, and he eventually leaves the Pendrake household. Jack becomes the apprentice of the snake-oil salesman Merriweather . The two are tarred and feathered when their customers realize that Merriweather\'s products are fraudulent. One of the angry customers happens to be Jack\'s sister, Caroline. Once Caroline realizes that one of the men she helped to tar and feather was her brother, they reunite. She attempts to mold her brother into a gunslinger named the Soda Pop Kid . Jack meets Wild Bill Hickok at a saloon, and Hickok takes a liking to the young man. When Hickok is forced to kill a man in self-defense, Jack loses his taste for gunslinging and Caroline deserts him. Jack next becomes a partner in a general store and marries a Swedish woman named Olga . Unfortunately, Jack\'s business partner turns out to be a thieving scoundrel and Jack is forced to close the store. The famous cavalry officer George Armstrong Custer happens upon the scene and suggests the couple re-start their lives further west. Jack and Olga set out, but their stagecoach is ambushed by Cheyenne. Olga is abducted and Jack sets out in search for her. During his quest, he is reunited with Old Lodge Skins, who is overjoyed Jack has returned to the tribe. Younger Bear has become a contrary  and, having been humiliated by Jack years before, is still bitter. After a short stay with the tribe, Jack continues his search for Olga. He eventually becomes a "muleskinner" in Custer\'s 7th Cavalry, hoping to obtain information on Olga. He takes part in a battle against the Cheyenne, but when the 7th troopers begin killing women and children, Jack becomes enraged and turns on them. Nearby, Jack discovers a Cheyenne woman, Sunshine , giving birth. He saves Sunshine from the marauding troopers and returns with her to Old Lodge Skins\'s tribe. Sunshine becomes his wife and bears him a child. Jack again encounters Younger Bear, who has undergone another life change. No longer a contrary, Younger Bear is now the henpecked husband of the long-lost Olga, who is now living as a Cheyenne woman. Olga does not recognize Jack, who makes no attempt to remind her of their previous relationship. Sunshine asks Jack to take in her three widowed sisters as wives and to father children with them. He is reluctant at first, but finally agrees and has sex with all three; the first time all on the same night, exhausting Jack. One day during the winter season, Custer and the 7th Cavalry make a surprise attack on the Cheyenne camp. A now-blind and elderly Old Lodge Skins is saved by Jack, but Sunshine and their child are killed along with her sisters. Jack tries to infiltrate Custer\'s camp to exact revenge. At a crucial moment, with knife in hand, Jack loses his nerve, and is mocked by Custer for it. Disheartened, Jack becomes the town drunk in Deadwood, South Dakota. While in a drunken stupor, he is recognized by Wild Bill Hickok, who gives him money to clean up. When Jack returns to the bar, Hickok is shot and killed. With his last breath, Hickok expresses a dying wish involving a widow he was having an affair with. Jack goes to see the widow, a prostitute who turns out to be Louise Pendrake. Jack gives her the money that Hickok intended for her to use to start a new life. Jack soon becomes a trapper and hermit. His mind becomes unhinged after coming across an empty trap with a severed animal limb. Poised at the edge of a cliff, he prepares to commit suicide. Jack suddenly hears the faint chords of the traditional cavalry tune "Garryowen" echoing through a valley and spots Custer and his troops marching nearby. Jack decides to exact revenge. Custer, who remembers that Jack once tried to assassinate him, hires him as a scout, reasoning that anything Jack says will be a lie, thus serving as a perfect reverse barometer. Jack leads the troops into a trap at the Little Bighorn. Before the attack, Jack truthfully tells Custer of the overwhelming force of Native Americans hidden within the valley of the Little Bighorn. Custer does not believe him and leads the 7th Cavalry to its doom. During the frantic battle, Custer begins to rave insanely. Ignoring the closing circle of warriors, Custer points his pistol at Jack. Before he can pull the trigger, Custer is killed by Younger Bear, who removes the unconscious, wounded Jack from the battle by carrying him to Old Lodge Skins\' tepee. Having thus discharged his life debt, Younger Bear tells Jack that, the next time they meet, he can kill him without becoming an evil person. Jack accompanies Old Lodge Skins to a nearby hill where the aged, weary leader decides to end his life. He offers his spirit to the Great Spirit, and lies down to wait for death. Instead, it begins to rain. Old Lodge Skins sighs and says, "Sometimes the magic works, and sometimes it doesn\'t". They return to his tepee to have dinner. Jack\'s narrative ends and he dismisses the historian, while thinking with sadness about the memories of a world which is no more.'] ['The film opens out in deep space, where a race of gelatinous creatures abandon their dying world. Pushed through the universe by the solar winds, they make their way to Earth and land in San Francisco. Some fall on plant leaves, assimilating them and forming small pods with pink flowers. Elizabeth Driscoll ([[Brooke Adams , an employee at the San Francisco health department, is one of several people who brings a flower home. The next morning, Elizabeth\'s partner, Geoffrey Howell , suddenly becomes distant, and she senses that something is wrong. Her colleague, health inspector Matthew Bennell , suggests that she see his friend, psychiatrist Dr. David Kibner . Kibner suggests that Elizabeth wants to believe that Geoffrey has changed because she is looking for an excuse to get out of their relationship. Meanwhile, Matthew\'s friend Jack Bellicec , a struggling writer who owns a mud bath with his wife Nancy , discovers a deformed body on one of the beds and calls Matthew to investigate. Noticing that the body  bears a slight resemblance to Jack, Matthew breaks into Elizabeth\'s home and finds a nearly complete double of her in the bedroom garden. He is able to get Elizabeth to safety, but the duplicate body has disappeared by the time he returns with the police. Matthew realizes that what is happening is extraterrestrial, not realizing that Dr. Kibner has also been changed. He calls several state and federal agencies, but they all tell him not to worry. In addition, people who had earlier claimed that their loved ones had changed seem to have been converted as well. That night, Matthew and his friends are nearly duplicated by the pods while they sleep. The pod people try to raid Matthew\'s house, but the humans are able to slip away. During this, they discover that the pod people clones emit a piercing shrill scream once they learn someone is still human among them. Jack and Nancy sacrifice themselves to a crowd of pursuing pod people as a distraction, to give their friends enough time to escape. Matthew and Elizabeth are chased across San Francisco, until they are eventually found by the doubles of Jack and Dr. Kibner at the Health Department. Kibner\'s double tells them that their species is incapable of hating humanity; that what they are doing is the only way for their species to survive and that they are even doing humanity a favor. They are both injected with a sedative to make them sleep. However, the couple is able to overpower them and escape the building. They run into Nancy in the stairwell, who has discovered a way to evade the pod people by hiding all emotion. Outside, Matthew and Elizabeth are exposed as human when Elizabeth screams after seeing a mutant dog with a man\'s face . They flee, and discover a giant warehouse at the docks where the pods are grown. After Matthew and Elizabeth profess their love for each other, they hear "Amazing Grace" being played nearby. Matthew goes out to investigate, only to discover a cargo ship being loaded with hundreds of pods. Matthew returns to find that Elizabeth has fallen asleep. Although he tries to wake her, her body crumbles to dust and Elizabeth\'s naked double arises behind him, telling him to go to sleep as well. With no one left, Matthew destroys the pod-growing facility by cutting the overhead lights. Within moments, the entire warehouse is on fire and the unhatched pods begin to die. He is pointed out by Elizabeth\'s double and hides under a pier while the pod people search for him. The next morning, Matthew watches dozens of children being led into a theater to be replaced. At work he sees Elizabeth, but she is completely oblivious of him. While walking towards city hall, he is spotted by Nancy. Still able to survive after they were caught earlier, she calls his name, to which Matthew responds by pointing to her and emitting the piercing pod scream. With the realization that Matthew is now a pod person, Nancy screams in helpless anguish.'] ['In 1964, an aging, overweight Italian American Jake LaMotta  practices a comedy routine. A flashback to 1941 shows his first loss in a major boxing match, against Jimmy Reeves. Jake\'s brother Joey LaMotta  later discusses a potential shot for the middleweight title with one of his Mafia connections, Salvy Batts . Some time thereafter, Jake spots a 15-year-old girl named Vickie  at an open-air swimming pool in his Bronx neighborhood. He eventually pursues a relationship with her, even though he is already married. Jake defeats Sugar Ray Robinson once in 1943 and has another win three weeks later. Despite the fact that Jake dominated Robinson during the bout, the judges surprisingly rule in favor of Robinson and Joey feels he won only because he was enlisting into the US Army the following week. Jake is married to Vickie by 1947. As Jake\'s fears grow about Vickie having feelings for other men, particularly Tony Janiro, the opponent for his forthcoming fight, he shows off his sexual jealousy when he defeats Janiro in front of the local Mob boss, Tommy Como  and Vickie. As Joey discusses the victory with journalists at the Copacabana, he is distracted by seeing Vickie approach a table with Salvy and his crew. Joey speaks with Vickie, who says she is giving up on his brother. Blaming Salvy, Joey viciously attacks him in a fight that spills outside of the club. Como later orders them to apologize, and has Joey tell Jake that if he wants a chance at the championship title, which he has control over, he will have to take a dive first. In a match against Billy Fox, Jake does not even bother to put up a fight. He is suspended shortly thereafter from the board on suspicion of throwing the fight, though he realizes the error of his judgment when it is too late. Despite the suspension, he eventually wins the middleweight championship title against Marcel Cerdan in 1949. A year later, Jake asks Joey if he fought with Salvy at the Copacabana because of Vickie. Jake then asks if Joey had an affair with her; Joey refuses to answer, insults Jake, and decides to leave. Jake directly asks Vickie about the affair and she sarcastically states that she had sex with the entire neighborhood  after he breaks down the bathroom door where she briefly hides from him. Jake angrily walks to Joey\'s house and brutally beats him up in front of Vickie and Joey\'s wife and children. After defending his championship belt in a brutal fifteen round bout against Laurent Dauthuille in 1950,http://www.filmsite.org/ragi3.html he makes a call to his brother after the fight, but when Joey assumes Salvy is on the other end and starts insulting and cursing at him, Jake says nothing and hangs up. Estranged from Joey, Jake\'s career begins to decline slowly and he eventually loses his title to Sugar Ray Robinson in their final encounter in 1951.http://www.tcm.com/thismonth/article/?cidmrqe By 1956, Jake and his family have moved to Miami. After staying out all night at his new nightclub there, Vickie tells him she wants a divorce . He is later arrested for introducing under-age girls  to men and serves a jail sentence in 1957 after failing to raise enough bribe money by taking the jewels out of his championship belt instead of selling the belt itself. In his jail cell, Jake pounds the walls, sorrowfully questioning his misfortune and crying in despair. Upon returning to New York City in 1958, he happens upon his estranged brother Joey, who forgives him but is elusive. Going back to the beginning sequence, Jake refers to the "I coulda been a contender" scene from the 1954 movie On the Waterfront starring Marlon Brando complaining that his brother should have been there for him but is also keen enough to give himself some slack. After a stage hand informs him that the auditorium where he is about to perform is crowded, Jake starts to chant "I\'m the boss" while shadowboxing. The film ends with a Biblical quote. This quote was a reference to Martin Scorsese\'s film professor, Haig Manoogian to whom the film is dedicated as he died just before it was released. Scorsese credits Manoogian with helping him "to see". :"So, for the second time, [the Pharisees] :summoned the man who had been blind and said: :\'Speak the truth before God. :We know this fellow is a sinner.\' :\'Whether or not he is a sinner, I do not know.\' :the man replied. :\'All I know is this: :once I was blind and now I can see.\' :::John IX. 24-26 :::the New English Bible"'] ['The evening of July 4, in Las Vegas, Hank  and Frannie  break up while celebrating their fifth anniversary, due to Hank\'s insensitivity to Frannie\'s yearning for adventure and excitement. They both spend a night with their idealized partner—Leila, a nubile and beautiful circus girl , for Hank, and Ray, a dark, handsome musician , for Frannie. After their nights of passion, Hank breaks down and tracks Frannie to her lover\'s apartment and abducts her. On returning home she refuses to go in and walks away, saying that this time it is definitely goodbye forever. Hank follows her to the airport where she is about to leave for her dream trip to Bora Bora with Ray. Hank sings to her to prove he is willing to be more romantic, but she boards the plane, saying it is too late. Hank, distraught, goes home and is about to burn her clothes when Frannie returns, realising she "made a mistake".'] ["Badlands is narrated by Holly , a teenage girl living in a dead-end South Dakota town. One day she meets Kit , a rebellious young greaser who charms her and takes her as his accomplice on a cross-country killing spree. Holly's narration, describing her adventures with Kit with romantic clichés, is juxtaposed with the grim reality of Kit's sociopathic actions. The two are eventually arrested; Kit is executed for his crimes, while Holly receives probation."] ['The film covers the life of John Reed and Louise Bryant from their first meeting to Reed\'s final days in 1920 Russia. Interspersed throughout the narrative, several surviving "witnesses" from the time period give their recollections on Reed, Bryant, their colleagues and friends, and the era itself. A number of them have mixed views of Bryant and her relationship with Reed. In 1912, married socialite Bryant encounters the radical journalist John "Jack" Reed for the first time at a lecture in Portland, Oregon, and she is intrigued with his idealism. Upon meeting him for an interview on international politics which lasts over the course of a night, she realizes that writing has been her only escape from her frustrated high society existence. Inspired to leave her husband, Bryant joins Reed in Greenwich Village, New York City, and becomes acquainted with the local community of activists and artists, including anarchist and author Emma Goldman and the playwright Eugene O\'Neill. Later, they move to Provincetown, Massachusetts, to concentrate on their writing, becoming involved in the local theatre scene. Through her writing, Louise becomes a feminist and radical in her own right. Reed becomes involved in labor strikes with the "Reds" of the American Communist Labor Party. Obsessed with changing the world, he grows restless, and heads for St. Louis to cover the 1916 Democratic Convention. During Reed\'s absence, Louise falls into a complicated affair with the alcoholic playwright Eugene O\'Neill. Upon his return, Reed discovers the truth about the affair and realizes he still loves Louise. The two marry secretly and make a home together in Croton-on-Hudson, north of New York City, but still have conflicting desires. When Reed admits to his own infidelities, Bryant takes ship to Europe to work as a war correspondent. After a flare-up of a kidney disorder, Reed is warned to avoid excessive travel or stress, but he decides to take the same path. Reunited as professionals, the two find their passion rekindled as they are swept up in the fall of Russia\'s Czarist regime and the events of the 1917 Revolution. The second part of the film takes place shortly after the publication of Ten Days that Shook the World. Inspired by the idealism of the Revolution, Reed attempts to bring the spirit of Communism to the United States, because he is disillusioned with the policies imposed upon Communist Russia by Grigory Zinoviev and the Bolsheviks. While attempting to leave Europe, he is briefly imprisoned and interrogated in Finland. He returns to Russia and is reunited with Bryant at the railway station in Moscow. By this point, Reed is growing progressively weaker as a result of his kidney disorder. Bryant helps nurse the ailing Reed, who passes away. In fact, Reed is the only American to be buried in the Kremlin.'] ['In late 1890s Wyoming, Butch Cassidy  is the affable, clever, talkative leader of the outlaw Hole in the Wall Gang. His closest companion is the laconic dead-shot "Sundance Kid" . The two return to their hideout at Hole-in-the-Wall to discover that the rest of the gang, irked at Butch\'s long absences, have selected Harvey Logan  as their new leader. Harvey challenges Butch to a knife fight over the gang\'s leadership. Butch defeats him using trickery, but embraces his idea to rob the Union Pacific Overland Flyer train on both its eastward and westward runs, agreeing that the second robbery would be unexpected and likely reap even more money than the first. The first robbery goes well. To celebrate, Butch and Sundance visit a favorite brothel in a nearby town and watch, amused, as the town sheriff  unsuccessfully attempts to organize a posse to track down the gang. They then visit Sundance\'s lover, schoolteacher Etta Place . On the second train robbery, Butch uses too much dynamite to blow open the safe, blowing up the baggage car. As the gang scrambles to gather up the money, a second train arrives carrying a six-man team of lawmen. The robbers scatter but the posse heads after Butch and Sundance, who unsuccessfully try to hide out in the brothel and to seek amnesty from the friendly Sheriff Bledsoe . As the posse remains in pursuit despite all attempts to elude them, Butch and Sundance determine that the group includes renowned Indian tracker "Lord Baltimore" and relentless lawman Joe LeFors, recognizable by his white skimmer. Butch and Sundance finally elude their pursuers by jumping from a cliff into a river far below. They learn from Etta that the posse has been paid by Union Pacific head E. H. Harriman to remain on their trail until Butch and Sundance are both killed. Butch persuades Sundance and Etta that the three should escape to Bolivia, which Butch envisions as a robber\'s paradise. On their arrival there, a dismayed Sundance regards the country with contempt while Butch remains optimistic. They soon discover that they know too little Spanish to pull off a bank robbery, so Etta attempts to teach them the language. With her as an accomplice, they become successful bank robbers known as Los Bandidos Yanquis. However, their confidence drops when they see a man wearing a white skimmer and fear that Harriman\'s posse is still after them. Butch suggests "going straight", and he and Sundance land their first honest job as payroll guards for a mining company. However, they are ambushed by local bandits on their first run and their boss, Percy Garris , is killed. Butch and Sundance ambush and kill the bandits, the first time Butch has ever shot someone. Concluding that the straight life isn\'t for them, they return to robbery, but Etta decides to return to the United States. Butch and Sundance steal a payroll and the mules carrying it, and arrive in a small town. A boy recognizes the mules\' brand and alerts the local police, leading to a gunfight with the outlaws. They take cover in a building, but are both seriously wounded when Butch has to make a run to the mules for more ammunition. As dozens of Bolivian soldiers surround the area, Butch suggests the duo\'s next destination should be Australia. The film ends with a freeze frame shot on the pair charging out of the building, guns blazing, as the Bolivian forces fire repeatedly on them.'] ['The story is set in 1916.The film shows a 1916 newspaper, and a scene late in the film shows American soldiers headed off for World War I. Bill , a Chicago manual laborer, knocks down and kills a boss in the steel mill where he works. He flees to the Texas Panhandle with his girlfriend Abby  and younger sister Linda , who provides the film\'s narration. Bill and Abby pretend to be siblings to prevent gossip. The three hire on as part of a large group of seasonal workers with a rich, shy farmer . The farmer learns that he is dying of an unspecified disease. When he falls in love with Abby, Bill encourages her to marry him so that they can inherit his money after he dies. The marriage takes place and Bill stays on the farm as Abby\'s "brother." The farmer\'s foreman suspects their scheme. The farmer\'s health unexpectedly remains stable, foiling Bill\'s plans. Eventually, the farmer discovers Bill\'s true relationship with Abby. At the same time, Abby has begun to fall in love with her new husband. After a locust swarm and a fire destroy his wheat fields, the farmer goes after Bill with a gun, but Bill kills him. Bill then flees with Abby and Linda. The foreman and the police pursue and eventually find them, and the police kill Bill. Abby leaves Linda at a boarding school and goes off on her own.'] ['Paula McFadden  learns she has been dumped by her married boyfriend Tony DeForrest and that he has sublet the Manhattan apartment she lives in with her ten-year-old daughter Lucy . Elliot Garfield , a neurotic but sweet aspiring actor from Chicago, shows up shortly thereafter in the middle of the night, expecting to live there, as he now rents the apartment. Though Paula is demanding, and makes clear from the start that she doesn\'t like Elliot, he allows her and Lucy to stay. Paula struggles to get back into shape to try to resume her career as a dancer. Meanwhile, Elliot has his own problems. He has landed the title role in an off-off-Broadway production of Richard III, but the director, Mark , wants him to play the character as an exaggerated stereotype of a homosexual, in Mark\'s words, "the queen who wanted to be king." Reluctantly, Elliot agrees to play the role, despite full knowledge that it may mean the end of his career as an actor. Many theater critics from television stations and newspapers in New York City attend opening night, and they all savage the production, especially Elliot\'s performance. The play quickly closes, much to his relief. Despite their frequent clashes, Paula and Elliot fall in love and sleep together. Lucy, however, begins to dislike Elliot, seeing the affair as a repeat of what happened with Tony, who had also slept with Paula, but then left her. Soon after, Elliot is offered a fantastic opportunity for a role in a movie that he cannot turn down. The only catch is that the job is in Seattle and Elliot will be gone for four weeks. Paula is informed of this and is scared that Elliot is leaving her, never to return, like all the other men in her life. Desperate to make her believe him that he will return, at the last minute, Elliot invites Paula to go with him while he is filming the picture and suggests Lucy stay with a friend until they return. Paula declines, but is happy because she knows Elliot\'s invitation is evidence that he loves her and will come back. As he leaves for the trip, Paula realizes that he left his prized guitar behind purposely, signaling that he indeed will return, and that he really does love her.'] ['Johnny Hooker, a grifter from Depression-era Joliet, Illinois, cons $11,000 in cash from an unsuspecting victim, with the aid of his partners Luther Coleman and Joe Erie. Buoyed by the windfall, Luther announces his retirement and advises Hooker to seek out an old friend, Henry Gondorff, in Chicago, to teach him “the big con.” Unfortunately, their victim was a numbers racket courier for vicious crime boss Doyle Lonnegan. Corrupt Joliet police Lieutenant William Snyder confronts Hooker, revealing Lonnegan\'s involvement and demanding part of Hooker’s cut. Having already spent his cut, Hooker pays Snyder in counterfeit bills. Lonnegan\'s men murder Luther, and Hooker flees for his life to Chicago. Gondorff, a once-great con-man now hiding out from the FBI, is initially reluctant to take on the dangerous Lonnegan. However, Gondorff relents and decides to resurrect an elaborate and supposedly obsolete scam known as "the wire", using a large number of con artists to create a phony off-track betting parlor. Aboard the opulent 20th Century Limited, Gondorff, posing as boorish Chicago bookie "Shaw", buys his way into Lonnegan\'s private high-stakes poker game and out-cheats Lonnegan, winning $15,000 from him and making Lonnegan furious. Hooker, posing as Shaw\'s disgruntled employee "Kelly", is sent to collect the winnings and instead convinces Lonnegan that he wants to take over Shaw\'s operation. Kelly reveals that he has a partner named Les Harmon  in the Chicago Western Union office, who will allow them to win bets on horse races by past-posting. Meanwhile, Snyder has tracked Hooker to Chicago, but his pursuit is thwarted when he is summoned by undercover FBI agents led by Agent Polk, who orders him to assist in their scheme to arrest Gondorff using Hooker. Additionally, Lonnegan has grown frustrated with his men\'s inability to find and kill Hooker. Unaware that “Kelly” is Hooker, he demands that "Salino," his best assassin, kill Hooker. A mysterious figure with black leather gloves is soon seen following and observing Hooker. Kelly\'s connection appears effective, as Harmon provides Lonnegan with the winner of one horse race and the trifecta of another race. Lonnegan agrees to finance a $500,000 bet at Shaw\'s parlor to break Shaw and gain revenge. Shortly thereafter, Snyder captures Hooker and brings him before FBI Agent Polk. Polk forces Hooker to betray Gondorff by threatening to incarcerate Luther Coleman\'s widow. The night before the sting, Hooker sleeps with Loretta, a waitress at a local restaurant. As Hooker leaves the building the next morning, he sees Loretta walking toward him. The black-gloved man appears behind Hooker and shoots Loretta dead, later revealing her to be "Loretta Salino", Lonnegan\'s hired killer. The black-gloved man had been hired by Gondorff to protect Hooker. Armed with Harmon’s tip to "place it on Lucky Dan", Lonnegan makes a $500,000 bet at Shaw’s parlor on Lucky Dan to win. As the race begins, Harmon arrives and expresses shock at Lonnegan\'s bet, explaining that when he had said "place it" he had meant, literally, that Lucky Dan would "place" . In a panic, Lonnegan rushes the teller window and demands his money back. Just then, Agent Polk, Lt. Snyder, and half a dozen FBI officers storm the parlor. Polk confronts Gondorff, then tells Hooker he is free to go. Gondorff, reacting to the betrayal, shoots Hooker in the back; Polk then shoots Gondorff and orders Snyder to get Lonnegan away from the crime scene. With Lonnegan and Snyder safely away, Hooker and Gondorff rise amid cheers and laughter. Agent Polk is actually Hickey, a con man, running a con atop Gondorff\'s con to divert Snyder and provide a solid "blow off" to Gondorff\'s con. Hooker and Gondorff depart as the other con men strip the room of its contents.'] ["A romantic comedy, They All Laughed is set in New York City, largely filmed outdoors on the streets, and tells the story of three private detectives investigating two beautiful women for infidelity. The detectives eventually wind up romantically pursuing the women, who turn the tables on them. They All Laughed is an updating of La Ronde, both in tone and theme. Detective John Russo  attempts to cheat on his girlfriend, country singer Christy Miller , with a blonde taxi driver , with the connivance of his colleague Arthur Brodsky . He has met the taxi driver en route from a meeting in which he's been assigned to follow Angela Niotes , wife of a European tycoon. Detective Charles Rutledge  falls in love with Dolores Martin , whose husband has also hired him to spy on her. Rutledge is cautioned against this infatuation by his buddy Arthur. Feeling slighted by Russo's infidelity, Christy Miller throws herself at Rutledge but she ultimately falls in love with Dolores Martin's extramarital paramour Jose . Russo's pursuit of Angela leads him to fall in love with her."] ['The film opens in a Montreal apartment, where a woman named Lisa  waits for an old man to sew bags of heroin into the cloth body of an old-fashioned doll. As she leaves the apartment with the doll, we see the man watching her leave, then dialing someone on the phone. Lisa takes the doll with her on an airline flight to New York City, but when, on disembarking, she sees a man watching her, she becomes worried and gives the doll for safekeeping to a man she\'d spoken with on the plane, professional photographer Sam Hendrix . The man who\'d been watching Lisa then roughly escorts her away. Later, when Lisa calls Sam to ask for the doll, Sam and his wife are unable to find it. Some time afterward, small-time con artist Mike Talman  and his partner Carlino  arrive at the basement apartment where Sam lives with his wife Susy , who is blind. The two men watch until both the apartment\'s occupants have left, then enter. The con men have an appointment with Lisa, who\'d been their partner in crime prior to the recent imprisonment of both, but they are met instead by Harry Roat, Jr. , whom the audience recognizes as the man who watched and met Lisa at the airport. After discovering Lisa\'s body hanging in a garment bag, Talman and Carlino want to make a quick exit, but Roat points out that they have left their fingerprints all over the apartment, while he has worn gloves. Roat is then able to prevail upon the two to help him dispose of Lisa\'s body--he\'d caught her going into business for herself, he explains--and to help him try to find the heroin-stuffed doll. Later that day, Susy\'s neighbor leaves for the weekend, and Sam leaves for a business trip the next morning. Once Susy is alone, the criminals begin an elaborate con game: In order to gain entry into the apartment, Talman poses as a friend of Sam\'s, Carlino poses as a policeman, and Roat poses first as an old man and then as the man\'s son. Using first an innocuous story about Sam and the doll, then a darker one implying that Lisa has been murdered and that Sam will be suspected, the men persuade Susy to help them find the doll. Talman gives her the number for the phone booth across the street as his own after falsely warning her of a police car stationed outside. During this time, Susy has grown suspicious of Carlino and Roat, and Gloria , a girl who lives upstairs and is paid by the couple to help Susy with errands, has been going in and out of the apartment, sometimes without Susy\'s noticing that she is there. After Talman leaves, Gloria sneaks into the apartment carrying the doll, which she stole some time earlier. She tells Susy there is no police car outside, and Susy discovers the doll. Wanting to confirm her suspicions about Carlino and Roat, Susy tells Gloria to go home and watch the phone booth. If a man goes into it, Gloria is to phone Susy, let the phone ring twice, and hang up. Gloria tells Susy she can signal her by banging on the pipes. On Carlino\'s next visit, after he calls Roat at the phone booth, Gloria sends Susy the telephone signal, and she sends the signal a second time after Susy calls Talman to tell him she has the doll. Finally realizing that Talman is a criminal, Susy hides the doll. When he walks in with Corlino and Roat following quietly, she tells him the doll is at Sam\'s studio. The criminals leave after Roat cuts the telephone cord. When Susy bangs on the pipes, Gloria comes in and Susy sends her to the bus station in a taxi to wait for Sam. When Susy discovers that the telephone cord has been cut, she prepares to defend herself by putting the criminals in the dark along with her, breaking all the bulbs in the apartment\'s light fixtures. She also pours a chemical into a bowl. When Talman returns, she refuses to cooperate. Talman has spent the most time with Susy and he has come to admire her for her quiet strength and ability to stand up to the three criminals, despite her disability. He admits to her that he and his confederates are part of a criminal plot and that Sam, as Susy suspected, is completely innocent of any involvement, while Roat is a particular danger. Susy needn\'t worry, though, Talman says, as he has sent Carlino to kill Roat. However, Roat has killed Carlino instead, and, as Talman prepares to leave, pausing to say something to Susy as he stands in the doorway, Roat stabs him in the back. Intent on acquiring the doll, Roat chains the door shut in the dark apartment, pours gasoline on the floor, and sets a piece of newspaper on fire. A desperate battle follows in which Susy throws the chemical in Roat\'s face and she forces him to put out the fire. But the battle ends when Roat obtains light by opening the refrigerator, whose door he props open with a rag in the hinge. Susy, weeping, pulls the doll out from its hiding place and hands it to him. While Roat cuts open the doll and gloats over the treasure inside, Susy is able, unnoticed by him, to arm herself with a large kitchen knife. Roat then pushes Susy towards the bedroom, making an ambiguous threat as to his intentions. As he pushes her forward, Susy suddenly turns and stabs Roat in the belly. She flees his grasp, but is unable to escape through the chained door. She stumbles across the floor toward the kitchen window to scream for help, but Roat unexpectedly leaps out from the darkened bedroom and grabs her ankle. Screaming, Susy wrenches free, but the dying Roat doggedly pursues her, using the knife with which she stabbed him to drag himself across the floor. Susy is at the refrigerator, trying to close its door and thus extinguish its light, unaware of the rag that is preventing its closure. She then gropes for the refrigerator\'s cord, murmuring desperately, "Where is it?" As the reeling Roat stands with his last strength and staggers toward her with the knife, Susy\'s scream merges with the sound of a police siren, and the scene switches to the arrival of police cars outside the apartment. When the police enter with Sam and Gloria, Sam finds an unbroken light bulb and we see the room littered with the bodies of Talman and Roat, but no Susy. Finally, as Sam calls out for her, the door of the unplugged refrigerator moves, and Susy emerges from behind it, alive.'] ['Four Atlanta businessmen, Lewis , Ed , Bobby  and Drew , decide to canoe down the Cahulawassee River in the remote Georgia wilderness, expecting to have fun and see the glory of nature before the river valley is flooded by the construction of a dam. Lewis, an experienced outdoorsman, is the leader. Ed is also a veteran of several trips but lacks Lewis\' machismo. Bobby and Drew are novices. The four are clearly the outsiders in this rural location. The crude locals are unimpressed by the "city boys;" it is also implied that some of the locals are inbred. While attempting to secure drivers for their vehicles , Drew briefly connects with a local banjo-playing boy by joining him in an impromptu bluegrass jam. When they finish, however, the boy turns away without saying anything, refusing the effusive Drew\'s handshake. The four men exhibit a slightly condescending attitude toward the locals; Bobby, in particular, is very patronizing and even derides the locals to his companions for seeming to display genetic defects. The men spend the day canoeing down the river in pairs before camping by the riverside at night. Shortly before they retire for bed, Lewis tells the others to be quiet and disappears into the dark woods to investigate a sound he heard. He returns shortly and says that he did not find anything. When asked whether he heard something or someone, he tells them he does not know. While traveling the next day, the group\'s two canoes are separated. Pulling ashore to get their bearings, Bobby and Ed encounter a pair of unkempt hillbillies emerging from the woods, one toothless and carrying a shotgun. After some tense conversation in which the hillbillies appear to be goading the others, Ed speculates that the two locals have a moonshine still hidden in the woods and Bobby amicably offers to buy some. The hillbillies are not moved and Bobby is forced at gunpoint to strip naked. Bobby is next chased, humiliated, ordered to "squeal like a pig" and is then violently sodomized. Ed is unable to help because he has been tied to a tree and is held by the toothless hillbilly. Meanwhile, Lewis and Drew dock their canoe. Hearing the commotion, Lewis secretly sneaks up and kills the rapist with an arrow from his hunting bow; Ed grabs the shotgun as the other captor quickly vanishes into the woods. Lewis and Drew argue about whether to inform the authorities. Lewis insists that they would not receive a fair trial and that the jury would be composed of the dead man\'s friends and relatives. Bobby agrees and does not want the incident of his rape to become public. Lewis tells them that since the entire area would be flooded by a lake soon, the body will never be found and the escaped hillbilly could not inform the authorities since he had participated in the incident. The men vote 3-to-1 to side with Lewis\' recommendation to bury the dead hillbilly\'s body and continue as though nothing had happened. During the digging, Drew, the lone dissenting voter, is clearly upset and having trouble coming to terms with the decision. The four make a run for it downriver, cutting their trip short, but soon disaster strikes as the canoes reach a dangerous stretch of rapids. In the lead canoe, Ed repeatedly implores Drew to don his life jacket, but Drew ignores him without a word of explanation. As Drew and Ed reach the rapids, Drew\'s head appears to shake and he falls forward into the river. After Drew disappears into the river, Ed loses control of his canoe and both canoes collide with the rocks, spilling Lewis, Bobby and Ed into the river. Lewis breaks his leg and the others are washed ashore alongside him. The badly-injured Lewis believes the toothless hillbilly shot Drew and is now stalking them. Later that night, under cover of darkness, Ed climbs a nearby rock face in order to dispatch the suspected shooter using his bow, while Bobby stays behind to look after Lewis. Ed reaches the top and hides out until the next morning, when he sees the man he was looking for standing on the cliff holding a rifle, looking down into the gorge where Lewis and Bobby are hiding. The man appears to be the hillbilly that escaped through the woods. Ed, a champion archer who earlier lost his nerve while aiming at a deer, again freezes in spite of his clear shot. The man notices him and fires as the former champion clumsily releases his arrow. Ed falls to the ground in a panic and accidentally stabs himself with another of his arrows. The man reaches the wounded Ed and is about to kill him when he collapses, revealing Ed\'s arrow sticking through the man\'s neck. Ed remembers that the hillbilly who tried to assault him had no front teeth, and upon initial examination, the dead man seems to have all of them. Ed examines his victim\'s dentition more closely and discovers he has a partial, movable plate for his front two missing teeth. Ed lowers the body down the cliff with a rope and climbs down after it. His rope breaks and he falls in the river, but swims to shore and meets with Bobby and Lewis. Bobby asks more than once if Ed is certain the dead man is the same as the one they confronted earlier. Ed, clearly irritated and not completely sure himself, snaps at Bobby and asks him to confirm the man\'s identity. Ed and Bobby weigh the dead hillbilly down with stones and drop him into the river. Later, they come upon Drew\'s grotesquely-contorted corpse and after being unable to find any definite gunshot wound, they also weigh it down into the river. Ed points out that they don\'t want the authorities examining Drew\'s body and possibly discovering a gunshot wound. Ed gives a short eulogy and sinks it in the river to ensure that it will never be found. With Lewis injured and Drew dead, Ed now becomes the leader, trying to ensure their story is consistent, knowing the local authorities will investigate. When they finally reach their destination, the town of Aintry, which will soon be submerged by the river and is being evacuated, they take the injured Lewis to the local hospital while the sheriff comes to investigate the incident. One of the Deputies, named Arthur Queen, has a missing brother-in-law  and is highly suspicious. Ed and Bobby visit Lewis\' hospital room to make sure Lewis\' version of events is consistent with theirs. They are unsure if the apparently unconscious Lewis understands them, however as the doctors enter, Lewis appears to awaken, gives Ed and Bobby a knowing wink and says he remembers nothing. Later, as the men prepare to drive home, the sheriff suddenly asks Ed why there were four life jackets when only Lewis, Ed and Bobby came out of the river. Stammering, Bobby suggests there may have been an extra one, then realizes his mistake. But Ed says no, that Drew was not wearing his life jacket and he does not know why. The sheriff remains suspicious, but having no evidence simply tells Ed, "Don\'t ever do nothin\' like this again. Don\'t come back up here. I\'d kinda like to see this town die peaceful," to which Ed readily agrees. The men vow to keep their story a secret for the rest of their lives, which proves to be psychologically burdensome for Ed; in the final scene, he awakes screaming from a nightmare in which a dead man\'s hand rises from the lake.'] [' Jack Torrance  arrives at the Overlook Hotel to interview for the position of winter caretaker, with the aim of using the hotel\'s solitude to work on his writing. The hotel itself is built on the site of a Native American burial ground and becomes completely snowed in during the long winters. Manager Stuart Ullman  warns him that a previous caretaker developed cabin fever and killed his family and himself. Jack\'s son, Danny , has ESP and has had a terrifying premonition about the hotel. Jack\'s wife, Wendy , tells a visiting doctor that Danny has an imaginary friend called Tony and that Jack has given up drinking because he had hurt Danny\'s arm after a binge. The family arrives at the hotel on closing day and is given a tour. The African-AmericanHallorann\'s race is of much greater significance in King\'s novel IT than in this story, although in the film the ghost butler and Jack Torrance refer to Hallorann using racial slurs . African-Americans with supernatural powers are a recurring motif in King\'s novels. chef Dick Hallorann  surprises Danny by telepathically offering him ice cream. He explains to Danny that he and his grandmother shared this telepathic ability, which he calls "shining". Danny asks if there is anything to be afraid of in the hotel, particularly Room 237. Hallorann tells Danny that the hotel itself has a "shine" to it along with many memories, not all of which are good. He also tells Danny to stay out of Room 237. A month passes; while Jack\'s writing project goes nowhere, Danny and Wendy explore the hotel\'s hedge maze. Wendy becomes concerned about the phone lines being out due to the heavy snowfall and Danny has more frightening visions. Jack, increasingly frustrated, starts acting strangely and becomes prone to violent outbursts. Danny\'s curiosity about Room 237 gets the better of him when he sees the room\'s door open. Later, he shows up injured and visibly traumatized, causing Wendy to accuse Jack of abusing Danny. Jack wanders into the hotel\'s Gold Room where he meets a ghostly bartender named Lloyd . Lloyd serves him bourbon on the rocks while Jack complains to him about his marriage. Wendy later tells Jack that Danny told her that a "crazy woman in one of the rooms" was responsible for his injuries. Jack investigates Room 237 where he encounters the ghost of a dead woman, but tells Wendy he saw nothing. Wendy and Jack argue about whether Danny should be removed from the hotel and a furious Jack returns to the Gold Room, now filled with ghosts having a costume party. Here, he meets the ghost of the previous caretaker, Grady , who tells Jack that he must "correct" his wife and child. Meanwhile, in Florida, Hallorann has a premonition that something is wrong at the hotel and takes a flight back to Colorado to investigate. Danny starts calling out "redrum" frantically and goes into a trance, now referring to himself as "Tony".{{anchor}} While searching for Jack, Wendy discovers his typewriter; he has been typing endless pages of manuscript repeating "all work and no play makes Jack a dull boy" formatted in various styles. She is confronted by Jack, who threatens her before she knocks him unconscious with a baseball bat. She manages to drag him into the kitchen and lock him in the pantry, but this does not solve her larger problem; she and Danny are trapped at the hotel since Jack has sabotaged the hotel\'s two-way radio and snowcat. Later, Jack converses through the pantry door with Grady, who then unlocks the door, releasing him. Danny writes "REⱭЯUM" in lipstick on the bathroom door. When Wendy sees this in the bedroom mirror, the letters spell out "MURDƎЯ".In both forwards and backwards orientations, two of the six letters are displayed backwards, the middle DR for REDRUM and the final ER for MURDER. Jack begins to chop through the door leading to his family\'s living quarters with a fire axe. Wendy frantically sends Danny out through the bathroom window, but can\'t get through it herself. Jack then starts chopping through the bathroom door as Wendy screams in horror; he leers through the hole he has made, shouting "Here\'s Johnny!", but backs off after Wendy slashes his hand with a butcher knife. Hearing the engine of the snowcat Hallorann has borrowed to get up the mountain, Jack leaves the room. He kills Hallorann in the lobby and pursues Danny into the hedge maze. Wendy runs through the hotel looking for Danny, encountering several ghosts and a huge cascade of blood from an elevator. Meanwhile, Danny walks backwards in his own tracks and leaps behind a corner, covering his tracks with snow to mislead Jack, who is following his footprints. Wendy and Danny escape in Hallorann\'s snowcat, while Jack freezes to death in the hedge maze. In a photograph in the hotel hallway dated July 4, 1921, Jack Torrance smiles amid a crowd of party revelers.'] ['Stationed in Norfolk, Virginia, U.S. Navy sailors, Billy "Badass" Buddusky  and "Mule" Mulhall  are assigned shore patrol detail to escort young sailor Larry Meadows  to Portsmouth Naval Prison near Portsmouth, New Hampshire. Meadows has drawn a stiff eight-year sentence for a petty crime: trying to steal $40 from a mite box of the C.O.\'s wife\'s favorite charity. During their train trip up the northeast corridor, the oddly likeable Meadows begins to grow on the two Navy "lifers"; they know the grim reality of the Marine guards at Portsmouth, and feel sorry he\'ll miss his youth serving his sentence. They decide to show him a good time before delivering him to the brig. With several days to spare before they are due in Portsmouth, the trio detrains at the major cities along the route to provide bon-voyage adventures for Meadows. In Washington, they take him to a bar to have a beer, but are denied because Meadows is too young. Buddusky gets a few six packs and a hotel room, and the three get drunk. In Philadelphia, they seek out Meadows\'s mother, only to find her away for the day and the house cluttered with empty whiskey bottles. In New York, they take him ice skating at Rockefeller Center and then in Boston, to a brothel to lose his virginity. In between, they brawl with Marines in a public restroom, dine on "the world\'s finest" Italian sausage sandwich, chant with Nichiren Shōshū Buddhists and open intimate windows for each other in swaying train coaches. Meadows pronounces his several days with Badass and Mule to be the best of his whole life. When they finally arrive in frozen Portsmouth, Meadows has a final request – a picnic – so they buy some hot dogs and attempt a frigid picnic in the crunching snow. Docile Meadows walks along the park, seemingly ready to head to prison. He suddenly bolts, though, in a last-ditch effort to run away. Buddusky runs after him, catches him, and pistol-whips him fiercely. Mulhall and Buddusky then brusquely take Meadows to the prison, execute the Navy paperwork, and after being released from their detail, they stride away angrily, berating the marines they have encountered at the prison – and about how hopefully their orders will come through when they get back to Norfolk.'] ['The minimal plot involves two women whose personalities are in sharp contrast when they first meet and move in together. The third woman of the titular three is a key supporting character—a mural artist  who owns, with her husband, the same apartment building. The events take place in a small desert community typical of those found east of Los Angeles. For obvious reasons the film has a dream-like quality, focusing more on behavior, mood and mystery than on plot devices. What the film is about exactly is open to interpretation, and even Altman said he was not sure what the ending means but has a "theory" about what happens. What is clear is that the two principal characters undergo a transformation in which they exchange their relative status to each other. In this way, 3 Women has a kinship with Bergman\'s Persona . Duvall plays Mildred "Millie" Lammoreaux, a woman who is very confident of her personal charisma, and her attractiveness to men in particular, despite the fact that the men she hits on openly mock her. In the director\'s commentary on the Criterion edition, Altman claims that Duvall was responsible for creating her character\'s diary entries, recipes, and much of her dialog in the film. Spacek plays Pinky Rose, a naive, childlike woman, who refuses to talk about her past and who initially idolizes Duvall, but eventually comes to dominate her. They both work at a physical therapy facility and much of the film takes place at their apartment building, where the third woman, Willie Hart, played by Janice Rule, creates striking and somewhat unsettling murals .'] ['In futuristic London, Alex  is the leader of his "droogs", Pete , Georgie , and Dim , one of many youth gangs in the decaying metropolis. One night, after intoxicating themselves on "milk plus", they engage in an evening of "ultra-violence", including beating an elderly vagrant , and fighting a rival gang led by Billyboy .Both Burgess\' novel and Stanley Kubrick\'s published movie script have this character\'s name as one word "Billyboy" although the Internet Movie Database lists him in the credits with two words "Billy Boy". Stealing a car, they drive to the country home of writer F. Alexander ([[Patrick Magee , where they beat Mr. Alexander to the point of crippling him for life. Alex then rapes his wife  while intoning "Singin\' in the Rain". The next day, while truant from school, Alex is approached by probation officer Mr. P. R. Deltoid , who is aware of Alex\'s violence and cautions him. In response, Alex visits a record store where he picks up two girls. Alex and the girls have sex in a fast-motion scene. After the events of the night before, his droogs express discontent with Alex\'s petty crimes, demanding more equality and more high-yield thefts. Alex reasserts his leadership by attacking them and throwing them into a canal. That night, Alex invades the mansion of a wealthy "cat"-woman , filled with erotic art. While his droogs remain at the front door, Alex bludgeons the woman with a phallic statue. At the climax of the attack, close-ups of the erotic paintings on the walls are barely visible in single-frame sequences. Hearing police sirens, Alex tries to run away, but is betrayed by his droogs. Dim smashes a pint bottle of milk across his face, leaving him stunned and bleeding. Alex is captured and brutally beaten by the police. A gloating Deltoid spits in his face and informs him that the woman subsequently died in the hospital, making him a murderer. Alex is sentenced to 14 years incarceration. Two years into the sentence, the Minister of the Interior  arrives at the prison looking for test subjects for the Ludovico technique, an experimental aversion therapy for rehabilitating criminals within two weeks; Alex readily volunteers. The process involves drugging the subject, strapping him to a chair, propping his eyelids open, and forcing him to watch violent movies. Alex, initially pleased by the violent images he sees, becomes nauseated due to the drugs. He realizes that one of the films\' soundtracks is by his favourite composer, Ludwig van Beethoven, and that the Ludovico technique will make him sick when he hears the music he loves. He tries unsuccessfully to end the treatment. After two weeks of the Ludovico technique, the Minister of the Interior puts on a demonstration to prove that Alex is "cured". He is shown to be incapable of fighting back against an actor  who insults and attacks him, and he becomes violently ill at the sight of a topless woman . Though the prison chaplain  protests at the results, saying that "there\'s no morality without choice", the prison governor  asserts that they are not interested in the moral questions but only "the means to prevent violence". Alex is released and finds that his possessions have been confiscated by the police to help make restitution to his victims, and that his parents have rented out his room. Homeless, Alex encounters the same elderly vagrant from before, who attacks him with several other friends. Alex is saved by two policemen but is shocked to discover they are two of his former droogs, Dim and Georgie. They drag Alex to the countryside, where they beat and nearly drown him. The dazed Alex wanders the countryside before coming to the home of Mr Alexander, and collapses. Alex wakes up to find himself being treated by Mr Alexander and his manservant, Julian . Mr Alexander does not recognize Alex as his attacker but has read about his treatment in the newspapers. Seeing Alex as a political weapon to usurp the government, Mr Alexander intends to expose the Ludovico technique as a step toward totalitarianism by way of mind control. As Mr. Alexander prepares to introduce Alex to colleagues , he hears Alex singing "Singin\' in the Rain" in the bath, and the memories of the earlier assault return. With his colleagues\' help, Mr. Alexander drugs Alex and places him in a locked upstairs bedroom, playing Beethoven\'s Ninth Symphony through the floor below. Alex, in excruciating pain, throws himself from the window and is knocked unconscious by the fall. Alex wakes up in a hospital, having dreamt about doctors messing around inside his head. While being given a series of psychological tests, Alex finds that he no longer has an aversion to violence. The Minister of the Interior arrives and apologizes to Alex, letting him know that Mr Alexander has been "put away". He offers to take care of Alex and get him a job in return for cooperation with his PR counter-offensive. As a sign of goodwill, the Minister brings in a stereo system playing Beethoven\'s Ninth Symphony. Alex then realizes that instead of an adverse reaction to the music, he sees an image of himself having sex in the snow with a woman in front of an approving crowd dressed in Beethoven-era fashion. He then states, in a sarcastic and menacing voice-over, "I was cured, all right!"'] ['Note: This plot is for the non-censored version of the film. Some scenes described below are omitted from other versions. In 17th Century France, Cardinal Richelieu  is influencing Louis XIII  in an attempt to gain further power. He convinces Louis that the fortifications of cities throughout France should be demolished to prevent Protestants from uprising. Louis agrees, but forbids Richelieu from carrying out demolitions in the town of Loudun, having made a promise to its governor not to damage the town. Meanwhile, in Loudun, the Governor has died, leaving control of the city to Urbain Grandier , a dissolute and proud but popular and well-regarded priest. He is having an affair with a relative of Father Canon Mignon , another priest in the town, unaware that the deformed, neurotic Sister Jeanne , head of the local convent, is sexually obsessed with him. She asks for Grandier to become the convent\'s new confessor. Grandier secretly marries another woman, Madeline De Brou , but news of this reaches Sister Jeanne, driving her to insanity . Baron Jean de Laubardemont  arrives with orders to demolish the city, overriding Grandier\'s orders to stop. Grandier summons the town\'s soldiers and forces Laubardemont to back down pending the arrival of an order for the demolition from King Louis. Grandier departs Loudun to visit the King. In the meantime, Sister Jeanne is informed by Father Mignon that he is to be her new confessor. She informs him of Grandier\'s marriage and affairs, and also inadvertently accuses Grandier of witchcraft and of possessing her. Mignon relays this information to Laubardemont. In the process, the information is boiled down to just the claim that Grandier has bewitched the convent and has had commerce with the Devil. With Grandier away from Loudon, Laubardemont and Mignon decide to find evidence against him. Laubardemont summons the lunatic inquisitor Father Pierre Barre , a "professional witch-hunter", whose interrogations actually involve depraved acts of "exorcism", including the forced administration of enemas to his victims. Sister Jeanne claims that Grandier has bewitched her, and the other nuns do the same. A public exorcism erupts in the town, in which nuns remove their clothes and enter a state of religious frenzy. Duke Henri de Condé  arrives, claiming to be carrying a holy relic which can remove the "devils" possessing the nuns. Father Barre "exorcises" the nuns with it. They appear as though they have been cured &ndash; until Condé/Louis reveals the case allegedly containing the relic to be empty. Despite this proof that the possessions and the exorcisms are a sham, both continue unabated, eventually descending into a massed orgy in which the nuns sexually assault and desecrate a statue of Christ. In the midst of the chaos, Grandier and his wife return and are immediately arrested. After being given a ridiculous show trial, Grandier is shaven and tortured — although at his execution he eventually manages to convince Mignon that he is innocent. The judges, clearly under orders from Laubardemont, sentence Grandier to death by burning at the stake. Laubardemont has also obtained permission to destroy the city\'s fortifications. Despite pressure on Grandier to confess to the trumped-up charges, he refuses. He is then taken to be burnt at the stake. His executioner promises to strangle him rather than let him suffer the agonising death by fire that he would otherwise experience. However, the overzealous Barre starts the fire himself, and Mignon, now visibly panic-stricken about the possibility of Grandier\'s innocence, pulls the noose tight before it can be used to strangle the priest. As Grandier burns, Laubardemont gives the order for explosive charges to be set off and the city walls are blown up, causing the people to flee. After the execution, Barre leaves Loudun to continue his witch-hunting activities elsewhere in the southwest of France. Laubardemont informs Sister Jeanne that Mignon has been put away in an asylum for claiming that Grandier was innocent , and that "with no signed confession to prove otherwise, everyone has the same opinion". He gives her one of Grandier\'s charred bones and leaves. Sister Jeanne, now completely broken, masturbates pathetically with the charred femur. Grandier\'s wife, having been released, is seen walking away from the ruined city as the film ends.'] ['The commercial towing spaceship Nostromo is on a return trip from Thedus to Earth, hauling a refinery and twenty million tons of mineral ore, and carrying its seven-member crew in stasis. Upon receiving a transmission of unknown origin from a nearby planetoid, the ship\'s computer awakens the crew.In the script and film the computer is referred to by the crew members as "Mother". An October 1979 issue of Fantastic Films magazine, as well as the back of the 1980 Fox videodisk of the film, explain that "Mother" is an abbreviation for "MU/TH/UR 6000", the model of the computer. The chapter list for Alien in the 2003 Alien Quadrilogy DVD set also lists it as "MU/TH/UR". The 1997 sequel Alien Resurrection, the fourth film in the series, echoed this element by having the crew of the Auriga refer to the ship\'s onboard computer as "Father." McIntee, 25, 119. Acting on standing orders from their corporate employers, the crew detaches the Nostromo from the refinery and lands on the planetoid, resulting in some damage to the ship. Captain Dallas , Executive Officer Kane , and Navigator Lambert  set out to investigate the signal\'s source while Warrant Officer Ripley , Science Officer Ash , and Engineers Brett  and Parker  stay behind to monitor their progress and make repairs. Dallas, Kane, and Lambert discover that the signal is coming from a derelict alien spacecraft. Inside it they find the remains of a large alien creature whose ribs appear to have been forced outward from the inside. Meanwhile, the Nostromo\'s computer partially deciphers the signal transmission, which Ripley determines to be some type of warning. Kane discovers a vast chamber containing numerous eggs, one of which releases a creature that attaches itself to his face. Dallas and Lambert carry the unconscious Kane back to the Nostromo, where Ash allows them inside against Ripley\'s orders to follow the ship\'s quarantine protocol. They unsuccessfully attempt to remove the creature from Kane\'s face, discovering that its blood is an extremely corrosive acid. Eventually the creature detaches on its own and is found dead. With the ship repaired, the crew resume their trip back to Earth. Kane awakens seemingly unharmed, but during a meal before re-entering stasis he begins to choke and convulse until an alien creature bursts from his chest, killing him and escaping into the ship. Lacking conventional weapons, the crew attempt to locate and capture the creature by fashioning motion trackers, electric prods, and flamethrowers. Brett follows the crew\'s cat into a large room where the now-fully-grown Alien attacks him and disappears with his body into the ship\'s air shafts. Dallas enters the shafts intending to force the Alien into an airlock where it can be expelled into space, but it ambushes him. Lambert implores the remaining crew members to escape in the ship\'s shuttle, but Ripley, now in command, explains that the shuttle will not support four people. Accessing the ship\'s computer, Ripley discovers that Ash has been ordered to return the Alien to the Nostromo\'s corporate employers even at the expense of the crew\'s lives. Ash attacks her, but Parker intervenes and decapitates him with a blow from a fire extinguisher, revealing Ash to be an android. Before Parker incinerates him, Ash predicts that the other crew members will not survive. The remaining three crew members plan to arm the Nostromo\'s self-destruct mechanism and escape in the shuttle, but Parker and Lambert are killed by the Alien while gathering the necessary supplies. Ripley initiates the self-destruct sequence and heads for the shuttle with the cat, but finds the Alien blocking her way. She unsuccessfully attempts to abort the self-destruct, then returns to find the Alien gone and narrowly escapes in the shuttle as the Nostromo explodes. As she prepares to enter stasis, Ripley discovers that the Alien is aboard the shuttle. She puts on a space suit and opens the hatch, causing explosive decompression which forces the Alien to the open doorway. She shoots it with a grappling gun which propels it out, but the gun is yanked from her hands and catches in the closing door, tethering the Alien to the shuttle. It attempts to crawl into one of the engines, but Ripley activates them and blasts the Alien into space. She then puts herself and the cat into stasis for the return trip to Earth.'] ['U.S. Army Captain and special operations veteran Benjamin L. Willard  has returned from action to Saigon where he drinks heavily and destroys his hotel room. Intelligence officers Lieutenant General Corman  and Colonel Lucas  approach him with an assignment: Willard must follow the Nung River into the remote Cambodian jungle, find rogue U.S. Army Special Forces Colonel Walter E. Kurtz  and kill him. Kurtz apparently went insane and now commands his own Montagnard troops inside neutral Cambodia. Willard joins a U.S. Navy PBR commanded by Chief Petty Officer George "Chief" Phillips ([[Albert Hall  and crewmen Lance Johnson , Jay "Chef" Hicks  and Tyrone "Mr. Clean" Miller . For escort they rendezvous with reckless Lieutenant Colonel Bill Kilgore , who commands a squadron of attack helicopters. Initially scoffing at them, Kilgore befriends Johnson as both are keen surfers. When Willard suggests the Viet Cong-filled coastal mouth of the Nung River, Kilgore accepts due to the surfing conditions there. After napalm strikes and Ride of the Valkyries playing over the chopper loudspeakers, the beach is taken and Kilgore orders others to surf it amid enemy fire. While Kilgore nostalgically regales everyone about a previous strike, Willard gathers his men to the PBR, which had been transported from a helicopter. Willard sifts through files of Kurtz, learning he was a model officer and possible future general, a top soldier in the field. Navigating upstream, the crew encounters a tiger and later visit a supply depot USO show featuring Playboy Playmates. The crew search a civilian sampan they come across, but Mr. Clean snaps and kills almost all on board, while Willard coldly shoots an injured survivor to prevent any delay of his mission. On reaching a US outpost at a bridge under constant attack, Willard is informed that a Captain Colby  was sent to find Kurtz, but is now missing. Lance and Chef are continually under the influence of drugs and Lance becomes withdrawn, smearing his face with camouflage paint. The next day the boat is fired upon by an unseen enemy in the trees, killing Mr. Clean and turning Chief hostile toward Willard. Later, they are ambushed again, by Montagnard warriors. They return fire and Chief is impaled with a spear, who then tries to kill Willard by pulling him onto it, but dies from his wound. Afterwards, Willard confides in the remaining Chef and Lance about his mission, and they reluctantly agree to continue upriver where they see the coastline is littered with bodies. Arriving at Kurtz\'s outpost, Willard takes Lance with him to the village, leaving Chef behind with orders to call an airstrike on the village if he does not return. In the camp, the two men are met by a manic freelance photographer , who explains that Kurtz\'s great philosophical skills inspire his people to follow him. As they proceed, they see bodies and severed heads scattered about the nearby temple that serves as Kurtz\'s living quarters, and encounter the missing Captain Colby, who is nearly catatonic. Willard is brought before Kurtz in the darkened temple, where Kurtz derides him as an errand boy. Meanwhile Chef calls in the airstrike but is kidnapped. Bound to a post, Willard screams helplessly as Kurtz drops Chef\'s severed head into his lap. After some time, Willard is released and given the freedom of the compound. Kurtz lectures him on his theories of war, humanity and civilization while praising the ruthlessness and dedication of the Viet Cong. He asks Willard to tell his son everything about him in the event of his death. That night, as the villagers ceremonially slaughter a water buffalo, Willard enters Kurtz\'s chamber as Kurtz is making a recording, and attacks him with a machete. Lying mortally wounded on the ground, Kurtz whispers his final words "The horror ... the horror ..." before dying. Willard descends the stairs from Kurtz\'s chamber and drops his weapon. The villagers do likewise and allow Willard to take Lance by the hand and lead him to the boat. The two of them sail away as airstrikes are launched on the village and Kurtz\'s final words echo.In some, but not all, prints of the film, the closing credits play over footage of Kurtz\'s temple-base exploding; some viewers interpreted this as an air strike called in by Willard. Because this was not Coppola\'s intention, after the film\'s original general release he replaced this footage with a plain black screen.'] ['Travis Bickle , an honorably discharged U.S. Marine, is a lonely and depressed man living in Manhattan, New York. He becomes a taxi driver in order to cope with chronic insomnia, driving passengers every night around the boroughs of New York City. He also spends time in seedy porn theaters and keeps a diary. Travis becomes infatuated with Betsy , a campaign volunteer for Senator Charles Palantine ([[Leonard Harris , who is running for President. After watching her through her office window, interacting with fellow worker Tom , Travis enters to volunteer as a pretext to talk to her and takes her out for coffee. On a later date he takes her to see a sex film, which offends her, so she goes home alone. His attempts at reconciliation by sending flowers are rebuffed so he berates her at the campaign office, before being kicked out by Tom. Travis confides in fellow taxi driver Wizard  about his thoughts, which are beginning to turn violent, but Wizard assures him that he will be fine. Disgusted by the street crime and prostitution that he witnesses through the city, Travis finds a focus for his frustration and begins a program of intense physical training. He buys guns from dealer Easy Andy  and constructs a sleeve gun to attach on his arm with which he practices drawing his weapons. One night, Travis enters a convenience store moments before a man attempts to rob it and shoots the robber. The shop owner  takes responsibility and Travis leaves. On another night, 12-year-old child prostitute Iris  enters Travis\'s cab, attempting to escape her pimp Matthew "Sport" . Sport drags Iris from the cab and throws Travis a crumpled twenty-dollar bill, which continually reminds him of her. Travis arranges to meet Iris and attempts to persuade her to quit prostitution. They meet again the next day for breakfast and Travis becomes obsessed with helping her return to her parents\' home, sending her money to do so and a letter in which he states he will soon be dead. After shaving his head into a mohawk, Travis attends a public rally where he attempts to assassinate Senator Palantine, but Secret Service agents notice him and he flees. He returns to his apartment and then drives to the East Village, where he confronts Sport. Travis shoots him, then walks into Iris’ brothel and shoots off the bouncer\'s fingers. After Sport shoots Travis in the neck, wounding him, Travis shoots him dead. Another thug appears and shoots Travis in the arm, but Travis reveals his sleeve gun and kills the thug. The bouncer continues to harass Travis, causing Travis to shoot him in the head and kill him. As a horrified Iris cries, Travis attempts suicide but, out of ammunition, resigns himself to a sofa until police arrive. When they do, he places his index finger against his temple gesturing the act of shooting himself. Recuperating, Travis receives a letter from Iris\'s parents who thank him for saving her and the media hail him as a hero. Travis then returns to his job and encounters Betsy as a fare. She discusses his newly found fame, but he denies being a hero and drops her off for free. He glances anxiously at an object in his rear view mirror as he drives away.'] ["The film takes place in 1953. Larry Lipinsky is a young Jewish boy from Brooklyn, New York, who has dreams of stardom. He moves to Greenwich Village, much to the chagrin of his extremely overprotective mother. Larry ends up hanging out with an eccentric bunch of characters while waiting for his big break. He has group of tight-knit friends, which includes a wacky girl named Connie; Anita, an emotionally distraught young woman who constantly contemplates suicide; Robert, a young WASP who fancies himself a poet; and Bernstein, a gay man. All the while, he tries to maintain a stormy relationship with Sarah, his girlfriend. This band of outsiders becomes Larry's new family as he struggles as an actor and works toward a break in Hollywood."] ["The film tells the story of a young Canadian woman, Sally Matthews , whose dream for a better life in the gambling business is interrupted by the return of her drug-dealing husband, whom she had left behind, and older Lou Pascal , a longtime resident of Atlantic City. The film's story revolves around how their lives interact and change, both for the better."] ['Chance  is a middle-aged man who lives in the townhouse of an old, wealthy man in Washington D.C. He seems simple-minded and has lived there his whole life tending the garden. Other than gardening, his knowledge is derived entirely from what he sees on television. When his benefactor dies, Chance is forced to leave and discovers the outside world for the first time. He wanders aimlessly, wearing his former employer\'s expensive clothes. Chance passes by a TV shop and sees himself captured by a camera in the shop window. Entranced, he steps backward off the sidewalk and is struck by a car owned by Ben Rand , an elderly business mogul. Rand\'s wife Eve  brings Chance to their home to recover. Drinking alcohol for the first time, Chance coughs as he tells them his name. "Chance the Gardener" is misheard as "Chauncey Gardiner". Judging by his appearance and manners, Rand assumes that Chance is an upper class, highly educated business man. Chance\'s style and seemingly insightful ways embody the qualities Rand admires. Chance\'s simplistic utterances about gardens are interpreted as allegorical statements about business and the state of the economy. Rand is also a confidant and adviser of the U.S. President , whom he introduces to "Chauncey". The president interprets Chance\'s remarks about how the garden changes with the seasons as economic and political advice. Chance, as Chauncey Gardiner, quickly rises to national public prominence. He becomes a media celebrity with an appearance on a television talk show and soon rises to the top of Washington society. Public opinion polls start to reflect just how much his "simple brand of wisdom" resonates with the jaded American public. Rand, dying of aplastic anemia, encourages Eve to become close to Chance. At his funeral, while the president delivers a speech, members of the board of Rand\'s companies hold a whispered discussion over potential replacements for the President in the next term of office. As Rand\'s coffin is about to be interred in the family mausoleum, they unanimously agree on "Chauncey Gardiner". Oblivious to all this, Chance wanders through Rand\'s wintry estate. He straightens out a pine sapling and then walks off across the surface of a small lake. The audience now sees Chance physically walking on water. He pauses, dips his umbrella into the water under his feet as if testing its depth, turns, and then continues to walk on the water as the president quotes Rand: "Life is a state of mind."'] ['TV newswoman Lee Carter  is one of many witnesses to the public assassination of presidential candidate Senator Charles Carroll ([[William Joyce  atop the Seattle Space Needle. A waiter armed with a revolver is chased but falls to his death. Meanwhile, a second waiter, also armed with a gun, leaves the crime scene unnoticed. A special committee decides that the assassination was the work of a lone gunman. Three years later, Carter visits her former boyfriend and colleague, newspaper reporter Joe Frady , in Portland, Oregon. Lee tells Frady that she feels there is more to the killing - that six of the witnesses to Carroll\'s assassination have died and she fears she will be next. Frady does not take her seriously. Not long afterwards, Lee is found dead and her death is judged by the police to be either a voluntary or accidental drug overdose. Investigating Carter\'s leads, Frady goes to the small town of Salmontail whose sheriff, L.D. Wicker , attempts to trap him below a dam after an alarm has sounded indicating that the floodgates are opening. Frady narrowly escapes but the sheriff drowns. Frady finds information on the Parallax Corporation in the sheriff\'s apartment and learns that its real business is recruiting political assassins. While interviewing Carroll\'s former aide, Austin Tucker , aboard Tucker\'s boat, a bomb explodes. Frady survives but is believed dead, and decides to apply to Parallax under an assumed identity. Jack Younger , a Parallax official, assures Frady that he is the kind of man they are interested in. Frady is accepted for training in Los Angeles where he watches a slide show that conflates positive images with negative actions. Frady later spies a Parallax man he recalls from a picture Austin Tucker showed him of a waiter taken the day Senator Carroll was murdered. He follows the man and watches him take out a bag from another car\'s trunk, then drive to an airport and check it as baggage on a plane. Frady boards the plane himself. He notices a Senator aboard, but not the Parallax man. Frady writes a warning on a napkin which he slips into the drink service cart. The warning is found and the plane returns to Los Angeles. Everybody is evacuated – just before a bomb explodes. Frady\'s generally skeptical editor Bill Rintels  listens to a secretly recorded tape of a conversation Frady had with Jack Younger. A disguised Parallax operative delivers coffee and food to Rintels\' news office. The editor is poisoned and the tape is removed. Continuing his investigation, Frady follows the Parallax assassins to the dress rehearsal for a political rally for Senator George Hammond ([[Jim Davis . Frady hides in the auditorium\'s rafters to secretly observe the Parallax men, posing as security personnel, also in the rafters. Too late, Frady realizes he has been set up as a "patsy" or "fall guy", as Hammond is shot dead by an unseen gunman. As Frady is trying to escape, he is sighted in the rafters by the marching band\'s tuba player, and a Parallax agent kills Frady with a shotgun. The same committee which determined a lone gunman killed Senator Carroll now reports that Frady, acting alone, killed Senator Hammond. The committee further express the hope that the verdict will end political assassination conspiracy theories. They do not take questions from the press.'] ['The overarching plot takes place over five days leading up to a political rally for Replacement Party candidate Hal Phillip Walker, who is never seen throughout the entire movie. The story follows 25 characters roaming around Nashville, in search of some sort of goal through their own  story arcs. Day One The film opens with a campaign van for presidential candidate Hal Phillip Walker driving around Nashville as an external loudspeaker blares Walker\'s folksy political aphorisms, juxtaposed with country superstar Haven Hamilton  recording an overblown patriotic song intended to commemorate the upcoming Bicentennial, and growing irritated with the accompanying musicians in the studio. An Englishwoman named Opal  who claims to be working on a documentary for the BBC appears in the studio but is told to leave by Haven. Down the hall from Haven\'s session is Linnea Reese , a white gospel singer recording a song with a black choir. Later that day, popular country singer Barbara Jean  is returning to Nashville, having recovered from a burn accident, and the elite of Nashville\'s music scene - including Haven Hamilton and his companion Lady Pearl  have converged on Berry Field to greet her plane as it arrives. Also present are Pfc. Glenn Kelly  and the popular folk trio "Bill, Mary, and Tom" who are in town to record an album. Bill  and Mary  are married, but largely unhappy, partly due to the fact that she is in love with womanizer Tom . Meanwhile, Mr. Green  arrives at the airport to pick up his niece Martha , aka "L.A. Joan", a teenage groupie who has come to Nashville ostensibly to visit her aunt Esther Green who is sick in the hospital. However, Martha repeatedly puts off visiting her aunt in favor of chasing after male musicians. Working at the airport restaurant are African-American cook Wade Cooley , and his pretty waitress friend, Sueleen Gay , an aspiring country singer who refuses to recognize that she can\'t carry a tune. After greeting the crowds on the tarmac, Barbara Jean faints due to the heat, and her handlers, headed by her domineering husband-manager Barnett , rush her to the hospital. Barbara Jean\'s appearance having been cut short, those in attendance depart the airport and wind up stranded on the highway after a pile-up occurs. During the commotion, Winifred ([[Barbara Harris , an aspiring country singer, runs away from her husband, Star , after he refuses to take her to the Grand Ole Opry. Star gives a ride to Kenny Frasier , who has just arrived in town carrying a violin case. Opal takes advantage of the traffic jam to interview first Linnea and then Tommy Brown , an African-American country singer who is performing at the Opry. Tommy and his entourage go to Lady Pearl\'s club but Wade, who is drinking and trying to pick up white girls at the bar, insults Tommy for being too "white" and starts a fight. Linnea\'s husband Del Reese  is working with political organizer John Triplette ([[Michael Murphy  to plan a small fundraiser and a large outdoor concert gala for the Walker campaign. Sueleen appears at a local club\'s open mike night in a provocative outfit, and despite her lack of singing ability, club manager Trout  recommends her to Triplette for the fundraiser based on her appearance. Winifred shows up at Trout\'s club trying to recruit musicians to record a demo with her, but Star sees her and chases her out. Del invites Triplette for family dinner with Linnea and their two deaf children. Linnea and Del are having communications problems and she focuses on the children rather than on him. In the middle of dinner, Tom calls trying to make a date with Linnea, but she puts him off, so he takes Opal back to his room instead. Pfc. Kelly sneaks into Barbara Jean\'s hospital room and sits in the chair by her bed all night, watching her sleep. Day Two Tom calls Linnea again but, with Del listening on the other line, Linnea yells at Tom and tells him not to call her any more. Kenny rents a room from Mr. Green. Haven Hamilton throws a pre-show party at his house before the evening\'s Grand Ole Opry performance. At the party, Triplette tries to persuade Haven to perform at the Walker gala by telling him that if Walker is elected, Walker would back Haven for state governor. Haven says he\'ll give Triplette his decision after the Opry show that night. Later, Tommy Brown, Haven, and Connie White  all perform at the Opry. Connie is substituting for the hospitalized Barbara Jean. Winifred tries unsuccessfully to get backstage. At the hospital, Barbara Jean and Barnett have an argument because he is going to the after-show gathering to thank Connie for substituting at the last minute. Barbara Jean doesn\'t want him to go and he accuses her of having another nervous breakdown like she did previously. Barnett finally subdues Barbara Jean and leaves, but Connie doesn\'t seem happy to see him. Haven tells Triplette that Barbara Jean and Connie never appear on the same stage, and that he  will appear anyplace Barbara Jean also appears. Bill gets upset when his wife Mary doesn\'t show up all evening; she is sleeping with Tom. Day Three It is Sunday morning and the characters are shown attending various Catholic and Protestant church services. At the hospital chapel, Barbara Jean sings a hymn from her wheelchair while Mr. Green and Pfc. Kelly, among others, watch. Mr. Green tells Kelly how he and his wife lost their son in WWII. Opal wanders alone through a huge auto scrapyard making free-form poetic speeches about the cars into her tape recorder. Haven, Tommy Brown and their families attend the stock car races, where Winifred also attempts to sing on a small stage but cannot be heard. Bill and Mary argue in their hotel room and are interrupted by Triplette, who wants to recruit them for the Walker concert gala. Tom tries to get chauffeur Norman  to score him some pills. Day Four Opal walks alone through a large school bus parking lot making more strange observations into her tape recorder. Barbara Jean is discharged from the hospital at the same time Mr. Green shows up to visit his sick wife. Barbara Jean asks after his wife and sends her regards. After Barbara Jean and her entourage have left, a nurse tells Mr. Green his wife died earlier that morning. Back at Mr. Green\'s house, Kenny gets upset when Martha tries to look at his violin case. Barbara Jean performs at Opryland USA. Triplette and Del attend and try to convince Barnett to have Barbara Jean play the Walker concert gala at the Parthenon the next day, but he refuses. Barbara Jean gets through the first couple of songs all right, but then begins to tell rambling stories about her childhood instead of starting the next song. After several false starts, Barnett escorts her from the stage and tells the disappointed audience that they can come to the Parthenon tomorrow and see Barbara Jean perform for free, thus committing her to the Walker concert. Tom calls Linnea and invites her to meet him that night at a club where he is playing. Linnea arrives but sits by herself because Martha is trying to pick Tom up. Mary and Bill are also there, and Opal sits with them and talks about how she slept with Tom, causing Mary to become upset. Wade tries unsuccessfully to pick up Linnea, while Norman tries equally unsuccessfully to pick up Opal. Tom sings "I\'m Easy" and Linnea, moved, goes back to his room where they make love. When Linnea needs to leave, Tom calls another woman and has a romantic conversation within Linnea\'s earshot while she is getting dressed to go home. Sueleen appears at the all-male Walker fundraiser, but is booed off the stage when she sings poorly and doesn\'t take off her clothes. Del and Triplette explain that the men expect her to strip and that if she does so, they will let her sing the next day at the Parthenon with Barbara Jean. Sueleen is visibly upset but strips anyway. Winifred shows up at the fundraiser hoping to get a chance to sing, but after she sees what is going on, she stays hidden behind a curtain. Del drives Sueleen home and drunkenly comes on to her, but she is rescued by Wade. After he hears what happened, Wade tells Sueleen she can\'t sing and asks her to go back to Detroit with him the next day. Sueleen refuses because she is determined to sing at the Parthenon with Barbara Jean. Day Five The performers, audience and Walker and his entourage arrive for the Parthenon concert. In the performing lineup are Haven, Barbara Jean, Linnea and her choir, Bill, Mary and Tom, Sueleen, and Winifred who has shown up again hoping for a chance to sing. Barnett gets upset because Barbara Jean will have to perform in front of a large Walker advertisement, but has to go along with it because his wife\'s career will be harmed if he pulls her out of the show. Mr. Green and Kenny attend Esther Green\'s burial service and Mr. Green leaves angrily, vowing to find Martha  and make her show some respect to her aunt. Mr. Green and Kenny go to the Parthenon to look for Martha. The Walker gala starts and Haven and Barbara Jean perform a song together, then Barbara Jean sings a solo song. At the end of the song, Kenny takes a gun from his violin case and shoots Haven and Barbara Jean. Pfc. Kelly disarms Kenny as chaos breaks out. Barbara Jean is carried bleeding and unconscious from the stage. Haven tries to calm the crowd by exhorting them to sing. As he is led from the stage for treatment of his wounds, he hands the microphone off to Winifred, who begins to sing "It Don\'t Worry Me" and is joined by Linnea\'s gospel choir. The film ends with the audience raptly listening to Winifred\'s song - she has finally gotten her big break.'] ['The film opens with a montage of images of Manhattan accompanied by George Gershwin\'s Rhapsody in Blue. Isaac Davis  is introduced as a man writing a book about his love for New York City. He is a twice-divorced, 42-year-old television writer dealing with the women in his life who gives up his unfulfilling job as a comedy writer. He is dating Tracy , a 17-year-old girl attending the Dalton School. His best friend, Yale ([[Michael Murphy , married to Emily , is having an affair with Mary Wilkie ; her ex-husband and former teacher, Jeremiah , also appears. Isaac\'s ex-wife Jill  is writing a confessional book about their marriage. Jill has also since come out of the closet as a lesbian and lives with her female partner Connie . When Isaac meets Mary, her cultural snobbery rubs him the wrong way. Isaac runs into her again at an Equal Rights Amendment fund-raising event at the Museum of Modern Art and accompanies her on a cab ride home. They chat until sunrise in a sequence that culminates in the iconic shot of the Queensboro Bridge. In spite of a growing attraction to Mary, Isaac continues his relationship with Tracy. But he emphasizes that theirs can\'t be a serious relationship and encourages the girl to go to London to study acting. In another iconic scene, at Tracy\'s request, they go on a carriage ride through Central Park. After Yale breaks up with Mary, he suggests Isaac ask her out. Isaac does, always having felt that Tracy was too young for him. Isaac breaks up with Tracy, much to her dismay, and before long Mary has virtually moved into his apartment. Emily is curious about Isaac\'s new girlfriend, and after several meetings between the two couples, including one where Emily reads out portions of Jill\'s new book about her marriage with Isaac, Yale leaves Emily to resume his relationship with Mary. A betrayed Isaac confronts Yale at the college where he teaches, and Yale argues that he found Mary first. Isaac responds by discussing Yale\'s extramarital affairs with Emily, but she thinks Isaac introduced Mary to Yale. In the denouement, Isaac lies on his sofa, musing into a tape recorder about the things that make "life worth living"—the final item, after which he sets down the microphone, is "Tracy\'s face." He leaves his apartment and sets out on foot for Tracy\'s. He arrives at the lobby of her family\'s apartment just as she is leaving for London. He says that she doesn\'t have to go and that he doesn\'t want "that special thing" about her to change. She replies that the plans have already been made and reassures him that "Not everybody gets corrupted" before saying "You\'ve got to have faith in people". He gives her a slight smile segueing into final shots of the skyline with some bars of Rhapsody in Blue playing again. An instrumental version of "Embraceable You" plays over the credits.'] [" Billy Tully , a boxer past his prime, goes to a Stockton, California gym to get back into shape and spars with Ernie Munger , an eighteen-year-old he meets there. Seeing potential in the youngster, Tully suggests Munger look up his former manager and trainer, Ruben . Munger takes his advice. Later, Tully tells combative white barfly Oma  and her easygoing black boyfriend Earl  how impressed he is with Munger. Inspired, Tully decides to get back into boxing himself. Tully's life has been a mess ever since his wife left him. He drinks too much, cannot hold down a job, and has to pick crops to make ends meet. He moves in with Oma after Earl is sent to prison for a few months. Their relationship is rocky and Tully eventually breaks it off. Munger loses his first fight, but perseveres. Unlike Tully, he does not let setbacks get the better of him. The young man gets pressured into marriage by Faye  and soon has a baby on the way. In his first bout back, Tully narrowly defeats tough, well-respected Mexican boxer Lucero , but gets discouraged when he gets only $100 for it. He breaks up with Ruben  and goes back to his old ways. He tries to make up with Oma, only to find her back with Earl. Later, Munger is returning home after a win and sees a drunk Tully. Munger tries to ignore him, but when Tully asks him to have a drink with him, he reluctantly agrees to coffee. After a short while, Munger gets up to leave. Tully asks him to stay awhile longer. Munger agrees, but the two men have nothing to talk about, and the film ends in awkward silence."] ['The comedian Alvy Singer  is trying to understand why his relationship with Annie Hall  ended a year ago. Growing up in New York, he vexed his mother with impossible questions about the emptiness of existence, but he was precocious about his innocent sexual curiosity. While Annie and Alvy wait in a theater queue to watch The Sorrow and the Pity, another man loudly misinterprets the work of Marshall McLuhan. McLuhan himself steps in to correct the mistake. That night, Annie isn’t interested in having sex with Alvy. Instead, they discuss his first wife, Allison Portchnik , with whom there was little sexual pleasure. His second marriage was to a New York intellectual, but their sexual relationship was not enjoyable for him. With Annie, it is different. The two of them have uproarious fun making a meal of boiled lobster together. Alvy enjoys mocking the unusual men that Annie had been involved with. Alvy met Annie on the tennis court. After the game, their awkward small talk led her to offer him first a ride up town and then a glass of wine on her balcony. There, what seemed a mild exchange of trivial personal data is revealed in "mental subtitles" as an escalating flirtation. Their first date follows Annie’s singing audition for a night club (“[[It Had to Be You . He suggests they kiss first thing to get it out of the way. After their lovemaking that night, Alvy is "a wreck", while she relaxes with a joint. Soon Annie admits she loves him, and he buys her books on death and says that his feelings for her are more than just love. When she moves in with him, things get very tense. Alvy feels strange when they visit her family in Chippewa Falls, Wisconsin, for Easter. He claims to have never felt more Jewish than with her “Jew-hating” grandmother, and his imagined conversation between their two families reveals a gulf in style, substance, and background. Finding her arm in arm with one of her college professors, Alvy argues with Annie whether this is the "flexibility" they had discussed. He searches for the truth of relationships, asking strangers on the street about the nature of love, questioning his formative years, until he becomes an animated Snow White to Annie’s evil queen. The love is gone. Alvy returns to dating, but the effort is marred by neurosis, bad sex, and finally an interruption from Annie, who insists he come over immediately. It turns out she needs him to kill a spider. A reconciliation follows, coupled with a vow to stay together come what may. However, their separate discussions with their therapists make it evident there is an unspoken divide. When Alvy accepts an offer to present an award on television, they fly out to Los Angeles, but on the return they agree that it’s not working. After losing her to her record producer, Tony Lacey , he unsuccessfully tries rekindling the flame with a marriage proposal. Back in New York, he stages a play of this episode but changes the ending: now she accepts. The last meeting for them is a wistful coda on New York\'s Upper West Side when they have both moved on to someone new. Alvy’s voice returns with a summation: love is essential, especially if it\'s neurotic. Annie torches "Seems Like Old Times" and the credits roll.'] [' On November 25, 1975, Rocky Balboa  is introduced as a small-time boxer and collector for Anthony Gazzo , a loan shark, living in the Kensington neighborhood of Philadelphia. The World Heavyweight Championship bout is scheduled for New Year\'s Day 1976, the year of the United States Bicentennial. When the opponent of undefeated heavyweight champion Apollo Creed  is injured, Creed comes up with the idea of giving a local underdog a shot at the title and, because he likes Rocky\'s nickname "The Italian Stallion," he selects the relatively unknown fighter. He puts it in lights by proclaiming "Apollo Creed Meets The Italian Stallion." The fight promoter George Jergens  says the decision is "very American"; but Creed says, rather, that it is "very smart." To prepare for the fight Rocky trains with a 1920s-era ex-bantamweight fighter and gym owner, Mickey Goldmill . Mickey always considered Rocky\'s potential to be better than his effort—telling him he had heart but also calling him a "tomato" and "leg breaker for some cheap second-rate loan shark" among other endearments, and putting Rocky out of his gym locker preceding the "freak luck" opportunity that comes Rocky\'s way, and Rocky is initially skeptical of Mickey\'s motives and timing for wanting to train Rocky for the big fight. Rocky\'s good friend Paulie , a meat-packing-plant worker, lets him practice his punches on the carcasses hanging in the freezers. A significant and prominent sub-plot has Rocky courting and eventually dating Paulie\'s shy, quiet, ostensibly librarian-like and potentially spinster sister, Adrian , who works as a clerk in a local pet store. He draws Adrian out of her shell and, as Rocky\'s girlfriend, she begins to transform into a womanly, wifely figure. The night before the fight Rocky confides to Adrian that he does not expect to beat Creed, and that all he wants is to go the distance. On New Year\'s Day the climactic boxing match begins. Apollo Creed does not initially take the fight seriously, and Rocky unexpectedly knocks him down in the first round , embarrassing Creed, and the match turns intense. The fight indeed lasts 15 rounds, with both fighters sustaining many injuries; Rocky suffers his first broken nose and debilitating trauma around the eye, and Creed sustains brutal blows to his ribs with substantial internal bleeding. As the match progresses, Creed\'s superior skill is countered by Rocky\'s apparently unlimited ability to absorb punishment, and his dogged refusal to be knocked out. As the final round bell sounds, with both fighters locked in each other\'s arms, an exhausted Creed vows "Ain\'t gonna be no re-match," to which an equally spent Rocky replies "Don\'t want one." After the fight, there is a din wherein multiple layers of drama are played out: sportscasters and audience are going wild; the promoter George Jergens announces over the loudspeaker that the match was "the greatest exhibition of boxing stamina in the history of the ring"; Rocky calls out repeatedly for Adrian, who runs down and comes into the ring as Paulie distracts the security personnel. As the ring announcer declares the fight for Apollo Creed by virtue of a split decision , Adrian and Rocky embrace while they profess their love to one another, not caring about the result of the fight.'] 