['Jordana Horn in The Jewish Daily Forward states that: :Budrus [is] a documentary by Julia Bacha that examines one West Bank town’s reaction to Israel’s construction of the security barrier. The town, with a population of 1,500, was set to be divided and encircled by the barrier, losing 300 acres of land and 3,000 olive trees. These trees were not only critical for economic survival but also sacred to the town’s intergenerational history. The film tells the story of Ayed Morrar, a Palestinian whose work for Fatah had led to five detentions in Israeli jails, but whose momentous strategic decision that the barrier would be best opposed by nonviolent resistance had far-reaching ramifications.'] ['= The Weight Of Chains presents a new perspective on Western involvement in the division of the ethnic groups within Yugoslavia and claims that the war was forced from outside, while regular people wanted peace. However, according to the author of the film, extreme factions on all sides, fuelled by their foreign mentors, outvoiced the moderates and even ten years after the last conflict the hatred remains and people continue spreading myths about what really happened in the 1990s.Interview with Boris Malagurski on his new film Novine Toronto | 26 March 2010 The film starts off with a brief history of Yugoslavia, explaining the idea of Yugoslavia and how it came to exist. Narrated by Malagurski himself, the film explains what happened in Yugoslavia during World War II and how Josip Broz Tito\'s Yugoslavia was formed. The pace slows down as Tito\'s death is documented and the author moves on to explain what happened to the Yugoslav economy in the 1980s, with specific mention of Ronald Reagan\'s National Security Decisions Directive 133 from 1984, which presents U.S. interests in Yugoslavia as promoting the "trend towards a market-oriented Yugoslav economic structure".U.S. Policy Toward Yugoslavia National Security Decision Directives The role of the National Endowment for Democracy in Yugoslavia is then analyzed and connected to the formation of G17 Plus. Privatization through liquidation is explained in a plastic manner, and presented as a major cause for the rise of ethnic tensions in the late 80s and early 90s, further fueled by Foreign Operations Appropriations Act 101-513, enacted during the George H. W. Bush era. Slobodan Milošević, Franjo Tuđman and Alija Izetbegović then receive criticism, all of them described as being power-hungry and without much concern for their people. Domestic war-mongers are mentioned also. The local media are presented as having a major influence on mobilizing public opinion in favor of a conflict. The film then argues that the West - openly diplomatically and covertly militarily - supported separatist groups and encouraged conflict so that NATO could jump in as peacekeepers for their own interests. The film includes footage of a village in Bosnia where Serbs and Bosniaks lived together up to the end of the Bosnian war, but were separated in peace times - with Serbs saying goodbye to their Muslim neighbours, who decided to collectively leave to their own entity, in tears. The topic of Kosovo is covered most out of all the issues and the history of the region is carefully explained to show why the Kosovo war broke out. The film talks about the Battle of Kosovo, inclusion of Kosovo into Kingdom of Serbia in 1912, the persecution of Kosovo Serbs during World War II and Tito\'s Yugoslavia, as well as plans by Albanian nationalists to create an ethnically pure Greater Albania.Exodus of Serbians stirs province in Yugoslavia By Marvine Howe, The New York Times Foreign Desk, July 12, 1982 The film then discusses what interests the Western powers had in Kosovo and why they decided to intervene in a secessionist war in 1999. Questions such as why a cigarette factory was bombed by NATO  are tackled, with the conclusion that the purpose of the war was to economically colonize the country. This film also presents positive stories from the war – people helping each other regardless of their ethnic background, stories of bravery and self-sacrifice. For this purpose, the widow of Josip Kir  Jadranka Reihl-Kir was interviewed concerning her husband\'s attempts to resolve ethnic issues back in 1991 in a peaceful manner. The widow of Milan Levar, Vesna Levar, was also interviewed and spoke on her husband\'s fight to expose policies of ethnic cleansing in his hometown of Gospić, Croatia, where Croat forces killed dozens of Serb civilians. Another story of a local hero covered is that of a young Serbian man by the name of Srđan Aleksić, whose father talks how his son saved a Muslim man from certain death. After discussing the wars of the 1990s, the film deals with what happened afterwards and how policies of the International Monetary Fund and the World Bank affected the newly created former Yugoslav states. Furthermore, the European Union is presented negatively and a theory is presented that Eastern European states were never meant to be colleagues and equals with the West, but rather markets for Western industrial goods and cheap labor. The way in which the debt of the former Yugoslav countries has changed from 1990 to 2010 is graphically depicted, with revelations on how much money each citizen of the former Yugoslavia would have to pay in order for their countries to be debt free.'] ["The story begins in the mind of Cashril Plus,http://www.cashrilplus.co.za/ a twelve-year-old animator and son of graffiti artist Faith47. Through Cashril's eyes, we see his mother paint the streets and forgotten townships haloing Cape Town. Weaving through the lives of Faith47, Warongx ,http://www.myspace.com/warongx Emile Jansen ,http://www.tarahenley.com/2005/11/emile-jansen-and-black-noise.html Sweat.X ,http://sweatx.bandcamp.com// Blaq Pearl http://www.blaqpearl.co.za/ and Mthetho ,http://independentmediachannel.tv/video/36/mthetho-mapoyi-and-siviwe-sije the film culminates in an intertwined story. Born into separate areas of a formerly-segregated South Africa, the artists recraft history -- and the impacts of apartheid -- in their own artistic languages. The lens reveals the impulse behind the artists’ social consciousness, the individuals’ eccentricities, and each creator’s unique form of expression. Diving into the current of subversive art which fuels South Africa’s many clashing and merging cultures, The Creators brings into focus the invisible connections among strangers' disparate lives -- and the creative expression used to traverse the divide. The result is an intimate, refreshing, and deeply revealing portrait of those remolding the legacy of apartheid.http://www.thecreatorsdocumentary.com"] ['{{unreferenced section}} The title comes from the Swahili term "Maafa", which means "tragedy" or "disaster", and is used to describe the centuries of oppression of African people, globally, during slavery, apartheid and colonial rule. "21" refers to the maafa of the 21st century, which the film says is abortion by black women. It states that abortion has reduced the Black population in the United States by 25 percent. The film discusses some of Planned Parenthood\'s origins , attributing to it a "150-year-old goal of exterminating the black population." It attacks Margaret Sanger, along with other birth control advocates, as a racist eugenicist. The film features Alveda King, who claims that Sanger targeted Blacks.'] ["Sam Gold , is a mild-mannered 20-year old Orthodox Jewish man who lives with his large family in the Borough Park section of Brooklyn. Sam works in his father's fabric store while studying to be a rabbi. He and his family hope to arrange a marriage for him with Zeldy Lazar. However, Sam's family is much poorer than the Lazars, and he worries he will be unable to provide for him. Sam and his best friend Leon  accept a mysterious job offer from Leon's brother Yosef  and his boss, the Israeli Jackie . Yosef sends them to Amsterdam, with instructions to wait for him. While there, the pair are given a briefcase, which Yosef says contains medicine, and are instructed to walk it through customs in New York. Back in New York, the pair discover the briefcase contains pure ecstasy. Leon wants nothing more to do with Yosef, but Sam is attracted to the easy money. Sam becomes a participant in Jackie's operation, making trips to Amsterdam to pick up suitcases. He is paid to recruit other young Orthodox Jews as mules, who implicitly trust him as one of their own. Sam meets the liberal Jewish girl Rachel , Jackie's girlfriend, and drinks alcohol and takes ecstasy with the gang. Sam begins to rise in the organization when he brokers a business deal with European drug manufacturer Ephraim ([[Q-Tip . Meanwhile, Sam leaves the yeshiva. His new job is well-known around his neighborhood, and his parents kick him out of the house. Sam discovers Yosef has been skimming money from Jackie through side deals. Jackie, however, wants to ship street ecstasy, which contains a higher percentage of other drugs, into America. These drugs, carried by unwitting young Orthodox Jews is picked up by drug-sniffing dogs and the mules are arrested. Sam escapes to warn Yosef, who is high. Yosef suggests they drive to California. Sam returns to his childhood home, where he is greeted by Leon, who has married Zeldy. Sam weeps on his front steps as the sirens in the distance grow closer."] ['The film opens with Daniel Cormack returning to the area of South London in which he grew up and reflecting on how the influence of that predominantly left-wing environment formed his political views. In spite of being born in 1979 as one of "Thatcher\'s children", the "thought of nailing his colours to the Tory mast" seems "nothing short of horrific".http://redbirdmedia.co.uk/tv/40-documentary/50-new-shootshttp://www.britfilms.com/britishfilms/catalogue/browse/?id6416 Leaving Portcullis House, Daniel concludes that while it would be a "big leap of faith" to ask the Conservatives to pick up the broken pieces of society, the Conservatives he\'s met have at least removed some of his negative preconceptions about the Tories.'] ['The 1992-96 Siege of Sarajevo by the Bosnian Serb army, caused living conditions to deteriorate drastically for its inhabitants and, in 1993, the couple decided to flee the city. Having friends on all sides involved in the conflict, there was a general thought that their passage through the city and its infamous Sniper Alley, under constant fire from hills occupied by the Serbs, could be a safe one. An arrangement was made for 19 May 1993 at 17:00  that no one would fire as the couple approached. According to Dino Kapin, who was a Commander of a Croatian Unit allied at the time with Bosnian Army forces, around 17:00 hours, a man and a woman were seen approaching the bridge. As soon as they were at the foot of the bridge, a shot was heard, and according to all sides involved in their passage, the bullet hit Boško Brkić and killed him instantaneously. Another shot was heard and the woman screamed, fell down wounded, but was not killed. She crawled over to her boyfriend, cuddled him, hugged him, and died. It was observed that she was alive for at least 15 minutes after the shooting. Mark H. Milstein, the American photojournalist who made the haunting image of Admira and Boško which gave birth to Kurt Schork\'s article, recalled in an interview that "the morning of May 19 1993 had been pretty much a bust" for him as far as making photos were concerned. "Excessive Bosnian Army bureaucracy had kept us away from the front line," Milstein said. "After lunch, I hooked up with Japanese freelance TV cameraman and a Washington Times journalist." "Together," Milstein continued, "we cruised the city looking for something different. Everywhere we went in Sarajevo ended in frustration. Before calling it a day, however, we decided to check out the front-line around the Vrbanja Bridge." "There was a small battle going on, with Bosnian forces firing at a group of Serb soldiers near the ruins of the Union Invest building," he said. "Suddenly, a Serb tank appeared 200 meters in front of us, and fired over our heads," Milstein said. "We scrambled to the next apartment house, and found ourselves holed up with a group of Bosnian soldiers. One of the soldiers yelled at me to look out the window, pointing at a young girl and boy running on the far side of the bridge." "I grabbed my camera, but it was too late," Milstein said. "The boy and girl were shot down. Bosnian Muslim Admira Ismić and Bosnian Serb Boško Brkić, both 25. Their bodies remained in the no-man\'s land for nearly four days before being recovered. "I made two frames and afterwards, not knowing who they were or recognizing the significance of the event, returned to the Holiday Inn  to develop my film," Milstein said. "Later that night I told Kurt Schork what I had seen, and together with his translator began piecing together the information that would eventually result in the news story." Michael Hedges, the Washington Times reporter who was with Milstein that day, remembered events a bit differently from the time the three journalists made it to the building where Bosnian soldiers were exchanging fire with Serbs. "A Bosnian soldier motioned for me to look down and to the left, by the bridge. The couple lay together. It appeared they had been shot some time earlier, but I couldn\'t say whether it was minutes or hours earlier. I went back to the Holiday Inn and wrote an article that was published the next day in the Washington Times. That story, which began with an account of the deaths at the bridge, made it clear we had no idea which side had done the killing, that we only had the Bosnian soldiers\' word that it was Serb snipers. That evening, Kurt Schork came to my room, said he had seen Milstein\'s photos, and asked what I had seen. I showed him a copy of my article, and confirmed the location of the killings. The next day, he developed much more of the story, and through his work it became a symbol of the senseless violence as well as a tale that captured people\'s imagination." To this date, it is not known with certainty who fired the shots. The bodies of Admira and Boško lay on the bridge for days since no one dared to enter the Sniper Alley, a no man\'s land, and recover them. As the bodies lay on the bridge, the Serbs and Bosniaks argued over who killed the couple and who would ultimately take the responsibility for the killing. After eight days, the bodies were recovered by Serb forces in the middle of the night. However, it was later revealed that the VRS forced Bosnian POWs to go there in the middle of the night and recover the bodies. The two are now buried together, side by side in Lion Cemetery, surrounded by thousands of other victims from the Serbian Siege of Sarajevo.'] 