["North-West Mounted Police Sub-Inspector O'Rourke and his Cree half brother Cajou are returning from a trapping trip in northern Canada when they encounter a burned wagon train and sole survivor Grace. Despite the advice of the Metis scout Batouche the naive new Mountie commander Inspector Benton  believes it to be a Cree attack, however the Sioux from across the border are trying to force the Cree into being allies in their struggle with the U.S. 7th Cavalry . O'Rourke goes against his commanding officer who have offended the Cree by disarming them; O'Rourke losing his friendship with Cajou when he personally has to take his rifle away. He later mutinies to save the Mounties who have to leave their Fort Saskatchewan for a rendezvous with a larger command at Fort Walsh. He must also aid Grace , but she is not as helpless as she first seems as an American lawman  has papers for her extradition for murder."] ['In 1876, the North-West Mounted Police send Constable Duncan MacDonald  and a blackmailed Blackfoot scout  to get the Cree to sign Treaty 6 with The Crown. In addition to negotiating with the Cree, MacDonald of the Mounted rescues white hostages (Robert Horton and [[Penny Edwards  arrests a murderer, and adopts a Cree son .'] ['{{cquote2}} In World War II, the Nazis require a special mineral, Compound X, discovered in Canada. Although intended to cure paralysis, the Nazis have discovered that it can be used in magnetic mines to destroy the British fleet and blockade America to prevent it assisting the Allies. The Mounties discover this plot and work to defeat and capture the Nazi spies sent to obtain the ore. Sgt King\'s father is killed in the line of duty, saving his son from death on a circular saw, and leaving him to carry on the fight against the enemy. The plot was described as "pure and simple propaganda" by William Witney.Witney, William . In a Door, Into a Fight, Out a Door, Into a Chase: Moviemaking Remembered by the Guy at the Door.  ISBN 0-7864-2258-0'] ["After a German U-boat drops off Nazi saboteurs, RCMP Corporal Wagner  captures the leader, Colonel Hugo von Keller , the only survivor after an avalanche wipes out the rest of the group. When left alone with the Canadian Mountie, von Keller discovers that Wagner speaks German and is of German ancestry, and tries to persuade his captor to help him. After being taken into custody, von Keller leads a jailbreak from a prisoner of war camp, enlisting other German soldiers in his escape. Wagner, seemingly under suspicion by the RCMP of being a Nazi sympathizer, is court martialed and contacted by Ernst Willis , a real enemy agent, who hires him as a wilderness guide. Wagner and his new confederate set out for the north by train, while a pursuing Mountie who makes contact with Wagner is killed by the agent. Wagner is taken to von Keller and convinces him that he is loyal to Germany and can guide him and his companions through the Canadian wilderness to a mysterious destination. His fiancee Laura McBain  is held as a hostage to ensure his loyalty but Wagner, acting as a double agent, manages to send a message to headquarters to alert them of the Nazi saboteurs' plans. Fellow Mountie, Jim Austin  follows their trail, but is spotted and killed, along with Willis and an Indian porter, before the group reaches a mine shaft where bomber components have been secreted before the war. The bomber is assembled and takes off for its mission: to bomb the main arterial waterway between the United States and Canada to disrupt transatlantic shipping of war materials. Wagner manages to escape, climb aboard the aircraft to shoot the crew, and parachute to safety before the bomber crashes. After recovering from a wound he received during the skirmish on board the aircraft, he and Laura marry."] ["Royal Canadian Mounted Police  Trooper O'Brien assists Kate Owens when her car breaks down. Upon arrival at headquarters, his Inspector-in-charge assigns him to escort Kate to visit her Uncle in Morgan's Post located in the backwoods. As there are no roads to the area the two must travel by horse. O'Brien has two other tasks when he arrives; to discover why RCMP Sergeant Means has not filed a report in months and to investigate the complaint of Poodles Hanneford who alleges that the river going through his property has been blocked off and he has been fired upon when investigating. What begins as a screwball comedy film between the witty Kate and straight laced Mountie takes many unexpected turns when a rider steals Kate's suitcase that contains $20,000 but the rider is found shot to death with the money missing. Upon arrival in Morgan's Post Sgt Means chastises O'Brien for his incompetence and orders him back to headquarters."] ["Texas Ranger Dusty Rivers  is sent to Canada during the 1880s in pursuit of outlaw Jacques Corbeau , arriving in the midst of the Riel Rebellion. Dusty meets nurse April Logan  and quickly falls in love with her. However, she is already involved with Canadian Mountie Sergeant Jim Britt . Dusty and April have become involved with one another, which becomes evident to Jim, to whom April wishes to remain loyal. Meanwhile, April's brother, Ronnie Logan ([[Robert Preston , who also is a Mountie, is in love with Corbeau's daughter, Louvette . Louvette loves Ronnie intensely and is determined to protect Ronnie in the coming fight at all costs, using Ronnie's feelings for her father's benefit at times. Corbeau is eventually tracked down to his hideout. When the showdown between Dusty, the Mounties, and the supporters of Corbeau finally arrives, Louvette tricks Ronnie, and ties him to a chair to keep him safe, after he had given her information vital to the Mounties' planned attack on the outlaws. Ronnie is unable to warn his fellow Mounties and Rivers that they are riding into a trap. The lawmen are ambushed and think Ronnie is a deserter. Dusty Rivers helps to turn the tide of the battle and Sergeant Jim arrests Corbeau. Rivers tracks down Ronnie at Louvette's hideout and convinces him to turn himself in, however he is killed in a case of mistaken identity. Afterwards, Dusty Rivers is set to return to Texas, but first gives April and Jim his blessing."] ['Canada is being bombed mercilessly by a mysterious plane, which is shaped like a boomerang, and is dubbed "The Falcon". The plane is under the command of Japanese admiral Yamata. The identity of the plane remains a mystery until Professor Marshall Brent and his daughter Carol arrive with a new type of airplane detector. The axis forces are planning a Canadian invasion, and feeling that Professor Brent poses a threat to their plan, they kidnap him. RCMP Sergeant Dave King attempts a rescue, but the Professor is killed when the plane in which he is held captive crashes into a riverboat. Carol, determined to carry on her father\'s work, manages with Sergeant King\'s help to prevent the axis spies from capturing the device her father invented. When the spy ring makes a last desperate attempt to capture the device from the cabin in which she is hiding out, she destroys it rather than let it fall into enemy hands. She is kidnapped and taken to a volcano crater where the spy ring has its headquarters. It is up to Sergeant King to rescue her.'] 