['The story describes an encounter between a Parisian tailor named Maurice Courtelin  and a family of local aristocrats. These include Viscount Gilbert de Varèze , who owes Maurice a large amount of money for tailoring work; Gilbert\'s uncle Duke d\'Artelines , the family patriarch; d\'Artelines\' man-hungry niece Valentine ; and his other 22-year-old niece, Princess Jeanette , who has been a widow for three years. D\'Artelines has been unable to find Jeanette a new husband of suitable age and rank. House hold also includes three aunts and an ineffectual suitor Count de Savignac . Maurice custom-tailors clothing for de Varèze on credit, but the Viscount\'s unpaid tailoring bills become intolerable, so Maurice travels to de Savignac\'s castle to collect the money owed to him. On the way, he has a confrontation with Princess Jeanette. He immediately professes his love for her, but she haughtily rejects him. When Maurice arrives at the castle, Gilbert introduces him as "Baron Courtelin" in order to hide the truth from the Count. Maurice is fearful of this scheme at first, but changes his mind when he sees Jeanette. While staying at the castle, he arouses Valentine\'s desire, charms the rest of the family except for Jeanette, saves a deer\'s life during a hunt, and continues to woo Jeanette. The Count de Savignac discovers that Maurice is a fake, but the Viscount then claims that Maurice is a royal who is traveling incognito for security reasons. Finally, Jeanette succumbs to Maurice\'s charms, telling him "Whoever you are, whatever you are, wherever you are, I love you." When Maurice criticizes Jeanette\'s tailor, the family confronts him for his rudeness, only to catch him and Jeanette alone with Jeanette partially undressed. Maurice explains that he is redesigning Jeanette\'s riding outfit, and he proves this by successfully altering it, but in the process he is forced to reveal his true identity. Despite her earlier promise, Jeanette recoils from him and runs to her room on hearing that he is a commoner. The entire household is outraged, and Maurice leaves. However, as a train carries him back to Paris, Jeanette struggles with her fears, finally realizes her mistake, and catches up to the train on horseback. When the engineer refuses to stop the train, she rides ahead and stands on the track. The train stops, Maurice jumps out, and the two lovers embrace as steam from the train envelops them.'] ['After winning a cash prize in a contest a young woman decides to visit Venice. She hires a secretary, a wealthy young man in disguise, to accompany her on the holiday. Once in Italy she attracts several suitors but her real love is her secretary. When she discovers he has deceived her she returns to Berlin on the express and he pursues her to try and declare his love.Jung & Schatzberg p.164-165'] ["Laurel and Hardy are a hen-pecked pair of Gypsies in 18th Century Austria. When Oliver is out pickpocketing, fortune-telling or attending his zither lessons, his wife , has an affair with Devilshoof . A cruel nobleman, Count Arnheim, persecutes the Gypsies, who are forced to flee, but Mrs. Hardy kidnaps his daughter, Arline , leaves Hardy holding the baby, and elopes with Devilshoof. 12 years later, the Gypsies return to Arnheim's estate. When grown up Arline ([[Julie Bishop  trespasses in Arnheim's garden, she recognises the place, but is arrested by a constable  and sentenced to a lashing. Stan and Oliver try to save her, but Stan is too drunk and both are arrested. Just as Arline is stripped in order to be lashed she is rescued in time by Arnheim, who recognises a medallion she wears and a family birthmark, and both try to rescue Stan and Oliver. It is too late though: Laurel and Hardy end up in the torture chamber, resulting in one of the team's best sight gags."] ['French General Birabeau has been sent to Morocco to root out and destroy the Riffs, a band of Arab rebels, who threaten the safety of the French outpost in the Moroccan desert. Their dashing, daredevil leader is the mysterious "Red Shadow". Margot Bonvalet, a lovely, sassy French girl, is soon to be married at the fort to Birabeau\'s right-hand man, Captain Fontaine. Birabeau\'s son Pierre, in reality the Red Shadow, loves Margot, but pretends to be a milksop to preserve his secret identity. Margot tells Pierre that she secretly yearns to be swept into the arms of some bold, dashing sheik, perhaps even the Red Shadow himself. Pierre, as the Red Shadow, kidnaps Margot and declares his love for her. To her surprise, Margot\'s mysterious abductor treats her with every Western consideration. When the Red Shadow comes face to face with General Birabeau, the old man challenges the rebel leader to a duel. Of course Pierre will not kill his own father, so he refuses to fight, losing the respect of the Riffs. Azuri, the sinuous and secretive native dancing girl, might be persuaded to answer some of these riddles if only she can be persuaded by Captain Fontaine. Meanwhile, two other characters, Benny  and Susan provide comic relief. Eventually, the Red Shadow\'s identity is discovered, a deal is struck with the Riffs, and Pierre and Margot live happily ever after.'] 