['The Man Eaters are led by Queen . The gang\'s main activity is racing each other, then having a wild orgy at their clubhouse afterward. The race determines the order in which the girls get to pick a man. One of the fastest held rules of the group is that "all men are mothers" and no Man-Eater falls in love. New initiate Karen , strains these rules as the gang finds her choosing the same man, Bill , several times. The Man-Eaters test Karen\'s loyalty by making her drag a well beaten Bill from the back of her motorcycle. Karen\'s loyalty is tested again when her ex-boyfriend, Ted , urges Karen to leave the gang because of the danger presented by a rival gang of hot-rodders led by a man named Joe-Boy .'] ["The plot involves an African American veteran of the Vietnam War, played by Gene Washington, who returns home to find that his brother  has been killed. The killing was done by a white motorcycle gang who objected to the fact that the Robert Howard character had been dating a white woman. The Gene Washington character and his motorcycle gang, also known as the Black Six, attempt to avenge the brother's death. The gang encounters a number of obstacles, including hostile motorcycle gangs  and prejudiced policemen. The movie ends in an inconclusive battle royale with caucasian white-supremist biker gang.<ref nameInternet Movie Database - The Black Six Plot|url2008-08-03}}"] ['The Angels first take note of "Poet"  after one of them inadvertently damages his motorcycle and breaks its headlight. Poet, with far more guts than brains, challenges the Angel that hit his motorcycle. This is an act that would traditionally result in every Angel present participating in a group beating of the attacker. "When a non-Angel hits an Angel, all Angels retaliate." But the leader of the Angels, Buddy , intervenes and tells Poet that the Angels will replace the headlight. In the meantime, he\'s welcome to ride with them while they take care of business—which turns out to be going to a bar and beating up the members of another club who previously beat an Angel. Poet is told to wait outside, but ends up helping the Angels. Later that night, the Angels return the favor by hunting down and beating four sailors who beat Poet four-against-one after he parted company with the group. Poet accidentally bumps into one of the sailors and speaks rudely to him before he realizes that the sailor has three other sailors with him. The four sailors then refuse to accept his apology—but the Angels only know that four sailors beat up Poet, and he doesn\'t tell them how the earlier fight started. One of the sailors pulls a knife on the Angels and is then killed accidentally in the fight that follows. Poet is allowed to ride with the Angels and is eventually elevated to "prospect" status. He is attracted to Buddy\'s some-time girlfriend  who toys with him while remaining hopelessly committed to Buddy. Much of the story that follows consists of scenes of the Angels partying or being provoked to violence by "squares." Although the Angels are shown as being loud and generally irreverent, they are never shown starting trouble except when taking revenge on members of other motorcycle clubs. Eventually, Buddy\'s girlfriend succeeds in provoking a confrontation between Buddy and Poet with only one surviving.'] ['Larry Bishop stars as biker Pistolero, (named after the original title for Robert Rodriguez’s [[Desperado  the leader, or "Pres" of the Victors, a Southern California motorcycle gang. He has two faithful lieutenants, The Gent  and Comanche . In 1976, Cherokee Kisum , the girlfriend of Pistolero  is viciously murdered by The Deuce  and Billy Wings , leaders of the archrival gang the Six-Six-Six\'ers, as a message to the Victors. The Deuce later moves into large scale business efforts, leaving the biker life behind and the Sixers dry up as a gang. Cherokee Kisum has also hidden away a small fortune from under-the-table drug deals she made behind the Deuce\'s back - the reason for which she is murdered. The stash of money is intended for her young son, who disappears after her death. Years later, after The Deuce returns to the area to close up unfinished business and Billy Wings reforms the Sixers in Los Angeles, the rival gang infiltrates the Victors in an attempt to take over their territory. One member from 1976, St. Louie, is murdered in the same manner as Cherokee Kisum. Bob the Bum, the Victors\' treasurer, is similarly killed. Pistolero then begins to make moves to eliminate the Sixers and finally gain his revenge. While loyal bikers are killed by the Sixers, the more treacherous and less faithful Victors try to influence The Gent, Comanche, and Goody Two-Shoes to switch sides - or kill them. Goody Two-Shoes, the Victors\' only black member, is eventually killed after being located and chased down by Billy Wings. With the aid of his beautiful "medicine woman" Nada  and his old friend and ally Eddie Zero , Pistolero and the remaining Victors try to locate and kill The Deuce, Billy Wings and the Sixers before they themselves are killed.'] ['Billy Jack is introduced as an enigmatic, half-Indian Vietnam War veteran who shuns society, taking refuge in the peaceful solitude of the California Central Coast mountains. His troubles begin when he descends from this unspoiled setting and drives into a small beach town named Big Rock . A minor traffic accident in which a motorist hits a motorcyclist results in a savage beating by members of the Born Losers Motorcycle Club. The horrified bystanders  are too afraid to help or be involved in any way. Billy Jack jumps into the fray and rescues the man by himself. At this point the police arrive and arrest Billy for using a rifle to stop the fight.  The police throw Billy in jail and fine him heavily for discharging a rifle in public. He is treated with suspicion and hostility by the police. Meanwhile, the marauding bikers terrorize the town, rape four teenage girls , and threaten anyone slated to testify against them. One of the girls, played by Susan Foster, later recants, saying she willingly gave herself to the biker gang.  Co-scriptwriter Elizabeth James plays Vicky Barrington, a bikini-clad damsel-in-distress who is twice abducted and abused by the gang. The second time, she and Billy are kidnapped together. After Billy is brutally beaten, Vicky agrees to become the gang\'s sexually compliant "biker mama" if they release Billy. At the police station, Billy is unable to get help from the police or the local residents and must return to the gang\'s lair to rescue Vicky by himself. The bikers lair was once owned by silent film star Rudolph Valentino as a get-a-way from Hollywood. It is located in Seal Beach. Billy, armed with a Springfield rifle, captures the gang, shoots the leader  between the eyes, and forces some of the others to take Vicky, who\'s been badly beaten herself, to the hospital. As the police finally arrive, Billy abruptly rides off on one of the gang\'s motorcycles. The anti-authority sentiment continues up to the end when a police deputy accidentally shoots Billy in the back, mistaking him for a fleeing gang member. He is later found, nearly dead, lying by the shore of a lake. He is placed on a stretcher and is flown to the hospital in a helicopter as Vicky and the sheriff give him a salute.'] ['The protagonists are two freewheeling hippies: Wyatt , nicknamed "Captain America", and Billy . Fonda and Hopper said that these characters\' names refer to Wyatt Earp and Billy the Kid.<ref nameMarch 2011}} was a spiritual failure. The next morning, the two are continuing their trip to Florida  when two rednecks in a pickup truck spot them and decide to "scare the hell out of them" with their shotgun. As they pull alongside Billy, one of the men lazily aims the shotgun at him and threatens and insults him by saying, "Want me to blow your brains out?" and "Why don\'t you get a haircut?" When Billy flips his middle finger up at them, the hillbilly fires the shotgun at Billy, who immediately hits the pavement, seriously wounded in the side. As the truck then takes off past Wyatt down the road, Wyatt turns around and races back to put his jacket over his fatally injured friend, who is already covered in blood, before riding off for help. But by this time, the same pickup truck has turned around and closes on Wyatt. Not wanting any witnesses to report them to the police, the hillbilly fires at Wyatt as he speeds by the pickup, hitting the bike\'s gas tank and causing it to instantly erupt into a fiery explosion. Wyatt lands by the side of the road, dead. As the murderous rednecks drive away, the film ends with a shot of the flaming bike in the middle of the deserted road, as the camera ascends to the sky.'] ["The film follows Cody  and his motorcycle gang, the Skulls. A gang member by the story of how Butch Cassidy and his gang lived in a town called Hole-in-the-Wall, where there were no police. Inspired, Cody tells the gang that they are all going to Hole-in-the-Wall to live forever. After breaking their buddy Funky out of jail, terrorizing a store owner at a gas stop, and destroying the RV of a couple who inadvertently knock over a motorcycle, they arrive in the town of Brookville, as it is celebrating its annual picnic. The mayor, sheriff, and other townsfolk immediately want them to leave. The sheriff is more conciliatory, and comes to an agreement with Cody that the Skulls can camp on the beach if they agree to stay there and get out of town in the morning. A local girl, fascinated by the gang, joins them on the beach. Meanwhile, the mayor and other townsfolk have decided that the sheriff is not doing a good enough job protecting the town, and that he should have run the gang out of town. The gang gets the local girl high and then begins to grope her. Frightened, she runs back to town. The mayor seizes on this as a pretext and falsely claims to the sheriff that she has been raped. The sheriff arrests Cody and has the rest of the gang run out of town. The gang decides to enlist the help of a larger motorcycle gang. Meanwhile, the sheriff realizes that he has been lied to and releases Cody. Reunited with his gang, Cody tries to convince them to continue on to Hole-in-the-Wall, but they are committed to returning to Brookville for revenge. The gang gathers up the girl and her family, the mayor and another prominent citizen who wanted to run the gang out of town, and the sheriff, and gathers them together for a mock trial. The mayor and his companion are sentenced to being beaten up. The gang claims that they are owed a rape, and ignore Cody trying to stop them. Meanwhile, the other motorcycle gang has begun to terrorize the town. Cody asks his gang member where Hole-in-the-Wall is, and is told that it is made up. He tries to get his girlfriend to leave with him, but she does not want to go. Cody drops his president's cut off jacket/colors in the dirt and rides away on his motorcycle. As he rides away, police are visible converging on Brookville."] ['The plot involves a gang of Hells Angels type bikers called "The Devil\'s Advocates" involved in the Vietnam war. They are sent to the Cambodian jungle on Yamaha bikes in order to rescue an American diplomat/CIA Agent . The biker gang is led by Link ([[William Smith , a Vietnam veteran and the brother of an Army Major  who has recruited them. His gang consists of Duke  also a Vietnam veteran, Limpy , Speed , and another Vietnam veteran Dirty Denny . They are under the orders of Army Captain Jackson . The gang modifies their motorcycles in a garage run by Vic Diaz. They weld armour plating with submachine guns on the handlebars. Limpy drives a three-wheeler modified from a Harley-Davidson frame with a Volkswagen rear endhttp://www.psychotronicvideo.com/wow/inner_views/koslo/koslo2.html that is armed with heavy .50 calibre machine guns and a multiple rocket launcher from a helicopter. In order to open fire on enemy soldiers in trees or towers the gang do wheelies whilst firing their weapons.'] ['The story involves a veterinarian whose wife is raped by a motorcycle gang led by a sadistic Vietnam veteran. After the gang kills an old man, his wife teams up with the veterinarian to hunt down the gang.'] ["As a group of bikers moves across the desert, they come across an old church that a satanic cult has taken over. The cultists give them drugged food, and the bikers soon fall asleep. That night the cultists cast a curse on the biker leader's girlfriend, that makes her turn into a werewolf after nightfall; she soon infects her boyfriend. The bikers leave the church, and begin to be killed off whenever they stop for the night. Things come to a climax when the couple changes in front of the bikers, who quickly kill the beasts. The bikers return to the church to have their revenge, but stop when they see themselves in the cult-procession."] ['In between sprees featuring drugs, fights, sexual assault, loud revving Harley chopper engines and bongo drums, the Angels ride out to Mecca, California in the desert to look for the Loser\'s stolen motorcycle. They blame a group of Mexicans in a repair shop, and the two groups brawl. The police arrive, chasing the Angels on foot, and the Loser escapes by stealing a police motorcycle. After a chase on mountain roads, one of the officers shoots the Loser in the back, putting him in the hospital. Blues leads a small group of Angels that sneaks him out of the hospital, and one of them begins to sexually attack a black nurse until Blues pulls him away. The nurse identifies Blues to police though he stopped the attack. Without proper medical care, the Loser goes into shock and dies. His cohorts forge a death certificate and arrange a church funeral in the Loser’s rural hometown. Blues interrupts the service and, the Angels have a "party." The Angels remove the Loser from his Nazi flag-draped casket, sit him up and place a joint in his mouth, knock out the minister, place him in the casket, and two Angels drug and rape the Loser’s grieving widow, Gaysh, while Blues is apparently having sex with another woman. Later, the Angels proceed to the Sequoia Grove cemetery to bury the Loser. There, the locals throw stones at the Angels and provoke a fight. As police sirens approach and everyone scatters, Mike begs Blues to leave immediately, but he refuses and tells her to leave with another member of the gang. Blues stays behind, and before burying his friend on his own, says with resignation, "There’s nowhere to go."'] ['The Black Rebels Motorcycle Club, a group of bikers led by Johnny Strabler , rides into Carbonville, California during a motorcycle race and causes trouble. A member of the gang, Mouse , steals the second place trophy  and presents it to Johnny. Stewards and policemen order them to leave. The bikers head to Wrightsville, which only has one elderly, conciliatory lawman, Chief Harry Bleeker ([[Robert Keith , to maintain order. The residents are uneasy, but mostly willing to put up with their visitors. When their antics cause Art Kleiner ([[Will Wright  to swerve and crash his car, he demands that something be done, but Harry is reluctant to act, a weakness that is not lost on the interlopers. This accident results in the gang having to stay longer in town as one member injured himself falling off his motorcycle. Although the young men become more and more boisterous, their custom is enthusiastically welcomed by Frank Bleeker  who runs the local cafe-bar, employing Harry\'s daughter, Kathie and the elderly Jimmy . At the Bleeker\'s cafe, Johnny meets Kathie, ([[Mary Murphy . He asks her out to a dance being held that night. Kathie politely turns him down, but she is visibly intrigued by Johnny\'s dark, brooding personality. When another local girl  asks him "What are you rebelling against, Johnny?", he answers "Whaddaya got?" Johnny is attracted to Kathie and decides to stay a while. However, when he learns that she is the policeman\'s daughter, he changes his mind. Then a rival biker gang, The Beetles, arrives. Their leader, Chino , bears a grudge against Johnny. Chino reveals the two groups used to be one large gang before Johnny split it up. When Chino takes Johnny\'s trophy, the two begin to fight and Johnny wins. When local Charlie Thomas  stubbornly tries to drive through, he hits a parked motorcycle and injures Meatball, one of Chino\'s bikers. Chino pulls Charlie out and leads both gangs to overturn his car. Harry intervenes and begins to arrest both Chino and Charlie, but when other townspeople remind Harry that Charlie would cause problems for him in the future, he only takes Chino to the station. Later that night, Chino\'s gang abducts Charlie and puts him in the same jail cell as Chino, who is too drunk to leave with his friends. Some Beetles members harass the telephone switchboard operator into leaving thereby disrupting the townspeople\'s communication. Later, as both gangs wreck the town and intimidate the inhabitants, some bikers led by Gringo  chase and surround Kathie, but Johnny rescues her and takes her on a long ride in the countryside. Frightened at first, Kathie comes to see that Johnny is genuinely attracted to her and means her no harm. When she opens up to him and asks to go with him, he rejects her. Crying, she runs away. Johnny drives off to search for her. This is seen and misinterpreted by Art Kleiner. The townspeople have had enough; Johnny\'s supposed assault on Kathie is the last straw. Vigilantes led by Charlie Thomas chase and catch Johnny and beat him mercilessly, but he escapes on his motorcycle when the mob is confronted by Harry. The mob give chase, and he is hit by a thrown tire iron and falls. His riderless motorcycle strikes and kills Jimmy. Sheriff Singer  arrives with his deputies and restores order. Johnny is initially arrested for Jimmy\'s death. Kathie pleads on his behalf. Seeing this, two witnesses step forward and testify that Johnny was not responsible for the tragedy. Johnny is unable to thank them. The motorcyclists are ordered to leave the county albeit paying for all damage. Returning alone to Wrightsville, however, Johnny re-visits the cafe to say goodbye to Kathie one final time. He smiles awkwardly offering her his stolen trophy before leaving.'] 