['Six introverted individuals, bored with their lives and trying to escape their daily routine, attempt to find a radical solution to their boredom by getting themselves admitted into a psychiatric hospital. Among these individuals are: Maud , a bored trophy wife who feels trapped in a loveless marriage; Antoine , a sex-obsessed virgin; Alice , a woman whose only enjoyment comes from computers; Miranda , a paranoid exhibitionist whose inhibitions make her dislike being the center of attention; Paul , a fanatical right-wing conspiracy theorist; and Alan , an androgynous rapper. Upon arriving to the asylum, the six individuals are informed that there is only room for one person in the hospital. Nurse Milly  informs the individuals that they will now have to compete for the only remaining spot in the asylum. The nurse proceeds to administer tests and contests and whomever she deems to be the craziest and most insane will be declared the winner and will be committed into the institution. The competition and everything in the institution is always watched over and supervised by an unseen character known only as "The Beard".'] ["It is 1982 and Lizzie Borden High School is host to the tenth-year reunion of the class of 1972. Their fun is murderously interrupted by the psychotic Walter Baylor who bears a grudge against his former classmates for a prank committed against him ten years ago. The motley crew of '72 set out to uncover who amongst them is committing the killings."] ['Inspector Clouseau  is called to the country home of a Paris plutocrat, Benjamin Ballon , to investigate the murder of his Spanish chauffeur, Miguel. The chauffeur was having an affair with the maid, Maria Gambrelli , who claims that he often beat her. Although all the evidence points to Gambrelli as the killer, Clouseau stubbornly refuses to admit that she is guilty, having fallen madly in love with her. For the real culprits to keep the truth hidden from Clouseau\'s boss, Commissioner Charles Dreyfus , they must commit more murders. With the murders of Georges ([[David Lodge  the gardener, Dudu  the maid, and Henri LaFarge  the head butler, Maria is arrested, and each time Clouseau sets her free. Clouseau is always at the wrong place at the right time and manages to get himself arrested by uniformed police four times in quick succession . As Clouseau continues to bungle the case, Commissioner Dreyfus becomes increasingly agitated, resulting in his accidentally cutting off his thumb and stabbing himself with a letter-opener. An anonymous figure begins stalking Clouseau, trying to kill him, but accidentally kills a doorman instead, as well as two café customers and a Cossack dancer. Clouseau gathers all the suspects together, and it comes out that Ballon, his wife Dominique, Madame LaFarge, Pierre the driver, and Simone the maid are guilty of murder: each of them having killed one of the earlier murder victims, with Maurice the manservant as a blackmailer, and Maria, who is innocent of any crime. The guilty attempt to escape in Clouseau\'s car, which is blown up, and the anonymous bomber is revealed to be Commissioner Dreyfus, who has been driven mad by Clouseau\'s blunders, and, in trying to kill him, has accidentally killed the actual murderers. The film ends when out of nowhere, Kato  pushes Clouseau and Maria into the fountain and Maria and Clouseau fight Kato as the title "The End" appears on the screen.'] ["Coach Lambeau Fields  is pathetic. He has the distinction of being the worst coach in the history of sports anyone can recall. A loser of enormous proportions, the incompetent and seemingly hopeless coach is convinced by fellow coach Freddie Wiseman  to return to the field for one last shot. Assuring his long suffering wife, Barb , that he will not ignore his family, Coach moves them to Plainfolk, Texas where he hopes to redeem himself and his reputation. Here he begins yet another attempt to improve his abysmal record - this time as the coach of the football team at Heartland State University. But he is saddled with a team of misfits - most of whom don't know the difference between a line of scrimmage and a line at the cafeteria. Although the team and townsfolk are leery of the newcomer's approach, the Coach uses his unorthodox methods to whip this group of rag-tags into shape - both on and off the field. While the audience follows their winding road to the playoffs, the film pokes fun at the clichés and conventions of other sports flicks. And the team does make progress, so much so that they actually make it to the South-Southwest Conference Championship at the 2nd Annual Toilet Bowl. Facing their fiercest opponents yet and yearning to win the big game, The Comebacks face off with the Lone Star State Unbeatables. And as every great sports team has always done, The Comebacks use ingenuity and unorthodox measures in the final showdown where the best team win. The Comebacks are victorious, but Lambeau is subsequently knocked down in a surprise attack by a bus with Freddie driving it, who laughs manically as Lambeau is in pain . Lambeau groans in agony."] ["Miles Campbell, recent graduate of a Christian divinity university, arrives in Salem, Massachusetts to become the local parson's assistant. He meets with his childhood sweetheart, baker Sara Lee, and plans to marry her. Meanwhile, greedy Judge Samuel John arrives to meet with idiotic Mayor Upton to discuss plans for a  Mall for Salem. To acquire the necessary real estate they hatch a scheme to accuse certain villagers of witchcraft. When the accused are tried, convicted and burned, their land can be confiscated. The plan is succeeding, as the villagers, egged on by the parson's shrewish mother, enthusiastically accept the Judge's message. Then saucy Faith Stewart  arrives from London for Thanksgiving with her cousins. Faith falls for Miles and accuses Sara of witchcraft. Miles must prove Sara's innocence before she is burned at the stake."] ["Brilliant surgeon Daniel Jekyll  dedicates himself to medical research, hoping to unlock man's animal nature and increase his capacity for self-healing. Jekyll accidentally creates a white powder which, when inhaled through the nose, temporarily turns him into a completely uninhibited sex maniac who calls himself Mister Hyde. Jekyll can't bring himself to throw away the drug or to stop taking it, and Hyde's escapades play havoc with Jekyll's life. At the very end, we see Robert Louis Stevenson literally spinning in his grave."] ["The movie follows a man ([[Paul Jones  who is unnamed. The movie starts out with the central character in a car with a man  who just picked him up. The victim talks to him, but he's uninterested. The victim decides to pull over because he doesn't like the sound of the engine. While he's looking under the hood of the car the central character slams the hood down on him, decapitating him in the process. The central character eventually sews the head back on, and the victim wakes up. The central character tells him he doesn't want to drive anymore that day and to leave without him. A few years later the central character is called on to be part of a committee, groups that supposedly keep the system running but really don't do much of anything. He feels paranoid that the committee was called on account of him, and runs into the victim while there, who doesn't seem to remember him. The central character talks about this with a man listed as 'The committee director'  in the credits. This conversation lasts for the duration of the movie, and features most of the music Pink Floyd wrote for the film."] ["During the current term at Maudlin Street Secondary Modern School, William Wakefield ([[Ted Ray  - who has been at the school for 20 years - is acting headmaster. He spots an advertisement for a headmaster of a brand new school near where he was born and decides to apply for the post. Because of a coinciding visit by a Ministry of Education Inspector  and the noted child psychiatrist Alistair Grigg , he decides to enlist the help of his staff to ensure that the school routine runs smoothly during their visit. While in conference with his teaching staff (including Gregory Adams , science master; Edwin Milton , English master; Michael Bean , music teacher; Sarah Allcock , gym mistress and Grace Short ; a senior pupil  overhears that Wakefield is planning to leave at the end of term. The pupils are fond of the venerable teacher and Stevens immediately rushes this information to his schoolmates. They plan to sabotage every endeavour that might earn Wakefield praise, which would set him on the road to his new post. On arrival, Grigg and Miss Wheeler are escorted by Wakefield on a tour of inspection and the pupils go out of their way to misbehave in each class they visit. However Griggs' tour has not been in vain: he has taken a shine to Sarah Allcock, the gym mistress and it is obvious the feeling is mutual. Miss Wheeler is disgusted at the behaviour of the children towards the teachers, but is softened when she visits the science master's class, where she feels an instinctive maternal affection for the charm of the nervous science master, Adams. Wakefield realises his position as headmaster of the new school is in jeopardy and, on seeing Miss Wheeler’s interest in Adams, enlists his help. He asks Adams to make advances to Miss Wheeler to win her over. Adams is aghast at the thought, but eventually agrees to do his best. After many unsuccessful attempts to tell Miss Wheeler of his love, Adams finds an untruth has become truth and finally finds enough courage to declare his love. The pupils meanwhile, have been doing everything in their power to make things go wrong, and on the last day of term are caught trying to sabotage the prizegiving. They are told to report to Wakefield’s study and after much cross-examination he learns the reason for the week's events - the pupils simply did not want to see him leave. Wakefield - deeply moved - tells the children he won't leave and will see them all next term. Miss Wheeler, softened by her newfound love, announces that she intends to tell the Ministry that staff-pupil relationships at the school are excellent."] ['Attorney Harold Fine  is set to marry his longtime girlfriend Joyce, but is having deep second thoughts. He encounters his brother, a hippie living in Venice Beach, and falls for an attractive flower power hippie girl  who has a knack for making pot brownies. Harold ends up running out of his wedding to live with the hippie girl and attempts to find himself as well with the aid of a guru.'] ["A wealthy playboy/private-investigator named Cody Abilene is hired by a Government Intelligence Operative to investigate a lead into who is selling computer technology to the Russians. While investigating rich socialites, amorous naked vixens, an ex-con with a penchant for blackmail, and keeping it all from his sexy lady cop friend Beverly Mcafee, Cody puts himself in the crosshairs of the traitorous tech-spies who will gladly kill to stay in business. The scope of the conspiracy is revealed after Cody and Beverly make love at a suspect's beachhouse, only to find a pair of hitmen gunning for them as they get dressed. Gunplay, car chases and races ensue."] ['"Rainbow Randolph" Smiley , a happily corrupt children\'s television host, is disgraced by an FBI sting for ripping off parents who want their kids on the show. He is replaced by the "squeaky clean" Sheldon Mopes  and his character, Smoochy the Rhino. Mopes is uniquely sincere and thoroughly interested in providing quality child edutainment but is seen by the network as nothing but a substitute for Randolph and they immediately implement a full line of theme-related products based on Smoochy in order to reap the tremendous commercial benefits of what has quickly become a tremendously popular kids show. Randolph finds himself unemployed, homeless, and outcast from the television industry by his two-faced associate Marion Stokes . In an effort to return to the spotlight, Randolph hatches several schemes to bring down Mopes in hopes of reclaiming his time slot, including planting phallic-shaped cookies into a live taping of the Smoochy show. Mopes quickly finds himself losing creative control over his show to his hardened producer Nora Wells . With the help of his new agent Burke Bennett , Mopes renegotiates his contract and is named executive producer. He is approached by Irish mob boss Tommy Cotter , who wants Mopes to create a spot on his show for her cousin Spinner , a former boxer whose numerous head injuries have left him with severe brain damage. Sheldon reluctantly adds Spinner to the show, first as a cowbell-wielding game warden, and later on as Smoochy\'s cousin Moochy. Rainbow Randolph sets a scheme to destroy Mopes\'s career and regain his show too. but both fail. Mopes becomes enraged to learn that Burke signed him up to star in a Smoochy ice show; he feels that the event will exploit children. Burke and Merv Green , the heads of the corrupt charity running the ice show, unsuccessfully warn Mopes from backing out of the event. Soon afterward, a disguised Randolph dupes Mopes into doing a Smoochy act at a neo-Nazi rally that is raided by the police. Smoochy is labeled a racist and fired. However, when Randolph accidentally lets it slip to Nora that he framed Smoochy, he is arrested. Smoochy\'s reputation and show are restored. After telling him that his show is back on the air, Nora kisses Mopes and has sex with him, starting a relationship. Smoochy commits to the ice show. He decides that all proceeds will go to the drug rehab clinic he used to work at, which was closed due to lack of funding; the kids will be given free souvenirs and healthful snacks. Burke and Green retaliate by plotting to kill Mopes and hire a new host who will cooperate with their profit skimming. However, Green and his men accidentally kill Spinner in his Moochy costume; they are discovered and killed by Cotter. Meanwhile, Randolph corners Mopes and Nora in their penthouse and threatens to kill them. They talk him down and discover that he\'s depressed and genuinely misses entertaining children. An empathetic Mopes offers to let Randolph stay in the penthouse until he recovers. Burke and Stokes hire heroin addict Buggy Ding Dong , another former host, to assassinate Mopes during his ice show. Buggy steals a backstage pass to get inside. However, Randolph, who has been summoned to the ice show, tackles Buggy just as he tries to shoot Mopes from the rafters. Randolph and Buggy struggle for the sniper rifle, until Buggy falls to his death. After Mopes realizes that Burke and Stokes set him up, he chases after Burke into an alley. He pulls a gun and threatens to kill Burke, but Cotter and her men arrive and persuade him to stop. The movie ends with Smoochy and Rainbow Randolph launching a new show together.'] ['Banzai prepares to test his Jet Car, a modified Ford F-350 pickup truck powered by a jet engine, and capable of exceeding Mach 1. The car is also equipped with a secret device called an "oscillation overthruster", which Banzai and his associates hope will allow it to drive through solid matter. The test is a success; Banzai stuns onlookers by driving the Jet Car directly through a mountain. Emerging on the other side, Banzai finds that an alien organism has attached itself to the undercarriage. Hearing of Banzai\'s success, physicist Dr. Emilio Lizardo breaks out of the Trenton Home for the Criminally Insane, after being held there for 50 years. A flashback shows Banzai\'s mentor, Dr. Hikita, was present at Lizardo\'s failed overthruster experiment in 1938. Crashing half through the target wall, Lizardo had been briefly trapped in the 8th dimension where his mind was taken over by Lord John Whorfin. Whorfin is the leader of the Red Lectroids, a race of alien reptiles who wage war against Planet 10. After being defeated by the less aggressive Black Lectroids, Whorfin and his group were banished into the 8th dimension. Lizardo\'s failed experiment accidentally released Whorfin, and he soon brings many of the Red Lectroids to Earth in an incident that was reported in 1938 by Orson Welles in his radio broadcast The War of the Worlds, only to have it retracted as fiction. The Red Lectroids now pose as employees of the defense contracting company named Yoyodyne Propulsion Systems. They have been working on building a large spacecraft under the guise of a US Air Force program, the Truncheon bomber. They intend to rescue the remaining 8th dimension exiles and take over Planet 10. They were unable to produce a working overthruster like Banzai\'s, so Whorfin plans to steal it. Banzai\'s team, the Hong Kong Cavaliers, finds out about Yoyodyne and hacks into their computer. They discover that everyone there has the first name John, with various last names such as Yaya, Smallberries, and Bigbooté. At first they believe it to be a joke, but then they notice all the Yoyodyne employees applied for Social Security cards on November 1, 1938 and all in the same town, Grover\'s Mill, New Jersey. In the meantime, a Black Lectroid spacecraft orbiting Earth contacts Banzai, giving him an electric shock that enables him to see through Lectroids\' camouflage.  The ship also sends a "thermo-pod" to Earth, with a holographic message from the Black Lectroids\' leader, John Emdall, explaining Lord Whorfin\'s motives and giving an ultimatum: stop Whorfin and his army or the Black Lectroids will protect themselves by staging a fake nuclear attack, causing the start of World War III. With help from the Black Lectroid messenger John Parker, Banzai and the Hong Kong Cavaliers, a collection of civilian volunteers named "The Blue Blaze Irregulars", and a young woman named Penny Priddy, , Buckaroo succeeds in his mission, destroying the Red Lectroids and saving Earth. The end credits announce an unproduced sequel Buckaroo Banzai Against the World Crime League.'] ['The film follows Melinda, a female employee of the Pentagon\'s public information service, who loses her job when she refuses to give in to her male superiors\' sexual advances. She then becomes outraged by the Pentagon\'s "un-patriotic" actions, and takes revenge on them by using her physical charms to seduce the top brass into letting her back into the Pentagon. After being re-employed, she sets out to manipulate them to her will and destroy their careers, thus ridding the US government of what she sees as "perverts", who care more about cheap thrills than national security. She eventually seduces the Russian ambassador into betraying valuable military secrets by offering him among other things "the most scrumptious little breasts" as well as something  which she declares to be the "softest, moistest, sweetest". In the end she is appointed Secretary of Defense as a reward.'] ['Set 10 years after the events of Attack of the Killer Tomatoes , the United States is once again safe, and tomatoes have been outlawed . Wilbur Finletter  has been praised as a hero of the Great Tomato War and parlayed his fame into opening Finletter\'s Pizzeria, which serves tomato-less pizzas. Working for Wilbur is his nephew Chad Finletter  who is a delivery boy. Also with Chad is his roommate Matt Stevens , a suave ladies\' man. However, trouble returns with a misanthropic villain, Professor Mortimer Gangreen  and his assistant Igor  seek to unleash another wave of tomato terror. Professor Gangreen was perplexed at being defeated by "Puberty Love", the worst song ever created, and says that this time music will aid, rather than hinder him. Gangreen has created a tomato transformation chamber by which he can turn ordinary tomatoes into replicas of men and women. By dipping ordinary tomatoes into vats of toxic waste and then placing them into the chamber, Gangreen uses music to his advantage, as the juke box that is hooked up to the chamber syncs up with the tomato transformation chamber, allowing him to create virtually anything by the use of whatever song he has picked . Gangreen\'s preferred music is rock, which creates soldiers. With his tomato commandos, Professor Gangreen seeks to attack the nearby prison where he will break out his imprisoned ally Jim Richardson , then take over the United States under the subjugation of his killer tomatoes and installing Richardson as President of the United States. Gangreen has also used his device to create an attractive female replica named Tara , who serves as Gangreen\'s assistant until she realizes his abusive attitude towards a wrongly mutated tomato whom she dubs FT, or Fuzzy Tomato. Tara defects to Finletter\'s Pizza where she starts dating Chad. This film marks the first appearance of FT, the Fuzzy Tomato. Other notable characters are Chad Finletter , nephew of Wilbur Finletter  and his girlfriend Tara , who is actually a female Killer Tomato turned into an attractive girl by the device. Tara turns back into a tomato when she hears the opening musical notes of Beethoven\'s Fifth Symphony; however, the musical notes of the theme to Gone with the Wind restores her to human form. The characters and timeline of this film were recycled for the Attack of the Killer Tomatoes: The Animated Series . Return of the Killer Tomatoes! also has the distinction of being one of George Clooney\'s earliest movies. This was shot in National City. It was also filmed on 3rd Avenue in Chula Vista in what is now known as Don Pedro\'s Taco Shop. A trailer to the film shows up on some VHS copies of Dead Heat.'] ['As written from the official site, "Trooper Clerks is a parody mixing the characters from Kevin Smith\'s Clerks universe with the settings and characters in George Lucas\'s Star Wars universe. The end result is a hilarious yet foul-languaged multimedia experiment that has captured the hearts and minds of thousands of fans."{{Citation needed}}'] ["In not-so-merry-old-England during the 13th Century, the neurotic Prince John  sits on the throne, supported by his evil henchman, Sir Guy of Gisbourne  and constantly ridiculed by his mother, Eleanor of Aquitaine . While celebrating his birthday, the Prince becomes unhappy when he discovers his older brother, Richard, is not dead as everyone thought but rather being held for ransom in Austria. As Richard is the rightful King of England, this creates a problem for Prince John. However, Gisbourne openly suggests that they tax the Saxon peasants to raise the ransom, while secretly confiding in the Prince that the King will most likely die of pneumonia before the year is out and that they will keep the money. The birthday revels are interrupted by Robin Hood , disguised in drag and reciting an offensive poem. Not seeing through the disguise, Gisbourne demands she take them to Robin Hood's hideout in Sherwood Forest. That night, Eleanor convinces Maid Marian  to play up to Gisbourne's advances and use him to help Robin Hood. When Prince John and Guy travel to Sherwood, they are ambushed by Robin Hood's Merry Men. They are stripped of their garments, their possessions and money stolen, then driven out of the forest. Will Scarlet  frequently tries to make a song out of these events, but thankfully Robin stops him every time. Eleanor and Marian sneak into the bandits' camp at night, disguised as two nuns, and hoping to enlist Robin's help in freeing King Richard. They are caught by Robin, who recognises them immediately, and the trio eat together and discuss plans. Robin and Marian realise they love each other. Robin and his band begin travelling across the country to raise the ransom money but nothing goes right. They try robbing a bank only to find that they have won a prize as the hundredth customer and get distracted. When they finally rob the bank, they find it only has three coins and a pfennig. Times are hard for everyone, it seems. Eventually, Robin has to report back to Eleanor that England is broke. She advises him to get the money from Isaac of York , a Jewish moneylender. In York, Robin stands out like a sore thumb amongst all the orthodox Jews. Isaac agrees to lend Robin the ransom money provided that in return the King gives the Jews their own country. Isaac suggests Palestine, although Miami would be his second choice. They settle on naming the new country after Isaac's father, Israel. Robin sneaks into the Prince's castle to tell Eleanor, who now insists he must raise an army. Robin then tries to seduce Marian, promising her they'll be wed once King Richard returns, but with little success."] ['{{plot}} Maxwell "Max" Smart , an analyst for the top secret American intelligence agency CONTROL, yearns to become a field agent like his idol, Agent 23 . Despite his amazing scores in the acceptance tests, Max is denied the promotion because the Chief  of CONTROL feels that Max\'s analytical skills are best used for his present assignment. When CONTROL headquarters is attacked by the terrorist organization KAOS, led by Siegfried , almost all of CONTROL\'s agents\' identities are exposed, leaving only Max and Agent 99 , whose recent plastic surgery has protected her identity, to pursue the culprits while former field operatives are demoted to desk jobs. Max is promoted to field agent as Agent 86, but the experienced 99 is reluctant to partner him because of his clumsy personality. Before he leaves HQ, two of Max\'s friends from the lab give him an unusual Swiss Army Knife which not only has the standard equipment, but also comes with a flamethrower and a crossbow that fires harpoons. Max and 99 enter Russia by parachute, hoping to trace KAOS\' recent acquisition of nuclear materials through its chief bomb maker, Krstic. Along the way, they are attacked by Dalip , one of Siegfried\'s henchman. By infiltrating a luxurious party hosted by Krstic, they trace the nuclear material to a KAOS nuclear weapons factory disguised as a Moscow bakery, but when Krstic and his men corner them, Max is forced to shot him. In the bakery, Max meets with Siegfried and his second-in-command, Shtarker, only to learn that Siegfried was expecting him because a double-agent has compromised his and 99\'s identities. Max manages to escape capture and bombs the weapons factory. During their escape, Max and 99 are confronted by Dalip. Realizing that he knows Dalip through hours of listening to him on spy \'chatter\', Max manages to persuade Dalip to spare their lives by giving him advice on how to repair his failing marriage. The Chief sends 23 to observe the clean-up of the factory, but KAOS manages to sneak the weapons out through the Moskva River, so 23 report\'s that only a bakery has been destroyed. Realizing that Max was alone during his key discoveries, CONTROL believe Max to be the double-agent. 99, who has been gradually falling in love with Max, is heartbroken but takes Max into custody. CONTROL\'s warning is disregarded when Siegfried threatens to release nuclear weapon detonator codes to rogue states unless the United States government pays him $200&nbsp;billion. While Max is in a CONTROL holding cell, Dalip sends him a coded message via the radio show American Top 40 revealing Siegfried\'s plan: to detonate a nuclear device during the President\'s visit to a concert performed at the Walt Disney Concert Hall in Los Angeles. Max escapes from CONTROL and flies to Los Angeles to unite with the Chief, 99, and 23, who have flown out to persuade the President to take the KAOS threat seriously. Although 23 is skeptical, Max manages to convince 99 and the Chief that he is not the double-agent. As KAOS plants the nuclear bomb in the concert hall, Max\'s Geiger counter-equipped watch beeps when he is near 23, picking up trace elements of radiation. Max questions him as to why he would have radiation on him if he said the bakery was clean. He also points out that 23\'s knife wound is seeping blood, which 23 had previously said happens when his blood pressure rises, concluding that 23 is the double-agent. 23 then pulls out a gun, takes 99 hostage and flees in a vehicle. While chasing after 23, Max explains to the Chief about why can\'t get over the fact that 23 is a traitor while the Chief constantly warns Max of obstacles ahead. Crashing into a golf course, the car is littered with golf balls, while hitting a sand trap, a golf tractor and a snack shack. The car hit the shack, flies through the air, and lands at the fence of an airport. They then hop onto a small plane with an advertisement on its tail. Max reaches 23\'s car by jumping out of the plane and rescues 99, but in the struggle the car is set on fire  and forced onto railroad tracks. Max then follows 99\'s example during the skydive and kisses 23 to distract him. After the kiss, the car collides with a freight train and 23 is killed. Max escapes certain death, "missing it by that much". After analyzing 23\'s nuclear football, Max realizes that the bomb will be triggered by the final note of Beethoven\'s "Ode to Joy". Max, 99, and the Chief manage to reach the concert hall, and Max tackles the conductor just before the final note. Siegfried, finding that his plan has failed, tells Dalip that he will not kill his wife for his failure, though he comments that he would be doing "the sighted world a favor" if he did. In response, Dalip throws him out the car door. Max is given honors and gets his dream of becoming a real spy with agent 99 as his girlfriend. The movie ends as Max and 99 exit CONTROL headquarters through a walkway. While the doors of the walkway close, the two notice that the last door did not close. Max attempts to fix it, but it closes on him. He drops his Swiss Army knife and it fires a harpoon at his cheeks.'] ['Toby and Les meet when Toby interrupts a crowd of paparazzi waiting to take pictures of a modern-age diva who goes by the name of K\'harma Leeds . Les requests that Toby go get coffee for himself and two of his colleagues. On his way back with coffee, Toby is stopped by K\'harma\'s agents from the inside of a building and asked to see if the photographers are looking. After the photographers look away, the agents guide K\'harma past Toby towards a car. The photographers catch on and rush towards the car, colliding with Toby and spilling some coffee. Later that night, Toby approaches Les outside his apartment, scaring him. He claims that he was bringing his change back from the coffee, but eventually asks to stay with him that night, saying that he is really cold and doesn\'t have a place to stay. The next day, Toby offers to be his assistant for free, which Les accepts. Later that night, after being thrown out of a party, Les and Toby overhear a celebrity\'s agent talking about where his client is getting surgery done on his penis. Toby writes down the address, and they show up there the next day. After waiting for quite some time, Les gets a shot of the celebrity, referring to it as "the shot heard \'round the world", although he only gets $700 for it. Les offers to take Toby\'s headshots free of charge to help him start out his dream of being an actor. Eventually, their partnership begins to wear thin after K\'harma takes Toby backstage without Les, angering the latter. The next day, at Les\' apartment, Toby gets a call from K\'harma, who invites him to her birthday party. Toby agrees on the condition that he can bring Les along, making it up to him. At the party, however, even after agreeing not to do so, Les takes pictures of K\'harma with Elvis Costello, getting him and Toby thrown out. Toby is extremely angry at Les, who feigns dropping his camera\'s memory card into a cup of coffee  and offers to print up Toby\'s headshots and show them to a few people. The next day, Toby says his stomach hurts and that he cannot go with Les. After he leaves, Toby tries to leave after him only to find that Les has locked him in. He then walks into Les\' room and gets on his computer, discovering the pictures of K\'harma and Elvis Costello on it. Feeling betrayed, Toby escapes by way of unhinging the apartment door. Later, we see Toby walking through the park, seemingly homeless again, until a couple nears him. He runs up to the man, and stabs him in the stomach. The woman tries to talk him out of killing her, but forgets her line. A bell rings, and it is revealed that the park is a film set, and Toby is the lead character. Les repeatedly tries to talk to Toby by calling Toby\'s agent until Toby finally speaks to him. Les offers to apologize over coffee, but Toby declines. Soon, Toby professes his love for K\'harma on film, which skyrockets his popularity. A jealous Les soon finds a vintage camera in his apartment, which his father gave to him. The camera is actually a hidden gun, and he resolves to murder Toby with it. At the premiere of Toby\'s latest film, he walks down the red carpet with K\'harma. Les shows up, and raises the camera, getting ready to shoot him, but then sees him kissing K\'harma, and stops. As he is trying to leave the crowd, Toby sees him and asks him to come back. They shake hands, and Les takes his picture up close. Les tells Toby to go, and Toby walks down the red carpet into the premiere. Les, although disappointed that he is still an unknown photographer, is proud of Toby\'s fame. After the credits, Les is shown on a Hollywood talk show discussing his picture of Toby, which the interviewer refers to as "the shot heard \'round the world", surprising Les greatly.'] ['Set in 1961, the film begins with scientist Dr. Paul Armstrong  and his wife Betty  driving into the mountains. Dr. Armstrong is searching for a meteorite that has fallen in the nearby woods, suspected to contain the rare element atmosphereum. Another scientist in the area, Dr. Roger Fleming ([[Brian Howe  questions Ranger Brad  about Cadavra Cave, a site rumored to contain a "Lost Skeleton." That evening, both the Armstrongs and Dr. Fleming observe another falling meteor. A short time later a farmer , encountered by the Armstrongs on their way to the cabin, is mutilated by a mysterious beast. The second meteorite is actually a spaceship carrying two aliens. Kro-Bar  and Lattis  are from the planet Marva and are now stranded on Earth, in need of the element atmosphereum to repair their powerless ship. The ship\'s pet mutant  escapes from its cage while they are distracted. The next day, Dr. Roger Fleming finds Cadavra Cave and locates the Lost Skeleton. The Skeleton commands Fleming to bring atmosphereum to return him to life. Meanwhile, Dr. Armstrong and Betty venture into the woods, discovering the meteorite just outside Cadavra Cave. Dr. Fleming overhears them and plots to steal the meteorite from the pair. Kro-Bar and Lattis also journey into the woods, locating the cabin with the meteorite. Using a device called the "transmutatron," they disguise themselves as "Earth people" and clumsily manage to talk their way into the cabin, having been mistaken for the property owners. Not long after they arrive, Dr. Fleming discovers the aliens\' transmutatron, left outside the cabin since it would ruin their disguise. He uses it to create an ally for himself, the alluring Animala , created from four different animals. After briefly teaching Animala the basics of human interaction, he leads her to the cabin and convinces the Armstrongs to invite him inside. Soon it becomes clear to Lattis and Kro-Bar  that Fleming knows their secret. They soon cooperate in stealing the meteorite, after Betty is psychically attacked by the Skeleton and Dr. Armstrong is entranced by Animala\'s dancing. The evil scientist tricks the pair, however, and the Skeleton uses his mind powers to freeze the aliens in their tracks once Dr. Fleming has the meteorite. Dr. Fleming and Animala soon use the atmosphereum to resurrect the Skeleton. Meanwhile, Betty, waiting for Dr. Armstrong to come back, encounters the Mutant, who appears to fall in love with her, but she is terrified and flees. The Skeleton, meanwhile uses his mental powers to force Lattis into becoming his bride, much to Kro-Bar\'s chagrin. The Skeleton mocks everyone, including Fleming , but keeps them in line with his telepathy. Betty, trying to escape the Mutant, runs past the makeshift wedding, causing the Mutant to bump into the Skeleton. The Skeleton tries his powers, but the Mutant is immune. They instead fight until the Skeleton is thrown over a cliff, smashing apart on impact. The mutant then succumbs to its injuries and dies. The alien and human couples spout the traditional homilies about different species working together in harmony, then go to retrieve the atmosphereum.'] ["A dark slacker comedy about a college student obsessed with Woody Allen's film Annie Hall. His world is then turned upside down by a young woman who might be the modern day equivalent of Annie Hall herself."] ['A mostly-deserted island, which is believed to be the home to the fountain of youth, is off the coast of Florida. The island gets some visitors in the form of a teenage boy band, "the Wild Ones", and their gang of swimsuit-clad young people, who head there in a crowded powerboat ostensibly for a scavenger hunt. However, they spend about half their screen time crooning to each other, or dancing on the beach. The island\'s wealthy owner, Wellington  recruits his blonde bombshell daughter, Junior , to remove the teenagers from the island. Junior is eager to see her love interest , rotund toupee-wearing botanist Irving . However, Irving is more interested in flowers and his bicycle than in the amorous Junior. Wellington asks Irving to spy on the teenagers, which he does by donning a sweatshirt that reads "Fink University", and "getting their trust" by joining them in dancing the Turtle. Meanwhile, Irving\'s twin brother Herman , Wellington\'s trusted employee, plots with his love interest, the scheming harridan Camille Salamander  to find the fountain of youth first.'] ['In a small Northern English town in 1947 the citizens endure continuing food rationing. Some local businessmen want to hold a party to celebrate the royal wedding of Princess Elizabeth to Prince Philip and illegally decide to raise a pig for that occasion. However, the pig gets stolen by Gilbert Chilvers , who was encouraged to do so by his wife Joyce . Meanwhile a food inspector is determined to stop activities circumventing the food rationing.'] ['Todd Howard , the cousin of Scott Howard, has recently been accepted into Hamilton University on a full athletic scholarship on the recommendation of Coach Bobby Finstock , who was Scott\'s basketball coach at Beacontown High. Finstock\'s hope is that Todd has the family genes to become a werewolf and turn Finstock\'s new struggling boxing team into championship contenders. Having never been much good at sports and because he is more interested in being a veterinarian Todd is certain that Coach Finstock has the wrong guy. During a meet and greet reception of school alumni, Todd has his first "wolf-out" while dancing with a seductive hostess. At first, Todd is horrified by his "family affliction", and fellow students begin to taunt him. Then, during his first boxing fight, after nearly getting knocked out, Todd has his second "wolf-out" only this time he is able to display his supernatural agility and strength and has a dramatic come from behind victory, thus earning the admiration of the students as well as the strict Dean Dunn . With his newfound fame comes girls, top grades and even the dean\'s car but as the year goes on, Todd realizes that he is losing his friends and self respect. Todd seeks out advice from his uncle, Scott\'s father, Harold Howard ([[James Hampton  and Todd is able to come to terms with his responsibilities and reconnects with his girlfriend, Nikki , who helps him regain his focus of being humble. Todd then decides that he will fight his championship match against Steve "Gus" Gustavson , who Todd had prior issues with, as himself rather than the wolf much to the dismay of all except his uncle, girlfriend and Professor Tanya Brooks . After losing round after round, and nearly getting knocked out, Todd is tempted to become the wolf until he sees his girlfriend mouth the words "I love you" to him. This gives Todd the strength to overcome Gus and knocks him out to a roaring ovation.'] ['In the town of Crescent Cove, California, Farmer Gene Green spies a comet-like object fall to the Earth. Believing it to be Haley\'s Comet he goes to find it, coming across a large circus tent-like structure he is at first amused by the sight, but he and his dog Pooh Bear are quickly killed by mysterious clown-like creatures. Meanwhile, Mike Tobacco  and his girlfriend Debbie Stone  had also seen the comet and she convinces him to follow it. Coming across the same structure, they discover a massively complex interior that looks nothing like a circus tent, and a room with cotton candy shaped cocoons. Discovering the old man and a friend\'s remains in the cocoons, they are nearly captured by the alien clowns who coat them with a popcorn gun as they escape before giving chase with a balloon-animal dog that comes to life. Narrowly escaping, Mike and Debbie travel to the police station to confide in her ex-boyfriend Dave Hanson and his skeptical, curmudgeonly partner Curtis Mooney about the killer klowns from outer space. The latter believes it to be a hoax, and so does Dave after they drop Debbie off at her home and investigate the site to find the ship missing. Coming across a group of cars on the makeout hill "Top of the World" Dave finds the place destroyed and several filled with the cotton candy-like substance and finally believes Mike. Meanwhile, the Klowns journey into town and proceed to garner a supply of townspeople, using ray guns that resemble toys to wrap them in cocoons. While their tricks seem whimsical and innocent, tricks like boxing gloves and shadow puppets to "rubber mallets" often turn deadly before the townspeople realize what is happening. Mike and Dave encounter Slim, one of the clowns, using a shadow puppet to shrink a crowd of unsuspecting people into the palm of his hand before feeding it to a bag full of baby klowns who look like popcorn, but it escapes before Mike can run him down. Mooney, convinced that the calls to the police station is the result of a hoax encounters one of the clowns and a series of pranks makes Mooney lock him up, he does not realize the threat is real however until it is too late. Dave returns to the station to find two prisoners dead, the station decorated with shoe prints, and Mooney being mimicked like a puppet with Jumbo\'s hand inserted in his back. Dave shoots Jumbo several times before destroying its nose, which causes it to spin wildly and explode. In town, Mike and his friends Rich and Paul Terenzi, who own an ice cream truck they were using to warn people with notice the town overrun by the Klowns and run to avoid capture. At her home, Debbie is attacked by creatures that grew from the popcorn she had been sprayed with, and then is captured by the Klowns when they arrive, trapping her in a giant balloon. Mike, Dave and the brothers give chase to an old abandoned amusement park where five of the movie\'s primary clowns  had already killed a security guard by plastering him with acidic pies. Journeying through a fun house leading to the ship, the Terenzi brothers become separated, meeting two female clowns who sexually harass them off-screen while Mike and Dave find their way into the ship and free Debbie from her imprisonment after witnessing one of the Klowns using a silly straw to devour one of the liquidized townspeople. They run through the maze of a ship together, encountering several strange traps and tricks along the way before reaching a main room, called "Klown Kathedral" and are surrounded by the Klowns, they are distracted when Rich and Paul arrive after escaping the female clowns in their ice cream truck and manage to trick them into stopping their attack using a fake plastic clown head to give them orders. However a viceroy and supposedly the giant leader of the Klown army, named Jojo the Klownzilla, arrives as a stringed puppet and breaks free from the strings, wanting to destroy the humans himself after the other Klowns flees from the leader, he destroys the truck with Rich and Paul still inside. Dave starts a battle with Jojo, called Klownfrontation, Dave shoots at the massive clown to distract him from Debbie and Mike\'s escape. They escape as the ship begins to coil in and spin like a top before lifting off the ground to leave earth. Inside, Dave destroys the massive clown\'s nose with his badge and as a result he explodes and the ship is destroyed with him. Having escaped to the authorities who had gathered outside the amusement park, Mike and Debbie briefly mourn their friends\' loss until the Klown\'s miniature car drops out of the sky. Dave is alive and they all embrace before Paul and Rich appear from the back of the car themselves, having hidden in the ice cream coolers to avoid the explosion.'] ['Ex-fighter pilot and taxi driver Ted Striker  became traumatized during an unnamed war, leading to his fear of flying. As a result, he is unable to hold a responsible job and his wartime girlfriend, Elaine Dickinson , now a stewardess, leaves him. To win her back, Striker overcomes his fear and boards a flight from Los Angeles to Chicago that she is serving on. During the flight, Elaine rebuffs his attempts to win her back over. After dinner is served, many of the passengers fall ill, and fellow passenger Dr. Barry Rumack  quickly realizes that the fish dinner gave some passengers food poisoning. The stewards discover that the cockpit crew, including pilot Clarence Oveur  and co-pilot Roger Murdock , have all come down with food poisoning, leaving no one aboard to fly the plane. Elaine contacts the Chicago control tower for help, and is instructed by tower supervisor Steve McCroskey  to activate the plane\'s autopilot, a large inflatable doll named "Otto Pilot", which will get them to Chicago, but will not be able to land the plane. Rumack convinces Ted to fly the plane, though Ted feels unable to handle the pressure and the unfamiliar aircraft. McCroskey knows that he must get someone else to help talk the plane down and calls Rex Kramer . Kramer was Ted\'s commanding officer in the war, and despite their dislike, would be the best choice to instruct Striker. As the plane nears Chicago, Ted becomes increasingly stressed and can only land the plane after a pep talk from Dr. Rumack. Furthermore, lightning storms strike the plane, disabling some of its engines. With Kramer\'s stream of advice, Ted is able to overcome his fears and engine troubles and safely land the plane with only minor injuries to some passengers. Ted\'s courage rekindles Elaine\'s love for him, and the two share a kiss while Otto takes off in the evacuated plane after inflating a female companion.'] ['The film is about the 300 Spartans defending the passengers against German terrorists. The Spartans defend the entryway to the cockpit of the plane in a parallel to how the Spartans in 300 defended the narrow pass of Thermopylae. In between fighting, the terrorists\' emperor Jerxes  holds audience with Leonidas while sitting on his "throne" . Jerxes criticizes Gerard Butler\'s performance as Leonidas in 300, by asking the Spartan King why he has to shout all of his dialogue, and pointing out that if he shouts less, the times when he does shout will have more dramatic impact. Leonidas responds to this by declaring that "I\'m not yelling, I\'m just passionate!" Leonidas also threatens to take the plane down, which Jerxes warns will mean that "We\'ll be forced to land in Ohio!" Leonidas responds, "Then tonight, we dine in Cleveland!" Ultimately, there is a comic pause in the fighting when air turbulence forces the plane\'s captain to put on the "wear seatbelts" sign, and the two sides glare at each other awkwardly from their seats as they wait for the turbulence to pass. At the end, Jerxes proclaims "This is madness!" and is kicked out of the plane\'s airlock. Leonidas responds, "This is United!"'] ['On the fifteenth anniversary of the original Woodsboro murders, high school students Jenny Randall and Marnie Cooper are attacked and brutally killed by a new Ghostface. The following day, Sidney Prescott returns to Woodsboro to promote her new book with her publicist Rebecca Walters. Sidney becomes a suspect in the murders after evidence is found in her rental car, and she must stay in town until the murders are solved. Her cousin, Jill, who is dealing with the betrayal of her ex-boyfriend, Trevor Sheldon, gets a threatening phone call from Ghostface, as does her friend Olivia Morris. Jill and Olivia, alongside their friend Kirby Reed, are questioned about their calls by Dewey Riley, who is now the sheriff of the town, while one of his deputies, Judy Hicks, assists him in the case. Meanwhile, Dewey\'s wife, Gale Weathers-Riley, is struggling with writer\'s block. She gives up the writing and decides to investigate the murder instead. Sidney stays with Jill\'s mother, Sidney\'s aunt Kate Roberts. Later that night, Olivia, who lives next door to Jill and Kate, is attacked and murdered by Ghostface as Jill and Kirby watch in horror. Sidney and Jill rush in to save Olivia, but they are injured in the attempt and are taken to the hospital. In the hospital\'s parking garage, Ghostface murders Sidney\'s publicist Rebecca. Gale, trying to solve the murders, enlists the help of two high school movie geeks, Charlie Walker and Robbie Mercer, who explain that the killer is using the rules of movie remakes to murder. Charlie concludes that the killer will likely strike at a party being held that night. Gale goes to the party to investigate. Ghostface injures her but flees when Dewey arrives. Dewey takes her to the hospital. At Jill\'s house, Sidney discovers that the policemen assigned to guard the house are dead. She also discovers that Jill has left the house and gone to Kirby\'s. Sidney goes down to tell Kate, but the killer appears, kills Kate, and disappears again. After Deputy Judy Hicks arrives, Sidney rushes to Kirby\'s house to save Jill on her own. Jill, Kirby, Charlie, Robbie and Trevor are at Kirby\'s house when Ghostface appears and murders a drunken Robbie. Sidney arrives at the house. Kirby is forced to answer horror movie trivia to save Charlie, who is tied up outside. Sidney goes upstairs to find Jill, promising to return to Kirby. After Kirby answers Ghostface\'s questions, she goes outside to untie Charlie, believing that she has won the game. He suddenly stabs her in the stomach and reveals himself as Ghostface, before leaving her for dead. Sidney is confronted by Charlie and a second Ghostface, who is unmasked as Jill. She explains that they want the attention Sidney got for surviving the murders, and that they intend to frame Trevor as Ghostface; she then pulls Trevor out of a closet and shot him in the head. Jill then betrays Charlie and kills him too, to pin him as Trevor\'s accomplice, making her the sole survivor. Jill stabs Sidney in the stomach and mutilates herself to make it seem as if Trevor attacked her. Later, Dewey, Judy, and the rest of the police stumble upon the carnage. Jill is then taken to the hospital. After discovering that Sidney had survived, she goes to Sidney\'s hospital room and attempts to finish her. Dewey, Gale, and Judy intervene, having been clued by a detail about Gale\'s injury that Jill somehow knew. Jill subdues Sidney\'s rescuers, which gives Sidney the chance to shoot her in the chest, killing her. Dewey calls in all police units, as media reporters outside confirm Jill as the "sole-surviving hero".'] ["When his mother informs Joseph that she's divorcing his father Joseph enters into a protracted existential crisis. Unhappy with the way society is moving, Joseph decides to attempt to turn back the flow of cynicism with a series of well-intentioned gestures and a slogan that he can put on a t-shirt. As Joseph struggles to find that slogan he quickly realizes that it is not very easy changing the world."] ['As a child, Princess Dala receives a gift from her father, the Shah of Lugash: the Pink Panther, the largest diamond in the world. This huge pink gem has an unusual flaw: looking deeply into the stone, one perceives a tiny discoloration resembling a leaping panther.  When Dala is a young woman, rebels seize power in Lugash and then demand possession of the jewel, but the exiled princess refuses to hand it over. Several years later, Dala  relaxes on holiday at an exclusive skiing resort in Cortina d\'Ampezzo. Also staying is a noted British playboy, Sir Charles Lytton , who leads a secret life as a jewel thief called "The Phantom" and has his eyes on the Pink Panther. His unwitting American playboy nephew, George , follows his uncle to the resort, also hoping to steal the jewel and blame it on the Phantom. On the Phantom\'s trail is French police inspector Jacques Clouseau  of the Sûreté, who doesn\'t know his wife Simone  is the paramour of Charles and helper in the Phantom\'s crimes. Clouseau is so clueless and clumsy that while several theft attempts are made at a fancy-dress party, he looks everywhere but the right place. Meanwhile, Simone dodges her husband while trying to avoid George, who has grown enamored of her, and aid Charles, who has grown enamored of Dala and is ambivalent about carrying out the theft. During a costume party, Sir Charles and his nephew attempt to steal the diamond, only to find the jewel already missing from the safe. In spite of himself, the buffoonish inspector discovers the two in the act, resulting in a car chase throughout the town streets. Despite all odds, Sir Charles and his accomplice George are captured when all the vehicles collide with one another. Later, Simone informs Dala that Charles wished to call off the theft, and asks her to help in his defense. Dala then reveals that it was she herself who stole the diamond to avoid deportation back to Lugash. At the trial, Charles\' and George\'s convictions seem inevitable when the defense calls as their lone witness a surprised Clouseau. The barrister asks a series of questions that suggest Clouseau himself could be the Phantom; an unnerved Clouseau pulls out his handkerchief, from which drops the jewel, promptly rendering him unconscious from shock. As Clouseau is driven away to prison, he is mobbed by a throng of enamored women. Watching from a distance, a regretful Simone expresses fears he will rot in prison; Sir Charles reassures her that when the Phantom strikes again, Clouseau will be exonerated. Sir Charles, Simone, and George drive away to continue their life of crime as Dala leaves to return to her country. Meanwhile, in the police car, the officers express their envy that Clouseau is now the object of affection of young women everywhere. As they ask him with obvious admiration how he committed so many robberies, Clouseau\'s mood gradually changes: "Well, you know . . . it wasn\'t easy."'] ['Marianne Faithfull sings "The Ballad of Lucy Jordan" over the opening credit sequence. Marilyn Jordan  is a bored, depressed American housewife, married to a rich Swedish businessman with two seemingly perfect children. She tries to "spice up" her existence by surprising the family when she eats their entire dinner, setting the bedclothes on fire and poisoning the pet dog\'s milk and then advising it not to drink . Eventually Martin, Marilyn\'s husband, decides to show her to a psychiatrist, but that only serves to further her frustration. One day, when she decides to accompany her husband on a business trip, Marilyn gets detained by security at the airport on a technicality. After missing her plane, she is befriended by a group of gypsies and is taken to a club they run, bearing the odd name of "Zanzi-Bar." There, Marilyn indulges in their fantastic, surreal world of shovel fighting, lamb roasting, striptease and free love. It all culminates with Marilyn having a passionate fling with a young man named Montenegro  who works in a zoo. After spending the night with Montenegro, Marilyn realizes that even though she adores this world, she is a stranger in it. Completely snapping upon this realization, she kills the young man and returns home. Once there, she serves her family a gourmet dinner, followed by a light dessert of fruit... that turns out to be poisoned. The final intertitle states: "The story was based on real events".'] ['On the morning after his re-election, US President Joseph Staton  decides to read the newspaper for the first time in four years. This starts him down a slippery slope. He begins reading obsessively, reexamining his "black-and-white" view of the world in a more "gray-seeming" way, and holing up in his bedroom in his pajamas. Frightened by the President\'s apparent nervous breakdown, his Chief of Staff  pushes him back into the spotlight, booking him as a guest judge on the television ratings juggernaut , the weekly talent show American Dreamz, a show similar in format to the modern-day American Idol. America cannot seem to get enough of American Dreamz, hosted by self-aggrandizing, self-loathing Martin Tweed , ever on the lookout for the next insta-celebrity. His latest crop of hopefuls includes Sally Kendoo , a conniving steel magnolia with a devoted, dopey veteran boyfriend William Williams ([[Chris Klein , and Omer Obeidi . Because Omer\'s mother died in the Middle East in an American attack, he joined a group of jihadists. He was an actor in an instruction film for terrorists, but he was too clumsy, and his interest in Western music was frowned upon. Therefore he was sent to the U.S. to await further instructions, but the leaders expected they could not use him. He moved to Southern California to live with his extended family there, including his effeminate cousin Iqbal  and Shazzy . Iqbal hoped to be selected to participate in American Dreamz, but in a misunderstanding Omer was selected instead. Iqbal becomes his manager. Omer\'s terrorist organization now sees an opportunity: Omer is instructed to make it to the finale, and kill the President in a suicide attack. He succeeds in getting to the finale. Security is bypassed by assembling the bomb after the security check, in the toilet, from small parts smuggled in. Small pieces of explosive are disguised as chewing gum. Omer agrees, but changes his mind and disposes of the bomb in the trash can. Sally is the other finalist. Earlier she dumped William. He went into the army, was wounded in Iraq, and came back to the U.S. For the purpose of the show, Sally pretends she still loves William. However, he sees Sally having sex with Martin, and is furious. After he finds the bomb in the trash can, he comes on stage and threatens to detonate it. While the other people evacuate, William starts singing and Martin, who refuses to let go of the camera, films it. As William reaches the end of the song, he detonates the bomb by walking into the camera, killing both himself and Martin. The film then cuts to shots of people dialing up their cell phones to vote in for the winner. It is eventually revealed that William Williams is the surprise winner of American Dreamz. The end of the film reveals what each of the characters went on to do after the end of last season. Omer went on to become a successful star of his own Broadway revue. At the end of the film he appears in a scene from the musical Grease. The President makes his wife his new Chief of Staff. And Sally Kendoo becomes the new host of American Dreamz.'] ['Ebenezer Blackadder , the Victorian proprietor of a "moustache shop", is the nicest man in England.Censored version  There is sometimes an edit towards the beginning of the episode, after Baldrick talks about the dog in the Nativity Play. Blackadder asks him "Weren\'t the children upset?" and Baldrick responds "Nah, they loved it. They want us to do another one at Easter. They want to see us nail up the dog." Most of this line is cut from video and most DVD releases.[http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0094754/alternateversions Alternative versions at the Internet Movie Database, URL accessed 21 December 2011 The earliest known case of this edit was on its first repeat at Christmas 1989, the same version being used for later terrestrial broadcasts at Christmas 1998, 2007, 2008 and in 2010. The line is also missing from the Ultimate Edition boxset. The line remains uncut on Gold broadcasts.'] ['The film\'s plot combines several elements from these original films. Starrbooty is in the middle of a major karate fight when she receives a phone call informing her that her adopted niece Cornisha has been kidnapped. With the help of fellow crime fighter Agent Page Turner, Starrbooty learns that her arch nemesis Annaka Manners is using her billion-dollar cosmetics company as a front for kidnapping prostitutes and selling their organs on the black market. Starbooty also discovers that Annaka is actually her long-lost sister, making Cornisha Annaka\'s daughter. Page and Starrbooty go undercover as prostitutes  and in order to be convincing enough to infiltrate Annaka\'s inner sanctum, they go "all the way" . When Starrbooty finally confronts Annaka she discovers that Cornisha was in on the plot all along, and has become Annaka\'s lover. Informing them that they are actually mother and daughter, Starrbooty reveals Annaka\'s plans to double-cross Cornisha by selling her clitoris to a wealthy socialite . A final showdown between Starrbooty and Annaka leaves Annaka dead, and they are able to salvage Cornisha\'s genitals by taking Annaka\'s . Thus everyone who deserves to lives happily ever after.'] ["Count Dracula is an old vampire who, because of his advanced age, is forced to host tours of his castle to get new victims. In an attempt to revive his long-lost love, Vampira, Dracula sets out to collect blood from the bevy of Playboy Playmates living at his castle. However, one of the Playmates whose blood is drained is black, turning the revived Vampira into a black woman. Dracula enthralls the hapless Marc to collect blood from three white women in hopes of restoring Vampira's original skin color. Dracula transfuses the blood into her but she is unchanged; however, her bite turns Dracula black. Marc and his love Angela race to destroy Dracula but are taken aback upon seeing Dracula's new skin tone. Their surprise gives the vampires time to slip away to catch a flight to Rio for Carnival."] ['Secret agent WD-40 Dick Steele  has his work cut out for him. Along with the mysterious and lovely Veronique Ukrinsky, Agent 3.14, he must rescue the kidnapped Barbara Dahl and stop the evil genius, a General named Rancor , from seizing control of the entire world. Rancor was wounded in an earlier encounter and no longer has arms. However, he can "arm" himself by attaching robotic limbs with various weapons attached. Steele is talked out of retirement by an old friend, agent Steven Bishop, and given his new assignment by The Director , who also is testing out a new variety of disguises. At headquarters, Steele encounters an old agency nemesis, Norm Coleman , and flirts with the Director\'s adoring secretary, referred to as Miss Cheevus . On the job, Steele is assisted by an agent named Kabul , who gives him rides in a never-ending variety of specially designed cars. They seek help from McLuckey , a blond child, home alone, who is very good at fending off intruders. Steele resists the temptations of a dangerous woman  he finds waiting for him in bed. But he does work very closely with Agent 3.14 , whose father, Professor Ukrinsky , is also being held captive by Rancor. Everything comes to an explosive conclusion at the General\'s remote fortress, where Steele rescues both Barbara Dahl  and Miss Cheevus and launches a literally disarmed Rancor into outer space, saving mankind.'] ['Orphaned and left in the desert as an infant, Evil Roy Slade  grew up alone—save for his teddy bear—and mean. As an adult, he is notorious for being the "meanest villain in the West"—so he\'s thrown for quite a loop when he falls for sweet schoolteacher Betsy Potter . There\'s also Nelson L. Stool , a railroad tycoon, who, along with his dimwitted nephew Clifford , is trying to get revenge on Evil Roy Slade for robbing him.'] ['Abahachi  and his blood brother Ranger  are an inseparable pair since Ranger saved Abahachi from a speeding train on an unguarded railroad crossing. When they aim to buy a pub with the monetary help of Shoshone chief Stinking Lizard through real estate agent Santa Maria , the deal  collapse, and Stinking Lizard\'s son, who has delivered the loan, is killed by Santa himself. Upon their return to their Shoshone tribe, they find themselves set up by Santa Maria and are unjustly charged with murder. Once they free themselves, they set about to recover a secret treasure kept inside a large, shoe-shaped rock called Manitou\'s Shoe , in order to reimburse Stinking Lizard. Finding the treasure map includes finding Abahachi\'s effeminate gay twin brother Winnetouch , Abahachi\'s Greek friend Dimitri , and Abahachi\'s former "hough school" honey - and Ranger\'s fledging love interest - Ursula  . Unfortunately, Santa and his right hand Hombre have overheard the blood brothers\' plans and decide to get the treasure for themselves. In their quest, Abahachi and Ranger are pursued by Stinking Lizard and his braves, but are eventually captured by Santa who retrieves the treasure, a golden necklace with a giant blue diamond. Abahachi, Winnetouch & Co. win back the necklace, only to lose it again in subsequent mishaps. Hombre, however, who has in the meantime bonded with Winnetouch, returns the embezzled gold to Stinking Lizard, ending the hostilities, and Santa ends his life in a mudtrap. Uschi, while pregnant by Ranger, urges him to set off with Abahachi, and both heroes ride into the sunset for new adventures.'] ["National Lampoon's TV: The Movie is a channel-surfing adventure through television programs and commercials. The film features parodies of many television shows, such as Fear Factor, Cops, MTV Cribs, The Six Million Dollar Man and Miami Vice. A series of over fifty sketches makes up the movie: cartoons, reality shows, fake movie trailers, fake TV show trailers, and computer animation."] ['Monty Python and the Holy Grail loosely follows the legend of King Arthur. Arthur  along with his squire, Patsy , recruits his Knights of the Round Table, including Sir Bedevere the Wise , Sir Lancelot the Brave , Sir Robin the Not-Quite-So-Brave-As-Sir-Lancelot  and Sir Galahad the Pure . On the way Arthur battles the Black Knight  who, despite having had all his limbs chopped off, insists he can still fight. They reach Camelot, but Arthur decides not to enter, as "it is a silly place". They are instructed by God  to seek out the Holy Grail. Their first stop is a French-controlled castle where they believe the Grail is being held. After being insulted in mangled Franglais, they try to sneak into the castle in a Trojan Rabbit, but this plan goes terribly wrong when they forget to hide inside it first, and the rabbit is subsequently catapulted back at them. Arthur then decides the group should separate to seek the Grail. Concurrently, in a manner of "breaking the fourth wall", a modern-day historian is describing the Arthurian legend for a television program. He is suddenly killed by a knight on horseback, triggering a police investigation. Each of the Knights encounters various perils on their quest. Arthur and Bedevere attempt to satisfy the strange requests of the dreaded Knights who say Ni. Sir Robin narrowly avoids a fight with the Three-Headed Giant by running away while the heads are arguing, causing embarrassment as the bard following him sings "Brave Sir Robin ran away". Sir Lancelot accidentally assaults a wedding party at Swamp Castle, mistakenly believing them to be holding a lady against her will, only to discover an effeminate boy. Galahad is led by a Grail-shaped beacon to Castle Anthrax, populated only by women who wish to perform sexual favours for him, but is "rescued", somewhat against his will, by Lancelot. The Knights regroup and travel to see Tim the Enchanter , who points them to caves where the location of the Grail is written on the walls. To enter the caves, the group is forced to defeat the Rabbit of Caerbannog using the Holy Hand Grenade of Antioch. They enter the cave and are attacked by the Legendary Black Beast of Aaaaarrrrrrggghhh, which devours Brother Maynard. Arthur and his Knights flee and barely escape by virtue of the beast\'s animator suffering a fatal heart attack. With their final destination known, the group travels to its last peril, the Bridge of Death, where each Knight is forced to answer three questions by the bridge-keeper  before they can cross the Gorge of Eternal Peril; Sirs Robin and Galahad fail and are thrown into a chasm below. Arthur, at his turn, accidentally tricks the bridge-keeper, who is thrown into the chasm himself. Lancelot becomes separated from Arthur and Bedevere, and is later shown being arrested by police for the murder of the historian. Arthur and Bedevere travel to the Grail castle, which turns out to be occupied by the same French forces who insulted and drove them off earlier. The Knights amass a large army and prepare to storm the castle, but just as they begin to charge, the modern police arrive on the scene. Arthur and Bedevere are arrested, and one of the officers knocks the film out of the camera, putting an abrupt end to the movie. There are no end credits, only several minutes of organ music.'] ["Dale Sweeney, the radio host of an immensely unpopular late-night talk program on the AM dial, only ever drums up listeners who are nutty, half-zonked small-town denizens who want to discuss UFO sightings on the airwaves. Just prior to the final broadcast, with the program in arm's length of cancellation, Sweeney receives a strange phone call from an individual who speaks anxiously in an unintelligible language. The next morning, two federal agents turn up to question Sweeney, demonstrating heightened interest in one of the latest UFO sightings. Dale thus concludes that the caller was in fact an extraterrestrial, lost in his small town. He decides to report on the happenings during his broadcasts  and then bandies the locals into a collective search for the alien."] ["The film opens with a parody of The Exorcist, during which teenager Megan Voorhees  becomes possessed by the spirit of Hugh Kane, the previous owner of the House. Two priests, Father McFeely  and Father Harris  attempt to drive Hugh's ghost out, but the exorcism does not go as planned, resulting in a chain of vomiting and various instances of near-pedophilia. Finally, McFeely responds to an insult towards his mother by shooting Megan. One year later, Cindy Campbell , Brenda Meeks , Ray Wilkins , and Shorty Meeks  are at college, trying to live new lives following the events of the previous film . Cindy and Brenda get tagged by a socially maladjusted girl, Alex . Ray, still confused about his sexuality, has two new male friends, Tommy  and Buddy . Shorty is still the same stoner he was before. A lecherous teacher, Professor Oldman  and his paraplegic assistant, Dwight Hartman , plan to study the paranormal activity at a local haunted mansion called Hell House using the clueless teens. Meanwhile, Buddy's advances are spurned by Cindy, who is recovering from her previous relationship. Leading to a scene in which Buddy gives Cindy a wedgie. When Cindy is the first to arrive at Hell House, she encounters a vulgar parrot , and the caretaker, Hanson , who has a malformed hand. Before coming to Hell House, she was in her car listening to Vitamin C's Graduation  and she sings along. Annoyed by Cindy's terrible singing, Vitamin C's voice curses at her and tells her to let her sing. Cindy shuts up and Vitamin C continues singing. Later that evening, the group, including sexy newcomer Theo , sit down for dinner. Unfortunately, everybody loses their appetite due to Hanson's repulsive antics. In the night, Cindy hears voices directing her to a secret room, where she and Buddy discover a treasure chest containing the diary of the wife of the house's dead owner, Hugh Kane. They also find an old portrait of the wife and note Cindy's resemblance to her—Buddy also points out several flaws in Cindy's appearance. Meanwhile, many of the teens fall victim to violent attacks. Cindy gets involved in a fist fight with the house cat, Mr. Kittles. A toy clown attempts to kill Ray — but thanks to some quick thinking, Ray perversely turns the tables and rapes the clown. A weed-monster turns Shorty into a joint and tries to smoke him — fortunately, the plant gets distracted by munchies and lets him escape. The ghost of Hugh Kane  has sex with Alex in her bedroom, yet departs in the morning when Alex expresses her interest in becoming the new Mrs. Kane. Oldman is seduced and killed the disfigured ghost of the murdered mistress. Shorty later encounters the same ghost, yet he seduces her instead. After Dwight equips the teens with weapons that can injure their spectral enemy, they are pursued throughout the mansion. Buddy and Cindy get locked in the refrigerator. Thinking that Buddy is dying from an encounter with the ghost, Cindy gives him a handjob. The couple then escape the room following a convoluted deus ex machina, in which Cindy uses a collection of random objects in the room to somehow produce a Caterpillar tractor, which she drives through the wall. Hanson himself gets possessed by Kane. Cindy, Brenda, and Theo team up to fight him in a parody of Charlie's Angels, but wind up defeated. Eventually, Dwight and the teens regroup, and agree to use Cindy as bait to lure Kane into a device that will destroy him. The plan succeeds, freeing the group from the house's curse. Two months later, Cindy and Buddy are in a relationship and go out for a walk. However, Buddy disappears without notice when Cindy discovers Hanson at the hot dog stand. As Cindy backs away in fear, Hanson pursues her — and gets struck by a car driven by Shorty, distracted by a blowjob from the ghost of the mistress."] ["The story follows a group of interns and nurses working at St. Albert's, the worst teaching hospital in Canada, as they try to deal with work and relationship stress. Run by administrator Dr. Cyrill Kipp, the hospital only manages to stay open because Kipp sells the hospital's equipment on the black market. During on-the-job training taught by Dr. Olson, interns brave blood, vomit and exploding colostomy bags. The students include Mike Bonnert, whose parents are physicians, Mitzi Cole, who works as a stripper to pay her way through school, and the innocent Christine who loses her inhibitions when intoxicated. Mike discovers that his girlfriend, Mitzi, became sexually active with another intern. They begin to fight in the morgue, using human organs as weapons. They are caught and expelled from St. Albert's. But when a 76-car pile up occurs, they return to ER to help the patients. One patient, who was saved in an emergency surgery, was a billionaire, and saves the hospital from going bankrupt."] ['Frank \'Rhino\' Rhinoslavsky  is a dumb part-time cab driver in New York who wants to break into film business. He doesn\'t have anything to offer, and just thinks that he can start at the top, as a writer. Opportunity knocks on Frank\'s door when he goes to the Cannes Film Festival in Cannes, France to deliver some props to Troma, Inc. So, he meets Sy Lerner , perhaps a bigger loser in movie business and as each person interviewed in this mockumentary, he has made a fool out of a lot of industry executives and cost them plenty of money. Lerner makes a bet with his friend that he can take any shmoe off the street and turn them into the biggest success around. And Frank is his shmoe. \'Rhino\' is going to create the same success by letting others do all the work. Sy Lerner takes on Frank as his pet project. He shows Frank how to dress and behave, tells him how to respond when being interviewed such as never saying too much, and always being ambiguous. Then Sy Lerner comes up with the vehicle for Frank\'s reputation, by naming him the writer of a new movie. Only the movie doesn\'t exist and Frank isn\'t a writer. And, even knowing Lerner\'s reputation, people buy into the garbage. And now, everyone wants a piece of that action. Lerner and Frank  have everyone knocking down their door, popular directors, big name producers, and famous actors . Interviews, press opportunities, everything: Frank is the "Cannes Man," and he didn\'t have to do much to get it. So, they are at the Cannes Film Festival. It\'s where deals get made, producers get laid, and stars get paid. It\'s where all the movie industry meets to buy and sell all the movies on the planet. And it\'s where the art of the deal can be filled with more laughs than the deal itself.'] ['The story opens in a village where male infanticide is predominant, and all male babies are required to be killed immediately after birth. One such baby is headed for such a fate, until he "speaks" to his caretaker-grandmother  and asks to be sent to Chennai on a goods train, where he plans to grow into a hero. The old woman complies, and takes the baby to Chennai and raises him herself, living in the city\'s poorer section. On growing into manhood, Shiva ([[Shiva  gains a reputation by beating up extortionists and saving a rape victim; soon he is glorified as a mass hero. He manages to defeat gangster Devaraj with a clever exchange of puns and a costumed associate. He spends his time hanging out, drinking and playing carrom with his gang of friends, composed of Nakul , Bharath  and Siddarth . Shiva runs into a headstrong girl named Priya  whom he falls in love with. After learning of her hatred for men, he realizes that she has dedicated her life to classical dance, and learns Bharathanatyam over the course of a night; and performs an exaggerated dance sequence for her. She reciprocates his feelings, and the two start a relationship. Shiva is then challenged by Priya\'s rich and powerful father Kodeeswaran, who refuses to give his daughter to a poor man. Shiva swears to become a billionaire, and promptly does- during the course of a 2.50 minute song. Kodeeswaran accepts Shiva as a suitor, and fixes his engagement to Priya. During the ceremony, Shiva hears a passing comment that he does not know his own father. Offended, he travels to his birthplace Cinemapatti village, accompanied by Bharath, to learn his roots. After encountering a host of Tamil-cinema stereotypes of several decades ago, he succeeds in uniting with his family when a woman  leads him to his father, mother and sister. He finds them when they sing their "family song" . All the while, Shiva has been targeting and killing several criminals in secret- he kills female gangster Swarna  by making her slip over a banana peel; makes another big-time crook laugh to death ; tortures a drug dealer to suicide by continuous failed attempts on his life (inspired by [[Apoorva Sagodharargal ; and kills his final victim with the bad odor of his sock. The police discover that he is the killer, and it is revealed that Shiva is actually an undercover officer and was killing the lawbreakers under direct orders from not only the Commissioner, but also from the President of the United States. The ganglord who commandeered the slain criminals, a mysterious person simply called "D", organizes the kidnapping of Priya, and has Shiva beaten up. Shiva recovers, saves his beloved by fighting off thugs using exaggerated stunts, and comes face to face with "D", revealed to be his grandmother. She explains that she did it to increase the fame of her grandson, and a heartbroken Shiva is forced to arrest her. At the trial, Shiva accidentally kills an assassin who targets his grandmother, and is put on trial himself. He is saved, however, when a man who had helped him in Cinemapatti earlier testifies that Shiva was a victim of circumstance. Both Shiva and "D" are pardoned, and Shiva who has been promoted to DGP, unites happily with Priya, his family and friends.'] ['Joanna Eberhart  is a successful reality television executive producer. She is fired after her latest project, a show where spouses choose between each other or prostitutes, called "I Can Do Better", results in one of the jilted men going on a shooting spree, and she has a nervous breakdown. With her husband Walter  and their two children, they move from Manhattan to Stepford, a quiet Connecticut suburb. Joanna becomes friends with Bobbie Markowitz , a writer and recovering alcoholic, and Roger Bannister , a flamboyant gay man who has moved to town with his longtime partner, Jerry . Joanna, Bobbie and Roger witness an incident in which Sarah Sunderson , violently dances and then collapses. A man named Mike  arrives and directs all men to crowd around Sarah so that no one can see what\'s going on, although Joanna sees Mike touch Sarah and she puts off sparks. After Sarah is carried away, Claire , the town\'s leading lady, announces to Joanna that Mike essentially runs Stepford and says that she\'s his wife. Joanna argues with Walter about the incident with Sarah until Walter loses his temper and yells at her. He tells her that her children barely know her, that their marriage is falling apart, and that she\'s so domineering people want to kill her. Realizing how unhappy she is, Joanna apologizes and agrees to try and fit in with the other wives. The next day, as she cleans the house and tries wearing more makeup, she talks with Bobbie and Roger, and they decide to visit Sarah. Entering the house, they hear Sarah having loud, passionate sex with her husband. It sounds as though she is about to reach orgasm. Roger starts tiptoeing up the stairs to have a peek, and the two follow until they hear someone suddenly walking out of the room. They quickly return down the stairs to hide, and they find a remote control labeled SARAH. While playing with it, they inadvertently cause Sarah\'s breasts to enlarge before she falls on the staircase behind them. Frightened, they retreat to Bobbie\'s house, where Joanna suggests that they seriously try to live in Stepford. During this time, the Stepford women appear extremely vapid and shallow; in the Stepford book club, their story is a catalogue of Christmas and Chanukah collectibles and decoration tips. Meanwhile, Walter has been bonding with the Stepford Men\'s Association. When he wins $20 in a game from Ted, one of the Stepford Husbands, Ted summons his wife and puts a credit card in her mouth. She spits out $20 in one-dollar bills, revealing that she is a robot like the other women. One evening, Walter and Mr. Markowitz go to the Men\'s Association with Roger and Jerry, but Joanna and Bobbie hire a babysitter and follow them. Sneaking around the Men\'s Association, they find a long line of family portraits. They make a noise and Roger is sent out to see what\'s going on. Although he does not reveal their presence to the other men, he tells Joanna and Bobbie that nothing illegal is going on there, and Joanna and Bobbie leave. Roger is directed through a door and he finds himself on a balcony overlooking the main hall. Looking down, he sees something puzzling, turns to the camera and softly utters "Jerry?" The next day, he is completely transformed, running for state senate as a conservative gay Republican. Terrified, Joanna tells Walter that she wants to move. Walter apologizes, saying that if she\'s so miserable, they can leave tomorrow. She thanks him. That night, she is awakened by their robotic dog bringing her a bone. She is horrified to find that it\'s actually a remote control, like Sarah\'s but labeled JOANNA. She goes online to research the women of Stepford and learns that the women used to be scientists, engineers and judges. The next morning she runs to see Bobbie, only to find that Bobbie, too, has become fawning and stupid. Joanna realizes that Bobbie isn\'t human anymore when Bobbie fails to react to the open flame of a lit stove. Joanna tries to flee but finds that her children have been taken hostage by the men. She storms into the Men\'s Club demanding that the men return her children, but the men, who have been lying in wait for her, capture her. The men explain that when their wives were scientists and engineers, their wives reduced them to low-level support roles. Enraged, the men implanted microchips into their wives\' brains and then transplanted their minds into cloned bodies, which became the men\'s patient, subservient and impossibly beautiful robot mistresses. As Mike reveals Joanna\'s new body, Walter voices his frustration at being second best to her. The men corner Joanna and Walter and force them toward the transformation room, but before Joanna enters, she makes a final appeal by asking whether the new wives really mean it when they tell their husbands that they love them. Later, Joanna appears at the grocery store, calmly purchasing groceries alongside the other wives. With Joanna and Walter as the guests of honor, Stepford hosts a formal ball. During the festivities, Joanna distracts Mike and entices him into the garden while Walter slips away. Walter returns to the transformation room where he destroys the software that makes the women obedient. This, in turn, burns out all the implanted microchips, causing all the Stepford Wives to revert to their original personalities. Walter returns to the ball, where the baffled husbands are cornered by their vengeful wives. Walter reveals that Joanna never received the microchip implant: Her argument during the struggle had won him over, and out of his love for and loyalty to the human being whom he married, he joined in her plan to infiltrate Stepford by pretending to be a robot. Mike threatens Walter, but before Mike can attack, Joanna hits Mike with a candlestick, decapitating him and revealing that he himself is a robot. It is revealed that his wife, Claire, is a real woman, not a Stepford Wife as implied earlier. Distraught over the loss of her husband, Claire explains that she created Stepford because she, too, was a bitter, career-minded woman, a tired brain surgeon. When she discovered that Mike was having an affair, she murdered Mike and his lover in a jealous rage. Deciding to make the world \'more beautiful\', she created her robot husband, partly because he was someone other men would listen to. When Joanna wonders aloud why Claire didn\'t simply make the men into robots, she replies that she planned to turn the whole community into robots. Claire then electrocutes herself by kissing Mike\'s severed robotic head. Six months later Larry King is interviewing Joanna, Bobbie, and Roger. After their experiences in Stepford, they have all met with success; Joanna made a documentary, Bobbie wrote a book of poetry, and Roger won his state senate seat as an Independent. Joanna also notes that while her and Walter\'s relationship isn\'t perfect, it is still real, and that is what is important. The closing scene of the film reveals that the irate wives have taken over Stepford and forced their husbands to atone for their crimes by placing them under house arrest, making them complete many of the same domestic tasks that they had forced the women to do.'] ['In the near future, violence has become something of a national sport and television news has fallen to tabloid depths. Patrick Hale , a globe-trotting reporter with access to a staggering array of world leaders, has ventured to the Arab country of Hegreb to interview his old acquaintance, King Ibn Awad . Awad has learned that the President of the United States  may have issued orders for his removal; as a result, Awad is apparently making arrangements to deliver two suitcase nukes to a terrorist, with the intention of detonating them in Israel and the United States, unless the President resigns. In the intricate plot that unfolds, nothing is quite the way it seems, and Hale finds himself caught between political leaders, revolutionaries, CIA agents and other figures, trying to get to the bottom of it all.'] ['  Young filmmaker Stevie Horowitz  eagerly awaits a meeting with big shot Hollywood film producer J.P. Shelldrake . Shelldrake has been desperately searching for a way to avoid problems with the IRS and unpaid millions owed them in back taxes. His brilliant yet overpaid accountant  devises a scheme to allow the producer to write off the expenses of his next movie release, but only if the film is a box office flop. Armed with his foolproof plan, Shelldrake agrees to meet with Stevie and screen his film "Lobster Man From Mars" . The plot resembles the premise of the 1937 film New Faces and the later version The Producers by Mel Brooks. Inside Shelldrake\'s private screening room the "film within the film" begins. They watch the weird plot unfold: Mars suffers from a severe air leakage. The King of Mars  commands the dreaded Lobster Man and his assistant Mombo  to pilot his flying saucer to Earth then steal its air. Once landed, the Lobster Man wastes no time transforming hapless victims into smoking skeletons. On a lonely road, John and Mary, a young and innocent couple  discovers the hiding place of the flying saucer in a dark and mysterious cave. They attempt to warn the authorities but are ignored. Successfully contacting Professor Plocostomos , a plan is created to lure the Lobster Man to Mr. Throckmorton\'s  Haunted House that just happens to be surrounded by boiling hot springs. Once lured, it\'s simply a matter of pushing the Lobster Man into the hot water where he will be boiled to death. The plan is interrupted by Colonel Ankrum  and his troops. The house is shelled and destroyed, the Lobster Man flees to his cave, taking Mary with him. She manages to escape, but the Lobster Man follows. A wild chase ensues, but Professor Plocostomos uses the hot engine coolant from his overheated vehicle to drench Mombo causing his foamy demise. The chase concludes in Yellowstone Park where the dreaded Lobster Man is tricked into walking into the Old Faithful Geyser and a steamy end. The screening is over. Shelldrake cannot believe his good fortune to witness such a bad movie with potential to lose every cent invested in its distribution and promotion. He buys the production on the spot, but once in release it becomes a big hit and makes a huge profit sending Shelldrake straight to tax prison, with Stevie taking his place as the studio\'s new boy wonder.'] ['Eric is happily serving espresso in his London coffee bar when a strange-looking man  tries to persuade him to remember a tune as a clue to some evil plot. Unfortunately, Eric is tone-deaf. Ernie Sage  enters the coffee bar and Eric tries to get him to identify the tune, without much success. Eventually Sage realises that this could be something to do with a forthcoming visit by a Russian trade delegation and an assassination attempt by an organisation known as "Schlecht"this is German for "bad", or "evil", although there is little evidence of German involvement to sabotage this mission. He reports this to his superiors in Military Intelligence , and they reluctantly agree that only Eric, having heard the tune, will be able to lead them to the centre of the plot. Eric is persuaded to pose as a British agent – the recently deceased Major Cavendish – who had managed to infiltrate Schlecht. After a few set-piece comedy interludes, the tune is identified and the plot switches to a performance of Swan Lake, the projected venue for the assassination. This section provides some of the funniest moments of the film- for example Eric, masquerading as a Russian, adopts a broad Scottish highland accent; during the ballet performance itself, Eric and Ernie, dressed in Egyptian costumes, get mixed up in the "Dance of the Little Swans". Finally, however, the villain is unmasked and all is well. Eric returns happily to his coffee bar.'] ['When Batman  and Robin  get a tip that Commodore Schmidlapp (the final role of actor [[Reginald Denny  is in danger aboard his yacht, they launch a rescue mission using the Batcopter. After a tangle with an exploding shark which seizes Batman\'s leg but is repelled by Shark Repellent Bat-Spray after the Yacht disappears, Batman and Robin head back to Commissioner Gordon\'s office where, through deduction and wisdom, they figure out that the tip was a set-up by The United Underworld, a gathering of four of the most powerful villains in Gotham City , who plan to defeat The Dynamic Duo once and for all, and take over the entire world. The United Underworld equip themselves with a dehydrator that can turn humans into dust , a World War II "Pre-Atomic" Submarine made to resemble a penguin, and their three pirate henchmen , and Batman and Robin must stop them. It is revealed the ship was really a projection. When The Dynamic Duo return to the buoy via The Batboat with the projector on it, they are trapped on it by a magnet and torpedoes are launched at them, but they escape using a radio-detonator to destroy two of the missiles, and a porpoise is hit by the last one. Catwoman, disguised as the Soviet journalist "Miss KITKA" , lures Bruce Wayne into a trap as part of a plot to destroy Batman, little suspecting that Wayne is Batman\'s alter-ego. And Penguin, disguised as the Commodore even schemes his way into the Batcave along with five dehydrated henchmen; this plan fails when the henchmen unexpectedly disappear into Antimatter when Penguin mistakenly rehydrates them with heavy water contaminated with radioactive waste, regularly used to recharge the Batcave\'s atomic pile. Ultimately the Duo are unable to prevent the kidnapping of the dehydrated United World Organization\'s Security Council. After giving chase in the Batboat, the Caped Crusader and Boy Wonder use a sonic charge weapon called "Bat-Charges" to disable Penguin\'s submarine and bring it to the surface, where a grand fist fight ensues. Although Batman and Robin win the fight, Batman is heartbroken to find out that his "true love" Miss Kitka is actually Catwoman when she trips and her mask falls off. Although Commodore Schmidlapp sneezes on and scatters the powdered members of the dehydrated Council, mixing them together &ndash; which would normally spell their doom &ndash; Batman constructs an elaborate filter to separate the mingled dust. Robin poses the question whether it might not be in the world\'s best interests for them to alter the dust samples so that humans can no longer harm one another. In response, Batman says that they cannot do so—in reminder of the fate of Penguin\'s five henchmen\'s tainted rehydration—and can only hope for people, in general, to learn to live together peacefully on their own. However, in the final scene, Robin\'s wishes are ironically fulfilled when the Security Council is improperly re-hydrated. All of the members are alive and well, continuing to squabble among themselves and totally oblivious of their surroundings. But each of them now speaks the language - and displays the stereotypical mannerisms - of a nation other than their own. As the world looks on in disbelief at this development, Batman and Robin quietly climb out of the United World Headquarters to an uncertain future. Batman\'s final words express his sincere hope that this "mixing of minds" does more good than it does harm. The Fins shows "The Living{?} End"'] ['After learning about the "Hip Hop Witch", a powerful supernatural being that lurks in the ghettos and attacks upcoming rappers which makes their record sales go up, five suburban teenagers go on a quest to get their rap careers started by being attacked by said witch. Filming their experience, they run into past hip hop stars that have already battled the Witch in person.'] ['The film begins with a reenactment of the gruesome events of cannibalism as described by the prosecuting attorney during Alferd Packer\'s trial in 1883. Packer insists that things happened differently than what has been recounted, and begins to tell his story to journalist Polly Pry  through flashback. In 1873, a group of miners in Provo, Utah hear of new gold discoveries in Breckenridge and decide to travel to Colorado Territory to stake a claim. After the original guide, Lucky Larry, dies from a lightning strike, Packer is nominated as the replacement since he claimed knowledge of the area. He and his trusty horse, Liane, set off with five miners, Shannon Wilson Bell , James Humphrey , Frank Miller , George Noon , and Israel Swan , on what Packer estimates will be a three-week journey. Four weeks later, they become convinced they are lost. At a nearby frontier post, they run into a group of three fur trappers, Loutzenheiser , Nutter , and their diminutive leader, Frenchy Cabazon . The trappers despise the miners, “diggers” as they call them, yet seem to like Packer’s horse. They tell the group they are heading towards Saguache. The next day, Packer wakes up to discover his horse and friend, Liane, is missing. The men press on and cross the Green River near the Utah border. The group asks Packer if there are any other big rivers that they will have to cross to which he replies, “Oh no, just the Colorado River.” Eventually, the Packer party is spotted by two “Nihonjin” Indians . They are taken back to the tribe where they learn the trappers are waiting for the winter storm to pass as recommended by the chief . The story returns to the present time, where Polly continues her research of Packer’s story by herself. The next day, Packer is sentenced to death by hanging. Polly visits Packer once again in prison, where he continues his story, and she reveals her growing affection for him through song. The men set out in the wilderness after Packer learns the trappers have already left. The group begins to suspect that Packer is really only interested in following the trappers to find his horse. They soldier on until they encounter the foreboding Cyclops  who recalls how a Union soldier shot out his eye in the Civil War. He realizes Packer\'s men are not “Southern boys” after they can not finish the lyrics to "Dixie". They escape and the badly frostbitten Swan tries to cheer everybody up with a song about building a snowman. They soon run out of food, resorting to eating their shoes as they become lost in the snow covered Rocky Mountains. Out of frustration, Bell shoots Swan in the head because he does not appreciate his  Pollyanna-esque perspective on their predicament. The men discuss their dire situation that night over the fire, speaking of the cannibalism that the Donner Party had to resort to in California. They decide to consume the body of their dead companion, but “not the butt”. Only Bell refuses. A few more days leads to talk of sacrificing one of their own. Packer convinces them for one more chance for a scouting trip, but when he returns, Bell has killed the others, claiming they planned to kill and eat him after Packer left. Packer is forced to kill Bell after threatening to turn him in, realizing he has gone insane. Arriving in Saguache sometime later, Packer finds Liane, who has taken to Frenchy Cabazon. The sheriff of Saguache eventually finds and arrests Packer for cannibalism during a bar-fight between him and the trappers. On the day of Packer\'s execution he is saved at the gallows by the effort of Liane and Polly. They had gotten a stay of execution from the governor which states that Packer could not be convicted of a state crime since Colorado was not a state at the time of the incident. Cabazon tries to trigger the gallows, since the townsfolk came to see bloodshed. The Indian chief saves Packer by cutting his rope with a katana before beheading Cabazon, satisfying the crowd\'s bloodlust. Polly and Packer kiss only to be frightened by a still-alive Bell.'] ['{{plot}} In Autumn 1951, the 4077th Mobile Army Surgical Hospital is assigned two replacements: Captain "Hawkeye" Pierce  and Captain "Duke" Forrest . On their arrival, it becomes clear that they are rebellious, womanizing, mischievous rule-breakers , but they soon prove good at their jobs. They immediately clash with their new tent mate Major Frank Burns , who is both a religious man and an inferior surgeon. Hawkeye and Duke put pressure on Lt. Colonel Henry Blake , the unit\'s CO, to have Burns removed from "their" tent. At the same time, they ask him to apply to have a specialist thoracic surgeon assigned to the 4077th. The mysterious new thoracic surgeon arrives, and gives away little about who he is or where he\'s from. Hawkeye, though, is convinced he has seen the new man somewhere before. It is only after an impromptu football game that Hawkeye recalls a college football game he played in which he scored the only touchdown by intercepting a pass from the opposing team\'s  quarterback, the new thoracic surgeon, Captain "Trapper" John McIntyre . Major Margaret Houlihan , the newly assigned chief nurse of the camp, arrives to be greeted by Henry Blake . At the same time, in the post-op ward Trapper sees Frank Burns unjustly blaming Private Boone, an orderly, for a patient\'s death. During Houlihan\'s tour of the camp, Trapper confronts Burns and punches him. While Henry is away visiting General Hammond at the 325th Evac Hospital, the camp, led by Trapper, lets loose. Burns and Houlihan are appalled and write a report on the unmilitary goings-on. In the process, they give in to their own repressed passions and engage in a sexual encounter. But their tryst is broadcast over the PA system, and everyone hears Houlihan telling Burns to "Kiss my hot lips!" – earning her the nickname "Hot Lips". The following day, Hawkeye quietly taunts Burns about the encounter, goading Burns to attack him. Burns is then sedated, restrained and shipped back stateside. Father Mulcahy, also called "Dago Red" ([[René Auberjonois , the camp\'s chaplain, tells Hawkeye that "Painless Pole" Waldowski , the unit\'s dentist, has consulted him about a problem. Though Mulcahy feels unable to divulge any details (Waldowski had come to him in [[Confession , he makes clear the severity of the problem. Waldowski tells Hawkeye that he has suffered a "lack of performance" with a visiting nurse and now believes he has latent homosexual tendencies. Soon after, he reveals his desire to commit suicide and seeks advice on which method to use. Hawkeye, Trapper and Duke suggest that he use the "black capsule" . At an impromptu Last Supper, Painless takes the capsule  and falls asleep in a coffin to the strains of "Suicide is Painless". Hawkeye then persuades Lt. Maria "Dish" Schneider , a nurse who is returning to the U.S. the following day, to spend the night with Painless and cure him of his problems. During a discussion, Duke announces that he is partial to blondes, to which Hawkeye responds by claiming his friend has a thing for Hot Lips. Duke counters by suggesting she isn\'t even a natural blonde and bets $20 with Hawkeye to find out. Together, the boys come up with a scheme: when the nurses are going to use the showers, all are waylaid except Hot Lips. Then, on cue, the flap covering the shower tent is lifted to expose Hot Lips, naked, to the camp, plunging her into complete and total humiliation. Duke then tells Hawkeye that Hawkeye owes him $20 . In hysterics, Hot Lips storms off to Colonel Blake and screams at him that the camp is an insane asylum and that it\'s his fault for letting the doctors get away with practically anything. She threatens to resign her commission if Blake doesn\'t turn Duke and Hawkeye over to the MPs. Blake, who is listening to Houlihan\'s diatribe while lying in bed with nurse Leslie , finally tells Houlihan, "Well goddamn it, Hot Lips, resign your goddamn commission". Houlihan dejectedly turns and leaves, sobbing "My commission, my commission." Ho-Jon , a local teenager who works in the camp, is drafted into the South Korean army. Hawkeye drives him to the induction center in Seoul for his physical, where he is found to have high blood pressure and a rapid heartbeat. The examining doctor refuses to disqualify Ho-Jon, insinuating that Hawkeye may have given Ho-Jon some medicine to induce these symptoms and keep him from being conscripted. Hawkeye reluctantly has to let him go. Back in camp, Trapper is ordered to proceed to Kokura, Japan, to operate on the GI son of a U.S. Congressman who has been injured in training. Seeing an opportunity to play golf, he takes Hawkeye to assist. The two barge into the hospital and order the young man into surgery within the hour. With Hawkeye\'s old friend "Me Lay" Marston ([[Michael Murphy  as the anaesthetist, they quickly finish the surgery; but on the way out of the hospital, they are cornered by the MPs and escorted to the hospital\'s commander, Col. Wallace Merrill. Reminding him that "the Pros from Dover" have bailed him out of a potential situation with the Congressman\'s son, any threats that Merrill could make are effectively nullified. While recuperating at the Dr. Yamachi\'s New Era Hospital and Whorehouse where Me Lay moonlights as a doctor, Hawkeye and Trapper come across a Japanese-American baby with a serious medical problem. Taking advantage of their status as "the Pros from Dover", they go to the military hospital to operate, but are stopped by Merrill. However, the three anesthetize him and then blackmail him by taking nude pictures of him in bed with one of the prostitutes. On their return from Japan, Hawkeye and Trapper immediately go into surgery for several hours. Done with the surgery and eager to get some sleep, they head back to their tent only to find that Duke has locked it up. They then observe him sneaking Hot Lips out, making it clear that Duke was not as averse to the chief nurse as he claimed. On a visit to the 4077th, General Hammond shares a drink with Hawkeye, Trapper and Duke and suggests that their two units play a "friendly" football game, with some money thrown into a pot to make bets . Seeing an opportunity to make some money, Hawkeye comes up with a plan. First, they get Henry to apply for a specific neurosurgeon: Dr. Oliver Harmon "Spearchucker" Jones , a former professional football player for the San Francisco 49ers. Then, Hawkeye\'s plan calls for them to bet half their money up front and keep the ringer  out of the first half of the game. Once the other team has racked up some easy points and become confident enough to offer good odds to bet the rest of the money, the 4077th brings in Jones for the second half. The game goes down to the last play, described as "center-eligible", which calls for the ball to be returned from the quarterback  to the center , who then hides the ball under his jersey. While everyone chases the phantom ball, Vollmer runs unobserved to score a touchdown, winning the game and the bets for the 4077th. Not long after the football game, Hawkeye and Duke get their discharge orders and begin their journey home - in the same Jeep they arrived in, while the PA Announcer reads the credits.'] ['EDtv starts off with the television channel True TV commencing interviews for a TV show that shows a normal person\'s life 24/7. This idea was thought up by a TV producer named Cynthia . They interview Ed Pekurny  and his brother, Ray . When the producers see the interview Cynthia decides to use Ed and interviews only Ed. So now they start airing the show, which they call Ed TV. The show is a total failure at first, as only boring things happen and the main producers want to pull the plug, except for Cynthia. However, Ed TV suddenly gets interesting on Day 3 when Ed visits Ray. Ed  discovers that Ray is cheating on his girlfriend Shari . Ed then visits Shari to apologize to her for Ray\'s actions. Shari is very drunk and starts insulting Ray, by talking to the camera. She makes everyone laugh and gasp by saying "Ray was a bad lay." Ed tries to comfort Shari, and he reveals he has feelings for her. She then reveals she has feelings for Ed as well. They slowly move their faces closer and finally kiss each other. Ed then locks out the camera crew and proceeds to passionately kiss Shari for a while. Ed TV suddenly becomes extremely popular. Ed then goes on The Tonight Show with Jay Leno and meets beautiful model/actress Jill  who takes a liking to Ed. Ed then visits Shari and she tells Ed that she does not want to be with him until the Show stops airing. She then leaves town. Ed goes to the park with Ray and some friends to play football when Jill comes to talk to him, because Cynthia brought her in to earn more ratings. She invites Ed to dinner at her house. When he arrives at Jill\'s house, there is a massive crowd. They have a small talk, and then they kiss on top of a table. They are about to have sex, but then Ed falls off the table and squishes Jill\'s cat. Ed never sees Jill again. Ed\'s father , who abandoned his family when Ed was 13, unexpectedly visits Ed and informs him that he left because Ed\'s mother was having an affair with Ed\'s current stepfather, Al . Ed is furious with his mother and argues with her. Next, Ed gets a phone call telling him to come to the hospital. The doctor says that his father is dead and that he died making love to his wife. Ed thinks this means Al, but it actually is his real father and that Ed\'s mother was cheating on Al. After the funeral, Ed becomes disheartened by the fact that the producers want him to stay on longer and that he cannot do anything to change their minds or he would be in breach of his contract. Ed is depressed until he catches a glimpse of Shari . He chases her for a long time until she stops in the women\'s bathroom in a movie theater. She says she is staying with her brother as it is his birthday and she just wanted to see Ed. But she does not want to be with him until the show stops. When Ed exits, one camera man stays with Shari saying that it is the producers\' new idea. The main camera man tells him that all his family are being filmed, but they show the most interesting person. Ed gets an idea on how to stop the main producer from showing the show: he says that he will give $10,000 to the person who can give him the best amount of "dirt" on the producers and that he will announce it live, with the desired result being they stop airing the show before he can make the announcement. As Cynthia feels sorry for Ed, she tells him a secret of the main producer. Ed announces the secret  but before he can announce who it is they stop airing the show.'] ['Sir Guy Grand , an eccentric billionaire, together with his newly adopted heir , Youngman Grand , start playing elaborate practical jokes on people. A big spender, Grand does not mind handing out large sums of money to various people, bribing them to fulfill his whims, or shocking them by bringing down what they hold dear. Their misadventures are designed as a display of father Grand to his adoptive charge that \'everyone has their price\' - it just depends on the amount one is prepared to pay. They start from rather minor spoofs, like bribing a traffic warden  to take back a parking ticket and eat it  and proceed with increasingly elaborate stunts involving higher social strata and wider audiences. As a father-son conversation reveals, Grand sees his plots as \'educational\' . At Sotheby\'s art auction house, it is proudly claimed that an original Rembrandt portrait might fetch £10,000, yet to the astonishment of director Mr. Dugdale , Grand makes a final offer of £30,000 for it  and having bought it, proceeds, in front of a deeply shocked Dugdale, to cut with his scissors the portrait\'s nose from the canvas. In a classy restaurant he makes a loud show of wild gluttony, Grand being the restaurant\'s most prominent customer. In the annual Boat Race sports event, he bribes the Oxford team  and makes them purposely ram the Cambridge boat, to win a screamingly unjust victory. In a traditional pheasant hunt, he uses an anti-aircraft gun to down the bird. Guy and Youngman eventually buy tickets for the luxury liner The Magic Christian, along with the richest strata of society. In the beginning everything appears normal and the ship apparently sets off. Yet soon, things start going wrong. A solitary drinker at the bar  is approached by a transvestite cabaret singer , a vampire  poses as a waiter, and a cinema film turns out to feature the unfortunately unsuccessful transplant of a black person\'s head onto a white body. Eventually passengers start noticing, through the ship\'s CCTV, that their Captain  is in a drunken stupor and finally gets carted off by a gorilla. In a crescendo of panic, the guests try to find their way to abandon ship. A group of them, shown the way by Youngman Grand, instead reach the machine-room, which turns out to be powered by hordes of topless rowing slave girls, under the command of the Priestess of the Whip . As passengers finally find an exit, and lords and ladies stumble out in the daylight, it is discovered that the supposed ship was in fact a structure built inside a warehouse, and the passengers had never left London. During the whole misadventure, father and son Grand look perfectly composed and cool. Toward the end of the film, Guy fills up a huge vat with urine, blood and animal excrement and adds to it thousands of bank notes. Attracting a crowd of onlookers by announcing \'Free money!\', Grand successfully entices the city\'s workers to recover the cash. The sequence concludes with many members of the crowd submerging themselves, in order to retrieve money that had sunk beneath the surface, as the song "Something In The Air" by Thunderclap Newman, is heard by the movie\'s audience. The film ends with both Guy and Youngman, having returned to the park where the film opened, bribing the park warden to allow them to both now sleep there, stating that this was a more direct method of achieving their  ends.'] ["In the early 1950s, in New York City, restaurant cashier and small-time bookie Howard Prince  has a friend who writes for television. Because the friend, Alfred Miller ([[Michael Murphy  has been blacklisted, he asks Howard to sign his name to the TV scripts. Howard agrees out of friendship and because he needs the percentage of the writer's fee that Miller will pay him. The scripts are submitted to network producer Phil Sussman , who is pleased to have a writer not contaminated by the blacklist. Howard's script also offers a plum role for one of Sussman's top actors, Hecky Brown . Howard becomes such a “success” that Miller’s other friends hire him to be their front. The quality of the scripts and Howard's ability to write so many impresses Sussman's idealistic script editor, Florence Barrett , who mistakes him for a principled, artistic talent. Howard begins dating her but changes the subject whenever she wants to discuss his work. McCarthyism is rampant and investigators are trying to expose and blacklist Communists in the entertainment industry. They are making life hell for Hecky Brown. They affect his ability to find work and pressure Sussman to drop him from the show. Hecky takes a liking to Howard and invites him to the Catskills, where he is booked to perform on stage. The club owner short-changes the entertainer on his promised salary, furthering Hecky's distress. The professional humiliation and loss of income take their toll, resulting in Hecky's suicide. Howard witnesses the harsh reality of what the terrible actions of the right-wing “Freedom Information Services” can do. Suspicion is cast his way and Howard is called to testify before the House Un-American Activities Committee. He ends up revealing privately to Florence that he is not a brilliant writer at all, just a humble cashier. Howard decides to outwit the committee. He hatches a scheme in which he will respond to all questions, not refusing to answer but in such a general way that he will admit or deny nothing. After briefly enduring the HUAC questioning&nbsp;– including being asked to speak ill of the dead Hecky Brown&nbsp;– Howard takes a stand. He ends the interview with a blatant act of defiance, which gets him arrested and convicted for contempt of Congress, a punishment he accepts with pride."] [' The film begins on "Friday, April 17" at 4 pm in Venice, California. Huckleberry P. Jones , local pimp, narcotics peddler and slumlord, enters a vacant house that he owns. While stashing heroin in the basement, he stumbles upon a mysterious door and enters it, falling into the Sixth Dimension, from which he promptly escapes. After retrieving the heroin, he sells the house to the Hercules family. On their way to school, Frenchy Hercules  and her brother Flash  have a conversation with Squeezit Henderson , who tells them that, while being violently beaten by his mother, he had a vision of his transgendered sister René , who had fallen into the Sixth Dimension through the door in the Hercules\' basement. Frenchy returns home to confide in her mother, and decides to take just a "little peek" behind the forbidden door in the basement. After arriving in the Sixth Dimension, she is captured by the perpetually topless Princess, who brings Frenchy to the rulers of the Sixth Dimension, the midget King Fausto  and his queen, Doris . When the king falls for Frenchy, Queen Doris orders their frog servant, Bust Rod, to lock her up. In order to make sure that Frenchy is not harmed, King Fausto tells Bust Rod to take Frenchy to Cell 63, where the king keeps his favorite concubines . The next day at school, Flash tries to convince Squeezit to help him rescue René and Frenchy. When Squeezit refuses, Flash enlists the help of Gramps instead. In the Sixth Dimension, they speak to an old Jewish man who tells them how to help Frenchy escape, but they soon are captured by Bust Rod. Queen Doris interrogates Flash and Gramps and then lowers them into a large septic tank. She then plots her revenge against Frenchy, relocating all the denizens of Cell 63 to a torture chamber. She leaves the Princess to oversee Frenchy\'s torture and execution, but when a fuse is blown, the torture is put on hold and the prisoners from cell 63 are relocated to keep the King from finding them. After escaping the septic tank, Flash and Gramps come across a woman who tells them that she was once happily married to the king, until Doris stole the throne by seducing her, "even though she\'s not my type". The ex-queen has been sitting in her cell for 1,000 years, and has been writing a screenplay in order to keep her sanity. Meanwhile, Pa Hercules is blasted through the stratosphere by an explosion caused by improperly extinguishing his cigarette in a vat of highly flammable tar during his work break at the La Brea Tar Pit Factory. After re-entry, Pa falls through the Hercules family basement and into the Sixth Dimension, where he is imprisoned. Finding a phone, Flash calls Squeezit and again asks for his help. Finally, Squeezit agrees to go into the Sixth Dimension to help rescue Frenchy and René. There, he is captured by Satan , with whom he makes a deal to bring him the Princess in exchange for Satan\'s help freeing René and Frenchy. After Squeezit accomplishes this task, Satan tells him not to worry about his friends before having him decapitated. Queen Doris sends Bust Rod to keep an eye on the king, and to ensure he doesn\'t find out where she\'s hidden Frenchy. King Fausto catches Bust Rod and forces him to lead him to Frenchy and René, whom he orders to leave the Sixth Dimension to avoid the Queen\'s wrath. However, en route to safety, René is stricken with pseudo-menstrual cramps, and they are again captured by the frog. Squeezit\'s head, which has now sprouted chicken wings, finds the king and informs him of what has happened. While preparing to kill Frenchy, Doris is confronted by the ex-queen, and the two engage in a cat-fight, with Doris eventually coming out as the victor. Just as she is about to kill Frenchy, King Fausto stops her, explaining that Satan\'s Mystic Knights of the Oingo Boingo are holding the Princess hostage, and will kill her should anything befall Frenchy. Flash and Gramps arrive, and Flash is knocked down by Gramps. Ma Hercules enters and, seeing a seemingly dead Flash, shoots Queen Doris. King Fausto mourns Doris, then marries Frenchy. The surviving characters look toward a great future as they plan to take over everyone and everything in the Galaxy.'] ['The film opens with a Spartan elder inspecting an ugly, talking baby ; it is abandoned to die for its deformity. A second baby, who is Vietnamese, is adopted by Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie. Baby Leonidas is then inspected, having a six-pack, biceps and beard from birth. He is accepted as a Spartan and prepared for kinghood through his childhood training, from fighting his grandmother to enduring torture (a la [[Casino Royale . Leonidas  is then cast out into the wild, and survives the harsh winter and a gangsta penguin . Returning a king for his inauguration wearing a penguin skin hat, Leonidas sees Margo  erotically dancing and asks her to marry him, to which she responds by giving him the combination to her chastity belt. Years later, Leonidas is training his son when Captain  informs him that a Persian messenger has arrived. Accompanied by the Spartan politician Traitoro, the messenger has come to present Xerxes\' demands for Sparta\'s submission. Leonidas arrives to greet the messenger in the Spartan way . After growing angry with both the messenger\'s disrespect and finding him making out with his wife, Leonidas kicks him into the \'pit of death\'. Despite "Traitoro\'s" advice that the messenger\'s guards are now needed to convey the actual message, Leonidas kicks them in as well. Afterwards, he dumps in several other people he simply dislikes, including Britney Spears, Sanjaya Malakar and the judges for American Idol before having Ryan Seacrest fling himself in. Resolving to face the Persians, Leonidas visits the Oracle, for any advice. The Oracle, Ugly Betty, reveals that Leonidas will die should he go to war. After reaching a decision while spending the night with his wife, Leonidas meets the soldiers assembled for his departure to Thermopylae, and finds that only 13  were accepted in the army, since there were stringent specifications to be accepted— "Hunky with deep Mediterranean tans, hot bods, and well-endowed". Three among them include Captain, his son, Sonio, and a slightly unfit Spartan named Dilio, who, as the Captain states, "Has a lot of heart...and nice man boobs." Once at the Hot Gates, they encounter the deformed Paris Hilton , who tells Leonidas and the Captain about a secret goat path above the Hot Gates that Xerxes could use to outflank the Spartans. When she asks to be made a Spartan soldier, Leonidas rejects her as unqualified due to her inability to use a spear correctly. Leonidas and his platoon soon face off with Xerxes\' messenger and his Immortals, beating them in a dance contest before driving them off a cliff. Xerxes , who, as described, "sort of looked like that fat guy from Borat", impressed, personally approaches Leonidas and attempts to bribe him. The Spartan king declines, saying that he will instead make him fall. The Spartans then face the Persian army in a "Yo Momma" fight. The Spartans end with a victory, in spite of Dilio having his eyes scratched out. Though victory seemed to be in the Spartans\' grasp, Paris Hilton betrays the Spartans and reveals the location of the goat path to Xerxes in return for various gifts. Using a CGI army , Xerxes meets the twelve remaining Spartans and the war is on. Meanwhile, back in Sparta, Queen Margo has several confrontations with Traitoro, because he is the vital vote in sending more troops to assist her husband. Following her address to the Council, Traitoro publicly betrays the Queen. She defeats him in battle. Evidence is shown he is a traitor, uniting the council with the queen. At the Battle of Thermopylae, the Persians introduce their secret weapons: Ghost Rider and Rocky Balboa, who kills Sonio with a decapitating uppercut before his father avenges him with Botox poisoning. But when Captain is struck down by Xerxes, Leonidas pursues Xerxes and plays Grand Theft Auto. Managing to find the "Transformer Cube", Xerxes uses it in a car to become "Xerxestron" as he shows off his powers to access the "Leave Britney Alone!" video on YouTube. However, Xerxestron trips on his extension cord, fulfilling Leonidas\' vow that he would fall at the cost of himself and surviving Spartans being crushed. The blind Dilio, who left prior to the final battle, eventually returns to Sparta to tell of Leonidas\' final moments. A year later, Dilio leads a force of one hundred real Spartans and several thousand CGI-ones to defeat the Persians, but the blind warrior ends up going the wrong way. They end up in Malibu where they knock Lindsay Lohan down as she is leaving rehab . The film ends with a musical number set to Gloria Gaynor\'s "I Will Survive" performed on American Idol by all of the characters in the film.'] ['The film begins at 62 West Wallaby Street on Gromit\'s birthday. After being tipped out of bed and dressed using several mechanical contraptions, Wallace  is greeted with a large pile of bills. Wallace remembers Gromit\'s birthday and presents Gromit with a somewhat unwelcome gift of a spiked dog collar, and a second present of a pair of ex-NASA robotic "Techno Trousers", acquired by Wallace to alleviate the burden of taking Gromit for walks. While Gromit is out on a "walk", Wallace realises they are in financial difficulty and decides to let the spare bedroom out. He is answered by an inscrutable-looking penguin named Feathers McGraw, who comes to stay at the house, pushing Gromit out of his comfortable bedroom, winning Wallace\'s favour and taking interest in the Techno Trousers. Upset that Feathers has intruded on his relationship with his master, Gromit leaves home. After viewing his departure, Feathers gets to work on altering the Techno Trousers for his own means, removing the controls on the trousers and adapting them into a remote control. After sleeping rough, Gromit hunts for suitable lodgings, noticing a police notice for a criminal penguin who disguises himself as a chicken by wearing a rubber glove on his head . Meanwhile, Wallace\'s normal morning routine is interrupted by the replacement of his expected trousers with the modified Techno Trousers. Trapped inside the "wrong trousers", Wallace is marched out of the house and sent around town on an extended test run, unaware that Feathers is controlling them. Gromit witnesses this spectacle and later spies on Feathers as he suspiciously measures up the exterior of the city museum. He returns home and in his old bedroom, uncovers plans to steal a giant diamond from the museum, using the trousers and Wallace as tools. However, Gromit is too late to foil the plan and hides inside Wallace\'s bed, where he sees Feathers arrive dressed in his "chicken disguise", Gromit realising from the wanted poster that the penguin is a wanted thief. Wallace, in a deep sleep after the day\'s misadventures, is unwittingly brought into the robbery by Feathers and marched out of the house to the museum. Feathers uses the suction feet on the trousers to climb the wall, enter the building through an air vent and walk along the ceiling, avoiding the laser alarm system. The helmet Wallace is dressed in contains a remote-controlled claw which hooks the diamond. The diamond has barely been hooked  when a loose ceiling tile sets the trousers off balance, causing the claw to trigger the alarm, which wakes Wallace up. After marching Wallace out and back to West Wallaby Street, Feathers reveals his identity and traps Wallace in a wardrobe. As Feathers makes for the door with the diamond, Gromit confronts Feathers with a rolling pin. Feathers pulls out a revolver and forces Gromit into the wardrobe with Wallace, locking them both inside. Being an expert with electronics, Gromit manages to break into the trousers\' circuits to make them march and eventually break the wardrobe apart. There follows a fast chase aboard a train set, as Gromit attempts to stop Feathers escaping with the diamond. Wallace\'s attempts to aid are mostly unsuccessful, though he removes Feathers\' revolver and frees himself from the trousers. After Feathers\' train is abruptly stopped by the trousers, he is captured and handed in to the police station and imprisoned in a zoo. For catching Feathers, Wallace and Gromit are given their substantial reward, which pays off their debts. Meanwhile, the trousers, unceremoniously consigned to the dustbin, walk off by themselves into the sunset.'] ['Lou Francis  and Bud Alexander  have just graduated from a private detective school. Tommy Nelson , a middleweight boxer, comes to them with their first case. Tommy recently escaped from jail, after being accused of murdering his manager, and asks the duo to accompany him on a visit to his fiancée, Helen Gray . He wants her uncle, Dr. Philip Gray , to inject him with a special serum he has developed which will render Tommy invisible, and hopes to use the newfound invisibility to investigate his manager\'s murder and proved his innocence. Dr. Gray adamantly refuses, arguing that the serum is still unstable, but as the police arrive Tommy injects himself with it and successfully becomes invisible. Detective Roberts  questions Dr. Gray and Helen while Bud and Lou search for Tommy. Helen and Tommy convince Bud and Lou to help them seek the real killer, after Tommy explains that the motive for the murder occurred after he refused to "throw" a fight, knocking his opponent, Rocky Hanlon , out cold. Morgan , the promoter who fixed the fight, ordered Tommy\'s manager beaten to death while framing Tommy for the crime. In order to investigate undercover, Lou poses as a boxer, with Bud as his manager. They go to Stillwell\'s gym where Lou gets in the ring with Rocky Hanlon. Tommy, still invisible, gets into the ring with them and again knocks out Hanlon with the illusion that Lou did it, and an official match is arranged. Morgan urges Lou to throw the fight, but when the match occurs , poor Hanlon is knocked out yet again. Morgan plans Bud\'s murder which is thwarted by Tommy, who unfortunately is wounded in the battle and begins to bleed badly. The protagonists rush to the hospital where a blood transfusion is arranged between Lou and Tommy. During the transfusion, Tommy becomes visible again. Unfortunately, some of Tommy\'s blood has apparently entered Lou,who briefly turns invisible, only to reappear with his legs inexplicably on backwards.'] ['{{cleanup}} Emory Leeson is an advertising executive who experiences a nervous breakdown. He designs a series of "truthful" advertisements, blunt and bawdy and of no use to his boss Drucker\'s firm. One of his colleagues, Stephen Bachman, checks him into a psychiatric hospital. Emory goes into group therapy under the care of Dr. Liz Baylor and meets other voluntary patients, such as the lovely and vulnerable Kathy Burgess. There is also George, who can only speak one word: "Hello." By mistake, Emory\'s advertisements get printed and the new campaign turns out to be a tremendous success. Campaigns like: "Jaguar — For men who\'d like hand-jobs from beautiful women they hardly know." and "Volvo — they\'re boxy but they\'re good." Drucker grabs credit for the ads. He assigns Stephen and the rest of his employees to design similar new ad campaigns featuring so-called honesty in advertising, but nothing works. Emory is approached in the sanitarium about creating new ads himself. He insists that his fellow mental patients also be involved and suitably rewarded for their work, transforming the sanitarium into a branch of the advertising industry. They come up with wild advertising slogans, like one for a Greek travel agency that goes: "Forget Paris. The French can be annoying. Come to Greece. We\'re nicer." And another one called "Come… IN the Bahamas" for that island\'s national tourism board. For a new horror movie called The Freak, the ad campaign states: "It won\'t just scare you, it will fuck you up for life!" The patients experience happiness at being needed and improve from their various illnesses. The evil Drucker and the doctor in charge of the hospital get greedy and try to separate the team. But it doesn\'t work. Dr. Baylor defies her boss and Emory negotiates to get new automobiles for all of the patients. He also manages to track down the long absent brother of Kathy, with whom he has fallen in love.'] ['{{copyedit}} After smuggling a strong box of the Cuban treasury and a group of exiled Cubans out of the now communist Cuba, a group of criminal and exiled Americans plot how to rid themselves of the Cubans guarding the money and come up with the plan to imitate a sea monster and blame the deaths on it. An American spy smuggles himself on board and acts as a narrator and all around good guy, ending up as the only original character to survive until the end. The sea monster turns out to be real and quite deadly. The movie concludes with the sea monster killing everyone and getting the money for itself, while Sparks Moran, the spy, ends up with the girl.'] ['Joel Reynolds is the owner and founder of Reynold\'s Extract, a flavor-extract company. Although his business is successful, his marriage is now completely sexless. His best friend Dean, a bartender and pothead, offers to ease his mind with Xanax and various other drugs, but the straight-laced Joel refuses. One day, a series of mishaps occurs at the extract factory, resulting in an employee, Step, losing a testicle. Cindy, a con artist and drifter, reads a news story about the accident and gets a job at the factory, flirting with Joel in order to find out more information about Step. Although Step initially decides not to sue the company, he changes his mind after a "chance meeting" with Cindy, and hires ambulance-chasing lawyer Joe Adler. Joel entertains the idea of an affair with Cindy, but still loves Suzie and would not want to have any regrets. At the bar, Dean suggests hiring a gigolo to seduce his wife, so that Joel can then have a guilt-free affair of his own. Joel initially balks at the idea, but—after his judgment is impaired by an accidentally administered dose of ketamine—eventually accepts and the two hire Brad to pose as a pool cleaner and have an affair with Suzie. The next morning, Joel sobers up and realizes what he has done and tries to stop Brad from going to his house, but he is too late; Brad and Suzie have begun an affair. Brad falls in love with Suzie and wants to run away with her. After smoking marijuana with Dean and his friend Willie, Joel attempts to call Cindy, but soon realizes that he is calling Willie\'s number. Just then, Cindy walks into the apartment. Willie realizes Joel is trying to make time with her [she\'s living with Willie, they\'re a couple] and Willie furiously punches Joel in the face. Joel meets with Adler and his associates in the factory office to discuss the terms of the settlement. The workers, believing that the meeting is about a buy-out of the factory by General Mills, organize a strike. Frustrated by Adler\'s unflinching negotiations and the disrespect from his employees, Joel storms out and goes home, where Suzie admits that she had an affair with Brad. Joel admits he hired Brad to do so, and leaves the house to escape her wrath. Joel moves into a motel, where he spots Cindy staying in another room. When he goes to her room, he notices a purse stolen from one of his employees, along with other stolen items, and realizes that she is not only a thief, but behind a lot of the problems at the company. He begins to leave and call the police, but softens when Cindy breaks down in tears, and the two spend the night together. The next morning, Cindy disappears, but leaves the stolen items behind. Step meets with Joel at the factory to tell him he is dropping the lawsuit on the condition that Joel promotes him to floor manager. Meanwhile, while cleaning the pool herself, Suzie loses her temper with her annoying, overly talkative neighbor Nathan and tells him what she really thinks of him; just as she is finishing her tirade, he collapses and dies. Feeling that she may have caused his death, Suzie attends the funeral, where she runs into Joel. After a few awkward moments, the two share a ride home, hinting at a possible reconciliation. It is revealed that Cindy has scammed Adler also and ends up stealing his luxury car, replacing it with Step\'s truck.'] ['Ricky Bobby  is a NASCAR driver who was born to go fast, and is raised solely by his strict Christian mother, Lucy , while his drunk and alcoholic father, Reese , is absent. When Ricky was only ten years old, Reese shows up during Career Day at Ricky\'s school, but after giving his vulgar speech, Reese was thrown out of the school. Before leaving, Reese told Ricky: "If you ain\'t first, you\'re last!", a quote that Ricky commits to memory. Fifteen years later, while working as the pit crew of Dennit Racing driver Terry Cheveaux  at the beginning of the film, Ricky replaces him and ends up finishing in third place, despite starting mid-race in last place. Ricky quickly soars to the top of NASCAR by achieving fame and fortune at Dennit Racing and meeting his future wife, Carly . Ricky eventually manages to allow Dennit to field an additional car to the field and arranges to have his best friend, Cal Naughton, Jr.  on his team. While he and Cal are on top of the racing world, Ricky is challenged by his rival and homosexual French Formula One driver, Jean Girard , who outperforms Ricky on the track and becomes Dennit Racing\'s next top driver. Desperate to regain his dominance, Ricky pushes himself too hard during the race at Charlotte Motor Speedway and ends up going airborne and his car lands upside down. While paramedics attempt to take Ricky to the hospital, Ricky ends up running around on the track in his helmet and underwear to think that he is on fire. While recovering from his injury, Ricky persists in the belief that he is paralyzed, which he certainly is not, a fact that Ricky only realizes after accidentally sticking a knife in his leg while trying to prove that he is paralyzed. Ricky\'s tests at Rockingham Speedway shows that he has lost his touch and fails to regain a spot on his team. Carly, yearning to be married to another top NASCAR driver, plans to marry Cal before Ricky returns to his old home that evening. Cal invites Ricky to his wedding to Carly, but his invitation was immediately refused by Ricky, who accuses Cal of damaging his life. Ricky takes his two sons, Walker and Texas Ranger  to his old home and takes his old job as a pizza delivery boy, but is reduced to using a bicycle and riding the bus after accidentally losing his license for crashing his pick-up truck into a customer\'s shopping cart and into the Sheriff writing Ricky a ticket for the previous incident. With Ricky\'s life at its lowest point, Reese suddenly re-enters Ricky\'s life and attempt to teach Ricky to drive by using unusual methods to get Ricky back to normal speed. With his retraining and the guidance of Reese, Ricky finally regains his confidence, but is taken back when Reese walks out on him once again. Reese leaves Ricky with the knowledge that the mantra around which Ricky originally used during his childhood years was in fact meaningless. When Ricky runs into his assistant, Susan  at a bar, she convinces Ricky to return to NASCAR not because of his desire to live up to the expectations of those around him, but because of his nature to drive fast. With Ricky heeding Susan\'s advice to race at the Talladega 500, he and Susan fall in love with each other. Ricky manages to make amends with Cal, Girard, and Carly before the start of the race. Because his pit crew chief and close friend, Lucius Washington  has rebuilt his engine from spare parts donated by other independent drivers, Ricky is forced to start the race from the back of the starting grid. In no time, Ricky manages to pass all the other drivers except Girard. Heading towards the final laps, Cal receives orders from Dennit to get Ricky out of the race, but Cal refuses and instead pulls ahead of Ricky, which allows Ricky to slingshot around Cal and ends up in the lead along with Girard. On lap 182, the replacement driver of Ricky\'s Wonder Bread car runs into Cal on Dennit\'s orders, causing a massive wreck that wrecks every driver except Ricky and Girard. On the final lap of the race, Ricky and Girard end up making contact with each other and sommersault down the front straightaway heading towards the finish line. Determined not to give up, Ricky and Girard sprint their foot to the finish line. Although Ricky wins the foot race, he and Girard are disqualified for getting out of their cars, and Cal officially wins Talladega 500 by default, having been in third place at the time of the wrecks. Ricky and Cal finally reconcile their friendship and family. Ricky later meets up with Reese, Lucy, Susan, Walker, and Texas Ranger in the parking lot to reunite for a dinner party during which Ricky and his extended family plan to get thrown out of Applebee\'s, referring to an earlier scene where Reese and Ricky leave each other again. A final scene during the closing credits finds Cal and Lucius working as NASCAR mechanics fixing Ricky\'s car.'] ['Celeste Talbert, the longtime star of the popular daytime drama The Sun Also Sets, is targeted by costar Montana Moorehead; Montana connives to supplant Celeste as the show\'s star by promising sexual favors to its producer, David Seton Barnes. To make the audience hate Celeste\'s character, Montana and David come up with a last-minute plot change in which she will accidentally kill a young, destitute deaf-mute, played by the newly-cast Lori Craven. Despite the strong objections of Head Writer Rose Schwartz and Celeste herself, the scene plays out, but is interrupted by Celeste\'s recognition of Lori as her real-life niece. Network honcho Edmund Edwards sees potential in the relationship and makes Lori a regular cast member, as Celeste tries to talk her niece out of an acting career. Montana and David seek to further unnerve Celeste by bringing back Jeffrey Anderson, an actor who had been fired from The Sun Also Sets  decades before after his romantic relationship with Celeste had gone sour. Bitter at being reduced to performing dinner theater for uninterested seniors in Florida, Jeffrey relishes the chance to needle Celeste. Outwardly despising Jeffrey but perhaps still harboring some feelings for him, Celeste is horrified as he and the much-younger Lori develop a close friendship. In dramatic fashion, Celeste stops a scripted onscreen kiss between Lori and Jeffrey by revealing that Lori is actually her daughter by Jeffrey. On camera, Celeste explains that she had been responsible for getting Jeffrey fired because of the pregnancy, and had passed Lori off as her niece due to pressure from the network. Despite renewed interest in the show and Lori\'s burst of sudden fame due to this "storyline," all three actors, furious with each other, demand "They go or I go!" A decision is made by the network, and the actors head into a live episode in which they will read their lines from a teleprompter to keep secret until the last minute who will be written off. It is revealed that Lori\'s character has "brain fever" and will die; still hoping to be rid of Celeste, Montana ad-libs and suggests that a brain transplant can save her. In character, Celeste immediately plays along, offering her own brain for the operation. Touched by the sacrifice, Lori asks Celeste not to leave the show, and softens to her newfound parents. Montana is publicly ruined by Rose who, with the help of vengeful Ariel Maloney, reveals the secret that Montana was once a man named Milton Moorehead. David is horrified. Later, Celeste, Jeffrey, and Lori win soap opera awards as Milton performs dinner theater at Jeffrey\'s former venue.'] ['In September 1960, nerdy Seymour Krelborn and the beautiful, but ditzy Audrey, work at Mushnik\'s Flower Shop in the slums of New York City. After a day without a single customer, Mushnik prompts to close the store, but Audrey persuades him to let Seymour display a "strange and interesting" plant to attract customers, which Seymour has named "Audrey II". Immediately, a customer enters and asked Seymour about the plant. Seymour explains that he got the plant from an old Chinese man during an unexpected Solar eclipse. The plant successfully attracts several customers at puts the flower shop back in business. Seymour\'s attempts to find proper nourishment for the finicky plant until he accidentally pricks his finger on a rose thorn, and discovers that Audrey II has an appetite for human blood. Audrey II continues grow rapidly and Seymour becomes a local celebrity. However, he becomes very weak because Audrey II needs increasingly more of his blood every day. While at work, Seymour attempts to ask Audrey out, but she turns him down because she has a date with her abusive and sadist dentist boyfriend Orin Scrivello D.D.S.. Later, Audrey II begins to talk to Seymour, demanding more blood than Seymour can give through Seymour murdering someone. In return, Audrey II offers Seymour fame and fortune, but Seymour refuses until he witnesses Orin slapping Audrey, and, enraged, agrees to feed him to the plant. Seymour books an appointment with Orin and arms himself with a revolver, however he cannot bring himself to use it. Orin decides to amuse himself by huffing nitrous oxide, which he is addicted to. He puts on a special gas mask , which malfunctions, preventing him from removing it. He begs Seymour for help while laughing hysterically, but Seymour takes no action causing Orin to die from asphyxiation. That night, Seymour drags Orin\'s body back to the flower shop where he uses an axe to chop it up for Audrey II . Mr. Mushnik witnesses Seymour\'s actions and flees in fear without being noticed. After a sleepless night, Seymour discovers the police questioning Audrey about Orin\'s disappearance. She says that she feels guilty about Orin\'s death, even though she did not cause it, because she always secretly wished that he would disappear. Seymour tells Audrey that she is beautiful and should not have such low self-esteem. They admit their feelings for each other and kiss passionately. That night, Mushnik confronts Seymour and accuses him of killing Orin and threatens to hand him over to the police. Mushnik suddenly decides to bargain with Seymour, offering Seymour "a one way bus ticket out of town" if he allows Mushnik to take care of  the plant.Then, Mushnik stumbles into Audrey II\'s open mouth and gets eaten whole by the plant. Seymour\'s fortune continues to grow and he becomes a media star, but he is very worried about Audrey II\'s growth and insatiable appetite. He is also afraid that Audrey will only love him if he continues to be famous. He decides to get out of town and marry Audrey, leaving the plant to starve. Audrey II catches him leaving and demands another meal; Seymour agrees, but insists on ground chuck from the local butcher. In the meantime, Audrey II telephones Audrey and coaxes her into the shop, then tries to eat her. Seymour returns and saves her just in time. Audrey reveals to Seymour that she doesn\'t just like him for the plant\'s success, but that she liked him the day they met. Suddenly, Patrick Martin, a salesman, appears and offers Seymour a contract to breed Audrey II and make a fortune by selling the plant to families around the world. Seymour, shocked, realizes that Audrey II planned for this all along, and that it is planning for world domination. Seymour confronts the gigantic, cursing plant, which by now has little offspring buds. Audrey II bursts out of its pot and reveals to Seymour that it is an alien from outer space. During a brawl, Audrey II manages to destroy the entire shop to pieces. However, Seymour grabs a broken exposed electrical wire and electrocutes Audrey II, causing the plant to blow up. Seymour, having miraculously survived the collapse and the explosion, safely reunites with Audrey. They wed and move to the suburbs which reveals a smiling Audrey II bud among the flowers in their front yard.  During the production of the film, director Frank Oz shot a 23-minute ending and based on the off-Broadway musical\'s ending. However, after receiving negative reviews from test audiences, the ending had to be rewritten and re-shot for the theatrical release as much "happier ending". In the original ending, after Audrey is attacked by Audrey II, she dies in Seymour\'s arms, but only before begging him to feed her to the plant so that Seymour will get all the fame he deserves. Seymour does so, but afterwards attempts to commit suicide by jumping off Audrey\'s apartment complex. Before he can, Patrick Martin appears and attempts to persuade Seymour to let him cut samples of the plant so that they can grow into little Audrey IIs and be sold across America. In horror, Seymour quickly slides down the ladder and returns to the flower shop. After confronting the plant as it sings "Mean Green Mother from Outer Space", the plant tears down the shop, plucks Seymour out of the rubble, and eats him. The three chorus girls appear in front of a sparkling American flag and tell how the Audrey II buds become a nationwide consumer craze. But soon, Audrey II and its army of duplicates takes over the country.<ref namehttp://www.dvdtalk.com/dvdsavant/s92shop.html |title2007-03-11 |dateDVD Savant}} In the dramatic finale, giant Audrey II buds beginning destroying New York as the U.S. Army attempts to fight them and the plant finally descends upon the Statue of Liberty. A title card "THE END?!?" appears and Audrey II bursts through the screen, cackling.'] ['The film centers on two cops, Det. Mitch Preston  and Officer Trey Sellars , who are paired together for a reality police show and run into real trouble with a crime lord. The beginning of the story closely parallels that of the 1988 film The Dead Pool, in which Harry Callahan intentionally breaks a news camera and is subject to favors for the news channel as a result. In this film, Detective Mitch Preston breaks a news camera after a failed confrontation with a drug lord, who escapes by using an extremely destructive custom-built gun. Maxis Television, the network which employed the cameraman, decides to sue the police department for ten million dollars. The lawsuit will be dropped if Mitch agrees to star in a reality cop television show which Trey later calls Showtime!. Trey enters the picture shortly after, as an LAPD officer who actually wants to be an actor while also tries to becomes a police detective on the side. He pays a friend to snatch the purse of the show\'s producer, Chase Renzi , and then retrieves it after a staged fight scene. Even though the deception is embarrassingly revealed, Chase is impressed and signs Trey on anyway. It is quickly revealed that the show\'s producers have little interest in filming an actual police officer\'s existence: they build a mini-movie set in the middle of the station, and replace Mitch\'s nondescript personal car with a Humvee. They also hire William Shatner  to give both men tips on how to act. Trey is eager to learn, Mitch is merely annoyed. Despite all this, Mitch tries to investigate the mysterious supergun, which is subsequently used by arms dealer Ceasr Vargas to kill the drug dealer and his girlfriend. Through a clever ruse by Trey, they are able to get the arms dealer\'s name from the dead dealer\'s henchman. However, Vargas is less than cooperative, which causes a brawl at his nightclub. Trey and Mitch are able to defeat him and his henchmen, and subsequently have a relatively friendly conversation on their way home. Mitch\'s good humor evaporates when he finds that, in his absence, the Showtime producers have drastically remodeled his house and given him a retired K-9 dog as a pet. A short time later, Vargas and his crew use his guns to assault an armored car and kill the crew, then devastate the police who respond. Trey and Mitch arrive and are pulled into the shootout. When the attackers flee in a garbage truck, Mitch gives chase in a police car. In the ensuing mayhem, the car is rammed by the garbage truck, which winds up crashing into a construction site. Mitch, ironically, survives by jumping from the police car to Trey\'s sports car (he had previously denounced "hood-jumping" as a useless skill. In the wake of the disaster, the police chief pulls the plug on the show and suspends Mitch from duty. With the show ended, Mitch\'s car is returned and his apartment restored . While watching the final episode, Mitch sees one of his police colleagues at Vargas\'s nightclub. he and Trey investigate, and soon find that Vargas is selling the weapons at a gun show at the Bonadventure Hotel. Vargas flees with one of the weapons, and takes Chase hostage in the process. The duo are able to rescue her, via a pocket pistol concealed in a Maxxis camera, but he shoots out the ceiling of the room, which is located just below the pool. When it floods, and Vargas is washed out the window, Trey manages to save himself and Mitch by handcuffing them together. They wind up suspended from a broken beam,outside the hotel, with news helicopters hovering all around. The movie ends with Trey promoted to detective, and he and Mitch still working together with a new case, and there are hints of a romance between Chase and Mitch. Showtime is in its second season, this time with two female officers, who are just as antagonistic as Mitch and Trey were.'] ["Jompa Torman is reluctantly on his way into marriage. The bride's family is gathered at the traditional engagement coffee at Kautokeino community centre when the Deadly Sapmi Assassination Squad, consisting of Tampa Buljo, Crazy Beibifeit, Dr. Kjell Driver and Bud Light assault the premises, draw guns, and fire on anything that moves. Nobody is supposed to leave the centre alive, but Jompa miraculously survives and falls into a deep coma. The Sami- and woman-hating police inspector Sid Wisløff are assigned to the case together with his assistant Unni Formen. Wisløff is confident that Jompa Tormann killed all his guests, finishing the act by shooting his own head four times to look innocent. A few weeks later, Jompa awakens, and begins to seek revenge. He has a Katana forged for him by the legendary swords-smith, Fugioshi Shinaga and sets out. He tracks down the members of The Deadly Sapmi Assassination Squad and settles his business with them one by one. Sid Wisløff and Unni Formen, aided by the Sami pathfinder Peggy Mathilassi are on his heels to put him behind bars."] ['Three young friends and aspiring rappers, Albert , Euripides , and Otis  want to make their big break. In order to get their name heard, they appeal to local crime kingpin and nightclub owner Gusto , but during a failed meeting the police rush in and throw Gusto in jail. Gusto believes that the trio set him up, swearing revenge when he is released from prison. However, while Gusto is locked up, Albert steals his criminal background and identity to become "MC Gusto", and forms the hardcore gangsta rap group CB4 . CB4 becomes the hottest band on the charts with controversial hits like "Sweat of my Balls" and "Straight Outta Locash", and their rise to fame is documented by an aspiring director  and his cameraman. As an ambitious politician  seeks to shut them down for obscenity charges, tensions between the group arise over one member\'s gold-digging groupie girlfriend . The group breaks up, and the strain of the charade takes its toll on Albert\'s family life and relationship with his wholesome girlfriend Daliha . Gusto eventually escapes from prison and sets out to get revenge by making Albert appear to really be the criminal he pretends to be, but the plan backfires and Gusto is sent to prison for life. Albert gives up the pretense of being a gangsta, and the group has a happy reunion tour.'] ["It is the time of the French Revolution, and two bored English noblemen, Sir Rodney Ffing  and his best friend, Lord Darcy Pue,  decide to have some fun and save their French counterparts from beheading by the guillotine. Enraged revolutionary leader Citizen Camembert  and his toadying lackey, Citizen Bidet , scour France and England for the elusive saviour of the French nobles, who has become known as The Black Fingernail. After abducting the Fingernail's true love, Jacqueline , Camembert and Bidet plot to lure the Fingernail to his death... oblivious that Desiree , Camembert's flamboyant mistress, is herself in love with the hero and will do all she can to save him from the guillotine."] ['A new wing at Britannia Hospital is to be opened, and the Queen Mother &ndash; referred to as HRH &ndash; is due to arrive. The administrator of the hospital, Potter , is confronted with demonstrators protesting against an African dictator who is a VIP patient, striking ancillary workers  and a less-than-cooperative Professor Millar , the head of the new wing. Rather than cancel the royal visit, Potter decides to go out and reason with the protestors. He strikes a deal with the protest leader — the private patients of Britannia Hospital are to be ejected and, in return, the protestors allow a number of ambulances into the hospital. However, unbeknown to the protestors, these ambulances actually contain the Queen Mother and her entourage. Mick Travis  is a reporter who is shooting a clandestine documentary about the hospital and its dubious practices. He manages to get inside and starts to investigate Millar\'s sinister scientific experimentation, including the murder of a patient, Macready . As mayhem ensues outside, Travis is also murdered and his head used as part of a grim Frankenstein-like experiment which goes hideously wrong. Eventually, the protestors break into the hospital and attempt to disrupt Millar\'s presentation of his Genesis Project, in which he claims he has perfected mankind. In front of the assembled audience of Royalty and commoners, Genesis is revealed — a brain wired to machinery. Genesis is given a chance to speak and, in a robotic voice, utters the "What a piece of work is a man" speech from Hamlet, until it continuously repeats the line "How like a God".'] ["The story focuses on struggling Hollywood film producer Charlie Berns, who is on the verge of suicide when his aspiring screenwriter nephew Lionel arrives from New Jersey with a script about 19th century British statesman Benjamin Disraeli. Charlie agrees to make the film, but he converts the literate PBS-style script into the action adventure Middle Eastern espionage film Ben Disraeli: Freedom Fighter. He casts African American Bobby Mason, a recent convert to Judaism, in the title role and proceeds to set up locations in South Africa. When Bobby is kidnapped during filming, Charlie devises a way to keep his project going. He moves his crew to Prague and begins to film Lionel's original script without advising studio heads of his plan."] ['Bobby Taylor ([[Robert Townsend  is a middle class black male aspiring to become an actor. He practices his lines in the bathroom, with his younger brother Stevie  watching as he plays a stereotypical “jive” character for the audition for "Jivetime Jimmy\'s Revenge", a movie about street gangs. Bobby\'s grandmother  overhears the “jive talk” and shows her disapproval. His mother , is more supportive, telling Bobby that he is going to be late for the audition. Bobby assures his mother that if he lands the part, everything will change. As Bobby is about to leave the house, he finds his grandmother on the couch. Playing on television is a commercial for the sitcom There\'s a Bat in My House, which poses the question “Can a black bat from Detroit find happiness with a white suburban family?” His grandmother wishes him luck, but still shows visible concern for the nature of the role. On his way to the audition, he stops by his uncle Ray\'s  barbershop where Ray shows him support by telling him to “do it.” He then stops by his workplace at the Winky Dinky Dog hot dog stand where he finds his co-workers Tiny  and Donald , who berate him, as usual. He asks to see his boss, Mr. Jones , and lies about a toothache to go to the audition. On his last stop before his audition, he goes to his girlfriend\'s  workplace at a salon where she gives him a scarf for good luck. Finally, he arrives at TinselTown Studios where he finds other aspiring black actors trying out for various roles in the film. There he meets another actor that comments on the degrading nature of roles offered to African Americans who only get to play slaves, butlers, or street hoods. He tells Bobby that only an "Uncle Tom" would take this role. The actor is clearly trying to stymie Bobby\'s chances, nevertheless it makes him think. This prompts the first of Bobby\'s many fantasies. This fantasy involves an escape of black slaves. A butler, played by Bobby, doing a Stepin Fetchit impression, makes an appearance and questions why the slaves are leaving when they are being treated well by their master. This segment is then revealed to be a TV promotion for “Black Acting School”, where aspiring, dark-skinned black actors can learn how to “talk jive” and “walk black” so that they can get roles such as pimps, muggers, and street punks. After the audition, Bobby talks with Mr. Jones, who questions Bobby\'s dedication to Winky Dinky Dog. A limo then pulls up and the man inside is revealed to be B.B. Sanders , who plays Batty Boy in There\'s a Bat in My House. Ecstatic, Bobby asks Sanders how to tell a good part. Sanders tells him that if his character does not die in the script, then it\'s good part. Sanders also says that it is not about art, it is about the sequel. On the basketball court, Bobby is talking to his friends about acting and Bobby expresses his concern about critical reception. One of his friends states that critics do not know anything and that there should be “real brothers” critiquing movies. The leads in to another one of Bobby\'s fantasies, this one revolving around a film review television show called “Sneakin\' in the Movies.” , involving two ghetto teenagers. They review four movies: Amadeus meets Salieri, Chicago Jones and the Temple of Doom, Dirty Larry, and Attack of the Street Pimps. After this vignette, Bobby is at home when he gets a call from his agent and learns that his audition went well, but they wanted an “Eddie Murphy-type". Regardless, Bobby gets a callback. That night, he has a nightmare in which the director , writer , and casting director  hound him to be Eddie Murphy. Waiting in line with a group of Eddie Murphy clones, Bobby starts turning into Eddie Murphy himself until he wakes up in shock. The next day, Bobby\'s co-workers, Donald and Tiny, belittle Bobby\'s career as an actor and his constant excuses for missing work, telling him that he will never make it as an actor. After another vignette involving Bobby, now a famous Hollywood star, returning to Winky Dinky Dog years later to find it nearly ruined, Bobby quits his job. Later that night, Bobby visits his uncle at the barbershop and expresses his doubts in pursuing his acting career. Ray encourages Bobby to try to follow his dreams. During his callback, the director, writer, and casting director are thrilled at Bobby\'s performance, calling it “very black” and give him the titular lead role. At home, Bobby celebrates getting the part with his girlfriend Lydia, when his grandmother comes home early and the three watch a film noir. Bobby has another fantasy of him playing the lead in his own film noir, called Death of a Breakdancer. During his morning routine before his first day on the set of Jivetime Jimmy\'s Revenge, he finds his little brother\'s homework assignment expressing his admiration of Bobby and his job as an actor. Bobby\'s mother and grandmother talk about Bobby\'s acting gig, with his grandmother disapproving of his career and stressing that he should get his life together and get a job at the post office. She does not like the fact that he is portraying a street hustler and putting out a negative image of African Americans. Bobby then has a vision of his little brother dressed in a pimp outfit. On the set, Bobby runs into his rival at the audition who congratulates Bobby for getting the part of Jimmy. The rival tells Bobby that he\'s heard that the movie is going to be picketed by the NAACP, causing Bobby to have a vision of picketers calling Bobby an “Uncle Tom” and a “coon.” His little brother and his grandmother disown him. The vision ends when Lydia, the picketers, and news reporters take out guns and chant “Kill him!” Lydia, his brother, and his grandmother arrive to watch the fim shoot. As he plays his “jive” character Jimmy, he looks over at his brother who is clearly affected by the derogatory role and is unable to finish the scene. The director encourages Bobby to “be more black.” Bobby tries again, but is still unable to complete the scene when he looks over at his brother. Unable to continue playing this degrading part, Bobby decides to quit. His rival immediately volunteers for the role. That night, Bobby dreams of the roles that he wants to play, from a Shakespearean king, to a black superhero, to Rambro. His final dream is that of him winning his fifth Oscar. In the final moments of the film, Bobby is shown filming a TV commercial, acting as a spokesperson for the post office. He tells us, the audience, that "if you can\'t take pride in your job, remember that there\'s always work at the post office." which he says with a wink.'] ["After an introduction by the wolf, the plot follows closely to the story of the three little pigs. The first pig erects a wire structure, then quickly bushels hay over the structure for the house. The second pig uses hundreds of matches to make up his house. The third pig goes through the tedious task of laying bricks for his house. After the first two pigs have quickly finished their houses, they start dancing around and laughing with each other. The wolf dresses as a gypsy and temporarily fools the pigs, but soon drops the disguise and chases them to their respective houses. With the straw house, the wolf uses a lit match to burn the house, and with the match house, he drops a solitary match on the roof, causing the house to collapse. He tries to destroy the brick house by trying to knock down the door, as well as huffing and puffing and trying to blow the house down, but he fails at this attempt. Once the first two pigs join the third pig in his brick house, the wolf again dresses up - this time as a homeless woman playing a violin, while it's snowing outside . The first two pigs have pity on the wolf, and despite the third pig blocking the door, the two other pigs let the wolf in. When the wolf continues to play the violin, the third pig sees that the wolf has a record player hidden behind him. The third pig switches to the other side of the record, putting on a fast-paced dance. The wolf dances to this new tune, but loses his costume as a result. The wolf then chases the pigs up to the second floor of the house. The pigs make their escape in an elevator but when the wolf tries to use the elevator he drops into an empty shaft and falls at the feet of the pigs."] ["In the not so distant future, the world is faced with a global catastrophe. A biological contaminant is released into the atmosphere and over the following years, decimates nearly ninety percent of the world's population. Fleeing the poisoned planet, humanity relocates to a space station orbiting the Earth. It is there that life continues with the hope of one day returning to the planet's surface. The film unfolds during the probate hearing determining the disposition of assets of the estate of Abel Edwards beta, the clone of the founder of the Edwards Corporation , the most successful entertainment conglomerate of the 20th Century. The EC included not only an enormously successful film and television studio, but also the Abel Edwards' Fantastic Wonderlands Theme Parks based on the characters populating Abel Edwards' animated films. Due to their extensive animatronic background, the EC has morphed into a manufacturer whose primary products are humanoid robots. But their market share has fallen sharply and sales have softened. They understand the need to develop a new market, but after several failed attempts, recognize they lack the intuition and imagination necessary for the success of such a bold course change. As a last-ditch effort, their marketing department develops a plan to clone their dead genius founder, Abel Edwards. They will not only grow a genetic replica, but they will infuse him with the same life-altering experiences that shaped the original man. Nature plus nurture, or something like it. Upon his 25th birthday, Edwards takes the reins of the company and rides a 20-year wave of success with every passing day. When the potential rival of the status quo career politician abruptly drops out of the race, Edwards sees his chance to expand beyond his defined boundaries and bring the 'Edwards Standard of Living' directly into people's living rooms, rather than maintaining a park to give them a transitory experience. When Edwards moves from a 'Celebrity Politician' to a front-running candidate, the power struggle reaches its breaking point. The Anti-Reality Organizations finally have their scapegoat. Needless to say, he loses the Senate race in a landslide. In one fell swoop, Edwards has lost his son, the Senate seat and his position as CEO of the company. Edwards commandeers a space shuttle and heads for the site of the original Able Edwards Fantastic Wonderland beginning a journey of no return."] [' The story of Casino Royale is told in an episodic format and is best outlined in "chapters". Val Guest oversaw the assembly of the sections, although he turned down the credit of "co-ordinating director".<ref nameOpening sequencePlot summaryon}} tall, leaving him as the "big man" who gets all the girls. Jimmy goes to check on The Detainer, and tries to convince her to be his queen, she apparently agrees, but foils his plan by poisoning him with one of his own atomic pills, which will cause him to hiccup till he explodes. Sir James, Moneypenny, Mata and Coop manage to escape from their cell and fight their way back to the Casino Director\'s office where Sir James establishes Vesper is a double agent. The casino is then overrun by secret agents and a battle ensues. Eventually, Jimmy\'s atomic pill explodes, destroying Casino Royale along with everyone inside. Sir James and all of his agents then appear in heaven and Jimmy Bond is shown descending to hell.'] ["The Romans have invaded Britain. An army led by Mark Antony , slogging through wet and miserable weather, attacks a village  and capture some people as slaves. They include a maker of square wheels Hengist Pod  and the fearless warrior Horsa , among others. They are taken to Rome, bought by the trader Spencius  and auctioned off. No-one wants Hengist and he's marked down as lion-fodder. When an attempt is made to kill Julius Caesar  at a Roman temple, Horsa fights and kills Caesar's enemies, but Hengist gets all the credit, and is made Caesar's bodyguard. Meanwhile, Mark Antony, Caesar's best friend, is sent to Egypt to negotiate an alliance, but becomes besotted with the Egyptian Queen Cleopatra . The only way to achieve his heart's desire is to kill Caesar . The plan to kill Caesar and Hengist ends up being unsuccessful. Hengist, Horsa and all of their fellow British countrymen escape, capture a galley and make it back to Britain."] ['Peter and Katherine Witner are Southern California super-yuppies with great jobs but no center to their lives. When they both lose their jobs and begin marital infidelities, their solution is to start their own business together. In order to find meaning to their empty lives, they follow various New Age gurus and other such groups. Eventually, they hit rock bottom and have to make some hard decisions.'] ['In the year 10,001 B.C., a caveman runs away from a predator through a plain. He then immediately gets into a fight with Wolf. After defeating him, the caveman then encounters the predator: a saber-toothed, gasoline-drinking Amy Winehouse, who after checking her Facebook account, informs him that the world will end on August 29, 2008—the release date of the movie—revealing that their fate lies in a crystal skull. The film flash-forwards to the present, treating the first scene as a dream sequence of Will. He then finds out that his girlfriend Amy is having an affair with Flavor Flav, and she breaks up with Will because he is not admitting his true feelings for her. Later that day, Will has a "Super Duper Sweet Sixteen" party at his house, despite the fact he is twenty-five. The guests are Juney, Dr. Phil, Will\'s best friend Calvin, and Anton Chigurh, among others. Seth and McLover are trying to steal the alcohol from the party, and Calvin\'s girlfriend Lisa requests Calvin to kill them, but he realizes the distance is not clean. Then the Beautiful Assassin suggests him to attempt to curve a bullet around the room to stop them, but he accidentally kills Dr. Phil, Chigurh and the Beautiful Assassin in the process. By then, Amy arrives with her new boyfriend, a Calvin Klein underwear model, and the musical number "Friends Forever" is performed by high school kids, an off-key Jessica Simpson, and J. T.. However, the party comes to a halt when a strong movement shakes the room and lights go out. A bulletin on the radio claims there is a meteor shower and it is the end of the world. Will, Juney, Calvin, and Lisa go outside during the shower and find Hannah Montana crushed by a meteor. Even when she is caught between life and death, she is still promoting her merchandise until her wig falls off, revealing her as Miley Cyrus before she finally dies. While this is occurring, a kid wakes up Hancock and mouths at him to go save the world, only to be knocked away as Hancock tries to escape from the city, but hits his head on a streetlight and knocks himself out. Soon after, the city starts to freeze over, and the group retreats to a garage for shelter. They meet the Sex and the City gals, who comment they are willing to fight for the place. Then, Juney and Carrie Bradshaw start a combat, where Juney wins. When she mentions that the calamities are caused by global warming, Will replies to her that his dream about Amy Winehouse is maybe related. Lisa says that she is getting cold and Calvin suggests they should take their clothes off, but only the girls take them off, and the guys stare in awe until Juney\'s water brokes. Later, Will has a dream where he confesses to Amy he is a jumper, but when she tells him that she loves him she escapes, but accidentally impales himself on Prince Caspian\'s  sword, and Caspian identifies him as "the guy who ruined Star Wars". After Will\'s dream ends, the group chide with him because he does not commit his relationship with Amy. The gang leaves the garage and Will gets a call from Amy, where he admits his feelings for her, but the call gets dropped and he decides to go to rescue Amy to her job, but Lisa gets killed by a meteor. While the others comfort a distraught Calvin, the Enchanted Princess climbs out of a manhole and gets hit by a taxi, with Calvin catching her as they immediately fall in love with each other. Juney guesses that she is a Princess thrown out of her kingdom by an evil witch, but the Princess explains that she is a "demented homeless chick who lives in the sewers" due to consuming "lots and lots and lots of mind-altering, enchanting drugs". Prince Edwin challenges Calvin to a dance fight alá Step Up 2 for the love of the Princess, but then a tornado appears and Prince Edwin escapes. Iron Man, Hellboy, and the Hulk attempts to fight the natural disaster but all are knocked down by cows that the twister sends. When the group finds shelter, Calvin gets a call on his shoe phone from Lisa\'s mother, who is informed about Lisa\'s death and how Calvin has found someone hotter than Lisa. Afterward, they encounter rabid knockoffs of Alvin and the Chipmunks, who start attacking the gang and eat Juney\'s flesh until she dies. The Chipmunks then go after Will and Calvin and they trap them in a trash can, fatally suffocating them as they attempt to escape. On their way to the museum to save Amy, who called to tell Will she is trapped under a statue, they run into Batman, who informs them that they must get to the evacuation buses by 9 pm  and mentions that there will be no chance of survival if they go to save Amy. Learning that it is closer to nine than he thought, Batman throws a rope, which accidentally lands on a car that drags him away. With time against them, the Princess kills Speed Racer so they can hijack his Mach 5 and drive to the museum. But before departing, they hear someone giggling in the trunk and as they look inside they find Michael Jackson cuddled up with Spritle and Chim-Chim. After Jackson closes the trunk, they drive to the museum and they save Amy who reveals the Crystal Skull from Will\'s dream to be the only thing that can stop the end of the world. As Will and Amy make their way to the altar, Calvin and the Princess find that the museum doors are closed and all the artifacts have come alive, including Kung Fu Panda, who fights Calvin. When Calvin makes out with the Princess after beating Kung Fu Panda, he accidentally removes her wig and discovers that the Princess is actually a transvestite. While this happens, Kung Fu Panda takes out a katana and kills Calvin and the Enchanted Princess. Meanwhile, Will and Amy run into a nude Beowulf, who fights with Will. After Beowulf is defeated, Will and Amy encounter Indiana Jones, who accept to be Will\'s father. Indiana tries to put the crystal skull on the altar, but he has an accident; Will does it instead, and he averts further destruction. The film ends with a wedding ceremony for Will and Amy being performed by The Guru Shitka. Then all the characters start to sing the "Dating song" , a song about dating each other, which sets off a chain, ending with the Chipmunks.'] ["A young comic book fan Todd Dougherty is upset about his widowed father re-marrying. When a series of neighbors turn up dead, Todd suspects his stepmother-to-be and accuses her of being a monster. Everyone dismisses Todd's accusations as the result of an over-active imagination. As the wedding date approaches, it becomes a race against time to reveal the truth before his father ties the knot.[allmovie website: http://www.allmovie.com/work/stepmonster-46838]"] ['Fielding Mellish  is the main character, but he does not appear until after the opening credits. The cold open, which featured the assassination of the president of the fictional "banana republic" of San Marcos that completed a coup d\'état bringing Gen. Emilio Molina Vargas  to power, sets up the situation that Mellish would enter later in the movie. The scene was in the form of a championship boxing telecast on Wide World of Sports, with Don Dunphy as the host and Howard Cosell as the commentator.Warren, James. "Press Goes \'Bananas,\'" Chicago Tribune, Sunday, October 30, 1994. Mellish is a neurotic blue collar man who tries to impress social activist Nancy  by trying to get in touch with the revolution in San Marcos. He visits the republic and attempts to show his concern for the native people. However, nearly killed by the local caudillo, only to be saved by the revolutionaries, he is then indebted to help them. Mellish clumsily learns how to be a revolutionary. When the revolution is successful, the Castro-style leader goes mad, forcing the rebels to place Mellish as their President. When traveling back to the U.S. to obtain financial aid, he reunites with his activist ex-girlfriend and is exposed. In a classic courtroom scene, Mellish tries to defend himself from a series of incriminating witnesses, including a reigning Miss America and a middle-aged African-American woman who facetiously claims to be J. Edgar Hoover and is taken seriously by the whole court. One of the witnesses did provide testimony favorable to Mellish, but the court clerk twisted it to make him appear thoroughly dishonest. Mellish is eventually sentenced to prison, but his sentence is suspended on the condition that he does not move into the judge\'s neighborhood. Nancy then agrees to marry him. The film ends with the between-the-covers consummation of their marriage, an event that was over much more quickly than Nancy had anticipated. Like the opening scene, it was accompanied by Cosell providing commentary.'] ["Matt Helm is assigned by his secret agency, ICE, to bring down an evil count named Contini who is trying to collapse the world economy by stealing a billion dollars in gold. Helm travels to Denmark, where he is given a guide, Freya Carlson, a beautiful but bumbling woman from a Danish tourism bureau. A pair of Contini's accomplices, the seductive Linka Karensky and Yu-Rang, each attempt to foil Helm's plans. The former is killed in an ambush intended for Helm, the latter in an explosion. On each occasion, Freya's clumsy attempts to assist Matt are helpful but not particularly appreciated. McDonald, his chief at ICE, turns up to aid Helm, but is wounded in action. McDonald confides to Helm that the seemingly inept Freya is actually a top secret agent herself, using a clever guise. They go to Contini's chateau for a showdown and Helm creates chaos and destruction with a variety of unique gadgets. Contini escapes on a train bound for Luxembourg, but with a mini-helicopter, Helm and Freya are able to catch up. Contini is killed on the train, dropping through a trap door. Successful and alone at last, Helm finally has an opportunity to thank Freya as only he can."] ['Dr. John Harvey Kellogg has opened a sanitarium in Battle Creek, Michigan, where he puts into practice his unusual methods for maintaining health, including colonic irrigation, electrical stimulus and sexual abstinence, as well as vegetarianism and physical exercise. The sanitarium attracts a number of well-to-do patients including William and Eleanor Lightbody, who are suffering from ill health following the premature death of their child. On their way to Battle Creek they meet Charles Ossining, who is hoping to make his fortune by exploiting the craze for health food cereals. Ossining finds a partner in Goodloe Bender. Having enlisted the services of George Kellogg, the doctor\'s estranged adopted son, they attempt to produce "Kellogg\'s Perfo Flakes." In the sanitarium, Will Lightbody is separated from his wife and begins harboring lustful thoughts toward Nurse Graves and patient Ida Muntz. His wife Eleanor, meanwhile, befriends Virginia Cranehill, who has a modern attitude toward sexual pleasure, influenced by the works of Dr. Lionel Badger. Will finally succumbs to Ida Muntz\'s charms. Later he discovers that Ida has died during treatment. Following the death of a patient in the sinusoidal bath, as well as the discovery of yet another death, Will has a breakdown, flees the sanitarium, gets drunk and eats meat. At the restaurant he meets Ossining and agrees to invest $1,000 in his health food business. Will returns drunk to the sanitarium, where he is reprimanded by Dr. Kellogg and abandoned by a distraught Eleanor. Ossining\'s business is a disaster with no edible products. He and his partners resort to stealing Kellogg\'s cornflakes and repackaging them in their own boxes. Ossining meets his aunt, a potential investor, at a visiting day at Kellogg\'s sanitarium, where he is exposed as a fraud and arrested. Nurse Graves attempts to seduce Will. He is guilt-stricken and spurns her advances. He goes to find Eleanor, only to find her and Virginia Cranehill receiving clitoral massages from Dr. Spitzvogel at the same time Dr. Badger is masturbating. Will, incensed, thrashes Dr. Spitzvogel with a branch and takes Eleanor away. George Kellogg pays a visit to his father but things go badly, and he burns the sanitarium down. In the chaos, Ossining escapes. Kellogg does seem to reconcile with George in the mud bath in the aftermath of the fire. In a final coda, the Lightbodys are happily married with four daughters. Will receives a cheque for $1,000 from Ossining, who has become a cola beverage tycoon. Dr. Kellogg dies of a heart attack while diving off a high board.'] ["Will  is quiet and shy, and comes from a family that belongs to the strict Plymouth Brethren religious sect. Will is forbidden to watch films or television and is made to leave his classroom when the teacher puts on a documentary. In the corridor, he meets Lee Carter , the worst-behaved boy in school, thrown out of another class for bad behaviour. They accidentally break a fish bowl in the corridor; Lee volunteers to take the blame, pretending that the punishment is torture, in exchange for Will's watch, which belonged to his dead father. Moreover Lee demands that Will performs the stunts in a film Lee is making with home video equipment owned by his bullying older brother, Lawrence , which Lawrence uses in his video pirating enterprise. He intends to enter the Screen Test Young Film-Makers' Competition. Will accepts, after accidentally seeing the film First Blood at Lee's house while hiding from Lawrence. He becomes very enthusiastic, and plays several dangerous action scenes, culminating in the two boys becoming 'blood brothers' after Lee saves Will from drowning. Lee finds Will's sketch book, full of colourful and glorious ideas, and starts to incorporate some of them into his film script. The two become best friends, but Will has to keep it secret from his family and the increasingly interfering Brother Joshua of the Brethren, who clearly has designs on his mother. French exchange students arrive, of whom the suave Didier Revol  becomes very popular. After finding Will's sketch book, he asks Will if he and his acolytes can play in the film, and Will agrees. Didier reveals that he has always wanted to be an actor. This mushrooms into the whole school being part of the production, and Will being included with the cool sixth-formers. Lee does not like this, as he is no longer in control, and finally quits after a fight with Will during filming of the last sequence, which takes place at a disused power station. After Will becomes trapped when part of the unstable structure collapses due to Didier's carelessness, and the entire school/crew run away, Lee returns to rescue his friend, but uses the excuse that he has come to collect his brother's camera. He too gets hurt, and has to go to hospital. Lawrence visits him, but is angry about the fact that the camera is broken. Will's mother , from whom he has struggled to hide his activities, finally realises that her son must be allowed to be himself and her family leaves the Brethren. The film is never submitted to the competition as they miss the deadline. The French students leave, and while Didier was popular and worshiped in England, his own school-mates mock him, and he is actually lonely and isolated. When Lawrence looks at Lee's footage he is impressed, and he sees Lee's rant at Will defending Lawrence's neglect and bullying, which was accidentally filmed. With Will's help, he adds a part in which he acts himself — including a reply message for his brother. When Lee leaves hospital, as a surprise he is brought to a cinema, where his film is shown before the main feature to much enjoyment from the audience, and the two boys reunite."] ['David and Linda Howard are typical 1980s yuppies in Los Angeles who are fed up with their lifestyle. He works in an advertising agency and she for a department store. But after he fails to receive a promotion he was counting on and is asked to transfer to the firm\'s New York office instead, David angrily insults his boss and is fired. He coaxes his wife to quit her job as well and seek a new adventure. The Howards decide to liquidate their assets and drop out, "like in Easy Rider", heading out to see the country in a Winnebago recreational vehicle. They leave L.A. with "nest egg", but don\'t get very far. The plan goes awry when Linda loses nearly all their cash playing roulette at the Desert Inn Casino in Las Vegas. Out of money and with nowhere to go, the couple ends up in Safford, Arizona. David unsuccessfully applies for a delivery job at a local pharmacy and resorts to an employment agency. Obnoxiously reminded by a counselor about being fired from his high-paying job in advertising, David accepts the best position available—as a crossing guard, taunted by local school kids. Linda, meanwhile, has found employment as the assistant manager at the local Der Wienerschnitzel, working under a kid half her age. She and David are living in a trailer park, almost broke and now accountable to brats. Only a few days after beginning their pursuit of the dream of dropping out of society, they decide that it is better to get back their old lifestyle as soon as possible. They point the Winnebago toward New York, where David begs for his old job back.'] ['Set during the 1920s in the Midwestern United States, the movie revolves around two coal miners, Charlie Jacobs  and Thad , who decide to follow a life a crime like their role model, Al Capone. They find that they are no better at being gangsters than they were at mining coal.'] ['In the land of Condon, the deranged Queen Victoria seals the country in behind a huge wall and establishes a "Monarchy of Terror." The intellectuals and sexually liberated are persecuted and murdered. Some of them form an underground movement, the Cult of Perv, led by the Demon Nanny who dies giving birth to Pervirella, who grows at an amazing rate into a beautiful young woman. Whenever her magic necklace is removed, Pervirella becomes a raging nymphomaniac and - hunted by every interested group in Condon - teams up with special agent Amicus Reilly.{{cite web}}'] ["The film is presented as a safety instruction video for forklift truck drivers and shows the first day of work for newly-qualified forklift truck driver Klaus. The film highlights in a gory manner the dangers of unsafe operation of machinery. As the film progresses the injuries/deaths become more brutal, beginning with things like a man falling from the fork lift after he was lifted improperly, and ending with the most violent: a stray chainsaw that had been on when the arm using it was cut off drives itself around before reaching a man who has already been cut in half and hit on the head by an emergency warning bell , and it is stopped by a hammer. As it cuts through the hammer's handle, the man stares at the example of what the saw is about to do to him. Finally the saw breaks the hammer and drives into the man, and we see a POV shot of his guts being chopped up. The film ends after Klaus is killed by decapitation and two men are left stuck to the fork 'prongs' screaming. The forklift drives off into the sunset as the men continue to scream."] ['Financial disaster looms for Grand Fenwick when the current vintage of its only export, wine, starts exploding in would-be consumers\' faces. Prime Minister Mountjoy  decides to ask the United States for a loan, ostensibly to fund its entry in the race to the Moon, but actually to save the duchy . The devious politician knows that the Americans will not believe him, but will consider the half million dollars he is asking for to be cheap propaganda supporting their hollow call for international cooperation in space. He is delighted when they send him double the amount as an outright gift. The Soviets, not wishing to be one-upped by their Cold War rivals, deliver an obsolete rocket. Mountjoy asks resident scientist Professor Kokintz  to arrange a small explosion during the "launch" of their lunar rocket to make it look like they have actually spent the money as intended. Meanwhile, Mountjoy\'s son Vincent  returns after being educated in England. Mountjoy is disappointed to find that Vincent has picked up the British sense of fair play and the ambition to be an astronaut. Professor Kokintz has pleasant news for Vincent: he has discovered that the wine makes excellent rocket fuel. Together, they secretly begin preparing the rocket for flight. Maurice Spender , a bumbling spy sent by the suspicious British, is given a tour of the ship, including the shower heads converted into attitude jets, and reports back to his bosses that it is all a hoax. Mountjoy invites the Americans, Soviets, and British to the launching. To everyone\'s surprise, the rocket leisurely takes off with Kokintz and Vincent aboard. Kokintz calculates it will take three weeks to reach the Moon. Humiliated, the Americans and Soviets decide to risk sending their own manned rockets, timing it so they will land at the same time as  Grand Fenwick\'s ship. However, Vincent accidentally hits a switch, speeding up the vessel, and he and Kokintz become the first to set foot on the Moon. The latecomers are greatly disappointed. When the Americans and Soviets try to race home to salvage some sort of propaganda coup, they enter the wrong ships and each descend deep into the lunar dust. The American and Soviet spacemen have to hitch a ride with Kokintz and Vincent. They return to Grand Fenwick during a memorial ceremony . The diplomats immediately begin squabbling about who reached the Moon first.'] ['Carpathia, 1851: Elvira and her maidservant Zou Zou , on their way to a can-can revue in Paris, get kicked out of an inn for a slight monetary discrepancy. She is rescued by a local who takes her to stay at the castle in the hills high above the village. The fact that she happens to resemble the count\'s  former "missing" wife opens a can of worms for the two.'] ['Jimmy Connelly  is a milkman who is thrust into the spotlight after a brutal fighter, Pete Wright , gets injured. Under manager Herbie Bush , Jimmy must fight the middleweight champion of the world, Jose Mendez . It includes numerous references to Rocky. Within the lead up to the fight with Mendez, Jimmy has to take part in a press conference, in which Bush recommends him to give Mendez fighting talk. However, this leads to Jimmy being seen as a fascist and a disgrace to England after being seen as racist. After Jimmy realises the harm Bush has caused, he calls off the fight. As Bush and the training team look for Jimmy, they find him cleaning his old milk cart. In a negotiation to help the town in order to fight, Jimmy is persuaded to participate. In the locker room, minutes before the fight, as Jimmy and his crew walk backstage, Wright holds a shotgun to them, whilst the camera crew is also held hostage, filming the event. Wright leads them to a room were Jimmy is forced to fight Mendez, who is also held hostage. After getting substantially battered by Mendez, Jimmy manages to fight back, but then Wright smacks his head with the gun. Then Wright goes to shoot Mendez, leaving him praying for his life. Then Jimmy punches Wright, leaving him knocked out. With the film crew recording the event, Jimmy becomes a hero, not only in Britain, but his home town.'] ['The film begins with a parody of The Da Vinci Code. Lucy , finds that her adopted father , a museum curator, has been attacked by Silas ([[Kevin Hart . Before dying, he gives clues which lead her to a "Golden Ticket" in a vending machine candy bar. Edward  lives at a Mexican monastery. Ignacio  becomes enraged at Edward\'s displeasure at the living conditions and has him thrown out the window. On the way Edward grabs a Monk\'s "Golden Ticket." Next, the film introduces Susan . She is going to Namibia to meet her new adoptive parents. While she orders water, snakes come out and hijack the plane. Samuel L. Jackson  pops up and starts repeatedly saying "I have had it with these God damn snakes on this God damn plane!" and then throws Susan out of the plane so that she would be safe. Susan falls on Paris Hilton and finds her "Golden Ticket" in Paris\' purse. Then the film introduces Peter ([[Adam Campbell , a mutant. He asks Mystique  to come with him to the homecoming dance. Peter is bullied by Mystique\'s boyfriend, Wolverine  and the Headmaster, Magneto . As Magneto wills a locker door to open and knock Peter to the ground, another student\'s "Golden Ticket" falls onto Peter\'s chest. All four meet up at Willy\'s Chocolate Factory. Willy  reveals he plans to use them all as the \'special ingredient\' in the treats . In an effort to hide from the maniacal Willy, Lucy soon finds a wardrobe. On the other side, in the middle of a wintry forest, she finds Mr. Tumnus . He welcomes Lucy to Gnarnia. Feeling a burst of compassion, he manages to warn Lucy of the danger she is in. Edward follows Lucy to Gnarnia and meets the White Bitch . She convinces him to trap the other orphans and he can be the king of Gnarnia in her White Castle. All four main characters makes his or her way to Mr. Tumnus\' house, where the orphans discover that they are all related to one another, and that the White Bitch killed their parents. They ally themselves with Harry Beaver , Tumnus\' life partner. While this is occurring, Peter dreams that he is Superman, but in the dream he gets shot in the eye and falls off a building. Edward sneaks off to the White Bitch\'s castle. Despite realizing she intends evil, the White Bitch flashes Edward her breasts, hypnotizing him into giving up the information on the orphans; he is then imprisoned. The White Bitch sends Silas after the trio; Tumnus sacrifices himself to ensure their safety. They end up meeting a graying Harry Potter , along with a balding Ron Weasley , and a pregnant Hermione Granger  in Hogwarts. They all help Lucy, Susan, and Peter train for the war against the White Bitch. It\'s soon revealed she plans to create a new continent for her followers via a magic crystal; she acknowledges this is the same plot as Superman Returns. Edward escapes with the assistance of Captain Jack Swallows, only to find out later that it was a ruse as the Captain tricks needed intelligence out of Edward. Jack is then stabbed by the White Bitch as the crystal is lost in the ocean, putting the witch\'s plan in motion. Upon finishing their training, Lucy, Susan, and Peter, head to the camp of Aslo . Aslo agrees to help Edward in exchange for a foursome and a Dutch oven. Managing to kill Silas while breaking Edward out, Aslo is slain by the White Bitch. Despite this, they have a pre-battle party, during which Peter and Mystique  make love. Susan gets drunk and vomits everywhere; this so disgusts their new army that nobody shows up to help the orphans the next day. Despite the presence of a revenge-craving Jack on a giant wooden wheel, the four siblings are easily dispatched. Peter is about to be slain when he finds the remote from the movie Click, using the device\'s reality altering powers to save his siblings; they kill the army and erase the White Bitch\'s plot. Though the others attempt to kill her while frozen, Peter declares the White Bitch will receive a fair and just trial in the new Gnarnia. Moments later, Jack\'s wheel crushes her. The four are crowned the new rulers of the land: Peter the Heroic, Susan the Just, Edward the Loyal, and Lucy the Dumbshit. Tumnus then shows up; he is still recovering from his battle with Silas. Decades later, the four now elderly rulers find the way home and stumble through. They appear moments after they had left, now young again. Borat congratulates them on a happy ending; the four are then smashed to death by Jack\'s wheel, with Borat following with "NOT!" before smacking his rump at the audience.  The unrated, longer version  of the film features some scenes not shown in the theatrical version. For example, Willy Wonka comes in and says "I told you it was going to be an epic adventure". Willy Wonka then goes in the wardrobe and puts out a "do not disturb" sign that refers to the girl in the wardrobe. The Oompa-Loompas come in and start singing the Willy Wonka theme song. The four are then crushed by the wheel. Also, during the scene where Lucy is crushed under the junk that falls out of the "Narnia" closet, the girl who runs out is nude, as opposed to wearing a bikini. In the Snakes on a Plane scene, when the Samuel L. Jackson lookalike yells, he replaces "God damn" with "motherfuckin\'."'] ['The film follows the life of a young woman in the poor section of Marseille, France. She has to deal with many things, including a drunken father and harassing cliques. Many times she hallucinates the ghosts of dead friends.'] ['Best in Show is presented as a documentary of five dogs and their owners destined to show in the Mayflower Kennel Club Dog Show, held in Philadelphia. The documentary jumps among owners as they prepare to leave for the show, arrive at the hotel, and prepare backstage before their dog takes the show, as well as post-show. The owners and their dogs include: * Gerry and Cookie Fleck , with their Norwich Terrier Winky - :A middle-class couple from Florida, who run into monetary problems and are forced to sleep in the hotel\'s storage room when they finally arrive. Throughout the film, they encounter men whom Cookie slept with during her youth. * Meg and Hamilton Swan , with their Weimaraner Beatrice - :An upper-class, stereotypical yuppie couple from Chicago, they think they are taking great care of Beatrice , going as far as taking her to a therapist after she sees Meg and Hamilton have sex. At the show, the Swans believe that Beatrice will become unnerved without her favorite toy, the "Busy Bee", and frantically search for a replacement for it before the show. * Harlan Pepper  and his Bloodhound Hubert - :Pepper\'s family has raised a variety of hounds for generations, and Harlan continues the tradition by raising bloodhounds . * Sherri Ann and Leslie Ward Cabot  with their Standard Poodle Rhapsody in White  - :A two-time past winner of the show. Sherri Ann is a luscious big-breasted blonde; the elderly Leslie is her sugar daddy. Their relationship is reminiscent of the marriage between Anna Nicole Smith and J. Howard Marshall II. Sherri Ann is primarily worried about giving Rhapsody a makeover; however, trainer Christy Cummings  makes sure the dog is truly ready for the show, while Leslie remains utterly oblivious and apathetic. Over the course of the film, Sherri Ann and Leslie\'s fake couplehood crumples, while Sherri Ann and Christy\'s romantic involvement becomes apparent. * Scott Donlan and Stefan Vanderhoof  and their Shih Tzu Miss Agnes - :A campy gay couple, they take great pride in their dog, and are confident that she will win the competition. The owners and their dogs all arrive in time for the show, which is hosted by dog expert Trevor Beckwith , and oblivious "color" commentator Buck Laughlin . During the first round, Beatrice is disqualified when Hamilton cannot control her, but the other four dogs advance to the final round. Just before the finals, Cookie dislocates her knee and insists that Gerry take over for her. Though the audience is initially awed by seeing Gerry\'s "two left feet" , ultimately Winky takes Best in Show. Afterwards, the film explores what each character is doing after the competition. Gerry and Cookie returned home to Florida and were overcome with attention after the victory. They go on to record, in amusingly bad style, songs about terriers but discover to Gerry\'s frustration that the recording engineer is yet another of Cookie\'s ex-boyfriends . Sherri Ann and Christy have entered into a partnership  and publish a magazine for lesbian owners of purebred dogs, called American Bitch. Harlan fulfills his dreams and becomes a ventriloquist, entertaining sparse crowds with a honky tonk song and dance number. Stefan and Scott are in the process of designing a calendar featuring Shih Tzu dogs appearing in scenes, with appropriate costume, from famous classic films, such as Gone with the Wind and Casablanca  Hamilton and Meg Swan seem to have given Beatrice away, allowing them to enjoy a calmer, more loving partnership as well as a new dog  that they claim enjoys watching them make love.'] ["Police assistant Lance Boyle is a childish detective who is lumbered with worthless police cases. However, after several murders in a nearby wood that concern Killer Tomatoes, Lance finds himself working alongside Kennedy Johnson, a Tomatologist, to solve the murders. Nearby, Professor Gangreen  has begun using subliminal mind control on his talk show, disguised as talk show host Jeronahew. After kidnapping members of the Press and Media, Gangrene and his assistant Igor plot to use his brainwashed Press members, as well as the Subliminal Mind control, to overpower the human race and make the world a planet run by himself and his killer tomatoes. Following countless killer tomatoes attacks, Lance and Kennedy finally reach Gangrene's hideout, where they must pit themselves against killer tomatoes, brainwashed newsreaders and a giant Bacon, Lettuce and Human sandwich, of which Kennedy may be a part of. With help from FT,  Lance rescues Kennedy and Gangreen is defeated, left at the mercy of the hungry killer tomatoes."] ['Rudy Robles  is told by his mother to pick up his cousin Javier  at a factory before she leaves for Fresno. Robles arrives shortly before immigration officials raid the factory looking for illegals. Because he is carrying no identification, and his mother and sister are not available to verify he is a US citizen, Robles is deported with the illegals to Mexico. Ironically, Robles cannot speak more than very simple Spanglish, though he is fluent in German from having served in Germany in the United States Army. In Tijuana, Robles becomes friends with ex-con Jimmy ([[Daniel Stern  and a waitress named Dolores . Unable to contact with his mother, Robles makes repeated attempts to cross the border, all ending in failure. Jimmy offers to get him back to home for a price. Having left home without his wallet, Robles works for Jimmy as doorman at a strip club, earning extra money selling oranges and teaching two Central Americans and three others would be illegals to walk and talk like East Los Angeles natives. They become called the "Waas Sappening Boys" or "What\'s Happening Boys". Robles falls in love with Dolores and finally raises the money needed to be smuggled across the border. He goes on a date with Dolores and the next day, Robles bids farewell to Jimmy, receives a last kiss goodbye from Dolores and climbs into the Coyote\'s truck. He sees a woman pleading to be taken for free because her husband is already in the truck and their family is in the United States. Robles gives the woman his place. Robles stands for the last time on the hill of the Mexico – United States border while two Immigration Officers sit in their truck watching in laughter. The song "America" by Neil Diamond is heard as hundreds appear and race forward to reach the American Dream. The Immigration Officers hide in their truck. Rudy, Dolores, and their "Waas Up" friends walk with their heads up high into the United States. At the end as the titles roll, the song version of "Born in East L.A." plays.'] ['{{plot}} In 1943, during Operation Husky, when asked by General Bolt  about the little Italian village called Valerno, his hitherto adjutant Captain Lionel Cash  insists on attacking and immediately finds himself in command of Charlie Company to carry out the operation. The war-weary company, led by Lieutenant Christian  and Italian-American Sergeant Rizzo , is not overly fond of another mission. The company proceeds cautiously towards its assigned target only to find the supposed-to-be enemies holding a soccer match. Capitano Fausto Oppo , the Italian officer in command, is all too willing to surrender but for one condition: the annual village wine festival scheduled tonight must be held. No festival, no surrender, basta! Persuaded by Lt. Christian, the inexperienced Capt, Cash reluctantly gives in. To disguise the delay, Christian sends a wire to the brass detailing "minor resistance". The fiesta is a great success lasting well into the night. The next morning, Headquarters requires an urgent report of what\'s going on. Capt. Cash is out of action due to wine and woman (the mayor\'s pretty daughter Gina , so Lt. Christian takes command, discovering that many of his men have exchanged uniforms with Italian soldiers during a drunken game of strip poker. PR Office Major Potts  shows up to check on the reported "minor resistance." To prevent the truth from getting out, Potts is taken hostage by the "Italian soldiers" and locked up. He is accidentally rescued by two bumbling bank robbers, who spend the entire film digging underground looking for the bank vault. He then falls into the catacombs under town, where he gets lost and goes insane. Potts being missing, and Oppo having discovered Gina  in Cash\'s bed, all hell breaks loose. The surrender is called off, and a massive fistfight breaks out just as an American reconnaissance plane flies overhead. The personal fight is mistaken for actual hand-to-hand combat, so Cash and Oppo receive wires from their superiors to continue fighting, as sending back-up is impossible. Everyone is stuck now, so the Italians and Americans must work together to stage a battle whenever a plane flies overhead, using blank ammunition. This state of affairs goes on for three days until the Nazis fly over, see what\'s going on, and decide to help out their Italian allies. The Germans, led by Colonel Kastorp  assault the town, discover Oppo and his men fraternizing with the enemy, and arrest everyone. Potts, still insanely wandering the catacombs wearing gladiator armour, pounds the ceiling with a trident, breaking a hole in the prison floor that sends Cash plummeting to the ground. Cash, Christian and Oppo devise a plan to slip out of town and get help, which necessitates Cash dressing up as a woman, fending off the advances of an amorous German officer, and then pretending to be Colonel Kastorp, who has been accidentally killed by some local Communists. He discovers that the Germans are planning to shoot all the prisoners, which by now include the townspeople. This leads to a wild change of plans as the Americans sneak out of the prison, attack German soldiers and steal their uniforms, returning their unconscious bodies, dressed in THEIR uniforms, as prisoners. At dawn, just as the execution is about to begin, the Americans surprise the Nazis, holding them hostage and taking the town for America. General Bolt personally rides into town to congratulate Cash, now promoted to Major as the "hero of Valerno," only to learn that the Italians are hiding and will not come out unless they are given another festival. There the story ends, Cash and Christian entertaining the general with wine  while enjoying one last day in Valerno.'] ['In 1849, Huckleberry Hound rides west on his "faithful horsie" hoping to start up a country farm. His journey takes him to the small town of Two-Bit, California, where the Dalton Gang are terrorising the townsfolk. As Huck approaches the town, the Daltons race past him and take his possessions. Entering the saloon, Huck tries to buy a drink with a large gold nugget. Seeing this, the Daltons coerce Huck into playing poker. The stakes are Huck\'s gold for the return of his stolen possessions. Huck accuses them of cheating, so they challenge him to a fight in a boxing ring. Huck finally wins. Huck goes to deposit his nugget in Quick Draw McGraw and Baba\'s bank, where he wins a prize of his choice. Being partial to its blue ink, Huck selects the fountain pen. Shortly the Daltons rob the bank, stealing Huck\'s nugget and pen. Soon an emergency town meeting is taking place to discuss what to do about the Daltons, now that Stinky has broken out of jail. Fearing for his life, Hokey quickly decides to appoint Huckleberry as the new sheriff. Sheriff Huck goes after the three Dalton Brothers and, after a number of confrontations and receiving injuries, he successfully jails them. After a celebration, Huck is ushered to run from Stinky, but he decides to face him anyway, while townsfolk flee for Tahiti. Stinky arrives on schedule and tries unsuccessfully to kill Huck. Stinky decides to get help by breaking his brothers out of jail by disguising himself as their grandmother. The Daltons start their revenge against Huck, which on first attempt, Huck is able to evade but after a long chase to the ends of the earth, they launch Huck on a rocket and he is presumably blown up in the sky. With Huck out of the way, the Daltons are free to go on a crime spree, becoming the richest outlaws in the west and rename Two-Bit as Daltonville. The Two-Bit townsfolk return to find this sight that greets them and learn what happened to Huck, before they are thrown out of town by the Daltons on a freight train, knowing that they\'ve only themselves to blame for what\'s happened to their town and to Huckleberry. Meanwhile, at a campsite of a tribe of Native American hounds, the chief\'s daughter Desert Flower discovers the crashed rocket and Huck; still alive. Huck awakens, but has amnesia. Desert Flower calls him \'the mysterious blue hombre with amnesia\'. The two of them quickly fall in love. Huck proposes to Desert Flower, but first Huck has to undergo a two-part initiation test to join the tribe for the chief\'s approval. He passes the first test, but fails the second test. Before Huck is forced to pay the "penalty", Desert Flower falls in the river and is swept toward a waterfall. Acting quickly, Huck jumps in and rescues her. Grateful and impressed, the chief gives his blessing for the two of them to marry. The wedding ceremony is interrupted by Huck\'s horse, who\'s finally found his master. The horse restores Huck\'s memory urges him to take care of "unfinished business" with the Daltons. Promising to return and marry Desert Flower, Huck rides off on his faithful horsie Bob. He finds the Two-Bit townsfolk at their own unsuccessful circus and urges them to help him defeat the Daltons. Back in Daltonville, as the Daltons are enjoying their success, they are shown a movie film made by Huck and the others saying that the ghost of Huckleberry Hound is coming back to Daltonville on a midnight ghost train. The Daltons are scared, but Stinky refuses to be intimidated. Wearing his disguise, Huck arrives in Daltonville in a green painted train rigged with special effects. Huck succeeds in terrifying the Daltons, even Stinky. The Daltons give in and but then they refuse to be brought to jail.The Two-Bit townsfolk, chase after them, and the Daltons run into what they think is their secret hideout, but is actually the state prison in disguise. Huck is awarded on capturing the Daltons, his friends also credited and they all go home to enjoy their victories, especially Huck married with Desert Flower.'] ['On the opening night of Princess Ida at the Savoy Theatre in January 1884, composer Arthur Sullivan , who is ill from kidney disease, is barely able to make it to the theatre to conduct. He goes on a holiday to Continental Europe hoping that the rest will improve his health. While he is away, ticket sales and audiences at the Savoy Theatre wilt in the hot summer weather. Producer Richard D\'Oyly Carte  has called on Sullivan and the playwright W. S. Gilbert  to create a new piece for the Savoy, but it is not ready when Ida closes. Until a new piece can be prepared, Carte revives an earlier Gilbert and Sullivan work, The Sorcerer. Gilbert\'s idea for their next opera features a transformative magic potion, which Sullivan feels is too similar to the magic lozenge and other magic talismans used in previous operasGilbert and Sullivan\'s The Sorcerer  involved a magic love potion, and several of Gilbert\'s other works involved various magic devices that transform the possessor. See, e.g., Dulcamara, or the Little Duck and the Great Quack . and appears mechanical in its reliance on a supernatural device. Sullivan, under pressure to write more serious music, says he longs for something that is "probable" and involves "human interest", and is not dependent on magic. Gilbert sees nothing wrong with his libretto and refuses to write a new one, which results in a standoff. The impasse is resolved after Gilbert and his wife visit a popular exhibition of Japanese arts and crafts in Knightsbridge, London. When the katana sword he purchases there falls noisily off the wall of his study, he is inspired to write a libretto set in exotic Japan. Sullivan likes the idea and agrees to compose the music for it. Gilbert, Sullivan and Carte work to make The Mikado a success, and many glimpses of rehearsals and stressful backstage preparations for the show follow: Cast members lunch together before negotiating their salaries. Gilbert brings in Japanese girls from the exhibition to teach the ladies\' chorus how to walk and use fans in the Japanese manner. The principal cast react to the fittings of their costumes designed by C. Wilhelm. The entire cast object to the proposed cut of the title character\'s Act Two solo, "A more humane Mikado". The actors face first-night jitters in their dressing rooms. Finally The Mikado is ready to open. As usual, Gilbert is too nervous to watch the opening performance and paces the streets of London. Returning to the theatre, however, he finds that the new opera is a resounding success.'] ['An 18-year-old girl named Drew Decker  receives a threatening phone call while home alone one night. In an opening which closely mirrors Scream, Drew is chased outside by Ghostface, who then rips off her sweater and skirt, leaving her clothed in her white bra and thong. Drew runs through her garden sprinklers but she is then stabbed in the breast by Ghostface, removing one of her silicone breast implants, hit by a car driven by her father , and then killed by Ghostface. The next day, Cindy Campbell , meets up with her boyfriend Bobby Prinze  and her friends, Brenda Meeks , Ray Wilkins , Greg Phillipe , and Buffy Gilmore . Various news teams - including hack reporter Gail Hailstorm  - converge on the school in the wake of Drew\'s brutal death. Gail hooks up with Buffy\'s mentally disabled brother Doofy ([[Dave Sheridan , hoping to milk the facts out of him. One day, while Cindy is in class, someone mysteriously leaves a note saying I KNOW WHAT YOU DID LAST HALLOWEEN. Cindy then realizes that Drew\'s murder occurred exactly one year after she and her friends accidentally killed a man during a wild car ride . Unwilling to face incarceration, the next day a series of increasingly bizarre events take place. Various members of the group receive threatening notes from Ghostface and are rapidly dispatched, but most remain steadfastly oblivious to the rising body count. The killer then attacks Cindy in her house. She tries to call the police but the killer escapes. Bobby arrives at her house but Ghostface  drops the knife and gloves which leads Cindy to thinking that Bobby is the killer the police arrest him . Greg is killed by Ghostface in plain view. Buffy tries to get help, but Buffy is at a beauty pageant and her talent was acting so they thought the cries were part of her act. Buffy, high on the success brought by the murder, becomes Ghostface\'s next victim. During the murder, Buffy thinks it\'s a game, so she does every cliche done by a white female in a horror film. Ghostface decapitates her . Later, Ghostface sticks his penis through Ray\'s head, seemingly killing him. Ghostface then attempts to dispose of Brenda during a showing of Shakespeare in Love, but the moviegoers, fed up with Brenda\'s constant loud interruptions during the movie, stab her repeatedly, seemingly killing her. Cindy throws a house party, hoping for safety in numbers. During the party, Bobby and Cindy go up stairs and have sex, no longer making Cindy a virgin. Ghostface unexpectedly appears and stabs Bobby, before disappearing quickly. Cindy gets a gun from a drawer near the entrance, Bobby follows and she tends to his wounds. Shorty , Brenda\'s stoner brother, comes up from the basement and informs them that the killer has murdered everybody in the house. Bobby takes the gun and shoots Shorty, revealing that his wound was an elaborate ruse. Ray then arrives on the scene - whereupon Bobby reveals to Cindy that he is now gay, and so is Ray - though Ray immediately denies it, despite his repeated homosexual advances and tendencies displayed throughout the movie. They announce their plan to kill her father and frame her sister. Bobby says he did it because Cindy never had sex with him and Bobby gleefully points out that even though their plan lacks sense it doesn\'t matter, since horror movies are not noted for their logic, they also say that are just copying the killer and are not the actual killers . Ray and Bobby also came up with a plan to make themselves look like heroes by giving each other stab wounds to indicate they fought her. But, Ray stabs Bobby repeatedly and nearly kills him revealing Ray\'s motive was because his favorite show The Wayans Bros.  had been cancelled. However, the real Ghostface abruptly turns up and stabs Ray, who collapses on top of Bobby in the Doggy style position. The killer then attacks Cindy, but she successfully subdues him by employing moves copied from The Matrix and kicks him through a window. Nonetheless, Ghostface vanishes before the police arrive. At the police station, Cindy and the local sheriff  realise that  Doofy - the only one who knew about the car accident - was actually faking his disability and is the true killer . Unfortunately, Doofy has already escaped with Gail Hailstorm. Upon finding his discarded disguise in the street, Cindy begins screaming "Noooooo" to the heavens - and gets run over by a car, presumably killing her  hence in reality the car crash only seriously injures  her. As the credits roll, Shorty - parodying the rules of a trilogy in Scream 3 - explains via videocassette that he may be in prison or deceased, but provides rules for surviving such a situation... which turn out to be instructions for surviving a snatch-and-run.'] ['Like The Godfather: Part II, the narrative of Mafia! consists of a series of flashbacks interwoven with the main plot. Tony is the son of a prominent Mafia don, Vincenzo Armani Windbreaker Cortino. As the film opens, Tony introduces the main thread when he exits a Vegas casino and walks to his car, accompanied by a voiceover explaining his philosophy of life. When he starts the car, it explodes. The story then regresses more than half a century to describe the boyhood of Tony\'s father, Vincenzo, who was born in Italy, the clumsy son of a Sicilian postman. One day, while making a delivery for his father, Vincenzo trips and the parcel bursts open, revealing a strange white powder. The parcel\'s recipient, concluding that the delivery boy has seen too much, tracks Vincenzo to a street fair, where he kills his father; the boy, however, escapes to America, where he grows to young manhood, marries, and struggles with poverty before finally finding his destiny as a mafia boss. The film then visits the recent past; Tony has just returned from the Korean War and is bringing his idealistic Protestant girlfriend, Diane, to meet his family and friends at his big brother Joey\'s wedding reception . During the festivities, however, Vincenzo is shot 47 times in an attempted hit and nearly dies. Tony announces his intention to kill Gorgoni, a drug lord with whom Vincenzo had refused to do business before the attack. Diane leaves him, saying he\'s abandoned the peaceful ideals of his youth, and adding that she\'ll never be anything to his Sicilian family but "that Protestant chick who never killed anyone." Tony avenges the attack, then goes into hiding in Las Vegas, where Cesar Marzoni offers him the opportunity to manage his casino, The Peppermill; Tony accepts and his casino is a great success until he meets a femme fatale, Pepper Gianini, hired by Marzoni as part of a deep-laid plan to distract him from his duties and to drive a wedge between him and Joey. Vincenzo recovers from his 47 gunshot wounds and visits Las Vegas, where he officially names Tony his successor; Joey, furious at being passed over, is told "You get Wisconsin." The Don then returns home, where he falls victim to his 5-year-old grandson, Chucky, who assassinates him by spraying him with malathion . The film returns to the present after Tony catches Joey and Pepper cavorting in a hotel room together and walks out in disgust - only to have his car explode. Tony is horribly but temporarily disfigured, and attends his father\'s funeral in a wheelchair, where he spots the killers when he sees little Chucky taking a payoff. However, he decides to postpone vengeance until he can win back Diane\'s love and put his life in order. Diane has by this time become President of the United States, and is on the brink of declaring total world disarmament when Tony goes looking for her. He persuades her to put world peace on the back burner until after their wedding. During the ceremony, with the help of Vincenzo\'s mother , several henchmen, and an Eskimo, he settles the family\'s accounts in an orgy of slaughter , even arranging the harpooning of Barney the purple dinosaur as a bonus.'] ['The film opens with a trio of Dungeons & Dragons characters facing the final villain. However, they are quickly killed and the players blame the game master, Lodge, claiming he did not follow the rules and plotted against them. While Leo and Gary wish to play a different game the following week, Cass demands to play the same campaign again, even though they just played it for the second time, to preserve his reputation that there is no game he cannot win. Lodge wishes to publish his campaign as an official Dungeons & Dragons game module, but he is having trouble writing it: he knows how he wants it to end, but his players never actually finish the module. Gary suggests that for the next game they bring in two more players, in order to have a more well-rounded party. Cass is able to recruit his ex-girlfriend Joanna. However, Lodge is unable to find anyone  and resolves to be the fifth player . The campaign begins when the characters Luster , Flynn the Fine , and Daphne  are summoned before King Erasmus the Randomly Biased. The evil necromancer Mort Kemnon has discovered an artifact known as the Mask of Death and wishes to use this to overthrow the kingdom. As they go on their way, they are summoned before the Hierophant of the Order of Therin who sends two members of his order to accompany the party, Brother Silence  and Sir Osric  -- the latter of whom the other players  take an instant dislike to, as Lodge created Osric just to keep the story on track. On their way, the group runs into a large party of goblins. The men\'s overconfidence is shattered when Joanna singlehandedly wipes out the entire party of goblins, even though the men thought that she created a poor character . Resting at an inn near Westhaven, the group faces Mort Agrippa and defeat him. They head out for Westhaven and decide to stop playing for the night. Lodge explains to Joanna the reasons why he keeps the other players on such a short leash: if he does not, they will kill, plunder, and impregnate the fantasy world. The following week, the players continue the campaign by facing Drazuul in the town of Westhaven. Due to his character\'s weak traits, Leo goes through multiple copies of the character until the players are able to cleverly defeat Drazuul by hiding behind "the mound of dead bards". Torturing Drazuul with holy water, they learn of Mort Kemnon\'s location. Making their way through an abandoned mineshaft, they find a henchman from the previous campaign and take all the equipment. The battle goes poorly for the players, until Lodge\'s cat messes up the floor-tiles and Cass distracts Lodge while they place their characters in more preferable positions. After a lengthy battle with Kemnon , Kemnon is defeated and cryptically implies there is another enemy. It is revealed to be the Hierophant, who intends to use the Mask to rekindle the Light of Therin. The group then realizes that the "Heart of Therin", the church\'s most sacred relic, is actually a prison housing the deity. During a battle with the Hierophant, Leo finally proves to be of use as he awakens Therin from her prison, allowing Daphne to release her . Afterwards, Daphne is offered an unlimited wish by Therin. After the other players recommend she wishes herself immortal, she uses it to resurrect Osric, much to the extreme disapproval of Cass, who insults her and storms out. The other three continue playing, and Therin provides rewards for each: Flynn becomes a herald, Luster is stripped of her powers and becomes a cleric, and Osric becomes Lord High Marshal of the Paladins. The campaign ends, and with positive comments from Gary and Leo, Lodge is inspired enough to write his module and has it published. Sometime later, Cass apologizes for his behavior and the group begins another adventure. Lodge wants to send his group through the adventure module that another group was playing in the first Gamers film, but upon mentioning \'The Shadow\', Mark—the lone survivor of that campaign—screams in fear and runs from the gaming store. As the new campaign begins with the Mask of Death having been stolen, the film ends showing the henchman still alone in the mine.'] ["Leonard Hoffman is a Los Angeles insurance agent with a problem on his hands. He has teenaged triplets who are all gifted musicians, but wife Arlene insists that the kids attend college at Yale, requiring more than $40,000 in tuition, rather than less expensive schools like nearby UCLA. This situation is on Leonard's mind when he pays a business call to the Beverly Hills mansion of Steve and Blanche Rickey. He is met by a flirtatious and scantily clad Blanche, who explains a problem of her own -- Steve is dying, with less than a week to live, but accidentally let his life-insurance policy lapse. A scheme is hatched involving a policy with a double-indemnity clause. Steve has to die in an unexpected fashion for this to happen, but he may or may not cooperate."] ["Carry On Jack is the tale of Albert Poop-Decker, a newly commissioned Midshipman. The story starts with the death of Nelson ([[Jimmy Thompson  who has said that Britain needs a bigger navy with more men. Anton Rodgers played Hardy. Poop-Decker  has taken 8½ years and still not qualified as midshipman but is promoted by the First Sea Lord  as England needs officers. He is to join the frigate Venus at Plymouth. Arriving to find the crew all celebrating as they are sailing tomorrow, he takes a sedan chair with no bottom  to Dirty Dick's Tavern. Jim Dale and Ian Wilson who plays his father carry the sedan chair. Mobbed by women in the tavern as he is holding a sovereign aloft , he is rescued by serving maid, Sally . She wants to go to sea to find boyfriend Roger but landlord Ned ([[George Woodbridge  has let her down. She finds that Poop-Decker has not reported to the ship yet and is unknown to them so in a room upstairs, she knocks him out and takes his midshipman's uniform. Poop-Decker wakes and dons a dress to cover his long johns and downstairs is shanghaied by a press gang, along with a cess pit cleaner named Walter Sweetly ([[Charles Hawtrey , run by First Officer, Lieutenant Jonathan Howett  and his bosun, Mr Angel ([[Percy Herbert . They come to when at sea and are introduced to Captain Fearless  who is anything but fearless. Poop-Decker makes himself known but there is already a Midshipman Poop-Decker aboard - Sally, in disguise. Poop-Decker as a hopeless seamen then goes on to continually upset Howett by doing the wrong thing. Sally reveals her true identity to Poop-Decker after he has been punished and he decides to let things continue as they are. After 3 months at sea and no action, the crew are very restless  and when they finally see a Spanish ship, the Captain has them sail away from it. Howett and Angel plot and in the night hours, they make it look like the ship has been boarded by the enemy, with Howett and Angel dead or dying. Poop-Decker, Sweetly and Sally help the Captain into a boat, especially put there for this reason, along with the Captain's cow and they leave the ship. Leaving his cabin, the Captain gets a splinter in his foot, which later goes gangrenous. When they reach dry land, Captain Fearless reckons they need only to walk a short distance to reach Calais. Sally and Poop-Decker spot a party of civilians, speaking Spanish, and steal their clothes while they are bathing. Now in charge of the ship, Howett and Angel sail for Cadiz and plan on taking it from Don Luis , the Spanish Governor. They do so but their plot is ruined by the four they have set adrift who recapture the Venus. Sailing back to England, they encounter a pirate ship. The Captain  turns out to be the Roger that Sally was searching for but she no longer wants anything to do with him. The old pirate ship is sunk as Venus is a much better ship. Patch and Hook  try to make them walk the plank but Poop-Decker manages to escape and by luck cuts down a sail which covers the pirates, so capturing them. In Cadiz, the former crew of the Venus are taken to be shot but escape with five empty Spanish Men of War in the harbour, to take back to England for prize money and glory. They are within sight of England when they encounter the Venus. Below decks, the other three are working on cutting off Fearless's badly infected leg, to save his life. A fire gets out of control on deck and burns a sail which sets off the primed cannons, hitting all five Spanish ships and blowing them up or driving them onto the rocks where they are wrecked. The four end up at the Admiralty as heroes. Fearless is promoted to Admiral and given a desk job. Poop-Decker and Sweetly are given the rank of honorary Captains, with pensions, but Poop-Decker reveals that he is going to leave the service to marry Sally."] ['The film opens with two short sequences before the main story line begins, first a prologue, and then a mock television advertisement. In the prologue, a seemingly helpless young woman is pursued by Jason Voorhees, Leatherface, and Freddy Krueger; she is then chased into a cave where she reappearing after a few seconds later with an item from each of the three. She then faces the camera and laughs  and says, "Amateurs!" The advertisement sequence is for a "mortuary, crematory, cemetery" called "Death City" where a salesman tries selling viewers "new and used coffins, with the help of his assistant Lovely Rita." {{Col-begin}}{{Col-3}}{{Col-3}}{{Col-end}} Dexter Ward Steve Altman\'s actor listing on IMDB.com enters a \'Death City\' location, and is greeted by two morticians, one of which is noted science fiction anthologist Forrest J. Ackerman in a cameo appearance, who is holding a copy of Famous Monsters of Filmland.<ref name Palmer | first  Paul Blaisdell, Monster Maker: A Biography of the B Movie Makeup and Special Effects Artist. | publisher  246 | year  0-7864-4099-6}} but Dexter and Marissa  stops him, while Dexter is freed and destroys the book. The possessed Marissa blasts Byron with a lightning bolt, but as he burns to death he declares that he\'ll be back in the sequel. Marinas, who was suffering from a cataleptic seizure and was not dead, tells Marissa that she must stay in the castle to ensure that the monster never returns; Helsing, who is now a vampire, also stays. Dexter arranges for Marissa to make her latest music video in the castle, with the help of her vampire cousins and Helsing. The film ends with the local villagers, who throughout the movie have been trying to find the castle so they can destroy it, finally give up and go home.'] ['{{Expand section}} Guided by a holographic mentor, three aliens take the form of beautiful American women in order to stop an intergalactic terrorist , from destroying Earth.'] ['It focused on a black television producer , who works for a major network, and the troubles she faces in her environment, mainly painting a positive portrayal of African-Americans in the media.'] ["Stella Johnson  is a beautiful widowed single mother who lives in the town of Harper Valley, Ohio. She sells cosmetics door-to-door. Her fourteen year old daughter is named Dee . Dee brings her mother a letter from the school's Parent Teacher Association board, which is led by the pompous and snobbish Flora Simpson Reilly . The letter denounces her for her not following the societal mores of the day and community and further stating that if she didn't change her ways more to their liking, Dee would be punished for her mother's sins by being expelled from school. Infuriated by the board's supposed superiority and glaring hypocrisy, Stella storms to the PTA meeting and proceeds to tell most of the PTA members off by exposing their hidden skeletons for the town to see. After her house is TP'ed, and a rock is thrown through her window in retaliation for what she did, Stella prepares to get even with those who would want her driven out of town. She teams up with her friends, beautician Alice Finley  and bartender Herbie Maddox  who, along with Dee's help, wreak hilarious and justified revenge on those PTA members who hated Stella.  During the course of the movie, she finds out that one of the male PTA members, wealthy Willis Newton , has fallen in love with her. Will, and another male on the PTA board, Skeeter Duggan , the town's Notary public, do not agree with Flora and her friends and are sympathetic to Stella. With Will's help, Stella goes ahead and makes a run for President of the PTA, which infuriates Flora and her allies. After one of their own, real estate agent Kirby Baker , is arrested for assaulting Myrna Wong , an Asian-American friend of Stella's, after he attempts to run Stella out of town by means of a foreclosure, things become more and more desperate. They finally decide to resort to criminal means to maintain the power they hold in town. The board members then decide to go and hire a couple of kidnappers named Dutch and Tex  to have Skeeter abducted so they can commit election fraud. The kidnappers snatch Skeeter as he is taking the trash out, and lock him in a monastery, where he is locked up and made drunk on wine. Eventually, Stella and Alice, disguised as nuns, find him, and free him. After a makeover, which sees her braces removed and her hair styled, Dee also finds a boyfriend in handsome Carlyle  a popular school track star, which incurs the jealousy of Bettina Reilly , the equally snobbish granddaughter of Flora. Also shown are Edwina, Bettina's twin sister  and Dee's best friend, Mavis , who, herself, becomes a target of the PTA's cruelty by being falsely accused of stealing money by Olive Glover , the PTA's corrupt recording secretary. Olive, who has a hardcore gambling addiction, has actually stolen money from the Milk Fund Rally, and intends to having Mavis framed for the crime and arrested. Ultimately, Flora's scheme to discredit Stella fails. Olive is arrested for embezzlement. Dutch and Tex, already in custody for the Skeeter Duggan kidnapping, tell the police that Flora is behind it all to keep Stella off the PTA board. Stella wins the election and becomes the new PTA president, with the whole town voting to get rid of Flora and her snobbish friends. Will and Stella fly off in his helicopter and marry."] ["When printer John R. Hodges  is forced to retire at age 65 because of a company policy, he decides to do something about it. Dyeing his hair black, he poses as Harold P. Cleveland, the president of his former employer's parent company and goes on an inspection tour of his old workplace, with the firm's nervous, mystified executives in tow. While walking around the plant, Hodges runs into Joe Elliott , the boyfriend of his granddaughter Alice , and winks at him to let him in on the joke. Afterward, Hodges complains about the lack of experienced older employees, causing company president Louis McKinley  to promise to rescind the retirement policy and rehire all those affected by it within the past year. However, before he can depart, Hodges finds that McKinley has arranged for him to address the local Chamber of Commerce. Hodges is up to the challenge, delivering a rousing speech about the virtues of the older worker. He receive a standing ovation, the newspapers praise him, and even the stock market rises on the optimism generated. Hodges is taken to dinner by McKinley and his neglected wife Lucille . McKinley, it turns out, is more interested in his curvaceous private secretary Harriet . Hodges has a wonderful time, dancing the night away with Lucille. Swept away by his compliments and attention, she fancies herself in love with him. Later that night, she tells her dumbfounded husband that she wants a divorce. Meanwhile, Joe is unable to convince anybody that Cleveland is actually an impostor. Frank Erickson , his rival for a promotion, and the entire Hodges family - son George , daughter-in-law Della , and Alice - all think Joe is crazy. However, when Hodges returns home with his dyed hair, Joe is vindicated. Since Hodges will be exposed anyway, Della proposes that Joe turn him in so that he can get the promotion, but Joe refuses to do it. The next day, Erickson finally believes Joe and tries to warn their mutual boss Horace Gallagher , but Gallagher thinks Erickson is mentally unstable and gives the promotion to Joe. This enables Joe to finally propose to Alice. Meanwhile, the real Harold Cleveland  is in an awkward position. The speech has done wonders for his and his company's image and even raised the price of the company's stock, but he is unsure of his impostor's motives. When McKinley discovers Hodges' identity and informs Cleveland, he decides to pay him a visit. Lucille gets there first, but Hodges tells her he will not come between a man and his wife, and that he suspects she is still in love with her husband. McKinley barges in and apologizes to his wife; the happy couple kiss and make up. When Cleveland meets Hodges, he is reassured that the old man has no sinister intentions. Cleveland is so impressed that he offers Hodges a job advising him on public relations, but gets turned down."] ['Huckleberry Bass , an American fur trapper, is making his way back home with a full cargo of hides when he encounters a group of Kiowa Indians led by Two Crows , who insist on taking his furs. As "payment" they offer him a slave, Joseph Lee , who they had previously taken from a group of Comanches. Reluctantly, realising he cannot fight them, Bass agrees to the trade. Bass is slightly bemused by his new companion, who is a well-educated and refined house slave, unused to the ways of the West. Bass orders him to help him recover the furs from the Kiowa. Lee only agrees to help if Bass agrees to take him to Mexico where slavery is outlawed. Bass is not amused, but the two strike up a friendly relationship, with Bass teaching Lee how to catch food in the West. As Lee and Bass come upon the Kiowa, they watch them being ambushed by a group of scalphunters, white Americans and Mexicans who were offered a bounty by the government for each Native scalp they brought in. These scalphunters, led by Jim Howie , kill the Kiowa and also steal the furs which Bass had hoped to recover. He and Lee are forced to track the party, hoping to take back the furs. Unfortunately, while spying on them, Lee tips over a cliff and is captured by the scalphunters, who decide they can sell him for $1500 in Galveston, Texas. As they travel southwards, Jim Howie\'s girlfriend, Kate , reveals to Lee that they are heading for Mexico. He begins to win her favor, by doing her hair and telling her fortune, hoping she will persuade Howie to take him with them across the border, rather than sell him. Bass meanwhile has been following closely on their trail, and at one point he pins them down with sniper fire, forcing them to let loose the packhorse carrying the furs. He is ambushed, however, and the scalphunters recover the furs and proceed on their way. Approaching their camp at night, Bass tries to persuade Lee to help him, but the slave is now set on going to Mexico and refuses him assistance. Bass kills several of the scalphunters, by intentionally starting a rock avalanche in the mountains near where they are situated. After again failing to secure the furs, Bass contaminates the water of a nearby creek with a toxin that causes the scalphunters\' horses to run and buck wildly as they drink the water. Now thoroughly fed up, and wanting to make it to Mexico in safety, they send Lee as a courier to Bass telling him he can keep the furs. A wary Bass comes down to collect the lone packhorse, and is ambushed by Howie who had always intended to break the deal. In an ensuing struggle Howie is shot dead by Lee. The bickering Bass and Lee then break into a long fight, in which neither can defeat the other. Meanwhile, a group of Kiowa attack and overrun the scalphunters. Two Crows, who had survived an earlier massacre, has fetched reinforcements. He takes back the furs, per their earlier deal. The story ends with Bass and Lee, now friends, preparing to follow the Kiowa to take back the furs.'] ["The people of Harford Road are firmly divided into two camps; neuters, the puritanical residents who despise anything even remotely carnal, and the perverts, a group of sex addicts whose unique fetishes have all been brought to the fore by accidental concussions. Repressed Sylvia Stickles  finds herself firmly entrenched in the former camp until one day when, after leaving her promiscuous daughter Caprice  - nicknamed Ursula Udders because of her gargantuan breasts and penchant for indecent exposure - under house arrest 'for her own good', she is smacked on the head by a passing car and meets Ray-Ray Perkins , a local mechanic and self-styled 'sex saint' who opens her mind to a whole new world of sensual pleasure, as he and his followers search for the ultimate sex act. Eventually, through a series of bizarre head knockings, everyone in town becomes a sex addict, as Ray-Ray shoots semen out of his head, onto the camera."] ['{{plot}} The film opens with Larry Talbot  making an urgent call from London to a Florida railway station where Chick Young  and Wilbur Grey  work as baggage-clerks. Talbot tries to impart to Wilbur the danger of a shipment to the "McDougal House Of Horrors"  which purportedly contain the actual bodies of Count Dracula  and the Frankenstein Monster . However, before he is able, a full moon rises and Talbot becomes The Wolf Man and the call disconnects. Wilbur, thinking the call is just a crank, continues on with his work day. Immediately thereafter, the actual Mr. McDougal  shows up to claim the shipments and, fearing them damaged whenever Wilbur and Chick mishandle them, demands that the crates be delivered in person so his insurance agent can inspect them. When Chick and Wilbur get to McDougal\'s "House Of Horrors", they open the first crate and find a coffin with "Dracula" inscribed on the front. When Chick leaves to retrieve the second crate, Wilbur witnesses Dracula awaken and tries to get Chick\'s attention. But when Chick returns with the second crate, Dracula hides just in time to go unnoticed. After Chick leaves again to greet McDougal and the insurance agent, Dracula hypnotizes Wilbur and re-animates Frankenstein\'s Monster. McDougal and the insurance agent  arrive again too late to witness anything. Finding the storage crates empty, McDougal accuses the boys of theft and has them arrested. That night, Dr. Sandra Mornay  receives Dracula and the Monster at her island castle. Sandra, a gifted surgeon who has studied Dr. Frankenstein\'s notebooks, has been posing as Wilbur\'s girlfriend as part of Dracula\'s scheme to replace the Monster\'s brutish brain with a more pliable one — Wilbur\'s. Wilbur and Chick are bailed out of jail and mistakenly believe Sandra to be their benefactor. It is actually Joan Raymond , who is secretly working for the insurance company that is processing McDougal\'s claim, and hopes Wilbur will lead her to the missing "exhibits". Meanwhile, Larry Talbot has taken the apartment across the hall from Wilbur and Chick. He has tracked Dracula and the Monster from Europe and knows them to be alive. Talbot asks Chick and Wilbur to help him find and destroy Dracula and the Monster. The next day, Joan Raymond comes to Chick and Wilbur\'s apartment and feigns love for Wilbur. Wilbur, not expecting the favor but embracing it, invites Joan to the masquerade ball that evening. That night, Wilbur, Chick and Joan go to Sandra\'s castle to pick her up for the ball. While the ladies powder their noses, Wilbur answers a telephone call from someone wanting to speak to a \'Dr Leighos\'. It is Talbot, who informs them that they are in fact in the "House of Dracula". Wilbur reluctantly agrees to search the castle with Chick, and soon stumbles upon an underground passageway, complete with boat and dock. Chick insists they search for Dracula and the Monster in an attempt to prove to Wilbur that they do not really exist. Wilbur experiences a few close calls when he is confronted by the monsters and every time he tries to show them to Chuck they have disappeared. Meanwhile, Joan has discovered Dr. Frankenstein\'s notebook in Sandra\'s bureau and Sandra has discovered Joan\'s insurance company employee I.D. in her purse. After the women re-join the men, a suavely dressed Dr. Leighos,  descends the castle stairs and introduces himself to Joan and the boys. Also working at the castle is the naive Prof. Stevens , who questions some of the specialized equipment that has arrived. After Wilbur admits that he was in the basement, Sandra feigns a headache and tells Wilbur and the others that they will have to go to the ball without her. In private, Sandra admits that Stevens\' questions, Joan\'s credentials, and Wilbur\'s curiosity in the basement have made her nervous enough to put the experiment on hold. Impatient, Dracula asserts his will by hypnotizing her, biting her in the throat, and making her his vampire slave. At the ball, the boys encounter Talbot and McDougal just as Dracula and Sandra rejoin the group. Dracula, when confronted by Talbot, easily deflects accusations that he is "the real thing" by insisting that it\'s only his costume and he is not actually Dracula. While Dracula takes Joan for a dance, Sandra lures Wilbur to a quiet spot in the woods. Before she can move in and bite him, Chick and Larry approach and she flees. As they search for Joan, Talbot transforms into the Wolf Man and stalks Wilbur. Wilbur escapes, but the Wolf Man finds and injures McDougal. Noting that Chick has brought a wolf mask as his costume to the ball, McDougal concludes that it was Chick who actually attacked him out of revenge. Chick manages to slip away, only to witness Dracula hypnotizing Wilbur. Chick is then also hypnotized and rendered helpless while Dracula and Sandra bring Wilbur and Joan back to the castle. The next morning, Chick and Talbot meet and Talbot tells Chick that he is the Wolf Man. After Chick explains to him that Dracula has taken Wilbur and Joan to the island they agree to work together to rescue them. While Wilbur is being held in a pillory, Sandra finally explains to him the plan to transplant his brain into the Monster. She and Dracula leave him to prepare the Monster for the operation. Chick and Talbot arrive to rescue Wilbur, but in an attempt to escape Dracula hypnotizes Wilbur into coming back. Wilbur who is now strapped to a slab witnesses Dracula giving the Monster electrical boosts in the lab. Just as Sandra prepares to open Wilbur\'s skull, Talbot and Chick storm in. Talbot struggles with Sandra and casts her aside. Chick knocks out Sandra and runs out of the lab to make Dracula leave so Talbot can save Wilbur. Just as Talbot is about to untie Wilbur, he once again transforms into the Wolf Man. Dracula returns to the lab to find the Wolf Man there and flees, with the Wolf Man giving chase. Chick arrives to untie Wilbur just as the Monster, now at full power, breaks his own restraints and rises from his stretcher. Sandra attempts to order him back, but the Monster defiantly throws her out the lab window to her death. Chick and Wilbur try to escape with the Monster hot on their trail. After trying to fight off the Wolf Man with little success, Dracula attempts to escape and transforms into a bat, but the Wolf Man snares him then grab him and fall down to the sea below .Joan abruptly wakes from her trance, while the boys escape the castle and head to the pier with the Monster in pursuit. Wilbur succeeds in untying the boat, while Stevens and Joan arrive and set the pier ablaze. The Monster turns around and marches into the flames, succumbing as the pier collapses into the water. Just as Chick and Wilbur relax, Wilbur scolds Chick for not believing him. After Chick tells him he will believe him from now on, they hear a disembodied voice  and see a cigarette floating in the air. The voice says: "Allow me to introduce myself, I\'m the Invisible Man!" The boys jump off the boat and swim away while the Invisible Man lights his cigarette and laughs as the final scene comes to a close.'] ["The film begins at BlackWhite castle, one of the last castles in black & white located in the United Kingdom. Residing there is the Earl of Cockwood , a notorious gangster. At some point, a tourist couple from Bitterfeld gets lost in the woods and witness a murder: the Monk with the Whip gets overrun by a truck. At the wheel: The Wixxer, an evil gangster who wears a skull mask and wants to take over Londons crime scene. To do that he arranges for the death of many of the current gangsters. Scotland Yard sends its - allegedly - best man, Chief Inspector Even Longer. Since the Wixxer killed Even Longer's partner Rather Short , a new partner is assigned: Very Long. They start to investigate and suspect the Earl of Cockwood. However, the Earl  is affected by the Wixxer's ambitions as well. Their investigations bring the two inspectors back to London where they meet the dubious Harry Smeerlap  and his men, who work for Cockwood. Smeerlap tries to conceal his racketeerings, but Very Long and Even Longer can finally arrest him. At the end they are able to finally identify the Wixxer: it is none other than Rather Short who killed the original Wixxer and assumed his identity."] ["After his aunt dies of a heart attack while fighting the IRS, Harry Johnson decides to take up the cause in what may seem to be an unconventional manner: he declares war on the IRS using his aunt's collection of military memorabilia."] ['The film begins with a stand-alone 17-minute supporting feature entitled The Crimson Permanent Assurance . A group of elderly office clerks in a small accounting firm rebel against their emotionlessly efficient, yuppie corporate masters. They commandeer their building, turn it into a pirate ship, and sail into a large financial districts, where they raid and overthrow a large multinational corporation. The film proper consists of a series of distinct sketches, broken into seven chapters. ;Part I – The Miracle Of Birth * A woman in labour is taken into a hospital delivery room, where she is largely ignored by doctors  and nurses, who are more concerned with using the hospital\'s most expensive equipment to impress the hospital\'s administrator . * In Yorkshire, a Roman Catholic man  with impossibly many children loses his job, leaving him with no way to feed his children. They discuss the church\'s opposition to the use of contraception, leading into the musical number "Every Sperm Is Sacred". Watching this unfold, a Protestant man  proudly lectures his wife on their church\'s tolerance towards having intercourse for fun, although his frustrated wife points out that they never do. ;Part II – Growth and Learning *A school master  and chaplain  conduct a non-sensical Anglican church service in an English public school. The master lectures the boys on excessively detailed school etiquette regarding the school cormorant, and hanging clothes on the correct peg. In a subsequent class, the schoolboys watch in boredom as the master gives a sex education lesson, by physically demonstrating techniques with his wife . Later, a team of boys is beaten – physically and on the scoreboard – in a violent rugby match against the masters. ;Part III – Fighting Each Other * A World War I officer  attempts to rally his men to find cover during an attack, but is hindered by their insistence on celebrating his birthday, complete with presents and cake. * A blustery army RSM  attempts to drill a platoon of men, but ends up left alone when he dismisses each to pursue leisure activities. * In 1879, during the Anglo-Zulu War in Natal, a devastating attack by Zulus is dismissed in lieu of a far more pressing matter: one of the officers  has had his leg bitten off during the night. The military doctor  hypothesises that, despite not being native to Africa, a tiger might be the perpetrator. A hunting party is formed, which encounters two suspicious men  dressed in two halves of a tiger suit, who attempt to assert their innocence through a succession of increasingly feeble excuses as to why they are dressed as a tiger. ;The Middle of the Film * A woman , as if on a talk-show called "The Middle of the Film" introduces a segment called "Find The Fish" – a brief surreal piece in which a drag queen , a gangly playboy , and an elephant-headed butler eerily challenge the audience to find a fish in the scene. ;Part IV – Middle Age * A middle-aged American couple  heads to a dungeon-themed Hawaiian restaurant at a holiday resort. They are presented with a menu of conversation topics by the waiter , and choose philosophy and the meaning of life. Their awkward and generally uninformed conversation quickly grinds to a halt, and they send it back, complaining "this conversation isn\'t very good." ;Part V – Live Organ Transplants * Two paramedics  arrive at the doorstep of Mr Brown, a card-carrying organ donor , to claim his liver, gruesomely operating on him against his will. Cleese\'s paramedic unsuccessfully attempts to chat up Mrs Brown, then requests her liver as well. She initially declines, but after a man  sings a song about man\'s insignificance in the universe , she agrees. *In a large corporate boardroom, a businessman straight-forwardly summarises his two-part report on the meaning of life: that the human soul must be "brought into existence by a process of guided self-observation", which rarely happens; and that "people aren\'t wearing enough hats." This is followed by an attempted takeover of the building by the Crimson Permanent Assurance from the short feature. ;Part VI – The Autumn Years * A posh restaurant, complete with a pianist , is visited by Mr. Creosote , an impossibly fat man in his autumn years. He swears at the unflappable maître d\' , projectile vomits copiously, and orders and finishes an enormous meal and a huge quantity of beer and wine – to the disgust of other patrons. After finishing, the maître d\' offers him a small after-dinner mint, before running and hiding to watch Creosote explode, showering the restaurant with human entrails and vomit. Afterwards, two of the restaurant\'s staff offer their own thoughts on the meaning of life. ;Part VII – Death *A condemned man  is allowed to choose the manner of his execution: being chased off the edge of a cliff by a horde of topless women. *The Grim Reaper  visits an isolated country house, and finds himself invited into a dinner party. Not knowing who he is, the dinner guests spend a lot of time arguing with him before finally being persuaded to shuffle off their mortal coils. *The dinner guests arrive in Heaven, a bright Las Vegas-style hotel where every day is Christmas. In a large auditorium filled with characters from throughout the movie, a cheesy Tony Bennett-like lounge singer  performs the song "Christmas in Heaven". ;The End of the Film *The hostess from "the Middle of the Film" is handed an envelope containing the meaning of life, and nonchalantly reads it out: :Try and be nice to people, avoid eating fat, read a good book every now and then, get some walking in, and try and live together in peace and harmony with people of all creeds and nations.'] ['Sid Carter  is the cunning head of a criminal gang that includes the longhaired drip Ernie Bragg , the cheeky Freddy  and Sid\'s son, Cyril . Cyril disguises himself as a new nurse in order to case a maternity hospital and the booty - the hospital\'s stock of contraceptive pills. The "Head Chopper" at the hospital, Sir Bernard Cutting , is convinced he\'s undergoing a sex change while the nutty Dr F.A. Goode ([[Charles Hawtrey  dishes out psychiatric mumbo jumbo. The hard working Matron  has more than enough to contend with on the wards, with the troublesome Mrs Tidey  who seems more interested in eating than producing a baby and her loyal, British Rail worker husband  who continually hangs around the waiting room. Waiting. Cyril is picked out by notorious "bird-watcher" Dr Prodd  and goes back to his place in order to get a map of the hospital. The poor doc gets a shock when the lovely "nurse" turns out to be a crook in a frock. However, "she" makes headline news when film star Jane Darling  hails "her" a heroine for helping her through her pregnancy. The Sister  desperately tries to keep the ward in order, while Cutting\'s secretary, Miss Banks  keeps her employer in check but nothing can cool his pent-up desire to prove himself as a man ... and it\'s Matron who\'s in his sights! The criminal gang don disguises - Sid dresses as the foreign Dr Zhivago and Ernie as a heavily expectant mum - but the crime is thwarted by the mothers-to-be. The medical hierarchy\'s threat to call the police is halted when Sid reveals the heroine of the day is a man. Cyril weds his shapely nurse, Susan Ball  and Matron finally gets her doctor.'] ["Down at the local labour exchange, everyone is moaning about the lack of decent jobs, unaware that nearby Bert Handy and his secretary Miss Cooling are attempting to fill vacancies at a new enterprise called Helping Hands. When word gets round, people are quick to visit the agency notably Sam Twist, Francis Courtenay, Delia King, Gabriel Dimple, Lily Duveen, Mike Weston and Montgomery Infield-Hopping. Bert decides to hire them all and at first business is slow. The only customer is a man who speaks gobbledygook, but since Francis  isn't present nobody can understand him and he goes on his way. Within a few days business picks up and Delia has an assignment to try on a complete women's wardrobe for Mr Delling, a gentleman who is planning a surprise for his wife. However things get complicated when the mans wife arrives home unexpectedly. Meanwhile Sam Twist is sent to a baby-sitting job, only to find that there isn't a baby to be sitted - instead there is Mrs Panting, a woman who needs to make her husband jealous. The following day, Francis is assigned to take a pet for a walk, but when he gets to the owner's house he finds out it's a chimpanzee. He takes the chimp for a walk and soon discovers that people who work in the transport industry have an aversion to apes. They eventually end up at a chimps tea party enjoying a nice afternoon tea. Next up is Lily Duveen, who has been employed at a wine tasting evening to collect invitation cards from the attendees. After she has performed this task, she samples some of the wines and makes a bit of a spectacle of herself. Later a man from Amalgamated Scrap-Iron arrives in the Helping Hands office. He's obviously busy as he requests that someone take his place in the queue at the hospital outpatients department. Bert says he will get someone on the case, but the chap insists that the top man does the job himself, so Bert ends up queuing at the hospital where he is mistaken for an eminent diagnostician. The next job that Francis undertakes is in the field of photography as a model. Obviously very chuffed that he has been chosen, he is crestfallen when he discovers that the job is an advertisement for a bee-keepers helmet. His next job is between a bickering couple. The husband can't understand his wife, who continually berates him in her native German. Thanks to Francis getting a bit emotionally involved, the wife starts speaking English and the couple make up. Lefty Vincent, a boxing friend of Berts, pops into the office. He requires four helpers to act as seconds for his fighter Dynamite Dan. When they get to the venue, Dan is terrified by his opponent, Mickey McGee, so pretends that he has sprained his finger. The fight is off until Gabriel takes on McGee instead. Sam is excited over his next job. He thinks he's on a top secret spying mission, but due to a mix up all that is required of him is to make up a game of bridge. When Sam gets back, he learns that the whole of Helping Hands have been engaged to demonstrate exhibits at the Ideal House exhibition. Needless to say all of the demonstrations end in calamity. Sam's next job is at an exclusive men's club, where no matter how hard he tries he can't keep silent, which is a strict rule of the establishment. Miss Cooling decides on a new filing system for a more streamlined operation and job cards are put in cubby holes for each of the workers. Disaster strikes when the cleaner knocks the box down and puts the cards back all mixed up. Everyone gets someone else's assignment, with misunderstandings all round. Finally, the gobbledygook man turns up again and this time Francis is there to translate. He is their landlord and has been trying to inform Bert that he will have to vacate the premises, because he's had a better offer. Due to a show of unity by all the staff, the landlord agrees that they can stay on the provision that they do something for him. His main interest is property development and he needs a house cleared and cleaned. Unfortunately the team end up demolishing the house but thankfully it turns out that it needed demolishing for a block of flats anyway, so all ends well."] ['Various events involve a dating agency run by Sid Bliss  and his longtime girlfriend Sophie Plummett . Their "Wedded Bliss" agency purports to bring together lonely hearts using computer-matching technology, but couples are actually paired up at random by Sophie. Bliss consistently avoids marrying Sophie, enthusiastically pursuing Esme Crowfoot, a seamstress and client who consistently rejects his advances. Percival Snooper  becomes a client to find a wife for business reasons: as a confirmed bachelor, he\'s inept at his job as a marriage counselor due to lack of personal experience. James Bedsop ([[Charles Hawtrey  is a private detective Sophie hires to spy on Sid\'s after-hours activities when he supposedly "vets" the female clients, including Esme. Timid Bertrum Muffet  winds up with model Sally Martin  after the agency muddles his directions to a blind date. Client Terry Philpotts  suffers several failures in his dealings with the agency including a disastrous meeting with prim, sheltered Jenny Grubb . Jenny moves in with Sally, undergoes a makeover, and becomes a model. Terry later finds romance with the "new" Jenny. Percival\'s association with Sophie provokes his jealous housekeeper, dowdy Miss Dempsey , to reveal her seductive side. Esme\'s estranged lover, volatile wrestler Gripper Burke , returns to cause havoc in a mistaken-identity case. Peter Butterworth appears in a 1-minute cameo as a Bluebeard-esque character jokingly referred to as Dr. Crippen. He approaches Sid Bliss in order to find his third wife. His first wife died eating poisoned mushrooms, the second suffered a fractured skull because "she wouldn\'t eat the mushrooms."'] ["Emmannuelle Prevert  relieves the boredom of a flight on Concorde by seducing timid Theodore Valentine . She returns home to London to surprise her husband, the French Ambassador, Emile Prevert  but first surprises the butler, Lyons ([[Jack Douglas . He removes her coat only to find she has left her dress on the 'plane! The chauffeur, Leyland , housekeeper, Mrs Dangle  and aged boot-boy, Richmond  sense saucy times ahead ... and they are right! Emile is dedicated to his bodybuilding, leaving a sexually frustrated Emmannuelle to find pleasure with everyone from the Lord Chief Justice  to chat show host, Harold Hump . Theodore is spurned by Emmannuelle, who has genuinely forgotten their airborne encounter and despite reassurances from his mother , Theodore exacts revenge by revealing Emmannuelle's antics to the Press. However, after a visit to her doctor , she discovers she is pregnant and decides to settle down to a faithful marriage with Emile ... and dozens of children."] ['Kazakh television personality Borat Sagdiyev leaves Kazakhstan for the "Greatest Country in the World," the "US and A" to make a documentary at the behest of the Kazakh Ministry of Information. He leaves behind his wife Oksana and other inhabitants of his village including "the town rapist", "the town mechanic and abortionist", bringing along his producer Azamat Bagatov and a pet chicken. In New York, Borat sees an episode of Baywatch on television and immediately falls in love with Pamela Anderson. While interviewing and mocking a panel of feminists, he learns her name and her residence in California. Borat is then informed by telegram that his wife has been killed by a bear. Delighted, he secretly resolves to make Anderson his new wife in California; Azamat is told they are going to California because "Pearl Harbor is there. So is Texas." Azamat is afraid of flying because of the September 11, 2001 attacks, which he believes were the work of Jews. Borat, therefore, takes driving lessons and buys a dilapidated ice-cream truck for the journey. During the trip, Borat acquires a Baywatch booklet at a yard sale and continues gathering footage for his documentary. He meets gay pride parade participants, politicians Alan Keyes and Bob Barr, and African American youths. Borat is also interviewed on live television and disrupts the weather report. Visiting a rodeo, Borat excites the crowd with jingoistic American remarks, but then sings a fictional Kazakhstani national anthem to the tune of "The Star-Spangled Banner", receiving a strong negative reaction. Staying at a bed-and-breakfast, Borat and his producer are stunned to learn their hosts are Jewish. Fearful at the hands of their hosts, the two escape after throwing money toward cockroaches, believing they are their Jewish hosts transformed. While Azamat advises a return to New York, Borat attempts to buy a handgun to defend himself against Jews. When told he cannot buy a gun because he is not an American citizen, Borat purchases a bear for protection. Borat seeks advice from an etiquette coach who suggests that Borat attends a private dinner at an eating club in the South, at which he  insults or otherwise offends the other guests, and gets kicked out after he lets Luenell, an African-American prostitute, into the house and shows her to the table. Borat befriends Luenell, and she invites him into a relationship with her, but he kindly tells her that he is in love with someone else. Borat then visits an antique shop with a display of Confederate heritage items, breaking glass and crockery. The journey is interrupted when Borat, just out of the bathtub, exits the bathroom of his hotel room and sees Azamat masturbating over a picture of Pamela Anderson in the Baywatch book. Borat becomes enraged and reveals his real motive for traveling to California. Azamat becomes livid at Borat\'s deception, and the situation escalates into a fully nude brawl with homoerotic undertones,Rabin, Nathan. Borat: Cultural Learnings Of America For Make Benefit Glorious Nation Of Kazakhstan. A.V. Club, 2006-11-2. Retrieved on 2007-04-09. which spills out into the hallway, a crowded elevator, and ultimately into a packed convention ballroom. The two are finally separated by security guards. As a result, Azamat abandons Borat, taking his passport, all of their money, and their bear, whose head is later seen inside Azamat\'s motel refrigerator. Borat begins to hitchhike to California, but is soon picked up by drunken fraternity brothers from the University of South Carolina. On learning the reason for his trip, they show him the Pam and Tommy sex video, revealing that she is not the virgin he thought she was. After leaving the three students, Borat becomes despondent, burning the Baywatch booklet and, by mistake, his return ticket to Kazakhstan. He regains his faith after attending a United Pentecostal camp meeting, at which Republican U.S. Representative Chip Pickering and Mississippi Supreme Court Chief Justice James W. Smith, Jr. are present. Borat learns to forgive Azamat and Pamela. He accompanies church members on a bus to Los Angeles and disembarks to find Azamat dressed as Oliver Hardy . The two reconcile and Azamat tells Borat where to find Pamela Anderson. Borat finally comes face-to-face with Anderson at a book signing at a Virgin Megastore. After showing Anderson his "traditional marriage sack," Borat pursues her throughout the store in an attempt to abduct her until he is tackled and handcuffed by security guards. Afterwards, Borat marries Luenell, and returns to Kazakhstan with her. The final scene shows the changes that Borat\'s observations in America have brought to his village, including the apparent conversion of the people to Christianity  and the introduction of computer-based technology, such as iPods, laptop computers and a high-definition, LCD television. The film plays out with a recapitulation of a mock \'Kazakhstan\' national anthem glorifying the country\'s potassium resources and its prostitutes as being the "cleanest in the region". The visual melange of Soviet-era photos are mixed with the real flag of Kazakhstan and, incongruously, the final frames show the portrait of Ilham Aliyev, real life president of Azerbaijan, a country that had not been otherwise referenced in the movie.'] ['The film is set in Ming Dynasty, China. Ah Long  is the town bully, known for his boorish manners and reckless attitude which have endeared him to no one, save his sister Feng  who has a curious penchant for cross-dressing. It is apparent early on that both these siblings are such misfits they have virtually no prospect of marriage. Faye Wong is cast as a runaway princess who is dressed as a man, a disguise which fools both Long and Feng. Long immediately decides that he likes his new-found friend so much that he will entrust his sister\'s hand in marriage to "him". The princess, of course, cannot marry another woman and tried to fend off Long\'s suggestions of a match; but also, she is attracted to Long. Emperor Zheng De  also leaves his palace temporarily in order to search for his missing sister. He dresses like a commoner and by a twist of fate meets Feng. He is smitten with Feng, and begins to court her, while keeping his imperial identity secret from her. His motives for leaving the palace also included the fact that he is unhappy and lonely at court and wants to escape the smothering influence of the Empress Dowager , his mother, who plays a dictatorial role in the actions of her son. A convoy of imperial guards try to protect him while he is out in town and bring the Emperor back to the palace, but unsuccessfully. The Princess is also assisted by her "fairy godmother"  in marrying her match. The Empress Dowager hears of her wayward children and storms Long\'s house, where her children are holed up, only to hear that they wish to marry two commoners with unwholesome and eccentric tendencies. The Emperor is adamant about marrying Feng and the Empress Dowager relents, but Long is unable to pass a "ring test" to prove he is the destined one and the Empress Dowager forbids his marriage to her daughter. All ends well, however. After a separation, Long is enlightened by the "fairy godmother" and passes the "ring test". He is reunited with the Princess, the Empress Dowager accepts him, and happiness reigns.'] ['Teddy Bears\' Picnic covers an annual encampment of prominent male leaders at the Zambezi Glen, a thinly-veiled reference to the Bohemian Grove. The movie starts out with the first ever women\'s day at the glen, where wives and girlfriends of Zambezi members are invited to visit the glen ahead of the annual encampment, which also serves to introduce the glen and the characters to the audience. The actual retreat itself begins after the members have returned without any women and kicks off with the "Assassination of Time", based on the real Cremation of Care at the Bohemian Grove, with a pelican replacing the latter\'s owl. After that, the festivities begin, including an all-male chorus line in drag, which is photographed by one of the club employees who smuggles out the pictures to the news media. This violation of the privacy of the glen causes the leaders of the membership to work on spin control, while the employee who took the pictures is emboldened by his success and the promise of a hefty reward to record footage of the glen with a camera smuggled in with the help of a local newscaster. In this time we also see what members do to enjoy themselves at the retreat, including drinking, urinating on trees while naked, and visiting nearby prostitutes. After filming some of the activities at the glen, the cameraman is spotted by some members and flees in to the woods. From here, the members invoke their privilege and connections, with disastrous results. The members call in the military to track down the cameraman with dogs, flares, and helicopters, which sets off a forest fire. When the road out of the glen is blocked by an overturned truck filled with drinks for the glen members, one of the characters orders his chauffeur to drive through anyway, making the blockage worse. A helicopter flying without lights at night at the behest of one of the members collides with a news helicopter covering the fire.'] ['The seaside town of Fircombe is facing a crisis - it\'s always raining and there\'s nothing for the tourists to do. So Councillor Sidney Fiddler  hits on the notion of holding a beauty contest. The Mayor, Frederick Bumble  is taken with the idea but feminist Councillor, Augusta Prodworthy  is outraged. She storms out of the meeting in disgust. The motion is carried in Augusta\'s absence and Sidney contacts publicist Peter Potter  to help with the organisation. Sidney\'s girlfriend, Connie Philpotts  runs a local hotel and soon her residents, including the eccentric Mrs Dukes  and the Admiral  are outnumbered by dolly birds, including the feuding biker babe, Hope Springs  and the bountiful Dawn Brakes . A fight orchestrated by Hope provides better newspaper copy than bringing a donkey off the beach which, despite the bucket and spade of hotel employee William ([[Jack Douglas , ruins the plush carpets! Press photographer Larry  happily snaps the Mayor losing his trousers at a most awkward moment and nervously gulps his way through a nude session with Dawn. Eventually, the Mayor\'s wife, Mildred  joins Prodworthy\'s bra-burning movement and plots the downfall of the Miss Fircombe contest on the pier. Peter Potter reluctantly becomes a man in a frock for another publicity gimmick for the television show, Women\'s Things, presented by Cecil Gaybody  and produced by Debra . Prodworthy and butch feminist Rosemary  call in the police ([[David Lodge  but Peter\'s girlfriend, Paula  steps into the breach as the mysterious girl. Finally Prodworthy\'s gang put "Operation Spoilsport" into action, sabotaging the final contest with water, mud and itching powder. With an angry mob after his blood, Sidney makes his escape with Hope on her motorcycle.'] ['The story involves preppy pre-freshman  Tom Lawrence ([[Chris Young  who visits Port Chester University, a college where fraternities have been outlawed and political correctness is rampant on campus. During his visit, Tom manages to make enemies with nearly every group of students on the campus. Getting caught in an infamous "meat tossing incident"  angers the "cause-heads" , and while taking a short cut through the computer lab, he trips over the power cords and accidentally crashes all the computers, angering all the people working on their thesis papers. During his visit, Tom also gets in the middle of the war between "The Pit" and "Balls and Shaft", two rival groups on campus. The latter group  is a parody of the Skull and Bones secret society and conservative fraternities in general. Among its members is Rand McPherson , who, with the other Balls and Shaft members, want the outlawed Greek system to return. Meanwhile, members of "The Pit" (a party-frat which split from Balls and Shaft years ago, currently led by James "Droz" Andrews  and living in the dilapidated former Balls and Shaft frat house just want everyone to get along. The movie is in part about the battle between Droz and Rand. Besides Balls and Shaft, the other great nemeses of The Pit are a radical feminist group on campus known as the Womynists, and the college president, Ms. Garcia-Thompson , who is obsessed with enforcing "sensitivity awareness" and multiculturalism to the point where she proposes that Bisexual Asian Studies should have its own building . The Womynists\' entire world view revolves around a paranoia about rape culture and all things phallic, and they are known to hold protests at parties chanting "hey hey, ho ho, this penis party\'s got to go!" Ms. Garcia-Thompson conspires with Balls and Shaft to get The Pit, their mutual nemesis, kicked off campus, giving Rand control of the house. The Pit responds by throwing a party to raise funds to pay off their debts and keep their house. The Womynists take offense to The Pit\'s flyers advertising the party, and hold a protest outside. The party at first appears to be a failure. However, a series of unlikely events results in George Clinton and Parliament-Funkadelic performing at the party. Students begin streaming in and the party successfully raises the funds to keep the house. After Garcia-Thompson decides to throw The Pit off campus anyway, using the history of complaints against The Pit as her reason, the members of The Pit plot their ultimate revenge at an alumni gathering the next day. They succeed in provoking the other students into an impromptu protest , causing the Board of Trustees to fire Garcia-Thompson due to her inability to control the student body. The film ends showing Tom heading home, having decided to commit to going to PCU. As he sits on the bus, he sees Rand, who after unwittingly insulting the entire student body over the sound system of the event, is now in Tom\'s position at the beginning of the film being chased by the students across campus.'] ['The tiny  European Duchy of Grand Fenwick, supposedly located in the Alps between Switzerland and France, proudly retains a pre-industrial economy, dependent almost entirely on making Pinot Grand Fenwick wine. However, an American winery makes a knockoff version, "Pinot Grand Enwick", putting the country on the verge of bankruptcy. The prime minister decides that their only course of action is to declare war on the United States. Expecting a quick and total defeat (since their standing army is tiny and equipped with [[bow , the country confidently expects to rebuild itself through the generous largesse that the United States bestows on all its vanquished enemies . Instead, the Duchy defeats the mighty superpower, purely by accident. Landing in New York City, almost completely deserted above ground because of a city-wide disaster drill, the Duchy\'s invading "army"  wanders to a top secret government lab and unintentionally captures the "Q-bomb"  and its maker, Dr. Kokintz. The invaders from Fenwick are sighted by a Civil Defense Squad and are immediately taken to be "men from Mars" when their mail armor is mistaken for reptilian skin. The Secretary of Defense pieces together what has happened  and is both ashamed and astonished that the United States was unaware that it had been at war for two months. With the most powerful bomb in the world now in the smallest country in the world, other countries are quick to react, with the Soviet Union and the United Kingdom offering their support. With the world at the tiny country\'s mercy, Duchess Gloriana, the leader of Grand Fenwick, lists her terms: all the nuclear weapons of the powerful nations must go through an inspection by impartial scientists and the "Tiny Twenty"  should be formed, a group of twenty small nations so that small nations can get their voices heard as well as large ones. Soon Duchess Gloriana and Tully Bascomb get married, and during the wedding Dr. Kokintz discovers that the bomb is a dud and that the bomb Grand Fenwick used to threaten the world into obedience never had any power whatsoever. However, Dr. Kokintz decides to keep that fact to himself considering that the pretense still furthers the cause of world peace.'] ['The movie begins with Bruce in Houston on a search for the American G.I. that helped the young Bruce when he was just a child in Korea. With little more than a name and a fuzzy memory of his hero, Bruce is determined to find G.I. Ernie Brown to thank and repay him with an antique Korean vase. After following a few dead end leads, Bruce meets the students of a local karate studio who introduce him to their martial arts master, Master McLean. Thinking Bruce to be a karate master, McLean convinces Bruce to run the studio in his place while he takes care of some business. Bruce, accepting the role, dons a black belt and with his own goofy yet clever tricks convinces the students of his skills. While teaching, Bruce develops a bond with a young orphan and student, Billy, and eventually takes up a fatherly role and begins to mentor him. During his free time, Bruce continues his search for Ernie Brown, which leads him to the massage parlor of the crime boss Mr. B. Before he can even meet with him, Bruce steps up in defense of Polly, one of the girls on Mr. B\'s payroll. Thwarting Mr. B\'s goon from harassing her, Bruce and Polly make a quick exit, Bruce unfortunately leaving his antique vase behind. The goons, fearful of the wrath of their boss, decide to give the vase to Mr. B as a gift in hopes his fury will be diminished. Upon seeing the vase, Mr. B develops a strange look as he exclaims that he had not seen a vase like that since the Korean War. Bruce plays a game of hide and seek as the goons try their best to track down Polly. All the while in the background being followed by a detective investigating Mr.B. There are many near misses and humorous situations as Bruce and Polly evade the goons and try to recover the vase; including a dancer challenging Bruce\'s skills in a club, to Bruce\'s misunderstanding and misusing of a gesture that he gives to a motorcycle gang, and even a mad bull that gives Bruce a ride to town. The climax begins when Mr. B\'s goons finally locate and kidnap Polly and knock over young Billy, causing him to hit his head and go into a coma. With his young friend in a coma Bruce sets out to find and rescue Polly. Unfortunately Bruce is discovered during his attempt and confronted by Mr. B. Upon hearing the goons exaggerated claims of Bruce\'s skill, Mr. B makes Bruce a deal to pit Bruce against his champion fighter—the Executioner—with the agreement that if he wins, Polly and the vase will be returned. Bruce accepts the challenge and is soon in the ring, face to face with the massive and brutal Executioner. Of course due to his lack of skill and the threat of Mr. B, Bruce is no match for the brutal fighter. However at the last moment Billy, having awakened from his coma and seeing Bruce fighting on television, wobbles to the ring and inspires his mentor to put on a sock and "Sock It To Him". With this new determination Bruce defeats the Executioner. Mr. B, unhappy with Bruce\'s win, tries to go back on his deal but is quickly surprised and arrested by the investigating detective. Polly and Billy, joining Bruce in the ring, return his vase and congratulate Bruce on his victory. Much to their surprise Bruce seems unhappy and he reveals the realization that Mr. B was his childhood hero Ernie Brown. However, much to Bruce\'s surprise, the detective rushes into the ring and calling Bruce by the name his hero gave him, announces he is actually the Ernie "Slim" Brown that Bruce had met as a child, but could not reveal this earlier due to being deep undercover. The reunion is sweet and swift; Bruce thanks him, gives him the vase, and the credits roll.'] ["Katie Holstrom , a Swedish-American, leaves the family farm to go to nursing school in Capitol City. Barn painter Adolph Petree ([[Rhys Williams , who had completed a job for Katie's father, offers her a ride, but robs her of her money. Katie, refusing to ask her family for help, goes to work as a maid in the home of political power broker Agatha Morley  and her son, U.S. Representative Glenn Morley . Soon, she impresses Agatha and her loyal majordomo Joseph Clancey  with her refreshing, down-to-earth common sense and Glenn with her other charms. Unexpected problems arise when the Morleys and the other leaders of their political party select a replacement for a deceased congressman; they pick the unscrupulous Anders J. Finley ([[Art Baker . Knowing of the man, Katie strongly disapproves of their choice. She attends a public meeting arranged to introduce Finley and begins asking pointed, embarrassing questions. The leaders of the opposition party are impressed and offer her their backing in the coming election. When she accepts, Katie reluctantly has to quit her job, much to Glenn's annoyance. When Katie's campaign picks up support , Finley resorts to smearing her reputation. He pays Petree to claim Katie spent the night with him when he gave her a ride. As a result, Katie becomes so distraught, she runs home. Glenn learns of the chicanery, follows her and proposes to her. After hearing the news of her son's engagement, Agatha, with her butler's help, gets Finley drunk and tricks him not only into revealing that he bribed Petree, and that he has him safely hidden away at his isolated lodge. With the help of Katie's three big, strong brothers , Glenn takes Petree away from the goons Finley assigned to watch him, and makes him confess over the radio. Agatha withdraws her party's support from Finley and endorses Katie, ensuring her election. In the final scene, Glenn carries Katie across the threshold of the United States House of Representatives."] ['The storyline is reminiscent of the original Flash Gordon films, but with a generally campy flavor to it. The character names are innuendos, based on original characters from the serial, the hero Flesh Gordon ; his love interest Dale Ardor ; the evil Emperor Wang the Perverted ; Dr. Flexi Jerkoff ; Amora, Queen of Magic ; and a gay Robin Hood-like character called Prince Precious . Emperor Wang aims a "Sex Ray" at the Earth from his home world of Porno [Mongo]. The entire planet becomes hopelessly sexually obsessed and it is up to Gordon to stop the rays. The film uses nudity whenever possible, and the scenes are shot in a style nearly identical to the original Flash Gordon serials. As an example, their rocket lands on the planet Porno. A sauropod dinosaur with a glans-like head is observed. Flesh asks Dr. "J", "What\'s that"? "Must be some kind of penisaurus", Dr. "J" replies. A towering, demonic-looking creature, the Great God Porno , brought out of hibernation by Emperor Wang makes an appearance, muttering obscenities in a very velvety voice. The monster\'s fate is a major plot point.'] ['A shy, gentle man named Clifford Skridlow  is a professor of comparative literature at the financially strapped  Monroe College in Chicago. A chance encounter with four beautiful high class prostitutes at a restaurant changes his life forever. Smooth Walker , their pimp, is in danger due to his enormous debt to the gruff "Mom" , a Chicago mob boss. Smooth invents a fictitious business partner, the flamboyant "Doctor Detroit", in an attempt to save himself from Mom\'s wrath. Through a series of comical misunderstandings, Cliff is conned into becoming Smooth Walker\'s patsy. He transforms himself into Doctor Detroit, embarking on a dangerous mission to protect the girls from Mom. He also must keep this secret from his strait-laced parents while simultaneously attempting to secure a large endowment for the struggling university. Cliff becomes a hero to the four women, but puts his life at grave risk.'] ['The film opens on a crowded New York City street where people have gathered to watch a film crew shoot a sequence which becomes recognizable as the iconic shot of Marilyn Monroe in a white dress standing on a grate while the rush of wind caused by a huge fan to imitate the subway going by below blows her skirt up around her waist. The Actress\' husband, The Ballplayer, watches with obvious discomfort as she is ogled. The Actress, rather than join him afterwards, disappears in a taxi, leaving him behind. She stops at a store and picks up a variety of toys, flashlights, and balloons. The Professor, recognizable as Albert Einstein, is in his hotel room, working on pages of mathematical calculations. He is interrupted by The Senator, who has come to alternately coax and threaten him into appearing before a committee to investigate his activities and answer the famous question, "Have you now or have you ever been...?" The Senator is recognizable as Joe McCarthy. The Professor refuses and says he will never appear. The Senator leaves, saying he\'ll back to get him at 8 a.m. the following morning. The Actress appears at the door of the Professor\'s hotel room, and he invites her in. They talk about fame, being chased, and the stars. She does a lively demonstration of the Theory of Relativity using the toys and flashlights and balloons. She tells The Professor he is at the top of her list of people she\'d like to sleep with. They decide to go to bed, but are interrupted by the arrival of The Ballplayer, who has tracked her to the hotel. The Professor leaves them alone and goes to find another room, meeting a Cherokee elevator man with whom he speaks. The Actress and The Ballplayer talk about their marriage; The Actress tells her husband she believes she is pregnant, but he has fallen asleep. The following morning The Senator arrives at The Professor\'s room to find him gone, but The Actress naked and alone in his bed. The Senator mistakes her for a call girl and threatens to use her to expose and embarrass The Professor, then punches her hard in the abdomen, causing her to collapse in pain. The Professor returns while The Senator is collecting all of the hundreds of pages of The Professor\'s work to take away with him. The Professor grabs the papers and throws them out of the windows, while The Actress writhes in agony on the bed. The Senator leaves, defeated in his purpose. The Ballplayer returns and talks about his fame in the baseball world, and confides in him about his marital problems while The Actress is in the bathroom. She finally announces to him that their marriage is over, and he leaves. The Actress becomes impatient with The Professor, sensing that he is hiding something. He is sitting on the bed with his watch, which has stopped at 8.15, in one hand, and the alarm clock in the other as the hour approaches 8.15 . He confesses his terrible feelings of guilt about the event, and she reassures him. Right at 8.15 a.m. as she is leaving, he has a vision of the destruction of the room, Hiroshima, the world. The Actress\' skirt swirls in flames as she burns in his vision. Then the film reverses and the world is restored to order as she smiles and leaves.'] ['The film is a comedic parody of horror films of its time, with a cross between The Texas Chain Saw Massacre and Friday the 13th with Kristen  and Megan  playing college students planning to attend a concert. After they hit a homeless man with their car, the girls and their friends are systematically murdered.Camp Cuddly Pines Official Site - "About." URL accessed 15 January 2007.'] ["Clarence Mumford is a Robitussin addict living with his parents. He is on a quest to become a ninja master much to the dismay of his parents. He leaves the house to visit his girlfriend Shotsi, only for her to cheat on him with a few other guys, who beat him up. After leaving Shotsi's apartment, he notices a flier advertising Dr. Death's dojo. Upon entering the dojo, he meets Dr. Death. After a brief discussion, Dr. Death offers to shake Clarence's hand, only to twist his arm and tell him to trust nobody, not even his own guru. That night, Clarence experiences a dream in which an old martial arts master from Korea tells him to fly to Korea and train. The next morning Clarence departs for the airport, flies to Korea, and meets the old master that he saw in his dream the previous night. The master trains Clarence with sparring and meditation. After finishing the training, Clarence returns to Shotsi's apartment in America to challenge Dr. Death to a fight that takes the two throughout the city and back to the apartment. Upon returning, Dr. Death holds Shotsi at knife-point. After channeling the master for help, Clarence receives a bike, which he uses to ride into Dr. Death, splitting him in half and killing him. After he wins, Shotsi leaps into Clarence's arms and the master appears right before him, telling him that he has to do one more thing before becoming a ninja warrior. The master tells Clarence that he did the right thing after he literally dumps Shotsi."] ['After a series of murders in San Francisco that all take place inside closets, a reporter and his scientist friend decide to uncover the mystery and save California."VideoHound\'s Golden Movie Retriever 2003", page 514. Gale Group, Inc., 2004 The film contains many comical and subtle references to homosexuality. The title referencing the state of being a closeted gay, the creature\'s sudden smitteness and affection for the handsome leading man even though there is no other indication that the creature is female, and the film ends with it collapsing & dying while marching on San Francisco!'] ['The film begins with a flashback to a young Mordechai Jefferson Carver. At school, Mordechai is tormented by his fellow students and his teacher for being a Jewish child in a Christian themed public school, and celebrating Hanukkah while everyone else celebrates Christmas. He feels further alienated as he walks through his neighborhood and sees a seemingly endless number of Christmas decorations and window displays celebrating the holiday and announcing that Jews aren\'t welcome. As he lies down on the sidewalk in front of a store saying "Jews Welcome " and spins his dreidel to cheer himself up Santa Claus walks by and crushes the toy under his foot, then gives Mordechai the finger. The scene then changes to the present with Mordechai as the Hebrew Hammer, a Certified Circumcised Dick who has dedicated his life to defending Jews. His snappy dress  and tough-guy demeanor have made him a local hero within the Jewish community. Jews and African-Americans have enjoyed a tenuous peace with the White Christians over the previous few decades, because the current Santa  has pursued a policy of inclusion and tolerance. This Santa is murdered and replaced by his son, Damian, who seeks to destroy Hanukkah and Kwanzaa thus reserving December for Christmas alone. Mordechai is reluctantly recruited to stop Damian, gaining allies along the way, including love interest and daughter of the Chief of the Jewish Justice League Esther Bloomenbergensteinenthal and the Kwanzaa Liberation Front\'s leader Mohammed Ali Paula Abdul Rahim. The fight takes them to exotic locales such as Israel, K-Mart and a final battle at The North Pole.'] ['In trendy Marin County, California during a year in the 1970s, uptight Harvey Holroyd is losing patience fast. On one hand, his wife Kate and her friends are thoroughly caught up in new age consciousness-raising and psychobabble. On the other hand, his rebellious teenage daughter Joanie is about to join a cult. Harvey’s best friend Sam, meanwhile, is having marital troubles, and Harvey is trying to land a higher-paying job with his corporate recruiter Luckman. As marital problems persist, Kate and Harvey separate. Each becomes sexually involved with someone else, albeit rather awkwardly. Harvey tries to avoid the advances of his newly hired secretary, Stella, who lures him to an orgy, but he does begin seeing Marlene, a free-spirited, 19-year-old, strictly vegetarian supermarket cashier. Kate links up with Paco, a bisexual Argentinian aspiring to be an artist, whose profession for now is to trim her dog\'s hair. Being unhappy at home, Joanie is lured by "concerned" members of a flower-peddling cult. She goes voluntarily at first and finds peace and tranquility there, but eventually finds herself virtually imprisoned in their house in the big city. Harvey and Kate manage to patch up their differences for Joanie’s sake. By means of a little blackmail that ensues from a surprise revelation involving Luckman, a gay motorcycle gang joins forces with Harvey to rescue Joanie. Thus, the Holroyds are reunited and prepare for Harvey’s new job in Denver.'] ['Beauregard Bottomley  is an unemployed PhD physicist who lives in Los Angeles with his piano-instructor sister Gwenn  and the alcohol-guzzling parrot of the film\'s title, Caesar. Beauregard and Gwenn live in a bungalow court, surrounded by books. Beauregard is an omnivorous reader, and is highly knowledgeable on virtually any subject - except, as he admits, how to hold a job. Beauregard obtains word of a mysterious job opportunity at the Milady Soap Company. He meets the eccentric company owner, Burnbridge Waters , for the job interview. Waters disapproves of Beauregard\'s humour and turns him down for the job, humiliating him in the process. Later, in front of an appliance store window, Beauregard, Gwenn and a small crowd, none of whom have TV sets yet, watch the radio quiz show - just transferred to the new medium of television - Masquerade for Money, whose sponsor is Milady Soap. The show\'s format features contestants costumed as historical characters or items, who are asked questions about who or what their attire represents. The prize doubles with each successive question, in the style of the 1940s radio show The $64 Question. If anyone misses just one question, the contestant loses all that was won to that point. Beauregard is contemptuous of television and what he deems as its anti-intellectual nature, after seeing Masquarade for Money. However, after seeing the contestants struggle to answer relatively easy questions, Beauregard plots revenge on Burnbridge Waters. He goes on the program dressed as an encyclopedia to let the host know he will answer any question given to him by the show\'s host, Happy Hogan . Starting from an initial $5 prize, Beauregard easily answers the maximum five questions, then asks for a sixth question. The show runs out of time, but Beauregard promises to come back next week if people will write in to Milady Soap demanding he be allowed to return. An avalanche of mail inspires Burnbridge Waters. He decides to call Bottomley back for one question per show - and when they\'ve reached a new high in soap sales, the show will drop him. Masquerade for Money becomes a ratings triumph. The country tunes in each week to watch Beauregard, who appears with Caesar on the covers of Look and Life Magazines. The questions become more erudite and challenging, but Bottomley keeps answering them with ease. With Beauregard\'s continuing success and increasing prize amount, Waters becomes uneasy, as the winnings will potentially erode Milady\'s profits. Visiting the soap factory one day, Beauregard finally explains to Waters that his ultimate goal is, first, to break Waters by winning $40 million dollars - the entire worth of Milady Soap - and thus drive Waters into bankruptcy. As Beauregard continues to answer the questions, Waters calls in "Flame" O\'Neill  to try to weaken Waters via seduction, to find a subject where his knowledge is lacking. In parallel, Happy Hogan tries to work his charms on Gwenn to see if he also can persuade her to have Beauregard simply pocket his winnings to date, by taking piano lessons with her and asking her out. Beauregard has become ill with a cold, and Flame insinuates herself into the Bottomley household as Beauregard\'s nurse, pretending to be a member of his fan club. With little past experience with women, Beauregard initially succumbs to Flame\'s charms, and loses his general sang-froid in her presence. Gwenn is suspicious of Flame\'s motives, as Beauregard is suspicious of Hogan\'s motives in suddenly taking piano lessons with her. Neither sibling is to be deterred by the other from their respective romantic attachments. Flame, a la Delilah, intends to seduce Bottomley to find out his Achilles\' heel, a subject that will stump him. Slowly, Beauregard becomes suspicious of Flame, after his recovery. He reveals to her on one date that he  never quite mastered Albert Einstein\'s theory of relativity. With that knowledge, the next question on Masquerade for Money is for Beauregard to explain Einstein\'s theory. Now realizing Flame\'s role in the situation, Beauregard does struggle for an answer, which he provides. However, Happy Hogan indicates that, by his answer card, the response is wrong. Waters rejoices as the studio audience groans, and Beauregard wanders into the wings, apparently defeated. However, a phone call arrives a moment later, from Einstein himself, who has been watching the show. Einstein explains that in fact, Bottomley gave the correct answer. Hogan announces the news to a now jubilant audience. Waters faints, and Bottomley is to return next week. In the meantime, Happy appears to have genuinely fallen in love with Gwenn. Flame also has apparently developed some remorse at her part in the plot against Beauregard, and also affection for him. Waters decides to rent the Hollywood Bowl for the final question of the final show. Before the last show, with the prize stakes at $20 million, Beauregard and Gwenn decide to test each other\'s romantic partners and respective engagements. Each sibling telephones the respective partner to see if they would be willing to be married before the big prize day. Happy and Flame each come up with excuses for not marrying Gwenn and Beauregard before the last prize show, which deflates both siblings. At the Hollywood Bowl, after a sardonic introduction from Waters, Beauregard comes onstage, where Happy asks for his wallet. Happy then asks a very simple question about Beauregard himself, and not about any subject in a book, namely, what is Beauregard\'s Social Security number. Beauregard answers incorrectly, to the tremendous relief of Waters and the disappointment of the crowd. Back home, Beauregard and Gwenn appear disappointed. However, later that evening, Happy and Flame appear, willing to marry Gwenn and Beauregard respectively after all. Waters also appears, with gifts for Beauregard. It turns out that Caesar used to be Waters\' pet parrot. As Beauregard and Flame drive off to be married, Beauregard reveals that he and Waters agreed to a backroom deal where he would lose, but receive his own radio show, as well as Milady Soap stock. However, Beauregard then admits that he genuinely didn\'t know the answer to the simple question posed to him at the Hollywood Bowl. Even so, most anyone watching the movie might well think Beauregard must have known the answer, or else he could not have completed any job applications requiring that information.'] ['Jack Harrison  and Gil Turner  are writers for The Sensation, a supermarket-grade tabloid run by Turner\'s father, Mac . Jack is a more serious journalist using The Sensation as a stepping stone to a better career, while Gil is a gangling yes-man ever ready to win his father\'s approval. When Mac Turner receives a homemade videotape of two panicked men running from a creature they believe to be Frankenstein\'s monster, along with a waist-down shot of the suspected monster, he dispatches his son and Jack to Transylvania to follow the lead. Jack tries unsuccessfully to beg off, but is told by Mac that if they both again come back with nothing, they are both fired. They have to bring a story that will bring a banner headline "Frankenstein Lives!" Planes, trains and buses later, Jack and Gil arrive at their destination. Once off the bus, Jack immediately spots Elizabeth Ellison, a pretty female tourist  from New York City, whom he hits on. Gil immediately sets out on their assignment, just as quickly drawing hysterical ridicule when he tries to question a hotel desk clerk about the whereabouts of Frankenstein, who shares Gil\'s inquiries with the staff and patrons, including the mayor . Jack rescues Gil and pulls him out of the hotel to avoid further embarrassment. Both then take off for their hotel. Seeing them leave, a gypsy woman orders her male companion to bring them to her. Jack and Gil arrive at their hotel, which resembles a 17th century castle, complete with a gated entrance, but adorned with an "Opening Soon!" banner and signs denoting the acceptance of credit cards. They are met at the gate by Fejos , a butler with an odd sense of humor. They meet for brunch with Mayor Lepescu, where they also meet Radu , Lepescu\'s hunched-over manservant who addresses everyone as "master". Both Gil and Jack learn that something is amiss about Transylvania, despite being laughed off by the locals, including Inspector Purcek , head of the local police. After meeting the gypsy, who tells them they must continue their pursuit, they encounter a series of real-life horror creatures, including a Wolfman , a female vampire , and a swamp monster that grabs Gil by the crotch as Gil tries to escape a frightening face-to-face confrontation with the object of their mission himself. They eventually learn of a Sicilian doctor, Victorio Malavacqua , who lost his license to practice medicine. Finding out that Malavacqua has been giving care in a sanitarium, Gil tries to go there to make an appointment but is rebuffed by the guard. Gil eventually sneaks in and finds Percek and Malavacqua talking about the latter\'s "experiments", including one involving a patient, Kurt Hunyadi, that fits the description of the Frankenstein monster, which Malavacqua claimed had died. An exhumation of the body later proves otherwise. Gil learns that Radu is in cahoots with Malavacqua, serving as his lab assistant. Malavacqua also displays a tendency towards madness when within the confines of his laboratory, but returns to normal when he leaves it. It is later revealed, as Gil and Jack go on a search for Elizabeth\'s missing daughter Laura, that not only has Malavacqua faked Hunyadi\'s death, but is also his creator, along with that of the vampire Odette, the wolfman Larry, and the swamp creature Twisto. It is also revealed that Malavacqua has engaged in this type of bizarre work to clear his family\'s name. The story ties together after Jack is attacked by the Wolfman. In an attempt to rescue Jack, Gil pulls him off Jack, only to be carted off by the Wolfman. The police arrive, but refuse to listen to Jack\'s story and order him put in the local police lockup. Elizabeth rescues him and learns that the entire police force is at the wine festival instead of searching for her missing daughter. Jack heads off to Malavacqua\'s lab and Elizabeth goes to the festival. As she is being hauled away by police after confronting Percek, the town is horrified as the monster returns in the flesh, carrying Laura in his arms. Perceived to be dead, it is later learned she was just sleeping. Jack and Gil arrive, having confronted Malavacqua, and explain Malavacqua\'s actions to the townspeople, that Malavacqua was legitimately trying to create normal lives for those seen as outcasts or freaks by the townspeople, who now welcome them with open arms. Finding out that the story is even bigger than what they bargained for, Gil takes enough pictures and both gather enough material to last weeks for the tabloid. They more than make up for their failures and Mac gets his banner headline.'] ['When the film starts, Miss Piggy has discontinued a romantic relationship with Bert when rumors of the roommates being gay hit the media. Ernie comes home, and through conversation reveals that he does love Bert "that way." Bert seems not to share this sentiment, resulting in Ernie\'s suicide. The film makes no effort to hide the fact that they\'re using Sesame Workshop\'s characters. The blatant use of copyrighted characters is no doubt what initiated legal action on the part of the owners. This includes the two main characters, their likenesses and an arrangement of the Sesame Street theme song.'] [' Raiders of the Lost Brick opens up with Indiana Jones and Satipo in a jungle. The two face several traps along the way including a pit, but Indy and Satipo continue their journey. When Indiana Jones has to get across tiles that lead to the altar with the idol, he dances on them, leaving Satipo a bit confused. Once he crossed the tiles, Indy grabs the idol and runs as the temple collapses. Satipo crosses the pit first, and gestures for the idol in exchange for giving Indy the whip. Indy throws the idol, but it hits Satipo in the head and knocks him out. Indy then builds a bridge out of Lego pieces to get across the pit, and once he crosses it he retrieves the whip and idol. The boulder trap is triggered, but Indy was able to escape. Once outside of the temple, he finds René Belloq waiting for him with two Hovitos warriors. Suddenly, the boulder crashes through the doorway where it was stuck and flattens René Belloq and the Hovitos, as Indy jumps away into Jock\'s seaplane, where Indy is seen with a check list and crosses "Idol" off the list.  Indiana Jones and Marion Ravenwood are seen in a tomb with the Ark of the Covenant. As they try to fend off snakes, two German soldiers hoist the Ark out of the tomb, Indy and Marion then build a Lego elevator to escape the tomb. Indy and Marion safely get out of the tomb, and Indy goes on a horse to chase the truck that has the Ark. Indiana spots his father, Henry Jones Sr., reading a book about golf on a motorcycle. Indy jumps into the motorcycle and drives it. German soldiers on motorcycles drive toward the two and Indy grabs a flag, and knocks down both soldiers, and then uses his whip to get himself on top of the truck. The driver stops abruptly, and Indy falls onto the hood of the truck, he then accindentally pulls a piece of the hood off and falls, and goes under the truck until he reappears clinging to his whip, which was still hanging there from when he got on the truck. The grill of the truck breaks off and goes under it. Indy gets onto the grill and surfs on it, then leaps into the truck, and knocks the two German soldiers, a window frame, and a Stormtrooper out of the truck. Indy gets to the driver and pushes him out as well. Indy drives the truck, and his father then joins him to ride off into the distance.  This chapter opens up with Indy riding an amphibious vehicle in a river in a jungle. Mutt Williams comes out of a pitched tent and is delighted to see Indy coming back, but when Indy\'s vehicle gets on land and accidentally runs over Mutt\'s motorcycle, Mutt gets angry briefly. Indy shows Mutt the checklist with "Idol" and "Ark" checked off. The only unchecked item on the list is "Skull", and the two journey into the jungle. Suddenly, a rumbling sound is heard in the distance, and cutting through the jungle is Irina Spalko on a jungle cutter. The two run from and escape the cutter by falling into a ditch. They find themselves on a mine car, which runs down a track, around a rollercoaster-style loop and out a door that literally says "END OF RIDE". They see the jungle cutter again, and they continue running from it. When they go under an archway towards the temple and the jungle cutter tries to follow, it crashes. Spalko is then thrown off the vehicle and the jungle cutter gets destroyed. It forms a new machine with a saw blade, and Indy and Mutt decide to cut some pepperoni with it. Later, Indy and Mutt arrive at the temple entrance, but two natives stop them. They point to Indy, then Mutt, and then to a sign that says a person had to be as tall as a part of their spear to enter. Mutt is too short to go in, much to Indy\'s laughter, but he is able to go in anyway. Inside the temple, Indiana and Mutt run from spears  until they come across a mirror. Indy\'s reflection is Han Solo , and Mutt\'s reflection is of Chewbacca, . Later, while Irina and Mutt are in a sword duel, Indy takes the Crystal Skull from one of the skeletons. The temple collapses behind the two, probably leaving Irina to be crushed, and a close-up shows the skull as the movie ends.  On Cartoon Network and on its website, Chapter 3 replays and then Chapter 4 starts. But on the Lego Indiana Jones website, Chapter 3 does not repeat itself, as all four chapters are presented together in the order they were released. The chapter begins at a party at Indy\'s place. Mutt hangs the Crystal Skull on a string together with other lanterns and seems to be a good bug electrifier. The Idol is used as a candle holder and the Ark is used as a grill. And Henry Jones Sr.  toasts glasses with Mutt\'s cup. It is then revealed that the film was being watched in a movie theater by Lego versions of Steven Spielberg  and George Lucas, who nod at each other as the movie ends and give each other a high-five with a whip crack.'] ["Three months after the end of Le Grand Blond avec une chaussure noire, the Tall Blond Man is once again press-ganged into service, because Colonel Toulouse needs to prove that the Tall Blond Man is a real super-secret agent and not somebody chosen at random. Toulouse has a new boss—the former Minister of Agriculture has become the Minister of Interior. Perrin's assassination  and funeral  are staged—and both are comically bungled. Christine appears again, in her usual dazzling clothes. At a symphony concert—in a white backless dress, this time—she tries to shoot Francois . Eventually, Boy Gets Girl Back."] ['Pompous paleontologist Rick Marshall  has a low-level job at the La Brea Tar Pits, three years after a disastrous interview with Matt Lauer of Today became a viral video and ruined his career. Doctoral candidate student Holly Cantrell  tells him that his controversial theories combining time warps and paleontology inspired her. She shows him a fossil with an imprint of a cigarette lighter that he recognizes as his own along with a crystal made into a necklace that gives off strong tachyon energy. She convinces him to finish his tachyon amplifier and come help her on a seemingly routine expedition to the cave where Holly found the fossil, which is in the middle of nowhere. With cave gift shop owner Will Stanton ([[Danny McBride  they raft into the cave, where Marshall has detected high levels of tachyons. He activates the tachyon amplifier, triggering an earthquake that opens a time warp into which the raft falls. The group finds themselves in a desert, filled with various items from many eras, and without the amplifier. They rescue a primate-like creature, Cha-Ka  of the Pakuni tribe, who becomes their friend and guide. The gang spends a night in a cave after surviving a meeting with a fast, intelligent Tyrannosaurus they nickname "Grumpy", who develops a vendetta against Marshall for calling him stupid. Marshall receives a telepathic message begging for help and ends up in ancient ruins. There, the group encounters a race of lizard men called Sleestaks before meeting the one who sent Marshall the telepathic message, Enik the Altrusian. He explains that he was exiled by the evil Zarn who is attempting to take over Earth with his Sleestak minions, but Enik can prevent this if Marshall retrieves the tachyon amplifier. The group stumble upon a desert where many things from across time end up and they encounter many Compsognathus, Velociraptors, Grumpy, and an Allosaurus. The Allosaurus and Grumpy battle it out over the most recent thing to appear until they sense Marshall and chase him. Marshall kills the Allosaurus with liquid nitrogen and finds that the amplifier was inside the Allosaurus. The amplifier is stolen by a Pteranodon and taken to its nest. The group arrives at the nest and Marshall lightly steps through the Pteranadon eggs to retrieve the amplifier, but when he reaches it, it stops broadcasting the soundtrack to Marshalls favorite musical A Chorus Line. When the eggs begin to hatch, Holly realizes that the music was acting as a sort of lullaby keeping the Pteranadons asleep. Marshall, Will and Holly belt out "I Hope I Get It", with Cha-ka inexplicably joining in, displaying an impressive singing voice. Marshall, Will and Cha-ka celebrate their good fortune. Meanwhile, Holly pockets a dinosaur egg and learns from a recording left by the long-deceased Zarn that Enik deceived them and is actually the one planning to invade Earth, but is captured by the Sleestaks to be brought to the Library of Skulls for judgment. The others save her from being executed for helping Enik, but the villain&mdash;now possessing the amplifier, and mind-controlling the Sleestaks&mdash;leaves them to open a portal to Earth. Marshall quickly settles things with Grumpy, befriending him, and joins the others to defeat the Sleestak army and confront Enik. After the crystal link between the Land of the Lost and Earth is shattered, Will chooses to stay behind to live a better life and to prevent Enik from following Marshall and Holly back to Earth, learning later that female Pakuni are very attractive. A triumphant Marshall again appears on Today with show the dinosaur egg Holly brought back to promote his new book Matt Lauer Can Suck It. However, left behind on the Today set, the egg turns out to be a Sleestak egg as a baby hatches from it.'] ['The film is about people who are curious as to why people have been appearing shredded on a local prestigious country club. Investigation proves that the culprit is a possessed lawn mower who is about to wreak havoc.'] ['Following the death from accidental asphyxiation of Ralph Gurney, the 13th Earl of Gurney , Jack Gurney  becomes the 14th Earl of Gurney. Jack Gurney at first thinks he is God and shocks his family and friends with his talk of returning to the world to bring it love and charity, not to mention his penchant for breaking out into song and dance routines and sleeping upright on a cross. When faced with unpalatable facts , Jack puts them in his "galvanized pressure cooker" and they disappear. His unscrupulous uncle, Sir Charles , marries him to his mistress, Grace , in hopes of producing an heir and putting his nephew in an institution; the plan fails when Grace falls in love with Jack. Jack gains another ally in Sir Charles\' wife, Lady Claire , who hates her husband and befriends Jack just to spite him. She also begins sleeping with Jack\'s psychiatrist, Dr. Herder ([[Michael Bryant , to persuade him to cure Jack quickly. Herder attempts to cure him through intensive psychotherapy, to no avail; Jack so thoroughly believes that he is the "God of Love" that he dismisses any suggestion to the contrary as the rambling of lunatics. The night his wife goes into labour, Herder makes a last effort at therapy; he introduces Jack to McKyle , a patient who also believes himself to be Christ or as the patient puts it, "The Electric Messiah" who subjects an unwitting Jack to electroshock therapy. The plan is to use the electroshock to jolt Jack out of his delusions, showing him that the two men could not both be God and so he must be operating under hallucinations. The plan works, and as Grace delivers a healthy baby boy, Jack appears to return to his senses and proclaims "I\'m Jack, I\'m Jack". In truth, he now believes himself to be Jack the Ripper. Sir Charles sends for a court appointed psychiatrist  to evaluate Jack, confident that his nephew will be sent to an asylum for life. He is once again thwarted when the psychiatrist discovers that Jack was a fellow Old Etonian, bonds with him and declares him sane. Jack Gurney is now a violent psychopath with a fanatical hatred of women and an ability to pretend to be sane as needed. Jack murders Lady Claire in a fit of enraged revulsion when the aging woman tries to seduce him. He frames the Communist family butler, Tucker , for the murder. Shortly after this Sir Charles suffers a stroke and a severe loss of mental faculties and Dr. Herder loses his sanity upon realizing what Jack has done. Jack assumes his place in the House of Lords with a fiery speech in favor of capital and corporal punishment. The speech is wildly applauded and the lords have no idea that it is the ranting of a madman, in contrast to society\'s reaction when Jack believed he was Christ. That night, he murders Grace for expressing her love for him. The story\'s ending is ambiguous; Jack\'s fate is left open to interpretation.'] ['The movie opens with a Star Wars style text scroll, which tells the main situation: In year 80 AM Anno Mickey Mouse, the mice of Planet X are threatened by humiliation and total apocalypse. The well-organized, fully equipped gangs of evil cats are aiming to wipe out the mouse civilization totally, not caring for the old conventions between mice and cats. But in the last moment, when the mouse leaders are beginning to consider leaving the planet, a new hope rises... The film is a parody of several famous feature films, mainly the James Bond series. The main plot is about a special spy who is sent to the city of "Pokyo" to get the secret plan of a machine which could save the mouse civilization. Of course, the cats don\'t want this to happen, and send some rat gangsters to stop him, who don\'t always prove as efficient as their presentation showed.'] ['Pauline Stanton, a mother, travels to Hollywood to find her teenage runaway daughter Lori. Once there, Pauline discovers that Lori has become involved in the pornography industry and teams with the police to find her and get her back.'] ['The real Darna  in the Darna, Kuno? storyline became pregnant. Based on the story, Darna was impregnated by the Japanese anime robots Voltes V and Mazinger Z. Because of the pregnancy someone had to take Darna’s place temporarily as the superheroine until she had given birth. The original Darna lent her magical stone  to Dolphy who will become the male Darna dressed up in the female Darna costume. Dolphy as Darna or more specifically the Darna Pretender or replacement had to fight tikbalangs, aswangs, and other enemies. A female character, Annabel , became the other Darna Kuno in the story. She stole the magical stone from Dolphy after finding out Darna Kuno’s secret identity. Both male and female Darna Pretenders fought and defeated alien invaders. The true Darna returned to retrieve her magical stone carrying her baby who was already wearing a Darna costume.Darna Kuno  movie'] ["The film's events take place almost exclusively on August 18, 1981 at Camp Firewood, a summer camp located near Waterville, Maine. It is the last day of summer camp, which means counselors have one last chance to have a romantic encounter with another person at Camp Firewood. The summer ultimately culminates with a talent show. Beth , the camp director, struggles to keep her counselors in order &mdash; and her campers alive &mdash; while falling in love with Henry , an astrophysics associate professor at the local college. Henry has to devise a plan to save the camp from a piece of NASA's Skylab, which is falling to Earth. Coop  has a crush on Katie , his fellow counselor, but has to pry her away from her rebellious, obnoxious, and obviously unfaithful boyfriend, Andy . Only Gene , the shell-shocked Vietnam war veteran and camp chef, can help Coop win Katie &mdash; with some help from a talking can of vegetables . All the while, Gary , Gene's unfortunately chosen apprentice, and J.J.  attempt to figure out why McKinley  hasn't been with a woman; and Susie  and Ben  attempt to produce and choreograph the greatest talent show Camp Firewood has ever seen."] ["A suave, smooth burglar named King Kong tries to make up for his thieving ways by teaming up with an Albert 'Baldy' Au, a bumbling Taishanese police detective from the United States. Both work together to try to find a set of stolen diamonds; the diamonds are also being tracked by a European criminal known as 'White Gloves'. The two heroes are supervised by Superintendent Nancy Ho, who has a temper."] ['In lavatory factory W.C. Boggs & Son, the traditionalist owner W.C. Boggs  is having no end of trouble. Bolshie union representative Vic Spanner  continually stirs up trouble in the works, to the irritation of his co-workers and management. He calls a strike for almost any minor incident – or because he wants time off to attend a local football match. Sid Plummer  is the factory foreman bridging the gap between workers and management, shrewdly keeping the place going amid the unrest. Prissy lavatory designer Charles Coote ([[Charles Hawtrey  has included a bidet in his latest range of designs, but W.C. objects to the manufacture of such "distasteful" items. W.C. won\'t change his stance even after his son, Lewis  Boggs , secures a large order from abroad for the bidets. It is a deal that could save the struggling firm, which W.C. has to admit is in debt to the banks. Vic\'s dim stooge Bernie Hulke  provides bumbling assistance in both his union machinations and his attempts to woo Sid\'s daughter, factory canteen worker Myrtle . She is torn between Vic and Lew Boggs, who is something of a playboy but insists he loves her. Sid\'s wife is Beattie , a lazy housewife who does little but fuss over her pet budgie, Joey, which refuses to talk despite her concerted efforts. Their neighbour is brassy and lascivious factory worker Chloe Moore . Chloe contends with the endless strikes and with her crude, travelling salesman husband Fred , who neglects her and leaves her dissatisfied. Chloe and Sid enjoy a flirtatious relationship and are sorely tempted to stray. Unusually for Sid James, his character is a faithful husband, albeit a cheeky and sorely tempted one. Sid and Beattie find that Joey can correctly predict winners of horseraces – he tweets when the horse\'s name is read out. Sid bets on Joey\'s tips and makes several large wins – including a vital £1,000 loaned to W.C. when the banks refuse a bridging loan – before Sid is barred by his bookie. The strikers finally return to work, but it is only to attend the annual works outing, a coach trip to Brighton. A good time is had by all with barriers coming down between workers and management, thanks largely to that great social lubricant, alcohol. W.C. becomes intoxicated and spends the day – and it seems the night – with his faithful, adoring secretary, Miss Hortense Withering . Lew Boggs manages to win Myrtle from Vic Spanner, giving his rival a beating, and the couple elope. After arriving home late after the outing and with Fred away, Chloe invites Sid in for a cup of tea. They fight their desires and ultimately decide not to have the tea fearing that neighbours might see Sid enter Chloe\'s home and get the wrong idea. At the picket lines the next day, Vic gets his comeuppance – partly at the hands of his mother  – and the workers and management all pull together to produce the big order to save the firm.'] ["In the third and final episode of the trilogy, Fantômas imposes a head tax on the rich, threatening to kill those who do not comply. Journalist Fandor and commissaire Juve are invited to Scotland by Lord McRashley . Lord McRashley, one of Fantômas' potential victims, uses his castle as the headquarters to set up a trap for the menace called Fantômas."] ['Ronnie Dobbs —a redneck petty criminal whose hijinks are caught on tape by a Cops-like television show called Fuzz—is noticed by failing infomercial personality/inventor Terry Twillstein , who notices Dobbs\'s popularity with lowbrow viewers. He promotes the idea for a Ronnie Dobbs show to television executives entitled "Ronnie Dobbs Gets Arrested" in which Ronnie is arrested in a different city each week. The show becomes a phenomenal success leading to a level of fame & fortune that dramatically changes Dobbs life.'] ['Hitman Trabucco has been hired to eliminate Rudy "Disco" Gambola before he testifies against fellow members of the Mob, but completing the contract becomes problematic once he encounters suicidal Victor Clooney, an emotionally disturbed television censor staying in the room adjacent to his in the Ramona Hotel in Riverside, California. When Victor climbs onto the ledge outside his window, Trabucco convinces him not to jump by agreeing to drive him to the Institute for Sexual Fulfillment, the nearby clinic where Victor\'s wife Celia, a researcher for 60 Minutes, is gathering information for a segment on the program. At the clinic, Victor discovers Celia has fallen in love with Dr. Zuckerbrot, who is concerned her husband\'s suicide will reflect badly on his practice. Trabucco accidentally is injected with a tranquilizer intended for Victor, who volunteers to fulfill the killer\'s contract when Trabucco\'s vision is impaired. After overcoming assorted complications, Victor completes his task. However, despite Victor\'s high hopes, Trabucco has no intention of sticking together and parts ways with him following their escape. Trabucco retires to a tropical island, where he unexpectedly is joined by his nemesis after Celia runs off with Dr. Zuckerbrot\'s female receptionist to become a lesbian couple. Desperate to see Victor gone, Trabucco suggests to his native attendant to reinstate the old custom of human sacrifices for the local volcano ...'] ['In the fictional metropolis of Champion City, three men  attempt to make a name for themselves as superheroes, but find themselves upstaged by the well-sponsored Captain Amazing . However, Amazing is finding that his skill at capturing villains has left the city with virtually no crime, and his corporate sponsors are threatening to terminate his funding. In order to create a need for a superhero, Amazing uses his alter ego, the billionaire lawyer Lance Hunt, to argue for the release of the insane supervillain Casanova Frankenstein . The plan backfires; once reunited with Tony P  and his Disco Boys, Frankenstein blows up the insane asylum, captures Amazing, and sets his sights on creating a doomsday device, the "Psycho-frakulator", which can bend reality. Mr. Furious, while spying on Frankenstein\'s mansion, discovers Amazing\'s abduction and tells the others. The three realize they need more allies, and through word-of-mouth and try-outs, they bring aboard The Spleen , Invisible Boy , and The Bowler . The newly formed team "assaults" Casanova, which only succeeds in annoying him and damaging his car. While celebrating their victory, Tony P and his Disco Boys nearly kill the group, but they are saved by the Sphinx . The Sphinx begins to train them, annoying Mr. Furious with his methods – he has them complete rote team-building exercises and speaks exclusively in platitudes. They also recruit mad scientist Dr. Heller  who specializes in non-lethal weaponry. Attempting to save Captain Amazing, the group breaks into Casanova\'s mansion during a gathering of the city\'s various gangs. In their attempts to free him, however, Amazing becomes the first victim of the Psycho-frakulator. Without Amazing, the team despairs that there is no way they can save the city, but the Shoveler delivers a classic pep-talk that succeeds in changing the group\'s spirit. They assault the mansion, subduing most of the henchmen with their weapons and using their negligible powers to surprisingly good effect. Unfortunately, as the heroes approach Frankenstein, he reveals that he has kidnapped Mr. Furious\' girlfriend, then proceeds to activate the Psycho-frakulator and wreak havoc upon the city. While the team tries to stop the device, Mr. Furious takes on Frankenstein. After being taunted by and taking a beating from Frankenstein, Mr. Furious unleashes his inner rage and actually manages to fight effectively. He defeats Frankenstein, who is thrown into the core of the Psycho-frakulator and killed by its reality-bending powers. The rest of the team helps the Bowler use her bowling ball to destroy the Psycho-frakulator. They escape the mansion as the device implodes, killing several villains inside. As the film closes, the team is interviewed by reporters, begging to know what their team name is. As they argue amongst themselves, one reporter states "Well, whoever they are, Champion City owes a great debt of gratitude to these \'Mystery Men\'," but the others are too busy arguing to hear it.'] ["The film follows a modern version of Sinbad the Sailor, who must undertake seven tasks to halt an impending disaster that threatens to wipe out all humanity. Adrian Sinbad is a millionaire owner of an oil company and the descendant of a long-line of great mariners. He and a small group of people fly to the Indian Ocean after learning that his oil rig that has has been sunk after taken over by Somalian pirates. The helicopter becomes trapped in a thunderstorm and Sinbad refuses to go back, ignoring the pleas of his pilot. The helicopter crashes into the sea and he is washed ashore, Sinbad later battles a giant crab and meets up with his surviving crew, Gemma and Whitaker as well as Mehrak, the leader of the Somalian pirates, and Atash, the oil tanker's captain and his crew member. Sinbad also encounters Loa, a female warrior living on the island. Loa tells Sinbad that he must fulfill a long-forgotten pledge and become a warrior to save the world from catastrophe from Elmec Ishu, a supernatural force that is angered by the oil spill after Sinbad's rig is sunk. The island suddenly experiences a violent earthquake, and the group then plunges into the sea, the island is actually the back of an enormous but harmless sea creature and they are attacked by a flock of large flying reptiles , they take them back to their nest to be fed to their young. Meanwhile, Simon, the CEO of Sinbad's company, takes over while Sinbad is missing. The group manage to fight off a Roc and flee their nest, but a crew member is devoured by a young Roc. They flee to a cave, which is home to a club-wielding Cyclops. Whitaker checks out the inside of the cave, but is ultimately killed and possibly eaten by the Cyclops. Sinbad blinds the Cyclops and later trips and impales him by a stalagmite. When night falls, the men are seduced and hypnotized by some Sirens, and are to be eaten by them. Loa and Gemma prepare to kill the Sirens when it is darker, so that they can avoid getting hypnotized by looking into their eyes. But unfortunately, Gemma is hypnotized by a Siren and devoured. Loa kills all of the Sirens as they are preparing to devour the men, and Sinbad finishes off their queen. Later Sinbad and his companions enter a small village, called 'Utopia', where all those who are stranded join. Loa realizes her father is the leader of the 'Utopia' and Sinbad, Mehrak, and Atash are forced to fight each other. Atash is shot by one of them after Mehrak refuses to kill him. Sinbad tries to convince the people that he knows a way to escape, but one of them says he's lying, Loa kills the man and a fight is started between those who want to join Sinbad and those who want 'Utopia'. Mehrak is injured and fights gallantly but is killed seeing her father get injured. while trying to distract them while Sinbad and Loa escape. Sinbad knows that he must retrieve otherworldly crystals in a mountain, in order to escape the island and lowers himself down, and retrieves the crystal and kills a demon residing in the mountain with explosives. Sinbad and Loa learn that the crystal produces steam when in contacts with water after her father died. They use an old hot-air balloon and use the crystal to power the balloon, and find a ship and call for help, Loa is missing but the ship crew manages to find her. Sinbad and Loa head back to his company and uses his mini submarine to head into the sea to bring the oil rig to surface while Elmec Ishu unleashes his wrath on the city by summoning deadly water spouts, Simon is killed after sabotaging Sinbad's mission. The submarine is confronted by a giant squid, but it does not attack them, the oil rig is successfully raised and Elmec Ishu stops his rampage and appears, and commands the squid to bring the submarine to safety.{{cite web}}"] ["While discussing a new book idea, a modern-day evangelical Pastor, Dan Day , accidentally shoots atheist Dr. Paul Blaylock  in the head. Pastor Day tries to make it look like a suicide, fearing the damage to his reputation if word were to get out. However, reborn church-goer and ex-deadhead Carl  witnesses the act. Carl has to endure attacks by fellow church-goers at Day's request , his own family's skepticism about his story, and a Mexican crime lord who kidnaps him looking to blackmail both Carl and Pastor Day with footage of the accident."] ['Truman Burbank  lived his entire life, since before birth, in front of cameras for The Truman Show, although he is unaware of this fact. Truman\'s life is filmed through thousands of hidden cameras, 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, and broadcast live around the world, allowing executive producer Christof  to capture Truman\'s real emotion and human behavior when put in certain situations. Truman\'s hometown of Seahaven is a complete set built under a giant arcological dome, populated by the show\'s actors and crew, allowing Christof to control every aspect of Truman\'s life, even the weather. To prevent Truman from discovering his false reality, Christof has invented means of dissuading his sense of exploration, including "killing" his father in a storm while on a fishing trip to instill in him a fear of the water, and making many news reports and \'adverts\' about the dangers of travelling, and featuring television shows about how good it is to stay at home. However, despite Christof\'s control, Truman has managed to behave in unexpected manners, in particular falling in love with an extra, Sylvia , instead of Meryl, the character intended to be his wife. Though Sylvia is removed from the set quickly, her memory still resonates with him, and he \'secretly\' thinks of her outside of his marriage to Meryl. Sylvia shortly afterwards becomes part of a "Free Truman" campaign that fights to have Truman freed from the show. During the 30th year of "The Truman Show", Truman begins to notice certain aspects of his near-perfect world that seem out of place, such as a falling spotlight from the artificial night sky constellations that nearly hits him  and Truman\'s car radio accidentally picking up conversation between the show\'s crew. As well as these strange one-off occurrences, Truman also becomes aware of more subtle abnormalities within his regular day-to-day life, such as the way in which the same people appear in the same places at certain times each day and Meryl\'s tendency to blatantly advertise the various products she buys. These events are punctuated by the reappearance of Truman\'s supposedly "dead" father onto the set, at first dressed as a hobo. The old man is suddenly whisked away as soon as Truman notices him. Despite the best efforts of his family and his best friend Marlon to reassure him , all these events cause Truman to start wondering about his life, realizing how the world seems to revolve around him. Meryl grows increasingly stressed by the pressure of perpetuating the deception, and their marriage unravels in the face of Truman\'s increasing skepticism and attendant hostility towards her. Truman seeks to get away from Seahaven but is blocked by the inability to arrange for flights, bus breakdowns, sudden masses of traffic, a forest fire, and an apparent nuclear meltdown. After Meryl breaks down and is taken off the show, Christof officially brings back Truman\'s father, hoping his presence will keep Truman from trying to leave. However, he only provides a temporary respite: Truman soon becomes isolated and begins staying alone in his basement after Meryl "leaves" him. One night, Truman manages to fool the cameras and escapes the basement undetected via a secret tunnel, forcing Christof to temporarily suspend broadcasting of the show for the first time in its history. This causes a surge in viewership, with many viewers, including Sylvia, cheering on Truman\'s escape attempt. Christof orders every actor and crew member to search the town, even breaking the town\'s daylight cycle to help in the search. They find that Truman has managed to overcome his fear of the water and has been sailing away from the town in a small boat named Santa Maria . After restoring the broadcast, Christof orders the show\'s crew to create a large storm to try to capsize the boat, prompting a heated debate with his superiors over the morality and legality of killing Truman off in front of a live global audience. However, Truman\'s determination eventually leads Christof to terminate the storm. As Truman recovers, the boat reaches the edge of the dome, its bow piercing through the dome\'s painted sky. An awe-struck Truman then discovers a flight of stairs nearby, leading to a door marked "EXIT". As he contemplates leaving his world, Christof speaks directly to Truman via a powerful sound system, trying to persuade him to stay and arguing that there is no more truth in the real world than there is in his own, artificial world. Truman, after a moment\'s thought, delivers his catchphrase, "In case I don\'t see you... good afternoon, good evening, and good night," bows to his audience, and steps through the door and into the real world. The assembled television viewers excitedly celebrate Truman\'s escape, and Sylvia quickly leaves her apartment to reunite with him. A network executive orders the crew to cease transmission. With the show completed, members of Truman\'s former audience are shown looking for something else to watch.'] ["{{Expand section}} Fathom Harvill  is an American skydiver touring Europe with a U.S. parachute team when she's approached by Douglas Campbell ([[Ronald Fraser , a Scottish agent, who wants Fathom to help find a triggering mechanism for a nuclear weapon that has gone missing in the Mediterranean. It soon becomes clear, however, that there is more to the situation than meets the eye."] ['Facing numerous assassination attempts, a Swedish scientist who has invented an anti-gravity device and his daughter seek to provide the invention to the United Kingdom. With James Bond unavailable, H.M. Government provides Agent Charles Vine, a former mathematician, as a bodyguard and exterminator.'] ['The film revolves around college football and a game between the fictional Darwin and Huxley Colleges.  Many of the jokes about the amateur status of collegiate football players and how eligibility rules are stretched by collegiate athletic departments remain remarkably current.Horse Feathers at Filmsite.org. Groucho plays Quincy Adams Wagstaff, the new president of Huxley College, and Zeppo is his son Frank, who convinces his father to recruit professional football players to help Huxley\'s team. There are also many references to Prohibition. Baravelli  is an "iceman", who delivers ice and bootleg liquor from a local speakeasy. Pinky  is also an "iceman", and a part-time dogcatcher. Through a series of misunderstandings, Baravelli and Pinky are recruited to play on Huxley\'s football team; this requires them to enroll as students at Huxley, which creates chaos throughout the school. The climax of the movie, often referenced as one of the greatest football-related scenes in movie history,[http://sports.espn.go.com/espn/page2/story?pagehttp://www.time.com/time/magazine/0,9263,7601320815,00.html |title2007-04-02 |last |authorlink |date |month |publisher |language |archivedate }}'] ['Shampoo is set during a 24-hour period in 1968, on the eve of a presidential election that would result in Richard Nixon\'s election to the American presidency. George Roundy  is a successful Beverly Hills hairdresser, whose occupation and charisma have provided him the perfect platform from which to meet, and bed, beautiful women, including his current girlfriend Jill . Despite this, George is dissatisfied with his professional life; he is clearly the creative star of the salon, but is forced to play second fiddle to the "nickel-and-diming," mediocre hairdresser who owns the place. He dreams of setting up his own salon business, but lacking the cash to do so, turns to wealthy lover Felicia  and her unsuspecting husband Lester  to bankroll him. George\'s meeting with Lester supplies a second secret for him to keep from his would-be benefactor: Lester\'s current mistress, Jackie , is George\'s former girlfriend, perhaps the most serious relationship he has ever had. Lester, who assumes George is gay, invites him to escort Jackie to a Republican Party election night soiree, at which George finds himself in the same room as a number of present and former sexual partners. The principals adjourn to a posh counterculture party, and the night quickly descends into drugs, alcohol and sexual indulgence. In the film\'s dramatic climax, Lester and Jill happen upon George and Jackie having vigorous sex on a kitchen floor. Just before their identities are revealed, an impressed Lester exclaims: "Now, that\'s what I call fucking!" When Jill recognizes the writhing couple, she throws a chair at them; as George backpedals, trying to placate Jill, Jackie sees him for the cad he is, and flees. George realizes that Jackie is his true love and proposes to her. By then, however, it is too late: Jackie announces that Lester is divorcing Felicia and taking Jackie to Acapulco. With Felicia gone, Jill gone, and now Jackie gone, the film thus pairs sexual revelation with George\'s deeper moral development, but ends bleakly for the protagonist, despite his epiphany.'] ['A parody of Westerns, it is set in the fictitious town of Stodge City . An outlaw known as The Rumpo Kid  arrives in town and quickly turns the quiet town into a base for his network of cattle rustlers and thieves, despite the limited protests of the inept Judge Burke , who is also the town\'s teetotaling mayor. When the inept sheriff, Albert Earp , is brought in, he is quickly dispatched by Rumpo. In Washington DC, Englishman Marshal P. Knutt , a "sanitation engineer first class", arrives in America in the hope of revolutionising the American sewage system. He accidentally walks into the office of the Commissioner, thinking it to be the Public Works Department, and is mistaken for the new US Peace Marshal for Stodge City. The Rumpo Kid hears of the new Marshal, and tries all he can to kill the Marshal without being caught, including sending out a pack of Indians, led by their Chief Big Heap ([[Charles Hawtrey  and hanging the Marshal after framing him for cattle rustling. Knutt is saved by the prowess of Annie Oakley , who has taken a liking to Knutt. Eventually, Knutt runs the Kid out of town, but once Rumpo discovers that Knutt really is a sanitary engineer and not the Peace Marshal he once thought, the Kid swears revenge, returning to Stodge City for a showdown, in an explicit parody of High Noon. By hiding beneath the manholes in the main street , Knutt kills off Rumpo\'s gang, but fails to capture Rumpo, who escapes with the aide of Belle , the local madam.'] ["While hiding from the royal authorities, Giacomo Casanova , the famous romancer, encounters his look-alike: Jacomino, a fugitive petty con man. Meanwhile, the Arabian Caliph and his wife are arriving in Venice for a state visit, and she insists on a night with the legendary lover. Through a series of erotic encounters and mistaken-identity comedies, Jacomo and Jacomino make their way back to Venice for their appointment with the Caliph's wife."] ['The film is set in a teaching hospital in Manhattan and centers around Dr. Bock , the Chief of Medicine, whose life is in disarray: his wife has left him, his children don\'t talk to him, and his once-beloved teaching hospital is falling apart. The hospital suffers from the sudden deaths of two doctors and a nurse. These are attributed to coincidental or unavoidable failures to provide accurate treatment. At the same time, administrators must deal with a protest against the hospital\'s annexation of an adjacent and decrepit apartment building. The annexation is to be used for a drug rehabilitation center; the building\'s current occupants demand that the hospital find them replacement housing before the building is demolished despite the building being condemned sometime before. As Dr. Bock complains of impotence and has thoughts of suicide, he falls for Barbara Drummond , a patient\'s daughter who both came from Mexico for her father\'s treatment. This temporarily gives Dr. Bock something to live for after Barbara confronts him. The deaths are discovered to have initiated by Barbara\'s father, as retribution for the "inhumanity" of modern medical treatment. Drummond\'s victims would have been saved if they\'d received prompt, appropriate treatment -- but they didn\'t. Dr. Bock and Barbara use a final, accidental death of a doctor at the hospital to cover Drummond\'s tracks, while Barbara takes her father back to JFK airport to escape back to Mexico; leaving Dr. Bock at his insistence to try and organize the chaotic Hospital. It was filmed at Metropolitan Hospital Center in New York.'] ['Stacy Holt , an associate producer on a daytime talk show , is convinced that her boyfriend Derek  is the right man for her, though he has an apparent phobia of commitment, and he\'s vague about his past relationships. Taking the advice of colleague Barb , she looks at his Palm Tungsten C and its record of the names and numbers of three ex-girlfriends, a French supermodel , a gynecologist  and a cook . She sets up an interview with each woman, in an attempt to learn more about and get closer to Derek. However, Stacy\'s plan suffers a setback when she develops a friendship with one of the women. Stacy is eventually betrayed by Barb, when she, Derek and the ex-girlfriends are brought together on stage for a live broadcast during sweeps season. During the show, Stacy comes to the realization that she is not the right one for Derek and lets him go. On the way out, Barb, clearly out of her mind, tells Stacy that her actions were not premeditated and goes on to call the "event" a masterpiece. With a live camera behind her, Stacy responds with, "I should tear your eyes out right now. But how will you be able to look at yourself in the morning?", which the audience cheers on. Stacy, then, departs from the studio, as the camera stays a humiliated Barb. In the end, Stacy winds up earning her dream job working for Diane Sawyer{{cite news}} and meets her idol, Carly Simon.'] ["The journalist Art Brighton goes undercover to investigate the granddaughter of a recently deceased rich woman, killed in a drug-related car crash. The girl, Joan Barrie, will inherit the fortune of her grandmother if she is able to fulfill a morals clause in the will. Joan's cousin Linda Clayton and her husband Jack will try to frame Joan to acquire the fortune themselves. The journalist tries to save Joan and dismantle the criminal gang of marijuana-dealing youths to which Linda belongs. While the newspaper tries to show the horrible dangers of marijuana to the general public, violence scales in the town in the form of obscene all-night drug parties where anything can happen."] ["Bumbling pirate crewman  kills his captain after learning where he has hidden buried treasure. However as he begins to lose his memory, he relies more and more on the ghost of the man he's murdered to help him find the treasure. This film provided a reunion of sorts for Sellers with his onetime Goon Show colleague Spike Milligan, who appears halfway through the film."] ['Jonathon Tibbs, son of a family of English gunsmiths, has no interest in the business and prefers inventing gadgets, in particular a steam-powered horseless carriage. Threatened with disinheritance if he does not report for work, he discovers that the company is not doing very well, and concludes that someone must expand their sales. He reads in his newspaper about the wide use of guns in the American West of the 1880s, and decides to go there himself to sell firearms to the locals. He ends up at the small lawless town of Fractured Jaw and inadvertently acquires a reputation for quickness on the draw, due to his wrist-mounted Derringer style weapon. He is innocently drawn into a range war between the "Box T" and "Lazy S" cattle outfits, both of whom claim sole water rights and, when he proves able to stand up to their hired gunmen, is appointed sheriff. He endeavours to clean up the town using what skills he has, and by multilateral diplomacy. He attracts the support of Miss Kate, a blonde bombshell hotel owner, who helps him to fight off the hired guns of both cattle ranches, who all want him dead. Earning the respect of the local Indian tribe, he becomes a blood brother of theirs, under the name of \'Fleet Iron Hat\'. When he and Kate are besieged by the gunmen of both outfits, they come to his rescue and help to arrest the men. The two ranch owners eventually offer a deal to maintain the peace and share the water rights. With relative peace restored, Jonathon decides to remain in Fractured Jaw, becomes an American citizen and marries Kate.'] ["The film is a 20th-century adaptation of Voltaire's 1759 social satire novel Candide, ou l’Optimisme. Set in the World War II-era, it follows the adventures of Candide, an orphaned Westphalian<ref namehttp://www.tcm.com/tcmdb/title.jsp?stidOverview for Candide |yearTurner Classic Movies |accessdatehttp://books.google.pl/books?idPA143&lpg#vfalse |titleAmerican Film Institute |publisher143 |year0-520-20970-2}}"] ['Fictional television station WIDB-TV  experiences problems with its late-night airing of science-fiction classic Amazon Women on the Moon, a 1950s B-movie in which Queen Lara  and Capt. Nelson ([[Steve Forrest  battle exploding volcanoes and man-eating spiders on the moon. In place of the faltering film, the channel airs various other movie clips, trailers, commercials, public service announcements, infomercials and talk shows in between a few snippets of the main feature. These segments feature: * Arsenio Hall as a man who nearly kills himself in a series of mishaps around his apartment; * Monique Gabrielle as a model who goes about her daily routine in Malibu, California, completely naked; * Lou Jacobi as a man, zapped into the television, wandering throughout sketches looking for his wife; * Michelle Pfeiffer and Peter Horton as a young couple having trouble with eccentric doctor Griffin Dunne delivering and then concealing their newborn baby; * Joe Pantoliano as the presenter of a commercial recommending stapling carpet to a bald head as a hair loss prevention measure; * David Alan Grier and B.B. King in a public-service appeal for "blacks without soul"; * Rosanna Arquette as a young woman on a blind date, employing unusual methods of investigation to reveal the past indiscretions of Steve Guttenberg; * Henry Silva as the host of a show entitled Bullshit or Not?, clearly intended as a spoof of In Search Of . . .; * Archie Hahn as a man who dies after a critical mauling  and is roasted at his funeral by a variety of people, including his wife; * William Marshall as the leader of a gang of pirates illegally bootlegging videotapes; * Ed Begley, Jr. as the son of the Invisible Man, having trouble with his formula; * Angel Tompkins as a First Lady who is also a former hooker; * Matt Adler as a sexually frustrated teenager who becomes a spokesperson for a condom company; * Marc McClure renting a personalized date video; * and an epilogue at the end of the credits, with Carrie Fisher and Paul Bartel in a black-and-white ephemeral film warning about the spread of "social diseases" in the style of Reefer Madness.  An alternate version of the "Pethouse Video" sketch was filmed for the television broadcast of the film, with Monique Gabrielle in lingerie instead of appearing naked throughout the segment. Most European TV broadcasts of the film, however, retained the original theatrical version. Bullshit or Not? was retitled Baloney or Not? for the TV version. The American television edit, in addition to the alternative "Pethouse Video" sketch, features a additional bridging sequence between the death of Harvey Pitnik and his subsequent celebrity roast. In it, the mortician successfully cons Pitnik\'s widow into having the celebrity roast as part of the funeral. The DVD release features an unreleased sketch titled "The Unknown Soldier," starring Robert Loggia. Some television broadcasts of the film featured the sketches "Peter Pan Theater" and "The French Ventriloquist\'s Dummy," which were not present in the theatrical version.'] ['Teenager Mary Cummings , who has "been born again her whole life," is about to enter her senior year at American Eagle Christian High School near Baltimore. She and her two best friends, Hilary Faye  and Veronica , have formed a girl group called the Christian Jewels. Everything seems perfect—until Mary’s "perfect Christian boyfriend" Dean Withers  tells her, as they’re swimming underwater, that he thinks he\'s gay. In her shock, Mary hits her head in the pool and has a vision in which Jesus tells her that she must do everything she can to help Dean. Hoping for a sign, Mary goes to a shooting range with Hilary Faye, who has a "spiritual solution for everything" and tells Mary  that if all else fails, Jesus could still restore their "spiritual and emotional virginity." Believing that Jesus will restore her purity, Mary sacrifices her virginity to have sex with Dean in an attempt to restore his heterosexuality. Despite Mary\'s efforts, when she comes by Dean\'s house on the morning of the first day of school, Dean\'s parents tell her that they found gay pornography under his bed and that they\'re sending him to Mercy House, a Christian treatment center. Mary tells her friends, as well as Hilary\'s brother Roland , who uses a wheelchair, about Dean\'s homosexuality, and makes them promise to keep it a secret. When they arrive at school, they see Cassandra Edelstein , the school\'s only Jewish student and a rebel who despises Hilary. In homeroom, Mary meets new student Patrick , the son of the school\'s principal, Pastor Skip Wheeler , a skateboarder who has been doing missionary work  in South America. Mary tries to put up a good front at the assembly, in which Cassandra fakes speaking in tongues in order to get under the skins of the other students. Mary soon realizes that she is pregnant from her encounter with Dean. When she goes to Planned Parenthood to confirm the pregnancy, she is seen by Roland and Cassandra. Roland reveals that he isn\'t really a Christian, unlike his fanatically religious sister. Cassandra reveals she\'s only at American Eagle after being thrown out of her old school. Roland and Cassandra bond over their shared skepticism. Mary finds out that she\'s not due to give birth until after her high school graduation and decides to hide her condition from her friends and family until then. However, she feels forsaken by Jesus and loses her faith, causing her to be ostracized by Hilary and replaced in the Christian Jewels with a previously unpopular girl, Tia , who\'s been struggling to get into the Christian Jewels for years. Later, after Pastor Skip gets word about Mary, he tells the Jewels to help Mary regain her faith, but they seem to misunderstand him and stop Mary in the street and try to exorcise her of demons instead. By Christmas, Mary is still hiding her pregnancy. Cassandra mocks her about it when they are alone in the bathroom, but when she realizes Mary\'s anguish, Cassandra changes her tone and offers her support. They cut school with Roland, and the three of them become good friends. When they run into Patrick and Hilary at the mall, Cassandra distracts Hilary  while Patrick and Mary sneak away and Patrick confesses his feelings for Mary. Pastor Skip warns his son when they\'re at home together against dating Mary, even as Pastor Skip  has been secretly dating Mary\'s mother, Lillian . A few months later, after multiple fights at school between Hilary Faye and Cassandra, Pastor Skip puts Roland, Cassandra and Mary on the school prom committee  to punish them. While working together, Patrick asks Mary to go with him to the prom as "friends," which Mary accepts. Later that day, Roland and Cassandra get their hands on a picture of a younger, much heavier, and much more awkward Hilary Faye and load it onto the desktop of every computer in the school. The next day, someone vandalizes the school with graffiti. Mary and Cassandra are initially the prime suspects, and to their shock the spray cans are found in their lockers. While searching the lockers with the Jewels looking on, Mary\'s homeroom teacher finds a sonogram of Mary\'s baby. She tries to hide it, but it drops to the ground in front of Pastor Skip\'s feet. Cassandra is expelled from school, while Mary is banned from the prom. Pastor Skip tells Lillian that he will break off their relationship if she doesn\'t send Mary to Mercy House. Lillian decides that she\'s going to send Mary away, saying that it\'s the best thing for Mary and the baby, but secretly because she doesn\'t want Skip to break up with her. Despite being banned, Cassandra and Roland scheme to go to prom and to bring Mary with them, providing her with a dress and inviting Patrick to meet them. Roland also finds that Hilary Faye charged several cans of spray paint to her credit card just hours before the attack—apparently indicating that she was the one who spray-painted the school. Hilary Faye, Tia and Veronica head to the prom. On their way in, Tia finds a credit-card receipt for the spray paint—signed by Hilary Faye. When Mary, Patrick, Cassandra and Roland arrive, Hilary attempts to have Mary and Cassandra thrown out, but Pastor Skip decides to let them stay. The four then accuse Hilary Faye of committing the vandalism herself and framing Mary and Cassandra for it as revenge for humiliating her. Hilary Faye reluctantly swears before God that she is innocent. Fed up with Hilary Faye\'s hypocrisy, Tia reveals the signed receipt. Veronica turns on her as well, calling her a "fake". As Hilary Faye flees with the others in pursuit, Dean suddenly arrives with other teenagers from Mercy House. Dean is surprised, but not upset, by Mary\'s pregnancy; he meets Patrick warmly, and Mary is similarly accepting towards Dean\'s roommate/boyfriend Mitch. Pastor Skip tries to send the new arrivals back to Mercy House, but they refuse, and Mary and her friends support them. Suddenly, Hilary crashes her van into the school\'s huge effigy of Jesus. Realizing what she has done, she breaks down in tears of regret. Cassandra shows some sympathy towards Hilary, feeling sorry for her. As paramedics arrive to the accident scene, Mary abruptly goes into labor and is taken to the hospital. In her hospital room, Mary\'s and Dean\'s friends and family crowd around the baby girl, while Pastor Skip waits outside debating whether to come in. In a voice-over, Mary tells the audience how she has returned to believing in a God who loves and helps the ones that love and help others in need.'] ['The Monster Squad is a society of young pre-teens who idolize classic monsters and monster movies and hold their meetings in a tree clubhouse. Club leader Sean , whose five-year-old sister Phoebe  desperately wants to join the club, is given the diary of legendary vampire hunter Abraham Van Helsing  - but his excitement is toned down when he finds it\'s written in German. Sean, his best friend Patrick , and the rest of the Monster Squad visit an elderly man, known as the "Scary German Guy" , actually a kind gentleman, to translate the diary. When the Monster Squad wonders how the German man is knowledgeable about Van Helsing\'s battle with monsters, he wryly comments that "he has some experience with monsters" and his shirt sleeve briefly reveals a concentration camp tattoo. The diary describes, in great detail, an amulet that is composed of concentrated good. One day out of every century, as the forces of good and evil reach a balance, the otherwise indestructible amulet becomes vulnerable to destruction, and the next day of balance falls within a couple days, at the stroke of midnight. The kids realize they must gain possession of the amulet before the day of balance arrives; once they have the amulet, the kids can use it — with an incantation from Van Helsing\'s diary — to open a hole in the universe and cast the monsters into Limbo. As shown in the prelude, van Helsing had unsuccessfully attempted this one hundred years ago in order to defeat his old adversary Count Dracula; his apprentices then emigrated to the United States to hide the amulet, where it was out of Dracula\'s immediate reach. Dracula, meanwhile, seeks to obtain the amulet before the Monster Squad does, so that the Count can take control of the world and plunge it into darkness. To this end he assembles several monstrous allies: a mummy, and an amphibious gill-man, and a Wolfman, in addition to three school girls  whom the Count transforms into his vampiric consorts. Dracula steals a crate from an old World War II bomber in flight , thus completing his allies. However, Frankenstein\'s monster is reluctant to aid Dracula, and wanders into the forest where he encounters Phoebe. Rather than being afraid, she shows him the kindness he has also sought, and he gets acquainted with her. After Phoebe shows the Monster Squad that Frankenstein\'s monster is not evil, he chooses to help the boys instead of Dracula. The amulet turns out to be buried in a stone room, under a house that Dracula and the other monsters now occupy and where Van Helsing\'s diary was found. The secret room is littered with wards which prevent the monsters from simply taking it. The Monster Squad finds and removes the amulet, and escape Dracula\'s grasp only with sheer luck and a talent for improvisation . The German man informs them that the incantation must be read by a female virgin. As midnight approaches, the Squad makes their way to a local cathedral to make their last stand — and in the nick of time, as shortly after they leave, Dracula destroys their clubhouse with a stick of dynamite. This also calls up another helper for the Monster Squad: Sean\'s father, Police Detective Del, who has been charged to investigate the strange happenings in town of late  but has been quite skeptical about their supernatural causes, not to mention Sean\'s hobby, in the first place. Del is further puzzled when he is getting warnings from the werewolf that his family is in danger, as the werewolf is actually also a reluctant pawn of Dracula in his human form. Unfortunately, the doors to the cathedral are locked, so the incantation must be read on the stoop, leaving the Squad vulnerable. The Monster Squad has the assistance of Sean\'s father and Patrick\'s older sister , as she\'s the only virgin they know who speaks German. Unfortunately, with time winding down, the incantation fails since Lisa is actually not a virgin anymore. As Dracula\'s Brides and the other monsters close in, it is realized that Phoebe, being five, must still be a virgin, and the German Guy attempts to help her read the incantation as the rest of the Squad fends off the monsters. In the ensuing battle, the vampiresses, the Mummy, the Gill-Man, and the Wolf-Man are killed. Dracula arrives and is about to kill Phoebe when the Frankenstein Creature turns against him, impaling him on a wrought-iron fence. Phoebe finishes the incantation, opening the portal which begins to consume the bodies of the monsters. Dracula, still alive, attempts to drag Sean in with him, but Sean is saved at the last minute by stabbing Dracula with a wooden stake, and Van Helsing, who briefly escaped from Limbo to take Dracula to his doom. Although Phoebe tries tearfully to hold onto him, Frankenstein\'s Creature says he must also enter the portal, but accepts a gift of a stuffed animal to remember Phoebe. The portal then closes, ensuring the world\'s safety.'] ['The Lovedolls return from their untimely demise in this sequel to the Super-8 trash classic Desperate Teenage Lovedolls . Patch Kelley  becomes Patch Christ, the leader of an acid-damaged religious cult who rescues has been Kitty Karryall  from a boozy, wasted life. Once reunited, they recruit Sunset Boulevard hooker Alexandria "Cheetah" Axethrasher  to replace the recently murdered Bunny Tremelo . Rainbow Tramaine , from the Freedom School in New Mexico ventures to Hollywood to discover his twin brother Johnny has committed suicide after taking The Lovedolls to the top, as their manager. The She Devils leader Tanya Hearst\'s mother, Patricia Ann Cloverfield  is back in town to even the score. Meanwhile obsessed fanatic Carl Celery  lives in his own world of Lovedoll worship, only to carry out an assassination of Brews Springstien . With special guest appearances by Vicki Peterson , Jello Biafra  & Sky Saxon .'] ['In 1975 San Diego, Ron Burgundy  is the famous and successful anchorman for KVWN-TV Channel 4 Evening News. He works alongside his friends on the news team: fashion-oriented lead field reporter Brian Fantana , sportscaster Champion "Champ" Kind , and a "legally retarded" chief meteorologist Brick Tamland . The team is notified by their boss, Ed Harken , that their station has maintained its long-held status as the highest-rated news program in San Diego, leading them to throw a wild party. While getting drunk, Ron sees an attractive blond woman and immediately tries to hit on her. After an awkward, failed pick-up attempt, the woman leaves. The next day, Ed informs the team that he has been forced by the network to hire Veronica Corningstone , a female news reporter from Asheville, North Carolina &ndash; and the same woman Ron had tried to pick up the night before. The news team attempts to seduce Veronica using various inept, arrogant and sexist methods, all of which backfire. Ron ends up asking her out under the guise of helping out a new co-worker, which she accepts. During their date, Ron woos Veronica by playing jazz flute in his friend Tino\'s  club. Veronica goes against her policy of not dating co-workers and sleeps with Ron. The next day, despite agreeing with Veronica to keep the relationship discreet, Ron tells the entire news room that he and Veronica are in a sexual relationship . The next day when Ron is on his way to the station, he throws a burrito out his car window, accidentally hitting a motorcyclist  in the head, causing him to crash. In a fit of rage, the biker retaliates by punting Ron\'s dog, Baxter, off a bridge. A distressed and incoherent Ron calls Brian from a pay phone and tells him what happened. Since Ron is now late, Brian frantically tells him to come to the station because Veronica is about to take his place. Despite Ron\'s efforts to arrive early, Veronica goes on air. After Ron arrives, he has an argument with Veronica about the situation and they break up. The next day, Veronica is made co-anchor, much to the entire news team\'s disgust. The co-anchors soon become fierce rivals and argue with each other both on and off the air. One day while feeling down on themselves, the News team decides to buy new suits. However on the way to the suit shop Brick, who was leading the way, gets them lost ending up in a shady part of town. They are then confronted by Wes Mantooth  and the evening news team. Tired of their rudeness and petty anger, Ron challenges them to a fight. All armed with crude weapons the two teams are about to fight when they are joined by Channel 2 news team with lead anchor Frank Vitchard , the public news team and their lead anchor , and the Spanish language news with lead anchor Arturo Mendez . A full on melee ensues between the five teams until they all flee when police sirens are heard. While in a restaurant celebrating Veronica\'s success, one of Veronica\'s co-workers tells her that Ron will read anything that is written on the teleprompter. Later, Veronica sneaks into the station and changes the words in Ron\'s teleprompter. The next day, instead of Ron saying his signature "You stay classy, San Diego!" closure, Ron ends the broadcast with, "Go fuck yourself, San Diego." Everyone in the studio, except Ron, is speechless. An angry mob gathers outside the studio and Ed must fire Ron. Garth is especially hurt and sobs while labeling Ron "a poopmouth". Veronica sees that she has gone too far and attempts to apologize, but Ron angrily dismisses her while being led through the mob by security, yelling at her that she had "reduced him to rubble". Three months later, Ron is unemployed, friendless, hated by the city, and is a slovenly drunk. In this time, Veronica has become very famous, but is hated by her male coworkers for sabotaging Ron; Ed told Champ, Brick, and Brian not to talk to Ron or he will fire them if they do. When it is announced that Ling-Wong the panda is about to give birth, all San Diego news teams head to the zoo to cover the story. In an attempt to sabotage her, the public news anchor pushes Veronica into a Kodiak bear enclosure. When Ed cannot find Veronica, he calls the bar where Ron spends most of his time and reluctantly asks him to return. Ron then summons the rest of his team by blowing the "News Horn", despite the fact that they were all standing a foot away playing pool. Baxter, who has miraculously survived, hears this call and follows the voice to find Ron. Once at the zoo, Ron jumps into the bear pen to save Veronica, with everyone else at the zoo watching. The Channel 4 news team then jumps in to help Ron. Just as the leader of the bears is about to rip Ron and Veronica apart, Baxter shows up and convinces the bear to let them live by mentioning that he is a friend of the bear\'s cousin, Katow-jo, whom he met in the wild. After Ron and Veronica reconcile, it is shown that in years to come, Brian becomes the host of a Fox reality show named Intercourse Island, Brick is George W. Bush\'s top political adviser, Champ is a commentator for the NFL before he was fired for sexually harassing Terry Bradshaw, and Ron and Veronica are co-anchors for the CNN-esque World News Center, taking over after the narrator retires and it is shown to be some time later as Ron and Veronica are shown wearing 80\'s fashions.'] ['The film’s plot is another family misadventure, full of over-the-top slapstick. Chase and D’Angelo again portray the married couple Clark and Ellen Griswold, living in suburban Chicago with two children, Rusty and Audrey. The family competes in a game show called Pig in a Poke and wins an all-expenses-paid trip to Europe. In a whirlwind tour of western Europe, chaos of all sorts ensues. They stay in a fleabag London hotel with a sloppy, tattooed Cockney desk clerk . While in their English rental car, an orange Austin Maxi, Clark drives his family endlessly around the busy Lambeth Bridge roundabout for hours, unable to maneuver his way out of traffic due to the opposite direction of American driving. His wrong-way driving habits cause him to repeatedly crash into cars and knock over a frightened bicyclist  who reappears in different scenes as if by coincidence. At Stonehenge, Clark backs their Citroën into a priceless, ancient stone monolith, knocking all the stones down like dominoes, which they do not even notice as they happily leave the scene. While the family are at Stonehenge, Clark shouts for Rusty, who is standing right behind him. Rusty then replies, "Yeah Dad?" This conversation is a callback to a similar one which took place in National Lampoon\'s Vacation after Clark crashed the car in the middle of the desert. In Paris, Clark throws Rusty\'s beret cap off the Eiffel Tower observation deck, causing a lady\'s dachshund to jump off after it; later, young Rusty meets a hooker at a bawdy Paris can-can dance show. While in Paris, the family\'s video camera is stolen by a passerby  whom Clark had asked to take a picture of the family. Also, Clark, with his terrible French, manages to insult every native Frenchman. The Griswolds burst in on a bewildered, elderly German village couple , who they mistakenly think are relatives but who serve them dinner anyhow, not knowing each other\'s languages. Clark manages to turn a lively thigh-slapping Bavarian folk dance stage performance, into an all-out street brawl, after which he, fleeing hastily, gets their Citroën DS stuck in a too-narrow medieval archway after knocking down several street vendors\' stands. In Rome, the Griswolds rent a car at a travel office. However, they don\'t know that the real manager is restrained by two thieves. The leader thief gives them a car with the real manager in the trunk. He claims that he lost the keys to the trunk. Later the Griswolds go shopping. The next day Ellen is shocked to discover that private, sexy videos of her from the family\'s previously stolen video camera have been used in a billboard advertising a pornographic movie, leaving her completely humiliated. After screaming her anger at Clark , Ellen storms off to the hotel they are staying at and encounters the thief who sold them the car. She confesses her recent troubles. She is still unaware that he is a thief. The man then tries to get the car keys, which are in her purse. However he fails and then the police arrive at the hotel and Ellen tries to escape. She is kidnapped by him, prompting Clark to rescue her. At the end while flying back to the U.S.A., Clark causes the plane to "knock" the Statue of Liberty\'s torch upside down. Cameo appearances are made by John Astin , Moon Unit Zappa, Robbie Coltrane, Maureen Lipman, Leslie Phillips, Ballard Berkeley, Eric Idle and a musical appearance by The Power Station .'] ['Jerry , his girlfriend Angela , and his buddy Harold  head out for a day at the carnival. In one venue, a dance number is performed by Marge , an alcoholic who drinks before and between shows, and her partner, Bill Ward, for a small audience. There Jerry sees stripper Carmelita  who hypnotizes him with her icy stare and he is compelled to see her act. Carmelita is the young sister of powerful fortune-teller Estrella , and Estrella turns Jerry into a zombie by hypnotizing him with a spiraling wheel. He then goes on a rampage, killing Marge and fatally wounding Bill. Later, Jerry attempts to strangle his girlfriend Angela as well. It develops that Estrella, with her henchman Ortega , has been busy turning various patrons into zombies, apparently by throwing acid on their faces. Interspersed through the film are several song-and-dance production numbers in the carnival\'s nightclub, with songs like "Choo Choo Ch\'Boogie" and "Shook out of Shape". The titular zombies only make an appearance in the final act, where they escape and immediately kill Estrella, Carmelita, Ortega and several performers before being shot by police. Jerry, himself partially disfigured but not a zombie, escapes the carnival and is pursued to the shoreline, where the police shoot him dead in front of Angela and Harold.'] ['Driving through New York City in his Sexmobile, Dr. Harrison Rogers of the Bureau of Sexological Investigation searches out luminary figures in the world of sex.'] ["The film follows the adventures of Fuel Survey Underlord Beldar Clorhone  and his wife Prymaat   as they try to adapt into American society and pursue the immigrant's American dream. Their spacecraft was part of an advance scouting mission for an invasion, but was shot down by an F-16 fighter-interceptor of the New Jersey Air National Guard, stranding them on Earth. They live with secret identities while INS agent Gorman Seedling  tracks them incessantly over the years. The Conehead family moves to Paramus, New Jersey and blends in, taking up activities that represent the American Dream. They also raise their teenage daughter, Connie,  who has recently started dating. At the end of the movie, Beldar, who has grown fond of Earth, tricks his people into thinking that humans are armed with dangerous weapons that have killed him and so the Conehead space fleet retreats, leaving Earth unscathed. Beldar finally negotiates a Green Card from Seedling."] ["The film is set in the heart of Transylvania and the story appears to take place sometime during the mid-19th Century. Professor Abronsius, of the University of Königsberg, and his apprentice Alfred are on the hunt for vampires. Abronsius is old and withering and barely able to survive the cold ride through the wintry forests, while Alfred is bumbling and introverted. The two hunters come to a small Eastern European town seemingly at the end of a long search for signs of vampires. The two stay at a local inn, full of angst-ridden townspeople who perform strange rituals to fend off an unseen evil. Whilst staying at the inn, Alfred develops a fondness for Sarah, the daughter of the tavern keeper Yoine Shagal. After witnessing Sarah being kidnapped by the local vampire lord, Count von Krolock, Abronsius and Alfred follow his snow trail, leading them to Krolock's ominous castle in the snow-blanketed hills nearby. They break into the castle, but are trapped by the Count's hunchback servant, Koukol. Upon being taken to see the count, he affects an air of aristocratic dignity whilst he cleverly questions Abronsius about why he has come to the castle. They also encounter the Count's son, the foppish  Herbert. Meanwhile, Shagal himself has been vampirized and sets on his plan to turn Magda, the tavern's beautiful maidservant and the object of his lust while he was still human, into his vampire bride. Despite misgivings, Abronsius and Alfred accept the Count's invitation to stay in his ramshackle Gothic castle, where Alfred spends the night fitfully. The next morning, Abronsius plans to find the castle crypt and kill the Count, seemingly forgetting about the fate of Sarah. The crypt is guarded by the hunchback, so after some wandering they climb in through a roof window. However, Abronsius gets stuck in the window; and it is up to Alfred to kill the Count, which he feels unable to do. He has to go back outside to free Abronsius, but on the way he comes upon Sarah having a bath in her room. She seems oblivious to her danger when he pleads for her to come away with him, and reveals that a ball is to take place this very night. After briefly taking his eyes of her, Alfred turns to find Sarah vanished into thin air. After freeing Abronsius, who is half frozen, they re-enter the castle. Alfred again seeks Sarah but meets Herbert instead, who first attempts to seduce him and then, after Alfred realizes that Herbert's reflection does not show in the mirror, reveals his vampire nature and attempts to bite him. Abronsius and Alfred flee from Herbert through a dark stairway to safety, only to be trapped behind a locked door on a turret. As night is falling, they become horrified witnesses as the gravestones below open up to reveal a huge number of vampires at the castle, who hibernate and meet once a year only to feast upon any captives the Count has provided for them. The Count appears, mocking them and tells them their fate is sealed. He leaves them to attend a dance, where Sarah will be presented as the next vampire victim. However, the hunters escape by firing a cannon at the door by substituting steam pressure for gunpowder, and come to the dance in disguise, where they grab Sarah and flee. Escaping by horse carriage, they are now unaware that it is too late for Sarah, who awakens in mid-flight as a vampire and bites Alfred, thus allowing vampires to be released into the world."] ['Planet Spaceball, led by President Skroob , has wasted all of its air. Skroob schemes to steal air from the planet Druidia by kidnapping the daughter of King Roland , Princess Vespa , on the day of her pre-arranged wedding to the narcoleptic Prince Valium . Skroob sends Dark Helmet  to complete this task with Spaceball One, an impossibly huge ship helmed by Colonel Sandurz . Before they can arrive, Vespa herself abandons her marriage and flees the planet along with her Droid of Honor, Dot Matrix , in her personal Mercedes spaceship. King Roland contacts the mercenary Captain Lone Starr  and his mawg  sidekick, Barf , offering a lucrative reward to retrieve Vespa before she is captured. Lone Starr readily accepts, as he is in major debt with the space gangster Pizza the Hutt . Lone Starr and Barf, in their Winnebago space ship , reach Vespa before Spaceball One, rescue her and Dot, and escape into hyperspace. Running out of fuel, they crash on the nearby desert "Moon of Vega", and find their way to a cave occupied by the wise old Yogurt . Yogurt introduces Lone Starr to the power of "The Schwartz". Yogurt also introduces the audience to the film\'s merchandising campaign, which becomes prevalent throughout the rest of the film. During their respite on the moon, Lone Starr and Vespa begin to flirt, but Vespa insists she can only be married to a prince. Spaceball One, by breaking the fourth wall, has been able to track down Lone Starr, capture Vespa, and return with her to the planet Spaceball. The Spaceballs threaten to reverse Vespa\'s nose job, forcing Roland to give over the code to the shield that protects Druidia. Dark Helmet takes Spaceball One to Druidia, and transforms the ship into Mega Maid, a giant robotic maid with a vacuum cleaner that begins sucking the air from the planet. Lone Starr, with Yogurt\'s help in repairing his ship and training in the Schwartz, races to the planet Spaceball to rescue Vespa, and then returns to Druidia, using the Schwartz to reverse the robot\'s sucking action and returning the air to the planet. Lone Starr and his allies enter the Mega Maid to attempt to destroy the robot. Lone Starr is forced to fight against Dark Helmet near the ship\'s self-destruct button, and manages to best him, causing Dark Helmet to accidentally strike the button himself. Lone Starr and his friends escape the ship, while Skroob, Dark Helmet, and Colonel Sandurz fail to reach any escape pods in time, and are left stranded aboard the robot\'s head as the robot explodes. They land on a nearby planet, much to the regret of its ape population. His debt to Pizza nullified after Pizza\'s untimely death , Lone Starr returns Vespa to Roland and quietly leaves, taking only enough money to cover his expenses. After a disastrous lunch break at a diner , he finds a final message from Yogurt informing him that he is a prince and thus eligible to marry Vespa. Lone Starr reaches Druidia in time to stop her wedding to Valium, announcing his royal lineage, and marries Vespa himself.'] ['The film opens the night Jesse and Jade get married in Bride of Chucky as the second parody of Look Who\'s Talking in the Child\'s Play series where Chucky\'s sperm reach Tiffany\'s egg and a baby is conceived and grown over time. At the end of the scene, the baby passes through the birth canal as seen in the last moment in Bride of Chucky. Six years after the events of Bride of Chucky, the film then shows Glen ([[Billy Boyd , the son of Chucky and Tiffany, point of view having a nightmare in which he slaughters a little girl\'s parents and living a life of embarrassment as a ventriloquist\'s dummy. Desperate to know his parents, Glen tracks them down to Hollywood. Chucky and Tiffany are first shown killing a man dressed as Santa Claus for a movie. Upon tracking down his parents, who are now dummies in one of Jennifer Tilly\'s films, Glen uses a voodoo amulet to bring them back to life. Shortly afterward, when Chucky  finds out that Glen is his child, he faints. But as for Tiffany, she was very happy and hugs her child. Tiffany and Chucky have a dispute over whether Glen is male or female. Chucky decides to label him as a boy and Tiffany labels him as a girl, calling him "Glenda". When a puppeteer, Tony Gardner begins taking Tiffany apart, she and Chucky cut his head off with a piano wire. Jennifer Tilly sees the beheaded body and calls the police. Glen/Glenda is horrified by this, and later asks them why they murder others, as he feels that violence is bad. Tiffany and Chucky then make an agreement to quit killing, although Chucky only pretends to agree. Jennifer tries to get a role as the Virgin Mary in Redman\'s directorial debut, but after Redman says that Jennifer isn\'t right for the part, she invites him over to her house. Chucky and Tiffany make plans to transfer their souls into Redman and Jennifer. Jennifer and Redman start to have sex, only for Tiffany to knock them out. While they are unconscious, Tiffany inseminates Jennifer with Chucky\'s semen. Chucky leaves and takes Glen/Glenda with him. After driving Britney Spears\' car off the road, killing her, they proceed to go to a photographer\'s darkroom. The photographer, Pete Peters ([[John Waters , had taken pictures of Tilly having sex with Redman, and of Chucky masturbating. Glen/Glenda tries to warn Peters that Chucky will kill him, only for Peters to bump into a shelf, causing a jar of acid to fall and accidentally kill him. Chucky, overjoyed, believes Glen/Glenda did this on purpose and takes a picture to celebrate. Jennifer awakens the next morning, realizes that she is pregnant and claims it is Redman\'s, though he states that this is impossible. In anger, Tiffany rips his intestines out. The next day, Jennifer is horrified to find herself with a fully pregnant belly. The voodoo magic that fuels the killer dolls has also accelerated the pregnancy. Jennifer is captured by Chucky and her chauffeur, Stan, serving as Chucky\'s replacement body due to Redman\'s death is also captured. Jennifer\'s assistant, Joan , tries to help her, but is brutally killed. It is then revealed that there were two souls in Glen: Glen and Glenda. Chucky also reveals that he killed 3 people and hid them in a closet like Tiffany did to Redman. Jennifer gives birth to twins, a boy and a girl, and it is then that Chucky has an epiphany. After several years of being an infamous killer doll, Chucky finally accepts his circumstances. Disturbed, Tiffany rejects Chucky and resolves to take Glen with her. An enraged Chucky throws a knife at Jennifer, but Stan jumps in front and is stabbed in the neck, he tells Tilly that he loves her as he dies. Before Glen can decide which baby to possess, the police arrive, forcing the dolls to flee. Jennifer is rushed to the hospital by the cops, but claims she wants to see her babies. Tiffany drugs Jennifer and begins to possess her, but Chucky breaks in and kills Tiffany with an axe. Glen/Glenda becomes enraged by this, and attacks Chucky by cutting his limbs and his head. After suffering an emotional breakdown, Jennifer comforts her Glen. Five years later, at Glen and Glenda\'s birthday party, a nanny quits her job because Jennifer\'s daughter, Glenda, stares at her with hatred and scares her. Jennifer lets her quit, only to kill her when she turns away, and Jennifer\'s eyes switch to Tiffany\'s, revealing that Tiffany was successful in possessing Jennifer\'s body. Glen has taken the body of the son, and receives a strange, unnamed present. When Glen opens the present, he sees that it\'s Chucky\'s right arm. Frightened, he wets his pants and turns around. Chucky\'s arm then grabs him, and he begins screaming as Chucky\'s laugh is heard, meaning he will return, one day.'] ["The movie focuses on a character simply named The Chosen One, who is wandering from town to town searching for the man who killed his family on the night he was born, under orders from the mysterious Evil Council. His talents for the martial arts were already honed at his infancy, and only vastly improved over time, giving him capability for legendary fighting abilities. He soon drifts into another town, and consults Master Tang, a very ill and slightly deranged sifu, for further training. The master is skeptical at first, but when The Chosen One shows him his identifying mark , Master Tang agrees to allow him to train at his dojo. He also introduces him to his two students: Wimp Lo, a young man who was trained wrong as a joke, and Ling, who Master Tang bluntly states will have feelings towards The Chosen One. The Chosen One begins training showing cartoon-like feats of strength, while Wimp Lo deems him an enemy out of jealousy. Soon The Chosen One learns that Master Pain, the man who tried to kill him as a newborn, has just arrived in town, so The Chosen One goes to find him. Master Pain draws a crowd and demonstrates his powerful skill: undergoing a rigorous beating by his henchmen without flinching in the slightest, then throwing the henchman to the ground in one move. Having won the support of the town's mayor, Master Pain randomly changes his name to Betty. Soon after, The Chosen One hires people to beat him so he can gain power to best Betty, but this backfires and he is immediately knocked unconscious. When he wakes up, a mysterious woman with a single large breast flies down next to him and introduces herself as Whoa. Whoa warns him it is not his time to fight Betty, then after briefly performing martial arts playfully with The Chosen One, flies back off into the night sky. The next day The Chosen One sets off anyway to find Betty, coming across one of Betty's evil companions: Moo Nieu , a Holstein cow gifted in karate, with a large udder that can squirt milk as a weapon. They fight in a scene parodying elements from The Matrix. The fight ends with The Chosen One milking Moo Nieu until her udder is empty, leaving her incapacitated. He ventures on further and finds Betty swinging a chain around on top of a waterfall. The Chosen One meets him, states his mission of vengeance, and prepares to fight to the death. Ling's Father suddenly arrives and tries to stop the unprepared Chosen One, but in the process gets wounded and they both get washed over the waterfall. The Chosen One takes Ling's Father to see Master Tang; it turns out they are old friends. Unfortunately Ling's Father's wound never closes properly, thanks to Tang massaging it, and he dies that night. Out of depression, Ling reveals her feelings for The Chosen One. Later in the night, he journeys out to a field and consults the heavens for confidence. Suddenly Muu-Shuu Phasa, a large sentient lion, appears in the sky and dispenses advice in a scene parodying a portion of The Lion King. He tells The Chosen One to take note of 2 different symbols, and tells him that the answer lies in the stars above. The Chosen One returns to town and finds that Betty's hostility has expanded to the entire city, and is killing anyone who he suspects may be allies to the Chosen One, including Wimp Lo. He finds Ling, Master Tang and even his Dog are dying in the long grass, only to find they are pulling through and surviving , despite being vitally maimed. Taking Ling and his dog to safety, The Chosen One practices fighting wooden replicas of Betty, giving up at first due to the difficulty that the pyramid spikes embedded in Betty's chest impose, but soon gets some inspiration from Ling and knows that he is ready. Meanwhile Betty, believing The Chosen One to be dead, is called in by the Evil Council, and is informed his attempts to kill him have been in vain. The Mark Host formulates a plan and goes to meet Betty at the temple. They begin fighting until the Evil Council reveal themselves to be aliens from France, giving Betty supernatural powers to beat down The Chosen One. While partially unconscious, The Chosen One has visions of Whoa and Muu-Shuu Phasa giving him advice. Muu-Shuu instructs him to open his mouth. As soon as he does, Tonguey flies out and attacks the mothership, causing the entire Evil Council armada to panic and retreat. The Chosen One flies up and rips the pyramid spikes from the now powerless Betty, killing him. As The Chosen One returns home with Ling, his tribulations are far from over. Master Tang is left behind in the long grass asking someone to help him as he notices an eagle pecking his leg. At the end of the movie, a film trailer made up of deleted scenes appears, advertising the fictitious Kung Pow 2! Tongue of Fury."] ["The location is the town of El Paris. When ten year old boy Quasimodo shows signs of deformity, his well-to-do parents place him in the charge of the town’s mysterious evangelist, Frollo. In exchange, they adopt a Cuban girl, Esméralda, from a lower social class. Ten years later, El Paris is menaced by a serial killer, and Quasimodo is the prime suspect.Quasimodo d'El Paris / Patrick Timsit / 1999 / film review"] ['Betsy Jobs  and Arlene Lorenzo ([[Michelle Williams  are two sweet-natured but somewhat ditzy teenage girls living in Washington D.C. in the early 1970s. Betsy comes from a wealthy family in the Georgetown area, while Arlene lives with her widowed mother in an apartment in the Watergate building. One night, on a quest to mail a letter to enter a contest to win a date with teen idol singer Bobby Sherman, the two girls sneak out of Arlene\'s home, at the same time as the Watergate break-in. They manage to enter and leave through the parking garage by taping the latch of a door, accidentally causing the break-in to be discovered. They are seen by G. Gordon Liddy , who they believe to be committing a jewel robbery; they panic and run away. The security guard, startled by the taped door, calls the police, who immediately arrest the burglars. The next day, while at the White House on a school tour, they accidentally happen across Liddy again. They don\'t recognize him, but he recognizes them and instantly becomes suspicious. He points them out to H. R. Haldeman, who proceeds to interrogate them; their conversation  is interrupted firstly by a phone call from Haldeman\'s wife, and secondly by President Nixon himself , who takes Haldeman aside to complain about the bugging operation being so fouled up. The girls are naturally awestruck at being in the same room as Nixon &mdash; but more awestruck at being able to play with his dog, which gives Nixon an idea. In order to keep their silence, he appoints them his official dog-walkers... which means they must be admitted repeatedly to the White House. On these visits they accidentally influence major events such as the Vietnam peace process and the Nixon-Brezhnev accord, by bringing along cookies that they have inadvertently baked marijuana into. (Near the end of the film, when Betsy\'s brother, Larry  They also become familiar with the key figures of Nixon\'s administration, including the long-suffering, frequently ignored Henry Kissinger, and inadvertently learn the major secrets of the Watergate scandal without realizing what they know. Arlene, previously infatuated with Bobby Sherman, now falls equally hard for the president. Just after reading an 18½-minute message of love into his tape recorder, she plays back another part of the tape and, after hearing his coarse, brutal rantings, quickly realizes his true nature. When they confront Nixon , he fires and threatens them . The girls now reevaluate what they have learned and decide to reveal everything to the "radical muckraking bastards"  at the Washington Post, Bob Woodward  and Carl Bernstein . So they become informants; two 15-year-old girls are the true identity of the famous Deep Throat (Betsy\'s brother had just been caught watching the [[Deep Throat . Woodward and Bernstein &mdash; portrayed as petty, childish, and incompetent &mdash; are naturally skeptical of the two girls. To make matters worse, their only piece of physical evidence, a list of names of those involved from the Committee to Re-Elect the President, is eaten by Betsy\'s dog. Nixon\'s men realize that the girls are a real threat and attempt tactics such as bugging and undercover agents to find out what they know, eventually going so far as to break into Betsy\'s house and plant an undercover agent as Arlene\'s mother\'s boyfriend. Eventually pushed to the limit after being chased by the Watergate "plumbers", the girls decide to take action: sneaking into Haldeman\'s house, they manage to find and steal a crucial tape recording. They give a transcription of it to Woodward and Bernstein  thus ending Nixon\'s political career. After the resignation, as Nixon\'s helicopter flies over Betsy\'s house, the two girl hold up a sign depicting the phrase "You suck, Dick", further angering the now ex-president.'] ['Manor Farm is a former prosperous farm that has fallen on hard times, and suffers under the now ineffective leadership of its drunken and aggressive owner, Mr. Jones. One night, Old Major, the prize boar and the second-oldest on the farm, calls the animals on the farm for a meeting, where he compares the humans to parasites and encourages them to break free from their tyrant\'s influence, while reminding them that they must hold true to their convictions after they have gained freedom. With that, he teaches the animals a revolutionary song, "Beasts of England", before collapsing dead mid-song to the animals\' horror. The next morning, Jones neglects to feed the animals for breakfast, and they decide to break into the storehouse to help themselves. When Jones wakes up and attempts to intimidate them with his whip, the animals revolt and drive the drunken and irresponsible Mr. Jones from the farm, renaming it "Animal Farm". They set to work destroying every trace of Jones\' influence, mainly the weapons used against them. An investigation of the farmhouse leads them to concede against living there, though one of the head pigs, an antagonistic boar named Napoleon, who takes interest in the abandoned house, and even more so in a litter of puppies left motherless. The Seven Commandments of Animalism are written on the wall of a barn to illustrate their community\'s laws. The most important is the seventh, "All animals are equal." All the animals work, but the workhorse, Boxer, and his friend Benjamin, the young donkey and the film\'s protagonist put in extra work. Snowball attempts to teach the animals reading and writing; food is plentiful; and the farm runs smoothly. The pigs elevate themselves to positions of leadership and set aside special food items ostensibly for their personal health. Napoleon takes the pups and trains them privately to be his Goon Squad. When Snowball announces his idea for a windmill, Napoleon opposes it. Snowball makes a speech in favor of the windmill, whereupon Napoleon has his dogs chase Snowball to the fields. In Snowball\'s absence, Napoleon declares himself leader and makes changes. Meetings will no longer be held and instead a committee of pigs will run the farm. Using a cowardly young pig named Squealer as a mouthpiece, Napoleon spurs the animals into setting forth his regime. The animals work harder with the promise of easier lives with the windmill. Napoleon abuses his powers, making life harder for the animals; the pigs impose more control while reserving privileges for themselves. During this time, the pigs also decide to start altering their own laws. "No animal shall sleep in beds" is changed to "No animal shall sleep in beds with sheets" when the pigs are discovered to have been sleeping in the old farmhouse. "No animal shall drink alcohol" is changed to "No animal shall drink alcohol to excess" when the pigs discover the farmer\'s whisky. Before long, Napoleon\'s greed drives him to negotiate with a local trader named Mr. Whymper for a supply of jellies and jams. The price is all the hens\' eggs. When the hens discover this, they attempt to revolt by throwing their eggs at the pigs during an attempted seize by force. To instill fear, Napoleon not only puts the hens at the hands of the pig committee, but also selects a duck and sheep to be false accused of treachery. They are taken outside and murdered by the dogs, with their blood used to edit a commandment regarding killing to being legal "with cause". "Beasts of England" is banned as inappropriate, as according to Napoleon the dream of Animal Farm has been realized. Growing jealous of Whymper\'s financial success due to his trading with Animal Farm, a hostile group of farmers attacks the farm, and Jones, who was denied the chance to rejoin them, uses blasting powder to blow up the windmill with himself inside. Though the animals win the battle, they do so at great cost, as many, including Boxer, are wounded. Boxer continues working harder and harder, until he collapses one night while working on the windmill. Napoleon sends for a van to take Boxer away. Benjamin notices that the van belongs to Mr. Whymper\'s glue factory, and attempts to mount a rescue, but his attempts are futile. Squealer delivers a phony speech, claiming to have been at Boxer\'s side at his deathbed, and his last words being to glorify Napoleon. The hurt animals fully realize that Boxer\'s death was planned simply to promote further loyalty to Napoleon\'s dictatorship, but are sent away by the snarling guard dogs. Years pass, and the pigs now have learned to walk upright and wear clothes. Napoleon now dresses in a suit with medals . The Seven Commandments are reduced to a single phrase: "All animals are equal, but some animals are more equal than others." Napoleon holds a dinner party for a delegation of outside pigs, who congratulate Napoleon on having the hardest-working animals in the country on the least feed. Napoleon gives a toast to when pigs own and operate farms everywhere. Benjamin, overhearing the conversation, imagines the faces of the pigs changing into the face of Mr. Jones. Realizing that things have become "worse than ever for ordinary creature", all of the animals unite together to overthrow Napoleon. The film closes with a smashed portrait of Napoleon as he is being overwhelmed and beaten to death "off screen" by the animals.'] ['John Winger  is a cab driver, who, in the span of a few hours, loses his job, his car, and his girlfriend. Realizing that his life is a failure, he decides to join the U.S. Army. Talking his best friend, Russell Ziskey  into joining him, they drive to a recruiting office and are soon off to basic training. Upon arrival at Fort Arnold, they meet their fellow recruits, as well as their drill sergeant, Sergeant First Class Hulka . Moments after arriving, Winger offends Sgt. Hulka and is ordered out to do push-ups. He stands out as a misfit throughout the rest of basic training. Their commanding officer is the incompetent Captain Stillman . As basic training progresses, Ziskey and Winger become close to two female MPs named Louise  and Stella . Not long before graduation, Sergeant First Class Hulka is injured when Captain Stillman orders a mortar crew to fire without setting target coordinates. The men sneak off base to a mud wrestling bar, where Winger convinces Dewey "Ox" Oxberger  to wrestle a group of women. When the club is raided by MPs and police, Stella and Louise cover for Winger and Ziskey. The rest of the platoon is taken back to base to face Captain Stillman, who threatens to force them to repeat basic training. The situation looks bleak until Winger and Ziskey return. Winger manages to motivate the platoon with a rousing speech and begins to get them in shape for graduation. After a long night of drilling, they oversleep and almost miss the ceremony. They rush to the parade grounds out of uniform and give an unconventional yet highly coordinated drill display led by Winger. The military brass are shocked, but General Barnicke changes his opinion of the platoon when he finds out that they had to complete training without a drill sergeant. He decides they are just the kind of "go-getters" he wants working on a secret project in Italy. Once in Italy, their mission is to become qualified with the EM-50 Urban Assault Vehicle, which actually turns out to be a GMC motorhome with concealed armor and weapons. Bored with sitting in an empty hangar, Winger and Ziskey steal the EM-50 to visit their girlfriends, stationed in West Germany. When Stillman finds the EM-50 missing, he launches an unauthorized mission to get the vehicle back before his superiors find out it is gone. Hulka, recovered and returned to the platoon, urges Stillman not to go, but is overruled. Stillman inadvertently leads the platoon across the border into Czechoslovakia. Hulka, realizing where they are, jumps out of the truck just before it is captured. He makes a Mayday radio call, and Winger and Ziskey realize that the platoon came looking for them and that their friends are in big trouble. Winger, Ziskey, Louise, and Stella take the EM-50 and infiltrate a Soviet base where the platoon is being held. With some assistance from Hulka, they free everyone and heavily damage the base. Upon returning to the United States, Winger, Ziskey, Louise, Stella, and Hulka are treated as heroes, each being awarded the Distinguished Service Cross. Hulka retires with honor and opens the HulkaBurger franchise. Stella appears on the cover of Penthouse, "Ox" makes the cover of Tiger Beat, and Winger is featured on the cover of Newsworld. Captain Stillman receives a disciplinary reassignment to a weather station near Nome, Alaska.'] ["Once a photographer by day, spy by night, Matt Helm is now a happily retired secret agent, shooting photos of glamorous models instead of guns and enjoying a close relationship with his assistant, the lovely Lovey Kravezit. But then his old boss, Macdonald, coaxes him back to the agency ICE to thwart a new threat from the villainous organization Big O. The sinister Tung-Tze is masterminding a diabolical scheme to drop an atomic bomb on New Mexico and possibly instigate a nuclear war in the process. Helm's assignment is to stop him, armed with a wide assortment of useful spy gadgets, plus the assistance of the capable femme fatale Tina and the seemingly incapable Gail Hendricks, a beautiful but bumbling agent. Along the way, Helm is nearly sidetracked by a mysterious knife-wielding seductress. And he witnesses the murder of a beautiful Big O operative, the sultry striptease artist Sarita. In the end, Helm prevails, with Gail by his side as he all but single-handedly destroys Tung-Tze's evil enterprise and plot to rule the world."] ['{{plot}} The year is 1893: solicitor Thomas Renfield  travels all the way from London to "Castle Dracula" in Transylvania to finalise Count Dracula\'s purchase of Carfax Abbey in England. As the sun sets, and the stagecoach driver refuses to take him any further, Renfield continues on foot despite the villagers  pleading with him to turn back. Renfield arrives safely and meets Count Dracula , a charming but rather strange man who is, of course, a vampire. He then casts a hypnotic spell on the suggestible Renfield, making him his slave. Dracula and Renfield soon embark for England. During the voyage, Dracula dines upon the ship\'s crew. When the ship arrives and Renfield  is discovered alone on the ship, he is confined to a lunatic asylum. Meanwhile, Dracula visits an opera house, where he introduces himself to his new neighbors: Doctor Seward , Seward\'s assistant Jonathan Harker ([[Steven Weber , Seward\'s nubile daughter Mina , and Seward\'s ward, the equally nubile Lucy . Dracula flirts with Lucy and, later that night, enters her bedroom and feeds on her blood. The next day, Mina discovers Lucy still in bed late in the morning, looking strangely pale. Seward, puzzled by the odd puncture marks on her throat, calls in an expert on obscure diseases, Dr. Abraham Van Helsing . Van Helsing informs the skeptical Dr. Seward that Lucy has been attacked by a vampire. After some hesitation, Seward and Harker allow garlic to be placed in Lucy\'s bedroom to repel the vampire. Dracula uses mind-control to make Lucy leave her room, and kills her in the garden. Van Helsing meets Dracula and begins to suspect him of being the local vampire. Lucy, now a vampire herself, rises from her crypt, drains the blood from her guard, and tries to attack Harker. Van Helsing rushes in just in time and chases her back to her coffin with a crucifix. Jonathan drives a stake into Lucy\'s heart, allowing her to at last rest in peace. Dracula\'s next victim is Mina, but he has bigger plans for her; he wants her to be his undead bride throughout eternity. He spirits her away to Carfax Abbey, where they dance, and he sucks her blood. The following morning, she is unusually frisky, and tries to seduce the prudish Jonathan. Van Helsing becomes suspicious at this strange behavior. Noticing a scarf around Mina\'s neck, he removes it, revealing two puncture marks. Van Helsing devises a plan to reveal Count Dracula\'s secret identity. He invites the Count to a ball, and places a huge mirror, covered with a curtain, on one of the walls. The curtain over the mirror is dropped, and guests are stunned to see that Dracula has no reflection. Dracula grabs Mina and escapes out a window. Van Helsing deduces that Renfield is Dracula\'s slave, and thus might know where he keeps his coffin. He lets him out of his cell, and the three men secretly follow him to Dracula\'s lair. Once discovered, the Count locks himself in a room to finish making Mina his bride. His pursuers break down the door, and they fight. Van Helsing, noticing sunlight creeping into the room, starts opening the blinds. As his body begins to burn, Dracula transforms himself into a bat to flee, but is inadvertently killed by the inept Renfield opening a panel of the roof. With Dracula finally vanquished, Renfield falls into despair with no master to serve. They says him "You are free, now", and he thinks: "Yes, I\'m free". But when Dr. Seward calls for Renfield to come, the imbecile follows with "Yes Master". Van Helsing dusts himself off, opens Dracula\'s coffin and yells something in moldavian and ensure that he has the final word between him and the count.'] ['The film opens with Shaquille O\'Neal and Dr. Phil waking up to find their ankles chained to pipes in a spoof of the first Saw movie. They have only two minutes to escape as their host, Billy the Puppet, reveals that the room is filling up with nerve gas. Phil realizes they have to cut through their own ankles, but accidentally saws off the wrong foot, inadvertently leaving both men to die, for their bones are seen later in the movie. In New York, Cindy Campbell  visits her former brother-in-law Tom Logan . Since the previous film, her husband George has died and her nephew Cody has been sent to military school, leaving her a broken and lonely woman. Tom, equally depressed despite being in a relationship with three girls, tries to commit suicide to both end his misery and end his irritation by Cindy\'s presence, by overdosing on sleeping pills. However, he mistakenly ingests Viagra, resulting in a painful death when he tumbles over the balustrade and lands on his absurdly erect penis. Distraught, Cindy accepts the job of caring for an incapacitated old lady, Mrs. Norris , who lives in a creepy and obviously haunted house which Tom had previously recommended her for. Meanwhile, Cindy\'s new neighbour, Tom Ryan , runs into George\'s old friends, Mahalik  and CJ ([[Kevin Hart , who unintentionally reveal they had a homosexual one night stand since taking a trip to the mountains, much to Tom\'s disgust and CJ\'s embarrassment. Tom returns home, where his ex-wife Marilyn  has just arrived with his children, Robbie  and Rachel , both of whom resent their father. The next morning, Cindy confides with Tom, leading to a conversation about their past relationships. Cindy sadly remembers the tragic death of her husband George Logan  during the last match of her boxing career against dimwitted Tiffany Stone. When Stone turned around to pick up a nickel, Cindy tries to swing at her but misses and loses her balance. George notices that she is about to land on a stool, and he jumps in the way to save her but he accidentally kills himself which results in a chain reaction of multiple people breaking their necks and dying. As the two realize their love for each other and kiss, the sky suddenly experiences a freak storm. Afterwards, all the vehicles and motorbikes in the world lost all their power, even bikes, skateboards, put down pants and bombs won\'t move or work. Meanwhile, a gigantic object called triPod emerges from the ground to play "Karma Chameleon" – before switching to "Destroy Humanity", transforming into a mobile weapon that vaporizes people into dust and ashes. Cindy runs back home and encounters the house’s resident ghost, Toshio. The Japanese boy reveals that the answer to the invasion lies in his father’s identity. Tom chooses to part ways with Cindy and flees with his children to an undisclosed location. While visiting Edna R. Penhall Elementary School, President Baxter Harris  receives news of the alien attack. Unfortunately, Harris is more interested by the reading of "My Pet Duck" and fails to respond appropriately. The situation only worsens when his aide explains that the duck dies, and the aide explains that the aliens are vaporizing people, which leads for the president to exclaim that all off these children\'s parents could be dead, which culminates in a violent riot by the children. On his way out the president asks his aide to remind him to sign the abortion bill. Later, at an emergency session of the United Nations, Harris follows a round of offensive jokes with the unveiling of a weapon designed to combat the aliens. Scientists have modified the heat ray into having the opposite effect of destroying bodies, leaving only clothes behind. The UN gets an unexpected and quite unwelcome demonstration when Harris unwittingly causes the ray to render everybody stark naked, beginning with himself. Cindy reunites with her old friend Brenda Meeks , now a local reporter despite having died in the previous film. Meanwhile, Mahalik and CJ are working as sewer inspectors, but when they get out of the sewer a horde of Zombie like people start to attack them, but they easily fight back and one of them is Malaik\'s grandma, he keep\'s telling her how much he loves her while beating her up at the same time and throwing her into the sewers at the end . Cindy and Brenda manage to find the last working car and follow the directions left by Toshio. Soon, they discover a mysterious village which resembles a pseudo-Amish community. Unfortunately, they are captured and taken into a court to have their fate decided by village leader Henry Hale . During the trial, Hale\'s blind daughter, Holly , stumbles into the courtroom thinking she\'s alone she strips and defecates loudly in front of everyone. To the consternation of the crowded courtroom, Hale rules that Cindy and Brenda may stay in the village, but never leave. In a nearby field strewn with red weed, Tom and his children still are driving the car while most people try to steal it, which succeeds after a man point\'s a gun to his head and they switch the wrong items. Later they run into a battle between the US military and the triPods. Robbie decides to join the fight, excited by the graphic violence. While Tom tries to dissuade him, Michael Jackson tries to persuade Rachel to come along – but Tom manages to stop her in time, leaving the singer to be repeatedly disintegrated until only his plastic nose remains. Tom and Rachel flee into a house guarded by the lunatic Oliver , but their respite is short-lived when father and daughter are captured by a triPod. Back in the village, Henry gets stabbed by the mentally challenged village idiot Ezekiel . A dying Henry explains to Cindy and Brenda that he is the father of Toshio, who was killed during the mass accident at Cindy’s boxing match. However, various events conspire against Henry revealing the full story, finally culminating in Cindy and Brenda being caught by the Command triPod. The main characters wake up in the same bathroom from the opening. Cindy and Brenda find themselves wearing "Venus Fly Traps" and Tom wearing an absurd device designed to shoot a pole up his behind. Then Billy appears on the TV and tells them Cindy has 60 seconds to retrieve the key. After much prompting, Cindy realises that she has to retrieve the key from behind her eye – which she does without trouble, since the key was behind a glass eye she got following a “bad bar fight in \'96”. Then both Rachel and Robbie come down from the ceiling, to be sliced into pieces unless Tom holds onto their rope, leaving him open to another, ultimately lethal torture device where his kids would be saved but he would suffer a terrible death. Moments before his imminent death, Cindy notices the toilet that has a heart drawn on it and discovers pictures of Billy with Henry\'s wife and Toshio. Realising that Billy was the boy\'s biological father and the entire invasion is revenge for his son’s death, Cindy pleads him to call off the invasion. After seeing how far Tom would go to save his children\'s lives at the cost of his own, Billy spares their lives and grudgingly apologizes for killing millions of people and allows them to depart from the bathroom. In an epilogue set nine months later, Brenda gives birth to the child of Billy\'s brother Zoltar, CJ and Mahalik resume their relationship, and President Harris is seen sleeping with a duck. James Earl Jones narrates mankind\'s victory through love – before being run over by a passing bus. Meanwhile, Tom appears on Oprah, crazy for attention. Ultimately, following various increasingly destructive antics: flipping, swinging, manically throwing Cindy off the stage with crazy love, breaking Oprah Winfrey\'s hands, hitting her with a chair and rushing towards the camera as the screen goes black.'] ['In the second episode of the trilogy Fantômas kidnaps distinguished scientist professor Marchand with the aim to develop a super weapon that will enable him to menace the world. Fantômas is also planning to abduct a second scientist, professor Lefebvre. Journalist Fandor develops an ingenious scheme whereby he disguises himself as Lefebvre and attends a scientific conference in Rome, Italy to lure Fantômas into attempting to kidnap him. The plan seems to work until commissaire Juve steps into the fray and as usual messes things up, although Juve redeems himself by saving the troupe with an array of special gadgets which he has developed especially for his hunt for Fantômas. Yet, once again Fantômas escapes in style, using his Citroën DS with retractable wings that converts into an airplane in what amounts to one of the most unexpected and spectacular scenes of the genre.Picture of the Fantômas Citroën DS with retractable wings through Internet Archive'] ['A narrator explains that there is a test hidden in the SATs which measures an applicant\'s ability to fight, cheat, lie and kill. Female students who score well on this hidden test are selected to become members of the secret paramilitary group D.E.B.S. which stands for Discipline, Energy, Beauty and Strength. Focusing on one squad of D.E.B.S., composed of the team captain Amy , the tough Max , French exchange student Dominique , and the prissy and insecure Janet , all of whom faces off against a ruthless villain named Lucy in the Sky . Spoofing TV prime time shows, a listing of "previous on D.E.B.S." shows the team\'s boss Mr. Tibbs explaining that Lucy in the Sky was spotted entering the United States again. Max is frustrated knowing that for some reason Lucy keeps capturing Amy and the team has to rescue her. Amy is captured, leading to Max to take over the team to lead them to Lucy\'s hideout in a dockside warehouse. Max, Janet, and the chain-smoking Dominique make entry into Lucy\'s hideout and soon are facing off in a gun battle with Lucy\'s henchmen, led by her right-hand man Billy Skids. Meanwhile, unknown to either Lucy\'s henchmen or the D.E.B.S., Lucy and Amy are lovers and Lucy keeps capturing Amy so that the two of them can have sex, with Amy timing them to know when her colleagues will appear to "rescue" her. This time Lucy becomes frustrated over the same routine they have to go though over their secret romance each time. Amy then tells Lucy that she really loves her, and Lucy is happy. Elsewhere, Max, Janet, and Dominique defeat Lucy\'s henchmen . The three D.E.B.S. arrive at a locked door to Lucy\'s quarters where they hear Amy screaming out, leading them to try to break down the door. But Amy is not screaming in pain, but in passion as she climaxes from the sex. Lucy and Amy quickly dress where Amy tells Lucy that she can capture her again next week during the D.E.B.S. mission to Uganda. On cue from Amy, Lucy punches her out and makes her escape as Max, Janet, and Dominique arrive, none of them aware to Amy\'s secret tryst with the enemy. Amy thanks them for rescuing her... again. The four D.E.B.S. walk out of the warehouse and into the evening sunset as Janet asks Amy if that is her sweater that she\'s wearing and if she got blood or any dirt on it.'] [' {{machinima episode}} As Bravo Team moves into the facility, Frank begins to narrate the moment with some internal monologue. It is quickly revealed that he is in fact speaking out loud and annoying the team. Frank replies that it calms him down. The team, after letting their annoyance be known, inform Frank that they actually never see any paranormal activity, that in reality they simply run in, waste some time, run back out and say they chased off the ghosts, and get their paychecks. As Bravo 1 rambles on about how their bosses expect them to chase off ghosts with machine guns, something sneaks up behind him and drags him away. As the rest of the team try to figure out what happened to Bravo 1, we can hear him off screen screaming in pain as something kills him. The episode ends with Bravo team realizing the situation and the Chief\'s dismay at having to write a report on it.  {{machinima episode}} The Chief and Frank go into the next room to see what has happened to Bravo 1, with Frank going in first. Before the Chief follows, he leaves instructions for Bravo 2 and 3 that if they hear the Chief scream "corduroy" that they should rush in and help. Bravo 3, of course disagrees, advising the Chief that a code word in the middle of a panic situation is ill-fated. After the Chief enters the room while Frank screams his name, Bravo 2 and 3 agree that if they hear the word "corduroy", they will instead retreat from the premises. The Chief enters the room as Frank is freaking out from the sight of blood covering the walls. Some of the walls have messages written in blood, supposedly Bravo 1\'s, such as \'I\'m dying\' and \'Help me\'. After Frank notices that some blood trails lead around a corner, the Chief orders Frank to go check it out. As Frank looks into the other room, which he notes has the same poorly-lit style as the other rooms in the building and the doorways with no doors, the Chief spots the mysterious killer and starts screaming "Denim!" and "Polyester!", neither of which is the code word that he had previously told Bravo 2 and 3. Before he is killed, he curses Bravo 3 for jinxing him. Frank turns around to find the skeletal remains of the Chief and asks, "Hey, where\'d all your meat go?" Back in the other room Bravo 2 and 3 both debate whether they heard the code word spoken. As Bravo 2 tries to come up with an excuse to run to the car, Bravo 3 and then 2 are punched by the mysterious entity, Bravo 2 shrieking "HOLY SHIT! PUNCHING GHOST!". After realizing that trying to shoot it would most likely wind up with them hitting each other instead, they drop their weapons and resort to mêlée combat, punching and kicking at nothing but air as Frank enters the room. Perplexed, he asks "What are you doing?", just as he himself is punched by the mysterious entity.  {{machinima episode|title3 minutes, 51 seconds|releaseOuttakes reel It is essentially a compilation of outtakes and cuts from the actual episodes released to the public. The outtakes include an alternative demise dialog of Bravo 1, during which he says "D\'oh, it just sprayed me with Mace! WHY WOULD IT DO THAT?". Other things are Bravo 2 spinning out of control, and how Frank could recognize the Chief as a charred skeleton. Various takes are also shown with Frank saying alternate dialog to the Chief\'s skeleton such as "Ooh, gold fillings!" and "Your clavicle\'s showing!"'] ['{{Plot}} The film begins when the Spice Girls are performing their song "Too Much" at the Top of the Pops, but they become dissatisfied with the burdens of it. The sinister newspaper owner, Kevin McMaxford , is attempting to ruin the girls\' reputation and even dispatches a photographer, Damien , to take pictures and tape recordings of the girls. Less threatening but more annoying is a film director, Piers Cuthbertson-Smyth , who stalks the girls along with his crew, hoping to use them as documentary subjects. At the same time, the girls\' manager, Clifford , is fending off with two overeager Hollywood writers, Martin Barnfield and Graydon , who relentlessly pitch absurd plot ideas for the girls\' film. Amid this, the girls must prepare for their concert at the Albert Hall, their biggest performance throughout their career. At the heart of it, the constant practices, traveling, publicity appearances, and other burdens of celebrity affect the girls on a personal level, preventing them from spending much time with their pregnant best friend, Nicola , who is due to give birth soon. Throughout their busy schedule, the girls attempt to ask Clifford for a time off to spend with Nicola and relax, but Clifford refuses because the head of the girls\' record label, the cryptic and eccentric "Chief" , would not recommend it. The stress and overwork compound, culminating in a huge argument between Clifford and the girls; the girls unexpectedly storms out on the evening before their gig at the Albert Hall the next day. Separately, the girls think back on their humble beginnings, and their struggle to the top. They reunite by chance outside the now-closed pub where they have practised during their childhood years, reconcile, and decide to take Nicola out dancing. However, Nicola goes into labour at the nightclub and is rushed to the hospital in the girls\' bus. The girls decided to stay at the hospital to provide Nicola with support and refuse to perform at the Albert Hall until after Nicola has given birth. The next morning, the day of the girls\' Albert Hall gig, Nicola finally gives birth to a girl. As the girls are preparing to leave the hospital for their Albert Hall gig, they bump into a doctor, but when Emma notices he has a camera, the girls realize the doctor is Damien, who runs off with the girls in hot pursuit, only to hit his head after accidentally colliding with an empty stretcher. When Damien sees the girls standing over him, he tells them that they have made him see the error of his ways, and he goes after McMaxford, who is subsequently fired in a "Jacuzzi Scandal". After noticing the girls\' bus driver, Dennis  is missing, Victoria decides to drive herself. So, it becomes a race against time as Victoria drives like a maniac. While approaching to the Tower Bridge, it starts to go up to let a boat through. However, Victoria decides to drive up the bridge and over the gap, in a low-tech clip. The bus finally lands safely on the other side, but when Emma opens a trapdoor in the floor, she discovers a bomb, and the girls scream before Emma slams the trapdoor shut again. The girls finally arrive at the Albert Hall for their performance and run up the steps to the Rocky theme, but they have one more obstacle to overcome; a London policeman  charged the girls with: "dangerous driving, criminal damage, flying a bus without a license, and frightening the pigeons". Emma is pushed forward, and she tells the policeman that she and the other girls were late for their performance. Emma smiles at him, and the policeman lets the girls off. The film ends when the girls perform their song "Spice Up Your Life" at the centre stage of the Albert Hall. Footage airs during the closing credits of the supporting cast talking about the girls\' film and interviewing with them. Mel C breaks the fourth wall and tells the other girls that the outgoing audience is watching them. The girls talk to the audience and discuss various things about their film, just minutes before the bomb in their bus explodes.'] ["It is the early 1900s. Distinguished philosopher Leopold  and his much younger fiancée, Ariel , are going to spend a weekend in the country with Leopold's cousin Adrian  and her crackpot inventor husband Andrew . Also on the guest list is womanising doctor Maxwell  and his latest girlfriend, free-thinking nurse, Dulcy . Over the course of the weekend, old romances reignite, new romances develop, and everyone ends up sneaking off behind everyone else's backs."] ['Young Englishman Dennis Barlow  wins an airline ticket and visits his uncle Sir Francis Hinsley  in Los Angeles. Hinsley has worked as a production staffer at a major Hollywood studio for over thirty years. His employer D.J. Jr.  fires Hinsley, despite the old man\'s faithful dedication to the company. Hinsley commits suicide by hanging himself. Dennis is swayed by a prominent member of the local English expatriate community to spend most of the money from his uncle\'s estate on a socially prestigious burial at Whispering Glades cemetery and mortuary. There he meets and becomes infatuated with Aimée Thanatogenos , a hopelessly naive and idealistic cosmetician who says she was named after Aimee Semple McPherson. Chief embalmer Mr. Joyboy  is also an admirer, but though she respects him professionally she doesn\'t have any romantic feelings toward him. Aimée\'s idol is the Reverend Wilbur Glenworthy , owner of Whispering Glades. Aimée worships the solemn and pious reverend, but in private he is a calculating businessman who regards Whispering Glades as just a business venture. To raise money, Dennis begins working at Happier Hunting Grounds, a local pet cemetery run by the reverend\'s brother Henry Glenworthy , who has lately been fired by the movie studio as well. Dennis courts Aimée with poetry, which fascinates her though she fails to recognize famous verses. When Aimée asks whether Dennis wrote these passages, he changes the subject. Dennis dares not let Aimée find out where he works since she considers the pet cemetery to be sacrilegious. Aimée is increasingly frustrated by Dennis\' cynical and disrespectful attitude toward Whispering Glades and is shocked at his suggestion that they marry and live on her income when she gets a promotion. So, acting on advice given by Guru Brahmin , actually a drunken staff writer at a newspaper, she accepts a dinner invitation from Mr. Joyboy, who secured her promotion. Thoughts of a serious relationship with Mr. Joyboy are dismissed when she sees his bizarre and unhealthy relationship with his morbidly obese mother whose only interest is food. Again acting on the advice of Guru Brahmin, she becomes engaged to Dennis. She invites him to her home, a partially finished house built on a cliff, condemned and abandoned due to the danger of landslides. He cuts the visit short, alarmed at occasional ominous trembling and Aimée\'s lack of concern over her own safety. Dennis and Henry Glenworthy meet their neighbor, a boy genius ([[Paul Williams  with an interest in rocketry, and they let him set up a lab at the pet cemetery. Mr. Joyboy brings in his pet myna bird to be buried and discovers the identity of his rival. He agrees to have the bird shot into orbit by one of the neighbor\'s rockets, instead of being buried. Mr. Joyboy brings Aimée to the ceremony and she is outraged when she sees Dennis performing the service; this greatly pleases Mr. Joyboy. Reverend Glenworthy, seeing little profit in the cemetery once the plots have been filled, decides to convert it into a retirement home, but is unable to proceed without a plan for dealing with the bodies interred there. When he learns of his brother\'s idea of sending bodies into orbit, he recognizes it as a solution to his own problem. He proceeds to obtain surplus rockets by hosting an orgy at Whispering Glades with top Air Force brass as guests of honor. Dennis, in a desperate attempt to reconcile with Aimée, tells her that Whispering Glades is to be shut down. She flees, but is afraid that what Dennis told her might be true. She seeks out Mr. Joyboy for comfort, but he has been called to the cemetery to prepare a body to be launched into orbit, an ex-astronaut nicknamed "The Condor." She tracks down Guru Brahmin in a bar, but he drunkenly advises her to jump out a window. Finally, she flees to the cemetery and finds Reverend Glenworthy, who confirms Dennis\' story and tries to seduce her with promises of continued employment with higher pay at the new facility. Wholly distraught, since her faith in everything she held sacred has been shattered, she attaches herself to an embalming machine and dies peacefully. Mr. Joyboy finds her body, but is afraid to report it because of the scandal it would cause, so he calls Dennis to dispose of her in the pet cemetery\'s crematorium. Dennis agrees, but only if Mr. Joyboy gives him a first class ticket back to England and all the cash he can lay his hands on. Dennis also imposes the condition that Aimée be placed in the casket headed for space and the Condor be sent to the pet crematorium. After the televised funeral ceremony and launch, Dennis is seen boarding the first class section of a plane to England.'] ['A young man, Juvenal, is apparently able to cure the sick by the laying-on of hands. Mysterious stigmata appear from time to time on his flesh. The former evangelist Bill Hill, tired of selling mobile homes for a living, persuades his friend Lynn Faulkner to befriend the innocent ex-monk and encourage him to aim for the big-time. But matters become complicated when the young couple falls in love, and even more complicated when fundamentalist August Murray takes exception to their relationship.'] ['Suburban girl Megan  gets into a series of misadventures when she moves to the inner-city and pursues dance. A nerdy street boy named Thomas  is passionate about street dancing, but he is stuck working for a hungry obese gang lord  who only loves food. Megan later befriends Thomas\' ghetto sister Charity  who has a baby but also poor parenting skills. Charity has her own issues dealing with her dimwitted "baby daddy"  who also is a bad parent. Once Megan and Thomas spend more time together, they become dance partners and begin to fall in love and start dating.'] ['The plot is set around a facility where new medications are tested on willing volunteers. While at an experimental drug weekend trial, Andre Chang and Juliet Reid meet and soon discover that their lives are in danger.New Clip: Diagnosis: Death The building is locked down for the testing period and it is found that the drug on trial causes extremely disturbing hallucinations that point towards a horrific double murder that took place at the facility. It is soon realised that the only way for them to escape is to solve the mystery behind this horrific secret.Diagnosis Death DVD Trailer Hits Eventually, they find out that the nurse in charge of the facility, Nurse Bates, murdered her sister and nephew in the facility and covered it up as a murder/suicide. In an attempt to keep them quiet, Nurse Bates tries to kill Andre and Juliet, but ghosts of her victims return and take vengeance, killing Bates by impaling her with a stool. Andre and Juliet are later cured of their ailments, despite the fact that they were given placebos in the trial. They then go off to take advantage of the second chance they have been given in life.'] ["Greaser's Palace follows Jesse , a Christ-like figure in a zoot-suit, on his way to Jerusalem to find work as a singer-dancer-actor. In a run-down Western town, he runs afoul of the local boss, Seeweedhead Greaser , until he brings Greaser's son Lamy  back from the dead."] ['While investigating the theft of the Pink Panther diamond during the previous film , Chief Inspector Jacques Clouseau, , hailed as France\'s greatest detective, disappeared at sea during a plane crash. His former superior, Chief Inspector Charles Dreyfus , is pressured to oversee Operation Paragon and utilize Interpol\'s fictitious Huxley Huxley 600 computer, Aldous to find the world\'s greatest detective to solve the crime. What the world at large does not realise is that Clouseau was actually a bungling fool whose cases were solved more through luck than actual detective genius and that his accident-prone incompetence led Dreyfus to a series of nervous breakdowns. Anxious never to see or hear from his nemesis again, Dreyfus sabotages the computer to select the world\'s worst detective. This turns out to be Sergeant Clifton Sleigh ([[Ted Wass , an incompetent officer of the NYPD. Sleigh, who is descended from a long line of cops, sees the case as an opportunity to prove his worth. Dreyfus and his long-suffering assistant Sergeant François Durval  soon find that the sabotage has worked a bit too well: Sleigh is just as clumsy as Clouseau, tripping and falling, causing havoc and driving Dreyfus crazy. When Sleigh meets Dreyfus for the first time in his office, Sleigh trips over his own feet and knocks Dreyfus into his wheeled office chair which rolls out onto the balcony and sends Dreyfus falling three stories into a pond below, breaking his left leg. Later as Dreyfus goes insane again and attempts to murder Sleigh, he keeps injuring himself, leading to him breaking most of his bones and ending up in a body cast. As he sets out on the case, Sergeant Sleigh encounters many people who prefer Clouseau dead. These include the inspector\'s former manservant Cato  ; Dreyfus, who attempts to kill Sleigh like he tried to kill Clouseau; and Bruno Langlois , the mafia boss from Trail of the Pink Panther. Langlois orders several assassination attempts on Sleigh, but the detective\'s bumbling nature allows him to survive. Ultimately, Langlois, along with his henchmen  have a final showdown with Sleigh in a dark alley. Juleta Shayne , an employee of the enigmatic Countess Chandra comes to Sleigh\'s rescue and manages to defeat Langlois and his thugs in street combat. Sleigh also meets Sir Charles Lytton  who is now married to Clouseau\'s former wife Simone  and accompanied by his nephew George  . Sir Charles was the notorious jewel thief known as the Phantom, though only Clouseau was convinced of this. The Phantom would steal items of jewellery and leave behind a monogrammed white glove. Eventually the trail leads Sleigh to a health spa run by Countess Chandra . There he meets famous British film star,  who speaks with a rather odd French accent and falls about all over the place. Seeing a photograph of the Inspector, Countess Chandra tells Sleigh that Clouseau visited her several months ago, but claimed his name was Gino Rossi . She recalls he was looking for a good plastic surgeon and she recommended one. Sleigh concludes, wrongly, that Clouseau stole the Pink Panther diamond, underwent plastic surgery, and changed his name to Gino Rossi. The real jewel thief\'s body was found washed up on shore after he was shot to death. It is believed that Clouseau was killed for the diamond. Anxious to be rid of Sleigh, Dreyfus announces that Sleigh has solved the mystery and officially closes the case, though it is clear that Dreyfus does not believe that this is what happened. In a final irony, as Dreyfus sets fire to Gino Rossi\'s photograph, happy to be rid of Clouseau once and for all, he accidentally sets fire to his office. Sleigh runs in and attempts to put out the fire with a hose, only to accidentally hit Dreyfus with the water, the force of which pushes him onto his balcony and Dreyfus again falls three stories into the pond below. Film star Roger Moore was in fact Clouseau after very extensive plastic surgery. Clouseau has become Countess Chandra\'s lover and partner in crime. When Clouseau and Chandra open her hidden wall safe to admire the Pink Panther, they discover they have been robbed and a white monogrammed glove has been left behind. "Swine Phantom!" mutters Clouseau, knowing only too well who is responsible for the theft. In the final scene, Sir Charles, Simone, and George are sailing away on board their yacht, along with the Pink Panther jewel which Simone has stolen. In a post-credits scene, it shows the Pink Panther, in a cameo, stealing the Pink Panther jewel. Realizing it\'s heavy, he loses his balance and falls out of the scene, and drops the jewel, offscreen, the sound of the jewel being smashed, can be heard in the background, then the credits roll.'] ["One night, an American special forces team invades Saddam Hussein's  palace and a nearby prison camp to rescue captured soldiers from Operation Desert Storm and to eliminate Saddam, but they find the Iraqis prepared for them, and the entire rescue team is captured. This failed operation turns out to be the latest in a series of rescue attempts which were foiled by the Iraqis, and consequently the advisors of President Benson  suspect sabotage in their own ranks. Colonel Walters  suggests to gain the aid of war hero Topper Harley  for the next mission, but Topper has retired from the Navy and become a Buddhist in a small Thai village. Walters and Michelle Huddleston , CIA, arrive and try to persuade him to come out of retirement in order to rescue the imprisoned soldiers and the previous rescue parties. Topper initially refuses, but when yet another rescue mission  goes awry, he agrees and parachutes into an Iraqi jungle with Harbinger  - the sole escapee of the rescue mission shown at the beginning of the film, whom Topper suspects to be the wanted saboteur -, Williams , and Rabinowitz , close to the heavily guarded hostage camp. Their contact turns out to be Topper's former love, Ramada , who guides them to a fishing boat that she prepared for their transportation. She and Topper reminisce, and he explains that she was married before she met him. When she was informed that her husband, Dexter , was still alive and a prisoner in Iraq, she volunteered to participate in his liberation, but was instructed to keep this strictly confidential, forcing her to break up with Topper just as they were ready to start a new life together . Topper's team proceeds to the prison camp disguised as river fishermen, but a confrontation with an Iraqi patrol boat thwarts them. When President Benson hears of the apparent failure of another mission, he takes matters into his own hands; however, Topper and his teammates reach the Iraqi hostage camp. In the course of the operation, the alarm is raised and a gunfight ensues, during whose course Topper finds out that Harbinger is not the saboteur, but has merely lost faith in fighting, and manages to remotivate him. After the prisoners are freed, Topper decides to rescue Dexter, who has been brought to Saddam's palace. While the squad evacuates the hostages, Topper enters Saddam's palace and runs into the dictator himself, who pulls out his machine pistol and commands Topper to surrender. Topper disarms Saddam, and they engage in a sword fight. President Benson arrives and orders Topper to rescue Dexter while Benson and Saddam continue the duel. Benson defeats Saddam by spraying him with a fire extinguisher, upon which he and his dog solidify, crack, and melt, only to subsequently combine and reform as Saddam with his dog's head fur, nose, and ears. In the meantime, Topper manages to find and liberate Dexter. The squad heads back to the army helicopter, where Ramada, after a complicated revelation involving unfounded jealousy, reveals and arrests Michelle as the saboteur who betrayed the previous rescue attempts to the Iraqis. Dexter arrives with Topper and insists on taking a picture of him and Ramada, but backs away too far and topples over a cliff. President Benson joins the escapees, and the evacuation team lifts off; Saddam is about to shoot down the chopper when Topper and Ramada get rid of extra weight in it by pushing a piano out the open door, which crushes him. Topper and Ramada kiss as they ride off into the sunset, although the chopper gets a little scorched from flying through the sun."] ['A clan of ninjas finds an abandoned treasure chest that had been washed onto shore, inside of which was a white infant boy. An ancient legend spoke of a foreigner who would come among the ninja and become a master like no other. The white orphan boy, Haru , is raised amongst the ninja, with the expectation that he may be the one of whom the legend speaks. As Haru grows into adulthood, doubts are quickly cast over him for being Japan\'s most notorious great white ninja. Although Haru does possess some ninja traits, he is clumsy and does not really fit in, and fails to graduate a ninja with the rest of his class. Left alone to protect the temple while the clan are on a mission, Haru disguises himself as a ninja when a blonde American woman who comes to the temple to seek the services of one. The woman, Sally Jones , is being suspicious of her ex-boyfriend, Martin Tanley , and sends Haru to a Tokyo harbor to investigate. Haru finds out that Tanley and his staff, Nobu  are involved in a counterfeiting business and witnesses a murder. The clan are angry and disappointed with Haru\'s actions when Tokyo police realize that Haru is responsible for the murder. However, Haru admits that Sally was in trouble, despite that her name is a pseudonym. Haru departs from Tokyo to Beverly Hills to search for Sally. Gobei , Haru\'s adoptive brother and the best ninja in his class at the beginning of the film, is sent by the clan to watch over and protect Haru. Haru has trouble adjusting to Western culture, but checks in at a Beverly Hills five-star hotel, where he befriends its employee, Joey Washington , and teaches him some ninja lessons. Haru sets out on his search for Sally, convinced that she is in trouble. Haru eventually finds Sally, but she distances herself from him. Haru tracks Tanley and Nobu to a night club in Little Tokyo, where they are trying to get back a set of counterfeiting plates from their rival gang. Unfortunately, Haru finds himself as the suspect of a second murder. Haru return to the hotel the next day and meditates to communicate with his sensei  for guidance. Haru resumes his quest to search for Sally, and finally tracks down Tanley\'s mansion. Upon entering Tanley\'s mansion, Haru speaks with Sally, whose real name is Alison Page on her license plate. He eventually begins to trust her again, and Alison tells Haru that she accused Tanley for killing her sister. That night, Haru and Alison escape a gun-fight at a Japanese restaurant, where Tanley and his henchmen sees Alison there. Haru and Alison have their retreat at the hotel for the night. The next day, Haru disguises himself as ink specialist Chet Walters  and Tanley takes him to his warehouse, where Tanley soon finds out that Haru is "the fat ninja that everyone is talking about". While Tanley is in the process of getting the other half of the plates that night, Alison rescues Haru from the back of Tanley\'s van. However, Tanley kidnaps Alison during the process, and Haru must find his way back to Tanley\'s warehouse to rescue Alison, but since he was blindfolded during his first trip, Haru must recreate his ride by memory and enlists his help of Joey and without knowing that Gobei is also hiding in the trunk. After Joey accidentally drives the convertible through a horse race and a car wash, he and Haru start over. Gobei gets out of the trunk after Haru is blindfolded, knocks Joey out, and drives the convertible to Tanley\'s warehouse. Haru uses his momentum of a large palm tree to jump into Tanley\'s warehouse, while Gobei also makes it in by using stealthier methods. Haru and Gobei fight Tanley\'s henchmen together until Haru is reminded that he should be rescuing Alison. Using a forklift, Haru smashes two holes in the wall of the room where Tanley holds Alison hostage, almost setting off the bomb. Haru attempt to defuse the bomb, but accidentally resets it for five minutes. Haru leaves Alison for four minutes to help Gobei, who is surrounded by Tanley\'s henchmen. Haru jumps off the railing and eventually lands on an axe-wielding henchman who attempt to kill Gobei and suddenly becomes an adept ninja when Gobei gets hurt by Nobu and his henchmen. Haru and Gobei defeat one henchman with their help from Joey, who also jumps into Tanley\'s warehouse and eventually lands on one of them. Haru and Gobei has two minutes to fight Tanley, who has a gun. Haru cuts the rope of a winch to aim for Tanley, but the hook accidentally knocks out Gobei instead. Blocking Tanley\'s bullets by swinging his two swords, Haru successfully incapacitates Tanley. Haru return to the upper level to rescue Alison. Using a huge harpoon gun mounted on a cart, Haru shoots a harpoon through the room and inadvertently lands in the back of a truck where Tanley attempt to escape from his warehouse. After capturing the bomb, the cart lands into Tanley\'s truck and explodes seconds later. Haru successfully rescues Alison, and Tanley and his surviving henchmen are arrested. Sometimes later, Haru talks to his sensei about returning to Beverly Hills to live with Alison and where the place do not have ninjas there. Haru and Alison later ride together on the bus, which accidentally drags a rope tied into Gobei\'s wheelchair. Haru shouts an apology to Gobei, who is thrown into the ocean at the end of the film.'] ['New in New York City, Barbara Novak arrives at Banner House to present her new work, Down with Love, a book the intent of which is to free women from love, teach them to enjoy sex without commitment, and to replace the need for a man with things such as chocolate. Following her rules would, she believes, help to give women a boost in the workplace and in the world in general. The men who run Banner House refuse to support the book. The only way Vicky Hiller, Barbara\'s editor, can find to promote the book is for Barbara to meet Catcher Block – a successful writer for the magazine Know and a notorious "ladies\' man, man\'s man, man about town" – but he avoids her repeatedly by postponing their dates until she gets fed up, insults him, and walks out. Catcher\'s boss and best friend, Peter McMannus, and Vicky take a liking to one another. However, their relationship revolves around Barbara and Catcher, and neither is brave enough to express their feelings for the other. Peter feels overshadowed by Catcher\'s strong personality, and Vicky wants to see strength in her lover. She even assumes Peter must be gay. Barbara starts promoting her book with Vicky\'s help, and things take off when they get Judy Garland to sing the song "Down with Love" as a promotion to the book on The Ed Sullivan Show. Sales skyrocket, as housewives and women around the world buy the book and rebel against their men; Catcher now wants to meet Barbara, but now it is she who rejects him. It all comes to a boiling point when Barbara appears on a national TV show talking about a chapter from the book – "The Worst Kind of Man" – and cites Catcher Block as the perfect example. His date rejects him, which infuriates him. Catch swears he will prove Barbara is the same as every other woman, wanting the same things men do. He arranges for a casual meeting at a dry cleaner shop, taking advantage of the fact that Barbara has never met or seen him, and he poses as an astronaut, Major Zip Martin, attentive and polite. Barbara appears to be immediately infatuated with this man who seemingly has no idea who she is, in contrast to men who now avoid her, viewing her as the enemy since the publication of her book. "Zip" takes her to the most fashionable locations in New York while maintaining considerable sexual tension between them by feigning naivete and a desire to remain chaste until he is "ready" for a physical relationship. But he starts falling for her, and it gets harder to go through with his plan. When Barbara finds Catcher/Zip at a party he is almost caught out, and decides it is time to take everything to the next level: he tells Barbara that Catcher Block wants to interview him for an exposé on the NASA space program and asks her to accompany him. It is his own apartment, and he sets everything up to record her saying she loves him. But then it is she who reveals the truth: she knew he was really Catcher from the beginning, but she also lied as she is not Barbara Novak but Nancy Brown, once one of Catcher\'s many secretaries, who fell in love with him whilst working at Know, but who turned him down when he asked her out because she did not want to be just another one in his long list of romances. She tells him she did this to be different from all the women he knew, and make him love her. They both realize that Catcher does love her, but as he is proposing, one of his many lovers appears and thanks Barbara for what she\'s done for womankind. Barbara realizes that she does not want love or him as she has become a real "down with love" girl. Vicky and Peter\'s relationship also changes when she insults him for helping Catcher. Peter realizes he is indeed like any other man and takes Vicky to Catcher\'s apartment to take things to the next level. Days later, Catcher is completely depressed; all his efforts to win Barbara back have failed. Even his exposé is ruined now that Barbara has told her story in her own magazine, Now. Peter is also depressed as his relationship with Vicky is now apparently based only on sex. Catcher realizes he can do something and writes a new exposé "How Falling In Love With Barbara Novak Made Me A New Man". He learns there is an opening at Now and goes for an interview with her. There, he tells her how much she changed him, and it is obvious she wants him but turns him down anyway; he says he wished there could be a middle ground for them "somewhere between a blonde and a brunette", referring to her real persona, where she was a brunette. As he is leaving her office, he realizes she is not coming after him, but she surprises him on the elevator, showing him a bright red hair style: she has found the middle ground and she wants to be with him. They fly to Vegas to get married, influencing Vicky and Peter, who also decide to get married. The end credits show their marriage has resulted in a new book intended to end the battle of the sexes. The pair end by singing "Here\'s To Love".'] ["Jaime Pressly stars as Tiffany Courtney, an overly perky editor working for Merle Magazine. To give her company's magazine a more legitimate readership , Tiffany proposes to her boss that the magazine hold a swimwear shoot on a tropical island starring the world's top five greatest supermodels. 1: Eva:  German beauty ranked as the world's number-one supermodel. Eva considers herself as seductive and refuses to wash or cut her armpit hair. 2: Yo: An African American beauty from New York. Yo is famous for her large 'booty' and is most renowned for inspiring rapper 'Inky Stinky' to compose a rap about her behind. 3: Darbie:  Blonde and slender; American supermodel Darbie is known for her ability to transform herself in 'a human doll'. She is reported to have spent 12 days in the window of Bloomingdales in New York, before store clerks realized she wasn't a dummy. 4: Hou-Che: Asian beauty, famous for her eighth-degree black belt in martial arts and for her breast implants, to which she seeks the forgiveness of her deceased grandfather. 5: P: Spanish P is famous for her heartbreaking pouting and her bipolar disorder. To take the pictures Tiffany recruits Gunter and Gerd, two asexual photographers from Germany. The supermodels all agree to participate and are flown to the Islands of Isis, a tropical paradise where the shoot is to take place. Things don't start of well for Tiffany. As well as showing hatred towards each other the supermodels are instantly put of by Tiffany's excessive perkiness. Things go from bad to worse for Tiffany when she starts hearing the voice of Ryan from her self-help tapes in her head telling her to murder the supermodels. Once Tiffany starts hearing the voices a Ninja begins to murder the supermodels. P is shot in the back by a spear gun during a shoot. Hou-Che has her neck broken whilst in hand to hand combat with the Ninja . Despite the murders Tiffany is determined to go ahead with the shoot. The next to be killed is Yo who dies of a massive bout of flatulence after the Ninja tampered with steroid suppositories she was taking to maintain her large behind. The voices in Tiffany's head continue to tell her that she had killed them and suspicion falls on Tiffany from the remaining models. One the final day of the shoot, Eva's failed attempts to seduce the asexual photographers results in her abandoning the shoot. She is later found shot along with Gunter. The Ninja confronts Tiffany and Gerd and is unmasked and is Tiffany's boss Merle. Darbie is revealed to be Merle's lesbian lover. Merle and Darbie  had conspired to kill the supermodels to promote the image of a new, intelligent supermodel. Gerd was also in on the scheme to escape from the dominance the mute Gunter to which he is basically a translator. Merle reveals that Tiffany is a major pawn in her scheme. The voices in her head were part of a scheme involving micro transmitters inserted in Tiffany's ears whilst she was having surgery to remove a freckle on her left nipple which Tiffany was concerned would turn cancerous. The voices are provided by Ryan himself  who is another associate of Merle. He is also Dieter, Eva's poolboy. Merle turns the gun on Tiffany, she tries to talk them out of killing anyone else but is shot dead to set her up as the killer. The movie ends with Merle and Sarah/Darbie on the beach, talking about the future, but Merle is then shot  by Sarah/Darbie assumably so only she would control the new wave of models."] ['The film begins with a pre-credit sequence where a group of unnamed terrorists have parked a vehicle containing a guided missile pointed straight at the Palace of Westminster whilst politicians are heard on the film\'s soundtrack. They are thwarted by a group of older women in a tour group who turn out to be cross-dressing commandos who eliminate the terrorists with sub-machine guns and grenades. They are led by Agent Charles Vine with his second-in-command being Lt. Guy Fawkes who has saved the Parliament of England. The film proper begins with the Royal Air Force testing a secret light-weight metal called "Spurium" http://ftvdb.bfi.org.uk/sift/title/396326?view=synopsis that enables nuclear aircraft to fly. An unnamed sinister organisation led by a man named Angel hijacks the DC-3 aircraft by hypnotising the RAF Regiment guards and flying the plane to another location but they are shot down by the RAF. Afraid the incident may happen again, Vine is assigned as security to the project. However Angel\'s organisation kidnap Vine and replace him with one of their own men named Seraph. Obtaining information before he escapes allows Seraph to steal a sample of Spurium to be sold to the Soviet Union; however the Russians believe he is double-crossing them and kills him. Vine escapes and reports to the RAF airbase where he meets his RAF counterpart, Flight Lieutenant Felicity "Fiz" Moonlight. Angel\'s men try an all out assault on the airfield to capture the next nuclear aircraft set to fly. Vine and Angel end up in the nuclear aircraft that takes flight but Vine is rescued by F/L Moonlight.'] ['Dana Marschz  is a recovering alcoholic and failed actor who has become a high school drama teacher in Tucson, Arizona, "where dreams go to die". Despite considering himself an inspirational figure, he only has two enthusiastic students, Rand  and Epiphany , and a history of producing poorly-received school plays that are essentially stage adaptations of popular Hollywood films (his latest being [[Erin Brockovich . When the new term begins, a new intake of students are forced to transfer into his class as it is the only remaining arts elective available due to budget cutbacks; they are mostly unenthusiastic and unconvinced by Dana’s pretentions, and Dana comes into conflict with Octavio , one of the new students. Dana is floored when Principal Rocker  notifies him that the drama program is to be shut down at the end of the term. Seeking to inspire his students, Dana undertakes to write and produce an original play: a sequel to Hamlet featuring time travel to avoid the deaths of the characters, and new, more controversial content, including the introduction of Jesus Christ  as one of the characters, complete with a song-and-dance number titled "Rock Me Sexy Jesus." The kids gradually warm to the project, but Rand &mdash; cast as a bi-curious Laertes and overshadowed by Octavio as Hamlet &mdash; storms out of the drama group and provides a copy of the play’s script to Principal Rocker, who orders Dana to stop the controversial production. Dana is further traumatized when his wife Brie  leaves him for the uninteresting, but fertile, boarder Gary  they had taken into their home to supplement their modest income, and reveals that he himself is infertile. Despondent, Dana falls off the wagon and tries to abandon the project, but his students encourage him to continue, arranging an abandoned warehouse and rave spot, technical assistance, and security being provided by the high school\'s football and wrestling teams. Dana also learns that the cancellation of the play has become a civil liberties issue encouraged by fanatical ACLU activist Cricket Feldstein . As a result, the play opens to a sold-out house, including a critic from The New York Times. Rand returns to the group, apologizing for his desertion; Dana allows him to return to the role of Laertes. The play itself initially meets with a mixed reception, due to its controversial content and mangling of the original play; in keeping with a running joke throughout the movie, much of the content revolves around the characters using time travel to mend their troubled relationships with their fathers; it ends with both Hamlet and Jesus forgiving their fathers for the wrongs done to them. Although initially reluctant to engage with the play, with several protesters infiltrating the audience to stage a direct protest, the play gradually wins the audience over. The film ends with Dana and his favorite actress, Elisabeth Shue &mdash; who he is now dating &mdash; meeting Dana’s students to prepare for the show\'s Broadway opening, complete with original cast.'] ["Set in 1950s Los Angeles, Richard Hudson  is a shrewd car dealer who moves from San Francisco and sets up a used-car dealership. Tiring of this job, he turns the lot over to an assistant and starts writing his first movie, The Man Who Got Away. It turns out to be an uncommercial picture chronicling the story of a truck driver who goes berserk, runs over a little girl and dies fending off a platoon of police officers. In making his film, Richard enlists the help of his father-in-law, Leo , a washed-up former film director whose notable possession is a Rouault painting of a clown. Through Leo, Richard pitches his idea to the Man , the chief executive of Mammoth Pictures who green-lights the project. Conflict inevitably arises when Richard's obsession for making the movie his way clashes with the Man. Other kooky characters include Richard's mother , a former ballerina who lures her hirsute lug of a son into a comic pas de deux ; Richard's sexually curious stepsister, Becky , who seduces him, and his secretary, Laura , whom he impregnates with a boorish indifference. The Woman Chaser premiered at the 1999 New York Film Festival and went on to play at top film festivals including Sundance, South By South West, Florida, Seattle, Stockholm and Athens winning several special jury and audience awards. The film had theatrical distribution in major U.S. cities and played on Sundance Channel and Showtime, becoming a cult movie."] ['Harry Pierce  and his friend, Willie Piper , invest $5,000 in a motion picture studio. They are sold a deed to the Edison Studio by a con man, Joe Gorman , who immediately leaves town with his girlfriend, Leota Van Cleef . The couple heads to Hollywood where he poses as a European director, Sergei Toumanoff, who plans to make a film starring Leota. Meanwhile, Harry and Willie pursue Gorman across the country in hopes of getting their money back after learning that the deed they purchased is worthless. They hop off a freight train near Los Angeles and stumble onto the set of the western film that Toumanoff happens to be directing. He is furious with the interruption, but the head of the movie studio, Mr. Snavely , hires Harry and Willie because he is impressed with their "stunt work". Toumanoff plots to dispose of Harry and Willie before they can learn his true identity, and he arranges for Willie to double for Leota during a dangerous airplane stunt. His cohort, Hinds , sabotages their parachute and arranges for live bullets to be fired from the other plane in the scene, but Harry and Willie manage to avoid harm. After viewing the film of the airplane stunt, Snavely decides that Harry and Willie would make a great comedy team, and assigns a visibly annoyed Toumanoff to direct them in a film. . Gorman and Leota then go about robbing the studio safe of $75,000, but are discovered by Harry and Willie, who give chase. The studio\'s Keystone Kops are asked by Harry and Willie, who believe that they are real policemen, to assist in the chase. The Kops decide to play along, believing that they are on the same work team. The chase progresses onto the city streets before ending at an airport where the swindlers are finally captured. Unfortunately, the stolen money is blown away by the wind generated by the airplane\'s propeller.'] ["Prominent criminal attorney Amos Strickland  checks into the Lost Caverns Resort Hotel, and is later discovered murdered by the bellboy, Freddie Phillips , who is implicated in the crime. Casey Edwards , the house detective, tries to clear Freddie, but Inspector Wellman  and Sergeant Stone  keep him in custody. Seven of Strickland's former clients happen to be at the resort, and they are all suspects. These former clients are Swami Talpur , Angela Gordon , Mrs. Hargreave , T. Hanley Brooks , Lawrence Crandall , Mrs. Grimsby  and Mike Relia . They gather for a meeting, and decide that they must conceal their pasts and that Freddie must take the blame for Strickland's murder. They try unsuccessfully to get Freddie to sign a confession, e.g., Angela tries to seduce him, but the police stop her when they fear she's poisoned the champagne. Then the Swami attempts to hypnotize him into committing suicide, but his stupidity saves him. Freddie and the two police officers, in an attempt to lure the real killer, inform everyone that Freddie is in possession of a blood-stained handkerchief that was found at the murder scene. Soon afterwards, several attempts to kill Freddie are made, including gun shots at window of his booby trapped room, and locking him in a steam cabinet. Eventually Freddie hears a voice that calls him to bring the handkerchief to the Lost Cavern. There he meets up with a masked figure who offers to save him from the hole he has just fallen into in exchange for the handkerchief. Freddie makes the mistake of telling the mysterious figure that he left it in his room. He is left in the hole, but is eventually rescued by the two police officers. Back at the hotel, everyone has gathered together and Stone returns with some muddy shoes that belong to Melton , the hotel manager, which proves that he was the one in the caverns with Freddie. His motive for the murder was that he, Relia and Millford, Strickland's secretary, were blackmailing the owner Mr. Crandell. When Strickland found out, he came to investigate, so Melton killed him. Millford then sent down the former clients to use as decoys for the police, but Melton then killed Relia and Millford to cover it all up. He attempts to escape through a window, but is caught by a booby trap previously set by Freddie."] ["The film is a semi-autobiographical account of Makmahlbaf's experience as a teenager when, as a seventeen-year-old, he stabbed a policeman at a protest rally and was jailed. Two decades later, Makhmalbaf made the decision to track down the policeman whom he had injured in an attempt to make amends. A Moment of Innocence is a dramatization of that real event."] ['An unemployed African man, Ibrahima, lives with his two wives and kids. A nephew of his sends him a money order from France worth 25,000 Francs which he has saved from working as a street sweeper. He is to keep some of the money for himself, save a portion for his nephew, and give a portion to his sister. However, Ibrahima faces numerous difficulties with the Senegalese bureaucracy in trying to cash the money order. The film explores themes of neocolonialism, religion, corruption, and relationships in Senegalese society.'] ["In the month of May 1550 two great houses were to be united by the betrothal of the son of Rutland and the heiress of Haddon Hall. Sir George Vernon  is forfeit to Rutland on his daughter's 18th birthday, for ten of his thirty manors lying adjacent to Rutland. His daughter Dorothy  and John Manners  are forced to marry each other on their 18th birthday, but they can't stand each other. John is in France with Mary Stuart  and George intents to use this as a way for Dorothy to be able to marry her cousin Malcolm Vernon . On her 18th birthday, Dorothy prepares to marry Malcolm. Malcolm comes over from Scotland for the wedding, while Dorothy has seconds thoughts about marrying someone she has never met. Meanwhile, George is demanded by the Rutland men to forfeit for Dorothy not marrying John. Dorothy is charmed when she meets Malcolm and makes sure to him she has no intention in marrying John. She doesn't know Malcolm really is John and when he reveals himself, she is shocked and insulted. She informs her father, while the real Malcolm shows up as well. Dorothy has to point out John, but fears John will be killed and points out Malcolm. John has the time to run away, while Malcolm is revealed to not be John. Meanwhile, Mary Stuart is ordered to come to England immediately when her ring is found. John is the one who has to get her from Scotland, but is afraid Queen Elizabeth will find out. Dorothy has secretly fallen in love with John and meets him several times in the forest and at the castle in disguise. Dorothy tells him she wants for them to elope, but John convinces her to wait for the right time. When George catches Dorothy and John together, he is outraged. Malcolm comes in to kill John, but Dorothy stops him and John flees. Dorothy keeps on seeing John, while her wedding to Malcolm keeps on getting closer. John has just taken Mary into his home for refuge. George has become very wealthy and even invites Queen Elizabeh  for the wedding. Queen Elizabeth accepts, but orders everyone who assists Mary to be beheaded. Dorothy, meanwhile, feels she is a prisoner in her own home and writes John a letter about wanting to elope with him. George gets his hands on the letter and orders John to be hanged. She attempts to escape, but gets caught and imprisoned. Dorothy agrees to marry Malcolm if John won't be hanged. She didn't know John was actually never captured and that George lied to trick her into marrying Malcolm. On her wedding day, Dorothy finds out her father lied to her about hanging John and seeks revenge. She orders her maid Jennie  to pursue John to rescue Dorothy. When Jennie arrives at the Rutland Castle, she catches Mary in John's arms and hurries back to Haddon Hall to tell Dorothy the truth. Dorothy is outraged and informs Queen Elizabeth about Mary's whereabouts. Queen Elizabeth announces she will behead the earl of Rutland and John for treason and orders Malcolm and his troops to arrest him. Dorothy immediately feels sorry for John, but isn't able to stop the queen. Dorothy rushed to the Rutland Castle, but isn't able to leave Haddon Hall as the gates are closed. Dorothy is able to escape over the walls and is the first one to arrive at Rutland Castle. She warns Mary and finds out John is on his way to Haddon Hall. Dorothy tries to save Mary by dressing up like her. The troops mistake Dorothy for Mary and take her to the queen. Here, Dorothy reveals herself. Queen Elizabeth feels betrayed and demands for Dorothy to be taken away to jail. John comes to rescue her, but Queen Elizabeth catches them. She decides to release Dorothy and send John away to Wales for one year. When Dorothy is informed Malcolm and his troops intend to murder Queen Elizabeth, she and John try to save her. This results into Malcolm and John getting into a sword fight. John eventually kills Malcolm and is reunited with Dorothy."] ["Van Horne , a bank robber dressed like a Roman Catholic priest, is spared from a firing squad in 1922 in an unnamed Central America nation and sent to kill a local desperado. The film marks the final screen appearance by Hayworth, whose health worsened as Alzheimer's disease took hold."] ['A group of radicalised young Muslim English men aspire to be suicide bombers. They are Omar , the leading straight man who is deeply critical of Western society and imperialism; his dim-witted friend, Waj ; Barry , a bad-tempered and extremely rash White convert to Islam; and naive Faisal , who tries to train crows to be used as bombers. While Omar and Waj go to a terrorist training camp in Pakistan, Barry recruits a reluctant fifth member, Hassan . The visit to the training camp ends in disaster, with Omar misfiring a rocket that kills fellow jihadists; however, he uses the experience to assert authority on his return to Britain. The group begins acquiring materials for making improvised explosive devices but disagree about what to target. Barry wants to bomb a local mosque as a false flag operation to "radicalise the moderates", but Omar considers this idiotic. Faisal suggests blowing up a branch of the pharmacy chain Boots, but Omar states it is a not a worthwhile target. Hassan allows an oblivious neighbour  into their safe house; the group think they have been compromised and transport their volatile explosives to a new location in grocery bags. Faisal accidentally trips in a field, while carrying the explosives, and blows up. This causes a row among the remaining four, who disband; but they reconcile, and Omar decides to target the upcoming London Marathon. Wearing mascot costumes to conceal their explosives—Omar as the Honey Monster; Waj as a man riding an ostrich; Barry as a Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtle; and Hassan as an inverted clown —they prepare to attack. Waj expresses doubts about the rectitude of the plot, but Omar convinces him to go ahead. Hassan loses his nerve and tries to alert nearby police officers, but Barry detonates his bomb using a mobile phone, killing Hassan, the police and alerting the authorities to the remaining three. Omar realises he has led an unwitting Waj into something he does not want to do, and sets off to make him change his mind. Police attempt to shoot Omar as he mingles with other runners but, instead, shoot a bystander dressed as a Wookiee. Omar eventually contacts Waj from his mobile phone but is attacked by Barry, who swallows the phone\'s SIM card. However, Barry begins to choke on it, causing a passer-by to carry out the Heimlich manoeuvre and detonate his bomb. Waj is cornered by police and takes a kebab shop hostage. Omar then borrows a phone and attempts to talk Waj down. However, his call is interrupted by a police raid in which they shoot a hostage whom they mistake for Waj. Confused, Waj detonates his bomb, destroying the kebab shop. Distraught, Omar walks into a nearby pharmacy and detonates his own bomb. It is revealed later that the police have arrested Omar\'s innocent and peaceful brother as a terrorist; that they deflect responsibility for shooting the bystander; and that Omar and Waj killed Osama Bin Laden when Omar fired his rocket backwards in Pakistan.'] ["Cheech & Chong's The Corsican Brothers opens with a rock band  performing with their band in the streets throughout parts of France. Disliking their brand of music, the locals pay off the band to vacate and shortly after the two lead band members meet a gypsy storyteller. She tells them the story of the Corsican brothers who attempt to overthrow a cruel member of a monarchy. After the story they continue to play in the streets and give an epic final performance before the credits start to roll."] ['Taoist priest Kau is engaged to perform a reburial for a deceased rich man. Together with his inept students Man-choi and Chau-sang, Kau discovers that the corpse is still almost intact and looks alive. They attempt to prevent the corpse from resurrecting by drawing magical lines all over the coffin, but the corpse still breaks out and becomes a geung si . The vampire runs amok and starts killing many people while Kau and his students try to stop it. In one battle, Man-choi is bitten by the vampire and infected with the "vampire virus", causing him to almost turn into a vampire as well. Meanwhile, Chau-sang is seduced by a female ghost and nearly loses his soul to her. Kau has a hard time dealing with his students\' problems and putting an end to the vampire\'s rampage.'] ['Dewey Cox begins his quest for stardom in Springberry, Alabama in 1946. While playing with his brother Nate, Dewey accidentally cuts his brother in half at the waist with a machete. This leads Dewey\'s father  to frequently repeat the phrase "The wrong kid died" throughout the film. The trauma causes Dewey to lose his sense of smell&nbsp;&ndash; "you\'ve gone smell blind," states Dewey\'s mother. After his brother\'s death is announced by a physician making a housecall, Dewey\'s mother  sends him to the local store to buy some butter and a candle. There, he meets a blues guitarist , who lets Dewey play his guitar. Dewey is a natural. After a successful, yet oddly controversial, talent show performance, then fourteen-year-old Dewey  decides to leave Springberry with his newly-identified 12-year-old girlfriend, Edith . They soon marry and have a baby; Edith begins to criticize Dewey and insist that his dream of being a musician will never happen. While working at an all-African American nightclub, Dewey gets a break when he replaces singer Bobby Shad ([[Craig Robinson  at the last minute, much to the delight of the Hasidic Jewish record executives attending the show. Dewey then is brought to the studio where he is interrupted while recording a rockabilly rendition of "That\'s Amore". The recording executive  berates Dewey as talentless. Backed into a corner, Dewey makes the first recording of "Walk Hard", the song inspired by a speech Dewey gave to Edith. Within 35 minutes, the song becomes a hit, and Dewey begins to get caught up in the fame of rock and roll. When Dewey stumbles upon a room of groupies smoking with drummer Sam , Sam introduces Dewey to marijuana. Sam tells Dewey to leave because he "don\'t want no part of this shit"  but Dewey eventually tries it and continues to do so every time he finds Sam with a new drug. His attitude and drug problems cause him to become unfaithful to Edith. Dewey\'s father then returns to inform Dewey that Dewey\'s mother has died. Pa manages to make Dewey feel responsible for her death, contributing to an already high level of inner turmoil. Dewey is then introduced to cocaine, which leads to a change in his music to a louder, "punk" type. With the addition of backup singer Darlene Madison , Dewey produces several more hit records. However, they become attracted to each other, and Dewey weds Darlene while still married to Edith, which leads to both women leaving him. Dewey is eventually busted after purchasing drugs from an undercover cop, serves time in jail, and spends time in rehab before Darlene returns. They then move to Berkeley, California, in 1966 at the beginning of the \'60s counterculture movement. Dewey writes protest songs for dwarfs. His singing style is then compared by a reporter to that of Bob Dylan, which Dewey angrily denies. In the next scene, a music video shows that Dewey\'s new song mimics Dylan\'s style, including opaque lyrics . During a visit with his band to India, Dewey takes LSD with The Beatles , which causes Dewey to lose touch with reality yet again and have a Yellow Submarine-esque hallucination. Dewey becomes obsessed with every aspect of the recording process and is consumed with creating his masterpiece entitled Black Sheep (an homage to Brian Wilson\'s [[Smile . The band does not appreciate his insane style of music and his continuous abuse of the others in the group. As a result the band breaks up; Darlene is also unable to deal with Dewey\'s insanity and drug problems and leaves him. Dewey goes through another stay in rehab, where he is visited by Nate\'s ghost . Nate ridicules Dewey\'s self-pity and tells him to start writing songs again. Dewey is next seen jogging into the 1970s, and hosting a CBS variety television show. But his song-block prevents him from writing a masterpiece for his brother. . Nate appears again and tells Dewey that he needs to tell Pa that he loves him. Although Dewey\'s father appreciates his courage, he challenges Dewey to a fight to the death with machetes. However, Pa accidentally cuts himself in half. Just before he dies, the senior Cox forgives Dewey, and tells him to be a better father than he was. His death causes Dewey to have an emotional breakdown and he destroys almost everything in his home. Dewey accepts that it is time to focus on spending time with his numerous children. Darlene returns to him in 1992. Dewey talks to Darlene about what he has done since they last met. After finally understanding what is most important to him, Dewey regains his sense of smell. In 2007, Dewey becomes popular with younger listeners through rapper Lil\' Nutzzak\'s sampling of "Walk Hard". Dewey is upset about this at first, but pays it little mind when he is informed that he is to receive the lifetime achievement award. Dewey is reluctant to play a song at first, fearing the temptations he once succumbed to, but his wife, children and grandchildren put their full support behind him. Dewey reunites with his band, and he is finally able to fulfill his dream of creating one great masterpiece that sums up his entire life with his final song, "Beautiful Ride." Dewey dies 3 minutes after the performance.'] ['The police force of the somewhat-quiet town of Amity decide to get crime off the streets and decide that the prostitutes are better off working out of the police station. The ladies take over several police duties to ensure their cover.'] ['Udd and Yai are a gay couple who love cowboy movies and move from the city to a rural area to have a more intimate, rustic setting for their relationship. They buy an abandoned filling station and look to settle down. Udd then finds that Yai is having an affair with Tangmo, a local woman who has a lesbian lover, Jenny. Neither Yai nor Tangmo are aware of either of their sexual histories, but Udd discovers the affair and plans to have anal sex with his grandfather out of revenge. However, none of them know that he is a zombie, and lives with some scary spirits.'] ['The story begins on a small spaceship docking with a refueling station. On board are a group of four aliens, Bernard, Sandra, Desmond, and Julian. During a particularly tedious period of their stay at the station, the other three begin playing with the ship’s controls while Bernard is outside playing spaceball. They accidentally disconnect his part of the ship, leaving him stranded while they crash into a large blue planet close by . The aliens become instant celebrities on arrival, despite being able to bring no great revelation or technical ability to the people of Earth . They find a manager  and become wealthy more or less overnight, packing fans in auditoriums just to see them. Meanwhile, Bernard arrives on Earth via other means of transport. Despite being by far the most intelligent of the group, Bernard is not afforded any celebrity, and is in fact condemned to vagrancy and a brief stint in mental hospital before reuniting with his fellow travellers near the end of the film. The others, fearing that the introduction of Bernard would lessen their popularity and celebrity, fail to mention that they had originally been travelling with a fourth.'] ['John Candy plays Jack Gable, a nearly out-of-work soap opera writer, whose product, like him, is now dated. The show he produces, All My Dreams, takes place in Ashford Falls, a wealthy, sleepy suburb of New York City. Laura  plays Rachel Hedison, a woman who stops at nothing to acquire wealth and power. Jack\'s situation is only worsened by his despicable work associates who would sooner show him the door than work with him. Behind his back, they commission Arnie Federman, another writer, to rewrite his script, setting one of the themes for the movie. His associates want to write Laura out of the script due to the high cost of keeping her on the cast. They attempt to create a new character, Janet DuBois , to replace her and will be less costly with a new actress. Meanwhile, Jack has a one-sided infatuation with Laura, who humors and uses him but has no romantic interest in him. A fight with her boyfriend, however, leads her to call and ask to accompany him on a weekend trip to Vermont. He melts to the suggestion and as he loads her luggage in his Oldsmobile sedan\'s trunk, she makes up with her boyfriend and, as they kiss passionately on the sidewalk, the trunk lid suddenly pops open and strikes Jack on the chin, knocking him unconscious. When he awakens, he proceeds on his trip, only to be involved in a car accident. Upon waking from the crash, Jack finds himself in Ashford Falls Community Hospital, the same one in which his soap opera takes place. Thinking himself the victim of a prank by the actors, he goes to the window to confirm his suspicions, only to find the view beyond the glass is entirely of his own creation. Incredulous, he checks out of the hospital and makes his way to a motel, where he looks into getting his car repaired. When a conversation with the local auto mechanic  goes nowhere, he types in his typewriter that the mechanic calls him and tells him his radiator is fixed, only to have the words magically disappear from the page. A few seconds later, the phone rings and he suddenly finds out that his car is fixed. At this point he begins to explore the town, and in doing so he discovers that he is living within his own soap opera, a world in which he and his typewriter can control events. However, so can Arnie Federman in the "real world," which causes events to roll back and forth as he and Jack rewrite events back and forth, creating paradox after paradox. Jack seizes his newfound power to pursue Rachel. Despite his inventive writing skills, she manages to ignore him, yet his futile efforts are redeemed by the attentions of Janet Dubois . Other events ensue, in which he experiences the height of the high life, the lowest of the low, the full gamut of experiences, including a wild party which he wrote. The film ends with him getting together with the woman who played Janet, and getting the show produced how he wanted it to be.'] ['Sir Sidney Ruff-Diamond  is Queen Victoria\'s Governor in the British India province of Khalabar near the Khyber Pass. The province is defended by the feared 3rd Foot and Mouth Regiment, who are said to not wear anything under their kilts. When Private Widdle ([[Charles Hawtrey  is found wearing underpants after an encounter with Bungdit Din , chief of the warlike Burpa tribe, the Khasi of Khalabar  plans to use this information to incite an anti-British rebellion. He aims to dispel the "tough" image of the Devils in Skirts by revealing that contrary to popular belief, they do indeed wear underpants under their kilts. A diplomatic operation ensues on the part of the British, who fail spectacularly to prove that the incident was an aberration. The Governor\'s wife , in the hope of luring the Khasi into bed with her, takes a photograph of an inspection in which many of the soldiers present are found wearing underpants, and takes it to him. With this hard evidence in hand, the Khasi would be able to muster a ferocious Afghan invasion force, storm the Khyber Pass and reclaim India from British rule; but Lady Ruff-Diamond insists that he sleep with her before she parts with the photograph. He delays on account of her unattractiveness, eventually taking her away with him to Bungdit Din\'s palace. Meanwhile, the Khasi\'s daughter, Princess Jelhi , reveals to the British Captain Keene , with whom she has fallen in love, that the Governor\'s wife has eloped, and a team is dispatched to return her and the photo to British hands. Disguised as Afghan generals, the interlopers are unmasked amid a farcical orgy scene, imprisoned, and scheduled to be executed at sunset along with the Governor\'s wife. The Khasi\'s daughter aids their escape in disguise, but Lady Ruff-Diamond drops the photograph on leaving the palace. The group returns to the Khyber Pass to find its guards massacred and their weapons comically mutilated, in a rare moment of  poignancy. All attempts to hold off the advancing hordes fail miserably, and a hasty retreat is beaten to the Governor\'s Palace. The Governor, meanwhile, has been entertaining, in numerical order, the Khasi\'s fifty-one wives, each one of them wishing to "right the wrong" that his own wife and the Khasi himself have supposedly committed against him . After a browbeating from his wife, Sir Sidney calls a crisis meeting regarding the invasion, in which he resolves to "do nothing". A black tie dinner is arranged for that evening. Dinner takes place during a prolonged penultimate scene, with contrapuntal snippets of the Khasi\'s army demolishing the Palace exterior, and the officers and ladies ignoring the devastation as they dine. Shells shaking the building and plaster falling into the soup should not interrupt dinner; the British are not to be put off. Finally, at Captain Keene\'s suggestion, the gentlemen walk outside to be greeted by a bloody battle being waged in the courtyard. Still dressed in black tie, Sir Sidney orders the Regiment to form a line and lift their kilts, this time exposing their  lack of underwear. The invading army is terrified, and retreats at once.'] ['Three unlikely heroines Worthaboutapig , Dwyfuc  and Smirgut the Fierce  set out to thwart a Roman invasion and save Celtic Britain.'] ['Five new contestants are selected in a seemingly random lottery and, along with the winner of the previous series, comprise the six Contenders. Each series of The Contenders is played in the limits of a chosen city or town. Contenders are given a gun, though they may acquire other weapons, and the last one left alive is the winner. Contestants are forced to play the game, regardless of whether they desire to. A contender who wins three tours of the game is freed from it. The film purposely leaves many key details unexplained, as the viewer is supposed to be watching only what the creators actually aired in the fictional TV show. How the show became so powerful as to randomly select people to be killed is unexplained, but all the Contenders seem to treat it as something they cannot control. Series 7 is set in Newbury, Connecticut which happens to be the hometown of Dawn Lagarto. She is the longest reigning contender the show has ever seen. She has won two tours, and just needs to win one more to be set free. Dawn is eight months pregnant, and hopes to win the game for her baby. The show then hosts a lottery. Contenders are chosen by whichever social security number appears. The five contenders selected are: *Connie Trabucco - 57 years old, single, emergency room nurse. *Jeffrey Norman - 33 years old, married, artist. He is dying of testicular cancer and Dawn\'s former love. *Anthony Reilly - 39 years old, married, unemployed asbestos remover. *Franklin James - 72 years old, retired. *Lindsay Berns - 18 years old, student. Series 7 begins with a recap of the end of Series 6; the opening scene shows the heavily-pregnant Dawn enter a convenience store and fatally shoot a man in a seemingly random act. The show credits then roll, its rules are explained in voice-over narration, and the contenders are introduced. Interview segments interspersed with several of the contenders\' early attempts to attack each other offer insight and background on the contenders. Most unusually, Dawn and Jeffrey already know each other. They were high school sweethearts who broke up after Dawn became pregnant and had an abortion and Jeffrey came to believe he was gay. Jeffrey, now married to a woman, and Dawn meet and the terminally ill Jeffrey agrees to allow Dawn to kill him. Lindsay travels to Franklin\'s trailer home and attacks him. They fire at each other, but neither is killed. Lindsay suffered a bullet wound to her arm. Anthony tries to flee with his young daughter but is badly injured . Connie and Dawn track him to the hospital where Connie kills him by lethal injection. Following Anthony\'s death, the remaining contenders receive notes to meet someone from "The Underground" at a local mall to escape the game. At the mall, security confiscates Franklin\'s gun, but Lindsay is passed after stating she is part of the show. Dawn is near a Wick\'s n\' Stick\'s store, waiting for whoever sent the letter to arrive. A short time later, she spots Lindsay, and so does Franklin. Franklin creeps up behind Lindsay and beats her to death. Franklin is then killed by Connie, the mastermind behind the notes. The only contenders left are Dawn, Jeffrey, and Connie. Dawn tracks Connie to her home but goes into labor. Connie reluctantly assists her delivery and Dawn is transported to a local hospital to deliver. She names the baby "Jeffrey" but he is taken from her shortly after birth because of game rules. Contender Jeffrey, despondent when Dawn did not return to kill him as promised, is also in the hospital following a suicide attempt. Connie attempts another lethal injection upon Jeffrey, who now wants to live. He shoots and kills her. Dawn races to Jeffrey\'s room where they realize they are the final two Contenders. They agree to meet at a neutral location for a final showdown. There, they profess their love for each other and turn on the camera crews following them. The series finale traces Dawn and Jeffrey through surveillance footage and viewer tips to a movie theater. There they turn on the camera they seized from the crew and take the theater patrons hostage, demanding the return of Dawn\'s baby. At this point, the narrator advises the show\'s audience that all remaining footage was lost due to a technical error and that the events have been reconstructed as a "dramatic re-enactment." Actors playing Dawn and Jeffrey are shown with an official of the Contenders program. "Jeffrey" agrees again to let "Dawn" kill him but before she can "Doria"  appears and kills "Dawn." A distraught "Jeffrey" then shoots himself. The film closes with a "promo" for the upcoming Series 8, which shows Doria in prison denying that she killed anyone and reveals that Jeffrey has survived and is now the reigning contender.'] [' In lieu of a theme song and opening of the movie, Tashlin instead over laid traditional opening credits to faux television commercials for products that failed to deliver what they promise. From this comedic segue, the film opens on a writer for television advertising, Rockwell P. Hunter , who is low on the ladder at the La Salle agency, the company where he works. With the agency set to lose its biggest account &ndash; Stay-Put Lipstick &ndash; he hatches an idea to get the perfect model and spokesperson for Stay-Put\'s new line of lipstick, the famous actress with the "oh-so-kissable lips", Rita Marlowe . In order for Rita to endorse the lipstick, however, Rock has to pretend to be her boyfriend to make her real boyfriend, Bobo Branigansky , the star of a TV Tarzan show, jealous. Bobo leaks the news of Rita\'s new romance to the tabloids and Rock Hunter is suddenly famous as Marlowe\'s "Lover Doll". Hunter\'s boss decides to leverage his employee\'s new found fame—however when Hunter also gets Marlowe to agree on a television spectacular sponsored by Stay-Put, Hunter becomes the advertising firm\'s highest regarded employee. Marlowe meanwhile is miserable—she thinks she is falling in love with Hunter, but her one real true love is the man who discovered her—George Schmidlap . Not being able to find Schmidlap, she pursues Hunter, even though her Secretary "Vi"  warns her that she is playing a dangerous game. . Hunter soon finds fame to be a double edged sword, getting him what he wants, but with a price to be paid for that success. Women are crazy about him, and he has no peace of mind. Ultimately, he moves up the ladder at work, becoming company president, only to find it is not what he really wanted. Hunter confesses to his angry fiancée Jenny, that he finds himself at the top of the heap without any meaning and she takes him back. As Rita Marlowe opens her television spectacular for Stay-Put Lipstick, she is surprised by the appearance of the show\'s "surprise" guest star of , George Schmidlap. Freed from strain of advertising, Rock and Jenny retire to the country to tend a chicken farm announcing that he has found the real living end.'] ["Moments after the end of Class of Nuke 'Em High 2: Subhumanoid Meltdown , the mutant squirrel Tromie is subdued and life in Tromaville returns to normal. Roger Smith is overjoyed at the birth of his twin sons, Dick and Adlai. Unfortunately for all concerned parties, Dick is kidnapped at the hospital and subsequently raised to be evil by the thugs who took him. Adlai, meanwhile, is raised by Roger to be kind and peaceful. Trouble comes in the form of the loathsome Dr. Slag, Ph.D., who uses Dick to frame Adlai for a crime he did not commit in the hopes of turning the denizens of Tromaville against him. If his wily plot works, Slag will turn the town into a toxic wasteland; with destruction looming, it is up to Adlai to save the day. The plot is loosely based on William Shakespeare's The Comedy of Errors. The only thing carried over is the storyline of the twins being separated and a later identity crisis following. Not much else remains the same."] [' Jeff Gerber  lives in an average suburban neighborhood with his seemingly liberal housewife Althea , who tolerates her husband\'s character flaws out of love, and two children, Burton  and Janice . Every morning when Jeff wakes up, he spends some time under a tanning machine, bats around a boxing ball, drinks a health drink, and races the bus to work on foot. Jeff presents himself as happy-go-lucky and quite a joker, but others tend to see him as obnoxious and boorish. Althea, who watches the race riots every night on TV with great interest, chastises Jeff for not having sympathy for the problems of black Americans. One morning, Jeff wakes up to find that his pigment has changed. He tries to fall back asleep, thinking that it is a dream, but to no avail. He tries taking a shower to wash the "black" off him, but finds it doesn\'t work, when Althea walks into the bathroom, and screams. He explains to her that the "Negro in the bathroom" is him. At first, Jeff believes this to be the result of spending too much time under the tanning machine. He spends almost the entire day at home, afraid to go out of the house, only going out once to venture into the "colored part of town" in order to find a pharmacy to buy "the stuff they use in order to make themselves look white." His attempts to change his skin color fail. The next day, he is persuaded to get up and go to work. Things start out well at first, until Jeff is accused of "stealing something" while trying to eat at a restaurant for whites only. The policeman assumes that, since he is a black man, he must have stolen something. During his lunch break, he makes an appointment with his doctor who cannot explain Jeff\'s "condition" either. After several calls, the doctor suggests that Jeff might be more comfortable with a black doctor. Returning home, he finds Althea afraid to answer the phone. He doesn\'t understand why until he receives a call from a man telling him to "move out, nigger." At work the next day, a secretary  makes several advances toward him, finding him more attractive as a black man. Jeff\'s boss suggests that they could drum up extra business with a "Negro" salesman. At home one evening, he finds the people who had made the threatening phone calls, who offer him $50,000 for his home. Jeff manages to raise the price to $100,000. Althea sends the children to a relative and later leaves her husband. Finally accepting the fact that he is black, Jeff quits his regular job, buys an apartment building, and starts his own insurance company. The final scene shows him practicing martial arts with black menial workers, apparently having become one of the militants he used to put down.'] ['Shaun  is a salesman whose life has no direction. His younger colleagues show him no respect, he has a rocky relationship with his stepfather, Phillip , a tense relationship with his housemate, Pete , because of Ed , Shaun\'s crude best friend who lives on their couch and deals marijuana, and his girlfriend, Liz , is dissatisfied with their social life, as it consists primarily of spending every evening at the Winchester, Shaun and Ed\'s favourite pub. They never do anything alone together – Shaun always brings Ed, and Liz brings her flatmates, David  and Dianne . After a miserable day at work, Shaun meets an old friend, Yvonne , who asks him what he and Liz are doing for their anniversary, which makes him realise he forgot to book a table at a restaurant, as he had promised to do. Faced with this, Liz breaks up with him. Shaun drowns his sorrows with Ed at the Winchester. The two return home late and spin electro records, only to have Pete confront them, who is suffering a headache after being mugged and bitten by "some crackheads". Pete berates Shaun and tells him to sort his life out. Shaun resolves to do so. The next morning, an uprising of zombies has overwhelmed the town, but Shaun is too busy dealing with his problems and too hungover to notice. He and Ed become aware of what is happening after watching reports on TV, as zombies attack their house. After fighting back with weapons from the shed, they decide they need to go somewhere safe. Shaun and Ed decide that the safest place they know is the Winchester, and they plan to collect Shaun\'s mother, Barbara , Phillip, Liz, and her flatmates. Shaun discovers that a naked Pete is still in the house and is now a zombie, and he and Ed escape in Pete\'s car. After collecting Barbara and Phillip, who is bitten in the process, they switch cars and drive in Phillip\'s Jaguar and head to Liz, Dianne and David\'s flat, and collect them. Before they make it to the Winchester, Phillip dies of his bite, after he manages to make peace with Shaun. Abandoning the car as Phillip turns into a zombie, they set off on foot, bumping into Yvonne and her own band of survivors. Discovering that the path is infested with zombies, they devise a plan to sneak by, but Ed and Shaun get into an argument and the zombies are alerted. David smashes the window while Shaun distracts the zombies. Everyone takes refuge inside the pub, and Shaun joins them after giving the zombies the slip. After several hours, the zombies return. Ed gives away their position and the zombies converge on the pub. Shaun discovers that the Winchester rifle above the bar is functional and they use it to fend off the zombies. Barbara reveals a bite wound she picked up along the way and dies, becomes a zombie, and is reluctantly shot by a heartbroken Shaun. David is dismembered and disembowelled by the zombies, as a frantic Dianne unbolts the door to rescue him, exposing Shaun, Liz and Ed to the zombies. Ed prepares a Molotov cocktail to fend them off, but Pete arrives and bites him. He manages to get over the bar and Shaun uses the cocktail to set fire to the bar. They escape into the cellar. Trapped, they contemplate suicide, then discover a service hatch. Shaun and Liz escape through the hatch as a mortally wounded Ed stays behind with the rifle. Back on the street, as Shaun and Liz prepare to fight the zombies once more, the British Army arrives and they are rescued. Yvonne, who has also survived, shows up and tells Shaun and Liz to follow her. They approach the safety of the trucks, reconciled. Six months after the outbreak, the uninfected have returned to daily life, while the remaining zombies, retaining their instincts, are used as cheap labour and entertainment. Liz and Shaun have moved in together in Shaun\'s house, and Shaun is keeping Ed, who is now a zombie, tethered in the shed and playing video games.'] ['The movie is a farce about a mentally unstable advertising executive, Denis Dimbleby Bagley , who suffers a nervous breakdown while making an advert for pimple cream. Ward plays his long-suffering but sympathetic wife. Richard Wilson plays John Bristol, Bagley\'s boss. Bagley has a crisis of conscience about the ethics of advertising, which leads to mania. He then develops a boil on his right shoulder that comes to life with a face and voice. The voice of the boil, although uncredited, is that of Bruce Robinson. The boil takes a cynical and unscrupulous view of the advertising profession in contrast to Bagley\'s new-found ethical concerns. Eventually, Bagley decides to have the boil removed in hospital but moments before he is taken into the operating room, the boil quickly grows into a replica of Bagley\'s head  and covers Bagley\'s original head, asking doctors to lance it, which is done since nobody has noticed the switch from left to right nor the new moustache. Bagley, now with the boil head, moustache, and personality  returns home to celebrate his wedding anniversary, with the original head merely resembling a boil on his left shoulder. The "boil" eventually withers but doesn\'t die, yet Bagley resumes his advertising career rejuvenated and ruthless, although without his wife, who decides to leave his new cruel persona.'] ['The film\'s story concerns Victor Ajax , a young technician in the employ of Trend-Odegard Security. Mr. Trend, co-owner of the company , has learned of a plan by his partner to sell the company to Renaldo "The Heel"  and responds by hiring two exterminators who promise to "kill all sizes"  in order to eliminate Odegard and his plan. When Vic, who has been installing security cameras in Trend\'s apartment building, seems about to go back to the store, Trend distracts him with a lecture about "the grand design" and sends Vic on a quest to find his dream girl. The dream girl spontaneously materializes in the form of Nancy , who responds minimally to Vic but is enamored of Renaldo. Victor and several residents of the building including Mrs. Trend  run afoul of the killers and a seemingly random series of slapstick murders ensues, which is ultimately pinned on Victor. The movie is framed by Vic\'s journey to the electric chair for the crimes as Nancy, accompanied by several nuns, races to the scene in order to clear him. Raimi\'s trademarks are here including his 1973 Oldsmobile Delta 88  and younger brother Ted Raimi. Noted Hollywood producer Edward R. Pressman also plays a pivotal role.'] ["Ashtray , Tray for short, is sent to the inner city to live with his father. Tray gets an education about life on the streets from his psychotic, gun-toting cousin Loc Dog , self-hater Preach ([[Chris Spencer , and the cripple Crazy Legs . At a picnic Tray falls for the infamous Dashiki  much to the distaste of ex-convict Toothpick . While Ashtray and Loc Dog head to buy some snacks, Toothpick and his posse confront Ashtray and hold him at gunpoint, until Loc Dog threatens them and they flee. Loc Dog and Ashtray are then confronted by 'The Man' who tosses his gun to them and leaves. Meanwhile, Grandma rides to church and another elderly woman disses her and they have a breakdancing contest in the church in which Grandma wins. Ashtray visits Dashiki where they engage in sexual intercourse and Tray impregnates Dashiki and he feels like he's not responsible enough to be the father and Dashiki kicks him out. One of Toothpicks soldiers threatens Ashtray, Loc Dog, Preach, and Crazy Legs. Loc Dog knocks him out as him and Preach proceed to stomp him, flattening him . The quartet decides to get protection from their friend Old School. This tactic fails as Toothpick performs another drive-by and Crazy Legs is injured. Tray decides to confront Dashiki and be the father. Dashiki agrees to give Tray another try and they decide to leave the hood as planned. Ashtray and Loc Dog talk about Ashtray's departure as Toothpick and his posse prepare for another drive-by and he and Loc Dog clash as Ashtray flees and trips and is knocked out as Loc and Toothpick fight, until Grandma pops out of the dumpster and shoots Toothpick car as he is flung out and he lands on a cop car. Preach and Dashiki find Ashtray hurt and he regains consciousness and kisses Dashiki. A woman finds Toothpick  and beats him with his shoe for stealing from her in the past. Afterwards, everyone goes their separate ways, Ashtray and Dashiki marry and enjoy their lives, Loc Dog becomes a host and introduces himself with extreme profanity, Preach and his crush settle down and perform sexual intercourse, Crazy Legs becomes a dancer as he had dreamed of, and Grandma is as Ashtray puts it 'still Grandma'."] ['Turmoil grips Shanghai in the 1930s. Various gangs vie for power, the most feared of which is the Axe Gang, led by the infamous Brother Sum and aptly named after its weapon of choice. In the absence of law enforcement, people can live peacefully only in poor areas which do not appeal to gangs. An example is Pig Sty Alley, a tenement home to people of various trades, run by a lecherous landlord and his domineering wife. One day, two troublemakers, Sing and Bone, come to the alley impersonating members of the Axe Gang to gain respect. Their plan fails and Sing\'s antics attract the real gang to the scene. In the massive brawl that ensues, more than fifty gangsters are defeated by three tenants who are actually powerful martial arts masters: Coolie, Master of the Twelve Kicks; Tailor, master of the Iron Fist; and Donut, master of the Hexagon Staff. After the fight, Sing and Bone are apprehended by Brother Sum for publicly humiliating the Axe Gang. The two narrowly escape death when Sing quickly picks the locks on the chains with which they are bound and requests Sum to let him and Bone join the gang. Impressed with his skill at lock-picking, Sum tells them that if they kill just one person, he will allow them to join the gang. The next day, the duo return to Pig Sty attempting to murder the Landlady, but their efforts fail comically and they narrowly escape the furious Landlady. Sing is badly injured and hides in a traffic control pulpit, where his multiple injuries spontaneously heal. During this convalescence he unconsciously strikes the steel sides of the pulpit, leaving deep impressions of his hands. After he has fully recovered, he rejoins Bone, but is unable to explain his fast and mysterious healing. Sing and Bone lament their failure on the streets as the former describes his childhood: Sing spent his meager life savings to buy a Buddhist Palm manual from a beggar with the intention of "preserving world peace" and trained himself to be a martial artist. But when he tried to defend a mute girl from bullies trying to steal her lollipop, he was beaten up, humiliated and came to the conclusion that being a villain is better than being a hero. After telling his story, Sing then steals ice cream from a street vendor. Meanwhile, Sum hires the Harpists, a pair of skilled assassins who play a guzheng and materialize the sound waves using their Qi to create offensive and defensive objects, to assassinate the three martial artists at Pig Sty. They succeed, but are defeated by the Landlady and Landlord, who are actually powerful martial artists living in self-enforced retirement. They evacuate Pig Sty afterward and vow to deal with the Axe Gang. The following day, frustrated with lack of any progress, Sing mugs the female ice cream vendor from earlier, only to realize she is the mute girl from his childhood whom he had vainly tried to defend; she offers him the old lollipop that she tried to give him as a token of her gratitude in their childhood. Sing rebuffs her and knocks the lollipop away, shattering it against the wall and running off. After he and Bone separate, Sing is picked up by the Axe Gang. Sum orders him to break into a mental asylum to free the Beast, widely rumored to be the world\'s top killer. Sing frees the Beast and brings him to Sum\'s office. The "world\'s top killer" puzzles everyone there with his flippant attitude and sloppy appearance - but after stopping a bullet that he deliberately fired at himself in order to prove his skill, the gangsters bow in respect. The Beast leaves and confronts the Landlady and Landlord at the casino, who are waiting to kill Sum and his men. The two battle the Beast, destroying the casino in the process, until all three are stuck in a joint-lock. A reformed Sing rushes in and, ignoring Sum\'s orders to kill the Landlady and Landlord, hits the Beast\'s head with a table leg. Enraged, the Beast frees himself from the lock and pummels Sing. Before he can deliver a fatal blow, the Landlady and Landlord snatch the unconscious Sing and run off. Sum angrily blames The Beast for letting them escape and The Beast casually kills Sum in response. At Pig Sty Alley, Sing, while wrapped head-to-toe in bandages and treated with Chinese medicine, undergoes a metamorphosis. As he is severely beaten up by the Beast, his chi-energy activates more and flow through his body. He quickly recovers from his wounds because of chi flow, and his latent potential as a "natural-born martial arts genius" is realized due to the beating the Beast gave him. He easily defeats the Axe Gang before battling the Beast. The Beast uses his Toad Technique to send Sing rocketing into the sky. Again due to a heavy smash from the Beast, Sing\'s chi energy increases on sky and becomes incredibly powerful. As he falls back to earth, Sing recalls the Buddhist Palm, and delivers a blow that knocks the Beast flat and leaves a huge, hand-shaped crater in the ground. After another futile attempt to defeat Sing, the Beast bows, acknowledging Sing as the better fighter. Some time later, Sing and Bone open a candy store. When the mute ice cream vendor walks by, Sing goes out to meet her. A young boy walking outside after buying candy bumps into the beggar who gave Sing the Buddhist Palm book and tries to sell him one. The boy at first starts to walk away, but the beggar offers him something else, showing him several different pamphlets for martial arts. The child stares, intrigued.'] ["Set in the silent film era, Rainbow Studios figures they are losing revenue to a rival studio because they don't have Rudolph Valentino. Led by studio head Adolph Zitz, they decide to hold a contest for the World's Greatest Lover in order to find a star to combat Valentino's popularity. Rudy Hickman is a neurotic baker, but aspires to become a Hollywood star. His entry into the contest  tests his marriage, and his neuroses manifest in his screen test, where he nearly kills his fellow actress. Surprisingly, this behavior scores favorably with Zitz and the studio executives reviewing his performance. He gets a slot in the final phase of the contest, just after finding his wife Annie has left him."] ['Wan Tin-Sau  is an actor who cannot seem to catch a break, since his only professional jobs are limited to being a movie extra and is often tormented on stage. As well as being an actor, he is also the head of his village\'s community centre. One day a group of club girls come to ask Wan to help them act like innocent schoolgirls so they can make more money. One of the girls, Lau Piu-Piu , although a little hardy at first due to how she was first forced into becoming a call girl due to her ex-boyfriend  to make ends meet, becomes a better actress through Wan\'s instruction and falls in love with him. When both characters finally make love, Wan searches his home for enough money to pay Piu-piu for her "services", since he thinks she slept with him for money . After Piu-piu leaves him in anger, he goes back to the film studio where he always harasses crew members for a role, and finally hits the big time, receiving a part as Leading actor next to a legendary actress, Sister Cuckoo . During this time, Wan reconciles with Piu-piu and he pledges to support her for the rest of his life. Just as Wan is about to settle in the life of a movie star, his dreams of grandeur are crushed when his part is given to a highly sought after male lead. Luckily, he regains his confidence with the help of the misanthropic lunchman at the studio , who is secretly a C.I.B. agent. Wan is used in an undercover operation, where he is disguised as a delivery boy and made to deliver a hidden gun and listening device inside Take-out food. Although the ruse is discovered and the C.I.B. undercover agent is shot, Wan takes up the gun and saves the day. The lunchman is rushed to the hospital and survives his wounds. After a somewhat successful sting, Wan finally becomes famous through a performance of the "Thunder Storm". The actors include Piu-piu, Sister Cuckoo, and his wanna-be Triad students. The end of the film involves a blatant marketing plug for Pringles brand potato chips. The entire cast of the play stands backstage rehearsing their lines while literally stuffing their mouths full of Pringles, with the logos of all five cans clearly facing towards the camera. At one point, Wan and one of his triad students argues over who should play the role of Bruce Lee\'s character, when another actor screams "don\'t fight, eat chips!" When the closing credits role, a quick Pringles advertisement appears on the screen.'] ["In eastern Siberia's Dzhugdzhur Mountains, Dieter Von Cunth  and his men take control of the X-5 missile, which has a nuclear warhead. On the other side of the world Col. Jim Faith  and Lt. Dixon Piper  are searching for former Green Beret, Navy SEAL and Army Ranger MacGruber in Ecuador. The two men find MacGruber  meditating in a chapel, and try to convince him to return to the United States in an effort to retrieve the warhead. MacGruber refuses; later that night, MacGruber explodes into a fit of rage after a flashback where Cunth killed his fiancé, Casey Fitzpatrick , at their wedding; he then accepts the Colonel's offer. After arriving at The Pentagon and having a heated conversation with Faith and Piper, MacGruber decides he will form his own team to pursue Cunth, declining the offer to build a team around Piper. MacGruber successfully recruits all but his long-time friend Vicki St. Elmo  and Brick Hughes ([[Big Show  - MacGruber initially recruits Hughes, but upon discovering he is gay, crosses his name off his list. MacGruber and his team meet Faith and Piper on a tarmac. Upon being asked where his team is, MacGruber responds that they are in the van along with his homemade C-4 explosives. The van promptly explodes, killing the team. MacGruber is distraught over the loss of the team and is promptly removed from the Cunth case. In a one-on-one conversation with Piper, MacGruber convinces him to form a new team. Vicki also arrives, completing MacGruber's team. The group travels to Cunth's nightclub in Las Vegas. MacGruber gets on stage and announces who he is, his intentions, and where he will be the next day. The team sets up a sting operation with Vicki portraying MacGruber. Hoss Bender , one of Cunth's henchmen, attacks the van MacGruber and Piper are in. MacGruber tells Piper to pass him an Incredi-Mop, which he uses to turn the ignition key and hit the gas pedal, running down Bender. With Vicki disguised as Bender and Piper disguised as MacGruber, the team breaks into a warehouse to stop von Cunth from getting the passcodes to operate the rocket. MacGruber distracts the guards by walking around naked with a piece of celery clenched between his buttocks. Piper manages to kill most of the men inside, but is unable to stop the transfer of the pass codes. MacGruber and the team go to a charity event Cunth is holding. After a heated conversation, Cunth's guards throw MacGruber out. After the fiasco, MacGruber returns to the Pentagon where Faith reprimands him. MacGruber and Piper relax and drink after being taken off the case. Soldiers attack but MacGruber uses Piper as a human shield to survive; Vicki and MacGruber escape. Piper survives due to the fact that he was wearing a bulletproof vest, but leaves, disgusted that MacGruber used him as protection. Vicki and MacGruber return to Vicki's house where the two have sex. MacGruber goes to his wife's grave in shame, feeling that he has betrayed her memory, but her ghost gives her blessing to allow MacGruber to pursue Vicki. MacGruber then has sex with the ghost of his wife on her tombstone. Upon returning to Vicki's house, MacGruber discovers that Cunth kidnapped her, and realizes what Cunth's plan is: to bomb the State of the Union address. Cunth calls MacGruber to gloat, but MacGruber traces the call. MacGruber meets up with Piper to save Vicki. The two men make their way into Cunth's compound, in large part due to MacGruber's propensity for ripping throats. Soldiers capture MacGruber and Piper and bring them to Vicki and the missile. The group manages to overpower Cunth and his men and MacGruber handcuffs Cunth to a handrail. MacGruber removes the nuclear component and guidance system before his team escapes as the missile explodes. Six months later, MacGruber and Vicki are getting married. Also present at the wedding as ghosts are his dead team members Vernon Freedom , Tug Phelps , Tut Beemer , and Tanker Lutz ([[Kane . Out of the corner of his eye, MacGruber spots a disfigured Cunth, thought dead, with an RPG. MacGruber saves Vicki, and battles Cunth before throwing him off a cliff behind the altar, shooting him with a machine gun and launching a grenade as he falls, incinerating the corpse, and finally urinating on it at the foot of the cliff. The end credits show MacGruber and Vicki's wedding party, where they eventually have sex on the dance floor. After the credits, MacGruber sits in a tree, playing a saxophone."] ['The 1997 film is set in a United States in which foreign immigration has skyrocketed: The Mayor of Los Angeles speaks only in Spanish, Rhode Island is populated mostly by Chinese-Americans, and Alabama has a congressman from India. Politics is openly reduced to a matter of catering to various ethnic groups for their votes - the Alabama congressman will only support the president if his state receives more money for Hindu temples. When an atomic weapon is used in Pakistan, an international organization makes plans to bring orphans to Idaho. Idaho governor Jim Farley  orders the state\'s National Guard to close its borders, as Idaho has already received more than a million refugees; he acknowledges this even though the Governor himself routinely indulges in Mexican food, Mexican soap operas, and an affair with a Mexican-American reporter . Despite the best efforts of his press secretary Jimmy Cannon , Farley remains largely oblivious to the national crisis he\'s the center of, since Farley is more concerned with rekindling his romance with his mistress rather than dealing with national matters. Meanwhile, the President of the United States  turns out to be an equally ineffectual leader, ruthlessly exploiting immigration to fill districts and states with those most likely to vote for his own party. He will move more Koreans to New York since Koreans are one of his core constituencies. Reputed as indecisive, the President delegates his decision-making entirely to his advisors, most notably his unofficial chief advisor, lobbyist Jack B. Buchan . Buchan, however, is less concerned with the good of the nation, and more concerned with politics, especially how the President\'s actions will play on television . Buchan regularly influences the President\'s decisions by manipulating his desire to emulate previous U.S. presidents, even going so far as to pepper presidential statements with fictitious "quotes" from President Dwight D. Eisenhower. Meanwhile, the NN cable network is reporting the events and influencing them at the same time. News director Mel  attempts to time events to maximize ratings, while his staff becomes polarized over the political issues involved in the conflict between the Governor and the President. Standard fare for the cable network is to show footage of crying immigrant children, which is done with the Pakistani orphans waiting to move to Idaho. As the deadline approaches, the Governor and the President call in, respectively, the Idaho National Guard and the United States Army. Tensions rise when the commanders of both units turn out to be bitter rivals from the Gulf War. Meanwhile, governors from other states send in their own National Guard units to aid one side or the other, causing the conflict to escalate into the national arena. Mexican-American pro-immigrant rioters bomb the Alamo, while anti-immigrants retaliate by bombing the Statue of Liberty because of its plaque, stating that "We no longer want your tired, your poor or your huddled masses." Eventually, the Governor\'s girlfriend convinces him to back down from the conflict and resign, but a series of misunderstandings and mutinies leads to a major battle between anti- and pro-immigrant armed forces at the Idaho border, culminating with the president\'s decision to invade Idaho in what becomes the second American Civil War. At the movie\'s close, news reports indicate that hostilities have ceased, but the immigration issue is unresolved.'] ['The film, like the play, focuses on Rosencrantz and Guildenstern and their actions  within the play of Hamlet. The film begins as they travel on horseback to Elsinore, contemplating fate, memory and language. Rosencrantz finds and continually flips a coin which always comes up heads, causing Guildenstern to conclude that something is wrong with reality. They meet a travelling troupe of tragedians on the way, and during their conversation with the lead Player, they are mysteriously transported into the action of Hamlet at Elsinore. They wander around the castle, trying to catch up to the action and understand what is going on by listening to other parts of the play. They are asked by the Danish royal couple to stay awhile in order to help find out the cause of, and hopefully cure, Prince Hamlet\'s gloomy state. They spend their time outside the scenes in Hamlet trying to figure out what is wrong with the prince and what is required of them. The remainder of the play follows the Shakespearean drama whenever the two characters are "on stage," while the title heroes remain largely occupied with the futile hazards of daily life whenever the "main action" is elsewhere. Soon the very same theatre troupe arrives to play at court, as part of the Bard\'s tragedy. The Player simultaneously forbids them to stop watching their real play on the road, which cannot exist without an audience, and explains some of the plot and logic of conventional rules of plot-staging and -writing. Ultimately, they are sent to England and outside the action of the play again. The final part takes place on the ship to England, where they read the letter they are to deliver with Hamlet – discovering that it is an order for his death. They decide to pretend they never saw it. Hamlet replaces the letter, and  escapes on an attacking pirate ship. Rosencrantz and Guildenstern worry about what they are to do now that Hamlet is gone, unaware that Hamlet has altered the letter so that it calls for their death rather than his own. The Player finishes the action by reading the letter that sentences them to death, and both Rosencrantz and Guildenstern are hanged. The film ends with the tragedians packing up their cart and continuing on their way.'] ['Wyatt Frame is a record executive working for record label MegaRecords. The label, headed by the trendy and scheming Fiona, pumps out pop bands and, through an arrangement with the United States government, get teens to buy their records and follow "a new trend every week" by putting subliminal messages under the music. The Government\'s motive in the scheme is to help build a robust economy from the "wads of cash" teenagers earn from babysitting and minimum wage jobs. When a member of Wyatt\'s wildly successful boy band, Du Jour, uncovers one such message and asks Wyatt about it aboard their private jet, Wyatt parachutes out with the pilot, leaving the plane to crash and apparently killing Du Jour. Wyatt lands just outside the town of Riverdale, and bumps into an unappreciated rock band — the Pussycats, made up of three working class young ladies: vocalist/guitarist Josie McCoy, drummer Melody Valentine, and bassist/backup vocalist Valerie Brown. As the Pussycats are struggling financially, they accept Wyatt\'s offer to a lucrative record deal despite its implausibility. They are flown to New York City where they are renamed "Josie and the Pussycats", much to the girls\' discomfort. All goes well and their first single climbs rapidly to the top of the charts, but Valerie grows increasingly frustrated that all media attention is focused on Josie  rather than the band as a whole. Melody, too simple to notice the undue attention Josie receives, uses her uncanny behavioral perception and becomes suspicious of Fiona and Wyatt. Due to Valerie and Melody\'s suspicions, Fiona orders Wyatt to kill them; he attempts to do so by sending them without Josie on a fake "appearance" on a badly faked set for the MTV show Total Request Live, in which an obviously fake Carson Daly impersonator and the real Carson Daly assault them with baseball bats . Meanwhile, Josie plans to attend a gig at a bar by Alan M, a fellow musician and Josie\'s childhood sweetheart, but Wyatt deceives her by telling her it was canceled. Instead, Josie listens to a new remix of their latest single, and is brainwashed by subliminal messages into desiring a solo career and seeing Valerie and Melody as impediments. After an argument with her bandmates, Josie realizes that the music influenced the fight. Her suspicions are confirmed when she uses a mixing board to make the subliminal track audible, but she is caught by Fiona. MegaRecords have organized a giant pay-per-view concert, whereby they plan to unleash their biggest subliminal message scheme yet. They force Josie to perform on stage by threatening to kill Melody and Valerie. The badly injured members of Du Jour  appear just in time to stop Wyatt and Fiona from completing their scheme. In the resulting fight, Josie destroys the machine used to make the messages. The message for the concert is revealed not to promote the band, the label, or a corporate sponsor, but to make Fiona popular. Fiona suffers a breakdown and reveals that she had been an outcast in high school who spoke with a lisp. Wyatt reveals that his appearance is a disguise — that he went to the same high school as Fiona, but was a persecuted and unpopular albino nicknamed "White-Ass Wally". Fiona and Wyatt fall in love. The government agents  arrive; because the conspiracy is exposed, and the government has decided that movies provide a better channel for subliminal messages , the agents arrest Fiona and Wyatt as scapegoats to cover-up the government\'s involvement in the failed scheme. Josie, Valerie and Melody then proceed to perform the concert, and for the first time their fans are able to judge the band on its merits rather than be subliminally persuaded to like the band. Alan M comes to the concert and confess his love for Josie on stage, and she returns his feelings. The audience roars their approval as the film comes to a close.'] ['{{Plot}} Austin Powers  is still enjoying his honeymoon with his wife—the former Vanessa Kensington . Unfortunately, something goes amiss, and it turns out that she is actually one of Dr. Evil’s kamikaze fembots who attempts to kill Austin after being malfunctioned by Austin\'s T.V. remote, but eventually self-destructs. He grieves briefly, but then proceeds to the lobby naked and celebrates being single again. . Meanwhile NATO’s monitoring facility in Guam observes the return of Dr. Evil  and informs British intelligence. At Dr. Evil’s Seattle headquarters, Dr. Evil is presented with a one-eighth-size clone of himself  whom he calls Mini-Me. Dr. Evil unveils his latest evil plan—he has developed a "time machine" to go back to the sixties and steal Austin’s mojo, a fluid inside his testicles which is the source of Austin\'s incredible sexual prowess and appeal. Dr. Evil and Mini-Me go back to 1969 and meet up with a younger Number Two  and  Frau Farbissina . A disgruntled “Scottish Guard” with unusual eating habits called Fat Bastard  has been hired to extract Austin’s mojo from his frozen body at the Ministry of Defence Cryo Chamber. British intelligence warns Austin that one of Dr Evil’s agents is after him, and during a photo shoot the wanton Ivana Humpalot  seduces him, but at the last moment she admits to her orders and claims he is too sexy for her to go through with killing him. They then proceed to have sex in his bed. Unfortunately they do not get far before he discovers that he has lost his mojo, and is therefore impotent. The MOD learns that Dr. Evil has developed a time machine and sends Austin back to 1969 with its own time travel device, in a convertible Volkswagen New Beetle painted with 1960s LSD-themed colours. Austin arrives back at a party in his London pad and with the assistance of a CIA agent, Felicity Shagwell , escapes another assassination attempt by two of Dr. Evil’s operatives. However, the two of them are chased by Mustafa , yet another of Dr. Evil\'s henchmen, and when caught he reveals the existence of a secret volcano lair , but is prevented from divulging its location because of Mini-Me shooting him in the neck with a dart. After examining photographs from the crime scene at MOD headquarters, Austin identifies Fat Bastard as the perpetrator of the theft of his mojo. At Dr. Evil’s secret volcano lair, Fat Bastard arrives with Austin’s mojo. Dr. Evil drinks some of it and engages in some “private time” with Frau Farbissina. This results in an awkward “sometime after” situation when Frau reveals that she is “late.” However, at the same moment Scott , Dr. Evil\'s son, arrives through the time portal. Dr. Evil announces his latest plan: to hold the United States — and the whole world — ransom by threatening to destroy Washington D.C., and then additional major cities each hour, using a giant "laser" on the moon. In London, Austin and Felicity get to know each other, and when Felicity tries to have sex with Austin, he regretfully turns her down because of his lost mojo. Under MOD instructions to implant a homing device into Fat Bastard, Felicity seduces him, allowing her to plant it in his buttocks. Unfortunately, Fat Bastard forces it out of his bowels into a Paddington Station toilet, but a stool sample  from the scene is analyzed to reveal traces of a rare vegetable that only grows on one Caribbean island. Austin and Felicity arrive on the island, but are immediately apprehended. They are put in a cell with a single guard who is overcome when Felicity shows off her breasts. Dr. Evil and Mini-Me leave for the moon to install the giant laser and are followed by Austin and Felicity, who hitch a ride on Apollo 11. In Dr. Evil’s moon base, Austin battles with Mini-Me, eventually flushing him into space. As Austin confronts Dr. Evil, Dr. Evil gives him a choice: save Felicity or the world. Felicity is locked in a chamber with poison gas. She tells him to save the world and he succeeds in doing so by kicking Frau, diverting it and saving Washington D.C. Unfortunately, Felicity is killed by the poison gas. He chases Dr. Evil and shoots him in the leg. Before Austin kills him however, Dr. Evil tells him he could use the "time machine" to go back in time to save Felicity and the world. Austin does and travels backwards ten minutes and meets up with himself to save both the world and Felicity. Foiled again, Dr. Evil initiates the self-destruction mechanism of the moon base and escapes in his rocket after throwing the bottle of Austin\'s mojo in the air. Both Austins try to catch it but bump into each other and it crashes on the floor, destroying his mojo. However, Felicity points out that all the things he has done show that he never really lost his mojo in the first place. With seconds to spare they escape through the time portal back to 1999. Back at Austin\'s Pad, Fat Bastard makes another attempt to assassinate Austin, but Felicity distracts him by asking him is he happy. After an emotional moment, he is snapped back into reality and Felicity disarms him and kicks him in the "Mommy and Daddy Button". Afterwards, they  have a party. Meanwhile, Dr. Evil recovers Mini-Me from space and once again vows to "get" Austin Powers. Later, on Jerry Springer, Scott learns he was not created in a test tube but is actually the love child of Dr. Evil and Frau Farbissina. During the credits, Austin is seen returning to his pad, only to hear Felicity having sex with another man. When he enters the room, he discovers that it is in fact the past Austin, who makes the claim that since he and Austin are the same person, it\'s not cheating. Austin, of course, forgives Felicity  As he discovers he\'s got his mojo back, both Austins then make their move on Felicity as the clip fades to the credits.'] ['In 1916, the notorious bandit El Guapo  and his gang of thugs are collecting protection money from the small Mexican village of Santo Poco. Carmen , daughter of the village leader, searches for someone who can come to the rescue of her townspeople. While visiting a small village church, she remains to watch a silent film featuring "The Three Amigos" and, believing them to be real heroes, sends a telegram to Hollywood asking them to come and stop El Guapo. However, the telegraph operator edits her message down since she has very little money to pay for it. Meanwhile, Lucky Day , Dusty Bottoms , and Ned Nederlander  are Hollywood silent film actors who portray the heroic Amigos on screen. When they demand a salary increase, studio boss Harry Flugleman  fires them and evicts them from their studio-owned housing. Shortly afterward, they receive Carmen\'s telegram, but misinterpret it as an invitation to make a show appearance with El Guapo. After breaking into the studio to retrieve their costumes, the Amigos head for Mexico. Stopping at a cantina near Santo Poco, they are mistaken for associates of a fast-shooting German pilot , who is also looking for El Guapo and who arrived just before they did. A relieved Carmen picks up the Amigos and takes them to the village, where they are put up in the best house in town and treated very well. The next morning, when three of El Guapo\'s men come to raid the village, the Amigos do a Hollywood-style stunt show that leaves them very confused. The bandits ride off, making everyone think that the Amigos have defeated the enemy. In reality, the men inform El Guapo of what has happened, and he decides to return in force the next day and kill the Amigos. As the German\'s real associates arrive at the cantina, proving themselves just as adept with pistols as he is, the village throws a boisterous celebration for the Amigos and their  victory. The next morning, El Guapo and his gang come to Santo Poco and call out the Amigos, who confess that they have only been acting and are too scared to confront him after Lucky gets shot in the arm. El Guapo allows his men to loot the village and kidnaps Carmen, and the Amigos leave Santo Poco in disgrace. With nothing waiting for them back home, Ned persuades Lucky and Dusty to become real-life heroes and go after El Guapo. Their first attempt to find his hideout fails, but they spot a cargo plane and follow it to him; the plane is flown by the German, who has brought a shipment of rifles for the gang with his associates\' help. Preparations are underway for El Guapo\'s 40th birthday party, and he plans to make Carmen his bride. The Amigos try to sneak into the hideout, with mixed results: Lucky is captured and chained up in a dungeon, Dusty crashes through a window and into Carmen\'s room, and Ned ends up stuck in the piñata. As Lucky frees himself and Dusty sneaks out only to be caught, Ned falls loose and is also captured. The German, having idolized Ned\'s quick-draw and gunspinning pistol skills since childhood, challenges him to a shootout. Ned wins, killing the German, and Lucky holds El Guapo at gunpoint long enough for Carmen and the Amigos to escape{{spaced ndash}}first on horseback, then in the German\'s plane. Returning to Santo Poco with El Guapo\'s entire army in pursuit, they rally the villagers to stand up for themselves and plan a defense. The bandits arrive in the seemingly empty village, only to find themselves suddenly being shot at by Amigos from all sides and falling into hidden water-filled trenches dug by the villagers. Eventually all of El Guapo\'s men either desert him or die in the gunfire, and he takes a fatal wound as well. As he lies dying, the villagers{{spaced ndash}}all armed and wearing replicas of the Amigos\' costumes{{spaced ndash}}step out to confront him. El Guapo congratulates them on this plan, then shoots Lucky in the foot and dies. The villagers offer to give the Amigos all the money they have, but the Amigos refuse it, saying  that seeing justice done is enough of a reward for them. They then ride off into the sunset.'] ["Lionel Powers and Julian Messenger are filthy rich men with dirty family secrets. They play dirty as well, fighting for control over a professional football team in Los Angeles with every weapon at their disposal. While the billionaires scheme and squabble, the married couple Rita and Jerry Pascoe can barely make ends meet. Their marriage becomes strained with Jerry's continuing inability to hold or find a job. While rich people blackmail one another, homeless people look for handouts and Jerry Pascoe is reduced to cleaning stadium restrooms and applying for a job as a peanut vendor. The tabloid-worthy secrets in the lives of Powers' wife Ariel and right-hand man Alan Blanchard lead to dire consequences for all. The marriage of the Pascoes, meanwhile, turns tragi-comically from a terrible climax to fodder for reality TV."] ['Henry Palfrey  arrives at the Yeovil railway station and makes his way to the "School of Lifemanship", run by Stephen Potter . Late for his appointment, he overhears Potter explaining the principles of lifemanship to the new intake: {{quote}} Palfrey is given an object lesson in this when he has his interview with Potter, who proceeds to win a name-calling game. When Palfrey explains that he is a failure, Potter surmises that a woman is involved. In flashback, Palfrey recounts how he first met April Smith , knocking parcels from her hands when he rushes to catch a bus. He manages to arrange a dinner date with her. When Palfrey shows up at work, his loafing employees are unconcerned, despite him being the head of the family firm. They pay much more respect to his senior clerk, Gloatbridge ([[Edward Chapman . In private, Gloatbridge is patronising toward his erstwhile boss, making the business decisions. Palfrey asks him to make a dinner reservation, and has to fend off Gloatbridge\'s unwanted restaurant suggestion. That night at the restaurant, the head waiter  cannot find Palfrey\'s booking at first; he does finally locate it under a slightly different name, but still refuses to seat them, as they are late. When Raymond Delauney , a casual acquaintance of Palfrey\'s, arrives and sees April, he invites them to his table, where he proceeds to try to seduce April and cast Palfrey in a bad light at every opportunity. As Delauney has a fancy sports car, Palfrey tries to counter by purchasing an automobile of his own. However, two salesmen (Dennis Price and [[Peter Jones  sell him a ramshackle 1924 "Swiftmobile". To further his humiliation of his rival, Delauney suggests a "friendly" tennis match. He wins easily. The film then returns to the school. Over the next several weeks, Palfrey proves to be an apt pupil in learning various ploys to gain the upper hand. The next phase of his education involves a field test of his new skills, evaluated by Potter. Palfrey convinces the car salesmen that his car, after some tune-up, is now a valuable and sought-after vehicle. They trade him a sports car and £100 for his Swiftmobile, which promptly breaks down. After putting Gloatbridge in his place, Palfrey challenges Delauney to a rematch. Using some stratagems, he thoroughly frustrates his foe before they even start playing. Then, with April watching, Palfrey proceeds to win the set 6-0. April becomes disgusted with Delauney\'s behaviour afterward and drives off with Palfrey. They go back to his place for a drink. Palfrey arranges for April\'s to spill on her dress. He suggests she take it off to dry and put on his dressing gown. Eventually, they end up in his bedroom through his tricks, but Palfrey cannot bring himself to take advantage of April. Then Delauney barges in, dragging Potter with him. Delauney had found out that Potter was Palfrey\'s guest at the tennis club and got the story out of him. However, after Delauney informs her, April realises that Palfrey genuinely loves her, and they embrace, much to the disgust of both Delauney and Potter. Potter breaks the "fourth wall" and apologises to the audience for his pupil\'s behaviour. The film ends with Delauney getting off the train at Yeovil and heading in the direction of the school.'] ['Lannie  has Annabel  taken into prison in order to generate publicity before the release of her new movie. However, when Annabel is released a month later, she finds that nobody has noticed, and she has Lannie fired. But when he pays a struggling actress to pretend to be his sick mother, Annabel has Lannie rehired, and he immediately begins plotting his next stunt. The head of Wonder Pictures informs Annabel that her film has been canceled, and that she is to star in a new film, The Maid and the Man. Lannie arranges to have her work as "Mary", a maid for the Fletchers, their teenage son Robert , and inventor "Major" . While Robert becomes infatuated with Annabel, she is expected to cook and clean for the family, so she calls on Lannie to help. Meanwhile, the investors interested in one of Major\'s inventions, a rubber ring placed around a plate so that it will bounce rather than break when dropped, appear in the morning newspaper as robbers. They are in fact waiting for their own publicity to die down so that they can make a getaway. Back at Wonder Pictures, The Maid and the Man has been scrapped, but when Lannie calls Annabel to tell her, she answers that she can\'t leave. Though first confused, he finds Annabel\'s police mug shot in the paper along with the robbers, and forms a plan to outfit fifty extras as policemen . As they march towards the house firing blanks, the robbers return fire with real bullets, and the extras scatter. Lannie sneaks into the house alone, but is captured. When the real policemen arrive, the robbers try to make a break for it, using Lannie and Allison as shields. Instead, Annabel uses her martial arts training to throw one of the robbers to the ground, while Lannie bites the other. Annabel returns to Wonder Pictures and is disappointed to find that The Maid and the Man has been replaced by The Diamond Smuggler, in which she is to play the lead. On her way out, Annabel picks up a gift which Lannie had arranged for her to receive, and is apprehended when the police open it to discover the precious jewels inside. Lannie watches on from the front of the new billboard for The Diamond Smuggler as Annabel is driven away screaming.'] ["An all-American family inherits a deceased uncle's house. John  and Mary  together with their daughter Debbie , and son Billy  then move into the house. Waldemar , a vampire figure, and Yolanda ([[Nancy Andrews , his wife, want desperately to get into the run down house because it contains a book of evil. Billy finds the mysterious book Waldemar and Yolanda are after. He opens it and reads of a curse hanging over the date of Saturday the 14th. As he turns the page a monster is unleashed, and with each turn another disappears from the page and is materialized within or outside the home. The house is soon swarming with monsters. Soon strange things start happening: eyes appear in John's coffee, sandwiches are eaten, the television tunes into The Twilight Zone only, dirt is found in Mary's bed, dishes get done by themselves, neighbors disappear. As this is happening, neither John or Mary suspect anything, blaming things on a lack of curtains. Waldemar gets into the house by turning into a bat. Mary keeps hearing noises at night which she thinks are owls, but are the sounds of Waldemar as the bat outside her window. John hires an exterminator to get rid of the owls. The exterminator is actually Van Helsing , who is also after the book of evil in the house. John and Mary begin planning a house warming party on Saturday the 14th. Guests arrive but cannot leave. When they try, a large storm appears outside the door. As the night unfolds the monsters begin to off the guests one by one. Eventually a duel between Van Helsing and the vampire erupts where it is discovered that Van Helsing is after the book in order to rule the world. The vampire Waldemar is actually trying to prevent this from happening. Good wins over evil, as Van Helsing and the monsters are defeated. The family ends up in an upscale all-American looking home while Waldemar and Yolanda keep the original house as their own."] ['At Game 6 of the 1977 World Series, Joe "Coop" Cooper catches Reggie Jackson\'s third home run in the stands and proclaims to his best friend, Doug Remer, that "One day, I\'m gonna be a big sports star." 16 years later, Coop  and Remer  are 23 and unemployed and about to have their gas shut off. They arrive uninvited at a party hosted by a former high school classmate of theirs. After finding out that their classmates have grown up and moved on with their lives, Coop and Remer find themselves outside drinking beer and shooting hoops on the driveway basketball court. There, two other former classmates challenge them to a game. The two see that their opponents are very good at basketball, so they say they will only play a new game they picked up "in the hood". Clearly making this new game up as they go, Coop originally proposes the game Horse, but changes it to basketball with baseball rules: shots made from different locations count as singles, doubles, triples, and home runs, and missed shots count as outs. During the challenger\'s first shot, Coop "psyches" him out to make him miss; this is another rule made up on the spot. A "psyche out" can be anything said or done that makes the offense lose their concentration and miss their shot. Essentially "BASEketball" is a hybrid of "Horse," "Around The World" and a lot of trash talking. Coop and Remer continue playing their new game, "BASEketball", and add a third member to their team, Kenny "Squeak" Scolari . Six months later, people come from miles around to watch them play the game they created against other neighborhood teams. Ted Denslow  shows up to propose creation of the National BASEketball League , with numerous rules in place to prevent the sport from deteriorating as other sports had done: teams cannot switch cities, players cannot be traded, and individuals cannot make money via corporate sponsorship deals. Five years after creation of the league, the NBL is in full swing with stadiums, teams, fans, and a major championship . During the 1997 championship, Denslow, who is the owner of the Milwaukee Beers for whom Coop and Remer both play, chokes on a hot dog and dies. Denslow\'s will grants Coop ownership of the Beers for one year; if they do not win the next Denslow Cup, ownership reverts to Denslow\'s widow Yvette . The owner of the Dallas Felons, Baxter Cain , wants to change the league rules to allow teams to move cities and players to switch teams, but could not accomplish this while Denslow was alive. Yvette would have been willing to comply had she been given ownership of the team, but Coop refuses to accept any of the proposed changes. Cain and Yvette work together to make sure the Beers will lose the next Denslow Cup and Yvette will win ownership of the team. In a private conversation at Cain\'s office, Cain tells Remer that Coop has said no to Cain\'s plans without talking to the other members of the Beers. Remer then goes to the Beers behind Coop\'s back and tells the team what he learned from Cain. After Remer and the other members of the Beers confront him, Coop agrees to split all decision making with Remer and the team. The team continues to agree that the rules should not be changed. Coop also seemingly enters into a relationship with Jenna, despite Remer\'s attempts to get between them. Cain cuts the funds to Jenna\'s foundation, forcing Coop and Remer to ask Cain for help. Cain suggests creating a clothing line and sending the proceeds to her foundation. Coop is entirely against it, but Remer, as part team owner, immediately agrees, and becomes so obsessed with his newfound fame that he alienates Coop. After they win the league semifinals, Cain informs Coop and Remer through photos that their clothing line has been produced through child labor in Calcutta. If the public learns about it, the team and Jenna\'s foundation will be ruined. Cain threatens to show the photos to the public unless Coop and Remer lose or skip the Denslow Cup game. Jenna learns about the child labor scandal and breaks it off with Coop. Coop blames Remer for the mess and they have a falling out, and Coop decides to go to Calcutta to resolve the situation. Coop replaces all the child workers in the factory with adult workers and makes it back just as the fifth annual Denslow Cup begins. The Beers start with an abysmal performance, failing to make one hit in six innings. At the seventh-inning stretch, the Beers are down 16&ndash;0. After a moving speech from Squeak, Coop and Remer reconcile their differences and Yvette breaks off her alliance with Cain. Coop, Remer, and Squeak finally get back into the game and start scoring. In the bottom of the ninth, Remer is on second, Squeak is on third, and Coop is up when his custom-made BASEketball  pops. Joey brings Coop a new custom-made BASEketball made from a Barcalounger. Coop misses, but successfully completes the conversion, which is considered a home run for the win and the Denslow Cup. He meets Reggie Jackson after the game, who wishes him luck in the next season. Coop and Jenna reunite while Remer hooks up with Yvette, as the team happily carries Squeak on the Denslow Cup.'] ['Three filmmakers go into the woods to film a movie. They were never found. This is their surviving videotape.http://www.oentertainment.com/InsaneO/Thumbs/blairthumb/index.html Stressy, a college student, has put an ad in the newspaper for some student filmmakers to help her go into the woods to shoot a documentary about the Blair Thumb. They then drive around town to interview people about the Blair Thumb. The first woman they interview tells them that she believes in the Blair Thumb to be a spirit that haunts the woods, and that she wouldn\'t be caught dead in the woods. Then she\'s shows her baby to them, who is possessed by Satan. The next person is a man who says kids have been disappearing in the woods, comparing the disappearances to the magic acts of David Copperfield. The next person they interview is an unhelpful pirate. Then they move on to interviewing the famous one-eyed thumb, who says "ee-hoo!" The next person they interviews is a local fisherman that says part of the Legend of the Blair Thumb: "There are these twins, the Briarly twins, I think they\'re twins. \'Twins should look alike.\' They went into the woods, been there hundreds of times, but this time they got lost. Couldn\'t find their way. Then they saw this woman...she was up in the air, floatin\'. She took their heads, switched them, like it was a sick game. Then she took their bodies, she switched them too. They came out looking zacly\' the same, but we all knew, they\'ve been all switched up." With enough information to go into the woods, Jish makes a pit stop to get some food. A gigantic marshmallow in his case. Now in the woods, Vic and Jish are shown taking a piss. Stressy cries, "What are you doing?" Vic says, "You told us to." Stressy replies, "No, I didn\'t, I said "kiss" before the first shot we kiss the slate!" Jish starts laughing. Vic replies, "Sorry, ok? I heard you wrong. Kiss, what\'s the difference?" Vic looks at the slate covered in piss. Stressy makes a video about a graveyard, wondering how the bodies got under the grave stones and what "freakish creature" carved and engraved them. They finally arrive at the woods. After walking a little ways, Vic and Jish start freaking out because Stressy doesn\'t have a real map. After calming them down, Stressy moves onward. Once they are at Hangnail Rock, Stressy tells the next part of the Legend of the Blair Thumb: "The search party went into the woods, in search of the five lost victims. Upon reaching Hangnail Rock, the torture inflicted on these brave men unfolded. Each was bound to each other, positioned one behind the next. Each man\'s hand was in the next man\'s pants. The men promptly turned and asked the search party to leave, and mind their own business. Hours later the men were found, decapitated, and very tired. The search party left to find a sheriff, but upon return the bodies were gone. All that was found, was a Streisand CD, and a mini-disk single of "It\'s Rainin\' Men." That night, the three hear weird noises, and they are chased by a shark. The shark tries to bite off Stressy\'s arm, and then moves over and attacks Vic. The next day, while they are walking, Jish notices that he has a weird substance on his stuff. Vic claims that Jish has been singled out and that he\'s glad it\'s not him. Further on, chaos ensues when it becomes apparent that Stressy has lost her fake map. Soon, they begin to think that they\'re going in circles. Then they discover that someone took Stressy\'s car. Soon after, they see the Blair Thumb\'s symbol made from a giant stick. Everything instantly becomes dark. That night, in the tent, Jish plays a prank on Stressy and Vic by shaking a bush. He explains that there were sticks in the trees, some kids ripped off their car went for a joy ride and says there is no Blair Thumb. However after this he is kidnapped by something and Vic and Stressy chase after him. In the dark Vic and Stressy stand still and quiet hoping not to get kidnapped and Vic feels up Stressy. The next day, Stressy and Vic find Jish\'s body. He has been cut in half; only his legs and groin area remain. That night, Stressy makes a video notice of her. Crying she says she\'s scared and apologizes to Vic\'s mom because he\'s scared, freaked out, and to Jish\'s mom, because he\'s "dismembered and everything". She says she loves her parents and Ricky Martin and says she\'s scared to close and open her eyes, squint and cross them. Then, Stressy and Vic hear Jish\'s voice and head after it. They pass by a sign that says "Dead House --->" without a second thought. They enter the house and Jish\'s voice says he\'s upstairs, so they head upstairs. Once they\'re upstairs, Jish\'s voice says he\'s downstairs. The two get separated on the way down. As Vic says something he gargles like something had killed him. Stressy screams and heads down the stairs still screaming. Then, Vic says, "Jeez, can\'t a guy even take a leak?" Frankenthumb then appears, and the two mistake him for the Blair Thumb. They ask if they can go, and he replies, "No, I kill. We party first?" They agree and a disco ball comes down. They dance. Jish\'s torso shows up, then the credits begin.'] ['The film opens with an animated segment, mostly with animal arguments. The live portion begins when George  and his son Junior  ride in on Shep. When the narrator (voiced by [[Keith Scott  shows a surprise reaction of the actor playing George, the "new George" states that the studio is "too cheap to pay Brendan Fraser." George is currently in a situation where he isn\'t able to keep track of whether to help the animals, and to be with Ursula  and Junior. George also wants to teach Jr. how to vine swing, but Jr. prefers vine surfing. George wanting to spend some time with Ursula doesn\'t impress some the animals including the Mean Lion , who wants the throne for himself. Meanwhile, Ursula\'s mother, Beatrice Stanhope , and three of the Swahilian explorers from the previous film arrive for Junior\'s birthday. George gives his son a spear, while Beatrice has bought lots of expensive items, to coax Ursula and her son to come back to San Francisco. Secretly, Beatrice is in a plot with Lyle Van De Groot  to steal the deed to Ape Mountain, in order to get Ursula as his wife. Their guess is that George\'s brother, Ape , who is gambling in Las Vegas, has the deed to Ape Mountain, so Lyle cheats in a game of poker, making Ape lose. Discovering Ape doesn\'t own the deed to the mountain, but George does, he makes Ape work off his debts from the gambling by working in his theatre for the next 17 years. Beatrice tries to convince George to let Ursula and Junior go back to the US, but he goes with them to see Ape in Las Vegas, leaving the Mean Lion to have the advantage to take over the jungle as the new king. Lyle and his agents, Sally  and Kowalski , break into George\'s room. They go through George\'s underwear, which they find more than they anticipated. They almost give up but eventually they find the deed as Sally and Kowalski grin with delight. After several failed attempts by her mother and friends  to convince Ursula to leave George and go back to San Francisco, they get a hypnotist to hypnotise her into forgetting George and thinking Lyle is her husband. As Lyle has the deed, he orders bulldozers to destroy the jungle. George, Ape, and Rocky the kangaroo attempt to find Ursula and Junior and take them back to the jungle. As Ape, George and Rocky try and escape to the Jungle. They encounter Sally and Kowalski who have come to capture them. The women attempt to capture them, holding them at gun point. After Ape throws a suitcase at them disarming the women they chase after them. Despite almost capturing George, an attendant stops the women by holding them down briefly and they are unsuccessful in capturing George and Ape. They get away from the rather attractive two. After another chase involving animal patrol and the police happens on the roof, Lyle\'s women are searching an old granny instead of cranny, when they realise they make a run for it. George finds Ursula, who doesn\'t recognize him due to the hypnotism. Junior and the others head back to the jungle . Lyle has sent his agents over already to destroy the jungle including his attractive but evil women. After getting Shep to take them back to the treehouse, they find out that the Mean Lion has taken over, so George defeats him easily with something he learned when he was younger, pinching Lion\'s ear, which knocks him out. When George discovers the bulldozers heading through the jungle, he and the others fight by methods of catapulting coconuts and elephant poo  from palm trees, and igniting them by lighting gorilla farts. The final bulldozer is guarded by Sally and Kowalski, so coconuts aren\'t thrown at them as they can\'t hit women. The bulldozer is heading towards the treehouse, where Ursula is currently unconscious in a hammock. After George manages to climb on the bulldozer, he tries to reason with Sally but fails. As she punches him leaving him dangling on the side of the bulldozer, Kowalski jumps over to try and help defeat George. This would prove to be a great mistake. As George\'s head comes in to contact with several trees and Sally and Kowalski grin with delight seeing their foe suffer. But George doesn\'t give up easily and continues to distract the women so Rocky can get in the bulldozer, and get rid of the driver. After Kowalski literally kicks George off, they think they have won. As they turrn in to the bulldozer they see Rocky, he then kicks the two women in the jaw which sends them flying across the jungle, screaming for their lives. After they come crashing down in an open bit of land, Rocky jumps along as the women get up to face him. Rocky has to think promptly as to how to stop the two women. With the women confused he jumps on their shoulders five times each. Smacking them into the hard ground they groan and squeal before Rocky leaves the poor women buried up to their breasts, in mud unable to escape. None of Lyle\'s accomplices are heard or seen again. Pressumably dead or knocked out. Afterwards, Junior swings into the bulldozer and shuts it down before it hits the treehouse. Lyle and Beatrice arrive and tell George that they won\'t destroy the jungle and will give back the deed if he hands over Ursula and Junior, but George, after convincing from Ape, picks Lyle up and hangs him from a tree branch by his underwear. George kisses Ursula, thus breaking the hypnotic spell. Lyle, angered by his defeat, insults the narrator, who responds by pulling his giant hand from the sky, grabbing Lyle and carrying him off to the sky. After Ursula\'s friends are snapped out of their hypnosis, George and Ursula get married again. George tells them from 9 til 5, he belongs to the animals, and from 5 til 9, he belongs to Junior, but at all times, he belongs to Ursula. The film ends with George vine surfing and Junior swinging back to the treehouse for lunch, before George crashes into the side of the treehouse when swinging.'] ['After battling his way through El Salvador, the Middle East and Nicaragua, Traxx decides to retire to a life of baking gourmet cookies. When he finds himself in need of money, Traxx decides to hire himself out as the "Town Tamer" and begins cleaning up Hadleyville, Texas of its lowlife street scum. However, things do not go as smoothly as he would have hoped. Crime boss Aldo Palucci brings in the dreaded Guzik brothers to get rid of Traxx in a showdown in the streets.'] ['Trudy Kockenlocker  is a small-town girl with a soft spot for soldiers. She wakes up one morning after a wild farewell party for a group of them to find that while drunk the night before, she married a soldier whose name she can\'t remember, except that "it had a z in it. Like Ratzkiwatzki [...] or was it Zitzkiwitzki?" She believes they both used fake names and she doesn\'t know how to get in touch with him or even what he looks like. The matter is complicated when she learns that she became pregnant that night as well. Norval Jones , a local 4-F boy who has been in love with Trudy for years, steps in to help out, but Trudy\'s over-protective father , a policeman, gets involved and complicates matters. Before long, Norval is arrested on 19 different charges, and then he finds himself on the run as an escaped prisoner. All seems lost until Trudy gives birth to sextuplets. At that point Governor McGinty  and The Boss  step in and provide a phone call which results in a happy ending for everyone.Meek, James Plot summary<ref nameavg&sql83564&category=Full%20Synopsis Full synopsis] When Norval discovers that Trudy has borne not just one son but six, he faints, and the movie ends with this epilogue on a title card:{{quotation}}'] ['Christopher Jones stars as rock singer and aspiring revolutionary Max Frost . Frost\'s band The Troopers live together with him, their women, and others in a sprawling Los Angeles mansion. The band includes his 15-year-old genius attorney Billy Cage ([[Kevin Coughlin  on lead guitar, ex-child actor/girlfriend Sally LeRoy  on keyboards, hook-handed Abraham Salteen  on bass guitar and trumpet, and anthropologist Stanley X  on drums. When Max is asked to sing at a televised political rally by Kennedyesque Senate candidate Johnny Fergus , who\'s running on a platform to lower the voting age from 21 to 18 , he and the Troopers appear &mdash; but Max stuns everyone by calling instead for the voting age to become 14, then finishes the show with an improvised song, "Fourteen Or Fight!", and a call for a demonstration. Max\'s fans  stir to action, and within 24 hours protests have begun in cities around the United States. Fergus\' advisors want him to denounce Max, but instead he agrees to support the demonstrations, and change his campaign &mdash; if Max and his group will compromise, accept a voting age of 15 instead, abide by the law, and appeal to the demonstrators to go home peaceably. Max agrees, and the two appear together on television, and in person the next day using the less offensive mantra "Fifteen and Ready". Most states agree to lower the voting age within days, in the wake of the demonstrations, and Max Frost and the Troopers campaign for Johnny Fergus until the election, which he wins by a landslide. Taking his place in the Senate, Fergus wishes Frost and his people would now just go away, but instead they get involved with Washington politics. When a Congressman from Sally LeRoy\'s home district dies suddenly, the band enters her in the special election that follows, and Sally  is voted into Congress by the new teen bloc. The first bill Sally introduces is a Constitutional amendment to lower the age requirements for national political office &mdash; to 14, and "Fourteen Or Fight!" enters a new phase. A joint session of Congress is called, and the Troopers  swing the vote their way by spiking the Washington water supply with LSD, and providing all the Senators and Representatives with teenaged guides. As teens either take over or threaten the reins of government, the Old Guard  turn to Max to run for President, and assert his  control over the changing tide. Max again agrees, running as a Republican to his chagrin, but once in office, he turns the tide on his older supporters. Thirty becomes a mandatory retirement age, while those over 35 are rounded up, sent to "re-education camps", and permanently dosed on LSD. Fergus unsuccessfully attempts to dissuade Max by contacting his estranged parents , then tries to assassinate him. Failing at this, he flees Washington with his remaining family, but they are soon rounded up. With youth now in control of the United States, politically as well as economically, and similar revolutions breaking out in all the world\'s major countries, Max withdraws the military from around the world , puts computers and prodigies in charge of the Gross National Product, ships surplus grain for free to third world nations, disbands the FBI and Secret Service, and becomes the leader of "the most truly hedonistic society the world has ever known". The final moments of the film indicate, however, that Max and his cohorts may face future intergenerational warfare from an unexpected source.'] ["Spoofing the classic Beau Geste and a number of other desert motion pictures, the film's plotline revolves around the heroic Beau Geste and his brother Digby's misadventures in the French Foreign legion out in the Sahara Desert, and the disappearance of the family sapphire, sought after by their money-hungry stepmother.  The cast features Ann-Margret as the brothers' adoptive mother, Peter Ustinov as the brutal Sergeant Markov and Sinéad Cusack as sister Isabel Geste, with Spike Milligan , Burt Kwouk , James Earl Jones , Avery Schreiber , Terry-Thomas , Trevor Howard , Henry Gibson , Roy Kinnear  and Ed McMahon  in supporting roles. The film was shot on location in Madrid, Spain and in Ireland at Ardmore Studios in Bray and on location at Kilmainham Gaol in Dublin and Adare Manor near Limerick."] ['The infamous vampire Count Dracula is expelled from his castle by the Communist government of Romania, which plans to convert the structure into a training facility for gymnasts . The world-weary Count travels to New York City with his bug-eating assistant Renfield and establishes himself in a hotel, but only after a mix-up at the airport causes his coffin to be accidentally sent to be the centerpiece in a funeral at a black church in Harlem. While Dracula learns that America contains such wonders as blood banks, he also proceeds to suffer the general ego-crushing that comes from modern life in the Big Apple as he romantically pursues flaky fashion model Cindy Sondheim, whom he has admired from afar and believes to be the current reincarnation of his true love . Dracula is ineptly pursued in turn by Sondheim\'s psychiatrist and quasi-boyfriend Jeffrey Rosenberg. Jeffrey is the grandson of Dracula\'s old nemesis Fritz  van Helsing but changed his name to Rosenberg "for professional reasons". Rosenberg\'s numerous methods to combat Dracula - mirrors, garlic, a Star of David , and hypnosis - are easily averted by the Count. Rosenberg also tries burning Dracula\'s coffin with the vampire still inside, but is arrested by hotel security. Subsequently he tries to shoot him with three silver bullets, but Dracula remains unscathed, patiently explaining that this works only on werewolves. Rosenberg\'s increasingly erratic actions eventually cause him to be locked up as a lunatic, but as mysterious cases of blood-bank robberies and vampiric attacks begin to spread, NYPD Lieutenant Ferguson starts to believe the psychiatrist\'s claims and gets him released. In the end, as a major blackout hits the city, Dracula flees via taxi cab back to the airport with Cindy, pursued by Rosenberg and Ferguson. The coffin is accidentally sent to Jamaica instead of London and the couple miss their plane. On the runway, Cindy finally agrees to become Dracula\'s vampire bride. Rosenberg attempts to stake Dracula, but as he moves in for the kill, the two fly off as bats together. A check drops down by which Cindy pays off her  psychiatry bill to Rosenberg, to which he remarks: "She has become a responsible person ... or whatever." Rosenberg keeps Dracula\'s cape - the only thing his stake had hit - which Ferguson borrows, hoping  it will help him on his wedding anniversary. The last scene shows Dracula and Cindy, transformed into bats, on their way to Jamaica.'] ["A humanoid alien  lands on Earth and soon discovers he likes to eat Italian people. Detective McSorely  is an incompetent police officer, and the only one who knows what's going on. The rest of the police force thinks McSorely has gone nuts, while the alien continues eating the Italian population of New York City."] ['The film starts where L\'armata Brancaleone has ended. Brancaleone da Norcia  is a poor but proud Middle Ages knight leading his bizarre and ragtag army of underdogs. However, he loses all his "warriors" in a battle and therefore meets Death\'s personification . Having obtained more time to live, he forms a new tattered band. When Brancaleone saves an infant of royal blood, they set on to the Holy Sepulchre to bring him back to his father, Bohemund of Taranto , who is fighting in the Crusades. As in the first film, in his quest he lives a series of grotesque episodes, each a hilarious parody of Middle Ages stereotypes. These include: the saving of a young witch  from the stake, the annexion of a leper to the band, and a meeting with Gregory VII, in which Brancaleone has to solve the dispute between the pope and the antipope Clement III. On reaching Palestine, Brancaleone obtains the title of baron from the child\'s father. He is therefore chosen as a champion in a tournament to solve the dispute between the Christians and the Saracens in the siege of Jerusalem. The award for the winner is the former leper, who is in fact revealed to be a beautiful princess, Berta, who adopted the disguise to travel to the Holy Land in relative safety. After having nearly defeated all the Moor warriors, Brancaleone is however defeated by a spell cast on him by the witch, who, having fallen in love with him, could not stand seeing him married with the princess. He therefore starts to wander in despair through the desert, and again Death comes to claim her credit: Brancaleone, brooding and world weary as he is has no qualms about dying but asks to be allowed to die in "knightly" fashion, in a duel with the Grim Reaper itself. Death agrees and the confrontation begins...after a fierce exchange of blows Brancaleone is about to be cleft by Death\'s scythe but is ultimately saved by the witch, who gives her life for the man she loved.'] ["In the film, Weng stars as Agent 00, who is sent to stop the drug trade and its mysterious warlord Mr. Giant.  He befriends a woman who, still in the grip of the organization, works as a mole for him. This leads to many battles between 00 and the villain's henchmen. The plot shifts to Mr. Giant's true goal: using the N-Bomb. Created by Dr. Kohler, it is a weapon that does something that is never really explained. Always the company man, Agent 00 takes this story swing in stride and continues to fight the villains. One part early on has him sneaking up on people throughout, which is easy given that he exists just below most people's peripheral vision. Another has him taking on Samurai and with a conveniently-scaled katana sword."] ["In the 1960s, Alan Quimp is a schoolteacher of English grammar and married with the very demanding woman Daisy Quimp. In order to avoid the constant mockery in Daisy's family, Alan says that he is a secret CIA agent. Daisy tells everybody, the CIA acknowledges the lie, but due to a coincidence, Alan has just helped and hidden the professional Russian dancer Petrov who wanted to leave Russia. The CIA decides to hire Alan as an agent, to get the credits of bringing Petrov to USA, and immediately decides to send him to a very calm place, Cuba."] ["Comedic style1995 revival The relative success of the film prompted the development of a short-lived 1995 weekly series on FOX, also titled Get Smart, with Don Adams and Barbara Feldon reprising their characters as their bumbling son, Zach , becomes CONTROL's star agent.  The show also starred Elaine Hendrix as Zach's sexy partner, Agent 66, and Heather Morgan as Max's secretary, Trudy, who is convinced she works for a talent agent."] ['The plot follows Albert Brooks, a Jewish-American comedian, sent by the United States government into India and Pakistan to find out "what makes Muslims laugh." References are made to Brooks\'s earlier films, including Finding Nemo, Lost In America and Defending Your Life along with his earlier stand-up comedy material. Upon reaching India, Brooks begins interviewing Indians and gathering material for the 500-page essay expected of him from the government. He is aided by two agents  and an Indian woman named Maya, played by Sheetal Sheth, who was hired as his assistant. Brooks\' interviews and a failed stand-up performance begin to attract the attention of the Indian government, who fear he is a spy of some sort. When Brooks, unable to get a visa, illegally enters Pakistan for four hours to interview several fledgling Pakistani comedians, the Indian government becomes even more paranoid, increasing border control. This action causes alarm to Pakistan, who responds with security measures of their own. As tension between the countries grows, the American government orders Brooks to leave the country and return to America. It is later said that the tension between Pakistan and India is resolved after they learn that everything was Brooks\'s fault. It is also revealed that Maya sent what was written of the report to Washington, but it received no recognition.'] ['Opening at a Los Angeles party around Christmas, self-aware narrator Harry Lockhart  recounts the events of the film. When fleeing a botched robbery with his friend, Harry\'s friend is killed, forcing Harry to evade the police by ducking into an audition; when the script mirrors his friend\'s death, Harry impresses the producers with an outburst they mistake for method acting. Attending the intro Hollywood party before a screen test, Harry is introduced to private investigator "Gay" Perry van Shrike , who is enlisted to help Harry prepare for his acting role, and later re-encounters his childhood crush and friend Harmony Lane ; due to Harmony\'s younger sister Jenna being subject to sexual abuse, Harmony left for L.A. to become an actress and to support her sister. Concurrently, Harry also meets party host Harlan Dexter , a retired actor and millionaire who recently resolved a ten year feud over his wife\'s inheritance with his daughter, Veronica. While investigating the next day, Perry and Harry witness a vehicle and body being dumped in a lake, and are spotted by the killers; as Perry accidentally shot the corpse, they are prevented from calling the police. Returning to his hotel, Harry receives a call stating Harmony committed suicide; Harmony then appears and reveals she was mistaken for her sister, Jenna, who arrived in L.A. and stole Harmony\'s credit cards, only to then kill herself. Believing Harry to be a detective, Harmony then asks him to investigate Jenna\'s death as she thinks she was murdered. After Harmony leaves, Harry discovers the lake corpse in his bathroom, as well as a planted pistol; after he and Perry dump the corpse, it is found and identified as Veronica Dexter, whom the pair saw at the party. Perry demands Harry leave L.A. due to the lake killers identifying and framing him. However, Harry discovers Perry was hired to investigate the lake by Harmony\'s late sister, linking the cases. Attending a party where Harmony is working, the trio discover Harmony told her sister a fictional character  was her real father, prompting Jenna to come to L.A.. When Perry leaves to a stakeout for another case, Harry is threatened and beaten by the lake killers, Mr. Frying Pan  and Mustard . When taking Harry to the hospital, Harmony realizes the lake killers are heading to Perry\'s stakeout, prompting her to rescue him; when Harry is left passed out in Harmony\'s car, a Pink-Haired Girl , who is affiliated with the killers, unknowingly takes Harry to her safehouse; when Harry witnesses Mustard murdering her, Harry shoots and kills Mustard out of anger. After Harmony then disappears following a lead, Harry and Perry investigate a private health clinic owned by Harlan Dexter; Perry then realizes that Veronica Dexter was incarcerated there by Harlan so an impostor could drop her court case, before Harlan killed his daughter and crashed the body into the lake after gaining his wife\'s inheritance. After Harry and Perry are then captured, Dexter reveals he now plans to cremate his real daughter\'s corpse to remove any remaining evidence, only for Harmony to steal the van containing the coffin. Harry and Perry escape, but Harmony crashes the van, leaving Veronica\'s body hanging off an overpass. After Harmony flees and is concussed by a fall, a shootout commences that leaves Harry and Perry shot. When Harry tries to save Harmony, he falls over the overpass, grabbing onto Veronica\'s corpse; after narrowly shooting Dexter and his thugs, Harry finds Harmony, then collapses from his wounds. Awaking in the hospital, Harry finds that Perry and Harmony are fine, and the former reveals Harmony\'s sister was not murdered, but committed suicide. After Jenna escaped parental incest in Indiana, she located Dexter believing him to be her real father, only to find him having sex with Veronica\'s impostor, who was the Pink-Haired Girl; since she looked like Veronica Dexter at the time, Jenna believed Dexter to be incestuous like her real father, and, after hiring Perry to investigate, committed suicide. The film contains an epilogue where Perry confronts Harmony and Jenna\'s father, before the film closes with present-day Harry giving a monologue on how he now works for Perry.'] ['The special begins with adult versions of Timmy Turner\'s closest friends Chester and AJ battling against the dictatorship of Vicky, who has tyrannically overtaken the future as empress reigning over a bleak and melancholy society in an attempt to guard a magical television remote for her. However, the remote is snatched by a mysterious and trusted masked accomplice of Vicky, who uses its abilities to travel back in time. In present-day Dimmsdale, controversies are brewed over the supreme amount of violence in a popular new anime television series "Maho Mushi" which has acquired popularity amongst children in town, who start to emulate the more violent elements contained within the series. However, with the help of his fairies\' magic, Timmy conjures up a gigantic spacecraft that was seen in an episode of the program and inadvertently winds up destroying his father\'s newly-cleaned office and a glass house that his mother had been attempting to sell, ruining both parents\' chances of achieving respective goals. Timmy\'s television privileges are removed after his parents connect the similarities of his behavior to elements from "Maho Mushi", so Timmy requests a magical television remote capable of teleporting him into the fictional universes in which his favorite series are set. However, Timmy winds up catastrophically sabotaging the Turner household with a weapon he\'d obtained from characters from an animated television program he visited, so Vicky is hired to babysit him while his parents leave to purchase ammunition so they may use the device to destroy the Dinkleberg residence. After having had the other remote confiscated, Timmy wishes for a new one, this time so he may run away from home and the inevitability of him one day maturing and having his fairy godparents leave him manditorily and leaves; under the watchful eye of Vicky\'s mysterious accomplice. Meanwhile, Vicky winds up stumbling upon the other remote and discovers its abilities after it somehow transports her into a game show. She decides to use the magic of the device to teleport herself to "Dictator Week" on the "Biographical Channel" so she may alter history and conquer society. In the meantime, Timmy enjoys his pursuit of searching for a television universe in which he may live; however, he is infuriated by the suspicious stranger who keeps pursuing him on his travels. Suspecting him a threat, Timmy winds up encountering the masked man up close after journeying into a parody of "Batman" who reveals himself to be an adult version of Timmy. He reveals about the bleak upcoming future and cautions his younger self about the hazards of the remotes, and that he credits Vicky\'s power with the alterations she tweaked to Dictator Week. After learning that Vicky also has gained possession of a magic remote control, the group plots to travel to Maho Mushi to defeat her. As the two opposing sides travel through a variety of parodies, the Turners leave in search of their missing son to no avail. After encountering a mysterious personality known as "Deep Toot" , she reveals Vicky\'s façade and her true behavior. Realizing they were wrong, the Turners leave in search of Timmy, who gradually begins to miss his family. Shortly before their arrival in Maho Mushi, Timmy\'s future self is annihilated, leaving it up to Timmy to save the fate of the universe. Vicky and Timmy battle against each other in an arena using the powers granted to them by their respective remotes, and Timmy successfully manages to conquer Vicky after nearly losing Cosmo and Wanda. Shortly after departing from the Maho Mushi universe, a televised message from Timmy\'s heartbroken parents appears, leading their son to decide to return home, to the joy of Mr. and Mrs. Turner, who choose to fire Vicky. However, Timmy uses the fairy godparents\' magic to destroy their memories, realizing that Vicky\'s cruelty supplies him with the primary reason for his possession of fairies, and buries a time capsule filled with memories and a photograph of Cosmo and Wanda so he will never forget. In the future, the time capsule is uncovered by Timmy\'s future children, Tammy and Tommy, albeit their father now has no memory of his fairy godparents. He leaves his children under the care of a robotic, torturous babysitter resembling Vicky, oblivious to the true intentions of the evil robot, as it is revealed that Cosmo and Wanda now serve as Tommy and Tammy\'s fairies.'] ['A group of teenage girls must spend the night in an old house in order to receive a minor amount of money. On the night of their arrival, a strange man arrives at the house, delivering an old book. Once he is gone, the girls examine the book, where they find a sketch of a wolf-like monster. As time passes, the drawing emerges from the book and becomes a Toon. Whilst its intention is to purge the house of its occupants, it also displays licentious behaviour, seemingly trying to sexually abuse the girls whilst performing its task. At one point, after attacking one of the girls, it possesses her; this plot device ostensibly being for purpose of replacing an expensive special effect  with cheaper make-up effects.Grauen II > Moviemania > Evil Toons'] ['Nick Naylor is a handsome, smooth-talking tobacco lobbyist and the vice-president of a tobacco lobby called the "Academy of Tobacco Studies", which for 15 years has been "researching" the link between tobacco smoking and lung cancer. They claim that their research&mdash;funded primarily by tobacco companies&mdash;has found no definitive evidence of any linkage. Naylor\'s job consists mainly of reporting the questionable research of the "Academy" to the public and defending Big Tobacco on television programs by questioning opposing health claims and advocating personal choice. Naylor and his friends, firearm lobbyist Bobby Jay Bliss and alcohol lobbyist Polly Bailey, meet every week and jokingly call themselves the "Merchants of Death" or "The MOD Squad". As anti-tobacco campaigns mount and numbers of young smokers decline, Naylor suggests that product placement of cigarettes could once again boost cigarette sales. Naylor\'s boss, BR, sends Naylor to Los Angeles to bargain for cigarette placement in upcoming movies. Naylor takes along his young son Joey in hopes of bonding with him. Throughout their trip, Naylor teaches Joey about the beauty of argument. Naylor is also sent to bribe Lorne Lutch, the cancer-stricken man who once played the Marlboro Man in cigarette ads and is now campaigning against cigarettes. Naylor offers Lutch a suitcase of money for his silence. When Lutch refuses, Naylor suggests he should publicly announce the bribe and say that he\'s using the money to start a charity for cancer victims&mdash;but adds that in that case he can\'t use any of it to help his own family, because he will seem like a hypocrite. Naylor\'s argument convinces Lutch to take the hush money for his family. Senator Finistirre, one of Naylor\'s most vehement critics, is the promoter of a bill to add a skull and crossbones POISON warning to cigarette packaging. During a televised debate with Finistirre, Naylor receives a death threat from a caller. Despite the threat, Naylor still plans to appear before a U.S. Senate committee to fight Finistirre\'s bill. Naylor is then kidnapped and covered in nicotine patches. Awakening in a hospital, he learns that the very high nicotine tolerance level resulting from his smoking has saved him from death by nicotine poisoning, but now he is hypersensitive to nicotine and can never smoke again. Meanwhile, Naylor has been seduced by a young reporter named Heather Holloway. During their steamy fling, the besotted Naylor tells Holloway all about his life and career&mdash;information that she happily publishes in an exposé that appears just after the kidnapping. Her article relentlessly bashes Naylor and his work, exposing Lutch\'s bribe, the product-placement scheme, and the MOD squad as well. It accuses Naylor of training his son Joey to follow his amoral example. All public sympathy due to Naylor\'s kidnapping evaporates, and Naylor is fired by BR. Naylor falls into depression until Joey helps him recall the integrity in his job of defending corporations that almost no one feels deserve a defense. Rejuvenated, Naylor tells the press about his affair with Holloway and promises to clear the names of everyone mentioned in her article. He also declares that he will still appear before the Senate committee. At the hearing, Naylor admits to the dangers of smoking but argues that public awareness is already high enough without extra warnings. He emphasizes consumer choice and responsibility and, to the dismay of Senator Finistirre, claims that if tobacco companies are guilty of tobacco-related deaths, then perhaps Finistirre\'s state of Vermont, as a major cheese producer, is likewise guilty of cholesterol-related deaths. At one point, Finistirre asks Naylor if he would condone his son smoking cigarettes after he turns 18. Naylor hesitates, then responds, "If he really wants to smoke, I\'ll buy him his first pack." After being impressed by Naylor\'s speech, which results in a vote against Finistirre\'s bill, BR offers Naylor his job back, but Naylor publicly refuses to work for his backstabbing boss. Holloway, publicly humiliated by Naylor\'s confession of their affair, is reduced to working as a local weather girl. Soon afterwards, Big Tobacco settles claims of liability for smoking-related deaths at a huge cost, the "Academy" is dismantled, and Senator Finistirre begins working to have cigarettes digitally removed from classic films. The MOD Squad still meets weekly, now with the addition of lobbyists for fast food, hazardous waste, and oil drilling. In the footsteps of his father, Joey wins a school debate using lessons his father taught him. Naylor opens a private lobbying firm, in which we see him continuing on the same path, guiding a trio from the cellphone industry concerned about claims that cellphones cause brain cancer. The film ends with Nick\'s narration: "Michael Jordan plays ball. Charles Manson kills people. I talk. Everyone has a talent. "'] ['Margie Chizek, an aspiring actress seeks Hollywood stardom and finds rejection, romance, publicity and epiphanies along the way.'] ["Austin Millbarge is a geekish, basement-dwelling codebreaker for The Pentagon who aspires to escape his under-respected job to become a secret agent. Emmett Fitz-Hume, a wisecracking, pencil-pushing son of an envoy, takes the foreign service exam under peer pressure. Millbarge and Fitz-Hume meet during the test, on which Fitz-Hume openly attempts to cheat after an attempt to seduce his immediate supervisor in exchange for the answers backfires. Millbarge, however, was forced to take the test, having had only one day to prepare after his supervisor gives him a notice that was three weeks old. Needing expendable agents to act as decoys to draw attention away from a more capable team, the Defense Intelligence Agency  decides to enlist the two, promote them to be Foreign Service Operatives, put them through minimal training, and then send them on an undefined mission into Soviet Central Asia. Meanwhile, professional agents are well on their way to reaching the real objective: the seizure of a mobile SS-50 ICBM launcher. The main team takes a loss, while Millbarge and Fitz-Hume miraculously escape enemy traps, attacks, and other certain perils. Eventually the bumbling pair encounter Karen Boyer, the only surviving operative from the main team. In the Pamir Mountains of the Tajik Soviet Socialist Republic, the trio overpowers a mobile missile guard unit using hastily constructed extraterrestrial outfits and tranquilizer guns. Following orders in real-time from the intelligence agency , they begin to operate the launcher. At the end of their instructions, the vehicle launches the ICBM into space, targeting an unspecified area in the United States. Thinking they have begun a nuclear war, the American agents and their Soviet counterparts pair up to have sex before the world ends. Meanwhile, the military commander at the operations bunker ([[Steve Forrest . The purpose of sending the agents to launch a Soviet ICBM is thereby exposed as a means to test this anti-ballistic missile system. Unfortunately, the laser fails to intercept the nuclear missile, which is heading for the U.S. and will almost certainly trigger a global thermonuclear war. Back in the Soviet Union, guilt-ridden and horrified at the thought of having launched a nuclear missile at their own country, the American spies  use Millbarge's technical knowledge to force a malfunction in the launcher vehicle and transmit junk instructions to the traveling missile, sending it off into space where it detonates harmlessly. Immediately after, the underground bunker back at the drive-in theater is stormed by U.S. Army Rangers, and the intelligence and military officials involved in the covert operation are arrested. For their part, Millbarge, Fitz-Hume, and Boyer go on to become nuclear disarmament negotiators, playing a nuclear version of Risk-meets-Trivial Pursuit against their Soviet friends."] [':For the plot of the film-within-the-film, see This Island Earth The film opens with mad scientist Dr. Clayton Forrester, working from an underground laboratory, explaining the premise of the film . Mike Nelson and the robots Crow T. Robot, and Tom Servo, along with Gypsy, are aboard the Satellite of Love high in Earth\'s orbit, when Dr. Forrester forces them to watch the film This Island Earth to break their wills; as per the television show, Mike, Crow, and Tom make fun of the movie as it airs. The movie riffing scenes are bookended and interspersed with short sketches. Prior to the movie, Crow attempts to dig through the ship\'s hull to return to Earth. After the filmstrip breaks and Dr. Forrester reloads it, Crow and Tom dare Mike to drive the Satellite himself, but ends up crashing into the Hubble Space Telescope; Mike then tries to repair the Hubble using the Satellite\'s manipulator arms, MANOS, but instead further damages the unit before Gypsy takes over. Some time into the film, Tom reveals that he has an interocitor like that used in This Island Earth. The gang tries to use Tom\'s device to return to Earth, but instead contact a Metalunan  who is unable to help them to figure out how to use it correctly but does accidentally repeatedly zap Tom\'s head with a laser beam. The contact is broken by Dr. Forrester, who also has an interocitor, and he zaps the group to encourage them back to the movie theater. After the movie, Mike, Crow, and Tom are far from broken, celebrating in various Metaluna ways. Dr. Forrester, furious at his failure, attempts to use his own interocitor to harm Mike and the others, but only succeeds in transporting himself into the shower of the Metalunan previously seen. Mike and the robots briefly celebrate Dr. Forrester\'s disappearance before they realize they no longer have a way back to Earth without him. Mike says "Hey, wait a minute!" and the crew head back to the theater in time for the movie\'s ending credits.'] ['Frank Drebin  has retired from Police Squad and lives a basically happy life with his wife, Jane Spencer . It remains "basically happy" because police work has been Frank\'s meaning of life, and he feels unhappy about not being able to legally take on criminals anymore. Additionally, Jane tries to push him into siring a child, but Frank does not have the courage to go through this yet. It comes as a blessing to him when his old friends Ed Hocken ([[George Kennedy  and Nordberg  come by and ask for his help in an investigation. The Police Squad has caught wind that a well-known bomber named Rocco Dillon , who is currently incarcerated, has been hired by a terrorist  to conduct a major terrorist act against the United States. An important contact, Tanya Peters , Rocco\'s girlfriend, proves to be a dead end, so Drebin is asked to join Dillon undercover in prison, befriend him, and then leak details of the plan to his colleagues. However, the first part of the mission – by pure accident – proves to be extremely taxing; Jane becomes frustrated both at Frank\'s sudden unwillingness to engage in his marital duties and the suspicion that he is doing police work again, and storms out of the house. Frank joins Rocco in prison, and after winning his trust, the two stage their breakout together. Rocco even manages to persuade his dominant and highly distrustful mother, Muriel  to take Frank into their house. However, both are loath to tell Frank too many details right away, which is why he is forced to stay around a little longer. In the meantime, Jane joins her friend Louise  on a road trip, but in time she realizes that she really misses Frank. When she calls home and receives no reply, she follows a clue Frank had inadvertently left behind to Tanya, where she is promptly taken hostage by Rocco and his mother. Frank is barely able to save her life for the time being, and eventually Rocco reveals his plan: the bomb is to be set off at this year\'s Academy Award ceremony, with the bomb hidden in the envelope with the nomination of the Best Picture category and triggered when the card is pulled out. At the awarding night, Frank and Jane separate from Rocco\'s team and frantically begin searching for the bomb, with Frank inflicting his usual chaos on stage during the prelude show. However, they are unable to find the bomb before the nomination for Best Picture is begun. When Frank bursts onto the stage and awkwardly attempts to prevent the detonation of the bomb, Rocco and his mother realize what is going on and kidnap Jane, but in the process, Frank loosens an electronic sign which takes out Muriel. Desperate, Rocco decides to detonate the bomb to follow his mother, but Frank manages to catapult Rocco and the bomb out of the awarding hall right into Papshmir\'s private helicopter , with the bomb eliminating all hostile parties involved. Frank and Jane reaffirm their love under the applause of the awarding audience and viewers worldwide. Nine months later, Frank and Nordberg rush into the pediatric ward to witness the birth of Frank\'s child, only that a slight mistake ends with Frank being very resentful at Nordberg.'] ["Princess Yasmin of Lugash  is abducted in French territorial waters to force her father to abdicate and allow her disgraced stepmother's lover, a military general with terrorist ties to an unfriendly neighboring kingdom to claim the throne. Police Commissioner Dreyfus  is tasked with solving the case of the kidnapped princess. While investigating her disappearance in the South of France, he has a run-in with the kidnappers, and a local gendarme, Jacques Gambrelli . Gambrelli opens the trunk of the kidnapper's van and unknowingly spies the Princess who he believes is the driver's sister en route to the hospital. During the investigation, Dreyfus learns that Gambrelli is in fact the illegitimate son of the late Inspector Jacques Clouseau, which leads to the injured  Dreyfus sending the clutzy cop off to rescue the princess and prove himself his father's true heir."] ["Judy Benjamin  is an American woman who joins the U.S. Army after her new husband dies on their wedding night during sex. Duped by a sneaky recruiting sergeant, Jim Ballard , who lets her believe military life to be more glamorous than it is, she has a rude awakening in boot camp. After getting in trouble constantly, Judy wants to quit but chooses to stick it out, and has a series of adventures which eventually lead to promotion. During her service, Judy meets Henri Tremont , a dashing French doctor. However, their romance is short-lived when he returns to Paris and she to her army career. Later Judy manages to be assigned to SHAPE in Belgium, and she meets up with Henri again. He proposes marriage; she accepts, but when Captain Lewis , her boot camp officer, discovers that Tremont is a communist, Judy is forced to choose between giving up her army career or leaving him to continue her service. After she chooses Henri over the Army, Judy discovers Henri's controlling side, when he tries to 'remake' her, and when forced to sign a prenuptial agreement in his favor. Then, when she finds out Henri is still madly in love with an old flame  and has cheated on her with their maid, she realizes that she is capable of doing whatever she wants, and that she doesn't need Henri for that. She walks out on him at the altar to go and live her own life."] ['The story follows the fortunes of Simon Sparrow , starting as a new medical student at the fictional St Swithin\'s Hospital in London. His five years of student life, involving drinking, dating women, and falling foul of the rigid hospital authorities, provide many humorous incidents. When he has to leave his first choice of lodgings to get away from his landlady\'s amorous daughter , he ends up with three amiable but less-than-shining fellow students as flatmates: *Richard Grimsdyke . A relative had left him a small but adequate annuity while he remains in medical school, so he sees to it that he flunks each year. *Tony Benskin , an inveterate woman chaser. *Taffy Evans , a rugby fanatic. Towering over them all is the short-tempered, demanding chief surgeon, Sir Lancelot Spratt , who strikes terror into everyone. Simon\'s friends cajole him into a series of disastrous dates, first with a placidly uninterested "Rigor Mortis" , then with Isobel , a woman with very expensive tastes, and finally with Joy , a nurse at St Swithin\'s. After a rocky start, he finds he likes Joy a great deal. Meanwhile, Richard is given an ultimatum by his fiancée Stella  – graduate or she will leave him. He buckles down. The climax of the film is a rugby match with a rival medical school during Simon\'s fifth and final year. After St Swithin\'s wins, the other side tries to steal the school mascot, a stuffed gorilla, resulting in a riot and car chase through the streets of London. Simon and his friends are almost expelled for their part in this by the humourless Dean of St Swithin\'s . When Simon helps Joy sneak into the nurses\' residence after curfew, he accidentally falls through a skylight. This second incident gets him expelled, even though he is a short time away from completing his finals. Sir Lancelot, however, has fond memories of his own student days, particularly of the Dean\'s own youthful indiscretion . His discreet blackmail gets Simon reinstated. In the end, Richard fails , but Stella decides to enroll at St Swithin\'s herself so there will be at least one doctor in the family. Simon and Taffy graduate.'] ['The year is 1935. A pet shop owner catches a young boy shoplifting a puppy. To discourage the kid from a life of crime, the owner tells a story . . . It is 1910. Young Johnny Kelly is a poor but honest newsboy in New York City. Johnny beats up Danny Vermin in self defense and discovers his mom needs an operation they cannot afford. Since the execution of Johnny\'s father, Killer Kelly, his widow, Ma Kelly, has supported Johnny and his younger brother, Tommy, who is fascinated by the law. Johnny\'s fight with Vermin attracted the notice of local crime boss Jocko Dundee, and Johnny, seeing no honest way to earn the money for his mom\'s operation, sees no choice than to do a job for Dundee, even though it probably means breaking the law, and in doing so, "breaking his mother\'s heart". He helps Dundee rob the nightclub belonging to Dundee\'s rival, Roman Moronie. When asked his name, Johnny coins the name, "Johnny Dangerously", but Moronie, a malapropist of swearwords, never "forgets a fargin face." Years pass. With his mom\'s continuing medical problems, Johnny goes to work for the Dundee gang full-time. He becomes a suave young man, with plenty of folding cash. The whole neighborhood  knows that Kelly is really Johnny Dangerously, but Johnny\'s secret identity is carefully concealed from his brother and mother. They think he is a law-abiding nightclub owner. Similarly, the gang knows nothing of Johnny\'s mother and brother. Tommy is now in law school, with a girlfriend, and somewhat of a prig—he wants to drop out of law school so he can get a job, marry his girlfriend, and "get laid." With the assistance of a public health film , Johnny gets him to go back to law school. Johnny comes to Dundee\'s headquarters—he is still involved in a running feud with Moronie—to find he has taken on two new gang members: Danny Vermin, and his sidekick Dutch. Danny has lived up to his potential and become a total scumbag, with a taste for using opera audiences as shooting galleries with his .88 Magnum pistol. Moronie, subtle as always, sends a robot with a machine gun to try to knock off the gang. He is not successful, and Johnny retaliates by knocking down Moronie\'s club  with a bomb dropped from a biplane. The two gangs war. In the meantime, Johnny falls for a young showgirl new to the big city, Lil Sheridan, who, when she meets Johnny for the first time, asks him, "Do you know your last name is an adverb?". They go for a long walk together, ending in sexual fireworks. The war continues. Moronie sends a plumber to plant explosives in Dundee\'s toilet. Dundee has a narrow escape, and he retires in Johnny\'s favor. Johnny negotiates a truce with Moronie. A running gag has Ray Walston playing the owner of a newsstand who repeatedly gets knocked out when he is hit on the head by a pile of newspapers being flung from the back of a delivery truck. He temporarily loses one of his primary senses whenever he comes to. At various points throughout the movie, his character alternates between blindness, deafness, and amnesia. Meanwhile, Tommy graduates from law school . Despite Johnny\'s efforts to steer him into a law firm, he goes to work for the District Attorney\'s office. A bit miffed that his money should be used to train a crimefighter, Johnny is nevertheless not worried—District Attorney Burr is on his payroll. The D.A. tries to sidetrack Tommy, but he becomes a major public figure. After he holds hearings looking into Moronie\'s activities, the rival crime boss is deported to Sweden despite his protests that he\'s "not from there." Against Johnny\'s orders, Burr and Vermin conspire to kill Tommy. Tommy is badly injured, but survives. Divining the truth, Johnny has Burr killed—but this leaves Tommy as the new D.A. Tommy recovers, and weds his girlfriend. Vermin discovers that Dangerously is the D.A.\'s brother—and Tommy promptly overhears Vermin chortling about it. Tommy confronts Johnny, who agrees to quit the life of crime. The gang, though, is not as eager and suggests Johnny may be turning state\'s evidence against them. Johnny denies this, and goes to turn the evidence against himself to the Crime Commissioner—who Vermin has just killed, under circumstances that suggest Johnny is the killer. Not only that, Vermin steals Johnny\'s prized bubble gum case . Johnny is arrested for murder, but says he is innocent and the holder of the case is the guilty party. Tommy tries the case against him. Johnny is found guilty, sentenced to the electric chair and sent to death row. But when Vermin congratulates Tommy, and Tommy notices that he has Johnny\'s case, he realizes Johnny is innocent. Ma Kelly sucker punches Vermin in the crotch, and the cigarette case drops out of the stricken mobster\'s pocket. Ma Kelly and Tommy realize that "Johnny didn\'t do it." Meanwhile, his mom is using her contacts to investigate the murder. She finds the cleaning lady who is a witness to Vermin\'s presence. When Tommy hits Vermin with a grand jury subpoena, Vermin knows that he must kill Tommy. Johnny arrives on Death Row, where he receives rock star treatment from the starstruck warden. He receives word of Tommy\'s danger, and plots an escape, prevailing on the warden to move up his execution. As he is taken to the chair, Johnny assembles what looks like a tommy gun from parts handed to him by inmates. He escapes in a laundry truck driven by Lil. Johnny, through a wild chase, arrives at the theatre where Tommy is to be killed. He shoots and wounds Vermin, saving Tommy. The governor pardons Johnny as Vermin is arrested. Back to 1935. The young shoplifter is round eyed. Having taken in the lesson that crime does not pay, he is given a kitten as Johnny Kelly, law abiding pet shop owner, says "Crime doesn\'t pay." The kid goes on his way. Johnny, dressed in a tux, heads off in a riotous limo with Lil Sheridan: "Well, it paid a little!"'] ['Twenty three years after the original, documentarist Melvin Hall  interviews mainstream artists, actors, and musicians about the days of the popular band The Rutles, though mostly ending up in the wrong country. The film ends with Melvin and the interviewees laughing. In the interviews with David Bowie, he is seen holding a copy of the vinyl album The Rutles 1, calling it a "piece of marketing extravagance". The interview in the film shows the cover of the album with a black circle that has the words "27 No. 1 Songs On One LP". In the DVD extras, the circle on the album cover says "27 No. 1 Songs On 1 CD", even though this is a vinyl record album. Either way, this was the only time that a Rutles album was practically identical to a Beatles album in both album cover and title. The plot remains the same to its 1978 counterpart, with a new introduction and conclusion with Idle\'s character, Melvin Hall.'] ['Jack Beauregard  is a tired, aging legendary gunslinger who just wants to retire in peace in Europe to get away from young gunmen constantly trying to test themselves against the master. The film opens with three rascals ambushing Beauregard in a barbershop. After Beauregard has dispatched them, the barber\'s son asks his father if there is anyone in the world faster than Beauregard, to which the barber replies "Faster than him? Nobody!" \'Nobody\'  idolizes Beauregard and wants to see him die in a blaze of glory going against the infamous Wild Bunch singlehanded. The Wild Bunch are a gang of bandits who launder their loot of stolen gold via a fake goldmine. The owner sends them after Beauregard because the latter\'s now-dead brother was in on the deal. Nobody dogs Beauregard through the west, encountering many who wish him dead, and pesters him to let him stage his grand finale. Eventually, the grand shoot-out does take place by a railway line. Nobody arranges for Beauregard to shoot at the Wild Bunch\'s mirrored-concho-decorated saddles which, he\'s discovered, contain sticks of dynamite, thus letting a few good shots eliminate many of the men. To escape, the two board a train that Nobody has stolen. Finally, Nobody fakes a very public showdown with Beauregard, "killing" him and allowing him to slip away quietly. A street sign, marking where the gunfight took place, says "Nobody Was Faster On The Draw". Beauregard boards a boat for Europe and a quiet retirement, while Nobody takes up his own life of adventure.'] ["A top secret chemical formula has been stolen by STENCH . Fearful of what would happen if that formula fell into the wrong hands, the Chief of the Secret Service reluctantly sends the only agent he has left, the bumbling and snide Agent Desmond Simpkins, , and his three trainees, Agent Harold Crump, , Agent Daphne Honeybutt, , and Agent Charlie Bind ([[Charles Hawtrey , to find the formula. The Agents are hot on the trail, chasing the villains across the world. Their pursuit takes them to Vienna, and to Algiers. Upon the way they encounter the STENCH agents, the Fat Man and Milchmann . Unfortunately the agents' lack of experience results in their contact agent, Carstairs , being floored in an encounter with the Fat Man, and they also encounter the mysterious Lila , whom they are uncertain if they can trust."] ['The film features Byrne as an unnamed, cowboy-hat-wearing stranger who visits the fictional Texas town of Virgil, where he observes the citizens as they prepare for the Celebration of Special-ness to mark the Sesquicentennial  anniversary of the founding of the town and the statehood of Texas. The event is being sponsored by the Varicorp Corporation, a local computer manufacturing plant. Byrne\'s narration breaks the fourth wall many times in the movie, especially while he is driving around town in his Chrysler LeBaron convertible. Among the unique individuals the stranger meets is * Louis Fyne, , a Country-Western-singing clean room technician at Varicorp who is unlucky in love * Civic leader Earl Culver , who never speaks directly to his wife, Kay  * Miss Rollings , who never leaves her bed * Mr. Tucker , Miss Rollings personal assistant, a voodoo practitioner whom Louis hires to help him find love * A conspiracy theorist preacher  whose shtick owes a great deal to the Church of the SubGenius ; * Ramon , who claims telepathic powers * "The Lying Woman" , who recounts fantastic episodes from her life to anyone listening. Renowned Latin music legend Esteban "Steve" Jordan and his conjunto perform the song "Radio Head" in the film as well.'] ["A world's new kung-fu hero  is out to stop drug dealers, gangs and help save the world from an evil con ."] ['When Martians surround Earth with an armada of flying saucers, President James "Jimmy" Dale addresses America concerning the historic event. People around the country follow the story, including news anchors in New York, employees and guests at the Luxor Las Vegas hotel in Nevada and a trailer trash family in fictional Perkinsville, Kansas. The President\'s science aides set up a first contact meeting with the Martians in Pahrump, Nevada. Using a probably defective universal translator the Martians announce they have "come in peace." However, when a hippie releases a dove as a symbol of peace, the Martians shoot it down and attack the army and gathered crowd. General Casey, Jason Stone, and Billy-Glenn are among those killed. Thinking that the reason for this is a "cultural misunderstanding," President Dale has Professor Donald Kessler continue negotiations with the Martians, whose ambassador is invited to address the United States Congress. At this meeting, the Martians massacre most of the members of Congress and retreat to their saucer. Kessler begs for the Martian ambassador to stop, but he is knocked out and taken aboard their ship. General Decker tries to convince President Dale to retaliate with nuclear warfare, but the president refuses. A Martian assassin, disguised as a beautiful woman, enters the White House and unsuccessfully attempts to assassinate Dale. After the unsuccessful attempt on his life, the Martians then begin a full-scale invasion, in which they destroy Big Ben, the Eiffel Tower, the Taj Mahal, the Washington Monument, the Easter Island Moais, Mount Rushmore - replacing the stone president heads with Martian heads, and other locations. Meeting with the ambassador one more time to plead for peace, the ambassador goes to shake hands with President Dale but the ambassador\'s hand comes off and crawls on President Dale, and then stabs him to death. Meanwhile, Richie Norris, a Kansas teenager, discovers that the Martians heads explode when they hear Slim Whitman\'s "Indian Love Call". He and his grandmother drive around town, using the song to destroy the Martians. The military hears about the recording and broadcasts it around the globe and into space, killing most of the Martians and causing the few remaining survivors to flee Earth. Richie and his grandmother are later awarded the Medal of Honor by the only surviving member of the government, the President\'s teenage daughter, Taffy, at a ceremony including a Mariachi band playing The Star Spangled Banner on the steps of the ruined United States Capitol.'] ['Eddie Muntz  is a small-time American arms dealer who talks his way into a job with a large defense corporation selling high-tech military unmanned aerial vehicles to a South American dictator . Muntz arrives in war-torn and impoverished "San Miguel" to sell weapons to both its leader and the rebels seeking his ouster. In the middle of a sales pitch to the rebels, Muntz is caught in a firefight and is shot in the foot. Hobbling in a rundown hotel days later, Muntz meets Harold DeVoto , a sales rep for the American defense contractor, Luckup. Muntz peddles small arms , whereas Luckup\'s product is more sophisticated—the Peacemaker UAV, a military dream that operates without pilots or airbases. But the military junta of San Miguel strings DeVoto along, driving the man to suicide. Muntz successfully takes over the deal and wins a contract worth millions. On returning to America, he is angrily confronted at gunpoint by Catherine , Harold\'s widow. Demanding the contract, Catherine shoots Muntz instead, reopening the wound on his foot. Waking up in the hospital, Muntz is told by Frank Stryker , a Luckup executive, that San Miguel reneged on the deal after a distastrous and highly publicized demonstration of the Peacemaker. Muntz nevertheless decides to help Luckup re-sign San Miguel. He is joined by his partner, Ray Kasternak , an ex-fighter pilot now undergoing a religious crisis of conscience, and also by Catherine. Muntz\'s efforts are complicated by tensions with Luckup, by Ray\'s religious conversion, by "The Peacemaker\'s" many technical glitches and his own growing moral reservations. On the eve of a major defense industry exposition, Muntz is visited by Massagi , an immensely wealthy arms merchant who both encourages him to finalize the San Miguel deal and coaches him on how to do it. Massagi reveals that the global arms industry has a stake in sales of weapons like the Peacemaker because they allow for localized and conventional wars that will keep their business viable into the next century. Massagi also explains how recent changes to federal law not only legalize bribes to foreign dictators, but make those bribes tax deductible. These revelations spur Muntz on, while also adding to his unease. Muntz accompanies San Miguel\'s dictator to the weapons expo, where billions of dollars of high technology are displayed and demonstrated. To the dictators, Muntz disparages any warplanes he sees, reminding them of the obvious benefits of pilot-less aircraft. While Muntz demonstrates some of his own wares , Ray hijacks one of the fighter jets being demonstrated, threatening to attack the expo, also daring them to attack him. Ray circles overhead as representatives for defense contractors bicker among themselves as to whose weapons are good enough to shoot him down. Stryker takes matters into his own hands, launching the Peacemaker. This time, the UAV proves a much more formidable threat, and not even Ray can destroy it. Misusing all of the Peacemaker\'s weapons, however, Stryker instead destroys the entire expo. Before he can try again for Ray, Muntz uses his cane to shut off the Peacemaker\'s remote control panel, allowing Ray to destroy it. In the final scene, we learn that Ray has left the arms industry to become a missionary. Muntz is also out of weapons trafficking, but still a salesman working at his brother\'s car dealership.  He sells Catherine a car, and it\'s implied that they will be doing other deals together.'] ["Price plays the titular mad scientist who is working with the Chinese government to use exploding female robots to disrupt a scheduled NATO war-game by blowing up the various generals involved in the exercise . Fabian is the hero who works to thwart the plot, when he isn't busy chasing women such as Laura Antonelli's character. The film ends with an extended frantic chase through the streets of Rome, and Goldfoot attempting to start World War 3 between Russia and the United States by dropping a nuclear bomb on Moscow."] ['When a dorm toilet explodes on the first day back to school, a group of misfit girlfriends are forced to leave their housing and search for a new home. They ultimately decide on pledging a sorority. However, not many sororities are normal at South Beach University. The girls decide to pledge the most popular and exclusive sorority at the university, Gamma Gamma, which is led by president Victoria English . While pledging the sorority, Victoria sends the girls to do a task: collect used condoms. While searching the park, the leader of the group, Gloria, bumps into Victoria\'s boyfriend Derek, and they become close. The only reason Victoria plans to let the freshmen pledge is to display diversity, which is a requirement for the "FHM Hottest Sorority In The Country" contest. From then on, Victoria declares war on the girls during "Hell Week" but ultimately lets them join, only to kick them out once they have won the contest. This angers the leader of the misfit freshmen, Gloria. Gloria decides to quit the sorority as do her friends. Derek and Gloria realize their feelings towards each other and seal it with a kiss. Gloria\'s ex-best friend, Kristen, convinces Gloria to come back. Gloria and her friends come back but only to declare war on Victoria by sneaking into the Gamma Gamma house and stealing embarrassing photos and video footage of her to show to everyone at the Gamma Gamma victory party. She also reveals to Victoria that she and Derek love each other. Victoria becomes embarrassed and eventually makes a public apology to the freshmen. The movie ends with a giant food fight at the Gamma Gamma party, and Victoria saying that she loved her cover of FHM so much she bought the magazine. Gloria becomes the president of Gamma Gamma the following year.'] ['Mr. Dinkle and Jack look for work at the Cosman Employment Agency. Jack makes advances to Cosman employee Polly, but he is thwarted by the arrival of her boyfriend, a towering police officer. Polly assigns Dinkle and Jack to babysit for Eloise Larkin\'s brother and infant sister, while Eloise and her fiancé are out for the evening. The babysitting duties are complicated by the fact that Donald is something of a prodigy, as well as a self-proclaimed "problem child". The dullwitted Jack is soon outclassed by the child, and an attempt to lull the boy to sleep by reading the fairy tale Jack and the Beanstalk  aloud fails when Jack stumbles over the larger words. Bemused by Jack\'s incompetence, Donald reads the story instead -- a role-reversal made complete when Jack falls asleep as Donald reads. In his slumber, Jack dreams that he is the young Jack of the fairy tale. In his dream Jack learns that the Giant, who lives in a castle in the sky, has stolen all of the land\'s wealth and food. The situation obliges the kingdom\'s Princess to marry The Prince of a neighboring kingdom, whom she has never met. Jack must also make sacrifices, when his mother sends him to sell the last family possession, their beloved cow "Henry", to the local butcher, Mr. Dinklepuss. Along the way Jack meets The Prince . The unscrupulous Dinklepuss pays Jack five \'magic\' beans for the cow. Upon returning home, Jack learns that the Giant has also kidnapped The Princess and Henry. Undeterred by his mother\'s disappointment over bringing home only beans, Jack plants them and a gigantic beanstalk grows overnight. He decides to climb the beanstalk to rescue everyone from the Giant\'s clutches, as well as retrieve "Nellie", the golden-egg laying hen that the Giant previously stole from Jack\'s family. Upon learning of Nellie\'s existence, Dinklepuss decides to join Jack on the adventure. When they reach the top of the beanstalk, Jack and Dinklepuss are captured by the Giant and imprisoned with the prince and princess. After the Giant assigns the hapless pair to toil around the castle, they befriend his housekeeper, Polly, who helps them escape over the castle wall along with the royal prisoners, Nellie, and some of the Giant\'s stolen gems. . They flee down the beanstalk with the Giant in pursuit, as Polly escapes the castle behind him, astride Henry. During the descent, Dinklepuss loses Nellie  and then the gems, which rain down upon the impoverished townsfolk below. Once all are on the ground, Jack chops down the beanstalk, sending the Giant falling to his death. Just before being rewarded by the King for heroism, Jack is rudely awakened from his dream by Donald, who breaks a vase over Jack\'s head as Eloise and Arthur return home. Jack\'s angry outburst over Donald\'s behavior results in a second blow to the head from Dinkle, which returns Jack to his dream state. After greeting the others as their storybook counterparts, Jack walks off into the night with the bravado of "Jack the Giant-Killer".'] ['A teenager goes on a trip to Transylvania with his father and gets bitten by a werewolf. Made ageless, he attempts to put his life back together a couple of decades later by enrolling in high school. The basic premise of the movie is that he tries to keep his secret from the school and his girlfriend with comedic results. The movie was filmed partially at John Burroughs Senior High School in the city of Burbank, California, in the summer of 1979. A portion of this movie was also filmed on location in Lyndhurst, New Jersey, on the football field in Bergen County Park at the foot of Valley Brook Avenue and River Road. The stands were filled with everyone from the town, and the varsity football team of that year were featured.'] ['Albert Aachen is found dead, the murder weapon a poison dart. When a woman named Betty Barnard becomes the next victim, detective Hercule Poirot suspects that Sir Carmichael Clarke could be in grave danger. As he and Captain Hastings look into the crimes, a beautiful woman with an interesting monogram named Amanda Beatrice Cross becomes the focus of their investigation, at least until she leaps into the Thames.'] ['Six friends come together to try to find fame and fortune by making the world’s most innocent adult movie ever made. Although they have literally no idea what they’re doing, they keep at it and are determined to accomplish their goal...no matter what gets in the way. After the clueless crew ultimately does make a porno, they screen it for the first time at the local bar. The brother of a girl whose scene ultimately was not used sees her featured briefly while looking through the bar window; he angrily barges in takes the reel off the projector, covers it in whiskey and sets it aflame. It is revealed that this was the only print they had, all their work was now destroyed. However, the cinematographer had been taping the entire production process on mini DV tapes. He then edits these down into a completely innocent documentary about the trials and tribulations of making  their porn film. The movie he cuts together from the DV tapes is the actual film "The Amateurs" itself. "The Amateurs" becomes a hit within the independent film community, which brings fame and fortune to the group.'] ['Val Waxman  is a one-time prestigious film director lately reduced to overseeing cheesy television commercials in order to pay his bills and support his current live-in girlfriend . When he is thrown off his latest effort , he desperately seeks a real movie project. Out of the blue, Val receives an offer to direct a big-budget blockbuster movie to be set in New York City. However, the offer comes from his former wife  and her current boyfriend , the studio head who stole Val\'s wife from him. Pushed by his agent , Val agrees to the project, but a psychosomatic ailment strikes him blind just before production is to begin. The movie plays out with an aging director struggling to regain his vision, both metaphorically and literally. It is easy to envision the movie as a not-so-subtle metaphor for Allen\'s real-life struggles during the 1990s to regain  his early momentum in the film-making milieu. In the end, Val\'s project costs $60 million—and flops. Nevertheless, Val enjoys a "Hollywood ending" of his own—his movie is a hit in France. Winning his wife back, he happily proclaims, "Thank God the French exist."'] ['The movie tracks three plot lines: interviews at a role playing game convention , Elizabeth’s  interaction with the justice system, and the game in which Elizabeth is a first-time player. Elizabeth violates her house arrest sentence to attend her first game at the invitation of a stranger she meets in a gaming store. Elizabeth risks jail because of the terms of her sentence. In a key plot twist, she chooses to finish the game session: Because her ankle monitor has been inadvertently activated, she is in danger of re-arrest if she does not immediately return home. By the end of the movie it is made plain that in gaming with her new companions, Elizabeth has found her path to redemption, her path away from a life of petty crime and drugs. When her parole officer  asks her, “was it worth it?”, she answers, “yes.”'] ['After being blackballed from Hollywood because of his drunken antics, Danny Roane a washed up TV actor sobers up to direct his first feature film. As the pressure builds, Roane turns to the bottle again and attempts to finish his movie about drug and alcohol abuse. But in his drunken madness, he decides to make the film a musical.'] ['Hayworth stars as the Muse Terpsichore who is annoyed that popular Broadway producer Danny Miller  is putting on a play which portrays the Muses as man-crazy tarts fighting for the attention of a pair of Air Force pilots who crashed on Mount Parnassus . She asks permission from Mr. Jordan to go to Earth and fix the play. Jordan agrees and sends Messenger 7013  to keep an eye on her. Terpsichore uses the name Kitty Pendleton and quickly gets an agent, Max Corkle , and a part in the show. As the play is being rehearsed, Kitty takes every chance she gets to tell Danny that his depictions of the Muses are wrong. Danny, who has fallen madly in love with Kitty, is soon persuaded to her point of view and alters the play from a musical farce to a high-minded ballet in the style of Martha Graham. The revised play debuts on the road and is a complete flop. Danny, who is in debt to gangsters who will kill him if the show isn\'t a success, has no choice but to go back to his original concept. He and Kitty quarrel over this, and Kitty is ready to leave when Mr. Jordan shows up and explains the whole situation. Despite her argument with Danny, Kitty still loves him and decides to save him even if it means damaging her and her sisters\' reputation. Max Corkle hears Kitty talking to Mr. Jordan and realizes this is the same heavenly messenger he had heard about in Here Comes Mr. Jordan.  Kitty returns to the musical and performs "Swingin\' the Muses" the way the producer had intended. When the musical becomes a hit, Terpsichore learns her time on Earth is up and she must return to heaven. After getting Corkle to tell the police about the gangsters, she says she wants to stay with Danny - but she is now invisible to mortals. Mr. Jordan says that she will see Danny again and grants her a vision of their eventual reunion in the afterlife.'] ['The story centers around yoga master Singh  who wants to go in search of Indian Beauty . On his way, he meets Tally , a beautiful female gangster head. Because she doesn\'t want the Indian Beauty to have a good husband, Tally tried her best to make Singh a bad person. In the meantime, Uncle Panic  and his two nephews  arrive in India for a tour. There, they meet up with a con man . While they were having tea, they met an Indian man selling "Mysterious Water". The Indian man sprays some of the liquid onto Ng and Panic\'s nephews, which causes amnesia. Panic goes to a hotel and meets an illusion of Indian Beauty  whom he saves from drowning in the hotel\'s pool. They become lovers, but only for a short while because Panic is being hypnotised. When he awakes, he continues to search for the illusion. Meanwhile, Singh manages to become a bad person, to Tally\'s dismay. Tally has fallen in love with him, so she tries her very best to make him a good person again. The attempt succeeds when Tally and Singh drink a bottle of "Mysterious Water" which causes amnesia. However, the two become best friends. Panic, on the other hand, is being poisoned by a two-headed snake that caused him to be able to perform impressive yoga asanas. Indian Beauty has fallen in love with Panic and wishes to marry him. Until that fateful day, the father of Indian Beauty declares that the contest of marrying his daughter to the best yoga master begins. Panic was able to see his nephews and Ng again in the contest and reunites with them. Singh along with Ng and Panic were the finalists of the contest. They were to meditate and find out the true meaning of life. Singh passed the test and became the Brahma\'s assistant. Ng and Panic failed the test and decided to go back to where they came from. Meanwhile, Panic\'s nephews was on a tour bus and shouted out to Ng and Panic to go on board quickly. Indian Beauty sees the chance to escape her father and ran away with her lover Panic. Tally found out that Singh\'s spirit has gone to be with the Brahma and blamed him for his irresponsibility . Singh is now in the Brahma\'s palace and continue answer the prayers of the people for the Brahma. Unfortunately, the Brahma awoken from his \'dream\' and everything vanished. The movie ends with the start of the Stone Age where everyone struggles to survive so as to avoid extinction.'] ['When the famous Pink Panther diamond is stolen once again from Lugash, Chief Inspector Clouseau  is called on the case despite protests by Chief Inspector Dreyfus . While on the case, Clouseau is followed by the mob who are seeking to assassinate him. Clouseau first goes to London to interrogate Sir Charles Lytton . Traveling to the airport, he accidentally blows up his car, but mistakenly believes it to be an assassination attempt. Clouseau disguises himself in a heavy cast while on the flight, which causes complications in the air and on land and leads to an awkward introduction to the Scotland Yard detectives who meet him at Heathrow. Meanwhile, Dreyfus learns from Scotland Yard that Libyan terrorists may have marked Clouseau for assassination once he announces his intent to visit the scene of the crime in Lugash. Rather than order him back to Paris, Dreyfus orders him to continue on to Lugash as planned. Clouseau\'s plane crashes en route to Lugash. All aboard are believed lost at sea. Marie Jouvet , a television reporter covering the story, sets out to interview those who knew the detective best. This provides ample opportunities for flashbacks to scenes from earlier films. Jouvet also interviews Clouseau\'s father , at his winery, providing glimpses of Clouseau\'s childhood where he is played by Lucca Mezzofanti, and his early career in the French Resistance in which he is played by Daniel Peacock. Jouvet also has an unpleasant encounter with Mafia don, Bruno Langlois , an antagonist who also appears in the next film. Loggia would also be familiar to Pink Panther fans as Mafioso assistant Al Marchione in Revenge of the Pink Panther. Langlois warns Maria to stop asking questions about Clouseau as business is booming in the French underworld with the detective missing. Jouvet refuses and tries to file a complaint against Langlois with Chief Inspector Dreyfus. Dreyfus, who wants Clouseau dead just as much as Langlois does, refuses to press charges citing circumstantial evidence, much to Jouvet\'s frustration. The film ends with Maria hoping that Clouseau might be alive. Clouseau  is seen standing looking over a seaside cliff, when a seagull flies over and messes the sleeve of his coat. The words "Swine seagull!" are heard in the distinctive \'over French\' accent of Clouseau. The animated Pink Panther in trench coat and fedora is revealed in place of Clouseau watching the sunset. The Panther turns around and flashes the audience, but his opened trenchcoat reveals a montage of funny clips of Peter Sellers from his five Pink Panther films while the end credits roll.'] ["Supposedly filmed in 'Schizophrenoscope', it concerns Inspector Quilt of Scotland Yard's attempts to retrieve a 'Mukkinese Battlehorn' stolen from a London museum. Along the way he meets characters not dissimilar to Eccles, Henry Crun and Minnie Bannister from The Goon Show."] ['The film\'s primary protagonists are Roy Knable , a couch potato, struggling Seattle plumbing salesman and former fencing athlete, and his neglected wife Helen , a senior vitamin product manager. After a fight , Mr. Spike  appears at the couples\' door, offering him a new high tech satellite dish system filled with 666 channels of programs one cannot view on the four big networks . What Roy doesn\'t know is that Spike  is an emissary from hell who wants to boost the influx of souls by arranging for TV junkies to be killed in the most gruesome and ironic situations imaginable. The \'candidates\' are sucked into a hellish television world, called Hell Vision, and put through a gauntlet where they must survive a number of satirical versions of sitcoms and movies. If they can survive for 24 hours they are free to go but if they get killed then their souls will go to Satan. The dish eventually sucks Roy and Helen into this warped world. They are pursued by Spike, who enters some shows along with the Knables in order to halt their advance. Roy and Spike continue to fight throughout several shows, even in a cloak-and-dagger scenario where Roy displays his long-buried talent as a fencer. Through tenacity and sheer luck, the Knables keep surviving, and their young son Darryl , who sees and recognizes his parents fighting for their lives on the TV set. He and his older sister Diane  are able to provide important assistance from the real world. This infuriates Spike to the point that he makes good on Roy\'s contract, releasing him but not Helen as she was not in the system under contract. Roy re-enters the system to save Helen, bringing his own remote control with him, allowing them to control their journey. Roy confronts Spike in a Salt-N-Pepa music video, manages to get a hold of Spike\'s remote and uses it to save Helen from being run over by a train in a western movie. By pressing the "off" button on the remote, they are evicted from the TV set moments before it sucks their neighbor\'s Rottweiler into the TV and it destroys itself. In the end, Spike gets eliminated by the Rottweiler on the command of Crowley , a vengeful employee he banished to the system earlier and is then succeeded in his executive position by Pierce , a younger upstart employee. Roy, who has learned a valuable lesson after his adventure, has dramatically cut back on his TV viewing and taken a new job as a fencing teacher.'] ['The film begins with the following lines appearing on screen, complete with deliberate spelling mistakes: "Attention! Ce flim n\'est pas un flim sur le cyclimse. Merci de votre compréhension."  The story begins with the death of George Abitbol , described as the classiest man in the world, somewhere near the fictitious atoll of Pom Pom Galli in the South Pacific. Reporters Dave , Peter  and Steven  investigate his death by going to meet people who knew him during his life in Texas. They mostly investigate his last words: this movie is a parody of Citizen Kane. Pom Pom Galli was taken from the Wayne movie The Sea Chase.'] ['The story opens with Tom Dobbs , a comedian and host of a satirical talk show who is able to tap into people\'s frustrations with the sharply divided, special interest-driven political climate. Specifically, he makes fun of the American two-party system. During his warm-up act, an audience member suggests that he run for President. At first, Dobbs laughs off the idea, but following a popular groundswell of support, later announces on the air that he will stand as a candidate. Through his efforts, he gets on the ballot in 13 states and participates in one of the national debates with the Democratic incumbent, President Kellogg, and Republican U.S. Senator Mills. A parallel plot follows Eleanor Green , who works at a voting machine company called Delacroy. According to a television commercial in the movie, the entire United States will be using Delacroy voting machines for the Presidential election. Shortly before the elections, Eleanor notices an error in the voting system, but the head of the company, James Hemmings, purposefully ignores her warnings. Initially, Dobbs approaches the campaign seriously – perhaps too seriously, to the chagrin of his staff, especially his manager Jack Menken . That turns around the night of the Presidential debates, when, fed up with the other candidates\' posturing, Dobbs shifts back into comedian mode, managing to keep the audience laughing and make serious points simultaneously. From then on, he resumes his showman persona, thoroughly shaking up the political landscape. Dobbs surges in polls after the debates, but remains a distant third to Kellogg and Mills. Election Day arrives and polls show Dobbs at 17% with Kellogg and Mills tied in the 40s. Early returns show Kellogg beating Mills everywhere. Eleanor says that this is part of the error in the voting systems. Then, all of a sudden, Dobbs starts winning states. He soon stands at 146 electoral votes and the media reports that if he wins the remaining states whose ballot he is on, he will become President. Soon afterwards, results show that Tom Dobbs has indeed won the Presidential race, beating out Kellogg and Mills. Dobbs is extremely shocked – like the rest of the world. While Dobbs and his crew move from shock to celebration, Eleanor remains unconvinced. She considers revealing the computer error to the public, but is attacked in her home by Delacroy agents and injected with a cocktail of drugs. Upon going to work, she behaves extremely erratically and is hospitalized for drug abuse. The company uses this as a pretext to fire her. While recovering in the hospital, she realizes that very few people would believe her story, but decides that if nothing else, she must tell Dobbs. Though still suffering from the aftereffects of the drugs in her system, Eleanor eventually makes her way to Jack Menken\'s birthday party. There, she unconvincingly impersonates an FBI agent but manages to catch Dobbs\' eye; the two dance through the evening and Dobbs gives her his telephone number. Eleanor cannot bring herself to tell Dobbs that he is not really the President-Elect. Later, Dobbs tries to get back in contact with Eleanor by calling Delacroy. This immediately raises the suspicions of Delacroy\'s leaders and they redouble their efforts to silence Eleanor. Eleanor calls Dobbs and he whisks her off to a paintball fight, followed by Thanksgiving dinner. At dinner, she finally gets him alone to tell him that the elections were a fraud, then leaves. Dobbs wrestles with the idea that he should not have been elected as President and finally decides to break Eleanor\'s news to the public in a major speech. However, Delacroy pre-empts his announcement with one of their own, stating that Eleanor was caught attempting to throw the election for Dobbs, but that her efforts had no impact on the polls. Eleanor becomes increasingly fearful for her safety, a feeling that is soon justified as Delacroy agents break into the hotel room where she is staying to confiscate her computer, which contained the only evidence she had. Desperate, Eleanor first flees to a mall, where she is found by a Delacroy agent but escapes. She then drives to find a pay phone so that she can call Dobbs for help. She manages to reach him but is not able to communicate anything before the Delacroy agent\'s truck crashes into the phone booth on purpose; she escapes just before the collision but is injured and hospitalized a second time. Dobbs goes to the scene and, though he cannot understand what she is trying to say, is convinced that she was telling the truth about the election. During the "Weekend Update" segment of the sketch comedy TV show [Saturday Night Live]], he finally announces to the public that the elections were flawed and that he should not be President. Dobbs declines to accept victory in a phony election and another election is held, in which Dobbs chooses not to participate. President Kellogg wins another term, though, perhaps chastened by the Dobbs phenomenon, is much more sensitive to the populace as a whole rather than the special interests, and Dobbs returns to his career as a talk show host, with Eleanor at his side as his producer and wife. The Delacroy executives are convicted of fraud. The last seconds of the film shows a mock TIME magazine cover with Dobbs chosen as Person of the Year.'] ['In a high school classroom, The Lecturer tells the assembly of anxious parents about the evils of marijuana . With the help of his assistant, Blumsack, he then launches into the tragic tale of one boy\'s struggles with the demon weed. Jimmy Harper is a fine upstanding youth, blessed with the love of the fair Mary Lane. The two are sure they will live happily ever after and  compare their relationship to that of William Shakespeare\'s greatest love story . However, across town, the sadistic weed-pusher, Jack Stone, and his cronies, neurotic whore Sally DeBanis, and former college student Ralph Wiley, are living in the depths of depravity. Jack\'s moll, Mae Coleman, explains how she came to live in such a state and how she would leave Jack if he didn\'t give her the marijuana she so craves . Meanwhile, Jack goes out to recruit new addicts at Miss Poppy\'s soda counter . There, he meets Jimmy, whom he lures back to the house and offers a stick of reefer. After one puff, Jimmy becomes an addict . He forgets about Mary Lane, who sits alone in church, waiting for him . One night, Jimmy and Ralph break into the church in order to steal from the collection plate for drug money. Jesus comes down from the cross and, in a musical revue hosted by Joan of Arc, exhorts Jimmy to kick the habit . But Jimmy\'s too deep into his habit to be saved; he has a new God now. He goes back to the Reefer Den, and to Sally, where he finds out that Sally, desperate for drug money, sold her baby to the black market. One dark night, Jimmy and Sally are driving wildly back to the house, stoned, when their car hits and kills an old man. Sally runs away. Jimmy, scared straight, drives in a panic to Mary\'s house, where he tells her he still loves her . However he realizes that by staying with her he is putting her in danger and tells her that he has to leave town without her. Mary then insists on going with him, saying "If Romeo has to run away, then so does Juliet." Jimmy tells her to go inside and pack, then sneaks away, hoping for a new start somewhere else, where Mary won\'t be harmed. But Jack knows that if the police catch Jimmy, his \'reefer empire\' will be shattered. He waits for Jimmy at Mary\'s house and offers him an innocent-looking chocolate brownie, which turns out to be a marijuana brownie. Jimmy eats the brownie and immediately forgets all about Mary . Jimmy goes back to the Reefer Den. But this time, Mary pursues him, planning to rescue him. Instead, Ralph ensnares her with his fraternity jacket and a puff of reefer . He soon finds out that he has unleashed more than he can deal with, as Mary transforms from your simple high school sweetheart into a sadistic, whip-cracking dominatrix who begins to rape Ralph. Jimmy comes downstairs to find Mary taking advantage of Ralph. He angrily attacks Ralph and the two begin fighting. Jack comes in and attempts to break up the fight, while Mae reprimands them for corrupting someone as innocent as Mary. During the scuffle, Jack\'s gun goes off and Mary is shot through the heart . Jimmy holds her, but it is too late; she dies in his arms. The police appear, summoned by the gunshot, and Jack fingers Jimmy as the killer. He is carted off by the officers . The radio reveals that Jimmy has been sent to death row. Upon hearing this news, Ralph goes insane, thinking that Jimmy, Mary , and the rest of the youths whose lives have been ruined by marijuana, are stalking him from beyond the grave . Spooked, Jack and Mae go out for food while Sally stays behind to look after the raving Ralph. When they return, they find that Ralph, in the throes of reefer-induced hunger pangs, has murdered Sally and cannibalized her body. Jack shoots him several times, but Ralph continues to get up, his strength increased while he is in the throes of "Reefer Madness" he collapses in the backyard, but disappears when Jack goes to check the body. Jack looks up to see Ralph leap down from the trees only to be impaled on the scarecrow. But now Mae is having visions of Jimmy, Mary, Sally, and Ralph, all accusing. To regain her sanity the only way she knows, she hacks Jack to death with a garden hoe and kicks the habit once and for all ("The Stuff . When Mae reads in the daily paper that the president will be coming to town to visit a sick child, she becomes determined to talk to him and gain a Presidential pardon for Jimmy. They burst into the electrocution chamber at the last second and free the doomed Jimmy, who joins them in their crusade to tell the world about the evils of marijuana. They travel back to the reefer den, where Jimmy torches the crop. Mary appears, haloed and freed from hell by his heroic destruction of property. She promises to wait for him in heaven . The Lecturer\'s presentation ends; the entire audience joins the suddenly real film cast to explain how they will join the fight against things they don\'t understand, ("Reefer Madness , thus connecting the 1930s crusade against marijuana, with the Hollywood Hays Code and prejudice directed at racial and ethnic minorities, immigrants, labor unions, gays and lesbians. As the film ends, the galvanized townsfolk hold a huge anti-reefer bonfire, in a scene similar to the book burnings that took place in Germany in the 1930s, as well continuing the film\'s theme of associating marijuana prohibition with other campaigns against minorities and dissent, with the Lecturer promising, as he drives away, "When danger\'s near exploit their fear."'] ['Florence "Chicklet" Forrest , a Gidget-like character, experiences inexplicable blackouts, and fears that she might be the one responsible for a series of mysterious deaths in her beach-side town. The deaths are investigated by Captain Monica Stark , who also suspects Chicklet\'s mother , Chicklet\'s best friend Berdine , surfing guru The Great Kanaka  and B-movie actress Bettina Barnes . Florence is determined to learn to surf, and earns the nickname "Chicklet" from the surfer guys, all the while displaying multiple personalities. Other characters include university drop-out  Starcat , purported Swedish exchange student Lars , surfers Yo-Yo  and Provoloney , Starcat\'s girlfriend Marvel Ann ([[Amy Adams , whom he humiliates by accident when he rips off her bikini bottoms, leaving her almost completely naked on a beach, and the wheel-chair bound class "queen bee" Rhonda .'] ["A suburban police station is understaffed, due to a flu epidemic, and Sergeant Wilkins, under pressure to maintain staffing levels, is pleased to hear that three new officers, straight from training school, are due shortly. Before even arriving, the three officers inadvertently assist some bank robbers into their getaway car , and are embarrassed when they learn the truth. The new Constables are self-proclaimed intellectual and amateur psychologist, PC Timothy Benson, former socially well-connected playboy and cad, PC Tom Potter and PC Charles Constable who is extremely superstitious. The arrival of WPC Gloria Passworthy and Special Constable Gorse completes the roster. Constable falls in love with Passworthy. Out on the beat, the new officrs try hard, but are somewhat less than successful. Benson nearly arrests a plainclothes detective, and Constable believes he's just heard a murder being committed, but it turns out to be a radio play. Potter investigates a report of an intruder, but finds a young woman in the bath. Gorse, tasked to patrol with a police dog, is unable to control it. They have better luck when a wages robbery takes place. Benson and Potter locate the getaway car and all four engage in a confrontation with the thieves, arresting them and recovering the money. Commended for his efficiency and excellent results, Inspector Mills is promoted to a training position and Wilkins is promoted to replace him. Charlie Constable gets his girl  and stops being superstitious."] ['Angel Deverell  is considered an outsider in the town of Norley. She has a fanciful imagination and prefers to be alone, writing. Her mother, a shopkeeper, and her aunt, who works for the family that lives in the grand house called Paradise, don\'t understand her. She finishes writing her novel, "Lady Irinia," and sends it off. Theo Gilbright  offers to publish her novel, but he requires that she make some changes. Angel refuses and leaves in tears. Theo comes after her and offers to publish the novel as is. That evening, they dine at Theo\'s house, where Theo\'s wife, Hermione , takes an immediate dislike to Angel. Angel becomes a success, publishing several novels. At an event, she meets Nora ([[Lucy Russell , who is a great admirer of Angel, and her brother, Esmé , an artist. Angel buys Paradise and hires Nora as her personal secretary. She marries Esmé. The Great War breaks out. Esmé enlists and Angel is heartbroken.'] ['Dorky Andy , flamboyant Nico , jock Jarod , and nerdy Griff  reunite in Fort Lauderdale for spring break. The plot revolves around a contest -- "Gays Gone Wild!" -- to see who can have sex with the most guys during the duration of spring break. The winner will be crowned "Miss Gay Gone Wild". While Andy seems to have no problem getting men to have sex with him, Nico hasn\'t been attracting men at all, which prompts a frequent fantasy sequence involving a merman . Andy is troubled, however, when he falls hard for Luis , a charmingly handsome yet innocent virgin. Jarod and Griff are also meeting a problem, as they now are a couple, and are conflicted over whether or not to enter the contest themselves. Meanwhile, a shallow trio by the name of Jasper  seem to be very anxious to win the contest by any means. In a subplot, the guys meet Perez Hilton on an airplane and Hilton pursues a young priest to the bathroom, he hits his head, turning him into a religious zealot trying to dispel the gay activities going on; he is later hit in the head again and changes back.'] ['In 1954 Baltimore, Wade "Cry-Baby" Walker is the leader of a gang of "Drapes", which includes his teenage mom sister Pepper, facially disfigured Mona "Hatchet Face" Malnorowski, wild and free-spirited Wanda Woodward, and Milton Hackett, the nervous son of overzealous religious activists. His ability to shed a single tear drives all the girls wild. One day after school, he is approached by Allison Vernon-Williams, a pretty girl tired of being a "square", and the two fall in love. That same day, Cry-Baby approaches the "square" part of town to a talent show  at the recreation center where Allison\'s grandmother hosts events, and introduces himself to her, who is skeptical of his motives. Cry-Baby invites Allison to a party at Turkey Point, a local hangout spot for the drapes. Despite her grandmother\'s skepticism, Allison accompanies Cry-Baby to Turkey Point and sings with the drapes . As Cry-Baby and Allison tell each other about their orphan lives , Allison\'s jealous square boyfriend, Baldwin, starts a riot. Cry-Baby is blamed for the fight and sent to a penitentiary, outraging all his friends and even Allison\'s grandmother, who is impressed by Cry-Baby\'s posture, manners, and musical talent. As Lenora Frigid, a girl with a crush on Cry-Baby but constantly rejected by him, claims to be pregnant with his child, Allison feels betrayed and returns to Baldwin and the squares, though her grandmother advises her against rushing into a decision. Meanwhile, in the penitentiary, Cry-Baby gets a teardrop tattoo. He tells the tattoo artist, fellow drape Dupree : "I\'ve been hurt all my life, but real tears wash away. This one\'s for Allison, and I want it to last forever!". Eventually, Allison is persuaded by the newly-established alliance between the Drapes and her grandmother to stand by Cry-Baby and join the campaign for his release . Cry-Baby is released but immediately insulted by Baldwin who, after revealing that his grandfather is the one who electrocuted Cry-Baby\'s father, challenges him to a chicken race. Cry-Baby wins, as Baldwin chickens out, and is reunited with Allison. The film ends with all watching the chicken race crying a single tear, all except for Allison and Cry-Baby, who has finally let go of the past, enabling him to cry from both eyes.'] ['Howard Beale , the longtime anchor of the UBS Evening News, learns from news division president Max Schumacher  that he has just two more weeks on the air because of declining ratings. The two old friends get roaring drunk and lament the state of their industry. The following night, Beale announces on live television that he will commit suicide on next Tuesday\'s broadcast.Because Chayefsky started writing the screenplay during the same month that newscaster Christine Chubbuck committed on-air suicide, some, including Matthew C. Ehrlich in Journalism in the Movies , have speculated  that the scene was inspired by Chubbuck\'s manner of death. UBS fires him after this incident, but Schumacher intervenes so that Beale can have a dignified farewell. Beale promises he will apologize for his outburst, but once on the air, he launches back into a rant claiming that life is "bullshit". Beale\'s outburst causes the newscast\'s ratings to spike, and much to Schumacher\'s dismay, the upper echelons of UBS decide to exploit Beale\'s antics rather than pull him off the air. In one impassioned diatribe, Beale galvanizes the nation, persuading his viewers to shout out of their windows "I\'m as mad as hell, and I\'m not going to take this anymore!".  Diana Christensen  heads the network\'s programming department; seeking just one hit show, she cuts a deal with a band of radical terrorists  for a new docudrama series called the Mao-Tse Tung Hour for the upcoming fall season. When Beale\'s ratings seem to have topped out, Christensen approaches Schumacher and offers to help him "develop" the news show. He says no to the professional offer, but not to the personal one, and the two begin an affair. When Schumacher decides to end the "Howard as Angry Man" format, Christensen convinces her boss, Frank Hackett , to slot the evening news show under the entertainment division so that she can develop it. Hackett agrees, bullies the UBS executives to consent, and fires Schumacher at the same time. Soon after, Beale is hosting a new program called The Howard Beale Show, top-billed as "the mad prophet of the airwaves". Ultimately, the show becomes the most highly rated program on television, and Beale finds new celebrity preaching his angry message in front of a live studio audience that, on cue, chants Beale\'s signature catchphrase en masse: "We\'re as mad as hell, and we\'re not going to take this anymore." At first, Max\'s and Diana\'s romance withers as the show flourishes, but in the flush of high ratings, the two ultimately find their ways back together, and Schumacher leaves his wife of over 25 years for Christensen. But Christensen\'s fanatical devotion to her job and emotional emptiness ultimately drive Max back to his wife, and he warns his former lover that she will self-destruct at the pace she is running with her career. "You are television incarnate, Diana," he tells her, "indifferent to suffering, insensitive to joy. All of life is reduced to the common rubble of banality." When Beale discovers that CCA, the conglomerate that owns UBS, will be bought out by an even larger Saudi Arabian conglomerate, he launches an on-screen tirade against the deal, encouraging viewers to send telegrams to the White House telling them, "I want the CCA deal stopped now!" This throws the top network brass into a state of panic because the company\'s debt load has made merger essential for survival. Hackett takes Beale to meet with CCA chairman Arthur Jensen , who explicates his own "corporate cosmology" to the attentive Beale. Jensen delivers a tirade of his own in an "appropriate setting," the dramatically darkened CCA boardroom, that suggests to the docile Beale that Jensen may himself be some higher power — describing the interrelatedness of the participants in the international economy, and the illusory nature of nationality distinctions. Jensen persuades Beale to abandon the populist messages and preach his new "evangel". But television audiences find his new sermons on the dehumanization of society to be depressing, and ratings begin to slide, yet Jensen will not allow UBS executives to fire Beale. Seeing its two-for-the-price-of-one value — solving the Beale problem plus sparking a boost in season-opener ratings — Christensen, Hackett, and the other executives decide to hire the Ecumenical Liberation Army to assassinate Beale on the air; the assassination succeeds, putting an end to The Howard Beale Show and kicking off a second season of The Mao-Tse Tung Hour. The film ends with the narrator stating: {{bquote}}'] [':Long ago in "The Good Old Days", surfers ruled. It was bitchin\'! That was before the threat of chemical pollution, nuclear waste and the horror of Buzzz Cola. :Menlo Schwartzer was a high school genius who hated surfers. He invented a weird soft drink, involved local businessmen and set out to rule the coast. He nearly succeeded. This is the story of Buzzz Cola and Menlo\'s revenge. Deep in his secret underwater laboratory, teenage mad scientist Menlo Schwartzer plots to rid the beaches of his greatest enemies: surfers. Having been driven to revenge following a cruel practical joke gone awry, Menlo concocts an addictive chemical agent which turns its drinkers into mutated, garbage-ingesting zombie punks. With the reluctant help of his girlfriend Sparkle and a pair of greedy, cigar-chomping soda businessmen, Menlo distributes the chemical under the guise of "Buzzz Cola", and one by one begins to build an army of brainless zombie slaves to do his bidding. After several of their friends fall victim to Buzzz Cola, airheaded surfer dudes Chuck and Bob begin to piece together the parts of Menlo\'s evil scheme. Finding no help from their spaced-out parents or the bumbling efforts of the local police force, the two enlist the services of their eccentric science teacher and vow to stop Menlo for good, or else they won\'t be able to compete in the big surf contest this weekend.'] ["The plot centers on Inukai Heishiro , the son of a clan officer. One of his clan's most precious heirlooms, a sword given them by the Shogun, has been stolen by the samurai Kazamatsuri . Against his father's advice, Heishiro insists on retrieving the sword himself. His father sends two ninja after him to make sure he doesn't do anything stupid. Kazamatsuri wounds Heishiro, and kills one of his companions. The young noble ends up staying with an older samurai  and his daughter Koharu  while he heals from his wound and plans his next move. The older samurai tries to dissuade him from fighting, but Heishiro's honor won't allow him to leave Kazamatsuri alive. The older samurai, who turns out to be the master Hanbei Mizoguchi, convinces him to fight Kazamatsuri by throwing rocks rather than with swords. Meanwhile Kazamatsuri settles for a few days at a gambling house owned by Lady Okatsu , who falls in love with him. Then one night one of the ninja sent to protect Heishiro bribes her to poison his sake for one thousand gold. She does, but Kazamatsuri tastes the poison and kills Okatsu. He then kidnaps Koharu in an attempt to get the master Mizoguchi to fight him. Mizoguchi reveals to Heishiro that he killed Koharu's father, and has since never drawn his sword on another man, despite his immense skill. They then go to find Kazamatsuri and rescue Koharu. While Mizoguchi stalls Kazamatsuri, Heishiro takes Koharu aside and says he will marry her if Mizoguchi wins. Kazamatsuri fights Mizoguchi, who only draws his sword after his opponent destroys his wooden sword. He then disarms Kazamatsuri near a cliff. Kazamatsuri, admitting defeat, commits suicide by jumping off the cliff. Heishiro and the others go to the bottom, where there is no sign of Kazamatsuri's body, but Koharu spots the stolen sword at the bottom of the river, where Heishiro retrieves it. Flash forward one year. Heishiro has married Koharu, the sword is restored, and Mizoguchi is now an official in Heishiro's clan."] ['While performing on Lake Springfield, rock band Green Day are killed when pollution in the lake dissolves their barge, following an audience revolt after frontman Billie Joe Armstrong proposes an environmental discussion. At a memorial service, Grampa has a prophetic vision in which he predicts the impending doom of the town, but only Marge takes it seriously. Then Homer dares Bart to skate naked and he does so. Lisa and an Irish boy named Colin, with whom she has fallen in love, hold a meeting where they convince the town to clean up the lake. Meanwhile, Homer adopts a pig from Krusty Burger and names it "Spider Pig" . Homer seems to show more love for the pig than he does for Bart which causes Bart to reconnect with Flanders. Homer stores the pig\'s feces  in an overflowing silo which Marge tells him to dispose of safely. Homer takes the silo and Plopper to the dump to get rid of the waste, but during a line-up of safe trash disposal, he receives a phone call from Lenny, who tells him that Lard Lad Donuts has been shut down and free donuts are being given out. Homer grows impatient and instead dumps the silo in the lake, re-polluting it to an even more severe degree. Moments later, a chipmunk jumps into the lake and becomes severely mutated. Nearby, Flanders and Bart discover the chipmunk during a hike, and the EPA captures it. Russ Cargill, head of the EPA, presents five "unthinkable" options to U.S. President Schwarzenegger to keep the town\'s pollution contained; Schwarzenegger randomly picks option three, enclosing Springfield in a large glass dome. When the police discover Homer\'s silo in the lake, an angry mob of townspeople approach the Simpsons\' home with pitchforks and torches and attempt to kill them, but the family escape through a sinkhole that leads to the outside of the dome. They find a room to stay in for the night and Homer tells them that he has a plan; flee to Alaska to start a new life. The trapped citizens damage the dome over time and Cargill, not wanting news of what he has done to become widespread, plans to destroy Springfield. In Alaska, the Simpsons see an advertisement starring Tom Hanks, for a new Grand Canyon to be located on the site where Springfield is located. Marge and the kids want to go and save the town, but Homer refuses to help the people who tried to kill them. The family abandon Homer and leaves Alaska by train heading to Seattle, but are captured by the EPA upon arrival and then put back into the dome. After a visit from a mysterious Inuit shaman who saves him from a polar bear, Homer has an epiphany and believes he must save the town in order to save himself. As he arrives at Springfield to do so, a helicopter lowers a bomb suspended by rope through a hole in the dome. Homer climbs to the peak of the dome and descends the rope, knocking the escaping townspeople and bomb off. Homer takes the bomb and a motorcycle. After reuniting with Bart, they drive up the side of the dome and Bart throws the bomb through the hole, seconds before detonation. The bomb explodes, shattering the dome, freeing everybody. Cargill, angry at them for ruining his plan, arrives and is about to shoot Homer with a shotgun, but gets knocked out when Maggie drops a rock on his head. The town finally praises Homer, who kisses Marge on the motorcycle before riding off into the sunrise with her and Maggie. The townspeople begin restoring Springfield back to normal.'] ['The telefilm starts with the mayor as Norm the Genie with his new master. He wishes for a sandwich, and then to be mayor of the world. Eventually, he angers the citizens and is about to be put in a guillotine. Norm, who has come up with an evil plan, gives a note to the mayor and tells him to say it. It says to wish that everything was back to normal and Norm was in the hands of Timmy Turner\'s best friend, Chester McBadbat. Norm is then sent to Chester, who wishes that Timmy could play with him. Norm goes to Timmy\'s house and tells him that he will create a clone. The clone would do everything at home while the real Timmy has fun with Chester. However, once Timmy leaves, the clone gives Cosmo and Wanda a hard time. When Timmy returns home from a fun day with Chester, he finds out that Cosmo and Wanda, tired of the clone mistreating them, have quit being his fairy godparents. Jorgen Von Strangle appears and wipes Timmy\'s mind, making him forget everything that has happened. However, it is then revealed that he wiped the mind of the clone. In Fairy World, everyone finds out that Cosmo and Wanda have quit. A singing contest is then held to find a replacement fairy . Norm also makes Chester\'s dad the best baseball player in the world before heading off to Fairy World. Timmy needs to get his fairies back, so he travels to Fairy World via Crocker\'s Teleporter, but is captured by two security guards. Meanwhile, four contestants have sung their songs: a Japanese fairy William Hung, a Wicked Witch , the Tooth Fairy, and some Lawn Gnomes. Timmy then disguises himself as Mr. Crocker to mislead the security guards. The April Fool, Juandissimo Magnifico, Cupid, and Sanderson the Pixie have now performed, and the only contestants left to do so are Norm and Cosmo. Timmy then shows up. He makes up with his fairies and Cosmo performs . Cosmo and Wanda are announced the winners, but Norm crushes them with a wrecking ball. He is then made a fairy and his godchild is the miserable Chester McBadbat, who\'s father was arrested and home bankrupt. Eventually, Cosmo and Wanda survive, but Chester wishes that Norm was Timmy\'s fairy. However, Timmy makes Norm go two weeks without wishing. He then turns to confetti. Norm poofs back and tells Timmy that he quits and Jorgen poofs in and erases Timmy\'s memory by flashing him so many times and saying that it will stay wiped and turns Norm back into a genie. After finding out Norm used him to destroy Timmy, Chester uses his last genie wish and wishes everything back to normal and Norm back into his lamp. As Jorgen was about to take Cosmo and Wanda away, he sees the lamp and poofs away with it. Timmy apologies to Cosmo and Wanda and gives them a day off magic but they both turn to confetti and the episode ends with Cosmo saying the last line: "Look! I\'m made of string! Yay!"'] ['The three finalists for Plaything Magazine\'s "Centerfold of the Year" are Inga , Betty  and Angel Grace . During a photoshoot, Betty makes some rather scathing remarks regarding Angel\'s appearance. Angel becomes self-conscious, and goes to Dr. Lindstrom at his clinic. Angel had taken beauty enhancing treatments previously, but now wants to get back on the program. Though Lindstrom warns her that any additional doses could be fatal, Angel still pleads to be put back on the program. Dr. Lindstrom gives her a case with several vials, cautioning her to only take one a day. That night, Angel takes her first vial. The result of it causes her breasts to increase in size. Shortly thereafter, Angel, Betty and Inga go to the Plaything Mansion, and meet Bob Gordon, the founder of Plaything Magazine. The night before the photoshoot with all the girls, the shoot\'s photographer Mark  tries to sleep with each of the girls. Though Betty and Inga shoot him down, Angel gives into his sweet talk. Angel accidentally oversleeps and misses the beginning of the photoshoot. As she checks herself in the mirror, she realizes that she didn\'t take a vial the previous day, and wrinkles are settling in. In an act of desperation, she takes 3–5 vials. The overdose causes her to pass out for just a moment. When she reawakens, she has grown easily 1–2 feet taller than normal. Angel is oblivious, even though her high heels and bikini seem smaller. Making her way to the photoshoot, Angel and the girls begin posing for Mark, before Angel suddenly faints. While Mark, Betty and Inga go to alert Gordon, Mark\'s assistant Wilson  stays behind. When the group returns, Wilson and Angel are gone. Wilson emerges from behind a nearby cliff, followed by Angel, now over 60 feet tall. Sometime afterward, a circus tent is set up for Angel, who is still upset at her sudden growth spurt. Back at the Plaything Mansion, Mark and Gordon plot to use Angel\'s size as a major selling point for the magazine, and then turn her over to the government for experimentation. Wilson overhears the conversation, and confronts Mark about the plan; Mark shrugs off Wilson\'s concerns. Over the next couple days, Mark tries to win over Angel\'s embarrassment at being a giantess, in hopes that they can conduct her \'60-foot photoshoot\'. He explains that Gordon has arranged for a specialist to come in and help her, and that they have tried to call Dr. Lindstrom for her, but haven\'t been able to reach him. Wilson one night sneaks into Angel\'s tent, and explains what he overheard. It is here that Wilson finally confesses his love for Angel, and his concern over Mark and Gordon\'s plan. After the conversation, Angel wanders out into the nearby desert to think. The next day, Wilson manages to get a hold of Dr. Lindstrom, who agrees to come up to the Mansion to see Angel. As he finishes the conversation, Mark finds a rough-copy of the next issue of Plaything, with a 3–6 page spread, promising Plaything\'s \'Biggest Centerfold Yet.\' Betty finds the issue and grows angry that Angel appears to have trumped her. Some distance away from the Mansion, Mark has finally convinced Angel to do the photoshoot, taking pictures of her as she bathes in a wooden watertower. Betty, hellbent on revenge, tries to recruit Inga to her cause, but gets no sympathy. Sneaking into Angel\'s room, Betty finds Angel\'s case from the Lindstrom clinic, and takes some of the vials. Angel meanwhile, has finished her shoot in the watertank and is snuggling with Mark, when Gordon and Wilson meet up with her. Gordon continues his lie about a specialist coming, when Wilson finally exposes them as liars in front of Angel. Angel grows upset at being lied to, but the mood is shattered when Betty appears, having grown to 60&nbsp;ft. Angel and Betty begin fighting, just as Dr. Lindstrom arrives. Lindstrom tries to administer a tranquilizer dart on Angel, but it instead ends up striking Betty, who pulls it out and throws it at Gordon. Angel and Betty then continue their fight which eventually leads them to downtown Los Angeles. As Lindstrom, Mark and Wilson arrive, the girls have sent a myriad of people running down the darkened streets. Wilson uses Lindstrom\'s special antidote, which shrinks Angel and Betty back to normal. Angel happily decks Betty, whom Mark runs to. Wilson goes to Angel\'s side, and the two embrace. Mark meanwhile, forcibly tries to kiss Betty, who explodes, due to an instability with the antidote.'] ['His reputation brought into disrepute by Captain Bagshaw, a competitor for the affections of Lady Jane Ponsonby, Bertram Oliphant West a.k.a. "Bo" decides to leave England and join the French Foreign Legion, followed by his faithful manservant Simpson. Originally mistaken for enemy combatants at Sidi Bel Abbes, the pair eventually enlist and are helped in surviving Legion life by Sergeant Nocker, although only after they discover that when he is "on patrol" he is actually at the local cafe with the female owner, ZigZig. Meanwhile Lady Ponsonby, having learnt that Bo was really innocent, heads out to the Sahara to bring him back to England. Along the way she meets Sheikh Abdul Abulbul and ends up becoming a part of his harem and planned 13th wife. Nocker and Bo are kidnapped by Abulbul after being lured to the home of a belly dancer. Simpson follows them to the Oasis El Nooki but is also captured. After entering Abulbul’s harem and discovering Lady Ponsonby, Bo and Simpson give themselves up while Nocker escapes  back to Sidi Bel Abbes to warn Commandant Burger of Abulbul’s plans to attack Fort Zuassantneuf . However during this time ZigZig has told the Commandant about Nocker\'s true destination when on patrol and therefore upon his return his story is not believed. It is only when Knocker mentions Lady Ponsonby  that they realise he was telling the truth and the Commandant organises a force to head to the fort. Along the way they discover Bo and Simpson staked to the ground at the now abandoned oasis. The force marches on towards the Fort but heat, lack of water and a sand castle building competition gone wrong decimates the force to a handful. The remaining members reach the Fort to find that they are too late; the attack has already occurred and the stationed garrison wiped out. After learning that Abulbul\'s celebration of the successful attack includes marrying Lady Ponsonby, Bo, Burger, Nocker and Simpson rescue her from his tent, leaving Simpson behind dressed as a decoy. When Abulbul discovers the deception he chases Simpson back to the fort where, through the imaginative use of gum arabic, coconuts, gunpower and a cricket bat, the group holds off Abulbul’s army until a relief force arrives. Back in England the group reunites for a game of cricket. Bo is batting but when he hits the ball it explodes. The bowler is then shown to be Abulbul who exclaims “Howzat!” to which Bo, with a broken bat and burnt clothes, responds “Not out!”'] ['In the middle of the 22nd century, mankind has reached a point in its technological advancement to enable colonization of the far reaches of the universe. Armed with artificially intelligent "Thermostellar Triggering Devices", the scout ship Dark Star and its crew have been in space alone for twenty years on a mission to destroy "unstable planets" which might threaten future colonization. The ship\'s crew consists of Lt. Doolittle, Sgt. Pinback, Boiler, and Talby. Commander Powell, their superior officer, was killed by a faulty rear seat panel, but remains on board the ship in a state of cryogenic suspension. The crew perform their jobs in a state of abject boredom as the tedium of their task has driven them around the bend, with only each other, an increasing number of  systems malfunctions  and the soft-spoken ship\'s computer for company. They have attempted to create distractions for themselves - Doolittle, formerly an enthusiastic surfer, has constructed a musical bottle organ, Talby spends all his time in the ship\'s observation dome watching the universe go by, Pinback enjoys playing practical jokes on the other crew members and maintains a video diary of his time on board ship, and Boiler enjoys smoking cigars and target practice with the ship\'s laser rifle. In his video diary, Pinback claims to be liquid fuel specialist Bill Frugge, who accidentally takes Pinback\'s place on the mission after failing to rescue Pinback from committing suicide by wading into a fuel tank before the mission. Pinback has also adopted a ship\'s mascot in the form of a mischievous alien "beachball" that refuses to stay put in the food locker and forces Pinback to chase it all over the ship. While navigating a magnetically-bound asteroid field, en route to their next target , the Dark Star suffers damage, resulting in a malfunction with the bomb drop mechanism. To the utter disinterest of his crewmates, Talby decides to investigate the fault. Discovering a damaged communications laser in the airlock, Talby dons a spacesuit to investigate. While attempting to repair the laser, Talby is blinded and inadvertently triggers a more serious problem, causing extensive damage to the ship\'s main computer and a major malfunction with Thermostellar Bomb #20, which, on arrival at their target planet, becomes belligerent and refuses to obey orders and drop from the bomb bay. While stuck in the bomb bay, Bomb #20 refuses to disarm itself - its detonation countdown is in progress and it refuses to abort the countdown sequence. The other crew members attempt to talk the bomb out of blowing up. Doolittle revives Commander Powell, who advises them to teach the bomb the rudiments of phenomenology, resulting in a memorable philosophical conversation between Doolittle and the bomb. Bomb #20 aborts its countdown and retreats to the bomb bay for contemplation, and disaster appears to have been averted. Pinback addresses the bomb over the intercom in an attempt to finally disarm it. Doolittle has mistakenly taught the bomb Cartesian doubt, the bomb determines itself to be God, states "Let there be light," and promptly detonates. Pinback and Boiler are killed instantly. Commander Powell is jettisoned into space encased in a large block of ice, and Talby is taken away by the Phoenix Asteroids  to circumnavigate the universe. Doolittle, who previously expressed his love of surfing and how much he misses it, finds an appropriately-shaped piece of debris and "surfs" down into the atmosphere of the planet, burning into an incandescent speck.'] ["In the play, all the roles are played by prostitutes or their clients, and each actor  plays two roles, one in the brothel and the other in the play. King Herod  begs his young stepdaughter Salome  to dance for him, promising to give her anything she desires, much to the irritation of her mother, Herodias . Salome ignores him, choosing instead to try and seduce John the Baptist, who is Herod's prisoner. John responds by loudly condemning both Herod and Salome in the name of God. A spurned and vengeful Salome then agrees to dance for Herod — on the condition that she be given anything she asks for. Herod agrees, but it is only after the dance is over that Salome asks for the head of John the Baptist on a platter. Herod is appalled, tries to dissuade her, but finally gives in to her request. The scenes from the play are interwoven with images of Wilde's exploits at the brothel."] ["Stan Laurel and Oliver Hardy join the French Foreign Legion after Ollie's sweetheart Jeanie-Weenie  rejects him, as it is the only place where Ollie can forget her. When they arrive at the barracks in Algeria, they discover that not only are the other soldiers trying to forget lost loves, their lost loves all happen to be the one and the same woman Ollie is trying to forget: Jeanie-Weenie! On an expedition to Ft. Arid, a fortress besieged by native Riffian tribesmen, the duo get cut off from the rest of the regiment in a sandstorm and reach the fortress before the others. Surprisingly, the boys defeat the Riffians by themselves and the leader of the Riffians is revealed as another one of Jeanie-Weenie's conquests. The French Foreign Legion scenario was remade as The Flying Deuces."] ['Larry McCoy , Bill Little , and Everett Shackleford  are members of the Army National Guard. Larry loses his job and his girlfriend Karen reveals that she is pregnant with someone else’s baby. Bill is having a hard time with wife Connie and Everett lives in a storage locker as a security guard after getting fired from being a police officer. Bill shows Larry how to get over his grief of Karen by shooting the gifts that he got Karen. Meanwhile, an Army Colonel gets a request for more troops for Fallujah and sends Master Sergeant Kilgore  to assess the situation at the local reserve base where he finds Bill, Larry, and Everett. He puts them through a training regimen and sends them to Fallujah. They fall asleep in a Humvee aboard the cargo plane and, with Kilgore snagged onto the medical supplies, fall out when the plane experiences turbulence. After they wake up the next morning, they believe they are in Iraq. Everett breaks the radio and they find Kilgore lying next to one of the supply crates, concluding he had died. After running out of water, Everett starts to urinate in a canteen and leaves it on a crate. They solemnly bury him and give a brief eulogy with Everett also praying about Powerball. After gearing up, Larry holds a machine gun and says, "All right ladies...Let’s Git R Done." Little do they know, they\'ve actually landed in Central Mexico. After some driving and looking at a map of Iraq, Larry confirms that they were lost. Everett complains about not getting to shoot anyone yet while Bill and Larry tell him the rules of engagement. Everett sees two Mexicans with their mule and views them as a threat. He fires as the two men and their donkey duck to the floor. The three soldiers confront the men and see that Everett killed their mule by mistake. Larry tells them that they\'re here to liberate their people. The mule regains consciousness and the two Mexicans ask the soldiers to help their village. They accept. Back at the landing sight, Kilgore jumps out of his burial and sees a sign which shows that he is in Mexico. He sees a canteen on a crate . He pours it on his head, drinks it, and realizes that it’s urine. Meanwhile, the soldiers and the two Mexicans look over a rock and Larry sees through the binoculars that "Iraqi Insurgents" abusing the residents of La Miranda. Larry, Bill, and Everett devise a plan and Bill isn\'t sure. Larry looks back and sees one of the Insurgents holding the Mayor’s daughter by the arm, presumably to be taken away as a slave girl or raped. The three soldiers drive into the village, poorly shooting and manage to drive and scare most of them away while capturing one for questioning. The villagers throw a party to celebrate. Meanwhile, Kilgore is found to be alive. Larry asks the prisoner, Ricardo, if he is Republic Guard or Al Qaeda and where are the weapons of mass destruction, and Everett, in a homemade sniper suit, asks if he\'s a Turd or a Shi\'ite. Ricardo realizes they are confused and laughs at them. When Larry asks what was funny, Ricardo says, "You\'re not in Iraq, gringo." Larry realizes that gringo is a term used by Mexicans. Larry finds Bill who says jokingly that they may be in Mexico. They realize they are still fighting terrorism in a different form. They learn the name of the leader of the bandits is Carlos Santana . Meanwhile, the soldiers fix up the town, calling the mission "Operation: Sombrero." A bartender informs Bill of a nearby phone while he tries to fix the radio and Bill leaves without telling Larry or Everett. As Bill is being reprimanded for being in Mexico instead of Iraq, Santana takes him hostage. Santana takes Bill back to the town and threatens to kill him, but Larry points out that he can kill Santana despite the number of bandits. Bill is released and Kilgore arrives to yell at Bill and Larry. He doesn\'t notice Santana and the others until he is held at gunpoint. Everett arrives and a fight begins. The next day, Kilgore agrees to help defend La Miranda. The townspeople hide in the church when the bandits arrive. The bandits arrive with a Sherman tank. Everett attempts to get the rocket launcher in the bunk house, but the tank destroys the bunk house. Larry runs off to the cannon and sets it up. The tank aims at him and at the last second he kicks the cannon and it fires, blowing the tank up. The men of the village decide to join the fight. They scare the enemy away, but Santana stays behind and captures Maria to be his slave. Larry punches Santana and rescues Maria. They then share their first kiss while other U.S. troops arrive and capture the insurgents. Somehow, news reports start inexplicably spreading across the globe about the humanitarian aid given by the army in "Operation: Sombrero" and its efforts to capture local crime lord Carlos Santana. The soldiers receive Silver Stars for their actions as Bill also receiving the Purple Heart for being shot in the behind. Sergeant Kilgore moves to Miami, Florida, where he opens a private exercise camp. Everett moves to Mexico and becomes a luchador named "Carne Asada." Bill sues the Mexican government and moved to Beverly Hills after an out of court settlement. Larry goes back to Mexico, marries Maria, and opens up a restaurant called "Larry\'s Mess Hall" in Cabo San Lucas. Santana was jailed and put into a rehab program. After being released, he became a ventriloquist to the repaired José.'] ['Natalie Cook , Dylan Sanders , and Alex Munday  are the "Angels," three talented, tough, attractive women who work as private investigators for an unseen millionaire named Charlie . Charlie uses a speaker in his offices to communicate with the Angels, and his assistant Bosley  works with them directly when needed. The Angels are assigned to find Eric Knox , a software genius who created a revolutionary voice-recognition system and heads his own company, Knox Enterprises. Knox is believed to have been kidnapped by Roger Corwin , who runs a communications-satellite company called Redstar. The Angels infiltrate a party held by Corwin and spot a thin man  who was seen on the surveillance videos during Knox\'s kidnapping. They chase and fight the Thin Man, but he runs away. When they follow him, they discover Knox. After the Angels reunite Knox with his business partner Vivian Wood , Charlie explains that they must determine whether the Thin Man has stolen Knox\'s voice-recognition software. The Angels infiltrate Redstar headquarters, fool the security system, and plant a device in the central computer that will enable them to explore it remotely. They retire for the night after giving Bosley the laptop computer that communicates with the Redstar computer. Dylan takes up Knox\'s offer to spend the night with him, but he betrays her later that night, explaining that he faked the kidnapping with help from Vivian and the thin man. He has kidnapped Bosley, and, with access to Redstar\'s central computer, he intends to use his voice software with the Redstar satellite network to find and kill Charlie, who he believes killed his father in the Vietnam War. Knox shoots at Dylan, apparently killing her, but she escapes unharmed. Natalie and Alex are also attacked, and Corwin is murdered by the Thin Man. When the Angels regroup, Charlie\'s offices are blown up, but a radio receiver survives in the rubble, and the Angels deduce Bosley\'s location as he speaks to them using a radio transmitter implanted in his teeth. With help from Dylan\'s current boyfriend Chad , the Angels approach the abandoned lighthouse where Knox is holding Bosley prisoner. The Angels rescue Bosley and defeat Vivian, the thin man, and some henchmen before Knox blows up the lighthouse, but Knox uses his software and the Redstar satellite network to locate Charlie when he telephones Bosley. When Knox escapes in a helicopter armed with a missile, Bosley helps the Angels board the helicopter, and Alex reprograms the missile, which blows up the helicopter and kills Knox while the Angels land safely in the ocean. Seeing the opportunity to finally meet Charlie in person, the Angels enter the beach house that Knox targeted, but Charlie has already left. He remotely congratulates them on a job well done, and treats them and Bosley to a vacation. When Charlie speaks to the Angels by telephone on the beach, unseen by most of the group, Dylan suspects that she sees him nearby talking into a cell phone.'] ['Dickie Roberts is a former child star who shot to fame on an eponymous TV sitcom called The Glimmer Gang with his catchphrase "This is Nuckin\' Futs!". His career subsequently halted after his 6th birthday. Since his heyday, he has been reduced to parking cars at Morton\'s and appearing on Celebrity Boxing, where he is matched with Emmanuel Lewis. In the public eye, Dickie is washed up. Dickie is absolutely convinced that a new Rob Reiner movie in the works, Mr. Blake\'s Backyard, will be his comeback vehicle. Even after his agent does not land him an audition, Dickie persists. He pesters Tom Arnold at an Alcoholics Anonymous meeting to hook him up with Reiner. After he is kicked out because he\'s not an alcoholic, Dickie fakes being wasted and crashes what turns out to be a Lamaze class. However, Brendan Fraser  is in the class and he agrees to call Reiner for Dickie. Reiner bluntly tells Dickie that the part is not within his abilities because it requires knowing how a regular person lives. Unfortunately, Dickie never had a real childhood: he grew up in the limelight, and then his mother abandoned him when his show was canceled. Desperate to prove to Reiner that he\'s right for the part, Dickie sells his raunchy autobiography to raise $30,000. With the money, he pays a family to "adopt" him for a month. As expected, once Dickie hires his "family," things do not go well as he tries to fit into the household. Dickie learns much about himself and life in general, and finally lands the part. Along the way, he helps the family\'s son score a date with his dream girl and helps the daughter join the pep squad. The main lesson he learns is from Blake\'s Backyard itself: sometimes the things you want are in your own backyard. When his gold-digger girlfriend runs off with the self-centered father of his fake family, Dickie gives up the part to be with the family he has come to love. The movie ends with a faux E! True Hollywood Story report on Dickie, who now turns his real story into a new sitcom that uses all of his old friends, as well as his new family . The closing credits are a take-off on Relief albums listed as "To help former child stars". The song includes The Brady Bunchs Maureen McCormick singing "please don\'t call me \'Marcia\' or I\'ll bust your fucking head" and many references to old television sitcoms. The movie shows Dickie interacting with numerous former child stars, played by over two dozen actual former stars lampooning their careers, such as Leif Garrett, Barry Williams, Dustin Diamond and Danny Bonaduce.'] ['The film begins with a black man molesting a white man who has trouble remembering events for more than 15 minutes at a time. The film then cuts forward in time to two talkative hitmen, Sam  and Harvey , who mistakenly believe Johnny Vince , a hipper-than-thou swingin\' hepcat and band trombone player, to be the third member of their gang, assembled by their evil crime boss to pull a "botched robbery" in Las Vegas. Along the way, they take a beautiful hostage – the lovely, desperate and lonely cashier Julianne . Little do they know that she will forever change their pathetic lives. During the journey, the foursome encounter a variety of characters inspired by famous independent films, including a bald genius, a forgetful thug, a jogging red-head, a bound and gagged girl, rabbis on a mission, lots of lesbians, Project Greenlight\'s Pete Jones, a crazed though well-dressed mechanic , a horny answering machine , a naive mariachi, an obnoxious practical-joking love-struck French girl, and finally Pauly Shore as himself.'] ['The film is based around a teacher named Carl  who\'s living his everyday life while trying to cope with his fear of terrorist nuclear attacks. However, with the threat so high he soon lets loose and jeopardizes his family and friends.Jackson, Charreah . "Hill Harper: Lessons on Love". Essence. Retrieved June 14, 2011. This fear begins when he hears constant talk of terrorism on the news. He soon begins to have nightmares about himself and his family dying as a result of a nuclear terrorist attack. He searches on the internet for "how to protect your family from a terrorist attack". He ends up at a seminar he finds on a website that specializes in providing people with steps to prepare for an attack. There, he meets comedian Tom Arnold, who is also having fears of an attack. He and Arnold end up forming a close relationship later in the film. Carl begins to clean out his basement and convert it into a fallout shelter. He fills it with emergency supply items . This worries his wife Viv, who is pregnant. She sends him to a therapist, whom Carl dislikes. Viv is even more worried when Tom takes Carl out to the shooting range at a gun shop, where Carl buys a 9mm Glock pistol. He places it and some gold he buys in a safe, which is delivered by three shady-looking characters. The gold, safe, and gun are lost when the same guys who delivered the safe, rob Carl and tie him and Viv up in the shelter. During a scene when Carl is scanning his shelter for radiation, he sees a high radiation count in a plate he obtained from a homeless man earlier in the film. He returns the plate to him, however the man does not believe him and gives him a card to a mental health clinic. In one scene, Carl goes to a comedy club where Tom is performing, and hears Tom joking about him. He feels betrayed, and avoids contact with Tom. Carl soon begins to believe that America is a dangerous place, and he searches for a home in British Columbia. This leads to Viv and him being separated. Carl buys the new house and says goodbye to his wife when she is heading to work. Just as Carl is packing, Tom calls him, and apologizes for his stage performance. He then tells Carl that one of his friends deep in the government reported that bomb disposal units have been dispatched to downtown L.A., where an armed suitcase nuke had been found. Tom has saved two seats in a jet for him and Viv to escape from the impending attack. Carl agrees to go along and gets his dog, and then tries to warn Viv. She does not believe him and hangs up on him. Carl then calls his students and warns them to take shelter. The Emergency Alert System comes on the air and broadcasts an EAN warning of the terrorist attack. Carl calls Viv again, who now believes him but cannot leave because she is working the crisis at City Hall. He shows up at the airport, and tells Tom he\'s not going. He gives Tom his dog and drives to the government building to find Viv and take shelter. With two minutes left until the bomb detonates, he finds her working the 911 service. When he tells Viv to go to the shelter with him, she expresses concerns about the people needing help. In the last seconds before detonation, Viv and Carl say they love each other one last time. The explosion is not shown, however Carl gives an afterword.'] ['The film establishes Jean-Claude Van Damme playing himself as an out-of-luck actor. He is out of money; his agent cannot find him a decent production; and the judge in a custody battle is inclined to give custody of his daughter over to his ex-wife. He returns to his childhood home of Schaarbeek in the Brussels capitol region, Belgium, where he is still considered a national icon. When he goes into a post office to receive a wire transfer, he ends up arguing with the bank teller just as, coincidentally, the bank is robbed. As he turns he is pistol whipped in the face by the head robber, cutting his lip. The bank robber takes the customers hostage, and the police mistakenly identify Van Damme as the head robber. The following action is portrayed from different perspectives, and Van Damme finds himself acting as a hero to protect the hostages, as well as both a negotiator and presumed perpetrator. In a notable scene, Van Damme and the camera are lifted above the set, and he performs a six-minute single-take monologue, where he breaks the fourth wall addressing the audience directly with an emotional  monologue about his career, his multiple marriages, and his drug abuse. Van Damme then persuades one of the bank robbers to release the hostages. After this happens, a scuffle ensues and in the resulting conflict, the head robber is shot. The police, after hearing a gunshot, storm the building. The police shoot another one of the thieves, and Van Damme is held at gunpoint by the final one. Van Damme briefly imagines a scenario in which he takes the robber out by elbowing him and kicking him in the face and everyone including the police and crowd cheering for him, but in reality, he just elbows him in the stomach, and the police quickly apprehend him. While speaking as the ringleader of the robbers, Van Damme demanded $465,000 for the law firm handling his custody case. Consequently, he is arrested for extortion, tried and sentenced to 1 year in prison. The final scene shows him teaching karate to other inmates, then being visited by his mother and daughter who both utter the word "Hi" to each other.'] ["Presented as a mockumentary, Jackie's Back chronicles the life and career of Jackie Washington , a 1960s/1970s R&B diva. After several years of toiling in obscurity, Washington decides to organize her own comeback concert with filmmaker Edward Whatsett St. John  filming the event. The film also features numerous cameo appearances by celebrities."] ['On October 31, 1998, Eric Bottler reunites with his old high school buddies Linus, Hutch, Windows, and Zoe at a Halloween party. There is tension between Bottler and his old friends, due to Bottler being the only one that matured since high school. Bottler, now a car salesman at his father\'s dealership, finds that his friends have not changed a bit since high school; the number one thing they still have in common is their love of Star Wars . The gang expresses their anticipation for the latest installment to the franchise, Star Wars Episode I: The Phantom Menace. Linus proposes an idea that Bottler and he had been plotting since they were children: to infiltrate Skywalker Ranch and steal a rough cut of the film. The next day, Hutch and Windows meet Bottler at work and inform him that Linus is dying from cancer. The doctors estimate that he only has roughly four months to live; Episode I comes out in six. To make peace with his former best friend, Bottler decides to go through with their plan and infiltrate Skywalker Ranch. They begin their trip to Texas, where they have to meet Rogue Leader, a girl Windows is having an online relationship with, for information on getting into the Ranch. While on the road, Hutch decides to take a detour to Riverside, Iowa  in an attempt to start a fight with some Trekkies. Hutch gets his wish after attacking a Trekkie by the name of Admiral Seasholtz in retaliation to Seasholtz calling Han Solo a bitch, to which Hutch responds by running down their statue of Captain Kirk and Khan. The boys\' van breaks down and they stumble upon a biker bar. Once inside they ask for help and a glass of water that costs $100. Hutch, refusing to pay, tries to pass himself off as a tough guy who just got out of prison, only to discover that they are in a gay bar. In order to pay for the drink they are forced to become the "midnight entertainment" and strip to the music of Menudo; which goes terribly wrong. "The Chief" fixes their van after they pass out from eating guacamole laced with peyote and gives a bag of it to Linus as a parting gift. After arriving in Texas, Windows meets Rogue Leader, which to his horror is a 10-year-old girl. The group encounters Harry Knowles, who begins to beat up Windows, telling him to never talk to his niece, Rogue Leader, again. After explaining their situation, Harry quizzes them to prove they are true fanboys, then gives them information on one of his contacts that knows how to successfully enter Skywalker Ranch. They are told to meet Harry\'s contact in Las Vegas, but before they get there they are arrested for fleeing a police vehicle and possession of peyote. Zoe arrives to bail them out of jail, and accompanies them on their journey. Once in Vegas, Hutch and Windows make an attempt to have sex with some girls while Bottler and Linus go to meet Harry\'s contact. They are shocked to find that his contact is none other than William Shatner. Shatner gives them the information they need and leaves. Upon his departure, Seasholtz and his Trekkie friends, who were attending a Star Trek convention in Vegas, attack them. Meanwhile, Hutch and Windows discover that the girls they were with are escort girls and their angry pimp  wants them to pay up. The group escapes their adversaries but Linus is injured in the process. When taken to the hospital, Linus is informed by a doctor that he must return home for the sake of his health. When the group feels the situation has become hopeless, Eric refuses to give up on their plan and manages to inspire the gang to continue, reminding them that Star Wars means very much to Linus. The group leaves the hospital and eventually makes it to Skywalker Ranch, on the way encountering Jay and Silent Bob. Shortly after breaking in to the Ranch and marveling at the collection of original props and costumes used in the films, they are discovered by security guards and are caught after a brief chase. The Head of Security tells them of their impending doom when he receives a phone call from George Lucas himself. Lucas tells him that he will drop all charges if they can prove to him that they are "fanboys". The group is individually quizzed, including questions designed to show that they do not know much about the opposite sex, after which the Head of Security confirms that they are fanboys and Lucas drops all charges. Being aware of Linus\'s illness, Lucas allows him to watch the film alone while his friends wait outside. After the film ends, Bottler joins his friends around a campfire and mends his friendship with Linus. On May 19, 1999, Bottler, Windows and Zoe emerge from their tent they used to camp out in while waiting in line for the first showing of Episode I. Linus has since died. It is revealed that Bottler followed his and Linus\'s dream by becoming a comic book artist, Hutch has finally started his own detailing business, and Windows and Zoe are now in a relationship. Hutch arrives at the theater with beers he smuggled in, which they use to toast to Linus\'s memory as Episode I begins. The film closes after Bottler comments "What if the movie sucks?"'] ['Bill Cosby plays Leonard Parker, a former CIA spy. According to the opening sequence of the movie, the title refers to the idea that this film is actually the sixth installment of a series of films featuring the adventures of Leonard, as parts one through five were locked up in the interests of world security. The movie starts with Parker being re-recruited by his former employers in the CIA to save the world from an evil vegetarian who brainwashes animals to kill people. The film ends with Leonard infiltrating the vegetarian base, fending off the vegetarians with magic meat he received from a Gypsy, freeing the captive animals and flooding the base using Alka-Seltzer. He escapes by riding an ostrich on the roof of the building, with the ostrich flying him down.'] ['The plot follows the backstage dramas of a theater company in turn of the century New York while it struggles to produce a new work.'] ["Dr. Mortimer Gangreen  escapes from prison and has set up a base at his assistant Igor's 'Really Big Castle' located outside Paris, France, and he is still bent on global domination. Using his Killer Tomatoes, Gangreen plans to stage a second French revolution according to an old prophecy written by Nicodemus, in which the king of France  will return to claim the throne. The only image of Louis XVII shows that he bears a close resemblance to Igor , and Gangreen plans to use this to his advantage to have Igor impersonate Louis XVII to claim the throne. The heroes of the film are a has-been TV actor named Michael  and Marie, the French girl he meets and falls in love with . As the Killer Tomatoes begin their attack on France, hoping to reach the outskirts of Paris, the true King returns, and faces a showdown with Igor as to who shall rightly become king. With the help of Michael and Marie, Louis triumphs, and Gangreen escapes in a tomato-shaped hot-air balloon, planning revenge and swearing to return in the next movie."] ["For centuries, the Countess has collected a stable of young men and women who will accompany her on her journey through eternal night-and youth. While she is immortal, she is required to drink the blood of a young male virgin three times by Halloween each year in order to keep her youthful appearance - a task she finds extremely difficult since attractive young male virgins are almost impossible to find in the 1980s, particularly in hedonistic cities, e.g. in this case Los Angeles. Meanwhile, high school student Mark Kendall wants to have sex, but is being put off by his girlfriend Robin Pierce. One night, Mark and his best friends Jamie and Russ go into a singles bar in Hollywood. Mark meets the Countess and he goes back to her mansion, and after she seduces him, he passes out when she bites his thigh. When he wakes up, she pretends they have had sex and tells him that he is now hers. Mark does not realize what she really means, and over the next few days he begins showing strange behavior; having strange dreams, avoiding direct sunlight and even drinking blood . After the Countess gets a second bite, Robin notices Mark's odd behavior and confronts the Countess during a dance-off at the high school's Halloween dance. While it appears that Robin has won back Mark, this is only temporary. The Countess kidnaps Robin in order to lure Mark to her mansion for a final bite before her deadline expires, and it is up to Robin, Jamie and Russ to stop her. Eventually, in order to save Mark from the Countess's clutches, he and Robin have sex in a coffin while being chased by the Countess's minions, thereby taking Mark's virginity, bringing him back to normal. This renders him useless to the Countess as she has to drink virgin blood. Defeated, the Countess then begins to grow old and decrepit before their very eyes. The Countess' assistant, Sebastian, tells her not to worry as there are other virgins in the world despite the fact that the Countess doubts she will find another virgin. The movie ends with Mark and Robin continuing to have sex in the coffin."] ['Charlie Hawkins  is the workaholic owner of thriving taxi company Speedee Taxis, but his wife Peggy  feels neglected by him. When Charlie misses their fifteenth wedding anniversary, because he\'s out cabbing, she decides to punish him. Telling Charlie that she\'s going to \'get a job\', she establishes a rival company, GlamCabs. The cars are brand new Ford Cortina Mk1\'s and driven by attractive girls in provocative uniforms. Flo, the girlfriend of one of Charlie\'s drivers, similarly neglected, gets the post of office manager. Charlie continues to coach his mainly inept  drivers, including accident-prone Terry "Pintpot" Tankard ([[Charles Hawtrey , whilst Peggy refuses to tell Charlie what her new \'job\' is. Charlie feigns a lack of interest, but he\'s dying to know. As Charlie unsuccessfully struggles to cope with his wife\'s absences, and realises just what she had to endure, Peggy\'s company becomes a thriving success due to the large number of male taxi passengers preferring to ogle her sexy drivers during journeys. Speedee rapidly starts losing money and faces bankruptcy. Peggy feels terrible for what she has done. Charlie and his drivers attempt to sabotage the rival company, but they are chased off. In desperation, Charlie suggests a merger with his rivals, but is furious to discover who the real owner is and storms off. A month later, Peggy is living at the office and Charlie has turned to drink, allowing his company to collapse around him. Peggy and Flo are hijacked by bank robbers. Peggy manages to use the taxi radio to subtly reveal their situation and location. Charlie intercepts the broadcast and rallies the other Speedee drivers in pursuit. The robbers are cornered and captured. Peggy and Charlie are reconciled, especially over the fact that she is expecting a baby.'] ['Two girls rediscover their love for playing rock , find a drummer and begin practicing. When one of their mothers intervenes, they run away from home and are forced to fend for themselves on the streets against gangs and rival bands. Soon they are discovered and taken under the wing of rock manager Johnny Tremaine  who uses them for sex and his own aspirations of wealth, and set out to get revenge on those who have wronged them, and rise to the top of the rock world.'] ["Very much the typical spoof the film includes all the typical elements of the James Bond films, an evil genius villain, car chases, helicopters, gadgets and beautiful women. The film involves a hazardous health clinic, the archetype villain's secret, console-crowded headquarters, as Agent 000  attempts to stop the masked villain's organisation  from turning the members of Finnish establishment into nudists, drunks or suicide candidates with a mind-control device. The parody content of the film is similar to that of Casino Royale starring David Niven and Peter Sellers."] ['{{plot}} Darryl Walker  is a clumsy nerdy repairman, who is a genius. Darrel had a pure heart and an optimstic Pollyannish personality. He is childishly naive to the realities of living in an inner city neighborhood. The area suffers from political corruption and the police are on strike. It takes the murder of his grandmother, an avid supporter of Alderman Marvin Harris\' anti corruption campaign for Mayor, by members of mobster Michael Minelli to awaken him to the realities of his city\'s urban decay. He expresses his frustrations by intervening in a situation and boldly saving an elderly transit passenger from being mugged, and by ranting about the general corruptible state that the city has become. Darryl was so pure and shielded from reality presumably because of his interest in inventing, that he does not even realize that there is a "crackhouse in front of our flat". He tries to storm into it unarmed and rebuke the gang members, oblivious to the hazardous stupidity of doing so. Awareness to the city\'s issues inspires Darryl to become Blankman. He uses his technical expertise to create weapons and gadgets. His brother Kevin, a tabloid news cameraman, goes along with this fantasy believing that it\'s Darryl\'s way to cope with the murder of his grandmother. He demands an audience with the police commissioner, but the police are not impressed with his actions, ridicule him, and arrest him for disturbing the peace. Darryl is released on orders to see a shrink. The shrink calls Darryl normal, but a geek, infuriating Kevin, who the shrink then attempts to psychoanalyze. After Darryl is nearly killed trying to protect a citizen on the street, Kevin tries to get him to tone his activities down, advising him to start a neighborhood watch. After he delivers a woman\'s baby in an elevator, he is asked for his name. Darryl just stares, and Kevin replies, "He\'s gone blank, ma\'am." Both the lady and the reporters interpret this as a name: Blankman. Over time he protects various other people in the community, building up a reputation and inspiring both the town and other real life superheroes. Kevin, hoping to win the affections of Kimberly Jonz, a reporter at his TV station, begs Darryl to allow her to interview him. He relents, on the condition that she wear a carnation. He brings her to his secret hideout, an abandoned subway station, and they talk about how he took up his duties to memorialize his grandmother and prevent crime. Impressed by his heroics and modesty, Kimberly immediately falls in love with Darryl and she kisses him causing him to have an erection. Mayor Harris, who refused Minelli\'s attempts at bribery, attempts to bring in outside money to pay the IOUs the city has been giving its workers. He also asks that Blankman be there to protect the people and receive a special award. As the money is released, Minelli\'s henchmen storm the bank and take the mayor hostage, threatening to detonate explosives. At the police chief\'s request and the crowd\'s chants, Blankman attempts to save the mayor, but is unable to disarm all the bombs. He reveals his identity to the mayor and tells him of his grandmother\'s support for the mayor. Mayor Harris wishes him well, warning him to run and says he will tell Mrs. Walker about Darryl. Blankman runs out screaming as the bank explodes. The crowd, seeing his failure, turn on him, chasing him down the street. Darryl then gives up his heroic works for a normal life, getting a job at a McDonald\'s. Wanting a great story Kevin\'s boss Jason Stone, a tabloid news junkie, manages to contact Minelli and trades knowledge of Blankman\'s love for Kimberly in exchange for an exclusive interview. In the midst of doing research on Minelli and Darryl\'s grandmother\'s death, Kimberly calls Kevin with the news. As Kevin answers, Minelli takes Kimberly hostage. Minelli issues a verbal threat to Kevin , telling him he will kill Kimberly if Blankman does not show up. Kevin rushes to Darryl\'s workplace with the news, but Darryl refuses to help wanting a normal life. Kevin finally convinces him with the news that Minelli had their grandmother killed and that he will wear the costume Darryl designed for him. The two rush to Darryl\'s underground lair where he again turns into Blankman. Kevin becomes his new sidekick but without a name. He just goes by "Other Guy". The two heroes then rush to the TV station. After shooting the reporter interviewing him, Minelli becomes fed up. While threatening Stone, Blankman and Other Guy crash through the window and attempt a rescue. The two engage in a fight with Minelli\'s goons, losing. They are placed in a water tank and left to slowly drown. Stone and Kimberly are chained to desks and left to die as Minelli has hidden bombs in the building. At this point, Blankman calls in J-5, his robot assistant, to save them. J-5 drills a hole in the tank and the pair kick their way to freedom at the last minute. The duo then search for the bombs, finding them in a women\'s bathroom. Activating J-5\'s "bomb disposal mode," Blankman stuffs the explosives inside and frees Kimberly. Stone is left behind, a joke Other Guy wants to play on his boss. Once outside, the explosives detonate, destroying J-5. Distraught, Blankman swears revenge. Tracking Minelli to his hideout in a factory, the two prepare for the final battle. Other Guy, however, is overconfident and is wounded because his costume is not bulletproof like Darryl\'s. Blankman then defeats Minelli\'s goons with his electric "newchucks" . Just when Minelli is about to kill Other Guy, Blankman activates his jet-powered roller blades and captures Minelli and delivers him to the police. Blankman is once again acknowledged as a hero  by the people, receiving the Mayor Harris Award for outstanding community service at a ceremony in their honor. Other Guy receives a Blankman t-shirt . After the ceremony, Kevin introduces Kimberly to "Darryl." The two make light conversation until Kimberly pretends to see a purse snatcher, putting Darryl on alert. Kimberly then reveals she knows that they are Blankman and Other Guy, and she kisses Darryl to prove it. Darryl falls to the ground after getting the same embarrassing reaction he had the first time while Kevin and Kimberly laugh at him. The film ends with a shot of a banner that reads "We Love You Blankman...and the Other Guy".'] ['The film opens with a scroll saying that when Alfred Hitchcock\'s film The Birds  was released, audiences laughed at the notion of birds revolting against humanity, but when an attack perpetrated by birds occurred in 1975, no one laughed. This is followed by a pre-credits sequence of a tomato rising out of a woman\'s garbage disposal unit. Her puzzlement turns into terror as the tomato draws her into a corner. Following the credits, the police investigate her death. One officer discovers that the red substance she is covered with is not blood, but tomato juice. A series of attacks perpetrated by tomatoes occur (including a man dying by drinking tomato juice made from a killer tomato, a boy heard being gobbled up by a killer tomato, and a sequence where the tomatoes attack innocent swimmers, in a parody of [[Jaws . While the President\'s press secretary Jim Richardson tries to convince the public that there is no credible threat, the president puts together a team of specialists to stop the tomatoes led by a Euro-American man named Mason Dixon. Dixon\'s team includes Sam Smith, a disguise expert who is seen at various points dressed as, among other things, George Washington, Abraham Lincoln and Adolf Hitler; Navy diver Greg Colburn; Olympic swimmer Gretta Attenbaum; and parachute-toting soldier Wilbur Finletter. Smith is sent out to infiltrate the tomatoes at a campfire, eventually blowing his cover while eating a hamburger and asking if anyone could "pass the ketchup." Colburn and Gretta are sent to sectors, while Finletter stays with Mason. Meanwhile, the president sends Richardson to the fictitious ad agency "Mind Makers," where executive Ted Swan spends huge amounts of money to develop virtually worthless ploys including a bumper sticker with "STP" for "Stop Tomato Program" on it, a satirical reference to both the real "whip inflation now" campaign with its widely ridiculed "WIN" slogan and STP motor oil decals and bumper stickers which were commonplace in the 1970s. It is revealed that a human is also plotting to stop Dixon when a masked assassin attempts to shoot him, but misses. A senate subcommittee meeting is held where one secret pamphlet is leaked to a newspaper editor who sends Lois Fairchild on the story. While she tails Finletter, he mistakes her for a spy and trashes a hotel room attempting to kill her. He then chases the assassin as the masked man fails again to kill Dixon, but loses him. Gretta is killed and further regression has led leaders to bring in tanks and soldiers to the west coast in a battle that leaves the American forces in shambles. Dixon, walking among the rubble, sees a trail of tomato juice and decides to investigate. He ends up being chased by a killer tomato to an apartment where an oblivious child is listening to the radio. The tomato is about to kill Dixon but suddenly flies out the window. Dixon peers out to see if it has died when he spots the assassin hijacking his car. He chases the assassin until he is knocked out when it is revealed that Richardson is behind the tomatoes. He is about to reveal his secret of control when Finletter charges in and runs him through. Dixon, picking up some strewn records, realizes that both times the tomatoes left him the new hit song "Puberty Love" had been on the radio. He orders Finletter to gather all remaining people and bring them to the stadium, which is soon attacked by the tomatoes. The tomatoes are cornered in a stadium. "Puberty Love" is played over the loudspeaker, causing the tomatoes to shrink and allowing the various people at the stadium to squash them by stomping on them repeatedly. Fairchild, meanwhile, is cornered by a giant tomato wearing earmuffs. Dixon saves her by showing the tomato the sheet music to "Puberty Love." He professes his love to her, in song. The film ends with a carrot that rises from the Earth and says "All right, you guys. They\'re gone now."'] ['The fictional European microstate of Lampidorra has "no taxes, no quotas, no tariffs, no forms to fill in". Its two thousand residents make their money from the national  profession of smuggling to and from its neighbors: France, Italy, and Switzerland. However, the country falls on hard times and becomes bankrupt. Like the later The Mouse that Roared, the small state seeks the financial support of the United States p. 60 Geraghty, Christine British Cinema in the Fifties: Gender, Genre and "the New Look" 2000 Routledge in the guise of a rich American who buys the whole country for $100,000. When he dies shortly afterward, Lampidorra is inherited by his distant relative, Lindy Smith , a Macys shopgirl. On the way to her new realm, Lindy meets Tony Craig , an inexperienced British salesman trying to sell cheese to the Swiss. When she arrives in Lampidorra, Lindy is met by the ruling triumvirate: the Chancellor , who is a cobbler, the Burgomeister , who is a policeman, and the Minister of Finance , who is a blacksmith. As her first royal decree, she outlaws smuggling. However, this exacerbates the financial crisis, as her inheritance will be tied up for at least six months by legalities. By chance, teetotaler Lindy gets a bit tipsy when she samples Lampidorran "schneese", a cheese made with Schnapps. She decides it would make a terrific export and has Tony brought to her to help market it. The alcoholic cheese is a sensation, but the other European nations soon respond to the threat to their own cheese industries by imposing tariffs. Lampidorra turns to its traditional smuggling expertise to avoid paying them. Tony falls in love with Lindy and proposes, but an intercepted telegram from his employer leads Lindy to wrongly suspect he is just after the secret recipe for schneese. The misunderstanding is eventually cleared up. In the end, Lindy finally receives her full inheritance, allowing her to bail out her subjects and depart with Tony.'] ['In Edwardian England, camp ornithologist Professor Inigo Tinkle  tells a less-than-raptured audience about his most recent ornithology expedition to the darkest, most barren regions of the African wilds in search for the legendary Oozlum bird, which is said to fly in ever decreasing circles until it disappears up its own rear end. Financing the expedition is Lady Evelyn Bagley  and the team are led by the fearless  Bill Boosey  and his slow-witted African guide Upsidaisi . Also on the expedition is Tinkle\'s idiotic assistant, Claude Chumley  and June , Lady Bagley\'s beautiful but unappreciated maidservant. The journey does not get off to a good start, with a mad gorilla terrorizing the campsite and the travellers\' realising they have ventured into the territory of the bloodthirsty "Noshas", a tribe of feared cannibals. On the first night of the expedition, at dinner Lady Bagley reveals that she has embarked on the journey to find her long-lost husband and baby son who vanished twenty years ago on their delayed honeymoon, whilst out on a walk. Her husband is believed to have been eaten by a crocodile, but she hopes to find her baby son, Cecil\'s, nappy pin as something to remember him by. What the group do not know is watching them from the bushes is named Ug , the bungling yet compassionate Tarzan-like jungle dweller that wears a loincloth and sandals. Ug has never before seen any other white people, especially a woman. The next day, June stumbles across a beautiful oasis where she saves Ug from drowning and the two begin to fall in love. That night, Ug wanders into camp and encounters Lady Bagley in her tent  and she is astonished to see that Ug is wearing Cecil\'s nappy pin, and that Ug is in fact her lost son Cecil. But before they can be reunited, Ug flees in fear and Lady Bagley faints with shock. The next day, the travelers are kidnapped by the Noshas, but manage to bribe their way out of being cannibalized by giving the tribal witch doctor Tinkle\'s pocket watch. Tinkle however delays and promises the witch doctor that their gods will bestow a sign of thanks upon them. Intending rescue, Ug accidentally catapults himself into the Nosha camp and starts a fire. In the chaos, Ug, June and Upsidaisi manage to escape but the enraged Noshas apprehend the other travelers and prepare to kill them. As they wait to be put to death, they are suddenly rescued by the all-female Lubby-Dubby tribe led by the stunning Leda  from the Lost World of Aphrodisia. They are taken to Aphrodisia and meet the king of the tribe Tonka who turns out to be Lady Bagley\'s missing husband Walter Bagley ([[Charles Hawtrey  who was taken by the Noshas years ago, but saved and brought to Aphrodisia by the tribal women. Evelyn Bagley is infuriated that he never bothered to search for their missing son and laments she has seen him but has once again lost him. June and Ug are revealed to be living happily together and June is teaching Ug to speak English. Bill Boosey, Prof. Tinkle and Chumley enjoy the attention given to them by the tribal women, and Tinkle and Chumley are stunned to find that their elusive Oozlum Bird is in fact a sacred animal to the Lubby-Dubby females. It transpires that the Lubby-Dubbies need the menfolk to save themselves from extinction, as no males have been born in Aphrodisia for over a century. The men think their dreams have come true....until Leda makes it clear that the Lubby-Dubby women have no intention of letting them go. Tonka implies that the last man who tried to escape Aphrodisia was murdered by the tribe. Three months pass and the men now hate the pressures forced on them by Leda, who in turn is outraged that none of the men\'s "mates" have gotten pregnant. She overthrows Tonka and assumes his place, threatening harm to the men. However Upsidaisi arrives disguised as a woman and says he has brought soldiers to save them. Ug and June also search for their friends and Ug summons a stampede of animals to create chaos and enable the men to get away. During the confusing, Tinkle snatches the Oozlum Bird and the team escape along with Tonka. After the chaos, Leda and her army chase after the men, but are more interested in the trampled soldiers. She says to let the others go not needing them now that they have "some real men." Lady Bagley is reunited with her beloved son and the group return to England. Tinkle unveils his Oozlum Bird to his audience....only to find it vanished up inside itself. June and Ug are happily married with a baby, and live in a treehouse in the suburb whilst Ug goes to work in only a bowler hat and suit.'] ['Zed  is a hunter and Oh  is a gatherer. After being informed that Zed ate from the Tree of Knowledge of Good and Evil, the shaman  and Marlak  banish him from the tribe. After Zed burns down the village by accident Oh decides to go with Zed on his journey to discover all the world has to offer. Along the way, they encounter Cain and Abel . Cain kills Abel and informs Zed and Oh that they must escape with him or else be accused of killing Abel. Afterwards, Zed and Oh find that the girls they want to "lay with", Maya  and Eema , from their former tribe have been captured and are being sold into slavery. They try to buy the girls\' freedom, but Cain ends up selling Zed and Oh. While being taken to a village by the owner with all the other slaves from their tribe, Sodomites attack and take the slaves prisoner, though Zed and Oh escape and hide in the desert, watching the Sodomites. The next morning, Zed and Oh discover that the Sodomites have left with the slaves. They head off to save the slaves. They come to a mountain and find Abraham  about to kill his son Isaac . Zed stops them, claiming that the Lord sent him to do so. Abraham takes them to his Hebrew village and tells them about the cities of Sodom and Gomorrah. Zed and Oh head off for Sodom after Abraham decides to circumcise them. As they arrive in Sodom, they are captured. Cain, now a Sodomite soldier, saves them from being sodomized, calling them "his brothers." The two recalled that they were sold by Cain as slaves and Cain apologizes and offers them food. While being given a tour of the city by Cain, Zed and Oh are offered by Cain to become guards. Shortly after they become guards and are patrolling the city they see the princess Inanna , who is fasting because she feels guilty that most of the city is starving. That night, at a party, Zed is invited by the princess to talk with her. Inside the palace, Zed sees Maya and Eema serving as slaves, while Oh is forced to follow the very effeminate high priest around the palace. Zed meets Princess Inanna and she asks him to enter the Holy of Holies and tell her what it is like, thinking that Zed is the "Chosen One." Inside the temple, Zed encounters Oh, who is hiding from the high priest . There, they get into a heated argument and are then imprisoned for going inside the temple. The two are sentenced to be stoned to death but Zed convinces the Sodomites to have mercy, so they are instead sentenced to hard labor until they die from work. The king then announces that he will be sacrificing his daughter and two virgins  as a gift to the gods. Zed interrupts the ceremony, claiming he is the "Chosen One." A riot starts, Oh saves Eema and Abraham arrives with the Hebrews to overthrow the king. Oh and Eema lay with each other inside the palace, which not only consummates their relationship, but also means that Eema cannot be sacrificed. They then come out to help Zed fight the soldiers . The crowd kills all the leaders and proclaim Zed as the Leader being the "Chosen One". Zed turns this down, letting Inanna rule, and instead becomes an explorer with Maya. Oh becomes the leader of the village where the whole adventure started. The two say their goodbyes and head their separate ways.'] ['Patsy Newquist is a 27-year-old interior designer who lives in a New York rife with street crime, noise, obscene phone calls, power blackouts and unsolved homicides. When she sees a defenseless man being attacked by street thugs, she intervenes, but is surprised when the passive victim doesn\'t even bother to thank her. She ends up attracted to the man, Alfred Chamberlain, a photographer, but finds that he is emotionally vacant, barely able to feel pain or pleasure. He permits muggers to beat him up until they get tired and go away. Patsy is accustomed to molding men into doing her bidding. Alfred is different. When she brings him home to meet her parents and brother, he is almost non-verbal, except to tell her that he doesn\'t care for families. He learns that Patsy had another brother who was murdered for no known reason. Patsy\'s eccentric family is surprised when she announces their intention to wed, then amazed when their marriage ceremony conducted by the atheistic Rev. Dupas turns into a free-for-all. Determined to discover why her new husband is the way he is, Patsy coaxes Alfred into traveling to Chicago to visit his parents. He hasn\'t seen them since he was 17, but asks them to help with a questionnaire about his childhood at Patsy\'s request. Alfred ultimately agrees to try to become Patsy\'s kind of man, the kind willing to "fight back." The instant that happens, a sniper\'s bullet kills Patsy, again for no apparent reason. A blood-splattered Alfred goes to her parents\' apartment, New Yorkers barely noticing his state. He descends into a silent stupor, Patsy\'s father even having to feed him. A ranting, disturbed police detective, Lt. Practice, drops by, almost unable to function due to the number of unsolved murders in the city. After he leaves, Alfred goes for a walk in the park. He returns with a rifle, which he doesn\'t know how to load. Patsy\'s father shows him how. Then the two of them, along with Patsy\'s brother, take turns shooting people down on the street.'] ['Morgan Delt is a failed irresponsible leftist artist and son of communist parents who own a fish & chips shop in downmarket London. The film starts off when his terribly upper class wife Leonie has given up on him and has just secured a divorce in order to marry Charles Napier, an art gallery owner of her own social standing. Given the innately rich and personal world of fantasy he has left himself locked into, Morgan goes off the deep end, enacting a series of bizarre stunts in a campaign to win Leonie back, including putting a skeleton in her bed and crashing her wedding dressed as a gorilla, for which scene Reisz borrows clips from from the original King Kong film to illustrate Morgan\'s fantasy world. Still failing to win her back, Morgan now secures the help of his mother\'s wrestler friend Wally "The Gorilla"  to kidnap Leonie, who still nurtures feelings of residual love tinged with pity for Morgan but in the end, Morgan is arrested and committed to an insane asylum, where a most pregnant Leonie visits him looking visibly terribly pregnant. In the flash of a wink from Leonie that tells him he is the child\'s father, Morgan\'s eyes and smile light up his sedated face with a malicious twinkle before he returns to tending a flowerbed as the camera pulls out to a longshot of the entire circular flowerbed -- with the enclosed flowers arranged into a hammer and sickle.'] ['The film is a satire of the women in prison film genre and deliberately implements many of the tropes commonly found in such films. Such scenes include nude shower scenes, fight scenes, and a suggested romantic relationship between one of the inmates and an administrator. The overall plot involves a new influx of girls coming to the school. They are immediately confronted with Charlie Chambliss  who is the de facto leader of the school and has an exceedingly close relationship with the head of the ward, Edna . Charlie and her circle are given special privileges by Edna and it is suggested that Charlie and Edna enjoy a more intimate relationship. Charlie runs a secret society of girls who are loyal to her and to whom she offers protection. The two main new girls break several of Edna\'s rules and are punished decisively for their infractions. Jenny  comes to the school after becoming mixed up in a shoot out. When she and another group of girls arive, they are forced to strip naked in front of the prison nurse and then take a shower, while being informed that they will be "inspected inside and out." Afterwards, they are forced to stand naked along a wall while the nurse sprays them with DDT delousing fluid. At one point while being deloused, the nurse tells the girls to "bend over...spread them wide", suggesting that the girls will be given their cavity checks. Jenny tries to break out after befriending a male driver with whom she has a romantic encounter in the back of his truck. She makes arrangements that he will drive her off the premises but is discovered by a guard and after a scuffle she is apprehended and immediately cast into isolation. Lisa  is a runaway who is captured and placed in the reform school. She suffers several losses while at the school including her stuffed bunny and a cat she tends to which was originally found while the girls were out performing hard labor. The cat is discovered by Edna in the dorms and she chases it until finally stomping it to death. Lisa is punished with isolation. After the death of her cat, Lisa attempts to climb to the top of the tower, followed closely by Edna. When she reaches the top she stumbles backward as Edna confronts her, breaks through the barriers and falls to her death. This causes Jenny to smash through a window which starts a riot which is only quelled when Warden Sutter  shoots a shotgun into the ceiling. The film culminates in a protest scene after Dr. Norton , a psychiatrist, forces a meeting of administrators over the conditions and treatment of inmates at the school. She intended to have Jenny testify but a doctor determines, despite all evidence to the contrary, that she is ill and will not be able to attend. Therefore, four other inmates are chosen and none of them has any complaints. During the meeting Jenny knocks out a guard and steals her keys which allows all the girls to march out into the main open area and voice their grudges. Edna, however, gets a hold of a gun and opens fire on them. Edna shoots Charlie and climbs up the tower from which Sutter has broadcast religious-oriented messages as the girls are going to sleep. Charlie climbs a fence and commandeers a school bus which she drives toward the tower with Edna standing at the top. Just before impact, Charlie leaps from the bus and it explodes as it hits the tower. The scorched body of Edna tumbles to the ground and many of the girls cheer. Charlie crawls and before she dies shouts out, "See you in hell!" to Edna. The final scene shows Jenny released and getting into a cab. She waves at Dr. Norton, who is implied to be in charge of the new, more benevolent order at the school, and three other girls who are still incarcerated.'] ["In 1998 Danny, Mitch, Gil and Rory, formerly known as long-forgotten, early 80's one-hit wonder The Suburbans, reunite to perform their only hit single at one of the band members' wedding. After the gig Cate, an up-and-coming record company executive, approaches them and suggests to shoot a pay per view reunion show that would eventually re-establish the band's claim to fame. The four, more reluctantly than not, agree and subsequently face the ramifications on their personal lives as the show's production contrasts their former rock 'n' roll image with their now middle-class, suburban life style. It soon becomes evident that Cate is probably the only remaining fan of the band, who, out of a personal interest in the matter, put her own career at stake."] ['The film deals with the mid-life crises of its two main protagonists, Mark  and Robert , fictionalized versions of the film\'s director and producer/writer. The two friends struggle with adult career and relationship problems, all the while defiantly clinging to the geeky science fiction pop culture of their youth and seeking advice from their greatest hero, William Shatner. Shatner plays a campy caricature of himself as he works on a one-man musical version of Julius Caesar in hopes of finally being taken seriously as a dramatist and musical performer. Hip-hop artist "The Rated R", joined by Shatner, provides the concluding musical number "No Tears for Caesar", a pastiche of famous lines from the play set to a rap rhythm. The film\'s score was produced by Scott Spock.'] ["When a government-built flying saucer is hijacked mid-flight by Jose Ortega, the exiled ruler for an outlaw nation, secret agent Matt Helm and the ship's former pilot Sheila Sommars are sent to recover it. Along the way, they must deal with Ortega's henchmen, Francesca Madeiros , who poses as a model and seduces Helm, an assassin named Nassim, plus a tough thug named Rocco."] ['In contrast to Buñuel\'s story, Savages starts when a tribe of primitive "mudpeople" performing a sacrifice encounter a croquet ball, rolling through their forest. Following it, they find themselves on a vast, deserted Westchester estate in the 1930s. Entering, they begin to become civilized and assume the stereotypical roles and dress of people at a weekend party. There follows an allegory of upper-class behavior. At last, they begin to devolve toward their original status, and after a battle at croquet, they disappear into the woods.'] ['Set in modern-day Manhattan, the film begins with the narrator  introducing two families: the Capulets and the Ques. At the center of these families are Tromeo Que and Juliet Capulet. Tromeo lives in squalor with his alcoholic father Monty and works at a tattoo parlor with his cousin Benny and friend Murray. Juliet is sequestered in her family’s mansion, watched over by her abusive father Cappy, passive mother Ingrid, and overprotective cousin Tyrone, all the while being sexually satisfied by family servant Ness . Both Tromeo and Juliet are trapped in cases of unrequited love: Tromeo lusts for the big-bosomed, promiscuous Rosie; Juliet is engaged to wealthy meat tycoon London Arbuckle as prelude to an arranged marriage. In the meantime, a bloody brawl between Murray and Sammy Capulet catches the attention of Detective Ernie Scalus, who gathers the heads of the two families together and declares that they will be held personally accountable for any further breaches of peace. Almost immediately afterwards, Monty and Cappy start threatening each other with weapons. Sammy gets caught in the window of Monty’s speeding car, where he is thrown head-first into a fire hydrant and  dies. On the insistence of Murray and Benny, Tromeo attends the Capulets\' masquerade ball in the hopes of meeting Rosie, only to find another man performing cunnilingus on her. Tromeo staggers around the party in disillusion until he locks eyes with those of Juliet. The two instantly fall for each other and share a dance until an angry Tyrone chases him out of the house. Tromeo and Juliet continue to be enamored by one another from afar. Cappy, disgusted at his daughter’s active libido, forcefully imprisons her in a plastic cage as punishment. Tromeo sneaks into the house of Capulet and the two meet once again. After proclaiming their love for each other both verbally and physically, they agree to be married. Juliet breaks her engagement with Arbuckle and, with the help of Father Lawrence, the two are married in secrecy the next day. Tyrone, upon discovering Juliet‘s secret affair, gathers his gang together and challenges Tromeo to a duel. Now a kinsman to the Capulets, Tromeo refuses to fight, suggesting to both sides to bring the lifelong feud to an end. Murray accepts the duel on Tromeo’s behalf and, in the ensuing brawl, is mortally wounded by Tyrone‘s club. Tromeo, enraged by his friend’s death, pursues Tyrone and slays him  and goes into hiding from the police. Learning that she is involved with Tromeo, Cappy savagely beats Juliet and forces her to reconcile with Arbuckle. Arbuckle accepts her re-proposal and the marriage is set. Juliet visits Father Lawrence, who reunites her with Tromeo and enlists the help of Fu Chang, the apothecary, who sells Juliet a special potion which will aide her predicament. On the day of her wedding, Juliet swallows the apothecary’s potion, transforming her into a hideous cow monster, complete with a three-foot penis. The mere sight of her causes Arbuckle to leap out of Juliet’s window in fright, committing suicide. Enraged over the loss of his would-be son-in-law and meat inheritance, Cappy attempts to rape and murder Juliet, but Tromeo arrives just in time, knocking Cappy unconscious and bringing Juliet’s appearance back to normal by a single kiss. Cappy awakens, taking both lovers captive by crossbow-point. While distracted, Juliet performs one last act of defiance against her father and electrocutes him. As Tromeo and Juliet leave the house of Capulet, they are confronted by Ingrid and Monty, who reveal to them the real reason behind the Capulet/Que feud: Long ago, Cappy and Monty were the owners of the successful Silky Films production company. Ingrid, married to Monty at time, struck up an affair with Cappy, eventually birthing a son which Monty raised as his own. Faced with a divorce from Ingrid and the threat of having his son taken away from him, Monty was forced to sign over all the rights of Silky Films to the Capulets in exchange for his son. After the initial shock at the revelation that they are siblings, Tromeo and Juliet are determined not to let their whole ordeal be for naught; they passionately embrace and drive off into the sunset. The film picks up six years later in Tromaville, New Jersey, where Tromeo and Juliet, now married, have become suburban yuppies with a house and  children of their own. The film ends with the narrator’s brief poem for the lovers: "And all of our hearts free to let all things base go/As taught by Juliet and her Tromeo". A brief shot of William Shakespeare laughing uproariously is shown before the end credits.'] ['{{Plot}} In Bedrock, a drunken and pregnant Toot is informed that someone has come to see her. The visitor turns out to be her old housemate Foxxy Love, who tries to tell her that their lives are in danger. This then flashes back to six months prior. Foxxy discovers that she can swear without being censored. When she discovers the show\'s control room, she realizes that the TV show Drawn Together has been cancelled. The housemates check their TV listings and find out that their time slot had been taken over by a TV show called "The Suck My Taint Show". Foxxy calls the network to find out why they were cancelled. The Network Head, upon hearing from Foxxy, learns that the housemates are still alive and summons I.S.R.A.E.L. , a robot designed specifically to erase cartoon characters. The Jew Producer warns the housemates before I.S.R.A.E.L. shows up, but he manages to escape just in time inside Foxxy\'s van. Once they escape from I.S.R.A.E.L., Foxxy insists that the way for them to survive is to get their TV show back on the air, and suggests that they can seek out the Suck My Taint Girl for help. Clara, refusing to believe that she is not a real princess, wants to return to her kingdom, claiming that her father can protect them. Captain Hero, Xandir, and Ling-Ling decide to go with Clara, while Spanky and Wooldoor decide to go with Foxxy to try to get their show back on the air. While the others are arguing, Toot steals the van and drives off alone. Back at the network, the Jew Producer tells the Network Head that he cannot bring himself to have the housemates erased, having become attached to them. The Jew Producer states that he will not help the Network Head with his mission, but the Network Head reveals that he has kidnapped the Jew Producer\'s son as a threat. The Jew Producer reluctantly agrees to help, and he and I.S.R.A.E.L. take off in pursuit of the housemates once again. Clara, Hero, Molly , Xandir, and Ling-Ling arrive at Clara\'s kingdom, expecting to find refuge. However, nobody there seems to recognize Clara. She encounters the king of the land, who is not her father, and even more shockingly, she sees a woman who appears to be the "real" princess. The guards end up killing Clara, but the other three manage to escape. Meanwhile, Foxxy, Spanky, and Wooldoor visit the set of The Suck My Taint Show and meet the Suck My Taint Girl, who reveals herself to be a fan of the housemates\' show. She tells the group that they were cancelled because vulgar and offensive content is only acceptable when your show "makes a point", and that if they want to get Drawn Together back on the air, they will need to get a point, which they can do by making a visit to Make-A-Point Land. She tells Foxxy that if she will bring the rest of the Drawn Together gang to meet her, she will take them to Make-A-Point Land. After tracking down the others, the remaining group return to the set of The Suck My Taint Show. The Suck My Taint Girl agrees to take the rest of the group to Make-A-Point Land so they can get a point. The wizard of Make-A-Point Land agrees to give the group a point, and presents them with a box containing said point. Spanky protests by claiming that they should not open the box; that he is happier being disgusting for no reason. Some others agree with Spanky. Wooldoor disagrees, determined to get back on the air. He opens the box to find out it contains an eraser bomb which erases him from existence. The wizard explains he was forced to give them the box with an eraser bomb. It is then that the Network Head, the Jew Producer, and I.S.R.A.E.L. show up to erase the remaining cast. Foxxy asks how they knew they were going to the palace, and the Suck My Taint Girl reveals that she blackmailed them and is the Network Head\'s wife. I.S.R.A.E.L. prepares to kill the housemates, but The Jew Producer manages to convince I.S.R.A.E.L. that they have a right to exist as she does. She then impales the Network Head on a spike. The Network Head then opens his coat to reveal that he had enough explosive erasers strapped to his waist to destroy all of Make-A-Point Land. As The Network Head drops the remote to explode Make-A-Point Land, The Suck My Taint Girl tries to grab it, but the Jew Producer dives on top of her to stop her. The housemates then make a getaway. The Jew Producer and the Suck My Taint Girl struggle for possession of the detonator, in the process dropping it, erasing all of Make-A-Point Land, including themselves. The housemates make it out just in time. The housemates visit the remains of the erased Drawn Together house. The Jew Producer\'s son shows up to inform them that he might be able to help them by giving them a direct-to-DVD movie. Everyone happily laughs until Spanky accidentally steps on an eraser bomb caught in the ground, erasing them all from existence.'] ['Ali G  is the leader of Da West Staines Massiv, a fictional gang composed of a group of wannabe gangsters from Staines ; their chief rivals are Da East Staines Massiv. Ali and Da West Staines Massiv are heartbroken to learn that their beloved local leisure centre  will be demolished by the local council. Ali and his friends decide to protest this injustice. After he goes on a hunger strike and is spotted chained to some railings by the nefarious Chancellor of the Exchequer/Deputy Prime Minister David Carlton , he is drawn into a world of seedy political intrigue, as the Deputy Prime Minister tries to use Ali as a tool to destroy the Prime Minister\'s credibility. Ali is put forward as a candidate to be the next MP for Staines in a crucial by-election and manages to alienate most who cross his path, including feminists and the elderly. During a debate with his rival candidate, Ali tries to insult his rival by claiming that he "sucked off a horse". Unknown to Ali and the public, it turns out that the rival did indeed do such a thing, and trying to explain it away, he claims when he was out hunting with a friend he slipped, and his mouth landed on a horse\'s penis, which due to the mating season was erect. Ali then wins. Although originally seeming out of his depth as a Member of Parliament, Ali\'s bizarre behaviour and solutions seem to actually work. He visits a Customs checkpoint in Dover, as a delegate compiling a report . Through ideas such as making more "relatable" education and selectively ensuring the immigration of attractive  women into the UK, Ali becomes incredibly popular, meeting the Prime Minister\'s intentions and bringing his percentage lead in the polls up twenty two percent. With this the Prime Minister offers to save Ali\'s leisure centre. First though, Ali accompanies the Prime Minister to a United Nations peace conference to avert war between the French-speaking African nations of Chad and Burkina Faso. The United States and Russia back opposite countries and both threaten nuclear attacks. It gets to the point where World War III is almost declared when Ali sneaks into the catering area and puts an entire bag of marijuana, which he had stolen from Customs earlier, into the delegates\' tea and orders that they be served it right away. He throws the empty bag into a nearby rubbish bin. A side-effect is that the two opposing African presidents become allies . The Prime Minister says that Ali has saved the world. However, Carlton\'s secretary Kate Hedges figures out what Ali has done and retrieves the empty marijuana bag , which she mails to the press. Upon his return to the UK, Ali is forced to leave parliament. Before the Leisure Centre can be saved, a video emerges of Ali and his girlfriend having sex in the Prime Minister\'s bedroom at Chequers. As Ali was wearing items of the Prime Minister\'s clothing at the time, the media believe the video details the Prime Minister with a prostitute, forcing his resignation. This results in Deputy Prime Minister David Carlton being made Prime Minister. Carlton, who despises Ali, orders the destruction of the aforementioned leisure centre. He has also bought all available real estate in Staines in the knowledge that the town is to be destroyed to make way for a new terminal for Heathrow Airport, which will make him super wealthy. After turning down an offer to have sex with Kate Hedges, in exchange for "keeping his mouth shut" about the videotape, Ali and the West Staines Massiv must race against time to find the master copy of the CCTV tape proving the former Prime Minister\'s innocence, extending the olive branch to all the gangs all over Staines and neighbouring Berkshire  to help them break into the vaults and retrieve the said tape. They do this successfully and manage to reinstate the original Prime Minister, save the Leisure Centre, and all live happily ever after when Ali is posted as the British ambassador to Jamaica. Staines is saved from destruction, with the reinstated Prime Minister declaring that Slough is to be destroyed instead. This film features one of Baron Cohen\'s other character, Borat Sagdiyev, in a meeting with Ali G, where a double was used for different shots.'] ["Patricia Porker  is a shy New Jersey high school girl whose life is changed forever when she is bitten by a genetically-engineered spider and turns into a wall-climbing beauty with superhuman strength. Calling herself SpiderBabe, she uses her newfound powers to enter a wrestling contest and win enough money to move out of her Uncle Flem and Aunt Maybe's home and into her own apartment with Lisa Knox . However, a robber interferes and inspires Patricia to fight crime in New York City. Meanwhile, Lisa's ambitious sister, Lucinda Knox , uses the same genetic engineering techniques that Patricia's science teacher, Dr. Dowell , had used on a spider on herself, and gains a villainous alter-ego, the sexy and evil genius Femtilian. Like Norman Osborn  in the original movie which this one spoofs, Femtilian sets out on a quest for world domination which brings her into conflict with the heroic SpiderBabe."] ['At the beginning of the film, Frankie Wilde is a wildly successful DJ on the party island of Ibiza. He has a recording contract, performs at high-profile nightclubs, and lives in a luxurious villa with his trophy wife, Sonya, and their son. In talking head sequences, contemporary DJs laud Frankie\'s turntable skills during this period. It is also evident that Frankie has cocaine and alcohol addictions . His career is increasingly guided by egotistical, insensitive super-agent Max Haggar.  Frankie\'s loss of hearing is first apparent when he hears a high-pitched whine instead of an Arsenal football match on TV. At this time, Frankie is making his next album with his "two Austrian mates" Alfonse and Horst, who seem more suited for a rock band. Frankie continues working on his album and playing gigs at clubs, but his hearing degrades rapidly. As a result, progress on his album stagnates. However, Frankie refuses to acknowledge his problem until a gig in Amnesia, when he cannot hear the second channel in his headphones and must crossfade one song into the next without being able to beatmatch them. The result sounds terrible, and the crowd boos him. Overcome with fear and frustration, he throws the turntable and the mixer onto the dance floor, and is forcibly removed from the club. The next day, Max confronts Frankie about the performance. Frankie agrees to see a doctor, who tells him he\'s lost hearing in one ear and has 20% left in the other. He warns Frankie that unless he stops abusing drugs and listening to loud noises, he will soon be completely deaf. Even the use of his hearing aid would only further degrade his hearing. Then, during a recording session, Frankie confesses the full nature of his hearing loss to Alfonse. He inserts his hearing aid to demonstrate, and, overwhelmed by the sudden sound exposure, leans close to one of the monitor speakers. Before he can react, however, a frustrated Horst smashes a guitar into an amplifier whose volume Frankie has maximized. The noise is excruciating, and the feedback knocks Frankie unconscious. The damage leaves him permanently deaf. Without his hearing, Frankie cannot complete his album. He loses his recording contract, and Max abandons him. Soon after, Sonya leaves him. The talking head sequences describe this period as his darkest hour, in which he shuts himself into his home, which he has "soundproofed" with pillows in a desperate bid to recover his hearing. His drug use intensifies, and he appears to be heavily depressed. In one scene, he repeatedly throws his body against the walls. In other, he wraps Roman candles around his head, either an attempt at suicide or a drastic way to recover his hearing, but dives into the pool before they ignite.  In a culmination moment of the movie, Frankie flushes all his drugs down a toilet, only to be faced with the vision of the menacing badger again. The two begin to scuffle, with Frankie eventually gaining the upper hand and beating the badger with a shovel, then grabbing a shotgun and shooting it, upon which the badger begins to bleed cocaine. Frankie then grabs the dying badger\'s head, and removes it, only to reveal that the badger is, in fact, himself. He then shoots the dying vision of himself in the head. After this dark period, Frankie finds a deaf organization and meets Penelope, an instructor for the deaf who coaches him in lip-reading. They become close, and eventually intimate. He confides his unhappiness at losing music, and she helps him perceive sound through visual and tactile methods instead. Frankie then manages to devise a system for mixing songs, in which he watches an oscilloscope trace while resting his feet on the pulsating speakers, a callback to an earlier claim he made in the film about flip flops. Using this system, he heads to the studio and manages to produce new mix CD  entirely by himself. He delivers it to Max, who is wildly pleased – particularly by the potential of using Frankie\'s disability to increase record sales. He has Frankie take part in advertising and promotional deals which are increasingly offensive and insensitive to deaf people, which Penelope silently disapproves of. He also treats Penelope like he did Sonya; as Frankie\'s sexual object, not recognizing her substantial role in Frankie\'s life. In general, Max tends to patronizingly characterize the deaf as pained, helpless victims desperate for a deaf role model. Max convinces Frankie to play live at Pacha as a career comeback. He thinks it is an opportunity for Frankie to prove himself to others, despite Frankie\'s insistence that he has nothing to prove to his critics. The gig goes exceedingly well, and many claim it showcases even greater talent than his early work. After the show, Frankie and Penelope disappear from Max, the media, and the music scene altogether. In a talking heads sequence, characters speculate on where he is now . As the film ends, we see Frankie disguised as a homeless street musician, who is then met by Penelope and a child . They affectionately walk together down a street unrecognized. Additionally, we see Frankie teaching a group of deaf children how to perceive sound like he does.'] ['The film revolves around Joe Young , a Mormon missionary, who gets talked into starring in a porno movie by the famous porn director Maxxx Orbison  in order to earn enough money to marry his fiancee Lisa . In the eponymous movie-within-the-movie, he plays a superhero named "Orgazmo" who fights crime with his sidekick "Choda Boy" played by Ben Chapleski  using his signature weapon, the "Orgazmorator", a device that forcefully triggers climax in those he uses it on. Following an agreement with the director, Joe acts and fights while a "stunt cock" does the rest. Orgazmo goes on to be a smash hit, becoming the single highest grossing pornographic film ever, and even earning a place in mainstream theaters, and the director decides to exploit the missionary and make the movie into a series. Joe\'s fiancee returns to L.A to find a tape of Orgazmo playing on a TV in a video store . She is shocked at Joe. Joe\'s fiancée is upset at his role in the film and leaves, but is kidnapped by the director to ensure Joe\'s participation in further filming. Joe decides to fight back using a real Orgazmorator invented by Ben, which gives him the powers his character reportedly had. He uses these powers to bring down the corrupt filmmaker and rescue his fiancée. The film wraps up with Lisa, seeing Ben\'s distress at the thought of his friend moving back to Utah, declaring that Joe must stay and fight crime with him. Ben, after a prayer from Joe, concludes by saying, "God bless us, everyone" . In the film\'s final scene, Orbison is told that his testicles will have to be removed after a number of Orgasmorator-induced orgasms caused them to swell massively. He swears revenge on Orgazmo, vowing to become another character from the porno movies&nbsp;— Orgazmo\'s arch-nemesis, Neutered Man.'] ['{{Plot}} Dr. Michael Hfuhruhurr , a widowed brain surgeon renowned for inventing a method of \'cranial screw-top\' brain surgery, saves the life of Dolores Benedict , a gold-digging femme fatale who is accidentally run over by Hfuhruhurr when fleeing the scene of her latest husband\'s fatal coronary . As she recovers, Hfuhruhurr falls in love with her and they marry. However, trouble seems to begin right after he carries her over the threshold; Dolores torments Michael by pretending to be too ill to consummate the marriage, driving him into a frenzy of frustration. On a honeymoon/business trip to a medical conference in Vienna, a city living in fear of the serial "Elevator Killer", Hfuhruhurr meets mad scientist Dr. Alfred Necessiter ([[David Warner , who has created a radical new technique enabling him to store living brains in liquid-filled jars. After learning that his adored new wife is really "a cheap, vulgar slut," Hfuhruhurr discovers he can communicate telepathically with one of Necessiter\'s brains, that of Anne Uumellmahaye . Hfuhruhurr and the disembodied brain immediately fall in love. Eventually Dolores catches on to this when she spots him in a rowboat with Anne, and attempts to kill Anne, causing Michael to literally toss Dolores out of his house and into the mud, yelling that Dolores is out of his life and will never get a penny of his hard-earned millions. The convergence of a sudden rush of random murders and the possibility of brain transplantation causes Hfuhruhurr to speculate about how he might improve his lot in life. At first he consults with Dr. Necessiter on the basis his brain ought to be transplanted into a tank, but Necessiter informs him that brains in tanks do not actually survive for long, with Anne being his longest-lived brain to date, and instead recommends transplanting the brain into a recently deceased woman. As Hfuhruhurr searches for a female to kill so he can have the beloved brain implanted into a human body, he realizes that he is unable to kill. He professes this to the surgeon, who tells Hfuhruhurr that as a last resort he can implant the brain into a gorilla that he keeps in his laboratory. After giving this idea serious consideration for several seconds, Hfuhruhurr replies "I couldn\'t fuck a gorilla!" Determined to find a body for Anne, Hfuhruhurr drives to the city center with a syringe filled with window cleaner, the substance used by the Elevator Killer to kill his victims, and selects a prostitute with a squeaky voice to kill and take her body. However, after taking the hooker to her room, he realizes that if he were to do this, Anne would have a very high voice , thus Hfuhruhurr concludes that it is not worth the risk to murder her and leaves. Stepping into the elevator, he finds that Dolores has just been murdered by the Elevator Killer, who turns out to be Merv Griffin. Hfuhruhurr hurriedly takes Dolores\'s body to Necessiter\'s lab, but is stopped by the Austrian Police, who thinks that Michael was drunk driving. Michael explains to the police that he was driving sober, but Dolores is passed out from being drunk. After Hfuhruhurr passes a sobriety test , the police are convinced Michael was driving sober and send him on his way. However, as he drives away Dolores\' lifeless body flails, causing the police to correctly see that Dolores is not drunk, but dead, and promptly pursue Hfuhruhurr for murder. Hfuhruhurr makes it to the lab and Necessiter transfers Anne\'s consciousness to Dolores\'s body, which is viewed by the stunned policemen. However, in the process, Hfuhruhurr is electrically shocked by the equipment  and falls into a coma. Waking up six weeks later, back in his hometown, Hfuhruhurr finally meets up with Anne in Dolores\'s body. Anne reveals that her former body was that of a fat woman, and that she has gained considerable weight in her new body. However, Hfuhrhurr loves Anne for who she is, and takes no notice of her girth. They are married shortly thereafter, and reenact the previous over-the-threshold scene. The film ends with a request for the audience to report the whereabouts of Merv Griffin if they see him at large.'] ['The movie opens outside of a building where terrorists are holding hostages and a nuclear bomb. The Reno Sheriff\'s Department arrives in a helicopter to handle the situation. The main characters come off the helicopter wearing their tactical suits and carrying guns and ammo, except for Dep. Clementine Johnson , who is wearing skimpy lingerie under a trench coat. As the Sheriff\'s Department prepares for the mission, the agents overseeing the action notice their commanding officer is missing. Lt. Jim Dangle ([[Thomas Lennon  bursts into the scene on a motorcycle, wearing his trademark hot pants, only to crash after jumping a police car. Deputy Travis Junior  then wakes up and realizes it was all a dream. He realizes that he was driving, and both he and Dangle crash through a construction site into a port-a-john. The film continues with introductory clips of the officers, telling how they became interested in law enforcement, à la COPS. After a scene involving a chicken in the road miscoded as an "armed person on a roof", Lt. Dangle tells everyone that they have been invited to the American Police Convention in Miami Beach, but after the 35 hour bus ride, the group realizes their names are not on the entrance list, so they can not get their entrance passes or hotel keys. They end up booking rooms at a motel downtown, which seems to be a hub of illegal activity. That night, the police officers change into skimpy clothing and attempt to seduce one another with alcohol. As all are unsuccessful, they turn to self-pleasure. This prompts a disgusted Jones to run away, as he sees everyone through their open windows. After everyone recovers from their hangovers , the team goes to the convention site to see if their tickets were found. When they get there they see that the entire building has been blocked off and covered because of a bio-chemical terrorist attack. The only people left outside are the HazMAT people, National Security, and assistant deputy mayor Jeff Spoder . The head of National Security tells the Reno Sheriffs Department that since they are the only Police officers available, they will have to provide law enforcement for all of Miami Beach. A high-ranking SWAT agent  arrives on the scene, but he ends up blowing himself up when he tries to show the team how to handle a grenade. The team arrives at the Miami Beach Sheriff\'s Department and finds that everything there is a lot better than what they have in Reno, including the squad cars; Miami Beach Sheriff Deputies ride in 2006 Mustangs instead of old Crown Victorias. The team responds to several emergency calls, which include an alligator in a swimming pool , street prostitution , and a dead beached whale, which they decide to remove by blowing up the whale and chunks of flesh fly everywhere. As usual, the team has fun with their antics around the city. They find out that the person who poisoned all the police officers at the convention was Jeff. His plan was to gang up with Ethan the drug lord , who pretends to be Cuban but is really from Colorado and take over Miami Beach. Jeff kills the drug lord when he is discovered and runs off with the antidote. The team chases him down on golf carts and just as they are about to get beaten in a showdown on a bridge, Jones and Garcia show up in a Marine helicopter and the acting Mayor gives up. Lt. Dangle puts him under arrest and in a squad car when Trudy, who is in the AH-1 Cobra helicopter, accidentally fires one of the missiles into that same squad car. The next day, all the law enforcement officers receive the antidote. All of the officers clap and congratulate the Reno Sheriff\'s Department on their work done well. Lt. Dangle gets a job offer from the Aspen, Colorado, Sheriff\'s Department  and accepts. He tells the team that while he has enjoyed working with them, he is leaving. The team is about to board the bus when Terry tells them that he has got a jet. He offers them a ride in his jet and claims that his limo is just about to arrive to take him to the airport. No one believes him until a limo drives up to pick up Terry. In awe, they all ride with Terry in the limo to the jet and apologize for not believing him. Back in Reno, Garcia briefs the team. The door opens, interrupting his talk, and Dangle walks up to take the briefing sheets from Garcia. Apparently, the Aspen Sheriff\'s Department found out Dangle was gay and have a strict policy against hiring homosexuals. Trudy goes up to Dangle, cups his private parts, and tells them that he actually came back for her. With that said, Dangle continues the briefing, revealing that the Reno Sheriffs Department has been invited the National Police Convention at Scotland Yard. The movie ends with everyone cheering.'] ['In 1958, the town of Centerville, Illinois was invaded by a race of aliens, who had the power to fire lasers from their eyes and hands, and could "crystallize" humans into glowing blue orbs. They took on the form of the humans who were either captured or, presumably, killed. Twenty five years later, university lecturer Charles Bigelow  learns that his ex-wife, Margaret Newman , has disappeared while attending her mother\'s funeral in Centerville, and travels there to find her. The disguised aliens are all dressed in 1950s clothing, and try to capture Bigelow as he escapes, but only capture his dog, Louie. Seeing a photo of an alien in a tabloid magazine, Bigelow soon finds Margaret, who is now revealed to be one of the aliens. She warns Bigelow to escape with Elizabeth , their human/alien hybrid daughter, to protect her from the aliens, who want to take her to their home-world. Bigelow and his daughter Elizabeth escape from the departing alien ship and the town-folk blue orbs are transformed back to their original human forms.'] ["Kenneth Magee, a young writer, bets $20,000 that he can write a Wuthering Heights-caliber novel in 24 hours. To get in the mood for the undertaking, he goes to a deserted Welsh manor. Upon his arrival, however, Magee discovers that the manor is not as empty as he was told. Still there are Lord Grisbane and his daughter, Victoria, who have been maintaining the mansion on their own. As the stormy night progresses, more people come to the mansion, including Lord Grisbane's sons Lionel and Sebastian, Magee's publisher's secretary, Mary Norton, and Corrigan, a potential buyer of the property. After much coaxing, the Grisbanes reveal that they are here to release their brother, Roderick, who was imprisoned in his room for 40 years because he seduced a village girl when he was 14 and killed her when he found out she was pregnant. When they go to release him, they find the room empty and conclude that he broke out recently by breaking the bars in front of the window. Moments later, Lord Grisbane has a fatal heart attack. As Magee talks about getting the police, screams are heard and they find Victoria strangled to death. When Corrigan, Magee, and Mary decide to leave, they discover all of their cars have slashed tires. Soon, Diane and Andrew, a young couple who Magee met at the train station, arrive seeking shelter from the storm. They are soon killed when Diane washes her face with water that has been replaced by acid and Andrew drinks poisoned punch. The remaining five decide to find Roderick and kill him before he kills them. Magee, Sebastian, and Mary search a series of tunnels behind a bookcase. During their search, they get separated and Sebastian is hanged to death from the ceiling. Mary makes it back to Corrigan and Lionel while Magee remains lost in the tunnels. Corrigan soon reveals that he, in fact, is Roderick and that he escaped his prison decades ago, but returns every now and then to make them think he was still trapped. He then proceeds to kill Lionel with a battle axe and chase Mary throughout the manor. Magee soon finds then them and after the ensuing fight, knocks Roderick down the stairs; during the fall, Roderick accidentally stabs himself with the axe. As Roderick is dying, his victims suddenly walk into the room, very much alive; it is revealed that all it was a joke put on by Magee's publisher. The next morning, Magee finishes his novel and returns to give it to his publisher. When his publisher gives him his $20,000 he proceeds to rip it up, as he has learned that some things are more important than money."] ['Evie Harris  is a washed-up, alcoholic, aging C-List actress (star of kinetoscope, stage, television, and film in such works as the TV special "Christmas Evie," vaudeville-era appearances promoting \'Dr. Vim\'s Miracle Elixir,\' "Court TV: Celebrities Who Kill," [[Tabitha . She lives in a tackily out-of-style bungalow with Coco , a homely, lonely, doormat of a spinster who carries a torch for the handsome young doctor who performed her abortion years ago. Evie\'s life is turned upside-down by the arrival of a new roommate, Varla Simonds , the voracious, starry-eyed daughter of Evie\'s rival, late actress Marla Simonds . Evie acts very competitive around Varla, especially as she recognizes the growing chemistry between the young up-and-comer and her sweet, handsome and microscopically endowed son and "ambulance chasing" lawyer, Stevie . When Varla snags a plum starring role in commercials for "Bizzy Gal dinners," tensions and jealousies amongst the three women reach a boiling point and treachery soon rears its ugly head.'] ["While attending a preview of the film Stab, a film within a film based on the Woodsboro murders depicted in Scream, college student Phil Stevens and his girlfriend Maureen Evans, are both killed by Ghostface, though the onlookers at the theater witness Maureen's death and believe it to be a publicity stunt until she dies before them. The following day, the news media, including local journalist Debbie Salt, descends on Windsor College where Sidney Prescott now studies alongside her fellow Woodsboro survivor Randy, her boyfriend Derek, her classmate Mickey, and her best friend Hallie. Sidney receives prank calls, but is oblivious to the killings until someone tells her to watch the news. Two other Woodsboro survivors arrive at the campus: officer Dewey Riley to help Sidney, and reporter Gale Weathers to cover the case. Gale tries to stage a confrontation between Sidney and Cotton Weary - who is attempting to gain fame from his exoneration for the murder of Sidney's mother. Sidney angrily hits Gale. Later that night, Sidney unwillingly goes to a party with Hallie. At a sorority house, Ghostface kills fellow student Cici. He then crashes the party and attempts to murder Sidney, though Derek intervenes. The killer injures Derek, but Dewey and the police arrive, causing the killer to flee. The next day, Gale discusses the case with the police. Upon realizing that Cici's real name is Casey, she concludes that the killer is a copycat who targets students whose names are shared with the Woodsboro murder victims. While Gale is talking to Dewey and Randy on the campus lawn, she receives a call from Ghostface hinting that he sees what they are doing. Dewey, Randy, and Gale deduce that he is on the campus, watching them. They search for him, but Randy, who tries to keep the killer on the phone, is dragged into Gale's broadcast van and stabbed to death. In the wake of the escarlating murders, two officers prepare to take Sidney and Hallie to safety, but the killer ambushes them and kill the two officers. In the ensuing struggle, Ghostface is knocked unconscious. Sidney insists on seeing Ghostface's true identity under the mask, while Hallie insists they escape. Before they can see his face, Ghostface wakes up and kill Hallie. Sidney flees. Dewey and Gale review the tape of Ghostface killing Randy, hoping to find some clues, but the killer attacks them and seemingly kill Dewey. Gale hides and eventually escapes. Sidney finds Derek bound to a stage prop and is confronted by Ghostface. He reveals himself as Mickey and kills Derek. Mickey details his plan to be caught and become famous in the ensuing trial. He announces his accomplice, Debbie Salt, who arrives holding Gale at gun point. Sidney recognizes that Salt is actually Mrs. Loomis, the mother of Billy Loomis seeking revenge for her son's death. Mrs. Loomis betrays Mickey and shoots him. Mickey shoots Gale before he collapses. Sidney and Mrs. Loomis fight until Cotton intervenes and shoots Mrs. Loomis. As they wait to see if Mrs. Loomis is truly dead, they find Gale still alive. Mickey suddenly leaps to his feet and is shot to death by Sidney and Gale. Sidney then turns and shoots Mrs Loomis in the head, 'just in case'. When the police arrive, Gale finds Dewey to be injured but alive and accompanies him to the hospital. Sidney instructs the press to direct questions to Cotton, rewarding him with the fame he has been chasing while removing the attention from herself."] ["Plagued by malpractice lawyers, bureaucratic health insurance companies, uninsured patients, and stressed out doctors, the health care system is on the verge of a total breakdown. As a cost-cutting measure at its hospitals, R.I.P Healthcare has developed the perfect android doctor, MD 63 . RoboDoc’s success would bring flawless, affordable health care to all. However, a malpractice lawyer begins to look at RoboDoc a different way. If he can't make a mistake, then there will be no malpractice happening and no one would get sued. So now, he tries to destroy RoboDoc for all its worth."] ['A committee of independent U.S. political party leaders have gathered to join forces and select a candidate for the upcoming presidential election. One of the committee members flippantly suggests nominating Linda Lovelace. The committee approaches the porn star, who agrees to be the flag bearer of the newly formed Upright Party. Lovelace’s campaign takes her on a cross-country tour, where she meets voters in stops ranging from crowded big cities to isolated rural towns. Lovelace’s popularity, however, threatens the Washington, D.C., establishment, and her political rivals dispatch a hit man known as The Assassinator to bring a fatal end to the Lovelace campaign.“Linda Lovelace for President,” New York Times'] ['Marvin Lucas , a political election specialist, must find a Democratic candidate to unseat California U.S. Senator Crocker Jarmon, a popular Republican. With no big-name Democrat eager to enter the seemingly unwinnable race, Lucas seeks out Bill McKay , the idealistic, charismatic son of former governor John J. McKay . Lucas gives McKay a proposition: Jarmon cannot lose and, since the race is already decided, McKay is free to campaign saying exactly what he wants. McKay accepts to have the chance to spread his values, and hits the trail. With no serious Democratic opposition, McKay cruises to the nomination on his name alone. Lucas then has distressing news: according to the latest election projections, McKay will be defeated by an overwhelming margin. McKay counted on losing but not on being humiliated, so he broadens his message to appeal to more voters. McKay campaigns across the state, his message growing more generic each day. This approach lifts him in the opinion polls, but he has a new problem: Because McKay\'s father has stayed out of the race, the media speculates his silence is an endorsement of Jarmon. McKay begrudgingly meets his father and tells him the problem, and the elder McKay tells the media he is simply honoring his son\'s wishes to stay out of the race. McKay continues to gain in the polls until he is only nine points down. Jarmon then proposes a debate. McKay agrees to give tailored answers, but just as the debate is ending, McKay has a pang of conscience and blurts out that the debate addressed no real issues, such as poverty and race relations. Lucas is furious, as this will hurt the campaign. The media try to confront McKay backstage, but arrive as his father congratulates him on the debate; instead of reporting on McKay\'s outburst, the story becomes the reemergence of the former governor to help his son. The positive story, coupled with McKay\'s father\'s help on the trail, further closes the polling gap. On election day, McKay wins. In one of the movie\'s famous scenes, he escapes the victory party and pulls Lucas into a room while throngs of journalists clamor outside. McKay asks Lucas, "Marvin ... What do we do now?" The media throng arrives to drag them out, and McKay never receives an answer.'] ['Dr. Frederick Frankenstein  is a respected lecturer at an American medical school and engaged to the tightly wound Elizabeth . He becomes exasperated when anyone brings up the subject of his grandfather, the infamous mad scientist. To disassociate himself from his legacy, Frederick insists that his surname be pronounced "Fronk-en-steen". When a solicitor informs him that he has inherited his family\'s estate in Transylvania after the death of his great grandfather, the Baron von Frankenstein, Frederick travels to Europe to inspect the property. At the Transylvania train station, he is met by a hunchbacked, bulging-eyed servant named Igor , who is there to drive Frederick in a wagon to the Frankenstein estate, but not before mocking Frederick\'s pretensions by insisting that his name be pronounced as "eye-gore." Accompanying Igor in the wagon is another servant, a lovely young woman named Inga . Upon arrival at the estate, Frederick meets the forbidding housekeeper Frau Blücher , whose name causes horses to rear up in fright. Though his family legacy has brought shame and ridicule, Frederick becomes increasingly intrigued about his grandfather\'s work, especially after Inga assists him in discovering the secret entrance to his grandfather\'s laboratory. Upon reading his grandfather\'s private journals, Frederick is so transformed that he decides to resume his grandfather\'s experiments in re-animating the dead. He and Igor resort to robbing the grave of a recently executed criminal, and Frederick sets to work experimenting on the large corpse. Matters go awry, however, when Igor is sent to steal the brain of a deceased revered scientist; startled by lightning, he drops the correct brain on the floor and instead returns with an "abnormal" brain (which he subsequently refers to as "A-b , which Frederick unknowingly transplants into the corpse. Soon, Frederick is ready to re-animate his creature , who is elevated on a platform to the roof of the laboratory during a lightning storm. Eventually, electrical charges bring the creature to life. The Monster makes its first halting steps, but, frightened by Igor lighting a match, attacks Frederick and must be sedated. Upon being asked whose brain was obtained, Igor confesses that he supplied "Abby Normal\'s" brain , whereupon Frederick attempts to strangle him. The townspeople are uneasy at the possibility of Frederick continuing his grandfather\'s work. Most concerned is Inspector Kemp , a police official who sports an eyepatch and monocle over the same eye, a creaky, disjointed wooden arm, and an accent so comically thick even his own countrymen cannot understand him. Kemp visits the doctor and subsequently demands assurance that he will not create another monster. Upon returning to the lab, Frederick discovers that Frau Blücher is setting the creature free. After she reveals the Monster\'s love of violin music, and her own romantic relationship with Frederick\'s grandfather, the creature is enraged by sparks from a thrown switch, and escapes from the Frankenstein castle. While roaming the countryside, the Monster has frustrating encounters with a young girl and a blind hermit ; these scenes directly parody the original Frankenstein movies. Frederick recaptures the Monster and locks the two of them in a room, where he calms the Monster\'s homicidal tendencies with flattery and fully acknowledges his own heritage, even shouting out emphatically, "My name is Frankenstein!" . Frederick offers the sight of "The Creature" following simple commands to a theater full of illustrious guests. The demonstration continues with Frederick and the Monster launching into the musical number "Puttin\' on the Ritz", complete with top hats and tails. Although the monster can only shout his song lines in painfully high-pitched monotones, he dances impressively with almost perfect timing. The routine ends disastrously, however, when a stage light explodes and frightens the Monster, who becomes enraged, pushes Frederick, and charges into the audience, where he is captured and chained by police. The Monster escapes, then kidnaps and ravishes the not unwilling Elizabeth when she arrives unexpectedly for a visit. Elizabeth falls in love with the creature due to his inhuman stamina and his enormous penis . The townspeople hunt for the monster. Desperate to get the creature back, Frederick plays the violin to lure his creation back to the castle. Just as the Kemp-led mob storms the laboratory, Frankenstein transfers some of his stabilizing intellect to the creature who, as a result, is able to reason with and placate the mob.  The film ends happily, with Elizabeth married to the now erudite and sophisticated Monster, while Inga joyfully learns what her new husband Frederick got in return during the transfer procedure .'] ['Prison-A-Go-Go! tells the story of a sweet, innocent young woman named Callista who is abducted for "scientific reasons” and taken far away. Now it is up to her bright sister, Janie to solve the mystery and take a crack at rescuing her little sister. But the only clue she finds leads to a notorious prison in the Philippines, where committing a crime may be the only way in. The film was marketed as being filled with multiple shower scenes, girls running amok, kung fu food fights, ninjas, mutant zombies, evil scientists, genetic mutation, and mud wrestling.Prison-A-Go-Go! - INFO'] ['An earthquake leaves the California coastline in ruins and reduces the beaches to a state of chaos. A group of Neo-Nazis led by Adolf , the self-proclaimed "Führer of the new beach," takes advantage of the resulting chaos by fighting off several rival surfer gangs to seize control of the beaches. Meanwhile, an African American oil well worker named Leroy  is killed by the Nazis while jogging on the beach. Leroy\'s mother "Mama" Washington , devastated by the loss of her son, vows revenge. After arming herself with a handgun and grenades, she breaks out of her retirement home and sets out to exact bloody vengeance on the Surf Nazis.'] ['A young journalist, David Katz, who writes for a hip-hop magazine called "Mic Check", starts following a music mogul around as part of a story and over time incorrectly starts to think he is part of that world, which leads to him writing an article for a gossip newspaper that starts a rivalry between the producer and his most famous rapper.'] ["Freddie Franklin  and Peter Patterson  are Americans who are stranded in Cairo, Egypt. They happen to overhear Dr. Gustav Zoomer  discussing the mummy Klaris, the guardian of the Tomb of Princess Ara. Apparently the mummy has a sacred medallion that shows where the treasure of Princess Ara can be found. The Followers of Klaris, led by Semu ([[Richard Deacon , overhear the conversation along with Madame Rontru , a business woman interested in stealing the treasure of Princess Ara. Pete and Freddie go to the doctor's house to apply for the position to accompany the mummy back to America. However, two of Semu's men, Iben  and Hetsut , murder the doctor and steal the mummy just before Pete and Freddie arrive. However, the medallion has been left behind and is found by Pete and Freddie, who attempt to sell it. Rontru offers them $100, but Pete suspects it is worth much more and asks for $5,000, which Rontru agrees to pay. She tells them to meet her at the Cairo Café, where Pete and Freddie learn from a waiter that the medallion is cursed. They frantically try to give it to one another , until it winds up in Freddie's hamburger and he swallows it. Rontru arrives and drags them to a doctor's office to get a look at the medallion under a fluoroscope. However, she cannot read the medallion's inscribed instructions, which are in hieroglyphics. Semu arrives, claiming to be an archaeologist, and offers to guide them all to the tomb. Meanwhile, Semu's followers have returned life to Klaris. They arrive at the tomb, where Freddie learns of Semu's plans to murder them all. Rontru captures Semu, and one of her men, Charlie , disguises himself as a mummy and enters the temple. Pete follows suit by disguising himself as a mummy, and he and Freddie rescue Semu. Eventually all three mummies are in the same place at the same time, and the dynamite that Rontru intends to use to dig up the treasure detonates, killing Klaris and revealing the treasure. Freddie and Pete convince Semu to turn the temple into a nightclub to preserve the legend of Klaris and the three criminals who wanted to steal the treasure are presumably arrested."] ['The film story sees former crime boss Modesty Blaise  being recruited by a branch of British Intelligence to help prevent a diamond theft, which leads to Blaise getting into conflict with Gabriel , the head of the diamond theft ring who maintains a compound in the Mediterranean where his right-hand woman, the Amazonian Mrs. Fothergill, alleviates her boredom by killing people. As the mission progresses, Blaise is united with her long-time assistant and confidant, the Cockney Willie Garvin , an expert knife-thrower and master of disguise, who owes Blaise a life debt from his earlier life as a criminal.'] ['The film takes the course of an entire school year and describes three teachers and one assistant principal. Mr. Stroope is campaigning for Teacher of the Year but many of his students are a little bit smarter than him. Mr. Lowrey is an introverted first-time history teacher struggling to find passion for his new profession. Coach Webb  is a female gym teacher who is struggling to get her students to take her class seriously, and becomes interested in Mr. Lowrey. Mrs. Reddell  is the first year assistant principal who is regretting leaving teaching.'] ['Robin is waiting for a big date in a restaurant. Unfortunately, Batman  shows up. Batman appoints himself as the wingman of the date to help the poor Boy Wonder "score". Kate, his date, arrives at the restaurant shortly after Batman, and the Dark Knight becomes incredibly obnoxious toward her, dominating the conversation and flirting. He even tells her about when Robin was captured by the Penguin. When she goes to the restroom, Robin angrily confronts Batman, and gets in an embarrassing situation when Kate comes back . Just when Robin becomes less awkward around her, Batman comes back, and he and Robin discuss Batman\'s willingness to let Catwoman escape from capture. However, Kate\'s boyfriend, Tony, arrives, and acts like a jerk towards Batman and Robin. Kate and Tony leave and the stunned Dynamic Duo decides to go to Aquaman\'s house to play his GameCube.'] ["The story is a retrospective, from the point of view of pit reporter Heather Vantress, who sits and remembers the horrors of the previous summer, the friends she made—few of whom survive. At first, the deaths that occur at the Warped Tour are ascribed by Lyman to negligence at the climbing wall or security being too hard on the kids. However, when Simple Plan's guitarist, Jeff Stinco, is impaled on a bass guitar, this is harder to explain away. The deaths continue to mount. Heather is suspicious that a bandanna-wrapped, goggle-wearing, sword bearing killer who seems responsible for many of the deaths, might be Lyman. Her suspicions are substantiated when he is seen dragging away a blood-daubed punk rock girl, who feebly protests that she is not dead and is promptly killed by Lyman for her trouble . The dead kids are apparently being used at the commissary to feed the bands and tour staff. Still, Lyman can't possibly be responsible for all the deaths, ranging from Bert McCracken of The Used to dozens, if not hundreds of fans. Despite this, and despite the continuing attrition of members of Simple Plan , the show must go on. Meanwhile, Belial is becoming increasingly concerned about the deaths of his bands, and sends two of his henchmen to scope out the situation. They find that the remaining members of Simple Plan and The Used have combined to form a new band, Simply Used . The new band and the henchmen are promptly electrocuted by the killer. Deprived of most of its headliners, the tour limps on until finally, all the fans and most of the bands are killed in the destruction of the Tour venue in Asbury Park, New Jersey--what is seen is the implosion of Philadelphia's Veterans Stadium. Heather goes to New York to confront Belial, who claims to be unable to retrieve the demonic powers he gave Brutal Enigma. But Heather and Kevin are able to stop the killers, who turn out to be zombies. The Tour will go on—next year—with the headliner the fictional band Atticus, given actual life thanks to Belial."] ["Ah Lung is a pig farmer and a devoted Bruce Lee fan who is anxious to follow in Lee's footsteps, but only ridiculed for his attempts. He is sent to the city to earn a living working at his uncle's restaurant, but when he arrives, he finds a gang of thugs causing trouble in the restaurant. He takes the chance to prove himself and attacks the thugs, defeating them and saving the restaurant. Soon, he becomes a waiter, and discovers a plot by the same thugs to kidnap a woman he works with. Eventually, he defeats the thugs once again and saves the day."] ['Set sometime in the mid to late nineteenth century in New England, the film tells of unscrupulous undertaker Waldo Trumbull , who murders people in their own homes in order to keep himself in business and to have enough money for drink. One night, after the widow of his last victim absconds to Europe without paying his fee, Trumbull and his reluctant assistant Felix Gillie  decide to murder their money-grubbing landlord, Mr. Black , who is said to have bouts of death-like sleep, something that Trumbull and Gillie are unaware of. Black seemingly dies of a heart attack after discovering Gillie , but revives in the funeral parlor\'s cellar. After a prolonged chase and struggle to keep Black inside a coffin, Trumbull knocks Black out with a mallet to the head and places the supposedly deceased Black in his family crypt, returning home to celebrate his new-found wealth. However, Black awakes again, escapes from the coffin and crypt and returns to the funeral parlour, quoting random lines from Shakespeare\'s Macbeth . Humorous events follow as Black chases Trumbull and Gillie around the house with an ax before  being shot and  killed by Trumbull after a lengthy monologue. Gillie elopes with Trumbull\'s neglected wife, and Trumbull is left a depressed heap on the floor. Hinchley , Trumbull\'s father-in-law, appears and gives Trumbull some "medicine" . The "medicine" works as intended and Trumbull drops dead as Hinchley makes his way back to bed, oblivious to the fact he has just committed murder. At the end of the film, Black exhibits an allergic reaction to Cleopatra the cat, indicating that he is still alive.'] ['In order to own an entire slum area of Los Angeles so he can tear it down, a callous, rich businessman, Goddard Bolt , CEO of Bolt Enterprises, makes a bet with his biggest rival, Vance Crasswell  At no time can he reveal to any of the slum area residents that he is Goddard Bolt. If he succeeds, Bolt will gain the neighborhood for almost nothing. Crasswell schemes to make Bolt\'s stay on the streets as bad as can be. Bolt, homeless, hungry and filthy, is befriended by skid-row inhabitants like Sailor  and Fumes  and given the nickname "Pepto" after falling asleep in a crate with a Pepto-Bismol logo on its side. In the process, he also falls in love with Molly , a homeless woman who used to be a dancer on Broadway. During a scuffle with two muggers, Bolt is pushed out of bounds. To prevent his anklet from activating, he charges back in towards the thugs, which impresses Molly with his supposed bravery. Bolt learns important life lessons during his \'adventure,\' unaware that the unscrupulous Crasswell has no intention of honoring their bet, the latter having bribed Bolt\'s lawyers into fabricating the story that Bolt had lost his mind.'] ['This film is set in an post-apocalyptic wasteland where few fertile men and women exist due to atomic fallout and, as a result, the government places a high priority on those that can still breed. Shortly before the movie opens, a group of mutant amphibians  capture a group of fertile women and are using them as sex slaves. Sam Hell  is a nomadic traveler who wanders the countryside. He is eventually captured by an organization of warrior-nurses, the closest thing to a government in his region of the world, who reveal that they located him by tracking the trail of pregnant women left in his wake. Their original plan was to use him as breeding stock with their collection of fertile women, but it turns out this is the group captured by the mutants. With their own attempts to capture the women failing, the group presses Hell into service as a mercenary - he is to infiltrate the mutant city  and rescue the women. To make sure that the rebellious Hell follows his orders, he is forced to wear an electronic protective codpiece that will explode if he disobeys or tries to abort his mission. Having already taken numerous samples of reproductive material from him, he is now deemed far more expendable than the women themselves. To aid him in his mission , he is paired with one of the nurses, Spangle , and an aggressive guardswoman named Cendrilla. During their journey to Frogtown, Hell tries numerous times to escape but is quickly shown that the device Spangle carries will shock his genitals if used or if he gets too far away from it. Despite their rocky start and Spangle\'s initial cold demeanor, the pair grow closer during the journey and eventually fall in love. When they reach Frogtown, everyone involved is captured. While the frog "second-in-command" tortures Hell and attempts to remove the codpiece for its technology, a slightly drugged Spangle is forced to work as a slave and dance for the frog commander . Proving more successful than she had wished, the nurse soon finds herself at the mercy of the aroused commander. However, with the codpiece now removed , the escaped Hell rescues her along with the group of fertile women held captive.'] ['In the near future, big wars are avoided by giving individuals with violent tendencies a chance to kill in the Big Hunt. The Hunt is the most popular form of entertainment in the world and also attracts participants who are looking for fame and fortune. It includes ten rounds for each competitor, five as the hunter and five as the victim. The survivor of ten rounds becomes extremely wealthy and retires. Scenes switch between the pursuit, romance between the hunter and the victim, and a narrator explaining the rules and justification of the Hunt. Caroline Meredith  is the huntress armed with a high caliber Bosch shotgun looking for her tenth victim. Marcello Poletti  is the victim. He is reluctant to kill Meredith as he is not sure whether she is his hunter, but then later because they become romantically involved. To maximize financial gain, Meredith wants to get a perfect kill in front of the cameras as she has negotiated a major sponsor from the Ming Tea Company.'] ['{{Cleanup-rewrite}} The film begins at Flemner Air Base 20 years prior. A pilot named Leland "Buzz" Harley  loses control of his plane and ejects, leaving his co-pilot Dominic "Mailman" Farnum  to crash alone; although Mailman survives, he\'s mistaken for a deer owing to the branches stuck to his helmet and is shot by a hunter. Topper Harley  wakes up from a nightmare he\'s having about the event when Lt. Commander Block  asks him to return to active duty as a pilot in the U.S. Navy, to help on a new top secret mission: Operation Sleepy Weasel. Harley starts to show some psychological problems, especially when his father is mentioned. His therapist, Ramada , tries to keep Topper from flying, but he relents, and also starts to build a budding romance with her. Meanwhile, Topper gets into a rivalry with another fighter pilot, Kent Gregory , who hates Topper because of the loss of his father "Mailman" to Buzz Harley, and believes Topper may do the same to him. Meanwhile, Block starts privately meeting with an airplane tycoon, Mr. Wilson, who has recently built a new "Super Fighter" that will make the American pilots superior. Block reveals that he brought back Topper for the reason of making Sleepy Weasel fail. Block would then report that it was the Navy\'s planes that were the real reason for the mission failure and that they need to be replaced with Wilson\'s planes. During one of the last training missions, an unfortunate accident between Pete "Dead Meat" Thompson ([[William O\'Leary  and Jim "Wash-Out" Pfaffenbach  occurs, leaving Dead Meat dead and Wash Out reassigned to radar operator. Block believes this is enough to convince the Navy to buy new fighters, but Wilson brushes it aside as a "minor incident," and the planes need to fail in combat to take notice. Meanwhile, Topper starts to show more and more feelings to Ramada, but she is also smitten with Gregory, who believes Topper cannot handle combat pressure. On the carrier U.S.S. Essess, Block reveals the mission to be an attack of an Iraqi nuclear plant and assigns Topper to lead the mission, much to Gregory\'s chagrin. Meanwhile, Wilson, who is also on board, coerces a crew member to sabotage the planes, putting the pilots\' lives at risk. At first, the mission goes according to Block\'s plan. He mentions Buzz Harley to Topper, who becomes overcome with emotion and unable to lead the mission. Block just starts to call out for the mission to be aborted when Iraqi fighters attack the squadron. All the planes\' weapons fail and Block realizes what has happened. He then tells Topper that he saw what really happened with Buzz and Mailman, that Buzz tried to do everything possible to save Mailman, but ended up falling out of the plane, failing in his attempts. Inspired, Topper single-handedly beats the Iraqi fighters and bombs the nuclear plant, despite sustaining heavy damage. Back aboard ship, Block decides that American planes will always be superior with pilots like Topper . Wilson\'s plan is revealed and his standing with the military is lost. Back in port, Gregory accepts Topper as a great pilot and lets Ramada be with Topper and the two begin a loving new relationship.'] ['When the film opens, U.S. President Judson C. \'Judd\' Hammond  is variously described as "a Hoover-like partisan hack"<ref name16 Instructor Biography: Dennis Grunes], Portland State University Dennis Grunes calls "possible divine intervention,"Dennis Grunes, "Gabriel Over the White House," grunes.wordpress.com Hammond  President Hammond makes "a political U-turn," The reborn Hammond\'s policies include "suspension of civil rights and the imposition of martial law by presidential fiat."<ref namehttp://www.dvdsavant.com/s3054gabr.html |titleGlenn Erickson |datedvdsavant.com |publisher21 August 2010}} He "tramples on civil liberties,"{{cite book}} "revokes the Constitution, becomes a reigning dictator," and employs "brown-shirted storm troopers" after which the accused are immediately lined up against a wall behind the courthouse and "executedAlter, 6 By threatening world war with America’s newest and most deadly secret weapon, Hammond then blackmails the world into disarmament, ushering in global peace.{{cite web |urlAn Interview with Louis Pizzitola, author of Hearst Over Hollywood |authorApril 20, 2005 |workInternational Committee of the Fourth International |accessdate"Gabriel Over the White House"/> "bringing peace to the country and the world," The Library of Congress comments: {{cquote}}'] ['Eight years after the events of the first film, Sir Johnny English  is learning martial arts in Tibet as penance for an earlier failed mission in Mozambique. However, he is contacted by MI7, requesting he returns to service. Johnny returns to MI7\'s London headquarters  and assigned by new boss "Pegasus"  to stop a plot to assassinate the Chinese Premier during scheduled talks with the Prime Minister. Johnny also meets with fellow agent Simon Ambrose  and MI7\'s resident inventor, Patch Quartermain . He is also assigned a junior agent, Colin Tucker . In Hong Kong, English discovers an address that leads him to ex-CIA agent Titus Fisher . Fisher reveals that he is a member of a group of assassins called \'Vortex\', who sabotaged English\'s mission in Mozambique. Vortex holds a secret weapon, which requires three metal keys to unlock, and Fisher reveals one. Fisher is killed by an assassin  dressed as a cleaner, and the key falls into Vortex\'s hands. English is humiliated in front of the Foreign Secretary and Pegasus by the loss of the key, and assaults Pegasus\'s mother, mistaking her for the killer cleaner. Kate Sumner , MI7\'s behavioural psychologist, prompts English to recall the events of his mission in Mozambique, and the identity of the second Vortex operative, Karlenko , a Russian spy. A golf match between Karlenko and English leads to multiple attempts on English\'s life. However, Karlenko is critically injured by the assassin, and English attempts to fly him to hospital. Before they arrive, Karlenko reveals that Vortex\'s last agent is a member of MI7, and dies. In a meeting at MI7, it is revealed that talks between Britain and China will continue in a heavily guarded Swiss fortress called \'Le Bastion\'. Over dinner, English informs Ambrose that he knows of a mole in MI7. Ambrose prepares to kill English, until it becomes clear that the traitor\'s identity is unknown. Tucker confronts Ambrose in the bathroom, knowing he is the mole, but English orders him to leave. Ambrose convinces English that Quartermain is the traitor. English entrusts the key to Ambrose, who tells Pegasus that English is the traitor. English confronts Quartermain, and realises that he has been framed. He escapes in a modified wheelchair. English goes to Kate\'s house, and convinces her that he is not the traitor. Kate, scrutinising footage of the Mozambique mission, realises that the assassin behaved abnormally. They learn that Vortex owns a drug called timoxeline barbebutenol that allows them to control a person for a brief time before they die of heart failure. Ambrose, the only surviving member of Vortex, plans to use the drug to kill the Premier in exchange for 500 million USD. English confronts Tucker and convinces him to help break into \'Le Bastion\'. English warns Pegasus of the threat, and drinks the drug instead, rendering him vulnerable to Ambrose\'s commands. Ambrose orders English to kill the Premier using a pistol disguised as a tube of lipstick. English tries to resist the effects of the drug , and engages in a fight with himself while Tucker attempts to interrupt communication between Ambrose and English. Tucker disrupts the frequency, replacing it with radio station, resulting in English beginning to dance. Ambrose reasserts his command, revealing himself in the process. English resists, shooting at Ambrose, who escapes. The effects of the drug wear off and English seemingly dies of heart-failure, before being revived by Kate, who kisses him on the lips, making his heart rate boost. English pursues Ambrose, parachuting from the building and hijacking a snow-mobile. English reaches Ambrose, who is in a gondola lift. The two fight, with English falling out of the car. Ambrose tries to shoot English, who shoots a rocket at the cable-car, killing Ambrose. English is knighted, but finds out that the killer cleaner was disguising herself as the Queen. He chases and attacks her with a tray, before discovering he has targeted the real Queen.{{cite web}}{{cite web}}http://www.johnny-english.com/ A post-credits scene, influenced by the barber scene in The Great Dictator, sees English making a takeaway for Kate to the tune of "In the Hall of the Mountain King". During the cooking scene, he parodies the Loituma Girl video by spinning some leeks.'] ['Satirising the American Western genre, Lemonade Joe is a clean-living gunfighter who drinks only Kolaloka lemonade and takes on a town full of whiskey-drinking cowboys. It is a musical comedy parodying the old silent westerns, with color tinting and sped up fight scenes, including the obligatory breaking banister. "What\'s good for Kolaloka is good for the law!" says one of the characters, and by the end of the film both villains and heroes learn to work together for the sake of business &mdash; i.e. the Kolaloka company, whose name is obviously based on Coca Cola. As the film progresses, it becomes clearer that Joe doesn\'t just clean up the town for morality\'s sake, but because he wants whiskey out of the way. One of the subplots involves the arrival of an evangelist in the town, with his daughter. Although the evangelist doesn\'t seem to be working purely for financial motives, he is both contrasted and likened to Joe in his techniques. The film\'s main theme is the continuing controversy of interconnection of big business and government in society. While some would see this as necessary, and good, others think the opposite, hence the film\'s opinions on large scale American marketing campaigns, such as Coca Cola\'s, are embodied in Joe\'s ambiguity as a character... is he an all American hero, or just a shameless shill and coward? Likewise Joe\'s love interests are torn between the dark haired beauty who works in the bawdy-house, and the clean living blonde evangelist\'s daughter. Initially he is more interested in the latter, especially as she is involved in a temperance campaign which would be good for his Kolaloka franchise business.'] ["The story begins in 1885 with the arrival of an important new guest star in Buffalo Bill Cody’s grand illusion, Chief Sitting Bull of Little Big Horn fame. Much to Cody's annoyance, Sitting Bull proves to be not a murdering savage but a genuine embodiment of what the whites believe about their own history out west. He is quietly heroic and morally pure. Sitting Bull also refuses to portray Custer's Last Stand as a cowardly sneak attack. Instead, he asks Cody to act out the massacre of a peaceful Sioux village by marauding bluecoats. An enraged Cody fires him but is forced to relent when star attraction Annie Oakley takes Sitting Bull's side."] ["The story is set in the fictional Caribbean British colony of Cascara. Widely ignored by the British Government, media and general public, local Governor Baxter Thwaites is having an easy life in his small and peaceful colony. That peace is disturbed when an abandoned oil rig starts delivering water - at the standard of the finest table water brands. Different parties, including Downing Street, the Cascara Liberation Front, the White House and the Cubans take interest in the future of the island and threaten to destroy the cosy way of life enjoyed by the island's inhabitants. The plot seems to be inspired by the 1958 comedy Carlton-Browne of the F.O.."] ['Dance-hall girl Rosie Velez ([[Divine , lost in the desert, is helped to safety by gunman Abel Wood . In the town of Chili Verde, at the saloon of Marguerita Ventura , word of a treasure in gold brings Abel into conflict with outlaw Hard Case Williams ([[Geoffrey Lewis  and his gang.'] ['On Saturday, December 13, 1941 at 7:01 a.m., a woman goes swimming somewhere on the California coast, only to find a Japanese submarine surfacing beneath her. The submarine crew realizes they have arrived in Hollywood, and the vessel submerges while the woman swims to safety. Later that morning, a 10th Armored Division tank crew, consisting of Sergeant Frank Tree, Corporal Chuck Sitarski, and Privates Foley, Reese, and Henshaw, are at a restaurant where dishwasher Wally Stephens works. Wally is planning to enter a dance contest with Betty Douglas, against the wishes of her father Ward. Sitarski dislikes Wally almost immediately, and trips him. A fight ensues, leading Wally to lose his job. Later, Wally takes his friend Dennis shopping for zoot suits and steals a suit. In Death Valley, Army Air Corps Captain Wild Bill Kelso lands his Curtiss P-40 fighter near a grocery store and gas station; while refueling, Kelso accidentally blows up the station. In Los Angeles, Major General Joseph W. Stilwell attempts to bring order. At a press conferences at Daugherty Field in Long Beach, Captain Loomis Birkhead is attracted to the General\'s secretary Donna Stratten. He lures her into a bomber to seduce her but she knocks him out, he lands on the bomb release control, sending a bomb rolling towards the podium just as the General promises "there will be no bombs dropped here." The bomb explodes, though Stilwell escapes. That afternoon, at the Douglas family home in Santa Monica, Wally is told by Betty and her friend Maxine, both USO hostesses, that he cannot enter the USO dance that night because he is not a serviceman. Wally is forced to hide in the garage loft when Ward shows up. Soon after, Tree and his tank crew arrive to deliver an anti-aircraft battery; Sitarski spots Betty and is attracted to her. He is just about to ask Betty to go to the dance with him when Wally falls from the loft. Ward and Sitarski dump him into a garbage truck. The Japanese submarine becomes lost trying to find Los Angeles when the ship\'s compass is broken. A landing party captures Hollis "Holly" Wood who will only give them his name, occupation, and social security number. They see he has a small Cracker Jack compass, but he swallows it, and then escapes, hoping to find the authorities. That night, Stilwell goes to see Dumbo. Birkhead and Donna are at the 501st Bomb Disbursement Unit at Barstow, where Colonel "Mad Man" Maddox shows them the unit\'s aircraft. Maddox, convinced the Japanese are sending paratroops into the hills near Pomona, lets Birkhead and Donna borrow a plane, assuming they are going on a reconnaissance. Outside the USO, Sitarski kicks Wally and drags Betty into the dance. Maxine tags along. Wally sneaks in with a stolen Shore Patrol uniform, steals Betty away, and they win the dance contest whilst evading Sitarski, who is pursued by Maxine. Sitarski punches Wally, inciting a brawl. Tree arrives with his team, just as L.A. goes to Red Alert with an unknown aircraft in the air. At the Douglas\' home, Ward spots the sub. As Birkhead and Donna fly over L.A., anti-aircraft batteries open fire. Kelso shoots down Birkhead\'s plane, then sees the submarine, only to be shot down by two spotters who mistake his plane for a Japanese fighter. Sitarski drags Betty under a tank, but Wally rescues her, knocking Sitarski out. They find Kelso, who informs them about the sub. Wearing an army uniform, Wally commandeers Tree\'s tank and heads toward Pacific Ocean Amusement Park. Ward begins firing at the submarine, destroying his house in the process. The submarine returns fire, hitting the ferris wheel, which careens into the ocean. The tank sinks when the pier collapses. Kelso drives a motorbike into the ocean and swims to the submarine, where he is captured by the Japanese. On Sunday morning, December 14, Stilwell arrives at the remains of the Douglas home. Tree predicts to Stilwell that 1942 will be "the \'really big\' year of the war." The General simply mutters: "It\'s gonna be a \'long\' war."'] ["Flesh  is kidnapped by cheerleaders from a world known only as The Strange Planet, after the men on their planet are rendered impotent thanks to the villain known only as the Evil Presence . The Evil Presence, who is in an unhappy relationship with Queen Frigid , soon learns of Flesh's arrival on the planet, and wishes to transfer Flesh's penis to himself, in order to make up for his own poor endowment."] ["A plane carrying beauty contestants crash lands on a deserted island. Captain Maximus Powers  and co-pilot Mike Saunders  have to take care of their passengers, while avoiding the dangers of Jurassic Pork  and a group of apes busy trying to relaunch Noah's Ark. An R2D2-like droid projects an image of agent M.J. <ref name  Michael Jackson Chases His Movie Dreams In Bizarro Spoof | first  Carroll | url  MTV | date  2008-11-15 }} who has been assigned by the Vatican to manipulate the castaways for the Vatican's own purposes."] ['Brian Cohen is born in a stable a few doors from the one in which Jesus is born, which initially confuses the three wise men who come to praise the future King of the Jews. Brian grows up an idealistic young man who resents the continuing Roman occupation of Judea. While attending Jesus\' Sermon on the Mount, Brian becomes infatuated with an attractive young rebel, Judith. His desire for her and hatred for the Romans lead him to join the People\'s Front of Judea , one of many fractious and bickering independence movements, who spend more time fighting each other than the Romans. After several misadventures, and escaping from Pontius Pilate, the fugitive winds up in a lineup of would-be mystics and prophets who harangue the passing crowd in a plaza. Forced to come up with something plausible in order to blend in and keep the guards off his back, Brian babbles pseudo-religious truisms, and quickly attracts a small but intrigued audience. Once the guards have left, Brian tries to put the episode behind him, but he has unintentionally inspired a movement. He grows frantic when he finds that some people have started to follow him around, with even the slightest unusual occurrence being hailed as a "miracle". After slipping away from the mob, Brian runs into Judith, and they spend the night together. In the morning, Brian opens the curtains to discover an enormous crowd of people outside his mother\'s house, all proclaiming him to be the Messiah. Brian\'s mother protests: "He\'s not the Messiah, he\'s a very naughty boy". Brian finds himself unable to change their minds, because his every word and action are immediately seized as points of doctrine. Neither can the hapless Brian find solace back at the PFJ\'s headquarters, where people fling their afflicted bodies at him demanding miracle cures. After sneaking out the back, Brian finally is captured and scheduled to be crucified. Meanwhile, a huge crowd has assembled outside the palace. Pilate  tries to quell the feeling of revolution by granting them the decision of who should be pardoned. The crowd, however, simply shouts out names containing the letter "r", in order to mock Pilate\'s speech impediment. Eventually, Judith appears in the crowd and calls for the release of Brian, which the crowd echoes, since the name contains the letter "r". Pilate then agrees to "welease Bwian". The order from Pilate is eventually relayed to the guards, but in a moment parodying the climax of the film Spartacus, various crucified people all claim to be "Brian of Nazareth"  and the wrong man is released. Various other opportunities for a reprieve for Brian are denied as, one by one, his "allies"  step forward to explain why they are leaving the "noble freedom fighter" hanging in the hot sun. Hope is renewed when the Judean People\'s Front come charging towards the Romans, but fail to rescue Brian, as they are a suicide squadron, and kill themselves rather than dying in battle. Condemned to a long and painful death, Brian finds his spirits lifted by his fellow sufferers, who break into song with "Always Look on the Bright Side of Life".Alan Parker, Mick O\'Shea  And Now For Something Completely Digital: The Complete Illustrated Guide to Monty Python CDs and DVDs The Disinformation Company, 2006'] ["Two Evil Alien Conquerors are sent to Earth with the order to behead all humans within 48 hours. If they fail, they will be destroyed by Croker, a 100ft tall giant. Kenny  witnesses the Evil Alien Conquerors, My-ik  and Du-ug , as they arrive on Earth, literally falling out of the sky with their beheading swords. He offers them shelter at his home, which he shares with Ron, an unpleasant, oversexed infomercial producer. The conquering duo have a chance to experience Earth culture, where they become friends with Kenny, develop a fondness for Schmirnoff Ice and unexpectedly fall in love with two local women, who have a secret of their own. They begin to doubt what they were sent to do, but know they still must attempt to complete their impossible mission despite their lack of skill, any plan or experience. The giant Croker then arrives to destroy the two inept conquerors and the rest of the Earth's population, but he shrinks down to normal size during transportation. Delusional enough to still believe he is a giant, he attempts to wreak havoc on the town, obviously without success."] ["In 1954, against a backdrop of McCarthyism, six strangers are invited to a party in a secluded New England mansion. They are met by the house butler, Wadsworth , who reminds them each that they have been given pseudonyms to protect their true identity. During dinner the seventh attendee, Mr. Boddy , arrives. After dinner, Wadsworth reveals the true nature of the party: all of the guests are being blackmailed to hide their secrets: * Professor Plum , a psychiatrist who lost his license because he had an affair with a female patient. He now works for the World Health Organization. * Mrs. Peacock , a Senator's wife who has accepted bribes to deliver her husband's vote. * Mrs. White , an alleged black widow who was drawn in to avoid a scandal regarding the mysterious death of her nuclear physicist husband. She was previously married to an illusionist, who disappeared under mysterious circumstances. * Miss Scarlet , a madam who operates an illegal brothel in Washington, D.C. * Colonel Mustard  is thought at first to have been blackmailed for scandalous pictures, but it is later revealed that he was a war profiteer who made his money from selling stolen radio components on the black market. He now works at The Pentagon. * Mr. Green  is a homosexual which was a secret that would cost him his job with the State Department if it were widely known. Finally, Wadsworth reveals Mr. Boddy's secret: he is the one who has been blackmailing them. Wadsworth has gathered all the guests together to confront Mr. Boddy and turn him over to the police, which he later reveals is his revenge against Mr. Boddy, who is his former employer, because Boddy's blackmail had resulted in Wadsworth's wife committing suicide.  Mr. Boddy reminds the guests that he can reveal their secrets in police custody and offers them an alternative proposition: by using weapons that he has provided to each of them, they can kill Wadsworth and destroy the evidence, keeping their secrets safe. Mr. Boddy turns out the lights in the room, creating a moment of chaos, in which someone shoots the gun. When they are brought back up, Mr. Boddy is dead, seemingly murdered by an unknown cause in the study . The guests all quickly deny killing him, and are later proven right as Mr. Boddy  is ultimately found murdered with the candlestick in the hall. Wadsworth and the guests try to deduce who killed Mr. Boddy by exploring the house. During their slapstick explorations, Mrs. Ho, the cook  has been murdered with the dagger in the kitchen. During the course of the evening three others who visit the house: a stranded motorist , a police officer ([[Bill Henderson  investigating the motorist's abandoned car, and a singing telegram girl , are all killed with the wrench, the lead pipe, and the revolver; in the lounge, the library, and the front hall, respectively. Yvette, the maid  is strangled in the billiard room with the rope as well. Wadsworth comes to the conclusion that he knows who the murderer is, and runs through a frantic, madcap re-enactment of the entire evening with the guests in tow. Wadsworth points out that the victims were Boddy's accomplices in blackmail. Each of them had a connection to one of the guests, enabling Boddy to find out what secrets to blackmail them over. In preparation to reveal the murderer of Mr. Boddy, Wadsworth turns off the electricity to the house. At this point, the story proceeds to one of three endings: A, B, or C. In the film's initial theatrical run, some theaters announced which ending the viewer would see.[http://rogerebert.suntimes.com/apps/pbcs.dll/article?AIDEnding AEnding BEnding Ccluedofan>{{Cite web}}"] ['Set in the town of Springfield, Believe tells the story of Adam Pendon , a struggling truck driver who was recently laid off from his job at the steel mill when it closes. Adam is approached by a salesman for a multi-level marketing company, Believe Industries. The salesman, Mark Fuller , offers Adam a business opportunity. Adam agrees to meet Mark at a local hotel for the business meeting. This meeting is filled with distributors for Believe Industries, such as Dan Bretenheirmer  and Sally Bretenheirmer  who are unable to succeed at Believe, even though they sincerely try to work the program. Tom  and Amy Hawks  are a focused couple who also meet Adam. The owner of Believe is Howard Flash ([[Jeff Olson , who claims to have lived in a trailer park until the business of Believe saved his life and made him wealthy. Adam decides to join Believe and succeeds unexpectedly. He is invited to be a speaker at a Believe convention. The crux of the plot is Adam at a crossroads of either enjoying wealth and fame from Believe or walking away because he believes he is misleading other people with his wealth and fame.Kaleidoscope Pictures'] ['Directed and written by Matt Nix, this short film follows the life of unnervingly happy-go-lucky Citizen 43275-B , who despite the oppressive totalitarian regime and Thought Police looks ever forward to returning home and telling \'The Big Guy\'  on the telescreen about his work-day. In much the same manner as an imaginary friend acts, \'The Big Guy\' never responds until he finally becomes fed up with Citizen 43275-B and declares that he does not like being called \'The Big Guy\' - but this intervention serves only to worsen Big Brother\'s predicament, as 43275-B enthusiastically hugs the telescreen and goes on to "amuse" him through a variety of ways: sock puppets, Boggle, hide and seek, one-sided pillow fights, and knock-knock jokes. As this further frustrates him, Big Brother finally announces the true nature of himself and society by telling 43275-B: {{cquote}} Big Brother eventually shuts off the telescreen in disgust and frustration. After several minutes, Citizen 43275-B realizes that the telescreen is not coming back on. He then retrieves a hidden cache of a notebook, pen and reading glasses, and begins to write his own guide to revolution. The appearance in the opening scenes of a volume entitled "RE-EDUCATION MANUAL" on 43275-B\'s bookshelf, references to a "re-education lectures," and the fact that he has a diary already set aside, all imply that this is not his first attempt, and suggests his behavior was deliberate.'] ['  In 1947, cartoon characters, commonly called "toons", are living beings who act out cartoons in the same way that human actors make live-action production. Toons interact freely with humans and live in Toontown, an area near Hollywood, California. R. K. Maroon is the human owner of Maroon Cartoon studios; Roger Rabbit is a fun-loving toon rabbit, one of Maroon\'s stars; Roger\'s wife Jessica is a gorgeous toon woman; and Baby Herman is Roger\'s costar, a 50-year-old toon who looks like an infant. Marvin Acme is the practical joke-loving owner of Toontown and the Acme Corporation. Maroon hires private detective Eddie Valiant to investigate rumors that Jessica is having an affair. Eddie and his brother Teddy used to be friends of the toon community, but Eddie has hated them, and has been drinking heavily, since his brother Teddy was killed by a toon a few years earlier. When he shows Roger photographs of Jessica "cheating" on him by playing patty-cake with Acme, Roger becomes distraught and runs away. This makes him the main suspect when Acme is found murdered the next day. At the crime scene, Eddie meets Judge Doom and his Toon Patrol of weasel henchmen. Although toons are impervious to physical abuse, Doom has discovered that they can be killed by submerging them in a mixture of solvents he refers to as "Dip." Baby Herman insists that Acme\'s will, which is missing, bequeaths Toontown to the toons. If the will is not found by midnight, Toontown will be sold to Cloverleaf Industries, which recently bought the Pacific Electric system of trolley cars. One of Eddie\'s photos shows the will in Acme\'s pocket, proving Baby Herman\'s claim. After Roger shows up at his office professing his innocence, Eddie investigates the case with help from his girlfriend Dolores while hiding Roger from the Toon Patrol. Jessica tells Eddie that Maroon blackmailed her into compromising Acme, and Eddie learns that Maroon is selling his studio to Cloverleaf. Maroon explains to Eddie that Cloverleaf will not buy his studio unless they can also buy Acme\'s gag-making factory. His plan was to use the photos to blackmail Acme into selling. Before he can say more, he is killed by an unseen assassin and Eddie sees Jessica fleeing the scene. Thinking that she is the killer, Eddie pursues her into Toontown. When he finds her, she explains that Doom killed Maroon and Acme in an attempt to take over Toontown. Eddie, Jessica, and Roger are captured by Doom and his weasels and held at the Acme Factory, where Doom reveals his plan. Since he owns Cloverleaf and Acme\'s will has yet to turn up, he will take control of Toontown and destroy it with a mobile Dip-sprayer to make room for a freeway, then force people to use it by dismantling the trolley fleet and make a fortune through a series of businesses built to appeal to the motorists. With Roger and Jessica tied up, Eddie performs a vaudeville act that makes the weasels literally die of laughter and confronts Doom. Doom survives being run over by a steamroller, revealing that he himself is a toon and admitting that he killed Teddy. Eddie eventually dissolves Doom in Dip by opening the drain on the Dip machine. As toons and the police arrive, Eddie discovers that an apparently blank piece of paper on which Roger wrote a love poem to Jessica is actually Acme\'s will, written in disappearing/reappearing ink. Eddie kisses Roger—proving that he has regained his sense of humor—and the toons celebrate their victory.'] ['Fast-talking Jimmy Bates  takes over as publicity agent for a struggling carnival owned by Colonel Munday. His latest scheme to bring in customers involves promising to reveal the identity of the father  of his hot-tempered girlfriend, "hootch dancer" Teresita , at that night\'s performance. However, when the local sheriff learns that it is all a con, Bates, his friend Achilles and Teresita have to flee. They head to New York City. Bates has always bragged about his close friendship with powerful theater impresario Merle Farrell. Bates promises to make Teresita a star, but it soon becomes clear that Farrell has never heard of him. Undaunted, Bates promotes Teresita as "Princess Exotica", an escapee from a Turkish harem, complete with a eunuch servant  and a lion. Bates informs the reporters that she will be starring in Farrell\'s show. At first, Farrell is outraged, but when he hears about the sharp increase in ticket sales, he signs Teresita to a contract. Farrell insists, however, that she perform a slow Middle Eastern-style dance, which bores the audience. Bates rushes onstage and has her drop her pretense and sing a modern song. This proves to be a hit, and Teresita becomes a star, while Bates becomes Farrell\'s new publicity manager. However, while Bates is away on a business trip, she starts seeing the married Farrell. When Bates finds out, he quits and promises to make the first girl he sees into a bigger sensation to eclipse his treacherous girlfriend. That turns out to be blond hotel maid Gladys, whom Achilles is trying to romance. Bates has Gladys pretend to be "Eve", the leader of a group of nudists. He blackmails Farrell  into signing Eve to his show. Meanwhile, the public has started to tire of Teresita. Achilles decides to return to the carnival life, and purchases Colonel Munday\'s business. Bates calls him a fool, but after a while, he too becomes dissatisfied with New York and goes to see his friend. There, he finds Teresita singing as one of the carnival\'s attractions.'] ['The film takes place in the town of Paradise, Arizona , where the volatile Postal Dude, after being mocked at a job interview, kicked out of his local unemployment office and discovering that his morbidly obese wife is cheating on him, is more than a little angry and is desperate to get enough cash to finally leave his dead-end town. He decides to team up with his Uncle Dave, a slovenly con artist turned doomsday cult leader who owes the US government over a million dollars in back-taxes. With the help of Uncle Dave\'s right hand man Richie and an army of big-breasted, scantily clad cult members, the Dude devises a plan to hijack a shipment of 2,000 Krotchy Dolls, a rare, sought-after plush toy resembling a giant scrotum. Uncle Dave plans to sell them online, where their prices have reached as high as $4,000 a doll. Unbeknownst to them, Osama bin Laden and his group of Al-Qaeda terrorists, who had been secretly hiding in Paradise since September 11, under the watchful eye of bin Laden\'s best friend George W. Bush, are after the same shipment, but for entirely different reasons. Hoping to outdo the catastrophe of 9/11, they plan to instill the dolls with Avian influenza and distribute them to unsuspecting American children. The two groups meet at the shipment\'s destination, Nazi-themed amusement park Little Germany. A fight between Postal creator Vince Desiderio and Postal director and park owner Uwe Boll , sparks a massive shootout between the cult, the terrorists and the police, resulting in the deaths of dozens of innocent children. The Dude and the cult are able to get away with both the shipment and the park\'s opening day guest, Verne Troyer, pursued by Al-Qaeda, the police and a mob of angry citizens. Upon returning to their compound, which has been overtaken by the terrorists, the Dude, Uncle Dave and the rest covertly sneak into the compound\'s underground bunker, where Richie reveals that he must now fulfill the prophecy foretold in Uncle Dave\'s fictional Bible: to bring about the extinction of the human race. As per Uncle Dave\'s Bible, the event initiating the apocalypse is the rape of a "tiny entertainer" by a thousand monkeys. After Verne Troyer is quickly thrown into a pit of chimpanzees, Richie shoots and kills Uncle Dave, then imprisons the Dude. The Dude manages to escape the compound with a plethora of weapons, deciding to wage a one-man war against al-Qaeda, his uncle\'s murderer, his cheating wife, the police and the many people who want him dead. On the way to his trailer , he meets up with an attractive young barista, Faith, who joins forces with him after an explosive gunfight followed later by The Dude\'s heartfelt but futile monologue about war. The two of them then proceed to kill all the terrorists, all the bloodthirsty townspeople, the remains of the now-mad cult, his wife, and her multiple lovers. In the midst of the shootout, bin Laden escapes to a payphone, where he calls Bush for help. Bush sends a helicopter to save him and plans for the two to rendezvous. Having won their war, the Dude, his dog and the barista drive away in a stolen police car. They casually turn on the radio, only to learn that Bush has blamed the day\'s shootouts and explosions on China and India, and has been "forced to destroy both countries with nuclear force". China, in retaliation, has unleashed 30 nuclear missiles towards America, which are scheduled to hit in under two minutes. The film\'s final shot features Bush and bin Laden skipping through a field together, hand-in-hand. As mushroom clouds explode on the horizon, bin Laden laughs and says, "Georgie, I think this is the beginning of a beautiful friendship". At that moment, all of the nuclear missiles hit, and the country is destroyed.'] ['Tony Mareda, Jr., a former Olympic athlete turned world\'s greatest private detective, is driving across the country when he is attacked by mobsters. Chased to the sleepy backwater town of Beamsville, Tony ducks into the local drive-in theater, where he is followed by his pursuers. As Tony hunts down and dispatches the hit men amidst the parked cars, a pink meteor roars overhead and crashes in the nearby woods, causing the townspeople to rush out of the theater to look for it. As the young couples search the woods, however, the women begin to hear a ringing sound coming from the glowing pink rock that turns them into lusty nymphomaniacs. Now under the thrall of the meteor, the women defend it by seducing the men. One of the few who avoids the effect is the local TV weatherman, Clip Bacardi, who is too engrossed in his discovery of a small fragment of the meteor to notice the attempts by his temporarily-aroused girlfriend, librarian Mary Ann Kowalski, to come onto him. The next morning, the local authorities discover an empty crater where the meteor landed, with the men who went looking for it in catatonic states scattered throughout the woods. Facing a challenge from Mary Ann in the upcoming election, the mayor of Beamsville orders the town deputy to enlist the help of Tony Mareda in finding out what happened to the men. That evening, however, Clip goes on the air with his fragment; the sound it emits transforms all of the women watching the broadcast into sex-hungry servants of the meteor. As Tony begins his investigation, the women incapacitate a key witness and take over the local television station. Escaping the women at the station, Clip joins Tony, the mayor, and other townspeople in forming a posse to hunt for the meteor; as they search the woods, Clip encounters his scantily-clad girlfriend, who nearly incapacitates him before Tony is able to render her unconscious using chloroform. After placing Mary Ann in the town jail, Tony and Clip go back into the woods and track the meteor to a cave. They escape a group of women who arrive to worship it, but their effort to drive to the next town for help is frustrated by a roadblock. They return to Beamsville to find that the women\'s takeover of the town is complete, with the remaining men wandering the streets in dazed stupors. Clip attempts to discover how to defeat the meteor by experimenting on the fragment he possesses, but is overcome by the fumes produced after accidentally setting it on fire. Tony is also subdued by a group of women in a pink Sherman tank, who knock him unconscious when they blast apart the town jail where he takes refuge. Tony is awakened back in the cave by Mary Ann, who announces that the meteor, which she refers to as "Betty," has chosen him to be the father of its offspring. As the meteor draws Tony to it, however, the cave wall to which he is chained collapses and the chamber is flooded with water &mdash; the meteor\'s weakness. After it is washed out of the cave, Tony and Mary Ann  work together to push the pulsating rock into the town lake, destroying it and returning the controlled women to normal.'] ["Philippe Douvier, on the outside a respected business man, but secretly the leader of the French Connection, is facing a falling out with their New York Mafia drug trading partners because they believe him not capable of properly conducting business. To demonstrate otherwise, Douvier's aide Guy Algo suggests to have the man killed who is currently presenting the greatest danger to their trade: Chief Inspector Jacques Clouseau—a plan which Douvier sanctions after some consideration. Douvier's attempt to blow Clouseau up with a bomb fails, and the subsequent attempt by a Chinese martial artist called Mr. Chong  is thwarted when Clouseau accidentally knocks him out of a window, believing him to be his  valet Cato, who had orders to keep his employer alert by means of random attacks. That night, Douvier anonymously calls Clouseau and poses as an informant to tell him the whereabouts of an important criminal involved in the French Connection. Despite being warned by Cato that it has to be a trap, Clouseau—concluding that it is so obvious that it couldn't possibly be a trap—drives toward the location, but his car and clothes are stolen at gunpoint by a transvestite criminal named Claude Rousseau . Rousseau drives into the trap and is killed by Douvier's men. Subsequently the majority of people believe Clouseau to be dead and, as a result of this assumption, Clouseau's mad boss, ex-Commissioner Charles Dreyfus , is deemed sane and is to be released from the Mental Asylum to try to crack the case, while Douvier's plans continue. In Rousseau's clothes, Clouseau is taken to the mental asylum , but escapes into Dreyfus' room. Dreyfus faints at the sight of Clouseau, whom he believed dead, whereupon Clouseau disguises himself as Dreyfus and is driven home in a car by operative François. At home, Clouseau finds Cato, who  is relieved to see him alive. Having settled Clouseau's initial anger at Cato, the two plan their revenge on the person who ordered Clouseau's assassination, taking advantage of the belief that Clouseau is dead to conduct their investigations. Dreyfus, led to believe that the man he saw was Claude Rousseau, is assigned to read a eulogy at Clouseau's funeral. His objections are overridden by political necessity when it is revealed that the speech was composed by the police chief's wife, who was apparently fond of Clouseau. During the recital, Dreyfus is unable to control his laughter at the statements he is obliged to speak, but conceals his amusement by giving the impression that he is weeping rather than laughing. But when Clouseau surreptitiously reveals himself among the attendants of the funeral, Dreyfus faints into the burial pit moments before the master of ceremonies completes his oration. Shortly after his wife threatens him with a divorce, Douvier, needing her respectability and her silence pertaining to his crimes, tells his secretary/paramour Simone LeGree  that their courtship must end. Angry, Simone storms out of Douvier's office. Because she was quite intimately involved in his business, Douvier gives orders to have Simone killed at a nightclub called Le Club Phut . Having been told by a seafaring informant  of the possibility of trouble at the nightclub, Clouseau and Cato investigate and accidentally save Simone from being murdered by Douvier's assassins; Simone takes Clouseau  home. At Simone's flat, Clouseau tells Simone that he is the supposedly dead Chief Inspector; although Simone does not believe him at first, he eventually convinces her of the truth, prompting her to reveal that Douvier ordered Clouseau's assassination as part of his attempt to impress the American Godfather. When another duo of assassins force their way in, Clouseau and Simone escape into the flat below, in which lives Dreyfus. Dreyfus overhears Simone telling Clouseau of Douvier's plans to meet with the New York Mafia Godfather, Julio Scallini, in Hong Kong, but again faints when he sees Clouseau. Clouseau, Cato, and Simone travel from Paris to Hong Kong and tail Douvier, unaware that Dreyfus has also arrived. Clouseau impersonates Scallini, while Simone distracts the real Scallini so that Clouseau can uncover Douvier's plans. He succeeds, but the plan goes awry when Clouseau's disguise is exposed. A car chase begins, terminating in a crash at the Hong Kong docks. Here, Dreyfus recognizes Clouseau, loses his mind again and tries to kill Clouseau, chasing him into a firework warehouse. Inside, Dreyfus inadvertently sets the stored fireworks alight, and the resulting explosions sow chaos between all the participants, which eventually leads to the arrests of Douvier and Scallini. Clouseau is awarded for their arrest by the President of France. Thereafter, he and Simone spend an evening together."] ['Miles Monroe , a jazz musician and owner of the \'Happy Carrot\' Health-Food store in 1973, is made subject to Cryopreservation without his consent, and not revived for 200 years. The scientists who revive him are members of a rebellion: 22nd-century America seems to be a police state ruled by a dictator, about to implement a secret plan known as the "Aires Project". The rebels hope to use Miles as a spy to infiltrate the Aires Project, because he is the only member of this society without a known biometric identity. The authorities discover the scientists\' project, and arrest them; but Miles escapes by disguising himself as a robot, and goes to work as a butler in the house of socialite Luna Schlosser . When Luna decides to have his head replaced with something more "aesthetically pleasing," Miles reveals his true identity to her; whereupon Luna threatens to give Miles to the authorities. In response, he kidnaps her and goes on the run, searching for the Aires Project. Miles and Luna fall in love; but Miles is captured and brainwashed, by which he becomes a complacent member of futuristic society, while Luna joins the rebellion. The rebels kidnap Miles and force reverse-brainwashing, whereupon he remembers his past and joins their efforts. Miles becomes jealous when he catches Luna kissing the rebel leader, Erno Windt ([[John Beck , and she tells him that she believes in free love. Miles and Luna successfully infiltrate the Aires Project, wherein they learn that the national Leader was killed by a rebel bomb ten months previously, and all that survives is his nose. The nose has been kept alive, and the members of the Aires Project, mistaking Miles and Luna for doctors, ask them to clone the leader from this single remaining part; but Miles steals the nose and "assassinates" it by dropping it in the path of a steamroller. After escaping, Miles and Luna debate their future together. He tells her that Erno will inevitably become as corrupt as the Leader. Miles and Luna confess their love for one another, but she claims that science has proven men and women cannot have meaningful relationships due to chemical incompatibilities. Miles dismisses this, saying that he does not believe in science, and Luna points out that he does not believe in God or political systems either. Luna asks Miles if there is anything he does believe in, and he responds with the famous line, "Sex and death. Two things that come once in a lifetime. But at least after death you\'re not nauseous."{{cite web}} The two embrace.'] ["Working with a large sum of inherited money, two scientists build a rocket to take them to the Moon. Once there, they discover that the Moon's surface is covered with lush, tropical vegetation and giant golden nuggets. The astronauts are soon captured, however, by a colony of telepathic lunar nudists . Much of the film deals with the men's efforts to collect data documenting their discovery and well as with the burgeoning romance between the younger of the two astronauts and the queen of the Moon people. On their return, they realise that the most important evidence, the camera, has been left behind."] ['Two black bounty hunters, "Boss Nigger" and Amos , ride into a small Western town in pursuit of fugitive Jed Clayton ([[William Smith . When they discover that the town has no sheriff, "Boss Nigger" takes that position for himself after outsmarting the cowardly white mayor . As sheriff, "Boss Nigger" kills several outlaws who work for Jed. He soon meets two women, Miss Pruit , a white schoolteacher who falls in love with him, and Clara Mae, a black woman  who is saved by "Boss Nigger" early in the film. She is also in love with him. Mayor Griffin soon tries to rape Clara Mae. Mayor Griffin then alerts Jed of the new sheriff, and of the murder of and imprisonment of some of his outlaws. Jed and his outlaws then attempt to help the imprisoned outlaw escape by blowing a hole in the prison wall using dynamite. The plan does not go well. However, Jed and his outlaws tie "Boss Nigger" to a pole, and Jed tells him that he will die a slow, painful death. However, Amos and Clara Mae, who was kidnapped by Jed\'s men, help "Boss Nigger" escape. After he escapes, however, Jed and his men ride into town. Jed tries to rape Clara Mae, but she rejects him, and so he kills her with his revolver. A shootout occurs between Jed and his men and "Boss Nigger" and his allies. Jed and "Boss" have a face off, ending with "Boss Nigger" finally killing Jed. However,as he steps outside, "Boss" is shot twice and severely wounded by Mayor Griffin. "Boss" and Amos leave town after "Boss" kisses Miss Pruit goodbye. As they ride off, the theme song of Boss Nigger plays.'] ['Middle-aged Martin Mirkhein  is a complete failure. He\'s run a successful business into debt, his marriage is falling apart, and now he owes the IRS $147,956 in back taxes. Martin may not have much going for him but he has read "Daniel Strong," a best-selling, self-help novel by the popular TV guru Dr. Waxling . Now he wants to turn the novel into a major motion picture. To do that, Martin needs the rights and the revenue. Given his grating personality and terrible track record, it won\'t be easy to get a hold of either. He sets out to meet with Dr. Waxling but ends up sleeping with Waxling\'s screenwriter-assistant Marie  instead. Determined to make a movie, Martin and Marie move to New York. There, they get involved with wealthy Kim Ulander , an enigmatic businessman with quirky tendencies and a repressed desire to live dangerously. If they aren\'t careful, this daring duo may not come out of this deal alive.'] ["The story begins with Cousin Eddie at his latest workplace, a nuclear facility where he 'works' alongside a monkey. When the monkey outperforms him in every test , the decision is made to fire him. Upon finding out the news, the two get into an argument which results in the monkey biting him. With Christmas approaching, Eddie is worried about what this job loss will mean for him and his family and he decides to talk to his former boss. Although the thought never occurs to him, the nuclear company is convinced that he will sue. As a preemptive countermeasure, they offer him and his family  a free vacation to an island in the South Pacific. While on holiday they take a trip on a boat, while Eddie attempts to catch a shark, they get lost and eventually shipwrecked on an isolated island. Eventually Eddie is able to prove himself a man by providing for his family and they all celebrate Christmas together on the island. Shortly after, they are rescued."] ['François Merlin  is a Jean Bruce type writer of pulp espionage novels  and about half of the film plays in his imagination, where he is the world-renowned superspy "Bob Sinclar"  Christine  is a sociology student who lives in Merlin\'s building and is interested in the novels, but in the writer\'s imagination she becomes Tatiana, his paramour, while the pompous and rich publisher of his novels, Pierre Charron , doubles as the great villain of the spy novels, the Albanian secret services head Karpov, who in a memorable scene of the film threatens to cut off one of Tatiana\'s breasts. Christine is clearly fascinated with the handsome spy Bob Sinclar, an unrealistic and idealized hero, who is the very opposite of his creator: a clumsy, frustrated man who barely makes enough money to get by. However, when she is befriended by the rich and vain publisher who looks down upon his poor hack writer, she realises her mistake, and after a party where he tries to seduce her, she flees him and falls asleep on the landing outside the writer\'s flat, where he finds her in the morning, clad apparently only in a T-shirt and embraces her for a happy ending. In the final scene, Merlin throws over the balcony his last manuscript, freeing himself from his character and his imaginated life.'] ['Schlock, a prehistoric apeman who falls in love with a teenage blind beauty and terrorizes her Southern California suburb. Schlock is no ordinary simian; he possesses some very unusual skills. Among other things, he plays the piano and gives TV interviews. In this hysterical spoof of early monster movies and missing-link science fiction films, John Landis pays homage to the monster movies of the past with irreverent humor and wacky hijinks.'] ['Deadly Drifter is about a team, known as "Our Friends", searching for the "Old Man", who is dying. Their trip across the U.S. takes many twists and turns along the way, as you see through the eyes of the main character, Rex/Harrold, who ultimately questions society. Whales are part of his ultimate revelation.'] ['{{Plot}} Julia Jones is an obese woman, who dreams of marrying Napoleon Dynamite, but even in her dreams she is rejected. Writing in her diary, she thinks she will never find her true love. Julia goes outside and dances to impress men on the streets. It doesn\'t, as her obesity gets the best of her. Later on, Julia goes to work at her dad\'s Greek diner. Her dad, Frank, suggests she gets married to someone of the same heritage as her. Julia is half Greek , half Indian  and half Japanese . He suggests Nicky, an ugly, greasy man. She then meets the very British Grant Fockyerdoder, with whom she forms an instant attraction. When Frank yells at Julia to get an order, she turns to respond and hits Grant over the head with the coffee pot she\'s holding, knocking him to the floor. She turns around only to find his table is suddenly empty and figures he ran away. Julia needs help and goes to see a love therapist, Hitch. Hitch rejects her at first but reluctantly agrees to help her. Julia explains about the man at the diner and thinks it will be impossible for him to fall in love with her. Hitch takes her to a garage where she gets "pimped out" into a slim attractive woman. She earns a spot on a reality television dating show called The Extreme Bachelor, the bachelor turning out to be Grant, the man she met in the diner. Grant greets all the women and is asked to eliminate the losers, which he does by shooting them. Julia is the last woman standing and is rewarded with dinner for two at a restaurant called "A Restaurant". After their meal, Julia and Grant head back to her apartment, where they have sex. Julia takes Grant to meet her parents. There is immediate tension between Frank and Grant. Grant goes to the bathroom to see Jinxers, the family cat, defecating loudly and continuously on the toilet. Things get a lot worse when Grant attempts to open a bottle of champagne. The cork hits a vase that contains Frank\'s mother\'s remains, and the problems only get worse when Jinxers begins humping the skeleton. Later, Grant takes Julia to Tiffany & Co., where they turn on the lights to reveal the salespeople ready to let her pick whatever she wants. Grant then confesses he loves her and proposes to her. Julia happily says yes. Then, Frodo, Gandalf, and the others try to pawn off a ring, with Gandalf pleading that the ring could "destroy all evil". Ignoring him, Frodo accepts the offer of $50. The hobbits then turn and repeatedly kick Gandalf in his "precious"  and run off to "get some wine coolers... and hookers!" Now it\'s Grant\'s turn to take Julia and her family to meet his parents. This meeting doesn\'t go well either, as Roz, Grant\'s mother, informs everyone that Grant lost his virginity to their gay housekeeper Eduardo. Frank secretly brings Nicky along, telling Julia she has no choice but to marry him. Julia runs off, devastated. Later, Frank has a one-on-one basketball game with Grant\'s father, Bernie. Things get bad when Frank gets a huge taste of Bernie\'s chest hair. The next day, Julia and Grant go to a wedding planner named Jell-O, who has a massive butt. Jell-O suggests they go to Taco Butt, but they want something a little fancier. At first she is offended but when Grant tells her that he and Julia have already taken care of the other things listed for the wedding, Jell-O tells them that she wanted them to see what she had booked for the entertainment which was her dancing. She does some dance moves and backs up towards them with her massive rear and crushes them. Julia finally gets the chance meet Andy, Grant\'s best man, at the swimming pool. Of course, Julia assumes Andy is a man, but she is really a woman and is a lot more attractive than Julia. Julia is even more horrified when she finds out that the two were engaged three weeks ago. Andy helps Julia shop for her wedding dress. At the dress store, Julia hits her head on a power box and finds that she can read people\'s thoughts. Julia finds from reading Andy\'s mind that she still has feelings for Grant and plans to split the two of them up. Julia and Andy fight each other, Kill Bill-style. Julia grows depressed, fearing that she\'ll always be a lonely fat girl. She goes back to Hitch and tells him about Andy. Hitch reckons she doesn\'t stand a chance against Andy &mdash; but if she does, then everything will be fine in the end. Julia grows confident again and figures that she just has to make it through the wedding rehearsal at her dad\'s diner; then, only one day until their wedding. There, Andy shows up and accuses Grant of using Julia to get over her, but Grant ignores her. The big day has arrived, but unfortunately, Julia wakes up with a big pimple on her face. She eventually pops it, blowing her to the back of the room and knocking down a wall, but she is late for her wedding. Meanwhile, Andy finally tells Grant how she feels about him, and that Julia doesn\'t deserve him. She wants to marry him but Grant steps up and says he wants Julia. Andy ignores him and kisses him. Grant pushes Andy off and sees Julia, who has caught them in the act and runs away. Days later, Julia goes back to her apartment and is surrounded by balloons, gifts, and letters from Grant. She cannot forgive Grant, and agrees to marry Nicky. Once at the altar with Nicky, Julia is regretting it and has flashbacks about her and Grant. Frank, realizing that Julia is unhappy, stops the wedding and tells her she doesn\'t want Nicky. Grant is the one for her . Frank shows Julia a magazine with a picture of Grant and a message. It says to meet him on the rooftop of her apartment building. After an epic journey - throwing Andy down a stairway, bashing someone on the head with a baseball bat to get their bike - she gets there, only to find she just missed Grant. She leans her hands on the railings, causing it to snap and falls right into Grant\'s arms. It is very emotional but they get back together and get married, with Hitch officiating. Andy and Nicky meet at the wedding, and fall in love. Meanwhile, Grant and Julia leave in a horse and carriage. Julia also gets a present from her mother-in-law: a vaginal thermometer which apparently has been in their family for generations and is regarded as good luck when it\'s not washed. The film ends with Grant and Julia attending their honeymoon on Kong Island. They see a woman, Anne, tied to two pieces of wood. King Kong comes on and rips off her dress, leaving her clad in a leopard print bikini. Kong then gropes her, she says "I like hairy guys" and Kong roars and flattens her.'] ['Artie Pinsetter  is a junk collector and amateur inventor who lives in the desert town of Candy Rock. Artie\'s fiancée, Emmy Lou Raven  happens upon magical waters of Dinosaur Springs and is changed into a thirty-foot giantess. While nervously explaining to her uncle that she has gotten "big" , he insists that they be married immediately. Artie eventually restores her to normal size.'] ["Price plays the titular mad scientist who, with the questionable assistance of his resurrected flunky Mullaney, builds a gang of female robots who are then dispatched to seduce and rob wealthy men.  Avalon and Hickman play the bumbling heroes who attempt to thwart Goldfoot's scheme. The film's climax is an extended car&ndash;bike&ndash;cable car&ndash;boat-on-wheels chase through the streets of San Francisco."] ['On a snow-covered mountain, a bus, truck, and a few cars arrive at a remote camp area to film a porno film. The group is made up of professional porn actors Ron Jeremy and Veronica Hart, novice porn stars Rock, Angel, Wanda, and Lance, as well as the director and producer Jim, cameraman Jonah, gaffer-electrician and sound guy T.J., and makeup and script girl Laura. After being dropped off by the school bus driver who leaves them behind, the group settles in their living quarters for the next few days to shoot. While Laura talks with Ron about his past career days, the guys, Lance, Rock and T.J. talk about T.J.\'s latest suck-and-squeeze device for carnal pleasure that T.J. wants to market, while Angel and Wanda talk about their experiences on the porn sets. Radio reports begin to describe a "strange light" in the sky that has been hovering over the mountains for the last several hours as Jim gets down to directing, starting with the first scene with Ron and Veronica. During a break in filming, Jonah goes outside to get some more lights from the truck while Ron also goes out to relieve himself. Suddenly, a strange light hits Ron, who then collapses to the ground. Jonah helps him up and they go back inside to finish filming the scene. Ron is acting strangely and begins to exhibit strange behavior as he begins performing in the sex scene with Veronica, who begin screaming in pain as Jim tries to yell "cut" as Ron continues to have rough sex with her. The guys are forced to pull Ron off Veronica as he goes into convulsions and collapses. T.J., Jeff, and Jonah try to help Veronica, who begins hemorrhaging and loses consciousness. They guys look over to help Ron and see that he is dead. But they also notice that Ron\'s legendary 9 3/4-inch penis is gone as well. In Angel\'s room, she is rehearsing her upcoming scene, when the disembodied penis attacks her. Wanda walks in on this and runs out to inform Rock, Lance and Laura who run in only to find the disembodied member gone and Angel dead, with a large and gory hole in the back of her head. While everyone runs out to tell the others, Laura has an encounter the disembodied penis which attacks her. Holding themselves up in the main cabin, Jonah, Jim, T.J., Lance, Rock, and Wanda try to make sense of what is going on, just when Laura walks in, acting strangely. After the guys carry Ron\'s dead body outside, they debate on what to do since they are stranded there and no one has any signal for their cell phones. Rock wants to make a run for the cars to try to get off the mountain, but when he runs outside, the disembodied penis appears and shoves itself through him. When Jonah and T.J. run outside in a futile attempt to save him, they are surprised by the appearance of a rugged mountain man, named Montz who brings them back inside to the main cabin. Resting, Jonah and T.J. make the assumption that Ron\'s missing penis is possessed by some kind of alien force. Jeff suggests finding a way to kill it while Laura, who continues acting strange, wants to capture it. Lance and Wanda retreat to a nearby bathroom where he tries to calm down the growing hysterical Wanda over this unbelievable turn of events. Just then, the severed penis slithers in through a crack in the bathroom window and attacks them both. Jonah and T.J. come up with a plan to capture the lethal creature by luring it through an open window, using a pair of women\'s panties borrowed from Laura, to try to trap it with Jeff\'s suck and squeeze device. Montz volunteers to kill it after he gives them a creepy but hilarious monologue about his encounter with a similar event back in Vietnam in the 1960s where he saw his platoon getting killed by a disembodied penis that came from the body of his commanding officer. T.J. volunteers to help out and has Jonah lock him and Montz in the kitchen to make sure that if they fail that Rock\'s penis will not be able to get them. But while their backs are turned, the disembodied penis slithers into the kitchen and strangles Montz to death, while it shoves itself in rapid speed through T.J., killing him. Jim panics and runs into the nearby bathroom only to find a dead and cocooned Lance and Wanda against the wall. Panicking, he runs outside to the nearby barn and tries to start a snow speeder to try to escape. But the severed penis follows him in a super-fast chase down the mountain where it knocks him off his snow speeder and then gruesomely slices him in two from the crotch to the top of the head as it burrows through the snow. Back at the main cabin, the three survivors of Jonah, Laura, and the barely conscious Veronica are beside themselves and wait. Jonah, after being told earlier by Montz about the location of an old radio antenna atop the nearby mountain, suggests they run to a nearby cabin that Montz told them about where there is an underground passageway to the radio shack where they can radio for help. With Veronica having regained some of her strength, they make it to the passageway, which is apparently an old mine shaft, and walk through the long tunnel and make it to the radio shack where Jonah tries to get the radio to work, only the severed penis follows them and lands on Laura. Jonah tries to swing at it with an axe, but the "thing" is much too fast and keeps evading his blows. Veronica then thinks of a way to fight it. She lies down on the floor and offers herself to the entity which shoves itself between her legs. Veronica tells Jonah and Laura to run for safety as she will keep it occupied and uses her expert thighs to drain it of its power. Jonah and Laura flee from the radio shack cabin and down the mountain just as Veronica makes the severed dick climax. The penis monster explodes in a massive blast, destroying itself as well as killing Veronica and blows up the radio cabin in a massive blast covering the sky with millions of particles. Jonah and Laura seek shelter in a nearby shack where they huddle for the night. At dawn, Laura hears sounds of rain, but Jonah tells her that the rain is "Ron". The remains of the penis monster are raining down semen on the entire area. At dawn, when the sounds had stopped, Laura leaves the cabin and a sleeping Jonah, where she ventures outside and to a place in the snow where she seems to be distraught over the death of the one-eyed monster. Laura reveals a massive bulge in her abdomen as she is now impregnated by the penis monster which attacked her earlier and will now be the apparent breeding chamber to the one-eye monster\'s off spring'] ['The plot involves the Captain America/Superman inspired super-hero called "Captain Invincible"  who is active during World War II and afterwards. Once a popular hero to all Americans he is forced into retirement in the 1950s following the government\'s persecution of him. This takes the form of a McCarthy-ish congressional investigation which accuses him of being a communist . He is charged with violating U.S. airspace by flying without a proper license, impersonating a military officer and wearing underwear in public. He disappears from the public eye, moving to Australia and becoming an alcoholic. Thirty years later, his old rival "Mr. Midnight" re-emerges and steals a secret government super-weapon – the hypno-ray. The US government asks Captain Invincible to return, and the story follows his attempts to return to super-heroing and redeem his reputation.'] ["The film follows rookie detective Jo Dee Fostar, played by Zane, on his first case. The case involves a serial killer, wanted for over one-hundred and twenty murders. In order to find the killer, he must enlist the help of convicted murderer Dr. Animal Cannibal Pizza. However, during the investigation, his girlfriend, Jane Wine, is asked by her boss to take a large sum of money to the bank. Instead of doing this, she leaves town with the money. While hiding, she decides to rest at the Cemetery Motel, which is later revealed to be a cemetery named Motel after its owner, Antonio Motel. Jo must then enlist the help of Det. Balsam  and Dr. Pizza to not only find the murderer, but his missing girlfriend as well. All of this takes the cast on many adventures at the Cemetery Motel. At the end of the movie Lily, Jane's sister, turns out to be Detective Balsam in a sleeveless pink dress complete with shaved armpits in a rubber female bodysuit."] ["Steve Jackson , a blue-collar worker at a steel mill, has just begun a two-weeks-long vacation. He is convinced by his friend Wardell Franklin  to go to a party that Saturday night at Madam Zenobia's, an uptown nightclub. While the two are at the party, the club is robbed. The masked bandits force the patrons to strip to their underwear, then steal their money and jewellery, including Steve's wallet. The following day, Steve is at home and reading his newspaper when he learns he has won the lottery. However, he realizes that the lottery ticket was in the wallet that was stolen from him, and Steve and Wardell spend the remainder of the film tracking down his wallet by consulting with crooked politicians, fake detectives, con-artists, and underworld crime bosses."] ['Curry is the Rev. Ray Porter, who runs a Pentecostal faith healing and televangelism empire based in Arkansas. A small group of stereotypical rednecks, one of whom was bilked out of her inheritance by Rev. Porter\'s ministry and another of whom just got out of prison, try to rob Porter\'s ministry. A series of wrong turns inside the church during the robbery leads the robbers onstage right in the middle of a broadcast, and the three robbers turn what was supposed to have been "just" a robbery into a hostage situation. During the hostage negotiations, a series of snowballing scandals involving the ministry come to light. The robbery, hostage taking, and scandal revelations are all broadcast live over satellite television as locals gather in bars to watch. Rev. Porter and the robbers develop a rapport during the hostage situation that resembles shop talk among thieves, as they discuss the best ways of investing stolen money. One comic subplot involves the Christian network\'s producer, a drug-addled electronics wizard named Stonewall who decorates his workspace with Pink Floyd posters, but was hired by the network because "he has found the Lord...he told us so himself." Another subplot involves a local sheriff, himself also an archetypal redneck whose duck hunting trip was interrupted by the incident, who seems to sympathize with the would-be robbers. The film is partly about his moral struggle in trying to enforce the law when his sympathies lie elsewhere. He just wants to see the situation end with nobody getting hurt, and butts heads with the network\'s owner and federal agents who demand harsher action. The owner of the satellite network, whose character is based on Jerry Falwell, demands that the National Guard be called in leading to a siege and climactic ending.'] ['Beverly Sutphin  appears to be a typical suburban housewife living with her dentist husband Eugene  and their children, Misty  and Chip  in the suburbs of Baltimore. Behind her chipper façade, however, she is a serial killer, murdering people over the smallest criticism, insult or slight. The film opens with the Sutphin family having breakfast and Beverly attentively taking care of family\'s needs until two police officers arrive to question the family about the mail threats and obscene phone calls to a fellow resident of the area, Dottie Hinkle. After a brief interview the family members and the police leave the house to begin their day, except Beverly who goes to the upstairs master bedroom and makes obscene phone calls by changing her voice to Dottie, revealing herself as the predator who has been bothering her. The reason for this is that Dottie stole a parking space from Beverly at the mall. Beverly\'s friend and neighbor, Rosemary Ackerman enters the house and surprises her as she finishes her prank call. This is so she can lend Beverly her sewing supplies and materials, including a pair of scissors. The first murder she is known to commit occurs after Beverly attends a PTA where Mr. Stubbins , Chip\'s high school math teacher, criticizes her son\'s morbid fascination with violent horror films and further questions the strength of family unit as well as recommending therapy for Chip. She runs him over with her car, killing him. A woman smoking marijuana witnesses the incident. The following morning, Beverly\'s husband, Eugene is called into the office by Betty Sterner. Misty is upset when she gets stood up by a date, Carl Pageant , proclaiming her desire to kill him. Beverly cautions Misty about using words she doesn\'t mean and subsequently sees the police investigating her trash cans and her car. Beverly skillfully deflects the cops\' questions before her husband asks the cops to leave. Later, seeing Carl with another girl  at a local indoor swap meet, Beverly impales him in a men\'s restroom with a fireplace poker that Rosemary, who came along, had purchased. Again a miscreant, a pervert, looking through a hole in one of the stalls, witnesses Beverly hiding in a toilet stall following the murder. Among the first to suspect Beverly\'s crimes is her neighbor, Dottie Hinkle, the person to whom she had been making obscene phone calls and sending threatening letters. After both coincidentally meet at Rosemary\'s house one afternoon, Beverly asks Rosemary a question in a similar tone of voice she used in her calls to Dottie, making Dottie realize the person harassing her is Beverly. After being interviewed by the police at his dental office, Beverly\'s husband Eugene uncovers disturbing items hidden under their mattress, including an autographed beefcake photo of Richard Speck , an audiotape of Ted Bundy (voice of [[John Waters , and a scrapbook filled with newspaper clippings of Jonestown and Charles Manson. After realizing her mother\'s role in Carl\'s death, Misty visits the video store where her brother works and announces to Chip and his friends, "Our mother is Charles Manson." That evening over dinner, Beverly\'s son comments that his friend Scotty thinks that she is the killer. Beverly dismisses this, but promptly gets up from the table and leaves. A moment later, the family hears Beverly\'s car driving away and set off in pursuit, thinking she is going to kill Scotty. Beverly\'s husband and children go to Scotty\'s house and break in only to find him alive and masturbating to a pornographic movie. The police barge in as well, to Scotty\'s further embarrassment. Beverly, in fact, is going to kill the Sterners and after some very skillful driving evades the police car following her. Upon arriving at the Sterners\' house, she spies on the Sterners who are having a chicken dinner, angering her as Beverly is an avid bird watcher. This, in concert with the fact that Betty called Eugene into the office on a Saturday morning as well as disregarding her husband\'s advice about not eating sweets , makes Beverly decide they must die. Beverly promptly sneaks into the house via the upstairs window in the bedroom and hides under the bed. When Betty opens the closet, Beverly stabs her in the stomach with scissors. When Ralph runs upstairs, he finds his wife dead and Beverly unsuccessfully tries to throw the same pair of scissors at him and kill him. Ralph runs outside calling for help and Beverly topples an air conditioner onto him, killing him. When the Sutphins go to church that Sunday , they hear a news report on the car radio naming Beverly as the suspect in two more murders — Betty  and Ralph Sterner . The family silently come to the conclusion that Beverly is indeed the murderer. When they arrive at church, they are met with suspicion and fear by the other congregants. The church\'s message board announces that the day\'s sermon is "Capital Punishment & You". The church service ends in pandemonium when a suspicious sound causes everyone, except Beverly, to panic and flee the church, including the minister. Police detectives confirm that Beverly\'s fingerprints match those at the Sterner crime scene and attempt to arrest her, but she manages to escape. She hides at the video rental store where her son works. She overhears a customer named Mrs. Jensen bickering with Chip over paying a fee for failing to rewind a videotape. After renting the film version of Annie, Mrs. Jensen calls Chip a "son of a psycho". Beverly sneaks out and follows Mrs. Jensen home, where Mrs. Jensen begins to watch the opening credits of Annie and sing along to "Tomorrow", then bludgeons her to death with a leg of lamb. She then notices one of Chip\'s friends, Scotty , spying from a window and begins chasing him. She tries to stab him with a knife through the car\'s convertible roof while yelling at him, "Wear your seat belt! It\'s the law!" Scotty drives off, but Beverly carjacks a passing van and follows him to Hammerjack\'s, where an all-girl band named Camel Lips ([[L7  is playing. Scotty tries to escape by running on stage, but Beverly causes a light fixture to fall on him and sets him on fire using a cigarette lighter and an aerosol can onstage in front of the deranged crowd listening to the band. Her family arrives and the police arrest Beverly, while the crowd cheer in support for "Serial Mom", as Beverly has been named by the media. Her trial becomes a national sensation. Having already been dubbed "Serial Mom", a TV movie about the case starring Suzanne Somers is planned. Chip hires an agent to manage the family\'s media appearances, while Misty and her new boyfriend, a reporter for The Baltimore Sun, sell merchandise about their mother\'s trial outside the courthouse. During opening arguments, Beverly notices that a member of the jury  is wearing white shoes after Labor Day, a fashion faux pas, during the whole trial. When Beverly brings this to the attention of her own attorney, he dismisses the comment, and claims that Beverly is not guilty by reason of insanity. She asks that her lawyer be fired and that she be permitted to represent herself. The judge reluctantly agrees and the trial begins. Beverly proves to be quite formidable defending herself at trial. When Dottie Hinkle testifies that Beverly is her prank phone caller, Beverly\'s courtroom antics cause Dottie to explode in a cursing fit, destroying her credibility and the judge holds her in contempt of court. When Rosemary Ackerman takes the stand, Beverly destroys her credibility by revealing that it was Ackerman\'s magazine which was the source for the nuisance letters to Dottie Hinkle, Ackerman\'s firepoker , which was used to kill Carl Pageant, and Ackerman\'s scissors  that were found at the Sterner murder scene. Beverly gets Ackerman to admit she doesn\'t recycle, which provokes exaggerated disgust from the jury. During the testimony of Marvin Pickles , who had seen her through a peephole in the restroom stall with the poker just before Carl\'s murder, Beverly fans her legs, sexually arousing the man and confusing him into to saying he had lied and never saw Beverly in the stall. Lu-Ann Hodges, the stoner who saw Beverly\'s car drive over Mr. Stubbins is discredited by her intoxicated demeanor, only recalling a blue car rather than a blue station wagon. Beverly questions Detective Gracey about the merits of judging her by her reading materials, which he obtained by searching her garbage, bolstering her own argument by displaying a porno magazine, Chicks with Dicks, which she claims was found in the detective\'s trash by her garbage man friends . During the second detective\'s testimony, the entire courtroom is starstruck and distracted from crucial evidence by the sudden appearance of Suzanne Somers, who would be portraying Beverly as the heroine of a television movie. When the verdict is read and Beverly is found not guilty on all charges, she laughs and announces "Oh, I\'m coming home!" to her family, who are clearly stunned and unnerved by her acquittal, they vow to "Never get on her nerves". During the post-trial interviews, Beverly follows the juror wearing white shoes to a pay phone in a conveniently empty ladies\' room. After lecturing the juror on the folly of wearing white after Labor Day and refusing to accept her apologies, Beverly kills the juror by striking her in the head hard with the payphone receiver. She joins her family just as Somers wants to have a picture taken with Beverly, who doesn\'t want to. Beverly gets increasingly angry at Somers\' insistence before yelling at her "Suzanne Somers! This is my bad side!" At that moment someone discovers the juror\'s body and begins screaming. Somers realizes what Beverly\'s family already knows: that the woman Somers pretentiously labeled a "feminist heroine" is indeed "Serial Mom". The film ends with a close-in on Beverly\'s face, as her lips quiver into a small but diabolical smile and a screen appears displaying the message that Beverly "refused to cooperate" with the making of the film, further playing on the premise of the film\'s reality.'] ['In the near future, the moon has been colonized and supports a station on its surface. A lunar shuttle known as Mayflower One is being rushed to launch from Houston. The head of the ground crew, The Sarge , does not like what is occurring, but he defers to the airline\'s management. On the flight crew are Captain Clarence Oveur , First Officer Dunn  and Navigator Dave Unger . Also on-board is computer officer Elaine Dickinson , who was a flight attendant in the first movie. Elaine has long since left Ted Striker  and is now engaged to one of the flight crew, Simon Kurtz . Striker has in the meantime been committed to an insane asylum, as he was declared mentally incompetent in a lawsuit following a test flight that Ted piloted and in which the lunar shuttle crashed. Striker believes that the lawsuit was used to silence him, because he knew there were problems with the lunar shuttle that made it unsafe, and he is once more haunted by his actions in "The War", specifically the events that took place over "Macho Grande", where he lost his entire squadron. When Striker reads of the upcoming Lunar Shuttle launch, he escapes the asylum and buys a ticket for the flight. During the flight, Mayflower One suffers a short circuit, causing the artificially intelligent computer ROC to go insane and send the ship toward the sun. Unger and Dunn try to deactivate the computer, but are blown out of an airlock. Oveur tries to stop ROC, but the computer gasses him. Kurtz abandons Elaine and leaves in the only escape pod. Once again Striker is called upon to save the day, but first he has to figure out how to make the computer relinquish control. Steven McCroskey , the air traffic controller, reveals that a passenger named Joe Seluchi  had boarded Mayflower One with a bomb in a briefcase, intending to commit suicide so that his wife can collect on insurance money. Striker manages to wrestle the bomb from Seluchi and uses it to blow up ROC and set course for the moon as originally intended. Using the bomb to destroy the computer causes collateral damage to the shuttle, meaning the flight is not out of danger yet. On the way to the Moon, control of the flight is shifted to a lunar base, commanded by Cmdr. Buck Murdock . He has a high level of contempt for Striker because of Macho Grande, but agrees to help anyway. They manage to land the craft on the moon. Ted and Elaine fall back in love and are married at the end. After the wedding, Seluchi looks into the cockpit and asks for his briefcase back. A post credits scene shows a screen that says "From Paramount Pictures: "Airplane III"". Murdock is then seen saying "That\'s exactly what they\'ll be expecting us to do!"'] ['Broadcast in the year 2008, the film is presented in a TV documentary style format, combining talking head interviews, news coverage clips and video surveillance footage surrounding the assassination of U.S. President George W. Bush in Chicago around a year earlier on 19 October 2007. The president is fatally shot by a sniper after he addresses an economic forum at the Chicago Sheraton Hotel, before which an anti-war rally had taken place. News outlets immediately begin reporting on the incident along with its political ramifications. After authorities earlier arrest and interrogate war-protesting detainees such as Frank Molini  and Samir Masri ; an IT professional of Syrian origin, Jamal Abu Zikri , becomes the prime suspect. Vice President Dick Cheney, now president, uses the possible al-Qaeda relationship in connection with the suspected assassin, Zikri, to push his own domestic political security agenda. He calls for the legislation of PATRIOT Act III, trying to increase the investigative powers of the FBI, the police, and other government agencies over U.S. citizens and resident aliens as he contemplates attacking Syria. As his wife Zahra  listens to the verdict with family attorney Dawn Norton  in a packed courtroom, Zikri is convicted of killing the U.S. President and sentenced to death based upon dubious forensic evidence. Meanwhile, a new report which surfaces, substantiated by interviews with Marianne Claybon , indicates that the perpetrator is most likely her husband Al Claybon , a veteran of the 1991 Persian Gulf War, who lived in Rock Island, Illinois, and who also was the father of David Claybon, a U.S. soldier recently killed in the Iraq War. The assassin, who blames President Bush for the death of his son, killed himself after Bush\'s assassination. Claybon\'s suicide note, addressed to a second son, Casey Claybon , an Iraq War veteran living in Chicago who was previously considered as a suspect, reads: {{cquote}} Ten months after President Bush\'s assassination, Zikri remains on death row at the Stateville Correctional Center, because government officials are deliberately delaying his legal appeal. Moreover, in his dead father\'s Rock Island house, Casey Claybon finds evidence of his father\'s planning of the shooting. The most incriminating piece of evidence is a copy of a top secret presidential itinerary outlining, to the minute, President Bush\'s Chicago whereabouts on 19 October 2007. The news report ends while the U.S. Government continues investigating how presidential assassin Al Claybon obtained that top secret document. The final closing titles of the film inform the viewer that President Cheney\'s USA PATRIOT Act III, was signed into permanent law in the U.S., stating the following: "It has granted investigators unprecedented powers of detention and surveillance, and further expanded the powers of the executive branch".'] ['Jerri Blank , a 46-year-old former high school dropout and self-described "junkie whore", is released from prison and returns to her childhood home. She discovers her mother has died, her father, Guy , has remarried to the hateful Sara Blank , and she has an arrogant half-brother Derrick ([[Joseph Cross . To make matters worse, her father is in a "stress-induced coma". Taking the suggestion of the family doctor  literally, Jerri decides to pick her life back up where she left it, beginning her high school all over again as a freshman at Flatpoint High. Jerri joins Chuck Noblet\'s  science fair team, the Fig Neutrons, along with her new friends, Megawatti Sucarnaputri   and Tammi Littlenut . Noblet is not pleased to learn that Principal Onyx Blackman  has hired a ringer for their team, Roger Beekman , to ensure that Flatpoint wins, and so Noblet creates a second team. As she struggles to fit in and make her teammates proud, Jerri discovers that though the faces may have changed, the hassles of high school are just the same.'] [" At the start of the film, we see a black-and-white television show, which appears to be The Jack Benny Program, although it’s never called this by name. The host  welcomes his special guest , and introduces the sketch for the evening .  Jet Benny , a self-proclaimed “intergalactic soldier of fortune,” is traveling through space in his ship — the Maxwell, piloted by the android Rochester  — when the vessel loses power and crashes down on an unfamiliar planet. After Jet regains consciousness, Rochester and the Maxwell are nowhere to be found; Jet spends the next few years living in the woods like a hermit. One day, Jet sees a woman  being whipped and beaten by a thug and his henchmen, and he uses his raygun to scare them off. The woman turns out to be Princess Miranda; her family and people have been tyrannized by the forces of Lord Zane for the last few years, with the aid of android Rochester whose memory had been damaged by the crash. After freeing Rochester and restoring his memory, the reluctant Jet is persuaded by Miranda into breaking into Zane's castle and freeing her brother, Prince Carmen . After escaping from the castle, the heroes take the Maxwell  to help Miranda’s father, the King ; he and his people are in a walled city, which is being besieged by Zane’s forces. The heroes win the battle, and the members of the royal family are reunited. Jet is getting ready to leave the planet when Miranda catches up to him and kisses him; as a result, Jet, who had been eager to get away from the planet, is now reluctant to leave.  On the television show, the host thanks the guest and cast members for their work, and starts talking about next week’s show."] ["Frustrated butcher Fred Ramsden  and his electrician mate Ernie Bragg ([[Jack Douglas  happily head off for a fishing trip while their respective wives Sylvia  and Vera  look forward to their health farm holiday. Once at the caravan site of Major Leafe , Fred starts making eyes at a couple of gorgeous campers, Carol  and Sandra . However, Ernie incriminates himself by talking in his sleep! With their infidelities certain to be repeated in the marital bed after their holiday, Fred is despondent. Meanwhile, Professor Roland Crump  has teamed up with Roman expert Anna Vooshka  in an archaeological dig on the caravan site. Arthur Upmore  and his wife Linda  are saddled with her mother Daphne  and her vulgar mynah bird. Arthur is caught in a compromising position with blonde babe Norma Baxter  whose husband Joe  is lumbered with their giant wolfhound. After a few pints with the amused pub landlord ([[David Lodge , Fred and Ernie discover that the caravan site is riddled with holes. However, Daphne is only concerned with the discovery of her estranged husband, Henry Barnes  living a downtrodden life as the camp's odd-job man,despite having won the Pools. Major Leafe is determined to give the place a boost and arranges an evening cabaret for the caraveners but a mix-up over the phone secures a stripper, Veronica , rather than the singer he wanted. With Carol and Sandra having hooked up with archaeology students, Bob  and Clive  Fred and Ernie pick up Maureen  and Sally , a couple of beauties from the village. Some wet paint, the rain and their wives soon bring their planned night of passion to a halt!"] ['Sidney Stratton, a brilliant young research chemist and former Cambridge scholarship recipient, has been dismissed from jobs at several textile mills in the north of England because of his demands for expensive facilities and his obsession with inventing an everlasting fibre. Whilst working as a labourer at the Birnley mill, he accidentally becomes an unpaid researcher and invents an incredibly strong fibre which repels dirt and never wears out. From this fabric, a suit is made—which is brilliant white because it cannot absorb dye, and slightly luminous because it includes radioactive elements. Stratton is lauded as a genius until both management and the trade unions realize the consequence of his invention—once consumers have purchased enough cloth, demand will drop precipitously and put the textile industry out of business. The managers try to trick Stratton into signing away the rights to his invention but he refuses. Managers and workers each try to shut him away, but he escapes. The climax sees Stratton running through the streets at night in his glowing white suit, pursued by both the managers and the employees. As the crowd advances, his suit begins to fall apart as the chemical structure of the fibre breaks down with time. The mob, realising the flaw in the process, rip pieces off his suit in triumph, until he is left standing in his underwear. Only Daphne Birnley, the mill-owner\'s daughter, and Bertha, a works labourer, have sympathy for his disappointment. The next day, Stratton is dismissed from his job. Departing, he consults his chemistry notes. A realisation hits, and he exclaims, "I see!" With that he strides off, perhaps to try again elsewhere.'] ['Sing  is a mainland China country boy who arrives in Hong Kong to visit his Uncle "Blackie Tat" . When Sing stays with his uncle and his friends in their apartment, Blackie soon learns of Sing\'s supernatural ability to see through objects and, later on, his ability to change playing cards by rubbing them. He takes advantage of this and turns Sing into the Dou Seng or the "Saint of Gamblers". After getting into a fight with several alleyway gamblers he meets the lovely Yee-Mong , a henchman for the "King of Gamblers", and becomes infatuated with her. Sing quickly becomes a rival to the King and must win his way through a world competition to prove his skill.'] ["Following its predecessor, the film places the 1970s Brady Bunch family in a contemporary 1990s setting, where much of the humor is derived from the resulting culture clash and the utter lack of awareness they show toward their relatively unusual lifestyle. One evening, a man claiming to be Carol’s long-lost first husband, Roy Martin, shows up at the suburban Brady residence. He is actually a con man named Trevor Thomas and is there to steal their familiar horse statue that is actually a $20 million ancient artifact. They, portrayed as naïve, believe his story about suffering from amnesia and having plastic surgery after being injured. Throughout Trevor's stay, he is openly hostile to them, his sarcasm and insults completely going over their heads. Eventually, Trevor’s ruse is uncovered by Bobby and Cindy; in retaliation, he kidnaps Carol and takes her and the artifact to a buyer in Hawaii. The remaining Brady family travels to Hawaii to save her and foil his plans. Besides the main storyline, the children have their own subplots in the film. Greg and Marcia both want to move out of their shared rooms and when neither wants to back down, they have to share the attic together. When Trevor's arrival suggests that Carol and Mike might not be married, Greg and Marcia realize they are technically not biologically related. That leads them to realize they are in love with each other, but try to hide it from one another throughout the movie. Eventually both cave in and they share a kiss at the end of the movie. Jan’s subplot involves her making up a pretend boyfriend named George Glass in order to make herself seem more popular. Peter, who is trying to decide what career path to choose, starts idolizing and emulating Trevor. Bobby and Cindy start a “Detective Agency” hunting down her missing doll, an act that inadvertently leads them to discover Trevor’s true intentions."] ['The movie chronicles the adventures of a Polish theater company before and during Nazi occupation, especially those of the resident ham, Josef Tura, and his wife, Maria. The film opens with the seemingly impossible appearance of Adolf Hitler in Warsaw before the 1939 invasion. We discover this is a local actor, Bronski, who is playing Hitler in a new work satirizing the Nazis. During rehearsals, Bronski\'s resemblance to Hitler was called into question, so he took to the streets to prove himself. His effort fails when a young girl asks for the autograph of "Mr. Bronski." The action then shifts to later that night, when the theater company is performing Shakespeare\'s Hamlet, with Tura in the title role. Bronski commiserates with his friend and colleague, Greenberg, about always being the ones to "carry a spear," instead of having starring roles. Greenberg reveals it has always been his dream to perform Shylock, especially the famous "Hath not a Jew eyes?..." speech. Meanwhile, Maria is inspecting a bouquet of flowers she received from a handsome young pilot named Lt. Stanislav Sobinski. She arranges to meet him, telling Sobinski to come to her dressing room when Tura begins his "To be or not to be..." speech, so they can be sure of privacy. The young man walks out  when Tura begins his monologue — causing the highly-strung actor great distress. Sobinski and Maria begin an affair but soon after Germany declares war on Poland and Sobinski leaves to join the fight. A montage and voice-over show us Hitler conquering Poland, and tell us that the Polish division of the British Royal Air Force is fighting to free its mother country. We cut to this very division, where Lt. Sobinski and other young pilots are singing with an apparent Polish resistance leader named Prof. Siletsky. Siletsky hints he will return to Warsaw soon, but Sobinski is suspicious when he gives Siletsky a message for Maria Tura and he doesn\'t know who the famous actress is. Sobinski\'s superiors send him to Warsaw to warn the resistance. He manages to reach Maria, who passes the message on in his stead. Immediately after, she is stopped by two Nazi soldiers, who have been ordered by Siletsky to bring her to his hotel. Siletsky delivers Sobinski\'s message and invites Maria to dinner, hoping to recruit her as a spy for the Nazis. She pretends to be interested and goes home "to change her clothes." Just before she arrives at her apartment, Tura returns and Maria, Tura and Stanislav end up in a three-way conversation in which Maria and Stanislav try to figure out what to do , and Tura tries to figure out what on Earth is going on. In the end, Tura proclaims that he will kill Siletsky. Later that evening, Mrs. Tura returns to the professor\'s room and pretends to be attracted to him. Just as they kiss, there is a knock at the door. It is a Nazi officer . He informs the professor that he is wanted at Gestapo headquarters, but actually escorts him to the theater, which has been hastily disguised with props and costumes from the play. Tura pretends to be Col. Ehrhardt of the Gestapo, and Siletsky gives him the report containing the names and addresses of the families of the Polish pilots. He also reveals that Sobinski gave him a message for Maria and that the line "to be or not to be" was the signal for their rendezvous. Tura reacts in an insanely jealous way and declares he will have Maria arrested. Noting this overreaction, Siletsky quickly figures out that he has been duped, pulls a gun on Tura and tries to escape, but is shot and killed by Sobinski on the stage of the theater. Tura returns to the hotel disguised as Siletsky in a fake beard and glasses, to destroy the information about the Polish resistance that Siletsky has in his trunk. Unfortunately, he\'s met at the hotel by the real Col. Ehrhardt\'s adjutant, Capt. Schultz, and taken to meet Ehrhardt himself. Luckily, Tura manages to pass himself off as Siletsky and learns during their meeting that Hitler himself will visit Poland the next day. The next day, the real Siletsky\'s body is discovered in the theater. Ehrhardt sends for Maria to tell her, but she is unable to warn Tura in time, and he arranges another meeting with Ehrhardt, again posing as Siletsky. When Tura arrives, Ehrhardt sends him into a room with Siletsky\'s dead body in it, hoping to frighten him into a confession. Ad libbing like a pro, however, Tura shaves off Siletsky\'s beard and then attaches a spare fake beard that he was carrying in his pocket. He then calls Ehrhardt into the room and manipulates him into pulling Siletsky\'s now-fake beard off. This seems to prove that the real Siletsky was actually the imposter, but just as Tura is about to make his escape, the other actors  storm into Ehrhardt\'s office, yank off Tura\'s false beard and pretend to drag him away to prison. This gets Tura out of Gestapo headquarters, but now he cannot leave the country on the plane Ehrhardt had arranged for him, and it\'s only a matter of time before the actors\' ruse is discovered. Now the actors make their boldest gambit of all. The Nazis put on a show at the theater to welcome Hitler, and Sobinski and the actors sneak in dressed as Nazis. Prominent among them is Bronski, initially without his Hitler mustache from the play. The actors hide in the powder rooms until Hitler arrives and takes his seat, and then, as the Nazis are singing the German national anthem inside, Greenberg suddenly appears from the ladies\' room and charges toward Hitler\'s box. This distracts the Führer\'s guards long enough for Bronski, now wearing a Hitler mustache, to emerge unnoticed from the men\'s room and pretend to have come out of Hitler\'s box surrounded by his "entourage." Playing the head of Hitler\'s men, Tura demands to know what Greenberg wants from the Führer, and Greenberg finally gets his chance to deliver Shylock\'s famous speech, infusing it with all his love for Poland and his hatred of the Nazis that have subjugated it. He ends with a ringing "if you wrong us, shall we not revenge?!" and Tura orders his "officers" to take Greenberg away. He also recommends that Bronski/Hitler leave Poland immediately, and all the actors march out, get in Hitler\'s car and drive away. Back at her apartment, Maria is waiting for the actors to pick her up. They all intend to leave on Hitler\'s plane, but Col. Ehrhardt shows up and tries to seduce her. Ehrhardt is utterly floored, however, when the door opens and Bronski walks in disguised as Hitler. Equally shocked, Bronski turns and walks out in silence, but Ehrhardt immediately thinks that Maria is having an affair with Hitler and he has just been caught trying to steal the Führer\'s girl. It\'s the perfect opportunity for Maria, who dashes after Bronski calling, "Mein Führer, Mein Führer!" All the actors take off in the plane. They easily dispose of the real Nazi pilots — Bronski, still dressed as Hitler, simply orders them to jump out of the plane ; the mindlessly obedient pilots instantly leap to their deaths. Sobinski flies the plane to Scotland, where Bronski causes a little surprise when he parachutes into a farmer\'s bale of hay in his Hitler costume and makeup. The actors are soon revealed as heroes. Asked what reward he\'d like for his service to the Allies, Tura hems and haws in a show of false modesty, but Maria quickly answers in his stead, "he wants to play Hamlet." In the movie\'s final scene, Tura is once again on stage as Hamlet and reaches the moment of "To be or not to be." He eyeballs Sobinski in the audience as he begins the speech, but both of them are struck dumb when a new young man gets up and heads backstage.'] ['Newly elected to Congress, former local television news reporter Evan Baxter  leaves his hometown of Buffalo, New York and moves to the fictional town of Prestige Crest, Virginia, where his campaign promise to "change the world" is ridiculed by some, but Evan remains optimistic about his new position at the beginning of the film. On the first day on his job, Evan is given a spacious office and is invited to co-sponsor a bill with Congressman Chuck Long , something rare for a first-timer. His family is happy, but due to the change in their situation to the move when Evan\'s wife, Joan  prays that Evan will have a greater sense of togetherness. Everything seems to be going well for Evan. Soon after Evan\'s election to Congress, strange things start to happen in his household: # Evan\'s alarm clock repeatedly goes off at 6:14 A.M., despite being set for a different time every night. # Large quantities of ancient tools and wood are delivered to Evan\'s house daily without explanation. # Animals follow Evan without any apparent reason . # Evan grows a beard that is restored wholly every time he shaves. # Eight vacant lots in Prestige Crest are purchased in Evan\'s name. # A mysterious company named GO-4-WOOD delivers a shipment of lumber that Evan did not order. # The number "614" follows Evan everywhere he goes. Evan soon learns that 614 refers to the verse in the Book of Genesis, where God  instructs Noah to build an Ark in preparation for a flood. God appears to Evan and cordially insisting that Evan should build an Ark as well. Although Evan resists, God follows him using different guises and convinces Evan to build the Ark. Joan, concerned about his behavior, believes that Evan is having a mid-life crisis. Without Joan\'s support, Evan enlists his three sons, Dylan, Jordan, and Ryan (Johnny Simmons, [[Graham Phillips  to build the Ark. Reappearing, God tells Evan the flood will come on September 22 at midday.  Animals continue to follow Evan around, getting increasingly annoying as time passes. At first, Long is unimpressed, and allows this behavior to occur, but warns Evan that he will not want any more animal surprises. Unfortunately, the animals follow Evan to Congress numerous times, despite his efforts to detain them. This compels Evan to confess Long, other Congressmen, and the television cameras broadcasting the meeting is that the reason for the animals, strange behavior, robe, and beard is because of God convincing Evan to build the Ark. Humiliating both Congress and the controversial Public Land Act bill that Long is attempting to pass, Evan is temporarily suspended from Congress and removed from Long\'s bill. As security guards kicks Evan out of Congress, some birds poop on Long\'s face upon Evan\'s departure. Joan becomes angry and disappointed on Evan\'s behavior and leaves Evan alone because she believes he is insane. Evan does not let this stop himself and continues to build the Ark alone, gaining international notice and public ridicule. Meanwhile, God appears to Joan, disguised as a waiter at a diner with his name tag "Al Mighty". In this disguise, God tells Joan that he believes himself and does not give things, but only the opportunity by which to obtain things, and gives an example of family togetherness. Having a revelation, Joan returns to Evan with newfound faith to finish the Ark together. Meanwhile, Evan is informed by his three congressional colleagues, Rita, Marty, and Eugene  that Long has unexpectedly given an approval to build a dam near Prestige Crest and has cut corners in building codes in doing so. On September 22, Evan loads hundreds of animals onto the newly finished Ark in front of hundreds of spectators and live news crews, and invites the crowd to join them, but is made fun of. However, the police arrive in Prestige Crest with a wrecking ball and attempt to destroy the Ark because of its violation of numerous building codes within the town. Noon arrives, and minutes pass with no sign of rain, provoking spectator scorn. A short downburst of rain does come, but it is short-lived. Joan asks Evan to leave the Ark, explaining that Evan has built it and succeeded in his mission; but at this moment, Evan sees Long\'s dam burst from the distance. With the water from the dam rushing towards them, all of the spectators, reporters, and policemen immediately seek refuge in the Ark, which rides the flood through the streets and historical landmarks of Washington, D.C.. The Ark eventually reaches its final destination in front of the Capitol, where other Congressmen greeted the Ark by crashing into the side of the structure. Long, who is outraged that the flood did really happen earlier, is told by Evan that the flood was caused by his defective dam, but Long did not believe this, and tells Evan already that this would not happen again. Those events entice Evan and other Congressmen to turn against Long by demanding him to step down from office. While Congress was investigating Long about his defective dam, Evan celebrates the events by going on a hiking trip along with Joan, three sons, and his newly adopted dog, where God reappears and tells Evan that the way to change the world is by doing one Act of Random Kindness  at a time. The film ends when Evan and God doing a happy dance together before God disappears, leaving Evan, Joan, and three sons behind.'] ["Mildred Turner , Arthur Turner's bored housewife, seeks psychiatric help from Dr.Alan Coles who also solves his own emotional problems.http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0050795/"] ['Gene Loomis  and his brother Dennis  live on a military base in Key West, Florida; their father is away onboard one of the nearby submarines. After leaving the announcement of an exclusive engagement of Lawrence Woolsey\'s  Mant!, including Woolsey\'s appearance in-person, they arrive home to John F. Kennedy\'s television interruption, stating the presence of Soviet missiles in Cuba. Woolsey finds this atmosphere of fear to be the perfect environment in which to open his film, Mant! in Atomo-Vision and Rumble-Rama. Woolsey brings along Herb Denning  and Bob  to stir up the yokels by protesting the film, but Howard, the theatre manager , assures him that "the people of Key West are not yokels". Indeed, the progressive Jack and Rhonda  find a strong free speech argument in allowing the film to proceed. New to the local high school, and not getting along with the similarly-aged Andy  on the base, Gene ends up associating with Stan , and becomes infatuated with Jack and Rhonda\'s daughter, Sandra , after she takes a detention for protesting the uselessness of an air raid drill and yelling the truth of the faux protection at the students in the hall. In attempting to get a date to the dance, Stan goes for Sherry , who was seeing a prison poet, Harvey Starkweather , who regularly bothers Stan about his interest in her . The film is structured in halves: the first half leading up to the screening, and the second half depicting the screening and what goes on at and around it. The film also showed the differences in two young women who would eventually become the girlfriends of the two boys in the film. The girlfriend of Gene had more progressive ideas of what a woman might become, whereas the eventual girlfriend of Stan was more in line with what society at the time of the film thought a young lady should be. The film also includes scenes from Mant!  that sharply skewer cheap 1950s sci-fi and horror flicks.'] ['Scooter  is a teen from a wealthy Beverly Hills family. After his plastic surgeon father  remarries, Scooter is virtually ignored by his father and stepmother ([[Terry Moore , and treated badly by his two other spoiled siblings, Sterling  and Tiffany . Scooter devises a plan to fake his own kidnapping to get his parents\' attention and enlists the help of two bumbling crooks, Clive  and Elmo . After Scooter is "kidnapped" and a ransom is demanded, he quickly realizes that his plan failed to work and his parents don\'t miss him.'] ['On a dark and stormy night in the 1930s, a number of people gather at an isolated country estate to hear the reading of the will of the wealthy Sinas Cavinder, including: wealthy nephew Burling Famish Jr.  and his wife Pristy ; Pristy\'s dim-witted lover Teak Armbruster ; big-game hunter Jack Tugdon ; the foppish Lord Partfine ; elderly Mrs. Hausenstout ; kindly Seyton Ethelquake ; and the fragile Sabasha Fanmoore , Cavinder\'s ward. They are joined by rival reporters Eight O\'Clock Faraday  and Billy Tuesday  along with cab driver Happy Codburn , to whom Faraday owes "toity-five cents" . The party grows by two when psychic Mrs. Cupcupboard  and "stranded motorist" Ray Vestinhaus  arrive unexpectedly. The large group gathers in the home\'s parlor so that lawyer Farper Twyly  can read the will. Before Twyly begins, the guests note the unusual threats surrounding the estate: Sabasha has been the subject of mysterious death threats; a serial killer known as the "Cavinder Strangler" is still at large and in the area; and it happens to be the same night on which the 300-year-old ghost of Sarah Cavinder is supposed to return. Twyly reads the will, revealing that some characters receive trivial gifts and other substantial ones. The bulk of the estate is given to Sabasha, but with the clause that upon her death the estate would then be given to Burling. Twyly then reveals the existence of an additional letter that amends the will; he discovers that it has been stolen, but assures the group that he and only he knows the contents. Before he can recite the letter, the lights are turned off. When they are turned back on, the group discovers that Twyly has been stabbed to death. When Ray tells the group that the only bridge back to town collapsed behind him, Faraday and Tuesday suggest that they all wait until morning for the police to arrive. However, at the stroke of midnight, Pristy is strangled by a masked killer. Dr. Van Von Vandervon  arrives and announces that he\'s tracked an escaped lunatic to the house, but because of the nature of his work , he is not sure what the patient looks like, or even if it\'s a man or woman. Over the course of the evening, the group attempts to find both the letter and clues leading to the killer. A seance is held by Mrs. Cupcupboard, but the spirit  is of no help. Mrs. Hausenstout occasionally pops up with a gorilla  in tow, and a police inspector  arrives--and is promptly killed. As the night progresses, Jack, Teak, Seyton and Dr. Von Vandervon are murdered, as is Archie the cook . Happy discovers a woman  locked in an attic room. Although the group assumes she is the ghost of Sarah Cavinder, the housemaid Jane  tells them that she is Thessaly, the confrontational and slightly insane daughter of Sinas Cavinder. Jane also knows the contents of the letter and tells Faraday and Tuesday that the letter makes Thessaly, not Sabasha, the inheritor of the estate. Faraday and Tuesday track down and confront the guilty parties--Burling and Sabasha, who began the night working independently but who later "joined forces" to knock off their rivals to the inheritance. Faraday and Tuesday also deduce that the real Sabasha is dead and that the woman pretending to be her is actually Dr. Von Vandervon\'s escaped lunatic. Burling threatens to blow up the house unless Faraday and Tuesday turn over the letter, but he is accidentally electrocuted after being confronted by Thessaly. Ray appears and admits that he is actually Bax Tremblay, a police investigator working undercover. He, Faraday, and Tuesday attempt to apprehend the false Sabasha, but she strangles herself to death to avoid capture. The next morning, Thessaly takes possession of the estate. Faraday proposes marriage to Tuesday and she accepts; the two of them agree to share their newspaper "scoop." They are driven away by Happy, who belatedly realizes that because he left the cab\'s meter running all night, Faraday owes him $87.42.'] ['The film is set in a post-apocalyptic future, where the vast majority of humanity has died, not due to a nuclear war, but rather due to a viral epidemic. The remaining humans have reverted to primitive tribalism. After killing his father for sexually assaulting his girlfriend, the son of a tribal leader is banished from the tribe, along with his friends. They eventually stumble upon a solar-powered city whose only two inhabitants are genetically modified to survive the plague. They view themselves as superhuman mutants who intend to recreate humanity in their own image.'] ['Extreme Movie takes the course of several different vignettes with Matthew Lillard\'s sex advice is intercut within every couple segments. Mike  tries to impress his crush, Stacy . Fred  meets a girl  online and they arrange for "menacing action", only for Fred to break into the wrong apartment. The promiscuous Betty  going to the "next level"  with Chuck , and later Fred. Justin  buys a vibrating vagina and falls in love with it, all the time while crushing on another girl; the vibrating vagina has a personality of its own and commits "suicide" when Justin rejects it. A Real Sex-esque skit where a girl admits to having sex with two black men on camera. Two guys, Barry and Leon ([[Kevin Hart , create a woman on their computer, only for her to run wild. Jessica , in an attempt to become horny, puts her vibrating cell phone in her vagina, only for it to fall in. Len ([[Ben Feldman  wakes up to find a girl and another guy  in his bed, and his parents home as well; the whole thing turns out to be a hidden camera show. Sex education teacher Mr. Matthews  teaches his class with no rules and a lot of embarrassment, usually centering on Mike. Ronny , obsessed with Abraham Lincoln, creates a time machine and travels back in time to have sex with Lincoln .'] ["With a fanbase that rivaled Star Trek{{'}}s, The Junior Defenders was one of the top TV hits of the late '70s. 25 years following the show's sudden cancellation, a crazed fan named Norman is still obsessed with the show. In his mania, Norman treks across the country in a stolen Winnebago, kidnapping the four washed-up former child stars, Jill, Mitch, Jimmy, and Tommy, from his beloved childhood program. The kidnappings spark a national media frenzy. Once in Hollywood, Norman takes over a soundstage and forces the cast at gunpoint to act in his brand-new episode of The Junior Defenders."] ['Cotton Weary, now living in Los Angeles and the host of a nationally syndicated television show, 100% Cotton, is called by Ghostface who demands the whereabouts of Sidney Prescott who has gone into seclusion since the events of Scream 2. He refuses and both Cotton and his girlfriend Christine are murdered. Detective Mark Kincaid meets with Gale Weathers to discuss the murders prompting her to travel to Hollywood, where she finds Dewey Riley working as an advisor on the set of Stab 3, the third film in the film within a film series based on the Ghostface murders. After Ghostface kills Stab 3 actress Sarah Darling with the help of a voice changer that can perfectly mimic various voices. Sidney is now living reclusively as a crisis counselor for an abused women\'s hotline, as she is terrified that another killer may strike. The killer begins taunting Sidney by phone, having discovered her phone number, forcing her out of hiding and drawing her to Hollywood. As the remaining Stab 3 cast gather at the home of Jennifer Jolie, Ghostface kills her bodyguard Steven Stone and uses a gas-leak to cause an explosion, killing fellow actor Tom Prinze. Dewey, Gale, Jennifer and the remaining "Stab 3" actors Angelina Tyler and Tyson Fox attend a birthday party for the director Roman Bridger where Ghostface strikes. Roman, Angelina, Tyson and Jennifer are killed and Ghostface orders Sidney to the mansion to save Gale and Dewey\'s lives, as they are tied up. Sidney is forced to remove her firearm, and detective Kincaid gives her his gun, which she uses to shoot the killer. Sidney flees and hides in a secret screening room where she discovers Ghostface. He reveals himself as Roman, having faked his death and survived being shot due to a bullet proof vest. Roman admits to being Sidney\'s half-brother, born to their mother Maureen Prescott when she was an actress in Hollywood. Roman details how, upon finding Maureen, she rejected him and he took his revenge by convincing Billy Loomis to kill her, sparking the events of Scream and Scream 2. However, when he discovered how much fame Sidney got because of those events, Roman snapped and lured Sidney out of hiding. Sidney and Roman fight and Sidney fatally stabs Roman. Dewey and Gale arrive and Roman jumps to his feet. He is stunned by gunfire from Dewey. Sidney informs Dewey that Roman is wearing a bulletproof vest. Dewey kills Roman with a shot to the forehead. In the aftermath of the murders, Dewey asks Gale for her hand in marriage, which she accepts, and they settle down to watch a film, accompanied by Sidney and Detective Kincaid. As Sidney goes to join the others, a door behind her opens, but she walks away leaving it as is, finally confident that the murders have ended and that she is now safe.'] ['In London, a gang of criminals from Australia led by Jack Coombes  impersonate policemen to carry out robberies. Local gang leader "Pearly" Gates , who operates from the cover of a French couturier, finds his takings cut severely, and blames rival crook "Nervous" O\'Toole . When it emerges that they are both being scammed by the same gang, they join forces, along with Lionel Jeffries\' Police Inspector "Nosey" Parker, to bring the so-called "I.P.O. mob"  to justice. Nanette Newman provides the love interest, the ubiquitous John Le Mesurier plays a senior policeman, and a young Michael Caine has a small and uncredited role as a young PC. Other uncredited roles include John Junkin , Dennis Price , Cardew Robinson , Dick Emery , Mario Fabrizi , John Harvey , Harold Siddons , Jack Silk , Derek Guyler , Gerald Sim  and Marianne Stone .'] ['A pirate captain known as the Hook  buries his treasure on an island and kills the map maker so no one else will find it. He and his cut-throat crew go after the Mary Ann, a ship on which Princess Margaret  is running away from her father, the King , so she can marry a commoner. The Hook plans to hold her for a large ransom. A cowardly actor, Sylvester the Great , is in the cabin next door to Margaret. The Hook\'s ship, The Avenger attacks the Mary Ann and after a big fight, the crew are killed or made to walk the plank by the pirates. Sylvester escapes by disguising himself as a gypsy woman and is taken on board The Avenger with Margaret. The Ship\'s aged tattooist, Featherhead  has taken a fancy to the gypsy which is all that saves the disguised Sylvester. It turns out that he guessed the gypsy was a man and involves Sylvester in his plot to get the Hook\'s treasure for himself. He gives him the treasure map and helps Sylvester and Margaret escape in a boat and they are to pass the stolen map to Featherhead\'s cousin on the pirate island of Casarouge. The couple make it to the island which is extremely bloodthirsty. The couple check in at the Boar\'s Head Inn where they are to meet the cousin  and do an act at the Bucket of Blood to get some money to pay for their stay. Margaret is kidnapped and Sylvester goes to the Governor   to complain only to find out he was the kidnapper. La Roche has recognised Princess Margaret and plans on holding her for a million doubloon ransom. He stops Sylvester from leaving, planning to ransom him for 100,000 doubloons, sure that the King will want to hang him. Sylvester is well looked after and helps Margaret who is on a hunger strike. The Hook is in with La Roche and they threaten nasty things for the possessor of the map. Featherhead turns up under Sylvester\'s bed and knocks out Sylvester who wants to destroy the map to save his skin. Featherhead tattoos the map on the chest of the unconscious Sylvester and when he recovers, they both eat it. After a meeting, the Hook guesses Sylvester is the gypsy who stole the map and returns to the Governor\'s house to kill him. The Governor sees the map on Sylvester\'s chest as the Hook arrives. The Hook chases him but is stopped from killing Sylvester by Featherhead who shoots him. As he has not returned, Pedro , the Hook\'s second-in-command leads a raid on the Governor\'s house to rescue the Hook and after a big fight, inadvertently rescues Sylvester who has disguised himself as the Hook, along with Margaret. Back on The Avenger, Sylvester as the Hook starts giving orders, not knowing that the real Hook has just been grazed by the bullet and is now also on the ship. Contradictory orders flow from the two different Hooks at different times, till Sylvester is unmasked. In chains and ready to kill themselves, The Avenger is attacked and they believe it is La Roche. It however turns out to be the King\'s ship and both are released . The King says he is not going to stand in Margaret\'s way if she wants to marry a commoner and she rushes forwards. Sylvester is shocked as she passes him and into the arms of another man, Bing Crosby, who is playing a sailor. Indignantly, Sylvester says; "That is the last picture I do for Goldwyn" .'] ['The film opens in a villa in Madrid, Spain, where Diego, the archetypical Spanish Don Juan, is in bed with a beautiful woman – who, we learn shortly, is not his wife, but someone else\'s. The couple are caught by her husband, Garcia, who "is not in Barcelona", as they previously thought. Diego, with considerable panache, fights Garcia and his five brothers with swords. During the fight, Diego\'s mute servant Paco  reads a letter  from Diego\'s father requesting that Diego return to California. Diego and Paco escape by jumping from a high wall directly into a waiting carriage. Diego and Paco arrive in Los Angeles, where they are met by Diego\'s childhood friend Esteban , who has become Capitán of the local guard. We also learn that Esteban has married Florinda , for whom the men competed when they were boys. Esteban delivers the sad news that Diego\'s father was killed in a riding accident, when his horse was frightened by a turtle. Esteban is acting Alcalde in the senior de la Vega\'s stead until a new one can be chosen by the Dons  of the area. At the meeting of the Dons, each introduces himself and where he resides. Each Don\'s surname is that of a well-known city in California, but none of the surnames and place names match, with amusing results: * Don Diego from San Fernando * Don Francisco from San Jose * Don Fernando from San Diego * Don Jose from San Bernardino * Don Luis Obispo from Bakersfield, who wears an ascot Esteban is elected Alcalde via an obviously fixed election, and gives his inaugural speech to the assembled peasants in the village plaza. He is interrupted mid-speech by Charlotte Taylor-Wilson, a wealthy political activist from Boston. She and Diego meet, and despite their political differences, there is an immediate attraction. Relaxing at the de la Vega villa, Diego receives an invitation to a masked ball to celebrate Esteban\'s election. He is also given his inheritance, which turns out to be Zorro\'s cape, hat and sword. A note from his father tells Diego the truth: his father was Zorro. Diego decides that it is the perfect costume for the ball. On the way to the ball, Diego witnesses a peasant being robbed by a criminal. Giving chase, Diego confronts and defeats the highwayman, and returns the money to the peasant, instructing him to spread the news that El Zorro has returned. At the ball, Diego  dances with Florinda while the old peasant informs the people outside that Zorro has indeed returned. At the same time, we learn that the robber was in fact Velasquez, the area\'s tax collector, who reports the theft to Alcalde Esteban – and points out Diego. A duel ensues, and Diego escapes by again jumping from a high wall, but injures his right foot in the process. Unable to walk without a noticeable limp, he hobbles away. Esteban and Velasquez plan to use the injury to track Zorro down. Later that night, a drunk Florinda attempts to seduce Diego in his bedroom, but Esteban arrives to speak about the events of the evening. Esteban begins to suspect that Diego is Zorro, but Diego is able to convince him that his foot is not injured. Esteban leaves, satisfied. A reign of terror begins, including wholesale torture and increased taxation. Diego is frustrated that, because of his injury, he cannot fulfill his destiny as Zorro. Enter Diego\'s decidedly gay twin brother Ramon, who joined the Royal Navy and adopted the pseudonym Bunny Wigglesworth. Diego brings Bunny up to date on what has been happening, and Bunny agrees to stand in as Zorro – using a whip instead of a sword, and with gaily colorful costumes. Zorro continues to elude capture, much to the anger of Esteban and the Dons. Esteban hatches a plan to lure Zorro to the Alcalde\'s residence by throwing another ball to show off Florinda\'s expensive new necklace. Seeing through the plan, Diego arrives, dressed as Zorro – and so do the rest of the Dons and male party guests, telling Esteban that a mysterious servant instructed them to dress as Zorro. Adding to the confusion, Bunny appears in drag, masquerading as \'Margarita\' Wigglesworth, Diego\'s cousin from Santa Barbara. Esteban is smitten and calls her \'Wiggy\'. Bunny succeeds in spilling a drink on Florinda, and in the resulting attempts to clean her dress, makes off with the necklace. Bunny then returns to the Royal Navy, informing Diego that Charlotte Taylor-Wilson is in love with Zorro. Diego and Charlotte confess their love for each other at the plaza, but they are seen by an operative of Esteban\'s. Esteban has her arrested and sentenced to death to again lure Zorro to capture. At the last moment, Diego surrenders to Esteban in order to save Charlotte. Zorro is immediately sentenced to death. Seconds before Diego is to be shot, Bunny returns to free his brother, and with Charlotte\'s aid they finally incite the peasants to rebellion. Esteban\'s own guards rebel as well, and at the end even Florinda turns against her husband. Esteban is defeated, and Diego and Charlotte ride off, planning their wedding.'] ['During the 1970s, Elvis Presley  grew tired of the demands of his fame and switched places with an Elvis impersonator named Sebastian Haff . It was Haff who eventually died in 1977, while the real Elvis lived in quiet, happy anonymity and made a living pretending to be himself. After a propane explosion destroyed documentation which was the only proof that he was actually Elvis, he was unable to return to his old lifestyle. A hip injury during a performance causes him to get an infection and slip into a coma. Twenty years later, in an East Texas nursing home  as the film opens, he is contemplating his age, frailty, loss of dignity, impotence, and "A growth on [his] pecker". Elvis\'s only friend is a black man named Jack  who insists he is President John F. Kennedy, claiming to have been dyed black after the assassination, and abandoned by Lyndon Johnson in a nursing home. The truth behind his identity remains unclear, but Elvis does spot a mysterious scar on the back of Jack\'s head. It could be from the head wound seen in the Zapruder film, but then it might not be. Eventually, Elvis and Jack face off against a re-animated ancient Egyptian mummy that was stolen during a U.S. museum tour, and then lost during a severe storm in East Texas when the thieves\' bus veered into a river near the nursing home. The mummy strangely takes on the garb of a cowboy and feeds on the souls of the residents of the home. It is dubbed \'Bubba Ho-Tep\' by Elvis, who is given a telepathic flashback of the mummy\'s life and death when he looks into its eyes. The slow, plodding mummy is a real and credible threat, as instead of going against young adults who could potentially outrun it, the mummy gives chase to the elderly heroes who lack mobility and need a motorized wheelchair and a walker to get around the grounds. Elvis and Jack create an elaborate plan to destroy the mummy. Destruction of the mummy would release the trapped souls of their dead friends, and they would be able to go to their final resting place. Elvis and Jack battle the mummy in the middle of the night, with Jack in an electric wheelchair and Elvis wielding a makeshift flamethrower. Jack is knocked out of his wheelchair by the mummy and is about to have his soul sucked. Elvis hops in the wheelchair, zooms into the mummy to save Jack, and damages the flamethrower, getting a large gash in his abdomen in the process. Jack dies from a heart attack. Elvis becomes committed to getting rid of the mummy, and he throws the gasoline on him and then throws matches at him, killing the mummy. Elvis lies on a hill near the river bank, dying from the blood loss from the gash and broken ribs. He talks in his mind about how he doesn\'t fear death, knowing that he still had his soul and that he saved all of the fellow people at the Shady Rest Retirement Home. As he reflects upon this, the stars align into a message for Elvis saying "all is well". With a dying "Thank you, thank you very much," Elvis passes away.'] ["Brenda  and Yvonne , two girls from the North of England, arrive in London to seek fame and fortune. However, their image of the city is quickly tarnished when they are robbed of their savings. Determined not to let her chance slip, Yvonne visits Carnaby Street in the hope of catching the eye of a trendy photographer, whilst Brenda gets a job in a 'greasy spoon' cafe. Yvonne does get spotted by a trendy photographer, Tom Wabe , but for all the wrong reasons; she is singled out for being poorly dressed. After several unsuccessful job attempts, Yvonne accidentally wins the star prize in a television game show and decides to invest the prize money on being a pop star. Her single, I'm So Young, though patently awful, becomes a big hit and she and Brenda drift apart. However, at a glamorous party  the girls realise the shallowness of the media business and decide to return home."] ['Benjamin Fiedler  is the 13-year-old and Jewish son of Adam and Joanne Fiedler . After attending the elaborate bar mitzvah party for the son of Arnie Stein ([[Larry Miller  - which was done on a cruise ship, with a Titanic theme - Benjamin\'s parents decide to go all out for his bar mitzvah. The plan is to rent Dodger Stadium for the bar mitzvah party, complete with movie stars and everything. Adam even books Neil Diamond to sing the National Anthem. However, Benjamin does not want to go through with it, as he does not even understand the words of the haftorah he has to read as part of his bar mitzvah rite. To try to stall the planning, he secretly invites his grandfather Irwin , who is now living on an Indian reservation with a New Age woman named Sacred Feather . When Benjamin\'s grandfather arrives, it puts a kink in the planning - as Irwin had a falling out with his son Adam, both for having left Adam when he was a teenager, and for Adam\'s own humiliating bar mitzvah. Irwin must then pull off somehow reconciling with his son while helping his grandson deal with the question of what it means to be a "man." Now appreciating his bar mitzvah not as an excuse to throw a party but rather as a rite of passage in his Jewish life, Benjamin gets up the courage to tell his parents to call off the over-the-top bash they had planned. After he does very well at the service the party is just a casual backyard affair with lunch, a klezmer band  and lots of family and friends.'] ["In a small Florida tourist town named Ticlaw, the Mayor/Preacher Kirby T. Calo  also operates a hotel and tiny wildlife safari park. The town's major draw is a water-skiing elephant named Bubbles. When the state highway commission builds a freeway adjacent to the town, Calo slips an official $10,000 to assure an off ramp. The ramp doesn't come, so the townsfolk literally paint the town pink to attract visitors. Meanwhile, tourists from various parts of the United States, shown in a series of concurrent, ongonig vigenettes, are heading to Florida and will all end up in Ticlaw, one way or another, including a pair of bank robbers from New York  who pick up a cocaine-dealing hitchhiker ; a Chicago copy machine repairman and wannabe children's author, Duane Hansen , who picks up a waitress, Carmen Odessa Shelby , who is carrying her deceased mother's ashes to Florida; a dentist and his dysfunctonal family , vacationing cross-country in their RV; an elderly woman, Carol , with a drinking problem and her loving husband Sherm , who are heading to Florida to retire; two nuns ; and a wannabe country songwriter hauling a playful rhino and other wild animals to Ticlaw, and more."] ['World-famous European race car driver, Duessel Dorf, comes to America to take on his greatest challenge-stock car racing at Sears Point Raceway. However, Dorf, with his usual skill, soon turns the race into a shambles and sets the world of stock car racing on its ear.'] ['The film centers on five graduate school students in Iowa who live together in a rustic home: Jude , Pete , Paulie , Marc , and Luke . After Zack , a Desert Storm veteran, helps move Pete\'s car, the group invite him to have dinner with them. However, Zack turns out to be a racist, praises Adolf Hitler and denies the historicity of the Holocaust, leading to a tense political debate with the liberal students. The evening takes a turn for the worse, when the veteran, possibly haunted by post traumatic stress disorder, snaps and threatens to rape Paulie, then threatens Marc with a knife. Zack breaks Pete\'s arm but is stabbed to death by Marc. The group decides to cover up the murder. Paulie regrets that the man is dead, even though she and Marc were threatened. After a long discussion led by Luke, the students decide to follow up this event by inviting other right-wing extremists for dinner to murder them, reasoning this would "make the world a better place". The students lay down a procedure for each murder. The guest will be given every opportunity to change his/her mind and recant his/her beliefs. If the guests fail to change his/her ways by dessert, the group offers the guest poisoned white wine from a blue decanter and raises a toast. The bodies are buried in the group\'s vegetable garden. Guests include a homophobic protestant reverend, a misogynistic chauvinist, a Neo-Nazi, an anti-environmentalist, a racist, anti-Semitic Nation of Islam fundamentalist, a Pro-life extremist, a censorship advocate, a hobo assailant , and opponents of gay rights, all of whom are murdered. After ten murders, misgivings begin to surface within the group as a couple of them grow indecisive regarding the justification of their actions. Infighting and guilt compel Jude, Pete, Marc, and Paulie, in an almost unanimous decision with only the dissent of Luke, to spare a teenage opponent of mandatory sex education. A local sheriff , who investigates the whereabouts of a missing girl named Jenny Tyler  comes upon the group. By coincidence, the main suspect in the case is Zack, the first victim, who was also a convicted sex offender. The policewoman grows suspicious of the students’ behavior and interrogates Pete, Marc and Paulie at their home. Finding the sheriff prying around the back yard after one of the murders, Luke also kills the sheriff unbeknownst to the rest of the group. During a school break, Luke and Pete meet famous conservative pundit Norman Arbuthnot, played by Ron Perlman, and invite him to dinner.  During the dinner, Norman stymies the group with his moderate and persuasive arguments, all of which the usually argumentative group have difficulty debunking. He even admits that he says more radically conservative things mostly for attention. The frustrated students all suspiciously excuse themselves to the kitchen to determine Norman\'s fate. Jude warns him not to drink the wine in the blue bottle by saying, "It was left out too long and has gone bad." After a brief discussion, only Luke still wishes to kill Norman, calling him Hitler. After a tense altercation, where he aims a gun at Jude, Luke is dissuaded and breaks down into tears. Meanwhile, Norman examines the group\'s home and pieces together their murderous activities. When the students return to the table. Arbuthnot presents the group with glasses of wine and offers them a toast but does not drink himself, with the excuse that he doesn\'t want to be too intoxicated to fly his private plane. He puffs on a huge cigar and says, "Don\'t worry, I didn\'t pour any of the bad wine." A closing shot of a painting portrays all five students collapsed on the floor, with Norman standing next to the blue bottle and smoking his cigar. The film ends with audio of Norman speculating about his possible presidential bid to a cheering crowd, pledging to do the people\'s will and describing himself as the people\'s "humble, humble, servant".The Last Supper Script - Dialogue Transcript'] ['The film takes place in a 1950s-esque alternate universe where radiation from space has turned the dead into zombies. This resulted in the "Zombie Wars", where humanity battled zombies to prevent a zombie apocalypse, with humanity the ultimate victor. The radiation still plagues humanity, as all those who die after the original contamination turn into the undead, unless the dead body is disposed of by decapitation or cremation. In order to continue living normal lives, communities are fenced with the help of a governing corporation named Zomcon. Zomcon provides collars with accompanying remote controls to control the zombies\' hunger for flesh so as to use them as slaves or servants. In the town of Willard, whose name is a reference to the town in the original 1968 Night of the Living Dead, housewife Helen Robinson  buys a zombie in spite of her husband Bill\'s  zombie phobia, as Bill has had bad experiences with zombies having been a veteran of the Zombie Wars. Their son, Timmy , befriends the zombie, naming him "Fido" . One day, Fido\'s collar malfunctions and he kills their next door neighbor, who turns into a zombie. Timmy "kills" the zombified neighbor later, but not before she kills and infects another person, causing a small outbreak. Zomcom security forces quell the situation and then investigate what caused the outbreak. When a pair of local bullies are blamed for the missing neighbor, they capture Fido and Timmy. Fido escapes and runs to find Helen, who comes and rescues Timmy from the bullies , and they try to forget about the whole thing. Several days later, the neighbor\'s body is found and the murder is traced back to Fido, who is taken away to Zomcon where the public is told he will be destroyed. Timmy learns through Cindy Bottoms , daughter of Jonathan Bottoms , Zomcon\'s abusive security chief, that Fido is simply working in a factory at Zomcon. Timmy sets out to rescue him with the help of Mr. Theopolis , previous security chief of Zomcon who was forced into early retirement when it was discovered he was found guilty of fraternization with his female zombie, whom he has remarkably preserved well to retard her decaying process, thus giving her a relatively attractive appearance. Meanwhile, Timmy locates Fido, but is captured by Mr. Bottoms, who attempts to throw Timmy into the zombie-infested "wild zone" that exists outside of the fenced communities. Bill comes to the rescue and is killed by Mr. Bottoms, who in turn is killed by Fido. Timmy is set free and the news media propagandizes that the Zomcom security breach was the fault of rednecks who venture out into the wild zone to hunt zombies for fun. Helen finally learns not to belittle Bill\'s bad experiences from the Zombie Wars by paying for a headless funeral in order to prevent his zombification. The film ends with Fido as a surrogate father and husband, Timmy, Helen and Helen\'s newborn baby by Bill as a new family. They, along with a few neighbors happily enjoy their new domestic lives together, including the zombified Jonathan Bottoms who is now more attentive to his daughter.'] ['Nicholas  runs a filling station in the sticks. In reality, he is helping Dr. Richard Marlowe  capture comely young ladies, so he transfer their life essences to his long-dead wife. Also assisting is Toby , who lovingly shepherds the leftover zombie girls and pounds on bongos during voodoo ceremonies. The hero is a Hollywood screenwriter who, at the end of the picture, turns the experience into a script titled "Voodoo Man." When his producer asks who should star in it, the hero suggests ... Bela Lugosi.'] ['The film opens with a short fragment outside the plot but clearly related on repeated viewings. Grainy, black-and-white, and silent, a title "Once Upon a Time" leads to Latino laborers picking coffee beans while armed foremen push rudely between them. One worker  pockets a few beans  but is seen by a foreman. He is next seen before a fat Caucasian magistrate who loses some saliva as he removes his cigar only to say "Guilty." The foreman pulls his machete and lays it across the unfortunate laborer\'s wrists, bound to a wooden block, revealing that he is to lose his hands for the theft of a few beans. The machete lifts, descends, and we see McDowell draw back in a silent scream. The scene blacks out, the word NOW appears onscreen and expands quickly to fill it. During his journey, Travis learns the lesson, reinforced by numerous songs in the soundtrack by Alan Price, that he must abandon his principles in order to succeed, but unlike the other characters he meets he must retain a detached idealism that will allow him to distance himself from the evils of the world. Travis progresses from coffee salesman  to a victim of torture in a government installation and a medical research subject, under the supervision of Dr Millar . In parallel with Travis\' experiences, the film shows 1960s Britain retreating from its imperial past, but managing to retain some influence in the world by means of corrupt dealings with foreign dictators. After finding out his girlfriend is the daughter of Sir James Burgess , an evil industrialist, he is appointed Burgess\' personal assistant. With Dr Munda, the dictator of Zingara, a brutal police state which nevertheless manages to be a playground for wealthy people from the developed world, Burgess sells the regime a chemical called PL45 \'Honey\' for spraying on rebel areas . Burgess connives at having Travis found guilty of fraud, and he is imprisoned for five years. The film then cuts to five years on, when Travis has finished his sentence, become a model prisoner, and converted to Humanism. He is quickly faced with a bewildering series of assaults upon his new found idealism, culminating in a scene in which he is attacked by down and outs who he has been trying to help. The final scene of the film shows him becoming involved in a casting call for a film, with Lindsay Anderson himself playing the director of the film. He is given various props to handle, including a stack of school books and a machine gun. When asked to smile Mick continually asks why. The director slaps Travis with his script book after he fails to understand what is being asked of him. After a cut to black  a slow look of understanding crosses Mick\'s face. The scene then cuts to a party with dancing which includes all of the cast celebrating.'] ['The movie starts off with the live action sequence of two real life guys lying in bed watching Saturday morning cartoons. The two guys are obviously a gay couple. They then find on television, The House of Morecock and the viewer then watches what the twosome can see on their TV. We are then introduced to Jonas Morecock, and we then follow him on a series of adventures, including meeting Bigfoot, a chance encounter with a Merman and being face to face with the Loch Ness Monster. All of the situations end up with Jonas having sex with at least one other guy. The film parodies a lot of mainstream television and films including The Little Mermaid, The Blair Witch Project, Godzilla, The X-Files, Titanic, Psycho and Jaws. There are a total of ten episodes contained on the DVD, each featuring a different story involving Jonas.'] ["Sugar Bear , a streetwise detective from San Francisco, is brought to New York City by its chief of police  to take down Big Baby Sweets , a notorious crime lord who controls the entirety of the city's criminal underworld with his right-hand men Big Stank  and Lil' Poot , and his personal security ninja Hack Benjamin . After getting a firsthand look at the police force's incompetence via Officer Harry Cox , Sugar Bear prevents a robbery of a local doughnut shop by one of Big Baby Sweets' thugs, Ape Boy, and begins a romance with a 300-pound stripper, Missy . He soon arrests Big Baby Sweets, Big Stank and Lil' Poot himself, but the police are forced to let them go because of a lack of evidence. The gangsters retaliate by terrorizing the city and sending a pair of stealthy Magic Ninjas to murder Missy, leading Sugar Bear to depressed alcoholism. Sugar Bear's idol, Dolemite , appears before him to reassure him and begin training him to bring down Sweets' evil empire. Sugar Bear kills the Magic Ninjas and Hack Benjamin, and has Big Stank and Lil' Poot carted off by their wealthy, upper-class parents before defeating another one of Big Baby Sweets' henchmen, Cactus Sac , in a wrestling match. During Big Baby Sweets' personal confrontation with Sugar Bear, Sweets is shot by his mother, and Sugar Bear removes Sweets' face paint, revealing him to be Harry Cox."] ["A story about an escaped convict who fools a whole Irish village into thinking he's a visitor from outer space. Zonad, a strange visitor comes to the town of Ballymoran, is taken in by the Cassidy family and accepted by the locals as an extraterrestrial. His comfortable existence is spoiled when Bonad arrives to replace him."] ["Mild-mannered, unassuming Ruben Martinez has a slick, unscrupulous twin brother who now goes by the name Robby Martin. They were orphans raised by a rich landowner named Clifford Downey and his dancer wife, Mona Rowland-Downey. Upon her death, Mona leaves her entire {{convert}} ranch in Santa Barbara, California in the care of only one son, Ruben. The other brother begins plotting how to win control of the property away from his estranged twin. Ruben's main concern at the moment is that his wife Laura has left him. She can't comprehend how her loving husband could have cheated on her with another woman. Ruben tracks her to Chicago, where he meets used-car salesman Lou Perilli. He is assured that Laura will come back to him eventually. In the meantime, being pursued by a tough customer named Nick Zangaro about a debt he owes, Lou decides to make a quick getaway out west to Santa Barbara. Eddie Agopian, a family lawyer, is in charge of watching over Ruben's interests. But suddenly he disappears. Local authorities, including Sheriff Otis and a corrupt judge, have begun harassing Ruben and the dozens of workers and friends who live at the ranch. They are the stooges of powerful businessman Reed Tyler, who has business interests with Ruben's brother, Robby. Lou becomes a partner to the timid Ruben by promising to help him with his legal troubles. Lou has no lawyer experiences, but begins doing some investigating on Ruben's behalf and does the best he can in court. He also helps Ruben track down Eddie, who has absconded to Mexico with a stash of money. A scam is exposed, revealing to Laura that it was not her husband who had relations with another woman but Robby, his evil twin. Ruben, Laura and Lou quickly hatch a scheme of their own, catching the sheriff and judge in compromising positions and luring Robby into one with the help of a couple of young women hired for the occasion. The relationship between the brothers is healed a bit, if not completely, by the end as Ruben finds happiness at the ranch with his wide assortment of friends and family."] ['Failing UHF TV station KRUD, Channel 17, is "reborn" as Christian television station KGOD. The new format is a big success but attracts an incompatible mix of fringe ministries and broadcasters wanting time on the station. A series of humorous vignettes show the different religious shows the station broadcasts: a faith healer, a radical black nationalist preacher, a preacher with a drive-in church, a Christian game show, etc. The film is very similar in both plot and style to the film UHF which was released in 1989.David Nusair, "Six Comedy Cult Classics from MGM", reelfilm.com, November 2005Scott Weinberg, "Pray TV", DVD Talk, November 15, 2005'] ['{{plot}} The film starts with a breaking news report announcing that the flying gimp has been destroyed. The news break ends to reveal "The Skye Daley Show", already in progress. Skye  is interviewing beloved former child star Ricky Coogin . Rather bluntly, Skye asks how Ricky so quickly went from one of America\'s sweethearts to a name that makes children scream in terror. It all began when he accepted a job from the slimy mega-corporation E.E.S.  to promote "Zygrot 24", a controversial and lethal toxic fertilizer, in South America. Although hesitant at first, the greedy, self-centered Coogin caves in after their sleazy chairman ([[William Sadler  offers him $5,000,000 and he hops on the first plane to South America with his buddy Ernie . During their flight, the duo have a run-in with Ricky\'s number one fan Stuey Gluck . Showing no compassion at all, Ricky quickly brushes Stuey off, causing a series of events that ends up with Stuey falling out of the airplane and plummeting to the ground below. Once Ricky and Ernie arrive in the country of Santa Flan, they cross paths with a group of protesters, specifically the hard-willed and attractive young environmentalist Julie . The two con Julie into thinking they\'re also environmentalists and she agrees to join them on a trip to an anti-Zygrot 24 protest. However, she soon finds out their true identities and the three are stuck with each other for the rest of the drive. They decide to take a detour to see Freek Land, a freak show, and they wind up in the clutches of demented proprietor Elijah C. Skuggs  and his henchman, the long-tongued Toad . Skuggs introduces them to his "Tasty Freekz Machine", a contraption powered by Zygrot 24 that morphs regular people into "Hideous Mutant Freekz" to become part of his show. Julie and Ernie are merged into a pair of conjoined twins and Ricky is transformed into a hideous half-man, half-monster.  Now incorporated in Elijah\'s freak show, Ricky meets the other freaks: Ortiz the Dog Boy , the self-proclaimed "Leader of the Freaks"; Worm , the half-man, half-worm; Nosey , whose entire head is one big nose; Cowboy ([[John Hawkes , the half-man, half-cow; the Bearded Lady ; Sockhead , who has a sock puppet for a head; The Eternal Flame , who has constant flaming flatulence; Rosie the Pinhead; The Hideous Frogman , a Frenchman in a scuba suit; and the skeleton of Paul Lynde. At first, Ricky wants nothing to do with any of the other freaks, but soon warms up to them after hearing their stories of how they came to be here. Meanwhile, he discovers that he\'s developed a telepathic bond with Stuey and summons him to get help. Stuey manages to sell Ricky\'s story to the Weekly World News, but ends up being captured by a group of shady businessmen that presumably work for Elijah. The night of the big show comes, and each of the freaks perform a routine for a sold-out house, including Julie and Ernie\'s comedy and dance routine and Sockhead\'s heartfelt rendition of "The Wienerschnitzel Polka". Ricky, encouraged by Worm, decides to turn his deformity into the acting chance of a lifetime: he performs the opening soliloquy from Richard III  which moves the audience to tears and earns him a standing ovation. An E.E.S. executive arrives and, disgusted by Ricky\'s new appearance, tells him he\'s fired, causing the entire audience to start laughing at him. Overcome by rage, Ricky rips off the executive\'s head and the crowd runs away in terror, much to Elijah\'s amusement, . The next day, Ricky attempts to escape but is caught by a pair of talking, machine-gun toting Rastafarian eyeballs who take him to Elijah\'s lair. Elijah informs Ricky that at the next show, he plans to mutate him into a full beast that\'ll slaughter all of the other freaks, a surefire moneymaking event. On his way back, Ricky runs into the other freaks in the middle of their own escape attempt. He tries to warn them about the eyeballs, but none of them take him seriously. He gets into a blade fight with Ortiz, who ends up running off to chase a squirrel, catching the attention of the trigger-happy eyeballs who chase him out of the park. The freaks decide to elect Ricky as their new leader and Julie admires him for his selfless act. After Ricky tells the other freaks of Elijah\'s plans, the group devise a scheme to get back at him by altering the supply of Zygrot 24 to transform Ricky into a peaceful superfreak instead of a murderous one. Ricky, Ernie, Julie and Worm tunnel into Elijah\'s lab and successfully concoct an altered batch of the chemical. Meanwhile, back at the quarters, Sockhead gets nervous and tries to make a break for it, only to be fatally gunned down by the eyeballs. Upon escaping from the lab, Ricky loses the Zygrot, but instead finds a tasty batch of macaroons, which sparks a celebration amongst the hungry freaks. Ricky eventually finds out that Elijah\'s Zygrot suppliers are none other than E.E.S., who arrive at Freek Land with a shipment of Zygrot and an imprisoned Stuey Gluck. As they discuss their plans to mutate the world\'s population into an efficient workforce, Stuey follows a telepathic tip from Rick and manages to escape, grabbing the tainted batch of Zygrot along the way. Later that night, at the show, before he manages to deliver the Zygrot to Ricky, Stuey accidentally gets the chemical poured on him, transforming him into a seven-foot monster. Elijah sends the eyeballs after him, but they\'re quickly dispatched after the Stuey Monster throws dirt at them. Toad tries to take him out with his tongue, but accidentally swallows a firecracker thrown by Ernie and thus explodes, splashing goo all over the audience.  Elijah goes ahead and infects Ricky with his own Zygrot, turning him into an equally grotesque seven-foot monster. As the Ricky Monster and Stuey Monster battle to the death onstage, Elijah catches the E.E.S. executives double-crossing him and stealing his "Tasty Freaks Machine". Elijah soaks them all with the Zygrot, mutating them all into a giant, fleshy shoe. Right before the Ricky Monster is about to destroy the Stuey Monster, however, a wave of compassion comes over him, and he drops his weapon and gives Stuey a hug. Enraged, Elijah unsuccessfully tries to fight the Ricky Monster, who bashes him in the head, paralyzing him. Pleading for his life, Elijah says that only he can get the freaks back to normal: he baked a time-release antidote into a batch of macaroons. The Ricky Monster knocks him into an open vat of Zygrot 24, telling him that he "skimped on the coconut", just as the FBI arrive to save the day. Elijah dramatically rises from the vat, transformed into a hideous beast that looks exactly like Skye Daley. The FBI agents gun him down. Back on "The Skye Daley Show", the entire audience has fallen asleep and it\'s revealed that Ricky Coogin\'s grotesque silhouette was nothing more than the shape of a cactus in the background. One by one, the freaks are brought out onto the stage, each one transformed back to normal, with the exception of Worm, who bitterly states that he\'s never liked macaroons. They are then joined by the still-mutated Ortiz and the Stuey Monster before it\'s revealed that Skye Daley is actually Elijah C. Skuggs. Skuggs lunges after Ricky with a machete, only to be gunned down by the now normal Julie. As she embraces Ricky, Skye rises again, this time to be gunned down by Ernie. After Ricky and Ernie discuss what they\'ve learned from their whole experience, they wave goodbye to the studio audience. Before the credits roll, though, the machete-wielding Skye lunges at them one more time...'] ['A group of scientists, led by entomologist Dr. James Atherton , head to the Amazon with the hope of discovering new species of insects and arachnids. After descending into an enormous sinkhole, they approach a tree, and set up collectors on the ground. The team then blows smoke up into the canopy of the tree, and await for the results. Slowly, creatures start falling from the sky, including a variety of bugs. One of which is a very aggressive new species of spider which  carries a type of venom that causes near-instantaneous death to its victims. The spider is captured and chloroformed for research; and is later revealed to be lacking sex organs, thus making it a drone, or soldier. A nature photographer, Jerry Manley ,who has been suffering a fever since travelling to the area, takes a rest under the tree where the spider was found, and a fertile male "General" spider jumps into his backpack, later sneaking into his sleeping bag and biting him on the hand. Jerry promptly has a massive tetanic seizure from the venom and dies. The remainder of the scientists take his body back to the United States, in a wooden box, with the original spider from Venezuela inside, blaming Jerry\'s death on the pre-existing fever. Jerry\'s body arrives at the funeral home in his home town, Canaima, and the mortician Irv Kendall  does not notice the spider inside the coffin when he opens it. He is disgusted to find Jerry\'s body desiccated, completely drained of bodily fluids. As Irv is speaking on the phone with the Manley family about funeral arrangements, the spider heads outside, only to be picked by a bird. But before the bird gets back to its nest, the spider manages to bite it, and it falls to the ground, right in front of the barn of the Jennings family. Ross Jennings  is a family physician, who had moved to the small town from San Francisco, and faces a lack of patients due to elderly rival Sam Metcalf ([[Henry Jones , who was supposed to retire and shift his patients to Ross, but decided to maintain his practice. The spider mates with a domestic house spider and makes a nest in Jennings\'s barn, producing hundreds of infertile, but still deadly, offspring. Ross, along with his son Tommy , has arachnophobia , making them targets of ridicule among Molly  and Shelly . His first patient and new neighbor, Margaret Hollins , dies after being bitten. The town\'s residents believe that she died from a heart attack despite Ross\' suspicions that something else was at work since she seemed to have had seizures before her death. After a football player is also killed by a spider, a death which is attributed to a football injury, Ross is known to the town as "Dr. Death", having all his patients coincidentally dying after having seen him. Soon, Dr. Metcalf himself is bitten on the toe, has a seizure and dies. As with Margaret, the initial suspicion is a heart attack, but Ross now has the idea that the town could be infested by deadly arachnids. After Ross and the county\'s coroner Milton Briggs  perform an autopsy on the victims and confirm Ross\' suspicion that the deaths were caused by spider bites, he, along with Dr. Atherton, his assistant Chris Collins , Briggs, Sheriff Lloyd Parsons  and exterminator Delbert McClintock  investigate and eventually discover that the killer spiders are descendants of the new species James discovered earlier and, due to being born a mixed breed, have a short life expectancy. Atherton tells them that the spiders are soldiers, eliminating potential threats for the general spider. He also informs that the general spider also produced a queen, which it likely mated with to produce a second nest, guarded by the queen, which could produce fertile offspring. Atherton elaborates that, due to the constraints of the spider\'s original habitat, it was left unable to expand its territory; however, now that such constraints have been eliminated, the spiders can progressively expand their territory, possibly culminating in their worldwide dispersal. With these revelations now at hand, the group sets out to destroy the second nest and kill the queen and general. Atherton is bitten on the arm and killed by the general after he discovers the first nest\'s location and disturbs its web while trying to capture it. After Ross, Chris and Delbert trace the nests to Jennings\' own property, Ross sends Delbert to destroy the first nest at the barn while he and Chris try to help the family escape from their own house. Spiders begin to appear all over the house as Ross enters. Molly, the children, and Chris make it out through the window, but Ross finds himself trapped until he falls through the floor into his wine cellar, which turns out to be the spiders\' second nest. Outside, a fully equipped Delbert makes his way to the house and begins to exterminate the baby spiders. Back inside, after electrocuting the queen, Ross battles the general, attempting to destroy the second egg sac along with burning the spider to death with an aerosol can and a lighter. However he becomes trapped underneath fallen debris and when the spider is about to deliver the killing strike Ross flings the spider into the fire with a board that has fallen on his chest. When the egg sac hatches, the general, now entirely engulfed in flames, jumps out of the fire, refusing to let Ross leave the basement alive. Ross shoots it with his nail gun and the projectile sends the burning spider into the nest\'s egg sac, effectively destroying the nest with fire and ending the plague. Delbert is able to reach Ross and get him to safety. Having enough of the country along with the near-death experience, the Jennings family immediately move back to San Francisco, appreciating city life once more, despite minor tremors disrupting them.'] ["Arif settles back on earth with Ceku after saving the planet GORA. However, his defeated archenemy Commander Logar has followed him and is intent on getting his revenge. He tricks Arif into a time machine and sends him back 1 million years into the past. After a series of adventures including an encounter with a T-Rex, Arif stumbles upon a settlement of cavemen. Arif tries to teach them about modern technology, but it appears that they are being oppressed by a rival tribe and their leader Kaaya. Kaaya tricks Arif into a do-or-die football-like game that is heavily stacked against them. However, Arif uses his wits to defeat Kaaya's team and win the game for his fledgling team. Commander Logar who warps into the past is left stranded there and Arif and Ceku live happily ever after."] ["Frederic Lansing  is a writer who hopes to find inspiration while vacationing in Hellview, Oregon; however, the lighthouse in which he's staying is haunted by the ghost of Venetia , who had killed herself 100 years ago and now wants to use Lansing as a vessel for her dead husband, Captain Howdy . When Howdy's ghost starts killing people, two bumbling scientists  are brought in to investigate the history of the lighthouse and solve the case."] ['Character actress Marilyn Hack , despite having been in the industry for 30 years, is best known for playing a blind prostitute in a film from the late 1980s. Victor Allen Miller  is also an acting veteran who is known to the public as the hot-dog wearing mascot for a kosher line of frankfurters. Together they are cast in a new film called Home for Purim as the patriarch and dying matriarch of a Southern U.S. Jewish family in the 1940s. A newcomer ingenue, Callie Webb , plays their lesbian daughter, who has come home along with her girlfriend . Rounding out the cast is Brian Chubb , playing Webb\'s brother who has returned home from the Navy. The family reunites in time to celebrate the Jewish holiday of Purim. Home for Purims cast and crew are in the process of making what appears to be a low-budget melodrama. The director  is constantly adding bizarre camera shots and acting notes. The producer, a diaper service heir, dresses flamboyantly but doesn\'t seem to know much about managing a film beyond paying for expenses. The two writers are at odds with the director, seeing their script mash together Southern genteel with out-of-place Jewish references and words. The film-within-a-film\'s plot centers around the daughter\'s confession of her lesbianism as her mother gets nearer to death and the family celebrates an awkward Purim. Because of an off-hand remark that turns into a full-blown rumor, Oscar buzz begins around all of the cast . Each begins obsessing about the award potential in his or her own way. Hack pretends not to care while secretly pining for the award. Miller begins to demand a higher salary and more dignified work. Webb breaks up with Chubb , claiming he is not being supportive. He is virtually left in the dark. The obnoxious entertainment news program Hollywood Now and its hosts  fuel the awards-season buzz, as well as revealing other contenders for the top prizes. At this point, studio executives butt in and force the writers to make script changes, feeling the film is "too Jewish." It is retitled Home for Thanksgiving. Despite the changes, the Oscar buzz intensifies to the point where Hack, Miller, and Webb are convinced they will be nominated for Academy Awards. They all begin to do major press appearances for the film. These are often embarrassing, both for the actors and the movie audience. Miller appears on a hip-hop teen show called Chillaxin in youthful attire with capped teeth, a tan, and dyed blonde hair. Hack gets breast implants and extensive plastic surgery to the point where her face is comically ecstatic. Callie goes on an L.A. shock-jock radio show, only to field questions about topless scenes rather than her performance. Ultimately the only person nominated for an award is Chubb, the one person for whom there was no buzz at all.  Miller goes back to auditioning for food commercials and other infomercials for useless products. Webb revives her failed one-woman show, No Penis Intended. Hack  becomes an acting teacher and seems uncomfortably at peace with her mediocre career.'] ["Van Wilder ([[Jonathan Bennett  has graduated from high school. He is supposed to go on a trip to Amsterdam with his dad , but his dad is busy with work, so Van ends up going alone. Van ends up going to Coolidge, following family tradition. His family has their name on a building there, Wilder Hall. However, when he gets there, Coolidge is no longer the fun loving school of his dad's time, but a military-based institution run by Dean Reardon . Reardon, a military man who hates the senior Wilder, wants to make the younger Wilder's life miserable. He can not force him out because his dad is rich and has ties to the school, so he tries to make Van's life a living hell. Van turns a one bedroom dorm into a two bedroom . His roommate is Farley , a pothead from Jamaica. The boys decide to throw a party on campus, which is not allowed, along with kissing, drugs, alcohol, sex, or anything else that is 'fun'. The only person to show up to the party is Yu Dum Fok . The boys try to find the girls, but they just find some religious, prudish girls led by Eve . After she throws sacramental wine on them, Van pulls a prank on them during church. Reardon knows Van is behind the prank, so he commands his ROTC students, Dirk  and his closeted sidekick Corporal Benedict , on Van, trying to make him crack. Van falls for Dirk's girlfriend, Kaitlin , causing Dirk to get even more upset. Kaitlin thinks, lives, and breathes the military, and believes in chastity before marriage. Of course, Van has to shake things up. After playing a military game with Reardon that results in him stepping down as dean and being tasered, Van and Kaitlin end up together and Van decides to finish college. The film ends as Van leaves Dirk and Benedict tied to each other in their underwear."] ["Forgotten Silver purports to tell the story of 'forgotten' New Zealand filmmaker Colin McKenzie, and the rediscovery of his lost films, which presenter Peter Jackson claims to have found in an old shed. McKenzie is presented as the first and greatest innovator of modern cinema, single-handedly inventing the tracking shot , the close-up , and both sound and color film years before their historically documented creation. The film also shows fragments of an epic Biblical film supposedly made by McKenzie in a giant set in the forests of New Zealand, and a 'computer enhancement' of a McKenzie film providing clear evidence that New Zealander Richard Pearse was the first man to invent a powered aircraft, several months prior to the Wright Brothers. The film also shows a  premiere screening of a recovered McKenzie film presented by film promoter Lindsay Shelton. It features deadpan commentary from actor/director Sam Neill and director and film archivist John O'Shea, as well as critical praise from international industry notables including film historian Leonard Maltin, and Harvey Weinstein of Miramax Films. In reality, McKenzie is a fictional character, and the films featured in Forgotten Silver were all created by Peter Jackson, carefully mimicking the style of early cinema. The interviewees are all acting. Thomas Robins, the actor who portrays Colin MacKenzie, is today more easily recognized by audiences as Sméagol's ill-fated companion Déagol in Peter Jackson's The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King."] ['During the prologue, a narrator  explains the story\'s premise: that in modern society, natural selection is indifferent toward intelligence, with the result that in the future, stupid people  will greatly outnumber the intelligent. As the story begins, Corporal Joe Bauers , a U.S. Army librarian, and a prostitute named Rita  are selected for a suspended animation experiment which is only supposed to last a year, but the experiment is forgotten when the officer in charge is imprisoned for having started a prostitution business of his own. Five hundred years later, when the average I.Q. has dropped to somewhere in the lower twenties, Joe and Rita\'s suspension chambers are unearthed by the collapse of an immense pile of garbage. Joe\'s suspension chamber smashes through the wall of the apartment of Frito Pendejo , who immediately throws him out for interrupting his favorite TV show, "Ow! My Balls!". Joe, suffering from a suspended animation hangover, makes his way to a hospital, where he discovers the year is 2505. He is arrested for not paying his hospital bill, and for not having a bar code tattoo. Frito turns out to be his trial lawyer, and is still mad about his broken apartment, so he makes sure that Joe is sent to jail. Meanwhile, Rita returns to her former profession. While imprisoned, Joe is renamed "Not Sure" by a faulty identity tattooing machine, and takes an I.Q. test, before easily outsmarting the prison guards and escaping. Joe returns to Frito\'s apartment to ask Frito whether a time machine exists to help him return to 2005. Frito claims to know of one, but agrees to help only after Joe promises to open a bank account under Frito\'s name in Joe\'s time, which will be worth billions of dollars by 2505. On the way to find the time machine, Joe and Frito find Rita. They arrive at a gigantic Costco store, where Frito thinks the time machine can be found. A scanner in the store identifies Joe as a fugitive by his tattoo. He is arrested again and taken to the White House to become Secretary of the Interior, on grounds that his I.Q. test identified him as the smartest man alive. In a speech, President Dwayne Elizondo Mountain Dew Herbert Camacho  gives Joe the job of fixing the nation\'s food shortages, dust bowls, and crippled economy within a week. Joe discovers that the nation\'s crops are irrigated with a Gatorade-like sports drink named "Brawndo", whose eponymous parent corporation had earlier purchased the U.S. Food and Drug Administration and Federal Communications Commission. When Joe has it replaced with water, without visibly improving the crops, Brawndo\'s stock drops to zero and computers automatically lay off half the population, causing mass riots. Joe is sentenced to die in an unfairly-matched monster truck demolition derby featuring undefeated "Rehabilitation Officer" Beef Supreme ([[Andrew Wilson . Rita discovers that Joe\'s reintroduction of water to the soil has finally prompted vegetation in the fields, Frito shows the thriving crops on the stadium\'s display screen, and the President gives Joe a full pardon. The President names Joe Vice President. Joe and Rita find that the "time machine" is a wildly inaccurate history-themed amusement ride. Joe is subsequently elected to the presidency. Joe and Rita marry and conceive the world\'s three smartest children, while Frito, now Joe\'s Vice President, takes eight wives and fathers thirty-two of the world\'s stupidest children. After the credits, a third suspension vessel releases Rita\'s former pimp, Upgrayedd, to search the future city for Rita.'] ['The film opens with a parody of the Simon Bates intro that used to accompany VHS rentals where Bates would explain to the viewer what certificate the film had received - 18 apparently - and what adult content they could expect to see. The story begins with a serial killer bumping off the residents of a small Somerset community. Maverick DI Barry Stern is assigned to the case and - despite his reluctance - is partnered with by-the-book fellow DI Mike Tight. On their first time out together Barry shoots a dealer trying to sell him cocaine in a public toilet. Meanwhile the killer stalks a woman home from the supermarket and kills her by electrocution with a kitchen light. Mike and Barry show up at the scene of the crime and discover the woman bludgeoned to death. A box of cereal has been left on her head leading Barry to summise that they are now looking for a cereal killer. Back at the precinct Mike addresses his fellow inspectors. He tells them that in order to catch the killer they must look at and obey the formula that most cop movies go by even though it is a British movie and there won\'t be any car chases. Barry points out that the partner usually dies in these kind of movies but Mike says he is thinking more along the lines of the Lethal Weapon films. The following day the police stakeout the local supermarket where they expect the killer to strike next. Barry is disguised as a mime. Mike is disguised an old lady in order to ensnare the killer. A small boy asks Barry for a mime. Barry gives him the finger that leads to him getting beaten up by the boy\'s elder brother.  Meanwhile Mike proceeds to the local park followed by the killer. Once there he realizes he is being followed and radios for help but it\'s too late. The killer attacks Mike and stabs him. Barry arrives on bike to find Mike dying. Mike says he loves Barry and gets him to give him a final kiss. Before he dies he tells him to look in the script to see where the killer is hiding out. Barry arrives at a creepy looking house. There he is captured by the killer and tied to a chair. Barry says he knows who he is and proceeds to tell him his back-story: The killer is Philip Quinn. As a child he was made to eat cereal every day. He couldn\'t do it and in later years developed an inferiority complex about it. He then murdered his parents with a Black and Decker jigsaw and inherited their estate. He surrounded himself with waifs-and-strays that, like him, were hooked on cereal and slowly built up an army of hockey stick carrying box-men. He got a job at the local supermarket to satisfy his desire for cereal but he couldn\'t stand it when people would buy it for themselves and so he would follow them home and murder them. Philip leaves Barry under the watchful eye of his beautiful sister Antonia. She seduces him and ten seconds later they are lying in bed together post-coitus. Barry handcuffs her to the chair and makes his escape. Outside Barry encounters one of the box-men. He manages to defeat him by jumping on his face, which blows up. Meanwhile Antonia sounds the alarm which summons a whole army of box-men. They chase him into a room that turns out to be an armoury. He tools-up and proceeds outside to face his adversaries. A gun battle ensues during which Barry discovers that one of the box-men is MI5 undercover agent Nigel Roscoe. The pair join forces to fend off the box-men. After a lengthy action sequence they manage to slaughter the army leading to much splatter and carnage. However by this point Antonia has escaped and she hurls a knife into Nigel\'s back killing him. Barry shoots Antonia in the head. Back at the supermarket Philip is working. Barry turns up to catch him but DI Jackson is waiting there to take Barry in. Barry subdues Philip but when Jackson interferes Barry lets Philip go in order to recapture him elsewhere. He tells Jackson not to follow him and lays chase. In the local park Philip takes Edgar the director hostage and kills him. Barry breaks character, grabs a passing extra and gets her to direct the rest of the film. Barry corners Philip in a playground. The pair have a showdown where they fight it out one-on-one. The fight culminates with Barry shooting Philip in the chest but only after reciting the "do you feel lucky" speech from Dirty Harry. Philip begs for mercy and says he wants to be Barry\'s best friend. Barry shoots him in the head. As the police show up to clear up the mess Barry has created he sits forlornly on a park bench. Disillusioned with the police he throws his badge away before riffling through his pockets and pulling out a pin, a police radio and a grenade. Realizing too late that the pin was from the grenade it goes off.'] ["The film begins with a high school senior, Josh, who is stunned to see that he unknowningly won an MTV contest to see Carmen Electra, and it was actually his sister, Jen, who won the contest and invites everyone they know in their school. Josh and his classmates arrive on an isolated island  where they have an enormous party, but Josh, who has been dumped by his girlfriend, is not really into the fun. Despite having his best friends Andy and Stack with him, he is angry that Jen, who wanted her brother to have an awesome time, scammed him. After catching a quick glimpse of a flying ant, Josh and Jen got backstage passes to see Carmen Electra. Josh then finds himself attracted to the singer. Later on, a concert featuring Carmen begins and Josh dances with joy. Suddenly, the flying ant Josh saw earlier appears before the crowd, sending everyone into a panic, and heads toward the stage. Eightball, Carmen's bodyguard, is grabbed by the insect followed by Carmen. Josh then watches as the flying ant takes Carmen to a faraway mountain  after dropping Eightball. The partygoers, terrified, attempt to call on their cell-phones but are cut off from the mainland, and despite the assured announcements by Bob Staton, they then start to leave on the boats. However, Josh, who thinks he can go and rescue Carmen, halts them and manages to convince them to join him but thanks to statements by Staton, they leave for real. Josh, Andy, Stack, and Jen then prepare for the journey, but before going, they are joined by Lil Mandy, who is determined to highlight her career, and her cameraman GT as well as Josh's ex-girlfriend Maddy and her new boyfriend, arrogant class president Chase. As the gang travel into the jungle, Stack climbs up a tree after settling down the arguing group and catches a glimpse of the mountain before falling down. Eightball appears, having fell on the tree after being dropped, and faithfully joins the group's search for Carmen. Before moving on, Maddy finds a mysterious necklace and wears it, which leads her to point out to the mountain. The group heads further down, encounters a gigantic praying mantis, and escapes with a canoe on a lake. On the other hand, Carmen awakens to find herself deep within the mountain and is held prisoner. The group camps out, and are attacked by a fish-like monster, which kills GT. The creature is then tranquilized by a mysterious man in a white suit. He introduces himself as Dr. Harryhausen, who leads them to an abandoned United States military base and tells them that he has been on the island for many years while he reveals that the island was once home to a tribe of prehistoric humans that disappeared and the military attempted to claim this land but to no avail. The doctor also says that the monsters that the gang has encountered have been transformed thanks to radioactive bombs dropped on the island, and warns them that the island, polluted and dumped with toxic waste, will soon sink to the bottom of the ocean. Josh and company take the doctor's advice and continue. They then see that Maddy is acting strangely heroic and determined, and shows them the way to the mountain. The team then hide from a pair of praying mantises, and flee from the female which killed its mate. Josh and the others cross a bridge, and Eightball sacrifices himself to save the others by using a bulldozer to knock down the mantis down the ledge and him along with it. Panicked, Chase yells about the dangers they may face and Maddy rejects him furiously. Upon reaching the mountain, Josh, Stack, Andy, Josh, and Jen arm themselves before heading up. Meanwhile, Chase abandons Lil Mandy, who is then eaten by a monstrous spider, and takes her camera footage. Josh and the remaining group reach the top, and Josh manages to kill an attacking soldier ant with his makeshift bow and arrow. They see Dr. Harryhausen who decides to join them, and go into the mountain. In there, they see the queen ant and her underlings order a group of ancient people, revealed to be the disappeared tribe, to bring food to a pile and discover Carmen, who is being worshipped. Maddy, revealed as an incarnation of the island's goddess, uses the necklace to break the tribe free from control of the ants, and they retaliate. Eventually, the gang manage to get out of the volcano with Carmen while Harryhausen remains behind and uses an explosive to destroy the attacking queen along with himself. Soon enough, the island begins to shake and Josh then grabs the necklace from Maddy, bringing her back to her senses. However, the boat waiting for Lil Mandy left, and just when hope seems to be lost, a helicopter carrying Nick Carter arrives and saves the group and a couple of ancient people. In the helicopter on the way home, Rudy, a creature left in the care of the group, comes along and Josh and Maddy renew their relationship. The film ends with Chase being left behind, and he is then pursued by the aforementioned fish monster."] ['The film begins with an animated introduction showing a plane crash in which George, then an infant, is lost in a jungle in "the Heart of Africa" . Over 25 years later, George  is a Tarzan-like man, the "King of the Jungle". His friends include a sophisticated talking gorilla named Ape , along with a toco toucan named Tookie, a small capuchin monkey named Little Monkey , and an African elephant named Shep, whom he calls his "dog" . The live action begins as heiress Ursula Stanhope  explores the jungle near George\'s home with the help of her guide, Mr. Kwame  and some native porters. She has traveled to Africa alone, but she is joined by her wealthy fiancé Lyle Van De Groot  who has found her with the help of Max and Thor , two dopey poachers who are posing as trackers. That evening, Mr. Kwame recounts the legend of the White Ape, said to be a huge, super-strong primate who rules the surrounding jungle. The next day, Lyle almost causes the death of one of the porters, and he abandons Ursula when the two of them are attacked by a lion. George saves Ursula and takes her to his treehouse home , and Lyle returns to the camp, claiming to have been attacked by the White Ape. While the exploration party searches for Ursula, George entertains her and teaches her to swing on vines. He also falls in love with her, so Ape advises him to woo her by making faces and beating his chest, as gorillas do. This fails to impress Ursula, but George wins her over with his charm, and they enjoy an evening of dancing around a campfire. On the third day, the explorers discover George\'s treehouse, Lyle accidentally discharge\'s his weapon and George gets shot in the arm  as George tries to prevent Max and Thor from shooting Ape with a tranquilizer gun. Seeing this happen, both Ape and Ursula scream in terror. While Lyle is arrested for the shooting , Ursula flies George to her home in San Francisco for medical treatment and buys clothes for him. George explores the city and saves a paraglider\'s life. With George\'s help, Ursula finds the courage to tell her parents that she no longer wants to marry Lyle, but her mother Beatrice Stanhope , who is intent on marrying her to a man of wealth and prestige, threatens George to give Ursula up or she would "remove his reason for wearing a loincloth". Meanwhile, Max and Thor  capture Ape, knowing that he can speak. Ape manages to send Tookie to San Francisco to ask George for help. When Tookie finds George, George returns to Africa to save Ape, and after realizing that she loves George, Ursula follows. George finds the poachers at the treehouse, with Ape in a cage, and he defeats them after an extended battle, with help from Ursula and his animal family. However, Lyle appears and it looks like that he is no longer in prison and has join a marriage cult. He kidnaps Ursula with help from several mercenaries associated with the cult. Lyle intends to marry himself to Ursula immediately. After escaping the mercenaries with help from his gorilla friends, George chases Lyle and Ursula as they float into some river rapids on a raft, then saves Ursula while Lyle enters a dark tunnel. After performing his wedding ceremony and exiting the tunnel, Lyle discovers that he has just married a gorilla. George and Ursula have their wedding and ride off on Shep. They have a son and show him to the land. A little later, during the ending credits, Ape abruptly interrupts the credits reveals to the audience on his fate : he becomes a big singing star in Las Vegas  He is seen singing the Frank Sinatra song " I Did It My Way", with Thor and Max as background staff ; they play as two coconut trees.'] ["In 1940, the Nazi enemy invades Great Britain by drilling under the English Channel and up through the cobblestones on Whitehall. In London, from his bunker under Downing Street, Prime Minister Winston Churchill  issues a call to arms for all of Britain to band together to resist the invaders. In a small village, Chris , a young farm worker rallies the residents to fight back. Joining forces with Churchill's small group of soldiers, the resistance movement retreats to Hadrian's Wall where the unlikely saviours of the country come from the Scottish highlands."] ['A motorbike gang kills an occultist with a crossbow during a satanic ritual. An evil spirit inhabits a damaged bike. Noddy is then seen purchasing that very motorcycle for the price of £1100 from a dealer, but he tells Kim he only paid £600. He proceeds to take it home and fix the damaged caused by the crossbow, by replacing the fuel tank, with his friend, Buzzer, and girlfriend, Kim. Buzzer steals the petrol cap for "funsies" but then the bike kills him by decapitation. It is revealed to the audience that the vehicle has become a bloodthirsty monster. Noddy goes to the scene of the crime where he meets an inspector who smells like garlic. Later, Noddy has a bad dream that the inspector gives him Buzzer\'s head in a bag and it talks at him but then he wakes up. Then he goes back to sleep and dreams Buzzer is a poo that jumps in his mouth and starts asking how he is. Noddy wakes up again and is chewing his duvet. Noddy and Kim go to the pub and order a large vodka tonic and a pint of cider. Then ten of the bikers from the beginning come in and shoot the bar with the crossbow. One then offers to show Kim his "chopper" while she is playing pool. She declines, claiming not to have brought her magnifying glass. He then proceeds to unsheathe an axe and attack the pool table and moving onto plates, starting a bar wide brawl of 10 bikers against our protagonists. Kim manages to slip out the front and drive the bike round the back of the pub where Nobby jumps on it from the first floor and then gets shot with a crossbow bolt. They then have Chinese. When Kim orders garlic prawns, the bike goes mad and drives off with her. It takes her under a bridge, throws her off and makes advances on her, until it notices the crucifix around her neck. It drives off back to the pub where Chopper attempts to steal it but the bike stabs him through the leg with a large metal spike, then launches him at some graffiti artists. It then proceeds to exact its revenge on the rest of the gang, decapitating the majority and leaving only Roach with a bolt inserted into his posterior. Noddy then finds out Kim has been taken to hospital where she describes the bike\'s advances with a hollow look in her eyes. It is then seen that the inspector is looking at some heads. Noddy then goes to a priest, who also has a motorcycle. There is then several crucifix wipes as they travel to the garage where the bike is kept. The priest is sarcastic and does not believe Noddy. Not wanting to be taken into the sunlight, the bike uses its brake to injure the priest\'s hand. Determining the bike is a vampire, the priest decides to do an exorcism. Believing the bike will come back for Kim, the priest gives her a crucifix and garlic. The priest throws a shuriken at a fly whilst planning the exorcism and exclaims "Right. Let\'s go kick some bottom!". The vampire bike stops Noddy and the priest on the way home by disabling the bike they are riding, so they decide to call a taxi but instead wait for a bus. It is a race against the sun to get to the vampire bike before nightfall when it will be free to roam once more. During the exorcism, the priest is hit in the head with a wrench and Noddy is blown around the room by a mysterious wind, knocking him into cupboards. The priest is then crucified with a crown of barbed wire. Believing to have successfully vanquished the demon, the priest sprinkles holy water, but that only makes the bike angry, growing spikes and glowing red. Noddy runs off and steals a police motorcycle, dragging the policeman behind him, who is almost run over by the vampire bike. The bike is chased by a police car, while the priest attempts to explain it to the authorities and Kim is washed, having her garlic removed. The bike evades the police by driving vertically down a wall and goes to the hospital to finish off Kim but not before cleaving the tea lady in two. Kim uses her crucifix to scare it away, so it goes after Roach, passing the priest and inspector in the corridor of the hospital. Roach crashes while fleeing and lands in a coffin. He is presumed dead. The bike then goes for Noddy but gets its front wheel stuck in a bridge, giving Noddy the chance to throw it in a river and spit. Thinking he is safe, Noddy has a victory smoke, but the audience sees a red-light under the water. Noddy then sees it and screams and runs around like a lunatic. He hides in a gym, but the bike doesn\'t take long to find him and start attacking the patrons with its spikes. Noddy then bashes the bike, which feigns death, making everyone feel safe, until it starts throwing people\'s limbs in the air. The inspector scares it with his smell. The bike manages to trap Noddy against a wall, but is stopped when Noddy turns on a sun bed. Everyone uses their crucifix and/or garlic breath to force it into the light and it melts. Kim asks how much Noddy really spent on the bike and the priest says they are usually reliable. Back in Noddy\'s workshop, he accidentally cuts his hand and the blood drips onto the bike\'s old fuel tank which springs open, leaving the audience begging for a sequel.'] ['The life of housewife Francine Fishpaw ([[Divine  is crumbling around her in her middle-class suburban Baltimore home. Her husband, Elmer , is a polyester-clad lout who owns an X-rated theater, causing anti-pornography protesters to picket the Fishpaws\' house. She also states that "all the neighborhood women spit at me" whenever she is at the shopping mall. Francine\'s children are Lu-Lu , her spoiled, slutty daughter, and Dexter , her delinquent, glue-sniffing son who derives illicit pleasure from stomping on women\'s feet. Also adding to Francine\'s troubles is her snobby, class-conscious, cocaine-snorting mother, La Rue , who robs Francine blind and only cares about her "valuable shopping time." Francine seeks solace in her best friend, Cuddles Kovinsky , an independently wealthy, simple-minded woman and the world\'s oldest debutante. Cuddles was once the Fishpaws\' housekeeper, but she inherited a large sum of money from a very affluent family that she used to work for, and who has befriended Francine. This infuriates La Rue, who admonishes Francine, "She was a scrubwoman. Give her... car fare...a ham at Easter, but for God\'s sake, don\'t hang around with her!" Cuddles tries to cheer Francine with "seize-the-day" bromides, to no avail. Francine discovers that her husband is having an affair with his secretary, Sandra Sullivan , and later confronts them during a tryst at a motel and demands a divorce. Francine then falls into alcoholism and depression, exacerbated by her children\'s behavior: Lu-Lu becomes pregnant by her delinquent boyfriend, Bo-Bo , and she tells her mother, "I\'m having an abortion, and I can\'t wait!"; and after Dexter is arrested at a supermarket for stomping on a woman\'s foot, the media reveal that he\'s the "Baltimore foot stomper". Lu-Lu goes to a family planning clinic for an abortion, but is harassed by anti-abortion picketers. She flees, goes home, and tries to induce a miscarriage, causing Francine to call an unwed mothers\' home. Two nuns  arrive, cart Lu-Lu out of the house, lock her in the trunk of a car, and take her to a Catholic home for unwed mothers. Meanwhile, on Halloween evening, La Rue is shot by Bo-Bo and his friend, who have come to trash the Fishpaw house. La Rue manages to retrieve the gun and shoots Bo-Bo dead. Lu-Lu comes home from the unwed mothers\' home and, upon discovering her dead boyfriend, tries to commit suicide by sticking her head in the oven. Francine comes home, sees her daughter\'s suicide attempt, and faints. After this, Francine\'s life begins to change. Dexter is released from jail, completely rehabilitated. Lu-Lu suffers a miscarriage from her suicide attempt and sees the error of her ways, turning from a high-school harlot to an artistic flower child who enthuses, "Look, mother, I\'ve discovered macramé!". Francine finally summons the strength to tell off La Rue. A beacon of light arrives in the form of lounge-suit-wearing, Corvette-driving Todd Tomorrow , lifting Francine\'s spirits. Todd proposes marriage to an elated Francine, who accepts. However, it is soon revealed that Todd is romantically involved with La Rue and they are conspiring to embezzle Francine\'s divorce settlement and drive her insane. Meanwhile, Elmer and Sandra break into the house to kill Francine, but are felled by Dexter and Lu-Lu. Dexter steps on Sandra\'s foot, causing her to accidentally shoot Elmer; Lu-Lu uses her macramé to strangle Sandra. Cuddles and her German chauffeur/fiancé Heintz  arrive and drive their limousine into La Rue and Todd. The film concludes with a happy ending for Francine, her children, and Cuddles and Heintz.'] ['Living in the fictional seaside village of Little Hope, New Hampshire, Suzanne Stone , a young, beautiful, and ruthless woman dreams of being a world-famous news anchor. To that end, she marries Larry Maretto , because she believes his family business will keep her financially comfortable, and starts attempting to climb the network news ladder, beginning as a weather girl at a local cable station, WWEN. When Larry, who truly loves Suzanne, starts asking her to take time off from her career to start a family, she immediately plots to get rid of him. To this end, she begins a high school project called "Teens Speak Out," and during a dancing project at her house while Larry is away, she seduces Jimmy Emmett , a disturbed young man, and strong-arms him and his friends, delinquent Russell Heines  and low self-esteemed Lydia Mertz , into killing Larry, whom she describes as abusive and self-centered. Jimmy is reluctant at first, but complies when Suzanne grants him sexual favors and threatens to leave him if he does not. With the aid and abetment of Russell and Lydia, Jimmy ultimately commits the murder, but is wracked with guilt after seeing Larry\'s rather calm demeanor during the struggle. The police begin investigating when they stumble across a "Teens Speak Out" video of Suzanne at Jimmy\'s school in which Jimmy discreetly hints a relationship  with Suzanne. Jimmy, Russell and Lydia are arrested, but Lydia makes a deal with the police to converse with Suzanne with a tape recorder taped to her stomach, and Suzanne unwittingly reveals her hand in the murder. Despite this undeniable proof of Suzanne\'s guilt, however, she is acquitted in court, on the basis that the police had resorted to entrapment, and walks free . Jimmy and Russell are sentenced to life in prison and sixteen years, respectively, while Lydia gets out scot-free for her cooperation. In the end, however, Suzanne gets her comeuppance when she fabricates a story about Larry becoming addicted to drugs, desiring to turn over a new leaf and subsequently getting killed by the drug suppliers, Jimmy and Russell, who wanted to keep him silent. Larry\'s father, Joe , hears this on television, and realizes that Suzanne was behind his son\'s murder, and consequently uses his mafia connections to have her murdered. The hitman  lures Suzanne away from her home by pretending to be interested in publishing her life story, murders her quietly, then buries her under a frozen lake, her favorite spot, where she once skated. In a final irony, Lydia gains national attention by telling her side of the story in a television interview, becoming a celebrity. The final scene shows Larry\'s sister, Janice , practicing her figure skating on the frozen lake where Suzanne\'s corpse is hidden, thus literally dancing on her grave.'] ['{{plot}} In the Soviet Union in 1927, Ippolit Matveevich Vorobyaninov , an impoverished aristocrat from Imperial Russia, is summoned, along with the village priest, to the deathbed of his mother-in-law. She reveals, before passing, that a fortune in jewels had been hidden from the Bolsheviks by being sewn into the seat cushion of one of the twelve chairs from the family\'s dining room set. After hearing the dying woman\'s Confession, the Russian Orthodox priest Father Fyodor , who has arrived to give the Last Rites, decides to abandon the Church and attempt to steal the treasure. Shortly thereafter, a homeless con-artist, Ostap Bender , meets the dispossessed nobleman and manipulates his way into a partnership in his search for the family riches. Although Ostap is an unwelcome addition at first, it is mostly through his cunning, intellect and charm that the pair manages to get anywhere while keeping ahead of the apostate priest who is now their competition. The chairs, along with all other private property, had been expropriated by the State after the Russian Revolution. The two set off together to locate the chairs and recover the fortune, but are stymied by a series of false leads and other trying events. Early on, they find that the chairs have been split up and sold individually. Therefore, their hunt requires a great deal of travel to track down and open up each piece of the set in order to eliminate it as a possible location of the booty. As they progress, they meet comrades from every walk of life in Soviet Russian society, transforming the film into a satirical sendup of failing Communism. Much of the humor in the movie is the result of the two getting into, and then extricating themselves from, outrageous situations in their mission to covertly locate, open up , and thus rule out each chair, in turn. By posing as the official in charge of the Department of Chairs, Bender tricks Father Fyodor into a wild goose chase after a set of eleven chairs similar to those being sought, these being now in the possession of an engineer named Bruns currently assigned to a remote province in Siberia. Father Fyodor makes the long journey, but is unceremoniously thrown out after unsuccessfully trying to buy the chairs from the engineer and his wife. After the engineer is re-assigned to a post on the Black Sea, Father Fyodor follows them relentlessly and finally manages to obtain the chairs . Unfortunately, he finds that none of the chairs have the jewels. Later, he catches up with Vorobyaninov and Bender after they have retrieved one chair from a circus, and while being chased by them frantically climbs with the chair straight up the side of a mountain. After finding out that this chair doesn\'t contain the jewels, he finds that he is unable to get down again without help and is left to his fate by the duo. Eventually, but only after traveling many long weary miles and perpetrating plenty of cons to pay for the lengthy enterprise, the duo make their way back to Moscow where they discover the 12th and last chair that must – through process of elimination – contain the treasure. It is located in a Palace of Culture, tantalizingly accessible but also, frustratingly inconvenient due to the presence of so many witnesses. After closing, the two return to the building, entering through a window Bender secretly unlocked earlier so they can open up the last chair in peace. At the moment of discovery, Bender carefully and quietly opens the chair cushion with his knife, but their hopes are dashed as it is found to be, like all eleven before them, completely empty. Vorobyanninov is stunned and angry, while Bender cannot help but laugh at the absurdity of the situation. A watchman then comes upon the protagonists, and Vorobyanninov demands to know what happened to the jewels. "Look around you," the watchman answers, explaining to the pair how the jewels were unexpectedly found one day and further, how it was decided that the grand building that they are now sitting in the center of would be built with the fortuitous fortune realized by the sale of the discovered gems. Hearing this "inspiring" story sends Vorobyaninov over the edge. Driven into a sudden rage, he smashes the chair to pieces and assaults the officer whom the watchman has summoned, knocking him out. After sternly admonishing him for hitting a policeman, Bender leads the way as the two make a hurried escape into the night. Now at the end of his patience, feeling demoralized, and bankrupted in every sense of the word, Bender proposes that he and Vorobyaninov split up and go their separate ways. This produces an immediate and palpable tension because the two had been so long together. Even though they could not have had more different backgrounds, and even as they regularly antagonized one another, they also had bonded to one another, each in his own fashion. However, Bender is unable to see how a con man could possibly survive long with an emotionally shattered nobleman and so after forcefully saying his peace, he begins to walk off. Capriciously, in a last-ditch effort to keep Bender from leaving, Vorobyaninov flings the remains of the last chair into the air, and collapses to the ground feigning an epileptic seizure as an unspoken invitation for Bender, the inveterate swindler, to rip off the crowd, a reprise of an earlier event in the story. This is a pivotal because previously, as they were trying to decide what to do, the former noble had impetuously and derisively proclaimed to Bender that "there has never been a Vorobyaninov who begs!" Bender, who had not yet noticed the action of his comrade, as he was about to place a serious distance between himself and his nettlesome friend, is compelled to pause as he hears the people around suddenly gasp and huddle around a "stricken" man who has tumbled to the ground among them. Turning to see the cause of the commotion, and after what feels like a long pause even though it is only a moment, Bender stands, watching the spastic flailing of his longtime partner/nemesis, and he silently considers the scene before him as the crowd murmurs and mulls about, seemingly unsure what to do. Finally, with a wan grin that only someone who knew the irony would see, he loudly calls out for the attention of those around, asking for all the passers-by to gather around. Bender lapses with ease into a spontaneous but smooth appeal to all to give generously to this sad man who had been stricken down with "the same malady that struck down our own beloved Dostoevsky!" He works the crowd by silent agreement and with professional skill. The camera begins to pull back and shows more people being pulled in by the ruse. As the shot continues to pull out and as the music wells up in the background, the movie ends as the two, using impromptu gestures, and without a word between them, cement their partnership and avert their parting – at least for the day, which, along with every other Soviet citizen, is all they now have.'] ['The film follows the story of a group of rude and obnoxious seniors from Fairmont High, an Ohio high school. After a typing class, the seniors cut school and throw a party at the home of Principal Moss . When he returns home, he gives the class detention, forcing them to write a letter to the President of the United States, explaining what is wrong with the education system. Amazingly, the President enjoys it, and invites the class to Washington to discuss it. However, it is actually just a plot devised by a corrupt U.S. Senator to humiliate the President. Upon their journey, the class stops in a convenience store where Mark "Dags" D\'Agastino  and Reggie Barry ([[Rob Moore  lock Principal Moss in a flooded convenience store toilet so they can steal alcohol from the store. They are followed by Travis , a crazed Star Trek fan and crossing guard, who hitches a ride with an Asian family. While on their way, Principal Moss falls into a "coma" after taking pills given to him by Red , the bus driver and "Dope King". At this point, the students go on a rampage and throw another party, while Carla Morgan , the school slut, puts makeup on the sleeping Principal Moss. The next morning, the bus is pursued by both Travis and the police. Red suddenly dies, apparently from a drug overdose, and the bus nearly plows into a lake. Dags manages to stop it in time, but Travis\'s ride is not so lucky. In the confusion, Travis escapes. Arriving at Washington, a class photo taken at a cemetery goes wrong when Miosky ([[Eric Edwards  blows out Edgar Hoover\'s flame via fart lighting, catching Travis on fire in the process. That night, the seniors secretly lace a box of chocolates with tequila and give it to Miss Milford , subsequently leaving and going to a party at a hotel while Miss Milford seduces Principal Moss in a drunken stupor. In the process, Lisa Perkins , discovers the plot to use the students to embarrass the President. When Principal Moss and Miss Milford find the missing students the next morning, they are informed of the plot. The senator\'s agents subsequently kidnap Miosky and take him to the White House with the others in hot pursuit. When they arrive at the White House, the senator insults the seniors, but Principal Moss unexpectedly stands up for them. The senator\'s plot is ultimately exposed, and the seniors go home. The film ends with a montage of the characters and where they ended up after the events of the film.'] ['The concept of the movie is explained in a voiceover intro by G. W. Bailey, who wonders what it would be like if one of the 1930s/1940s Rex O\'Herlihan movies were to be made today. At that point, in a scene reminiscent of The Wizard of Oz, the cinematogaphy shifts from black & white to color and the soundtrack changes from mono to Dolby Digital surround sound. As a consequence of this paradigm shift, Rex O\'Herlihan , a "singing cowboy," is the only character aware of the plot outline. He explains that he "knows the future" inasmuch as "these Western towns are all the same" and that it\'s his "karma" to "ride into a town, help the good guys, who are usually poor for some reason, against the bad guys, who are usually rich for some reason, and ride out again." Rex\'s knowledge is also connected to the unspecified "root" vegetables he digs up and eats. On his high-stepping horse Wildfire, Rex rides into the town of Oakwood Estates, walks into a saloon and meets Peter, the Town Drunk . In exchange for a free drink, Peter explicates the background: the town, and especially the sheep herders , are being terrorized by the cattle ranchers, headed by Colonel Ticonderoga . Also there is Miss Tracy , the traditional Prostitute with a Heart of Gold. A local sheriff is "a corrupt old coward who takes his orders from the Colonel." Blackie, the foreman at Rancho Ticonderoga, swaggers into the bar with two of his henchmen and shoots one of the sheep herders. Miss Tracy objects, hot words are exchanged, and Blackie is accidentally shot in the back by his henchmen. Rex then shoots the guns out of their hands. Peter exchanges his drunk suit for a sidekick outfit, catches up with Rex, and is reluctantly accepted.  At the singing cowboy\'s campsite, Peter finds not one but two women there eager to get to know Rex a little better, Miss Tracy and the Colonel\'s daughter . The Colonel goes to the boss of the railroad men  who wear [[duster  for help. "We should stick together. Look what we have in common: we\'re both rich, we\'re both power-mad, and we\'re both Colonels— that\'s got to count for something!" Rex outwits the Bad Guys because he knows their every move before they do. But then the Colonels import "Wrangler" Bob Barber , apparently another Good Guy. Bob psychs out Rex in their first meeting by attacking Rex\'s claim to be the "most good Good Guy" and pointing out that a Good Guy has to be "a confident heterosexual." "I thought it was just a heterosexual", Rex objects. "No, it\'s a confident heterosexual," responds Bob. Rex backs down from the shootout. On his way out of town, while preparing to change roles to that of a sidekick, Rex explains to Peter that he rides into town, kisses the girls and rides out again. "That\'s all: I just kiss \'em. I mean, this is the 1880s. You gotta date and date and date and date and sometimes marry \'em before they, you know ..." Bob reports that Rex is finished as a Good Guy. Nevertheless, the Colonels, over Bob\'s objection, arrange for Peter to be bushwhacked. This rouses Rex to round up the sheep herders and face down Bob and the rancher/railroad combine. Bob is revealed as not a Good Guy at all because, after all, "I\'m a lawyer!" Rex shoots him. Colonel Ticonderoga makes the peace. He apologizes to Rex and throws a party at Rancho Ticonderoga, after which Rex and Peter  ride off together into the sunset.'] ["During World War II, when nationalistic Irishwoman Bridie Quilty  turns 21, she sets out to fulfill her lifelong dream. She leaves her small rural village and goes to Dublin. On the way, she shares a train compartment with J. Miller , but believing him to be English, she is very brusque with him. Once in the city, she seeks out a famous ex-radical her father had supposedly fought alongside, Michael O'Callaghan , and asks him to help her join the Irish Republican Army. However, he has mellowed as the situation in Ireland has improved and tries unsuccessfully to dissuade her from her overly romantic notion. Miller turns out to be a secret agent assigned to break Nazi spy Oscar Pryce  out of a British prison. When, by sheer chance, he runs into Bridey again, he recruits her for his task. She gets a job in a pub/hotel near the prison and becomes acquainted with a sergeant, who unwittingly provides her with information about the prisoner's impending transfer. This is the opportunity that Miller has been waiting for. However, he is disturbed by the arrival of Lieutenant David Baynes , a British officer on leave. Since there is little to attract anyone to the town, he suspects the newcomer of being a counter-intelligence agent. He therefore orders Bridie to distract Baynes on the day of the transfer by allowing him to take her on a date. It turns out Baynes is merely there to gather material for his thesis on Oliver Cromwell, whom Bridey loathes intensely. Miller succeeds in freeing Pryce, but both are shot fleeing from a roadblock. Pryce tells Miller where he hid a notebook, then remains behind to delay their pursuers. Miller manages to make his way to Bridie and gives her the location to pass along. Unwilling to risk seeing a doctor, he tells her to dispose of his body after he is dead. Bridie does so, and afterward boards a train as instructed, but her contact, an elderly woman, , is arrested before any exchange can take place. Not knowing what else to do, Bridie decides to return home. However, she encounters David, who followed her aboard the train, and changes her mind, going to the Isle of Man instead to retrieve the book. She is trailed by David and a German spy . Bridie has figured out that the information has to do with the imminent D-Day invasion, which would involve Irishmen, so she burns the book. The Nazi and his cohorts abduct her. When David tracks them to a boat, he is caught as well. She refuses to tell what she knows. The two prisoners are taken to Ireland. The group ends up behind a funeral procession that is actually a smuggling operation transporting alarm clocks, among other things. When one goes off in the coffin at the border crossing to Northern Ireland, Bridie and David escape in the resulting confusion. David phones for the police from a pub, mistakenly believing that they are still in Ireland, where Bridie would merely be interned. When he realizes that they are actually in Northern Ireland, and that Bridie is in danger of being shot as a spy, he tries to convince her to flee, but she insists on staying. Then, they hear on the radio that D-Day has begun. Her information now useless, she escapes across the border. David finds the Nazi spies in the same pub and a fight breaks out. The police arrive and arrest everybody. After the war ends, Bridie and David get married, but their marriage gets off to a rocky start when David stops at the Cromwell Arms for their honeymoon night."] ['Charlie  is an English tour guide who takes groups of Americans on whirlwind 18-day sightseeing tours of Europe. Among his various clients on his latest trip are Samantha  with whom he wants to have an affair; a man who desires a pair of custom-made Italian shoes from a certain cobbler in Rome; and a vet who is reliving his World War II experiences.'] ['A director by the name of Alan Smithee has been allowed to direct Trio, a big-budget action film starring Sylvester Stallone, Whoopi Goldberg, and Jackie Chan. The studio recuts the film, and when Smithee sees the results  and realizes that he cannot use a pseudonym  he steals the film and goes on the run, threatening to burn it.'] ['On their way to perform in Guam, nightclub performers Duke Mitchell and Sammy Petrillo find themselves stranded on a seemingly treacherous island, known by the natives as "Kola Kola". The natives are quite friendly, especially Nona, the tribal chief\'s daughter, who tries to help the two get off the island. Though Paradise has been found, for the time being, the duo soon discovers that a mad scientist named Dr. Zabor , lives on the other side of the island. Seeing a chance to get help, the two visit the strange doctor. Tension mounts as Duke falls in love with Nona. Seeing Duke as a threat, a jealous Dr. Zabor plans to literally make a monkey out of Duke, for he too loves Nona. Sammy tries to help his pal, with unexpected results.'] ['Stan Helsing ([[Steve Howey  is an underachieving employee at a video rental store named Schlockbuster whose personal motto is "Don\'t get involved". His teen-aged boss Sully orders him to drop off a bag of movies to the mother of the store\'s owner or risk not having a job Monday morning. Despite his arguments, he agrees to the request and manages to get his friend Teddy , his ex-girlfriend Nadine  and ditsy blond massage therapist Mia  to take him there before they attend a Halloween party, even though it\'s on the other side of town. Enroute, the group encounters a traffic jam and, to Stan\'s surprise, he spots Chucky, the living doll , who makes obscene gestures that no one else notices in the van of a MILF next to them. Because of this disturbance, they miss their exit and decide to take a shortcut on which they hit a dog named Sammy Boy and inadvertently asked the dog\'s owner for help who then threatens to kill them for murdering his beloved dog. After fleeing the scene, Teddy picks up a hitchhiker, but after learning he was convicted of murdering nurses they violently throw him from the moving vehicle. They come across a gas station where the perverted owners tell Stan that he may be related to the legendary Abraham Van Helsing, the monster hunter. They depart and after finding Stormy Night Estates, they discover the attendants never put gas into the car. They come across a local bar and meet the ire of the townsfolk in a bad attempt of Karaoke while singing Johnny Cash\'s song Ring of Fire. After they leave, they discover that all the citizens, including their waitress, Kay , were actually dead due to a massive fire that consumed the town ten years earlier. They encounter several monsters including Pinhead, the hockey-masked killer Jason Voorhees, Chucky, Freddy Krueger, Leatherface, and a Jewish Michael Myers. They are given weapons by an extroverted altar boy who is so very close to becoming a priest who informs Stan of his destiny and that he is Van Helsing\'s descendant, arming them with various weapons before kicking them out of his church. The townsfolk offer a competition in which Stan and his friends compete against the monsters in Karaoke. The humans are unanimously voted as the winners, but the monsters refuse to leave town. Disobeying his policy of never getting involved, Stan turns each of the monsters\' weaknesses against them, soundly defeating them and feeding them to Sammy who had been brought back to vicious life . The group calls a cab and they leave the town as heroes. During the trip home, Nadine discovers how much she cares for Stan and kisses him. Teddy suggest kissing Mia, but she rebuffs with a lap dance offer instead which he gladly accepts. The movie ends with the taxi cab driving away and the sound of moaning. During the film many posters relating to Southern New Jersey are shown such as \'Visit Atlantic City\' and \'Visit Palasades Park\'. The town the videos are being delivered to is called Linwood . Neighboring cities Ventnor and Margate are mentioned on a news broadcast towards the end of the movie.'] ["Dr. Jeff Weitzman  is a psychologist working in a sanitarium in New Jersey. His primary patients are Billy, Henry, Jack and Albert. Billy  is the most normal of the group and their unofficial leader, though he is a pathological liar with delusions of grandeur and violent tendencies. Henry  is obsessive/compulsive and he has deluded himself into thinking he is one of the doctors at the hospital, often walking around with a clipboard, lab coat and stethoscope. Jack  is a former advertising executive who believes he is Jesus Christ. Finally, Albert  is a man-child who only says things what he hears during baseball games, particularly from former ball player and commentator Phil Rizzuto. Convinced that his patients need some fresh air and some time away from the sanitarium, Dr. Weitzman persuades the administration to allow him to take them to a baseball game at Yankee Stadium. Unfortunately, he accidentally encounters two crooked cops just as they murder another officer. The doctor then gets knocked unconscious trying to get away and is put in the hospital. The group is now stranded in New York City, forced to cope with a place which is often more bizarre than their sanitarium. One of the both comic and serious plot twists is that the inmates have to listen to Albert's baseball jargon in order to get clues as to what happened to Dr. Weitzman, because he is the only one who witnessed it . Two other running gags throughout the film are: Henry's threats to report psychologically disturbing behavior of the other patients ; and Billy's violent, unpredictable but ultimately harmless behavior in several different scenarios. A lesser gag is Jack, in his persona as Jesus Christ, causing a rousing sermon at a black church, only for the parishoners to come to their senses and expel him , and the other three patients get Jack new  clothes from an army surplus store. After Dr. Weitzman's beating and coma, it is up to the patients to save their doctor from being murdered by the crooked cops. They end up having to both use and overcome their delusions and disorders in order to save the only man who ever tried to help them, with both the police and the killers looking for them. Three revisit scenes from their pasts: Billy , Henry , and Jack . As each patient does so individually, they each behave in a sane, clear manner, Henry genuinely missing his family, Billy wishing to pursue a stronger relationship, and Jack appealing to his boss that he and his friends are in trouble . Throughout the film there are minor scenes showing the interaction between the two crooked police officers  and what their plans are in framing the patients for the murder of Officer Alvarez earlier in the film."] ['C.R. "Mac" MacNamara is a high-ranking executive in the Coca-Cola Company, assigned to West Berlin after a business fiasco a few years earlier in the Middle East . Nevertheless, Mac is angling to become head of Western European Coca-Cola Operations, based in London. After working on an arrangement to introduce Coke into the Soviet Union, Mac receives a call from his boss, W.P. Hazeltine in Atlanta. Scarlett Hazeltine, the boss\'s hot-blooded 17-year-old socialite daughter, is coming to Berlin and Mac receives the unenviable task of taking care of this young whirlwind. An expected two-week stay develops into two months, and Mac discovers just why Scarlett is enamored of Berlin—she surprises him by announcing that she\'s married to a young man, Otto Piffl, who happens to be an East German Communist with ardent anti-capitalism views. The socialite couple are bound for Moscow to make a new life for themselves . Since Hazeltine and his wife are coming to Berlin to collect their daughter the very next day, this is obviously a disaster of monumental proportions, and Mac deals with it as any good capitalist would &mdash; by framing the young Communist firebrand and having him picked up by the Stasi, the East German secret police, who later force Otto to sign a confession that he\'s an American spy . Under pressure from his stern and disapproving wife , and with the revelation that Scarlett is pregnant, Mac sets out to bring Otto back with the help of his new Russian business associates. With the boss on the way, he finds that his only chance is to turn Otto into a son-in-law in good standing &mdash; which means, among other things, making him a capitalist with an aristocratic pedigree . In the end, the Hazeltines approve of their new son-in-law (upon which Mac learns from Hazeltine that Otto will be named the new head of Western European Operations—with Mac getting a promotion to VP of Procurement  Mac reconciles with his family at the airport, and to celebrate his promotion, offers to buy his family a Coke. Ironically, after handing out the Cokes to his family, he realizes upon inspection that the final bottle he takes for himself is actually Pepsi-Cola.{{cite web}}'] ['The film revolves around the personal life of main character Shawn Anderson  and his two life pursuits, the Mesa Frozen Entree Enthusiast\'s Club and his band The Christers. The Club is an eclectic group of people who collect frozen entrees. The film follows the group planning their first Frozen Entree Enthusiasts Convention and the power struggles between Shawn and wealthy group member Vince, who is also a corporate trainer who models his training seminars after Viet Cong prison camps. The Christers are Shawn\'s rock band. Formerly named The Reach Arounds, they have turned from hardcore punk rock to Christian rock believing it will be easier to sign a record deal. The story documents the interplay among Anderson and supporting characters. Shelly Toue is an "Intercourse Prevention Hotline" councilor who is obsessed with Shawn, but who has attracted the affection of Christers member Al McTavish who works at a hair salon for children named Klown Kutz that requires him to dress up as a clown and go by the title "Smilist". The Christers are managed by Milo Bender  who also manages a pro-life cafe named the No Choice Cafe that he opened next door to an abortion clinic.{{cite news}}'] ['Archie Andrews is a vegan kindergarten teacher who buys products from Lorraine\'s vegetarian road side stand. He is developing an engine that runs on wheatgrass with no results until he accidentally cuts his finger and the blood falls in the wheatgrass, which filters to the engine and then causes it to run. Andrews then tests his car out and offers a ride to Denise, who runs a meat stand and is a rival to Lorraine. After Denise expresses an interest in Archie , he drives her home, but runs out of fuel. Archie turns to hunting animals, but they do not provide sufficient blood. He turns to larger prey such as predatory people, and eventually, settles for any victim after rebuilding a more efficient blood engine. The government, which has been tracking Archie\'s progress, eventually offers him any position he wants, provided he can create more "Blood Cars" after the original is destroyed, and his existence is erased. Archie is concerned where the fuel for the new cars will come from, and the federal agents promise him it will come from invalids, convicted criminals, and the homeless. Archie agrees. Images of Archie\'s rise as President are cut with the government agents murdering Lorraine, Denise, his kindergarten students, and anyone that saw him developing the Blood Car.'] ["After a mechanical failure aboard the spaceship Odyssey, Captain Lee Norsythe  is forced to crash land on a planet with atmosphere and conditions much like that of Earth, although it is many light-years away. As the ship sinks into the lake that it landed in, communications officer Cindy  realizes that she forgot the radio in the ship and attempts to retrieve it, with the assistance of fellow crew-member Chuck . En route, Cindy is attacked and killed by an unidentified aquatic creature, prompting Chuck to return to shore without the radio. Realizing that they are stranded, the remaining eight people aboard the ship decide that survival is their primary goal and begin to explore the planet that they have landed on. Derna Lee  quickly loses one of the laser guns that Mike  had given her, leaving the stranded individuals with one less weapon. They eventually come across a Brontosaurus, which leads them to deduce that the planet is following a similar evolutionary track as Earth, but is millions of years younger. Later, Charlotte  determines that the plant life, especially the berries, is poisonous. After another dinosaur encounter, Lee decides that the best option is to climb the mountains and reach a higher plateau, where he believes the large creatures will be unable to reach them During the ascent, Nyla  slips and loses the entire supply of food rations, which Lee refuses to retrieve. In a cave higher up the mountain, Vice-President of Spaceways Incorporated Harvey Baylor  discovers a nest full of eggs. After stealing an egg, Harvey is attacked and killed by a Centrosaurus. Soon after, much to ship engineer Jim's  dismay, Lee decides to halt the expedition and settle at what he considers to be a defensible area. Lee expects to hold out until they are rescued, but Jim believes them to be trapped forever on the planet, and advises that they begin a new civilization. Lee triumphs and the remaining crew begin to build a defensive stockade around a cave. After a few more encounters, including a giant spider and an Allosaurus, a large Tyrannosaurus arrives and kills Derna, demolishing the stockade in the process. The crew finally agrees with Jim that the best way to survive is to kill the predator. Their first plan, devised by Lee, is to attempt to poison the dinosaur by smearing berries on a dead Polacanthus and leave it outside of the Tyrannosaurus{{'}}s lair. The plan backfires when the beast attacks from behind, killing Mike. Jim's plan is to set up large, wooden stakes and coat them in the poison, then lure the predator into them. After some initial troubles, including a fight between the T. rex and Rhedosaurus, the plan works, killing the Tyrannosaurus, which nearly takes Jim with it. Years pass and the survivors have set up an agricultural settlement. Chuck and Charlotte now have a son. Charlotte wonders if they will ever be rescued, to which Nyla comments that it does not seem important anymore."] ['The farmers of the peaceful planet Akir  are threatened by the space tyrant Sador and his army of mutants, the Malmori. Sador\'s huge ship carries a weapon called a "Stellar Converter", which literally turns planets into small suns. He threatens to use the Converter unless the planet submits to him when he returns in several days. Zed, the last Akira warrior, the "Star Corsairs", is old and nearly blind. He suggests they hire mercenaries to protect the planet. Lacking valuable resources, they can only offer food and shelter in payment. Unable to go himself, Zed offers his ship, which has an artificial Intelligence navigation and tactical computer named Nell, for the job if they can find a pilot. The ship is fast and well-armed but cannot defeat Sador alone. Shad, a young man who has piloted the ship and is well known to "Nell", volunteers for the recruiting mission. Shad takes off, unaware Sador left a fighter behind to watch over the planet. The mutants Kalo and Tembo pursue Shad, but he is able to outrun them and they return to Akir to continue watching. Shad\'s first stop is the Hephaestus space station, which repairs androids. Expecting to find potential allies, Shad instead finds only two humans among the androids, Doctor Hephaestus  kept on life support and his beautiful daughter Nanelia. The doctor attempts to force Shad to mate with his daughter. He doesn\'t want to abandon his people, so Shad escapes, with Nanelia following in her own ship. Although she has no weapons, her computer systems are highly advanced and might be useful. The two split up to look for more mercenaries. Shad comes across Space Cowboy, portrayed by George Peppard, from Earth. He is a spacegoing truck driver, who wears a Stetson hat, plays the harmonica and has a fondness for western films. Shad saves Cowboy and his ship, an armed star freighter, from several hijackers. Shad learns that Cowboy is late delivering a shipment of laserguns to a planet which, as they watch, Sador destroys with his weapon. Lacking the fuel to carry the weapons home, Cowboy offers to deliver them to Akir. Shad talks him into teaching the Akira to use the guns. Shad then meets a set of five alien clones who share a group consciousness named Nestor. They admit their life is incredibly dull, since their whole race shares one mind. In order to be entertained, they have sent five members to join Shad\'s cause. Nestor does not need payment, saying they are completely self sufficient. Back orbiting Akir, Kalo and Tembo observe a wedding ceremony being conducted by Shad\'s sister Mol. Their ship swoops down and beams Mol aboard before they return to orbit. Meanwhile, Shad stops at a planet known for its criminal activity. He discovers a nearly abandoned world being used as a hideout by Gelt , a wealthy assassin who is so well known he can\'t show his face on any civilized planet. Gelt gladly offers his services in trade for the ability to live peacefully hiding among the Akira. Gelt\'s space ship is highly maneuverable and well armed. Shad is then approached by Saint-Exmin, of the Valkyrie warriors. She is a pushy young girl looking to prove herself in battle. She pilots a small, barely armed, but extremely fast star ship. Shad finds her annoying and wishes she would go away, but she tags along. While waiting for Shad\'s return, Nanelia had been captured by a reptilian slaver named Cayman. Cayman possesses a powerful old ship with an eclectic crew of aliens. She quickly recruits Cayman to their cause when he learns that they are looking for mercenaries to fight Sador. The only payment Cayman wants is Sador\'s head, since Sador\'s forces had destroyed Cayman\'s home world. The fleet of seven ships return to Akir. In the orbiting Malmori fighter, Tembo is raping Mol when Kalo detects the approaching mercenaries. They try to escape, but their ship is destroyed by the pursuing Gelt. Shad takes the mercenaries down to the surface, but they are greeted with caution by the natives, who are not used to violent species. Eventually, Sador returns, but his fleet of fighters is intercepted by Shad and his new friends. In the opening battle, despite skillfully destroying several of Sador\'s ships, Gelt\'s ship is badly damaged by enemy fire. He is mortally wounded when his ship crashes. After Gelt dies, Shad orders the people to make a feast for Gelt and bury him in a place of honor. When the Akira ask why Shad explains that his agreement for Gelt\'s services was food and a home on Akir. Meanwhile, Cowboy and the Akiran natives, armed with his laser guns, fight off Sador\'s invading ground forces. Sador survives an assassination attempt by one of the captured Nestors and launches all of his ships in retaliation against the planet. The Akira ground troops, lead by Cowboy, defeat Sador\'s army, but Zed is killed in the fighting. There is another huge space battle and the mercenaries\' ships are being destroyed one by one. Cowboy, piloting his armed star freighter, leads a strafing run on Sador\'s flagship. Cowboy\'s ship is severely damaged and he quietly sits on the bridge playing his harmonica as his damaged ship tumbles into deep space. However, the mercenaries are successful in destroying all of Sador\'s star fighers and the Stellar Converter, leaving only Sador\'s flagship. Shad and Nanelia, flying in Zed\'s Corsair, are captured by the flagship in a tractor beam. The pair escape in a lifepod after Shad orders Nell to activate the crippled Corsair\'s self-destruct program. The Corsair blows up, destroying Sador\'s ship. As Shad and Nanelia return to Akir, Nanelia despairs over the deaths of their friends. Shad tells her that the Akira believe that no one is truly dead when they are remembered and beloved by the living. The Akira will remember the sacrifices made by the mercenaries and honor them forever.'] ["The movie takes place again in the fictional Wangan Station of the Tokyo Metropolitan Police Department, in the five years since the previous movie, the once empty space within Wangan's jurisdiction  has become a popular tourist attraction, the officers at Wangan Station now have their hands full dealing with all manner of tourist related issues. In a sign of how much has not changed in the last five years, when Detective Sergeant Shunsaku Aoshima and several of other detectives playing the part of terrorists defeat a Special Assault Team unit during a counterterrorism exercise in front of the police brass and the media, all the detectives promptly have their pay docked by headquarters. When a string of murders of company execs begins taking place, Aoshima jumps at the opportunity to pursue something other than his current case, which he finds less than inspiring. However the powers that be have other ideas, and Wangan again plays host to a special investigation team from headquarters, led by Superintendent Okita, whose inflexible methods, reliance on technology over old fashioned police work, and condescending attitude towards the locals quickly leads to one fiasco after another, with the local officers working to clean up the resulting mess. Aoshima's friend Superintendent Shinji Muroi, assigned by headquarters to assist Okita, is again powerless to help the local officers as decisions are made by the higher ups."] ['In 1967, British spy Austin Powers attempts to assassinate his nemesis, Dr. Evil, in his own nightclub . Dr. Evil escapes by launching himself in a space rocket disguised as a Bob\'s Big Boy statue, and cryogenically freezing himself. Powers volunteers to be put into cryostasis to be revived when Dr. Evil returns. Thirty years later, in 1997, Dr. Evil returns with new plans for world domination, and discovers his henchman Number 2 has transformed Evil\'s empire into Virtucon, a multi-billion dollar enterprise. Though already wealthy, Dr. Evil proposes several plans to threaten the world for more money. However, he finds that each of them have already happened during his absence. He ultimately falls back on his old plan to steal nuclear weapons and hold the world hostage, and is advised to seek one hundred billion dollars. Later, he also discovers that henchwoman Frau Farbissina has used a sample of Evil\'s semen to artificially create his son, Scott Evil, now a Generation Y teenager. Scott is resentful of his father, despite Dr. Evil\'s attempts to get closer to him through therapy. Having learned of Dr. Evil\'s return, the British Ministry of Defence unfreezes Powers, acclimating him to the year 1997 with the help of agent Vanessa Kensington, the daughter of his sidekick in the 1960s, Mrs. Kensington. Powers quickly finds his free love credo of the 1960s to be out of touch with the 1990s, and is unable to ensnare Vanessa with his charms. Later, the two pose as a married couple in a Las Vegas hotel and meet No. 2\'s Italian secretary, Alotta Fagina. Powers breaks into her penthouse suite for reconnaissance and fornicates with her. He discovers plans for Dr. Evil\'s "Project Vulcan", which aims to drill a nuclear warhead into the Earth\'s molten core and trigger volcanic eruptions worldwide. Dr. Evil, learning that Powers is back and on his trail, creates a series of seductive female robots (called [[Fembots  to charm Powers before killing him. Austin apologizes to Vanessa for the affair with Alotta and vows to only be with her. Later the couple infiltrates Dr. Evil\'s headquarters but are captured by his henchman, Random Task. After Dr. Evil makes his demands to the world, he reveals that even after receiving the money he will still proceed with Project Vulcan. He then places Powers and Vanessa in a death trap that they easily escape from. Powers sends Vanessa for help, while he eludes and destroys the fembots by performing a striptease which arouses them so much that their heads explode. Vanessa returns with British forces. Powers finds the doomsday device and deactivates it at the last moment. He finds Dr. Evil in the main chamber along with Alotta Fagina who is holding Vanessa hostage, but Number 2 appears and attempts to betray Dr. Evil, offering to make a deal with Powers. Dr. Evil disposes of Number 2 using the trap door leading to lava  and escapes to his rocket, setting off the base\'s self-destruct system. Vanessa knocks Alotta unconscious and escapes with Powers as the lair explodes. Powers and Vanessa are later married, but during their honeymoon they are attacked by Random Task. Powers subdues the assassin and the couple adjourns to their balcony to have wild sex. Noticing a rather bright star, Powers pulls out a telescope to discover that it is in fact Dr. Evil\'s cryogenic chamber in which he vows revenge.'] ['{{Anchor}} Rudy Russo  is a young and cunning used car salesman with aspirations of running for senate. He works at the struggling New Deal used car lot owned by the elderly Luke Fuchs , who agrees to help invest $10,000 in Rudy\'s campaign if he promises to keep the business alive. Meanwhile, across the street, Luke\'s younger brother Roy L. Fuchs  is desperate to keep his used car lot from being demolished and replaced by a proposed freeway exit. Wanting to collect life insurance money and New Deal from Luke, Roy hires his mechanic, ex-demolition derby driver Mickey , to recklessly drive Luke\'s 1957 Chevrolet Bel Air around the block with Luke in the passenger\'s seat. After the Bel Air crashes back into the lot, Luke dies of a heart attack, but leaves Rudy with evidence that Roy staged the "accident". In an attempt to prevent Roy from gaining any inheritance, Rudy has his superstitious co-worker Jeff  and mechanic Jim  help him bury Luke in the lot\'s backyard in an Edsel that was once New Deal\'s sign ornament. They explain to Roy that Luke went on a vacation to Miami. The next night, Rudy and his friends make an illegal live broadcast of their commercial in the middle of a football game, but it goes awry when Jeff finds out the car on display is red  and female model Margaret  has her dress stuck on the hood ornament - which rips and exposes her when the hood is popped open. The commercial results in New Deal receiving a massive number of customers the next day. In one deal, Jeff cons a family into buying a station wagon by having the lot\'s mascot dog Toby fake being run over during a test drive. While Roy lures customers in his lot by hiring a circus animal service, Rudy counters with a live stripper show. Luke\'s daughter Barbara Jane  visits the lot in hopes of reuniting with him after over 10 years, but Rudy conceals the truth about her father by taking her out on a date, which inadvertently convinces her to stay in town for a while. Rudy\'s gang broadcasts a commercial in the middle of Jimmy Carter\'s next presidential address, destroying some of Roy\'s used cars in the process. In retaliation, Roy storms into New Deal and attacks Jeff before discovering Luke\'s resting place. Roy brings the police to New Deal to dig through the backyard the next day, but Jim had taken the Edsel out of the pit, and he rigs it to crash on a power transformer - making everyone believe Luke was killed in the fiery accident. Roy believes he now has possession of New Deal, but Rudy points out that Barbara is effectively the new owner. Barbara, however, discovers the fiasco over her father\'s death and fires Rudy. As a final means of shutting down New Deal, Roy has his connections in a local TV station alter Barbara\'s commercial to imply that she has a mile of cars. Meanwhile, Rudy\'s luck changes when he wins a bet on a football game, guaranteeing him enough money for his campaign. But once he discovers that Barbara has been sent to court for false advertising, Rudy rushes in to convince the court she has a mile of cars. However, in order to avoid a charge of perjury, she must prove it in front of Judge H. H. Harrison ([[Al Lewis  by having over 250 cars by 2:45 p.m. Rudy spends his senate investment on buying 250 cars from Mexican dealer Manuel  and having 250 student drivers deliver them to New Deal in less than two hours. After overcoming Roy\'s attempt at disrupting the convoy and Jeff\'s superstition of driving a red car, the drivers arrive in time, with the total measurements long enough to equal a mile; thus saving the used car lot. Rudy and Barbara are then informed by Roy\'s former attorney Sam Slaton  that once the freeway ramp across the street is constructed New Deal will become the largest dealership in town.'] ['The film revolves around the fate of five people - singer Carolyn Crosson, her boyfriend Gilbert London, child actress Sally Shine ,Abigail Gregory: "I.... I couldn\'t sing. And I couldn\'t dance." Sally says that the whole party was a surprise birthday for her older sister. Abby, Buzzy, Jill, Q and Sally then board the service elevator, catching up with the others. Anna manages to escape from an emergency escape hatch, rejoining Buzzy and the others in their elevator. The lightning strikes again, and both groups plunge downward. Sally forgives her sister, and they both turn into a shower of gold dust, breaking the curse and slowing both elevators to a stop. The groups are saved, and they all go to the Tip-Top Club on the top floor, restored to its former glory. One by one, the ghosts then ascend to Heaven, along with the other partygoers. Abigail, young once more, appears, meeting up once more with her sister, who gives her a surprise birthday present, a bracelet. The Gregory sisters then join hands and vanish into the night, breaking the curse on the hotel. With the spell broken, the Tower is re-opened, with Q taking charge. Cha-Ching.'] ['The plot follows Art Chew\'s  quest to retrieve the ancient peach. The movie starts with Art Chew traveling to America, as well as showing Art\'s training at the Shur-li temple , showing many kung-fu clichés such as grabbing the pebble from the masters hand , fighting on trees in this case small potted palms and "listing" for elements . After the montage is shown Art meets up with his cousin Wayman  a Chinese adult who tries to act American so he isn\'t embarrassed by stereotypes and foster cousin Roy Lee, an African American who sincerely believes he is a reincarnation of Bruce Lee. Not long after Art arrives, Helen Hu, an MSG  dealing  restaurant owner forces Art\'s stereotypical uncle into buying more MSG, Art intervenes and tries to fight Helen\'s muscle, the overweight and strong One Ton , the wise cracking "brains" of the outfit Lo Fat and the Kung-Fu fighter Non Fat. After blocking One Ton\'s attack, Art reels to attack showing a smiley face on his arm which Lo Fat points out as a symbol of a Shur-li monk and they run away. Art talks to his uncle and asks where the Ancient peach is and is told that it is in Helen Hu\'s restaurant  that Art uncle sold to her a few years ago. Art, Wayman and Roy Lee go to Helen\'s restaurant and are taken to her by a waiter that is badly dubbed because "This is how all Hong Kong actors talk". Helen claims to know nothing about the peach and gets One Ton to escort Art and Friends to leave on the way out Roy Lee tries to kick Non Fat but misses and breaks a hole in the wall. After Art and crew are thrown out Lo Fat notices a glowing coming out of the hole in the wall and looks in and finds the ancient peach. Events lead to the peach being swapped around a couple of times and a romantic interest Sue Shi  who is later revealed to be an agent of the Shur-li temple.'] ['After a weekend of emotional honesty at an Esalen-style retreat, Los Angeles sophisticates Bob and Carol Sanders  return to their life determined to embrace free love and complete openness. Bob and Carol happily reveal their ensuing love affairs to everyone, sparking both the curiosity and repulsion of their more conservative close friends Ted and Alice Henderson . When the two couples travel together to Las Vegas, Ted admits to an affair of his own. An outraged Alice demands that this new ethos be taken to its obvious conclusion: a mate-sharing foursome. But when they are actually ready to begin the deed, something within all four of them prevents it; the film never explains what that something is or may be. In the last scene of the movie, they are in the elevator coming down from their “trip”. They are shell shocked. All of them have woken up  to their collective morning after. The music swells “...what the world needs now is love sweet love..."'] ['Murder, homosexuality, nymphomania, and sadism are among the themes of this black comedy focusing on a brother and sister who become involved with a young, sexy, amoral drifter with a mysterious past. Kath is a lonely middle-aged woman living in the London suburbs with her ageing father Kemp, referred to as Da Da or the Da Da. When she meets the attractive Sloane sunbathing on a tombstone in the cemetery near her home, she invites him to become a lodger. Soon after he accepts her offer, Kath seduces him. Her closeted brother Ed makes him the chauffeur  of his pink 1959 Pontiac Parisienne convertible. Kemp, recognizing Sloane as the man who killed his boss years before, stabs him in the leg with a gardening tool. Sloane takes delight in playing brother against sister and tormenting the elderly man. He gets Kath pregnant and a jealous Ed warns him to stay away from her. When Sloane murders Kemp to protect his secret, they blackmail him by threatening to report him to the police unless he agrees to participate in a ménage à trois in which he becomes not only a sexual partner but their prisoner as well.'] ['The film centers on the family life of Bill Gluckman, a wealthy Jewish senator from Malibu, California who is running for the office of Governor of California. His son Brad is a wannabe "Eminem", preferring to go by the nickname "B-Rad" despite leading a rich, sheltered life. As a result, members of Mr. Gluckman\'s political campaign become concerned that Brad\'s idiotic, outlandish behavior will ruin his father\'s chances at being elected. The campaign team members hire two actors, who don\'t know any more about inner-city life than B-Rad, to act as gang members, kidnap him, and take him to South Central Los Angeles where they hope Brad will be "scared white" after witnessing what inner city life is really like. Unfortunately for everyone involved, the plan backfires after Brad attempts to associate himself with members of the gang community and subsequently gets himself and the actors, Sean and PJ, hired to guide him into trouble.'] ['After the death of his owner Mr. Wing , the mogwai Gizmo  becomes the guinea pig of the mad scientists working at Clamp Enterprises, an automatic state-of-the-art office building in Manhattan, run by the eccentric billionaire Daniel Clamp ([[John Glover . Seemingly at the mercy of the chief researcher Dr. Catheter , Gizmo reunites with his friend Billy Peltzer  and his fiancee Katie , both who work at Clamp Enterprises. Clamp himself visits and quickly befriends Billy upon being impressed by his skills in concept design, also sparking the interest of Billy\'s superior Marla Bloodstone . Gizmo is left in the office and spawns a new batch of mogwai when he gets wet, including Mohawk  who is the reincarnation of Stripe. The new batch eat after midnight and transform into Gremlins. While Mohawk tortures Gizmo, the other Gremlins cause the fire sprinklers to go off in a cooking show\'s studio and spawn an army of Gremlins which quickly throw the building into chaos. Billy quickly comes up with an idea to lure the Gremlins outside into sunlight by covering the front of the building in a giant sheet depicting nighttime, Clamp personally escaping outside to lead the plan. The Gremlins invade the laboratory, one devouring a brain serum and becoming the intelligent Brain Gremlin  who plans to inject a genetic sunblock formula into the army so they can survive in sunlight. Other Gremlins devour serums and are genetically altered, including an electrical Gremlin which Billy traps in Clamp\'s answering machine. All the while "Grandpa Fred"  catches the chaos on camera, broadcasting it to the world; he dreams of being a proper anchorman but only works at Clamp Enterprises as an actor. Murray Futterman , Billy\'s neighbor from Kingston Falls and former victim of the Gremlin\'s antics, visits New York City with his wife Sheila  and, upon encountering a Gremlin that consumed a bat serum, sneaks into the Clamp building to aid Billy. Billy, Dr. Catheter, and the chief of security Forster  team up to defeat the Gremlins, but Dr. Catheter is killed by the electric Gremlin and Forster is chased off by a female lovestruck Gremlin. Mohawk finishes torturing Gizmo and devours a spider serum, transforming into a monstrous half-Gremlin half-spider hybrid. He attacks Kate and Marla, but Gizmo  confronts Mohawk and kills him with an ignited bottle of white-out. Outside the building, a rainstorm frustrates Clamp\'s plan as the Gremlins gather in the building\'s foyer. Billy formulates a second plan to kill the Gremlin army: having Mr. Futterman spray the army with water and then releasing the electrical Gremlin, electrocuting and killing all of the army including the Brain Gremlin. Clamp charges in with the police and press, but is so thrilled by the end result that he gives Billy, Katie, Fred and Marla promotions and gives Grandpa Fred a job as an anchorman and gives Mr. Katsuji  who is a photographer and cameraman a job to be Grandpa Fred\'s cameraman while Clamp decides to start a new project based on Kingston Falls\' tranquil setting from Billy\'s drawing. Forster calls Clamp where he is trapped inside a restroom in one of the higher levels of the building with the female Gremlin . The female Gremlin approaches Forster in a wedding dress. Forster shrugs and resigns himself to his fate.'] ['Sunset Strip tells the story of a number of music industry artists, all in the span of 24 hours on the Sunset Strip in Hollywood. Michael secretly pines for Tammy. She is busy sleeping with the up-and-coming country rocker Glen Walker and the rock star Duncan. Zach and his band are opening at the Whisky a Go Go for Duncan Reed and the Curb. In these 24 hours, they all cross paths pursue their dreams.<ref name Collis, Adam  |date Sunset Strip |medium 20th Century Fox}}'] ['Ben Stein introduces the film as a long-lost film from the 1980s, so a lot of the jokes are now outdated in 2006. As the Gunderson family sets out on a cross-country road trip to their new home, boyishly handsome Charlie, blossoming dancer Lori, and highly intelligent Max all have their own ideas of what life will be like in their new town. When Charlie is singled out as the least popular senior on the very first day of school, kindly outcast Billie amiably agrees to show him the ropes and provide him with an illuminating crash course in the clique system. Meanwhile, Lori is shocked to discover that dancing has been banned in her new town and the only place to cut loose is at the clandestine dance sessions held in the garage of current janitor and former dance instructor Gabriel. Immediately forbidden from attending the highly secretive shindigs, Lori stealthily sneaks out to be with the kindly Gabriel as her feelings for the dance instructor grow and the pair set into motion a clever plan to usher in a new era of dancing around town. When Charlie vows to win the heart of popular girl Kimberly by competing against her athletic boyfriend, Kipp, in the upcoming school decathlon, lovelorn Billie quietly pines for the clueless newcomer from afar as he begins a rigorous training regiment with Japanese gardener Yamagashi. As his family struggles to adjust to their new life, reclusive genius Max continues working on a highly advanced home computer that soon draws the attention of the CIA.{{allrovi movie}}'] ['In the mining town of Goldlick, Jeff , a young fan of B movie actor Bruce Campbell, and his friend Clayton  go out to a cemetery to meet two girls, Big Debbie  and Little Debbie . Jeff removes a medallion off the mausoleum, unleashing the Chinese god of the dead, Guan-Di , who kills Clayton and the Debbies while Jeff flees. Meanwhile, Bruce Campbell is finishing filming for the fictional Cave Alien II, and is promised a birthday surprise from his agent, Mills Toddner . Bruce meets Jeff, who kidnaps Campbell and takes him to Goldlick in hopes that his hero can save the town from Guan-Di. Upon arrival, Bruce assumes it\'s his birthday surprise from Mills, and thinks it\'s all a movie, despite a lack of cameras and a script, and agrees to "help". He learns about Guan-Di in the town\'s hall and during a dinner party, Bruce gets on the good side of Jeff\'s mother, Kelly , who had initially been irritated by Bruce\'s behavior. After gearing up at Goldlick\'s gun shop, Bruce and many citizens of Goldlick go out into the woods to take on Guan-Di, which Bruce still thinks is part of a movie. Bruce then finds out that it\'s all real and flees Goldlick, angering the townspeople, disappointing Kelly and upsetting Jeff. As part of a running gag, an Italian painter  constantly repaints the population sign every time someone dies, including himself. Bruce returns to his caravan to find that everyone, including his own dog, hates him a lot. He has a restraining order placed upon him by his ex-wife, Cheryl , and finds that his "surprise birthday present" from Mills was just a singing prostitute named Kasey . Bruce is then called by Jeff, who informs him that he\'s going to take on Guan-Di alone in spite of Bruce\'s retreat. Kasey takes Bruce back to Goldlick, where he is treated with contempt and tries to reconcile with Kelly. To rescue Jeff, they both drive to the old cemetery, in which they set up dynamite at the mausoleum and try to lure Guan-Di inside with one of Jeff\'s cardboard cut-outs of Bruce, which Guan-Di doesn\'t fall for. After kissing Kelly, Bruce decides to sacrifice himself  and the dynamite is blown up. He emerges from the debris alive, and hangs the medallion back onto the mausoleum wall to ease the spirit. Guan-Di then also comes back to life, and at the very last minute, it turns out the whole scenario was a movie. Bruce argues with Ted Raimi about the cliched ending and turns it into a happy ending, which involves Bruce and Kelly married, living in a nice house with their son, Jeff, who is accepted into Harvard University. After the movie ends, Bruce asks "What could be a better ending than that?", after which Guan-Di appears and attacks Bruce.'] ['Atouk  is a bullied and scrawny caveman living in "One Zillion BC &ndash; October 9th"Apparently in memory of John Lennon who was killed 5 months before the film\'s release, was Ringo Starr\'s friend and bandmate with The Beatles, and whose birthday was October 9. He lusts after the beautiful but shallow Lana , who is the mate of Tonda , their tribe\'s physically imposing bullying leader. After being banished along with his friend Lar , Atouk falls in with a band of assorted misfits, among them the comely Tala  and the elderly blind man Gog . The group has ongoing encounters with hungry dinosaurs, and rescues Lar from a "nearby ice age", where they encounter an abominable snowman. In the course of these adventures they discover sedative drugs, fire, cooking, music, and learn how to walk fully upright. Atouk uses these advancements to lead an attack on Tonda, overthrowing him and becoming the tribe\'s new leader. He discards Lana and takes Tala as his mate, and they live happily ever after.'] ['The movie opens with a young boy running to meet his grandfather , who lies dying on his bed. The young boy sadly explains that he could not find the medicine required to cure his grandfather\'s ailment and wonders aloud who will take care of him after his grandfather passes away. His dying grandfather attempts to reassure the young boy, and explains that he should go to America. He further explains that when he was younger and working as a merchant marine, he met "the most beautiful girl" in America, and tells the young boy that if he goes there, she will take very good care of him. As the young boy is asking how to find her, his grandfather passes away and the movie fades to black. When it fades back in, quite some time has passed and the young boy, who is now an adult, has arrived in America and has begun working as a chef, catering to some gangsters in California. The gangsters, who call the man "Bruce" for his resemblance to the martial arts master Bruce Lee, are having trouble keeping their "boss of bosses" happy, and are trying to come up with the perfect solution to distributing cocaine to all of their clients throughout the United States. Some previous attempts at moving the drug have resulted in busts, and the boss of bosses is not happy. Through a series of misunderstandings, Bruce makes it into the local newspaper as a hero, having thwarted an attempted robbery at the local market. Bruce\'s boss, Lil Pete, sees the newspaper and quickly devises a plan putting Bruce in control of moving the cocaine across the country, using Freddy, a stooge associated with the drug lords, as Bruce\'s limousine chauffeur. He convinces Bruce  that he should drive to New York, not fly, as flying would rob him of seeing the beautiful countryside. Bruce agrees and the rest of the movie follows an unknowing Bruce delivering what he thinks to be flour to associates of the gangsters across the country, and the interactions he has with the people on this trip.'] ['Putney Swope, the only black man on the executive board of an advertising firm, is accidentally put in charge after the unexpected death of the chairman of the board: each board member actually believed that he, himself, should be elected Chairman, but the bylaws of the corporation prohibit voting for oneself, so each individual member voted his secret ballot for the person that no one else would vote for: Putney Swope. Renaming the business "Truth and Soul, Inc.", Swope replaces all but one of the white employees and insists they no longer accept business from companies that produce alcohol, war toys, or tobacco. The success of the business draws unwanted attention from the United States Government, which considers it "a threat to the national security."'] ['A mysterious virus with the 100% mortality rate spreads across Japan. Everyone infected with this virus dies without exception, screaming and their heads exploding. After the explosion, their faces turn into a smiling face which strongly resembles Kim Jong-il.'] ['Henry Holland  is a timid London bank clerk who has been in charge of gold bullion deliveries for over 20 years. He has a reputation for fussing over details and panicking about suspect cars following the bullion van, and appears to be a man dedicated to his job and the gold\'s security. But, in fact, he has hatched the "perfect" plot to steal a load of bullion and retire. The one thing that has prevented this plan from being put into operation is that selling the gold on the black market in Britain would be too risky, and Holland is at a loss as to how to smuggle it abroad. One evening a new lodger &mdash; artist Alfred Pendlebury  &mdash; arrives at the boarding house where Holland lives in Lavender Hill. Pendlebury owns a foundry that makes presents and souvenirs that are sold in many resorts, including foreign ones. Noticing how similar the foundry is to the place where the gold is made into ingots, Holland decides that the ideal way of smuggling the gold out of the country would be as Eiffel Tower paperweights sold in Paris, and puts this hypothetically to his new friend: "By Jove, Holland, it\'s a good job we\'re both honest men." "It is indeed, Pendlebury." When Holland suddenly finds that he is about to be transferred to another department at the bank, he and Pendlebury quickly move into action. They recruit two petty crooks, Lackery Wood  and Shorty Fisher , to help them carry out the robbery. The plan is simple but clever, and it succeeds: Wood and Fisher carry out the hijack of the bullion van and switch the gold to Pendlebury\'s works van. Holland, who is supposedly assaulted and almost drowned in the robbery, becomes the hero of the hour. The police find themselves running around in circles, unable to track down the "master criminal" who is in fact right under their noses giving them false statements and misleading clues. Meanwhile, Holland and his associates melt the gold in Pendlebury\'s foundry and export it to France disguised as miniature Eiffel Towers. The plan goes wrong when the woman who runs the Eiffel Tower souvenir kiosk misunderstands what she is supposed to do, and instead of holding back the specially-marked box of Eiffel Towers, opens it and puts the souvenirs out for sale. Pendlebury and Holland, who have adopted the names of "Al" and "Dutch", arrive to retrieve their disguised bullion only to find that six of the towers have been sold to a party of British schoolgirls. A wild chase back to the Channel ferry follows but all sorts of hold-ups, including problems with the customs men, prevent them from getting to the ship and the girls in time. If just one of those towers is found to be gold then the game is up. Pendlebury and Holland therefore track down the schoolgirls and, in exchange for a similar tower and ten shillings, recover most of the loot. One girl however refuses to return hers since she intends to give it to a friend who is a policeman. The girl delivers the souvenir to the officer, who is at an exhibition of police history and methods at Hendon Police College. Also attending is a police inspector who is investigating the robbery. As part of the case he checked up on Pendlebury\'s foundry and was told that many souvenirs bought in foreign places are actually made in England. A sudden thought occurs to him and he orders the souvenir to be tested. At that moment Pendlebury snatches it and he and Holland make their escape in a police car. A confused pursuit then takes place through London, with Holland using the radio in the police car to give false descriptions of the vehicle in which the crooks are riding. Eventually, though, an officer succeeds in getting into their car and arresting Pendlebury. Holland escapes to Rio de Janeiro with the six gold towers, worth "twenty-five thousand pounds, enough to keep me for one year in the style to which I was, ah, unaccustomed." After the money is mostly gone, he is telling his story to a British visitor before they both leave the restaurant, handcuffed to one another; Holland has been found and arrested and is due for extradition back to the UK.'] ['Two teenagers exploring at night come upon an apparently abandoned military installation. They take advantage of what appears to be a swimming pool to skinny dip. The teenagers are attacked by an unseen force and disappear under the water. A light activates in the main building and a silhouetted figure investigates the screams, but is too late to help. A determined but somewhat absent-minded insurance investigator named Maggie McKeown  is dispatched to find the missing teenagers near Lost River Lake. She hires surly backwoods drunkard Paul Grogan  to serve as her guide. They come upon the abandoned compound, which functioned as a fish hatchery prior to being militarized. They discover bizarre specimens in jars and indications of an occupant. Maggie locates the drainage switch for the outside pool and decides to empty it to search the bottom, but the moment she activates it a haggard and frantic man attacks her, attempting to stop the draining until he is subdued by Grogan. The two find a skeleton in the filtration trap of the empty pool, and learn it was filled with salt water. The man awakens and steals their jeep, but crashes it due to his disorientation, and is taken to Grogan\'s home where they spend the night. They take Grogan\'s homemade raft down the river, where the man wakes up and tells them that the pool in the facility was filled with a school of piranhas, and that Maggie released them into the river. They are skeptical until they come across the corpse of Grogan\'s friend Jack , who has bled to death from an attack on a fishing dock. The man reveals himself to be Doctor Robert Hoak ([[Kevin McCarthy , the lead scientist of a defunct Vietnam War project, Operation: Razorteeth, which was tasked with engineering a ravenous and prodigious strain of piranha that could endure the cold water of the North Vietnamese rivers and inhibit Viet Cong movement. The project was shut down when the war ended, but some of the mutant specimens survived the poisoning protocols, and Hoak tended to them to salvage his work. Grogan realizes that if the local dam is opened, The School will have access to the Lost River water park  and summer camp on the other side, where his daughter is in attendance. Traveling downriver, they encounter a capsized canoe with a boy whose father has been killed by the fish. Hoak rescues the boy but suffers mortal injuries when The School attacks him; he dies before he can tell how to kill them. Blood from Hoak\'s corpse causes the piranha to tear away the raft\'s lashings, and they barely get to shore. Grogan stops the dam attendant from opening the spillway and calls the military. A military team led by Colonel Waxman ([[Bruce Gordon  and former Razorteeth scientist Dr. Mengers  feed poison into the upstream section, ignoring the protests that the fish survived the first attempt. When Grogan discovers that a tributary bypasses the dam, Waxman and Mengers quarantine them to prevent the agitated pair from alerting the media. When they escape, Waxman alerts law enforcement to capture them. The School attacks the summer camp during a swimming marathon, injuring and killing many children and a supervisor; Grogan\'s daughter, however, escapes due to her fear of water, and eventually rallies herself to aid her camp mates in escaping the killer fish. The School continues downriver. Waxman and Mengers arrive at the water park to intercept Grogan and Maggie, but the piranha attack the resort and kill a lot of vacationers, including Waxman. Grogan and Maggie commanded a speedboat and rush to the shuttered smelting plant at the narrowest point of the river. Remembering the empty facility pond, Grogan realizes the fish can survive in salt water; if the school passes the delta, they will reach the ocean and spread over the entire world. He intends to open the smelting refuse tanks, hoping that the industrial waste will kill the fish. They arrive at the plant ahead of the fish, but the elevated water level has submerged the control office, and Grogan must go underwater; he ties a rope around his waist and instructs Maggie to count to 100 before pulling him out. Grogan struggles to move the rusted valve wheel when The School arrives and attacks him. The assault hyperadrenalizes him, and he manages to open the valves just as Maggie guns the engine and pulls him to safety. Maggie takes Grogan back to the water park, where a massive MEDEVAC is tending to the victims; his injuries are severe and he is seen in a catatonic state. Mengers gives an on-site television interview, providing a sanitized version of events and downplaying the existence of piranha. Her voice is heard carrying out over a radio on the shore of a West Coast beach. As she says "there\'s nothing left to fear", the piranha\'s characteristic trilling sound drowns out the waves on a beach, indicating that the fish have made it to the ocean.'] ['Christine Painter  is a sexually naive waitress and single-mother who pays for her teenage son\'s tuition by renting flats to local tarts. She later becomes a call girl herself - joining her friend Shirley  and their "maid" Dolly  - and specializes in fetish/kink roleplay with older gentlemen. With her new family of friends and admirers, she becomes a huge sensation leading to wealth and infamy in the tabloids. The brothel business also brings out Christine\'s self-confidence, and leads to repairing a previously strained relationship with her father.'] ['The film begins with a back story of how black culture\'s popularity with the American public began to decline in the 1980s, when style and originality began to lose appeal in the public eye due to the persistent efforts of "The Man" , a powerful Caucasian man in control of a secret organization that seeks to undermine the African-American community as well as the cultures of other minorities. As the freelancing protector of the black community, Undercover Brother  fights this organization\'s efforts to subdue the spread of black culture. In addition to the endeavors of Undercover Brother, an organization known as the B.R.O.T.H.E.R.H.O.O.D. battles The Man to ensure the continuance of black culture. Sistah Girl , a female agent of the B.R.O.T.H.E.R.H.O.O.D., infiltrates a company owned by "The Man" in order to obtain valuable data that will let them stop The Man. At the same time, Undercover Brother breaks into the building. Before Sistah Girl can relay all of the data back to the B.R.O.T.H.E.R.H.O.O.D., Undercover Brother decommissions a computer unit, ending Sistah Girl\'s infiltration. As Undercover Brother escapes security with the help of Sistah Girl. After hearing Sistah Girl describe the incident in explanation of why she failed the mission, the B.R.O.T.H.E.R.H.O.O.D.\'s Chief , is left in bewilderment. The Man is infuriated that Gen. Warren Boutwell , a U.S. Army general based on Colin Powell, is considering running for president, and his lackey Mr. Feather  informs him of a mind control drug which The Man uses to make Boutwell abort his plans and instead open a fried chicken franchise. The B.R.O.T.H.E.R.H.O.O.D. is quick to determine that this sudden change of heart is the work of The Man and recruits Undercover Brother for assistance. He is introduced to Conspiracy Brother , Smart Brother , The Chief, and Lance , an intern who is the only white man in the organization due to affirmative action. The B.R.O.T.H.E.R.H.O.O.D. convinces Undercover Brother to go undercover in white culture as a new employee at a cigarette company owned by The Man. Through surveillance, Mr. Feather discovers Undercover Brother\'s identity as an infiltrator and deploys his secret weapon that he calls "Black Man\'s Kriptonite": White She-Devil . Posing as another new employee, she and Undercover Brother meet and start dating, and she begins to make him do stereotypical "white" things, such as buying corduroy and khaki clothes, singing karaoke and adopting a silly set of euphemisms. The Man continues to use his mind control drug, distributed in the General\'s fried chicken, to undermine black culture by infecting John Singleton and Jay-Z. Concerned with Undercover Brother\'s unusual behavior, Sistah Girl attacks White She-Devil and convinces Undercover Brother to return to the fight. They are pursued and cornered by White She-Devil and her henchmen, but after a fight with Sistah Girl she shoots her henchmen, having fallen in love with Undercover Brother. They return to the B.R.O.T.H.E.R.H.O.O.D., where Smart Brother questions White She-Devil about The Man and Lance is officially made part of the group when he declares his desire to abolish bigotry after watching Roots. The group heads to a major awards gala after they find out that James Brown is The Man\'s next target. Lance accompanies Brown as a bodyguard, but Mr. Feather gains control of their limousine and kidnaps him. Soon after, the group finds an antidote for the mind control drug. They go to The Man\'s base, following the signal of a transmitter placed on Brown. The group goes undercover as a Jamaican cleaning service to procure Brown and "The Candidate", a controlled black man that the organization will use to land a crushing blow to black culture. Mr. Feather receives a message from The Man himself stating that he will arrive on the island soon, and prepares to administer the drug to Brown and present him as a trophy to The Man. However, Brown starts to sing "Say It Loud - I\'m Black and I\'m Proud", forcing Mr. Feather to acknowledge his hidden blackness, and Brown then reveals himself as Undercover Brother in disguise. Mr. Feather sends his henchmen after the infiltrators, who discover the Candidate is Boutwell, and is ordered by Mr. Feather to kill Undercover Brother while he escapes. In the fighting, Conspiracy Brother accidentally begins the building\'s self-destruct sequence. The B.R.O.T.H.E.R.H.O.O.D. cure Boutwell and evacuate him from the building while Undercover Brother chases Mr. Feather. The Man\'s helicopter is in the air but turns to leave, The Man deciding Mr. Feather has failed him. Mr. Feather jumps onto the helicopter\'s landing gear as it flies away, and Undercover Brother uses his afro picks to impale Mr. Feather in the buttocks, causing him to fall into the water where he is eaten by a shark. However, The Man escapes and the building explodes, Undercover Brother survives by leaping off the building and using his wide pant legs as parachutes. He and Sistah Girl kiss and board the hovercraft and leave the island, the world at peace.'] ['The flop musical "Funny Boy"  opens – and closes . Afterward, Leo Bloom  arrives at the office of the show\'s washed up producer, Max Bialystock . Max has hired Leo Bloom as his accountant. While studying Max\'s books, Leo inadvertently inspires Max to gain more money with a flop than a hit by putting on a show that is certain to fail at the box office after collecting an excessive amount of money from their backers and cleverly changing their accounts, leaving them with $2,000,000 to spend. At first, Leo refuses to participate. Max, who cannot change the books himself, attempts to coax Leo into the scheme , but Leo still refuses and returns to his old accounting firm, Whitehall & Marks. After being chastised by Mr. Marks , Leo fantasizes about being a Broadway producer . Realizing that he wants to get into the world and take this risk, Leo quits his job and, with Max, forms Bialystock & Bloom. Max and Leo search for "the worst play ever written" and discover Springtime for Hitler, written by an ex-Nazi named Franz Liebkind . They are coerced into performing Adolf Hitler\'s favorite tune and swearing the sacred "Siegfried Oath" in order to gain Liebkind\'s signature for Broadway rights to the musical . They solicit a flamboyant gay director, Roger De Bris   and his faithful theatrical companion, Carmen Ghia , to direct and choreograph the play. Roger initially refuses saying that the musical is far too dark and gritty and that Broadway needs to be more "gay" . He is talked into it, however, after being enticed by Max and Leo, who tell him that if he directs the play, he is certain to win a Tony. Then, Ulla , a beautiful Swedish woman, appears at their office for casting despite there being no auditions. Max insists on hiring her as their secretary and auditioning her . To gain the finances for the musical Max has dalliances with every old lady across town . Max and Leo return to the office to discover that Ulla has redecorated it to be entirely white. After Max leaves, Leo laments about Ulla and the dangers of sex straying him from his work, but the attraction between them nevertheless culminates in a kiss between Leo and Ulla . Later, at the auditions for the role of Hitler, Franz becomes angered at a performer\'s rendition of Hitler\'s favorite German song. Franz storms the stage and sings the song the correct way . Max hires Franz to play Hitler. On opening night, as the cast and crew prepare to go on stage, Leo wishes everyone "good luck", to which the players are horrified. They explain to Leo that it is in fact "bad luck" to say "good luck" on opening night and that the correct phrase is to say "break a leg" . Franz leaves to prepare and, in his rush, literally breaks his leg. Max enlists Roger to perform the role in his place, and Roger accepts. As the show opens, the audience is horrified and begins to walk out until Roger steps on stage as Hitler. Because his performance is so flamboyant, the audience misinterprets the play as an anti-Nazi parody and a mockery of Hitler rather than Franz\'s original vision . As a result, the show is a success and the IRS will be keeping tabs on Max and Leo. After the show, an angry Franz starts trying to shoot the producers for, despite his show being a hit, making a fool out of Hitler. However, the police arrest him after hearing the shots, but not before he breaks his other leg while trying to escape. Max, too, gets arrested for his tax fraud. Leo hides away from the police, and Ulla finds him hanging on a coat hanging rod; then, they escape to Rio de Janeiro , but they return to stand up for Max in court when Leo realizes that Max is the one person who has ever shown him any degree of respect . The judge sentences them both to five years at Sing Sing, but they and Franz are pardoned by the Governor after writing a musical in prison ("[[Prisoners of Love . At the end, they go on to become successful Broadway producers.'] ['{{Plot}} The film, set in Edwardian London, begins with a young couple courting in the woods. Doris Mann  is insistent that there is a peeping tom watching them from the bushes. Her boyfriend, Albert Potter , while grumbling that he\'s been dating her for a year and there\'s been nothing worth watching thus far, reluctantly leaves to scout the area, leaving Doris on her own. Suddenly, a hideous creature appears from behind a tree and abducts her. When Albert returns he is horrified to find Doris gone, and a hairy, clawed finger in her place. Terrified, he runs to the police. The bungling Constable Slobotham  takes the details of the case and phones his superior, the henpecked Sergeant Sidney Bung . Bung gets an earful from his nagging wife, Emily , about the noise the telephone is making as it is preventing her from sleeping. Slobotham reports the disappearance of Doris Mann, and Bung notes that she is the sixth woman to have vanished in Hocombe Woods within a year. After ordering Slobotham to keep Albert there, the long-suffering Bung hangs up and prepares to leave for the police station. As he does, Emily screams at him more. After interviewing Albert and seeing the strange finger the monster left behind, Bung, Slobotham, and Albert search the woods. The creature is searching for his finger but is disturbed by the arrival of Bung and Albert; Slobotham is guarding the sergeant\'s car. Albert and Bung notice a horrible stench in the air, and Slobotham faints with horror at the monster\'s appearance. As he lies unconscious, the creature tears the car apart then leaves. Bung and Albert find Slobotham and drive to an eerie manor house named Bide-A-Wee Rest Home. Inside a tall, Lurch-like butler, Sockett  greets them. When they inquire to see the master of the house, Sockett deadpans that the master has been dead for fifteen years, yet still persists in asking him if he can see them. Bemused, the three men enter the gothic manor and wait in the lounge. Watching them through the eyes of a portrait is the voluptuous lady of the manor, Valeria . After Sockett explains that the policemen want to see the master, Valeria reluctantly goes to wake her brother. She creeps through a secret passage to an underground laboratory and uses electricity to reanimate her brother, zombie Dr Orlando Watt . Dr Watt stumbles to greet the three men, and explains to them his dreams of reanimating his mummified Egyptian pharaoh, King Rubatitti. After getting a statement, Bung makes to leave but Watt collapses and his face begins to dissolve into the air. Albert wires Watt up to an electric plug and restores him. Bung refuses to acknowledge anything odd has happened, but is still unwilling to revisit the house. After they leave, Valeria is about to regenerate the monster who kidnapped Doris; the creature is named Oddbod, and it transpires that Dr Watt and Valeria and Oddbod are responsible for the missing women, as they kidnap innocent women and turn them into mannequins. When Bung returns home, he receives another nagging from his wife, yet manages to escape to the lab as they have a report on Oddbod\'s finger. The scientist describes it as coming from an extinct species of ape-man, but says he will wire it up to an electrical charge to see if it is a living membrane. Suddenly Albert turns up with a note from someone saying they know what happened to Doris. They go to the public washing house and meet Dan Dann, ([[Charles Hawtrey , who dilly-dallies about what happened to the girls. Unknown to them, Watt and Valeria have sent Oddbod to follow them, and Oddbod kills Dan by drowning him in a lavatory. Back at the lab, the scientist has accidentally managed to recreate another Oddbod, which kills him and goes to Bide-A-Wee, where he is adopted by the Watt family. Later that night, after Watt and Valeria have finished vitrifying another victim, Bung arrives at the manor and becomes infatuated with Valeria, who returns his love. After a wild night with Valeria, Bung is in a good mood, which is ruined after Albert is caught breaking into a shop, claiming one of dummies is his Doris. Obviously no one believes him. Bung returns to Valeria, as he cannot stop thinking about her. He lets slip about the confusion with Doris and the dummy, and she becomes worried. Valeria confides in Orlando and they scheme to get Doris back. Valeria poisons Bung and thus turns him into Mr Hyde, and sends him out to collect the dummy. Next morning Bung and Slobotham arrest Albert on suspicion of theft, but fail to prove anything as he has merely five toes, whilst the footprints in the shop had six. Albert leaves and Bung and Slobotham hatch a plan to set a trap for the monster who is abducting the women. Slobotham is disguised in drag and made to sit in the woods. Emily Bung follows them, thinking her husband is having an affair with this "woman" and Albert also follows, wanting to catch the creature. Emily and Slobotham are captured by the Oddbods, and taken to the manor. Albert and Bung find Oddbod\'s ear and go to see if Valeria is safe. Valeria and Orlando plot to rid themselves of Bung and his friends, by starting a new line of male dummies for tailors. Valeria persuades Bung and Albert to spend the night at the manor, and slips a viper into their bed as they sleep. Emily Bung is turned into a dummy, and they prepare to start on Slobotham. Bung kills the snake with a gun and Orlando sets the monsters on them. Bung and Albert attempt to escape through a secret passage and save Slobotham and discover the dummy of Doris. Albert manages to reanimate her and Bung finally accepts that there is something odd going on. As they try to escape, they are cornered by the Oddbods and are trapped in the lounge. As the monsters advance on them, Albert downs the poisoned brandy Valeria gave Bung earlier. Albert turns into Mr Hyde and defeats the Oddbods. Just as he returns to normal, Orlando and Valeria burst in and Orlando threatens to petrify them with a special formula. Before he can, lightning strikes a plug and brings the Egyptian mummy to life. Watt is delighted, yet the mummy turns on him and drags him into a boiling vat, with Watt screaming, "Frying Tonight!" Albert and Doris are married and visit Bung in his home. They are surprised to find that Mrs Bung is still a dummy, and that Valeria is now living with Sergeant Bung. The film ends with the dummy of Mrs Bung winking slyly at the camera.'] ['The film follows a group of intergalactic homosexual black men from the planet Anus, who discover the presence of female creatures on planet Earth. Using rayguns, they proceed to eliminate females one by one from Earth, eliciting gratitude from the previously oppressed male population. Before leaving the planet, they leave behind a "Gay Ambassador" to educate the Earthlings about their new way of life.'] ['Nicholas Angel , an extremely dedicated police officer in a London Police service, performs his duties so well that he is accused of making his colleagues look bad. As a result, his superiors transfer him to "crime-free" Sandford, a town in rural Gloucestershire. Once in Sandford, he immediately arrests a large group of under-age drinkers, and a drunk driver who turns out to be his partner, PC Danny Butterman , the son of local police inspector Frank Butterman . Danny, well-meaning but naive, is in awe of his new partner. Angel struggles to adjust to the slow, uneventful pace of the village. Despite clearing up several otherwise unnoticed crimes, including confiscating a naval mine and a number of unlicensed firearms, Angel soon finds his most pressing concern is an escaped swan. His attention to the letter of the law makes him the target of dislike and mockery by his co-workers. Angel and Butterman eventually bond over drinks at the local pub and action films such as Point Break and Bad Boys II. A series of gruesome deaths shock the town; Angel investigates, believing them to be murders. He attempts to arrest Simon Skinner , the manager of the local Somerfield supermarket, and member of Sandford\'s Neighbourhood Watch Alliance , under suspicion of murdering the victims due to their involvement in a lucrative property deal. Skinner is able to provide plausible explanations for all of Angel\'s charges, and a solid alibi. Disappointed and concerned that he has become paranoid, Angel returns to his routine policing with Danny. However, he overhears a shopkeeper inquire about the \'killers\'. He realizes that he was wrong in suspecting the murders to be the actions of one person. He takes his multiple-killer theory to Inspector Butterman, who asks him to sleep on it. When Angel returns to his hotel room he is attacked by a cloaked figure. He knocks the attacker unconscious, discovering it\'s Michael Armstrong , the trolley boy at Somerfield, sent by Skinner to kill Angel. Tipped off by Skinner on Michael\'s walkie-talkie, Angel heads to the nearby castle where he discovers the truth: Inspector Butterman and the NWA are obsessed with keeping Sandford\'s "Village of the Year" title, murdering anyone who they see as a threat to the village\'s image . The late Mrs Butterman had put everything into helping Sandford win the first "Village of the Year", but travellers ruined the park the night before the judges arrived, which drove her to committing suicide. While fleeing the mob, Angel discovers the bodies of various "problem" people whom the NWA had disposed of, but then Danny corners and stabs him. Having tricked the NWA into believing that Angel is dead , Danny drives him to the village limits and releases him, insisting that he knew nothing about their true activities. Danny urges Angel to go back to London, reasoning that no one would believe the truth about Sandford. At a motorway service station, Angel sees Point Break and Bad Boys II on a nearby DVD rack and is inspired to stop the NWA. He drives back to town and arms himself with the guns he confiscated earlier, and with Danny\'s help engages the NWA in an increasingly destructive series of gun fights, taking down most of them non-fatally. After persuading their colleagues of the truth, Angel and Danny take the battle to Somerfield: Skinner and Inspector Butterman flee, and are pursued by Angel and Danny  to the nearby model village. Angel fights Skinner one-on-one, until Skinner slips and impales his mouth on the spire of the miniature cathedral. Inspector Butterman attempts to escape in Angel\'s car, but crashes into a tree when the swan attacks him from the back seat. Angel\'s former superiors arrive from London, begging him to return as the crime rate has risen without him, but Angel chooses to remain in Sandford. Back at the police station, Tom Weaver , the last remaining member of the NWA, attempts to shoot Angel with an antique blunderbuss, but Danny dives in front of Angel and takes the shot. As Weaver tries to reload, Angel jumps and kicks him in the chest, causing him to fall onto the confiscated naval mine, triggering it and destroying the station. Angel tears through the rubble, distraught as he uncovers an unresponsive Danny. One year later, Inspector Angel lays flowers on a grave marked "Butterman"; it is revealed that Danny has survived and the grave is his mother\'s. Danny is now a sergeant and Angel the head of the Sandford Police Service, and the two head off to patrol Sandford.'] ["Lou Peckinpaugh , a bumbling San Francisco private detective, tries to prove himself innocent of his partner's murder while helping a bizarre array of characters recover a lost treasure. The film spoofs Casablanca, Maltese Falcon, Chinatown, A Streetcar Named Desire and To Have and Have Not.{{cite web}}"] ['King, living in Rome churning out one noir book after another, is offered an abnormally large sum to ghostwrite the autobiography of a mystery celebrity. The intrigued King agrees and is transported to a remote island  where he meets his subject, Preston Gilbert , a one-time movie star known for playing gangsters and notorious for hanging out with real-life mobsters off the set. Now dying of cancer, Gilbert wants King to jot down his life story before he dies. However, the star is murdered at a party, leaving King with no conclusion to his tale. Playing detective like the heroes of his stories, King pieces together the mystery.'] ['As the story begins, we are introduced to the idea that the Wizard  controls all of the fairy tales and maintains the balance of good and evil in Fairy Tale Land. With the help of his assistants the uptight Munk  and the decidedly goofy Mambo , the Wizard is checking to make sure that all the fairy tales under his care are "on track" to have their traditional happy endings. As we meet him however, the Wizard is leaving for Scotland for a long-overdue vacation. He leaves the kingdom in the hands of Munk and Mambo. Ella is a girl who is better known as Cinderella . She lives as a servant to her step family, dreams of the Prince  who will sweep her off her feet. Her best friend at the palace is Rick , the palace dishwasher. Rick takes it upon himself to deliver the invitations to the royal ball to Ella. Ella sees Rick only as a friend, but Rick secretly loves Ella, although he is too cool and proud to admit it. Rick can\'t really understand what Ella likes about the Prince. Rick\'s Three Amigos, the comic chefs in the palace kitchen, believe that Rick has a bad case of "Prince envy". The Prince does everything by the book, and plans to meet his maiden at the ball. However, things don\'t go as planned at the ball. Thanks to the assistants, Ella\'s evil stepmother, Frieda , gains access to the Wizard\'s lair during the Prince\'s ball. She manages to chase off Munk and Mambo and tip the scales of good and evil, causing a series of fairy tales to go wrong and have unhappy endings including Jack getting stepped on by the Giant , Little Red Riding Hood being eaten by the Big Bad Wolf, and Rumpelstiltskin  winning his bet with the miller\'s daughter and takes her baby. She summons an army of Trolls, witches, 3 Big Bad Wolves, the Giant, and Rumpelstilkskin to her castle. Ella finds out and escapes to the woods, where she meets Munk and Mambo. The trio set out to find the prince who has gone looking for his maiden , in hopes that he will defeat Frieda and save the day. Together, they flee to the Seven Dwarfs\' home. Witches and trolls led by The Ice Queen attack them. The dwarfs hold off the trolls, while they flee with the help of Rick who had stolen a flying broom. Frieda decides to go after Ella herself. She succeeds in capturing her and returns to the palace, with Rick, Munk and Mambo in pursuit. Frieda tortures Ella because if the story had run its course she would have married the prince while Frieda would never get anywhere in life. Rick, Munk, and Mambo slip into the castle and attack Frieda. During the fight, Frieda generates a pit in the floor. Mambo knocks her in, but she uses her staff to fly back up again. After a short battle, in which Rick takes a blast meant for Ella and falls into a deep sleep, Frieda creates a portal by accident. Ella knocks Frieda back and punches her into the portal. Rick awakes from the spell and he and Ella kiss, finally admitting their feelings for each other. Ella and her true love Rick decide to choose their destinies in a world of happy endings and get married. Rumpelstiltskin has shown throughout the movie that he has come to care for the baby, and the miller\'s daughter lets him stay in the castle as the baby\'s nanny. The Wizard returns from vacation where he wasn\'t told about what happened while he was away. In the final scene, Frieda is shown trapped in the Arctic surrounded by elephant seals.'] ['{{plot}} Left-wing activist and filmmaker Michael Malone , a parody of Michael Moore, is campaigning to end the celebration of the Fourth of July. Malone holds pronounced anti-American views and truculently argues that America\'s past and present are both offensive, and therefore should not be celebrated. Josh Malone, Michael\'s nephew, is an officer in the United States Navy and is about to deploy to the Persian Gulf. His uncle, however, regards him with disgust. At an awards ceremony hosted by Paris Hilton, Malone receives the Leni Riefenstahl Award for his documentary Die, You American Pigs. On the evening of July 3, Malone is watching a speech from President John F. Kennedy. However, when Malone mistakenly interprets the President\'s words to mean avoiding war at all costs, the disgruntled long-dead President steps out of a television set, corrects Malone, and tells him that he will be visited by three spirits. In keeping with the "Christmas Carol" format, the next morning, Malone is then visited by General George S. Patton , who tries to make him rethink his view of America. Arguing that sometimes war is necessary for the greater cause, Patton shows him an alternate world where slavery still exists because Abraham Lincoln chose not to fight the Civil War. He then shows the filmmaker how British Prime Minister Chamberlain  appeased Adolf Hitler . Malone is even allowed to attempt to communicate with Hitler, but is blatantly ignored by him. In a second scenario, Patton provides a view of a college classroom where, in a musical number, professors sing about how their views on peace and life have not changed since when they were hippies in 1968. The professors promise good grades to students who agree with their views. Patton sums up the situation as \'"indoctrination rather than education.". However, Michael refuses to even reconsider his anti-American views and a despondent Patton apologizes for his failure before the altar of a Manhattan church to his \'father\'. To Malone\'s shock, he learns that the General was addressing not God, but the ghost of George Washington , who reveals that this is the very church where he prayed for his country every day of his presidency. When Michael comments about the large amount of dust there, Washington opens a door and reveals that it comes from the destruction of the World Trade Center in the September 11 attacks in 2001. Shaken but still unmoved, Malone is visited by the angel of death , who takes him to a future Los Angeles which has been taken over by radical Islamists. Later, he is taken to the ruins of his hometown in Michigan, which has been destroyed by a nuclear bomb planted by Al Qaeda. In a makeshift morgue, Malone learns that he will be killed in this attack, leaving nothing behind but his trademark hat and "big ass." Facing his death, Malone pleads for his life with the Angel, promising to change. Later, Malone arrives at an anti-Fourth of July protest rally and publicly renounces his former views. This triggers an outraged mob from which he is rescued, however, by American servicemen. Safe inside a country music concert, he is formally welcomed to "the real America." Malone then finds himself preventing a terrorist bombing there by three Arab men he had inadvertently given green cards to earlier. And, finally, he runs to the docks in time to see his enlisted nephew, Josh, off to the Persian Gulf. He tells Josh how very proud he is of him and promises to look in on his wife and family during his deployment. As the film concludes, Malone is a changed man who loves his country and realizes how precious freedom is, even while sticking to his liberal views. Taking Patton\'s advice to advocate American values in film, the film ends with Malone starting to film a JFK biopic he intends to be "more accurate" than Oliver Stone\'s movie.'] ['Anita "Needy" Lesnicki , once an insecure teenager, is now a violent mental inmate who starts the story as a flashback while in solitary confinement. Needy and popular cheerleader Jennifer Check  have been best friends since childhood, despite having little in common. One night, Jennifer takes Needy to a local dive bar to attend a concert by indie rock band Low Shoulder. A suspicious fire engulfs the bar, killing several, and Jennifer agrees to leave with the band despite Needy\'s attempts to stop her. Later that evening, Jennifer, covered in blood, appears in Needy\'s kitchen and proceeds to eat food from the refrigerator. Unable to digest the matter, she vomits a trail of black, spiny fluid and then leaves in a hurry as Needy calls after her. The next morning at school, Jennifer appears fine and shrugs off Needy\'s concerns. While the small town is devastated by the deaths caused by the fire, Jennifer seduces the school\'s football captain in the woods and then attacks him; his disemboweled corpse is later found. Meanwhile, the members of Low Shoulder gain popularity due to their rumored heroism during the fire and offer to make a charity appearance at the school\'s spring formal. A month later, Jennifer is beginning to look pale, and accepts a date with school goth/emo Colin , whom she brutally kills that night. While Needy and her boyfriend, Chip  have sex, Needy senses something dreadful has happened. She leaves in a panic and almost runs over Jennifer, drenched in blood. She rushes home and finds Jennifer in her bedroom, who then begins to make out with Needy and soon explains what happened after the fire: Low Shoulder took her into the woods and offered her as a virgin sacrifice to Satan in exchange for fame and fortune. However, although the sacrifice and greedy exchange were a success, Jennifer was not a virgin, and when the lead singer Nikolai  murdered her, a demonic spirit took over her body. It is revealed then that Jennifer knew she needed human flesh and blood to survive. In addition to the known murdered townspeople, Jennifer also encountered the exchange student Ahmet after the fire and upon hearing that no one knew he had survived, she took him into the woods and ate him, making him her first victim. The next day at school, as the town is stunned by Colin\'s death, Needy goes to the school library\'s occult section and surmises that Jennifer is a succubus; she is weakest when she is hungry, and must eat flesh in order to sustain her life and appearance. Needy tells Chip about her discoveries and warns him not to attend the dance. He does not believe her and she subsequently breaks up with him in order to protect him. Chip goes to the dance, hoping to meet with Needy, but is instead intercepted by Jennifer, who seduces him and takes him to an abandoned pool house. Needy arrives there and finds Jennifer feeding on Chip. Needy tries to drown Jennifer but Jennifer, hovering in the air, attacks her. She is then stabbed by Chip with a pool skimmer. Jennifer escapes while Needy, heartbroken, watches her boyfriend die. Needy then decides she must kill Jennifer. She goes to Jennifer\'s home and sees Jennifer picking out her next victims in her yearbook. Crashing through the window, Needy fights Jennifer with a box cutter. Culminating with a stab to the heart, Needy finally destroys the demon and kills her. Jennifer\'s mother  comes in and finds Needy with the utility knife on top of her daughter\'s body. Soon after, Needy is brought to an asylum. Since she was bitten by Jennifer, she has obtained some of Jennifer\'s supernatural powers. Set upon revenge for what was done to Jennifer and her, she escapes the mental facility and hitchhikes a ride to the hotel where Low Shoulder are staying; she then brutally murders them all.'] ["The film opens with a passage, which states: This film is based on a recently discovered manuscript by one William Cobbler, which reveals that Henry VIII did in fact have two more wives. Although it was first thought that Cromwell originated the story, it is now known to be definitely all Cobbler's... from beginning to end. Henry VIII  has his wife Anne of Cleves  beheaded and quickly marries Marie of Normandy . This union was organised at the behest of bumbling Cardinal Wolsey  as Marie is cousin of King Francis I of France. Henry's wedding night ardour dies when he finds she reeks of garlic, but she refuses to stop eating it. Marie gets frustrated so soon receives amorous advances from Sir Roger de Lodgerley (Charles Hawtrey who, while still in his camp persona, is playing against [[Typecasting . Henry is keen to be rid of Marie, as he has met the lovely Bettina . Bettina is the daughter of the Earl of Bristol , a punning reference to Bristols. Thomas Cromwell  assists in ousting Marie by organising Lord Hampton of Wick  to kidnap the King in a staged plot. Cromwell and Lord Hampton also secretly plot to bring the king to harm as part of this escapade, but the false kidnapping fails. Henry seizes on Marie's infidelity with de Lodgerley to be free of her; all he needs is a confession from de Lodgerley. He orders Cromwell to extract a confession using any means necessary. This leads to a running joke in the torture chamber as Henry keeps changing his mind about the confession due to political necessities, requiring multiple changes and retractions of the original confession. Wolsey is baffled by all the intrigue, and Cromwell is driven to treason by all of Henry's unreasonable demands."] ['Max Bialystock  is a washed-up, aging Broadway producer who ekes out a living romancing lascivious wealthy elderly women in exchange for money for his next play. Nebbishy accountant Leo Bloom  arrives at Bialystock\'s office to do his books and discovers there is a two thousand dollar overcharge in the accounts of Bialystock\'s last play, because he raised more money than he needed. Bialystock persuades Bloom to hide the relatively minor fraud; and, while shuffling numbers, Bloom has a revelation—that a producer could make a lot more money with a flop than a hit—a scheme which Bialystock immediately puts into action. They will over-sell shares again, but on a much larger scale and produce a play that will close on opening night. No one audits the books of a play presumed to have lost money, thus avoiding a pay-out and leaving the duo free to flee to Rio de Janeiro with the profits. Leo is afraid such a criminal venture will fail and they will go to prison; but Max eventually convinces him that his drab existence is no better than prison. After reading many bad plays, the partners find the obvious choice for their scheme: Springtime for Hitler: A Gay Romp with Adolf and Eva at Berchtesgaden. It is "a love letter to Hitler" written in total sincerity by deranged ex-Nazi Franz Liebkind , whose name is German for "Frank Lovechild". They persuade him to sign over the stage rights, telling him they want to show the world "the true Hitler, the Hitler with a song in his heart." To guarantee that the show is a flop, they hire Roger De Bris , a director whose plays "close on the first day of rehearsal". The part of Hitler goes to a charismatic but only semi-coherent, flower power hippie named Lorenzo St. DuBois, aka L.S.D. , who can barely remember his own name and had mistakenly wandered into their theater during the casting call. After Bialystock sells 25,000 percent of the play to his regular investors , they are sure they are on their way to Rio. The result of all of this is a cheerfully upbeat and utterly tasteless musical play purporting to be about the happy home life of a brutal dictator. It opens with a lavish production of the title song, "Springtime For Hitler", which celebrates Nazi Germany crushing Europe . Unfortunately for Bialystock and Bloom, their attempt backfires as, after initial dumbfounded disbelief, the audience finds L.S.D.\'s beatnik-like portrayal  to be hilarious and misinterpret the production as a satire. Springtime For Hitler is declared a smash-hit, which means, of course, the investors will be expecting a larger financial return than can be paid out. As the stunned partners turn on each other, they are confronted by a gun-wielding Franz Liebkind, who is enraged by L.S.D.\'s portrayal of Hitler. He says they have broken the "Siegfried Oath", which they took in a deleted earlier scene. In desperation, the three band together and blow up the theater to end the production. They are injured, arrested, and tried. In spite of Leo\'s impassioned statement praising Max, the jury finds them "incredibly guilty" and they go to prison. They have apparently not learned their lesson, though, as the film ends with them rehearsing a new Franz Liebkind musical starring their fellow inmates, called "Prisoners of Love". Leo Bloom continues to oversell shares of the play to the other prisoners and even to the warden, while Max, during rehearsal, dances to the song with the prisoners singing it. The song is performed while the credits are shown.'] ['The plot revolves around a fictitious Onion television news anchorman, Norm Archer , who is forced to face the inevitability of a corporate takeover by the Onions perennial fictitious multinational, Global Tetrahedron. Onion news is described as "fair and balanced" in the context of the film. The plot serves as a springboard for various comedy sketches featuring The Onions satirical humor. Vignettes include parodies of music videos reminiscent of Britney Spears\' work, and Steven Seagal appearing as a parody of the type of action hero he normally portrays. The film is interrupted  by film reviewers and commentators weighing in on the progress of the film, with one commentator preparing to stage an immediate walkout of all African American audience members unless a positive portrayal of an African American is inserted into the film.'] ['In the town of Kickapoo, Missouri, a young Jack Black  is punished by his strictly religious father  for playing rock music. While shut in his room, JB asks for guidance from his poster of Ronnie James Dio, who springs to life and tells him to go to Hollywood on a quest to form the world\'s most awesome rock band. After years of traveling to every other city named Hollywood in the United States, a fullgrown Jables meets acoustic guitarist Kyle Gass  who is performing on the street in L.A., and begins to look up to him because of his skills and attitude. While KG at first spurns JB, tossing his pick at him, he later pretends to save JB from a Clockwork Orange-esque gang that beat him up that night and takes him back to his apartment, where he pretends to be famous with a self-named band "The Kyle Gass Project." Kage exploits Jables by making him cleaning the apartment and buy KG marijuana with the promise of an audition for the fictitious Kyle Gass Project. JB eventually learns that KG is actually unemployed, bald, and living off rent checks from his mother . However, the two become equal when Kage reveals he used the last of his rent money to buy JB a brand-new guitar embossed with his initials. Vowing to help his new friend, JB and KG create their own band: Tenacious D, named for birthmarks found on their buttocks . Soon JB and KG learn the deepest secret of rock: all the rock legends used the same guitar pick. While at a guitar shop, they learn from the manager  that it is called "The Pick of Destiny" and was created by a dark wizard who had once summoned Satan from the depths of Hell to battle him. A blacksmith heard the commotion and knocked out one of the demon\'s teeth. The wizard took advantage of Satan\'s "incompleteness" and banished him back to his fiery realm. As a gift to the blacksmith for saving his life, the wizard formed a guitar pick from a piece of Satan\'s tooth, so that the blacksmith could win the affection of the woman he loved. The pick gives its holder "supranatural" abilities with stringed instruments . Infatuated by the prospect of becoming the next great rock star, JB immediately sets Tenacious D on a quest to steal the Pick of Destiny from a rock history museum. Along the way, the band briefly splits up when, invited by some co-eds to perform at a party, KG decides that sex comes first in "sex, drugs and rock \'n\' roll", while JB wants to stick to the mission at hand. The duo is reunited after KG\'s solo performance at the party results in failure and JB has a mushroom-induced hallucinogen experience in which he encounters Sasquatch and cavorts with him through the forest  e.g. going for a dip in the strawberry river: going down the rapids of a river. The two manage to steal the Pick of Destiny due to the incompetent security guards at the rock museum. Armed with this \'supranatural\' pick, they plan to use the winnings from a local bar\'s talent contest to pay their rent, but before they can go on stage, greed overcomes them, and they fight over the pick, accidentally snapping it in half. After a pep-talk from the open mic night host, they decide they are good enough to go onto the contest without the pick, not knowing that the host is actually Satan in human form, who repairs and reattaches his missing tooth. Coming back outside , they are confronted by Satan , who is now "complete". To save their lives, Tenacious D challenges Satan to a "rock-off", which he is forced to accept according to the "Demon Code", terms being that he returns to Hell and pays their rent if Tenacious D wins and takes KG as his sex slave if they lose. While JB and KG perform admirably, ultimately they lose and Satan attempts to shoot KG with a bolt of lightning. JB jumps in the way, and the bolt bounces off of the mother of pearl inlays in his guitar, blowing off a piece of Satan\'s horn. JB is able to exploit Satan\'s "incompleteness" in order to banish him back to Hell, with the devil screaming his vow of vengeance on Tenacious D. Though the two forgot how to play what may be "The Greatest Song in the World", the two turn Satan\'s horn into the "Bong of Destiny". From there they smoke it, whilst Jack begins to sing the film\'s title song as the closing credits roll. In a post-credits scene, Tenacious D attempts to write yet another masterpiece, but they only manage to record KG\'s flatulence.'] ["A timid insurance salesman Albert L. Tuttle  visits eccentric millionaire Cyrus J. Rutherford, intent on selling him a $200,000 insurance deal. Instead he finds that Rutherford has recently died and his mansion is now full of relatives who are, according to the will, all bound to remain in the mansion until a glass-domed vault is constructed on the roof, to house the deceased millionaire who was an ardent follower of the stars. Tuttle is mistaken for a private detective sent to guard the body, and once the confusion is cleared up and the real detective fails to show, he is convinced by Rutherford's niece Carol Dunlap  to remain and ensure that the body is not stolen. If the body should be buried any place other than the vault, the will states that recipients who would receive the largest bequest will receive the smallest, and vice versa. One of the recipients plans to reverse the will in their favor, hide the body and kill anyone who gets in their way. Unfortunately for mild-mannered Tuttle, he is directly in the way of the killer, and the rest of the conniving family."] ['{{Plot|dateSub-plotsLove TriangleRobert and LucilleThe Big OneSexcapadesDrug RunningThe ShowThe Elephant and the ChickenThe Climax While the live show is proceeding elsewhere, Heidi attempts suicide by hanging, but her weight breaks the chandelier from the ceiling and she falls through the floor. She makes her way to Bletch\'s machine gun and tries to kill herself, but at the last moment, Samantha shows up and taunts her. Heidi responds by killing Samantha. Meanwhile Wynyard, in a drugged stupor, tries to kill Robert before accidentally killing himself. Sebastian does his "Sodomy" number, while Heidi rampages over the entire set on a killing spree. She finally finds Bletch and pumps many rounds into him as well. Bletch lies to Heidi about loving her and orders Trevor to kill her. However, Robert swings in just in the nick of time to kick Trevor, saving Heidi. Heidi then literally blows Bletch\'s brain out. Realizing that she killed her love, she gives up her gun and sadly sings "Garden of Love", leading into the epilogue and the credits.'] ['After winning a lifetime achievement award, esteemed screenwriter Steven Phillips  has a rude awakening. Steven believes the award has no real meaning, but it does—it means his career is over. His studio has reneged on his contract and told him he\'s gone cold, saying he\'s "lost his edge." A junior exec  tells Steven his new script is dull and to be off the lot by 5 p.m. Taken by surprise, the Oscar-nominated writer is desperate to revive his career. He seeks the advice of a very successful screenwriter buddy, Jack , who arranges an introduction to Sarah , a modern day muse who can inspire anyone. Sarah, however, has conditions and unnecessarily lavish needs, such as expensive hotel rooms and gifts from Tiffany & Co. Steven is forced to make good on those conditions, much to the chagrin of his wife Laura . Steven isn\'t sure if the muse could be the real thing or just somebody sucking him dry of his money and patience. She takes him to Long Beach, where they encounter writer-director Rob Reiner, someone Sarah clearly knows. Steven gets an idea for a movie set in an aquarium. As Sarah\'s demands increase, Steven\'s apprehensive wife begins to be won over. Through the muse\'s encouragement Laura decides to pursue her dream of baking and selling cookies, to much fanfare and success. To save money, Sarah is invited by the Phillipses to move into their house. Steven, however, is frustrated because Sarah spends more time helping others—notably Hollywood writers and directors like James Cameron and Martin Scorsese, who come to Steven\'s house to see her. Steven even surrenders his own bedroom to Sarah and sleeps in the guest house. When he pleads for a way to end his aquarium screenplay, Sarah does point Steven in the right direction and inspires him with a great idea. Steven\'s agent Hal is thrilled and urges him to finish the script as quickly as possible. The following morning, though, two visitors come to Steven\'s home, revealing that they are doctors from a mental clinic. They tell Steven that Sarah is an escaped psychiatric patient from their asylum who has multiple personality disorder. They find the whole "muse" idea hilarious. When they try to find Sarah to take her back, they discover that she has escaped. The junior exec, Josh, loves Steven\'s script, but he breaks the news that the idea is already in production at another studio—by Rob Reiner. A broken-hearted Steven goes to work in his wife\'s new cookie business. Things turn around when the agent calls to inform Steven that the Reiner project fell through and the studio wants to purchase his version, contingent upon a few changes being made. An excited Steven goes to the studio, where a secretary reveals that a new boss, Christine, is now in charge. Christine is revealed to be Sarah. She takes Steven\'s arm and insists that they discuss the changes over a nice, expensive lunch, which she expects him to pay for.'] ["Catherine Ballou , an aspiring schoolteacher, is traveling by train to Wolf City, Wyoming, to visit her rancher father, Frankie Ballou . En route she unwittingly helps accused cattle rustler Clay Boone  elude his captor, the sheriff , when Boone's Uncle Jed , a drunkard disguised as a preacher, distracts the lawman. She reaches the ranch to find that the Wolf City Development Corporation is trying to take the ranch away from her father, whose only defender is an educated Indian, Jackson Two-Bears . Clay and Jed appear and reluctantly offer to help Catherine. She also hires legendary gunfighter Kid Shelleen  to come and help protect her father from fast-drawing Tim Strawn , alias Silvernose, the hired killer who is threatening Frankie. Shelleen arrives, a drunken stumblebum who is literally unable to hit the broad side of a barn when he shoots and whose pants fall down when he draws his gun. Strawn kills Frankie, and when the townspeople refuse to bring him to justice, Catherine becomes a revenge-seeking outlaw known as Cat Ballou. She and her four gang members rob a train carrying the Wolf City payroll, and Shelleen, inspired by his love for Cat , shapes up and kills Strawn. Later he casually reveals that Strawn was his brother. Cat poses as a lady of loose morals and confronts town boss Sir Harry Percival ([[Reginald Denny , owner of the Wolf City Development Corporation. A struggle ensues, Sir Harry is killed, and Cat is sentenced to be hanged on the gallows. Just after the noose is placed around her neck, Uncle Jed  cuts the rope as she falls through the trapdoor. Her gang then spirits her away in a daring rescue."] ['In a future dystopia, Aram Fingal  is a lowly programmer working for Novicorp. Arts are prohibited and he is caught watching the classic film Casablanca  on his workstation. To rehabilitate him, the company transfers his mind  into a wild baboon . For a few minutes, Julia narrates over footage of wild animals . Eventually, Fingal begins to enjoy his baboon existence until he finds his peaceful perch in a tree threatened by an elephant shaking it for fruit. He then activates an escape clause that is supposed to return his mind to his original body. Unknown to Fingal, however, his body has been accidentally tagged for transfer to separate wing for a sex change, and with the computer unable to return him to his body, Fingal’s mind must be kept active by storing it in Novicorp’s central computer — the HX368, which controls everything from finances to the weather — until his body is located. His mind can only be maintained in such a way for a limited time before it is destroyed, forming one of the central plot points of the film. Fingal\'s disappearance is reported to a rival corporation. The news is broadcast worldwide, causing Novicorp\'s share price to crash. Majority shareholders force Novicorp\'s Chairman  to divert resources to keep Fingal alive and find his body. Apollonia , a computer controller, is assigned to locate Fingal and keep him from hacking into Novicorp’s mainframe. With Apollonia’s help, Fingal creates a virtual world where he encounters characters from Casablanca, including a version of Humphrey Bogart’s character, Rick . Over time he grows bored  and plots to bring down Novicorp’s finances without being removed and, thus, killed. Apollonia tries to keep Fingal out of trouble, placing her in opposition with Novicorp’s leaders, especially when she finds herself falling in love with Fingal and develops a conflict of interest. With Apollonia’s considerable help, Fingal eventually “interfaces” with the mainframe and defeats his antagonists. He also returns to his body, which has been discovered before undergoing the aforementioned sex change operation. Finally corporeal and reunited with his accomplice, Fingal and Apollonia experience a traditional happy ending, with Fingal having taken complete control of the HX368. After ordering bonuses and stocks for every employee, committing Novicorp\'s Chairman to a month of "compulsory rehab" via doppeling and changing both his and Apollonia\'s identity to Rick and Ilsa , the characters from Casablanca, Fingal, who by now has absolute and total access to and control of the system, vows to fight against the dystopian government. The film ends with the new couple walking out the door and, now free from Novicorp\'s oppression, talk about opening a club on the other side of town: Rick\'s Place.'] ["Detective Hamilton Hornee and his team organize an expedition into mysterious Africa to search for Algona, heiress to her father's fortune. Algona happens to have become a magnificent blonde elephant-riding, goddess worshiped by the frightened tribe of the Meshpokas."] ['Spy extraordinaire Derek Flint , ex-agent of Z.O.W.I.E. , is brought out of retirement to deal with the threat of Galaxy, a world-wide organization led by a trio of mad scientists: Doctor Krupov ([[Rhys Williams , Doctor Wu , and Doctor Schneider . Impatient that the world\'s governments will never improve, the scientists demand that all nations capitulate to Galaxy. To enforce their demands, they initiate earthquakes, volcanoes, storms and other natural disasters with their climate-control apparatus. Flint decides to take them on after a preemptive assassination attempt by Galaxy\'s section head Gila , who replaces a restaurant\'s harpist while Flint is dining with his four live-in "playmates": Leslie , Anna , Gina , and Sakito . Gila uses a harp string as a bow to fire a poisoned dart, which misses Flint, but hits his former boss Cramden . Flint sucks the poison out of the wound, saving Cramden\'s life. A chemical trace on the dart directs Flint to Marseilles for bouillabaisse. In one of Marseilles\' lowest clubs he stages a brawl to gain some useful information from "famous" Agent 0008 , who is investigating the narcotics trade keeping Galaxy in business. Galaxy agent Hans Gruber  is in the club enjoying his favorite soup while waiting to rendezvous with Gila. Gila sends Gruber to ambush Flint in the lavatory. Flint ends up killing Gruber in a toilet stall, while Gila escapes, leaving behind a cold cream jar she has booby-trapped with explosives. Flint detects the trap and chases the bystanders from the club before detonating the bomb. The remains of the jar lead Flint to Rome. After investigating several cosmetic companies, Flint arrives at Exotica, where he actually meets Gila for the first time. Gila lets him come to her apartment for an exchange of information. Following their encounter, he steals the keys to Exotica and breaks into the company\'s safe, learning of Galaxy\'s location before being trapped inside by Gila\'s assistant, Malcolm Rodney . Malcom and Gila assume that Flint will soon run out of air in the safe as they transport it to a waiting submarine. During the journey, Flint learns that his playmates have been kidnapped and taken to Galaxy\'s island headquarters. He then uses his power of self-induced suspended animation to fool his captors into thinking they have successfully killed him. Gila and Rodney take an evidence photograph of the "body", which they send to Cramden, then carry Flint back to headquarters on the submarine. Flint revives and sneaks into the Galaxy complex, but his infiltration is thwarted and he is taken before Galaxy\'s trio of leaders. Offered a chance to join their new order, he refuses, and is sentenced to death by disintegration. Gila\'s failure to eliminate Flint results in her being stripped of her leadership role and reassigned to become a Pleasure Unit - a fate which has already befallen Flint\'s playmates. She thus changes sides, slipping Flint his gadget-filled cigarette lighter before she is hauled away. With the help of the lighter, Flint again escapes, rescues his playmates and Gila, and departs the island as it disintegrates. He and the women are picked up by a waiting American warship, watching as a volcano erupts on the island.'] ['In Hollywood in the late 1920s during the waning days of the industry\'s transition to sound film, producer and studio head Alfie Alperin wants to produce a great Western movie about Wyatt Earp. Tom Mix is cast as the great United States Marshal and the real Earp is on set as a technical adviser. But before Earp and Mix can start their movie adventure, they are caught in a real case of murder, prostitution, and corruption. Together they try to straighten out the problems of the missing son of Earp\'s former girlfriend, Christina. But now she is the wife of studio boss Alfie Alperin and he isn\'t amused by Earp\'s investigations. The fact that the young man\'s older sister is dating a notorious mobster and that all three were at the scene of a murder. Soon Earp unveils the true sadistic character of Alfie Alperin and after the death of Christina matters become personal. And the two of them get to fight a real gunfight at a real isolated ranch, with Mix telling Earp "I wish there was a camera here" before drawing a real gun...'] ['Stylistically the movie is a parody of rock documentaries, purportedly filmed and directed by the fictional Marty DiBergi . The faux documentary covers a 1982 United States concert tour for the fictional British rock group "Spinal Tap" to promote their new album Smell the Glove, but interspersed with one-on-one interviews with the members of the group and footage of the group from previous times of their career.  The band was started by childhood friends David St. Hubbins  and Nigel Tufnel  during the 1960s. Originally named "The Originals", then "The New Originals" to distinguish themselves from an existing group of the same nameThere is an unrelated real group The Originals, a Motown group active in the late 1960s to the present day., they settled on the name "The Thamesmen", finding success with their skiffle/Rhythm and blues single "Gimme Some Money". They changed their name again to "Spinal Tap" and enjoyed limited success with the flower power anthem "Listen to the Flower People". Ultimately, the band became successful with heavy metal style and produced several albums. The group was joined eventually by bassist Derek Smalls , keyboardist Viv Savage , and a series of drummers, each of whom mysteriously dies under odd circumstances, including spontaneous human combustion, a "bizarre gardening accident" and, in at least one case, choking to death on the vomit of person unknown. DiBergi\'s interviews with St. Hubbins and Tufnel reveal that they are competent composers and musicians, but are dimwitted and immature. Tufnel, in showing his guitar collection to DiBergi, reveals an amplifier that has volume knobs that go to eleven; when DiBergi asks, "Why don\'t you just make ten louder and make ten be the top number and make that a little louder?" Tufnel can only reply, "These go to eleven." Tufnel later plays a somber quasi-classical music composition on piano for DiBergi, claiming it to be a "Mach piece" , before revealing the composition to be entitled "Lick My Love Pump". As the tour starts, concert appearances are repeatedly canceled due to low ticket sales. Tensions continue to increase when several major retailers refuse to sell Smell the Glove because of its sexist cover art and there is growing resentment shown towards the group\'s manager Ian Faith . Tufnel becomes even more perturbed when St. Hubbins\' girlfriend Jeanine  — a manipulative yoga and astrology devotee — joins the group on tour, begins to participate with band meetings, and attempts to influence their costumes and stage presentation. The band\'s distributor, Polymer Records, opts to release Smell the Glove with an entirely black cover without consulting the band. The album fails to draw crowds to autograph sessions with the band.  To revive interest, Tufnel suggests staging a performance of "Stonehenge," an epic song that is to be accompanied in concert by a lavish stage show, and asks Ian to order a giant Stonehenge megalith for the show. However, Tufnel, rushing a sketch on a napkin, mislabels its dimensions, using a double prime symbol instead of single prime. The resulting prop, seen for the first time by the group during a show, is only 18&nbsp;inches high , making the group a laughing stock on stage. The group accuses Faith of mismanagement, and when St. Hubbins suggests Jeanine should co-manage the group, Faith quits in disgust. The tour continues, rescheduled into smaller and smaller venues. Tufnel becomes marginalized by Jeanine and St. Hubbins. At their next gig  Tufnel is upset by an equipment malfunction and leaves the group in the middle of a show. In their next gig, in an amphitheater at an amusement park , David tells the sparse crowd that they\'re witnessing a new birth, having renamed the band \'Spinal Tap Mark 2\' as he and the remaining members are forced to perform a fusion-esque, experimental song entitled, \'Jazz Odyssey\' due to the lack of Tufnel\'s presence and material. At the last show of the tour, as the group considers venturing into a musical theatre production on the theme of Jack the Ripper entitled \'Saucy Jack\', Tufnel reappears and informs them that he is "a messenger" from Ian Faith and Sex Farm is wildly popular in Japan, in fact it`s at number 5 in the charts there. He then tells David that Faith would like to arrange a new tour in that country. David is initially cool to the idea, but later, when on stage, David beckons Nigel on to join them and he grabs his guitar and plays with them onstage. David he gets caught up in the moment of the tour\'s final performance and not only allows Nigel to return, but rehires Faith back as manager as well. Despite losing their drummer Mick Shrimpton  as he inexplicably explodes onstage, the film ends with Spinal Tap playing a series of sold-out arena shows for enthusiastic fans on their Japanese tour.'] ['A veteran U.S. Senate Democrat, Bulworth is losing his bid for re-election to a fiery young opponent. Bulworth\'s leftist views, formed in the 1960s and 1970s, have lost favor with voters, so he has conceded to moderate politics and to accepting donations from special interests. In addition, though he and his wife have been having affairs openly for years, they must still present a happy facade in the interest of maintaining a good public image. Tired of politics and his life in general and planning to commit suicide, Bulworth negotiates a $10 million life insurance policy with his daughter as its beneficiary in exchange for a favorable vote for the insurance industry. Knowing that a suicide will negate his daughter\'s inheritance, he contracts to have himself assassinated within two days\' time. Turning up in California for his campaign extremely drunk, Bulworth begins speaking his mind freely at public events and in the presence of the C-SPAN film crew following his campaign. After ending up in a night club and smoking marijuana, he even starts rapping in public. His frank, potentially offensive remarks make him an instant media darling and re-energize his campaign. Becoming romantically involved with young campaigner Nina , Bulworth hides out in her family\'s home. He is pursued by the paparazzi, his insurance company, his campaign managers, Nina\'s protective drug-dealing brother, and an increasingly adoring public, all before his impending assassination. Nina reveals she is the assassin he indirectly hired and will now not carry out the job. Bulworth happily accepts a new campaign for the presidency right before he is shot in front of a crowd of reporters and supporters by an insurance representative fearful of Bulworth\'s push for single-payer health care. At the end of the picture he lies gravely wounded in a hospital, and it is left unsaid and unclear if he lives, or dies from his wounds. The picture ends with poet Amiri Baraka playing a street poet and proclaiming in front of the hospital, "You got to be a spirit. You can\'t be no ghost."'] ['Lallo Di San Marciano moves from Naples to Milan after the death of his father Bebe. Because the father did not own anything, except a series of elegant dresses, Lallo is welcomed home of his uncle Carlo. Lallo begins attending the wealthy friends of his aunt, with whom starts a series of sexual relations in order to be maintained.{{cite book}}'] ['While in her house alone dimwitted teenager Screw  is attacked by "The Killer". While being chased, Screw accidentally runs into a bug zapper and her face gets electrocuted. The killer, feeling disappointed that he wasn\'t the cause of her death, lights up a cigarette, leading to the melting of his Jason Voorhees mask into a Scream mask. The next day, new kid Dawson Deery  signs up at Bulimia Fall High School, meeting up with a new group of friends including Boner , Slab , Barbara  and Martina , to whom Dawson takes a liking, though he is not sure if she is a lesbian. While the group discusses the death of Screw, they remain certain they are safe in school, not noticing the chaos that surrounds them, including a nuclear bomb being built and the killer attempting to murder a student. The group encounters "EmpTV" reporter Hagitha  who accuses Dawson as the killer, having already written a best-selling pop-up book about the murders. They then meet Barbara\'s brother, town sheriff Doughy ([[Tom Arnold  who is working to find the killer; however, he believes Screw\'s death was a harmless prank. As the group talks, they do not notice Hagitha\'s cameraman being murdered. As the day progresses, more and more students are murdered. While in class, each of the group receives a letter from the killer, revealing he knows a secret about them. Each of the group recalls a time when they were drunk-driving and hit a deer, before dumping it in the sea. This event leads each to keep their own secrets; Martina not giving her grandmother laxatives, Boner accidentally causing his brother to be killed in prison, Slab smoking his uncle\'s ashes, and Barbara having sex with multiple guys, resulting in many STDs. Meanwhile, Hagitha and Doughy continuously flirt with each other. As the group meets up, Dawson gets a letter too, as he was in fact run over by the others while dressed up in a deer costume. The group decides they should spend the night in a secluded house, so they each arrange to go to Slab\'s after school. As the day progresses, each of the group members are attacked but manage to escape. The killer confronts Principal Interest , but he electrocutes himself in a bathtub. At night, everyone goes to Slab\'s party. Boner takes an unconscious girl up to a bedroom so he can lose his virginity. The killer attacks him, but Boner suffers a heart attack before the killer can murder him. Martina goes over the rules of a parody movie, before Barbara is chased outside by the killer. However she suffers an allergic reaction to bee stings before the killer can murder her. As the rest of the party people leave, Martina makes a move on Dawson, before they find Slab has abused steroids, causing him to explode. Martina and Dawson then are chased by the killer, as Hagitha and Doughy play strip poker nearby instead of investigating the murders. Martina and Dawson defeat the killer as Hagitha and Doughy arrive. The killer is revealed as Hardy, Doughy\'s "evil twin cousin", whom Doughy is going to let get away with the murders, but Hagitha accidentally shoots Hardy before leaving Doughy for a pizza boy. Martina, Dawson and Doughy leave the house, where they find Boner is still alive and finally loses his virginity to a nurse. As Martina and Dawson leave, they get a call from a new killer.'] ["A twisted mid-'90s comedy disguised as a 1970s drive-in film, Kill the Moonlight is the story of Chance, a fish hatchery worker, toxic waste cleaner and aspiring race car driver, whose goal in life is to fix up his Camaro and follow his dreams of championship glory. Director Steven Hanft captures the West Coast slacker vibe with laconic pacing, bizarre humor and a stock-car-racing hero."] ['LAPD Sgt. Joe Friday\'s nephew and namesake , whose anachronistic views reflect those of his late uncle, is involuntarily assigned a smart-alecky, streetwise new partner, Pep Streebek . Their contrasting styles clash at first, Friday disapproving of his young partner\'s attitude, hair, and wardrobe, but they gradually bond over their first case as a team, an investigation of a series of bizarre thefts involving items as disparate as a tanker full of chemicals, police, fire and paramedic vehicles, a wedding dress, a lion\'s mane, and the entire monthly print run of the pornographic magazine "Bait". They follow the trail to an Orange County-based cult calling itself P.A.G.A.N. . Friday and Streebek focus on one of the cult\'s henchmen, a brutish limousine driver named Emil Muzz . An informer tells them that a local milk factory is being used by the P.A.G.A.N.s to mass-produce a toxic gas made from the chemicals they stole. Friday and Streebek commandeer a police tank and use it for a raid on the factory, which turns out to be producing only milk - the real gas factory being next door. Friday and Streebek disguise themselves and sneak into a secret P.A.G.A.N. ceremony where they witness the masked leader attempting to sacrifice a virgin, Miss Connie Swail . Friday and Streebek disrupt the ceremony and save Swail. In the process, Swail and Friday discover a mutual attraction and he invites her to join him at a birthday dinner for his maternal grandmother, Mrs. Mundy. To Friday\'s chagrin, Streebek crashes the dinner party. At the restaurant, Connie identifies a fellow patron, the televangelist Jonathan Whirley , as the P.A.G.A.N. leader. Whirley is a highly respected community leader, who is dining with Capt. Bill Gannon , Friday and Streebek\'s boss, and Police Commissioner Kirkpatrick . Despite Streebek\'s warnings, Friday tries to arrest Whirley, leading Kirkpatrick to suspend Friday and order Gannon to take Streebek off the case. Connie is kidnapped by Whirley and taken to the estate of pornography magnate Jerry Caesar , whose mansion has become the cult\'s de facto headquarters. Gannon reinstates Friday, who leads a SWAT team on a raid on Caesar\'s mansion. During the ensuing shootout between the P.A.G.A.N.s and the police, Whirley takes Connie to the airport, where he escapes in his private Learjet. His getaway ends when Friday pursues him in a police jet, forcing him to return to Los Angeles and land. An epilogue reveals that Friday is still working with Streebek and dating Connie.'] ["After leaving the army and returning to university, newly-graduated upper class Stanley Windrush  is looking for a job but fails miserably at interviews for various entry-level management positions. Stanley's uncle, Bertram Tracepurcel  and his old army comrade, Sidney DeVere Cox , persuade him to take an unskilled blue-collar job at Uncle Bertram's missile factory, despite Aunt Dolly's  misgivings. At first suspicious of the overeager newcomer, Communist shop steward Fred Kite  takes Stanley under his wing and even offers to take him in as a lodger. When Kite's curvaceous daughter Cynthia  drops by, Stanley readily accepts. Meanwhile, personnel manager Major Hitchcock  is assigned a time and motion study expert, Waters , to measure how efficient the employees are. The workers refuse to cooperate but Waters tricks Windrush into showing him how much more quickly he can do his job, than other more experienced employees. When Kite is informed of the results, he calls a strike to protect the rates his union workers are being paid. This is what Cox and Tracepurcel want; Cox owns a company that can take over a large new contract with a Middle Eastern country at an inflated cost. He, Tracepurcel and Mr. Mohammed , the country's representative, would each pocket a third of the £100,000 difference. Things don't quite work out for either side. Cox arrives at his factory to find that his workers are walking out in sympathy for Kite and his strikers. The press reports that Kite is punishing Windrush for working hard. When Windrush decides to cross the picket line and go back to work , Kite asks him to leave his house. This provokes the adoring Cynthia and her mother  to go on strike. More strikes spring up, bringing the country to a standstill. Faced with these new developments, Tracepurcel has no choice but to send Hitchcock to negotiate with Kite. They reach an agreement but Windrush has made both sides look bad and has to go. Cox tries to bribe him with a bagful of money to resign quietly but Windrush turns him down. On a televised discussion programme moderated by Malcolm Muggeridge , Windrush reveals to the nation the underhanded motivations of all concerned. When he throws Cox's bribe money into the air, the studio audience riots. In the end, Windrush is convicted of causing a disturbance and everyone else is exonerated. He is last seen with his father  relaxing at a nudist colony, only to have to flee from the female residents' attentions."] ['Bob Roberts takes place in Pennsylvania. It depicts a fictitious senatorial race between conservative Republican folk singer, Bob Roberts  and the incumbent Democrat, Brickley Paiste . The film is shot through the perspective of Terry Manchester ([[Brian Murray , a British documentary filmmaker who is following the Roberts campaign. Through his lens we see Roberts travel across the state, performing songs about drug users, lazy people and the triumph of traditional family values over the rebelliousness of the 1960s. As the campaign continues, Paiste remains in the lead until a scandal arises involving him and a young woman who was seen emerging from a car with him. Paiste claims that she was a friend of his granddaughter who he was driving home, but he cannot shake the accusations. Throughout the campaign, reporter Bugs Raplin  attempts to use the documentary being made about Roberts as a way to expose him to the public as a fraud. Raplin believes that Roberts\' anti-drug charity, Broken Dove, is connected to an old Central Intelligence Agency drug trafficking scheme. As the election approaches, Roberts is asked to appear on a network\'s sketch comedy show. When Roberts announces that he will not be playing the song he had originally proposed, a dispute breaks out between the cast and producers of the show. This new song turns out to be nothing more than a thinly-veiled campaign endorsement, and an angry staff member of the network pulls the plug mid-performance. As Roberts is leaving the studio, he is shot by a would-be assassin. Raplin, who has been causing problems for the campaign, is initially linked to the shooting, but he is later cleared when it is found that due to constrictive palsy in his right hand he physically could not have fired the gun. Following the incident, Raplin contends that Roberts was never actually shot and that the gun was fired into the ground. The campaign is boosted by public support following the assassination attempt, and Roberts wins the election with 52 percent of the vote. Although Roberts claims that his wounds have left him paralysed from the waist down, he is seen tapping his feet at a celebration party. While Terry Manchester is interviewing Roberts\' supporters outside the new Senator\'s hotel, a boy runs up shouting, "He\'s dead, he\'s dead, they got him!" When Manchester asks him what he\'s talking about, the boy shouts, "Bugs Raplin! He\'s dead! They got him!" A joyful celebration breaks out among Roberts\' supporters, the shot changes to an image of his hotel room, and an upright walking shadow suggesting Roberts\' profile passes the window before the lights go out. The film ends with a radio news report about Raplin\'s death at the hands of a right-wing fanatic and a shot of Manchester standing in the Jefferson Memorial, looking at the words, "I have sworn upon the altar of God eternal hostility against every form of tyranny over the mind of man," inscribed there.'] ['The film begins with an introduction to the documentary from the boys. Nat and Alex Wolff, aged nine and six respectively, are members of the fictional band The Silver Boulders which also consists of Thomas, David, Josh, and their manager Cooper. The band found success after music executive ([[John B. Williams  signed them to his label, Who\'s the Man Records. The band performs their new song, "Motormouth" at a concert in the Hammerstein Ballroom. After the show, the band members describe how their group started and a clip from their music video "Crazy Car" is shown. The bandmates get along well until Thomas composes the song "Boys Rule, Girls Drool", which Nat dislikes. Nat writes a song called "Rosalina" that is about Josh\'s elder half-sister. Thomas and Josh ridicule Nat about the song because it shows his feelings for her. Moreover, Josh composes another song that Nat also dislikes, titled "I\'m the God of Rock and Roll", set to the tune of "Twinkle, Twinkle, Little Star". The band has a food fight in a restaurant, prompting Thomas, David, and Josh to leave and form a new group, The Gold Boulders, managed by the scornful Mort Needleman . After watching media reports of the band\'s split on television, Nat and Alex go into a state of depression. Alex begins to binge on lemon-lime soda and falls asleep, while he lay curled in the midst of aluminum cans. Nat simultaneously writes a song by the piano titled "If There Was a Place to Hide" as the band\'s fans gather outside his apartment, pleading for them to reunite. Despite the absence of the formers, Alex persuades a reluctant Nat to revive the band, and subsequently they change the band\'s title to its original, The Naked Brothers Band. Through a line-up of auditions, Nat, Alex, and Cooper select Rosalina as their cellist and Cole Hawkins — a member of the original Naked Brothers Band — as the guitarist. The newly established band embark on a tour to Chicago, though Nat discovers that The Gold Boulders is their opening act. The Gold Boulders start the show with "Boys Rule, Girls Drool" and are immediately booed off the stage. After their performance, The Naked Brothers Band perform "Hardcore Wrestlers " and "Rosalina", which are greeted with a loud applause from the audience. After the concert, Nat hosts a party for the band in his apartment. In the midst of the party, David, Thomas, and Josh arrive at his front door, asking to join the reconstructed band. Forgivingly, a surprised Nat welcomes them to join the celebration. The film concludes with the outfit performing "Crazy Car" on the roof of the Wolffs\' apartment while fireworks detonate in the background.'] ['Billy, a shy young man looking for a date, meets the beautiful Jenny Smith at a nightclub. They enter a relationship where Billy is bashful to tell Jenny that he loves her due to fear of being "trapped", and both paramours are given advice from their respective friends. The couple engage in sexual encounters while using barrier devices, and during these encounters, Billy is unable to reveal Jenny his affection. Then, one year after their first meeting, Billy and Jenny decide to take a vacation, and  sleep together without condoms or diaphragms. Soon after, Jenny discovers that she is pregnant, and argues with Billy who accuses her of trapping him into marriage while the couple then take bad consultations from their coworkers. Eventually, Jenny decides to go to a clinic to abort her unwanted child. Billy comes to his senses and stops her from doing so, resulting in the two confessing their love for one another. The film ends with Billy and Jenny getting happily married, and they celebrate the birth of their newborn child.'] ['George Newman  is a daydreamer whose hyperactive imagination keeps him from holding a steady job. His gambling uncle, Harvey Bilchik, wins the deed to Channel 62, a bankrupt UHF television station, in a poker game, and prodded by his wife, gives control of the station to George. George and his best friend Bob ([[David Bowe  meet the Channel 62 staff which is made up of the receptionist and wannabe reporter Pamela Finklestein , dwarf photojournalist and cameraman Noodles MacIntosh , and eccentric engineer Philo . George attempts to introduce himself to the rival VHF network station, Channel 8, but its owner, the cynical R.J. Fletcher ([[Kevin McCarthy  chases him out angrily. On his way out of the station, he encounters the janitor, Stanley Spadowski , recently fired by Fletcher, and offers him a job at Channel 62. Though George creates new shows, including the kid-friendly but poorly named "Uncle Nutzy\'s Clubhouse" which he hosts, the workload and bad debt of the station get to him. Amid the stress, he forgets his girlfriend Teri\'s  birthday, who breaks up with him over the incident. Despondent, George turns "Uncle Nutzy\'s Clubhouse" over to Stanley so he and Bob can go out for a drink. Arriving at the bar, they find that all the patrons are excitedly watching Stanley\'s antics on Channel 62. Realizing they have a hit on their hands, George and Bob are revived and inspired. They come up with ideas for more original shows in Channel 62\'s lineup, all spearheaded by the newly retitled "Stanley Spadowski\'s Clubhouse." As Channel 62\'s popularity grows, Fletcher becomes furious that a UHF station is getting better ratings than his network\'s programming. He learns that Harvey Bilchik is the owner of the station and has just gambled away $75,000 at the horse races. Fletcher makes Harvey the offer of covering his debt to his bookie, Big Louie, in return for ownership of Channel 62, which he would then only too happily shut down . George learns of the deal and calls his aunt, who forces her husband to hold off, allowing George time to raise the money Harvey owes by selling investment stock in Channel 62 through a telethon. The telethon starts off successfully, led by Stanley\'s boundless energy, but Fletcher sends his goons to kidnap Stanley. Without Stanley, the telethon grinds to a halt. George then leads a group to infiltrate Channel 8 and rescue Stanley. They return in time to successfully finish the telethon just before Harvey\'s debt comes due, saving the station and making it a publicly owned company. Fletcher, on the other hand, finds out that the penny, a 1955 doubled-die cent he mockingly gave to a beggar earlier in the film was rare and worth thousands, resulting in Channel 62 making its goal. He also discovers that a slanderous conversation of his contempt for his station\'s viewers was secretly recorded and rebroadcast by Philo, and that Channel 8 failed to file paperwork to renew its broadcast license with the FCC, which revokes his license and takes the station off the air. As the film ends, George and Teri rekindle their relationship, while the rest of the employees and fans of Channel 62 celebrate. Throughout the film, there are cutaway scenes that are comic homages to popular shows of the time, through either George\'s imagination or shows specifically for Channel 62. For example, a dream sequence includes a music video for Yankovic\'s "Money for Nothing/Beverly Hillbillies*" in both the audio and visual style of the Dire Straits\' "Money for Nothing", and fake commercials for Plots \'R Us Mortuary Service, Gandhi II, Conan the Librarian and Spatula City are shown throughout the film.'] ['"One of the minor annoyances in modern life is a revolution." Due to a revolution in his country, King Igor Shahdov  comes to New York City with almost no money, his securities having been stolen by his own Prime Minister. He tries to contact the Atomic Energy Commission with his ideas for using atomic power to create a utopia. At a dinner party, some of which is televised live , he reveals he\'s had some experience in the theater. He\'s approached to do TV commercials but doesn\'t like the idea. Later, he does make a few commercials in order to get some money. Invited to speak at a progressive school, he meets Rupert Macabee ([[Michael Chaplin , editor of the school paper, a ten-year-old historian who gives him a stern anarchist lecture. Although Rupert himself says he distrusts all forms of government, his parents are communists. Shahdov is subsequently suspected as a communist himself and has to face one of Joseph McCarthy\'s hearings. He is cleared of all charges and decides to join his estranged queen in Paris for a reconciliation. But Rupert\'s parents are jailed, and authorities force the child to reveal the names of his parents\' friends. Grieving and guilt-ridden, he is presented to King Shahdov as a "patriot". Shadov reassures him that the anti-communist scare is a lot of nonsense, and invites him to come to Europe with his parents for a visit. In a cataclysmic scene, Shadov accidentally directs a strong stream of water from a fire hose at the members of HUAC, who scatter in panic - a bit of fulfilment, considering Chaplin\'s own bitter experience with that body. In addition to its condemnation of HUAC\'s methods, the film takes witty potshots at American commercialism, popular music and film. A dinner party scene includes a number of satirical portrayals of actors and public figures of the period, including Sophie Tucker; and the King attends a film preview for Man or Woman? .'] ["{{expand section}} Baron Boris von Frankenstein  decides to retire, leaving the monster business to his nerdy nephew, Felix Flankin . Frankenstein plans to announce his decision at a convention of monsters that includes his creature and the creature's more intelligent mate , Frankenstein's seductive laboratory assistant Francesca , Count Dracula, the Werewolf, the Creature from the Black Lagoon, The Invisible Man, Quasimodo, Dr. Jekyll & Mr. Hyde, the Mummy, It , and many more. However when Felix proves to be an incompetent  human, the monsters plot to eliminate him and gain control of Frankenstein's latest discovery: the secret of total destruction!"] ['The film begins with a scene in which the Palestinians and Jews are both snapping, similar to the opening scene of West Side Story. The two parties head in to their own stands and sing about their own family-owned falafel stands, Hummus Hut and Kosher King . During the day, Hummus Hut employee Fatima and Kosher King relative David are daydreaming about each other . When Fatima rushes to give a customer his forgotten leftovers, she has a chance encounter with David, and they realize their mutual attraction. Upon returning to the shop, Fatima finds the Kosher King Jews have built a large machine that encroaches onto their property. The head of Hummus Hut throws a rock into the machine, making it malfuncton, provoking a standoff between the two families . Ariel, head of the Kosher King, decides he is going to build a wall. After they leave, David and Fatima stay, and David plans to come to her balcony tonight. The construction begins, and the Palestinians plan to end it abruptly . As such happens, David goes to Fatima\'s house , wanting to kiss her, but Fatima refuses, saying it will only escalate the conflict. They head over to stop the fight. As they do, it is revealed to Fatima\'s family that they are in love. The following fight tips over a canister of gasoline, causing the entire stand to catch fire. David goes to warn the Israelis, who celebrate - until an ember reaches the Kosher King, which proceeds to catch on fire. As the Hummus Hut denizens celebrate, Fatima points out to everyone that they are only making their lives worse. The next morning, expectant falafel customers are oblivious to the fire, and still want food. Ahmed and Ariel have nothing, but David and Fatima scrape together some of the remaining food, merging the two falafel stands. After the others are working, David and Fatima kiss. At the very end, Fatima asks what will happen if their families cannot stop fighting. David says he will "take you to a place called... Beverly Hills", alluding to the song "Somewhere" in West Side Story.'] ['Vic DeSalvo  is a successful New Jersey trucking magnate with a desire to make it big as a Hollywood producer - but he has no talent. He hawks his scripts and ideas from one network executive to another, but he is turned down at each attempt. Finally, he meets an executive who has just been fired, and to revenge himself, he accepts Vic\'s script and arranges for a pilot episode to be filmed. The resultant episode is abysmally awful, both in acting and story, but Vic is only inspired to greater heights. He decides to act as well as write and direct. He throws a huge party to make himself known to "le tout Hollywood", but no-one comes, except Francine , a statistician at a ratings agency. They fall in love. When Francine is passed over for a promotion by her philandering and incompetent boss, she reveals to Vic how the ratings system can be by-passed and results fixed. They conspire to run a scam that will make Vic\'s programmes the most-watched on television. The scam works and Vic is voted best new actor at a grand awards ceremony. But the agency has now discovered the scam, and as soon as Vic has accepted his award, he is arrested by police. Francine and Vic are married in jail.'] ['England, 1908: Emily Ivory  is a wealthy young woman who lives with her Aunt Agnes  at Ivory\'s End, a large country house. At 22, as her aunt constantly reminds her, she is verging on spinsterhood. She meets her brother\'s best friend, Cedric Trilling , when the two come home from university. Aunt Agnes wants the two to fall in love: Cedric, however, is a pompous bore who is overly fond of quoting Homer on all sorts of not-quite-appropriate occasions; also, he\'s a repressed homosexual. When Emily\'s aunt sees the sparks failing to fly, she whisks everyone off to Italy, then India, hoping the romantic locations will bring on love. Emily\'s eye, however, soon wanders to the family\'s new manservant, George , a sturdy peasant who, earlier in the film, had the effrontery to fling off all his clothes and save her life when she was drowning in a pond. Now, Emily can\'t seem to forget his tall, manly frame and his "ripping set of unmentionables." . With George, Emily achieves carnal fulfillment, true love, and, eventually, motherhood and marriage. Although the upper-class characters disapprove of the alliance, nobody is more scandalised than George\'s father, who keeps reminding his son that he\'s "the scum of the earth." When Emily becomes pregnant, she suggests giving the child to George\'s father; George, appalled, begs her to sell it to pirates, abandon it on a mountain, or let it be raised by wolves instead. Cedric, too, finds love with Edward , Emily\'s handsome, cheerful twit of a brother. In that era, it was "the love that dare not speak its name"; however, during Emily\'s wedding scene, Edward takes Cedric\'s arm and shouts "WE LOVE EACH OTHER!" in church. Even Aunt Agnes meets someone special - an expatriate Englishman  who owns a tea plantation in India. At the end of the film, despite class differences, sexual taboos, and age prejudice, everyone seems likely to lead happy, sexually fulfilled lives ever after.'] ["The story centers around four gay friends who have recently graduated from San Torum High School.http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Main/AnotherGayMovie Andy  is an awkward, sex-crazed character who frequently masturbates with his mother's fruits and vegetables. Jarod ([[Jonathan Chase  is a handsome and fit jock who is quite insecure. Griff  is a nerdy, well-dressed guy who is secretly in love with his best friend. Nico  is the most flamboyant, outgoing, and effeminate of the group. The four of them decide to make a pact to have sex by the end of the summer. Each boy proceeds to pursue sex in different ways, with both tragic and comedic results. Nico tries to secure an online date with a man named Ryder ([[Matthew Rush , but ends up with Muffler's grandfather . Andy pursues his long-time crush, his math teacher, Mr. Puckov , but fails; he instead ends up going threesome with Angel , a male stripper, and Beau , a baseball pitcher. Jarod seeks out fellow jocks, including Beau, but ends up dumping him in order to have sex with Griff, who tries to earn the affection of Angel; it starts out successfully, but then Griff chooses Jarod as his true love. Much of the humor comes from how awkward each boy is at romance and how naive they are about sex. Each plot backfires horribly, until the boys finally begin to change their attitudes towards sex at the end of the film."] ["Frankie Avalon and Annette Funicello are husband and wife living in Ohio — far from the surf and sand of their earlier lives together. Heading to California to visit their daughter Sandi , Frankie and Annette are appalled to learn that she has been making time with surfer Michael . In response, they set about to make the beach safe for fun-lovers everywhere by driving out Michael's unsavory friends. Along the way, Frankie faces a challenge to his title from the younger surfers, and nearly ruins his marriage by dallying with Connie Stevens — one of several pop-culture icons appearing in the film, including Fishbone, Don Adams, Bob Denver, Alan Hale, Jr., Edd Byrnes, Jerry Mathers, Tony Dow, Barbara Billingsley, Dick Dale, Stevie Ray Vaughan, O.J. Simpson, and Pee-wee Herman. In the end The Big Kahuna proves that he is the king of surfers, and his title is safe."] ['Marshall Richard "Dick" Dix, a special detective, saves a fast food chain restaurant from a terrorist hostage situation, much to the displeasure of the police chief. He drives away, and back to the police station, where he meets his boss, who is with a police worker, Cassandra Menage. She retells her experience of the cloning of the President of the United States of America, Bill Clinton, who remains unnamed throughout the film. Dix is sent to the cloning facility, a moon base called Vegan. Dix causes a mayhem on the way there. He reaches Vegan, and is met by Lt. Bradford Shitzu at the security check. On the way to meet the main suspect in the cloning, Dr. Griffin Pratt, Dix experiences strange happenings throughout the colony involving certain Aliens who live there. During a very strange incident involving an Alien about to explode, Dix meets Capt. Valentino DiPasquale, with whom Dix will share his quarters. Dix and Shitzu get to Dr. Pratt\'s quarters, and talk to him. Shitzu leaves, and Pratt takes Dix on a tour of his cloning facility. While on the tour, he meets Dr. Uschi Künstler, with whom he takes the elevator to meet Ms. Madfeenage. Dr. Künstler deserts the two, and they make their way to a party where the suspects may be. Pratt and Menage have dinner, while Dix has a bizarre escapade with Pratt\'s toupe. He leaves the party, and goes to his quarters with Valentino. There, he shows him his huge array of disguises. Dix gets a phone call from Ms. Menage that they are about to raid Pratt\'s quarters. Dix destroys his Vegan model, and spreads paint all over the place. Then Dix stumbles on the radio and it starts playing the cancan very loudly. Pratt comes back to his room, only to discover that Dix escaped. He goes to his apartment, and threatens him. Dix tells Menage, and soon enough, Menage gets abducted by Pratt\'s goons. Pratt then pretends to help Dix find the President and rescue Ms. Menage, but Pratt\'s goons trap them. Ms. Menage uses her martial arts skills, and the President, Dix, and Menage escape back to Earth. The President they rescued then is replaced with the president in the White House, and suddenly Dix finds out that he put the clone in the White House. They find out that Dix\'s boss is also with Pratt, and Dix, the President, Menage, Valentino, Shitzu, and Künstler go to a concert by the Three Tenors which are singing Village People songs. The presidents are involved in an onstage fight, and the whole concert is ruined by Shitzu\'s fumbling with the control panel. Künstler then doublecrosses Dix, and reveals she is actually an alien. After Menage kills her, the president is replaced, and Menage goes with Dix to a restaurant.'] ["The plot provides the setup for a string of sight gags, puns, jokes based on Asian stereotypes, and general farce. The central plot involves the misadventures of secret agent Phil Moskowitz, hired by the Grand Exalted High Majah of Raspur  to find a secret egg salad recipe that was stolen from him. The movie has an ending unrelated to the plot, in which China Lee, a Playboy Playmate and then-wife of Allen's comic idol Mort Sahl, who does not appear elsewhere in the film, does a striptease while Allen explains that he promised he would put her in the film somewhere."] ['The hero is Sigerson Holmes , the younger and "smarter" brother of Sherlock "Sheer-Luck" Holmes. Jealous of his more famous brother, Sigerson teams up with a Scotland Yard records clerk  and a would-be opera singer  to solve a case that Sherlock is unable to attend to, putting him up against both Moriarty  and a blackmailer .'] ['C.B Beaumont is the girlfriend of rock and roll star Lonnie Lord, and is abducted by the Chain Gang. With his friend, Titus Twimbly, Lord decides to become "Rat Phink" and his friend assumes the pseudonym "Boo Boo". On their Ratcycle, the twosome eventually track down the Chain Gang and rescue his paramour. However, they must then defeat Kogar, an escapee gorilla from a local zoo. After that is resolved, a parade is held in honor of the heroes.'] ["The film is about the scientist Rosetta Stone  who injects her DNA into three Self Replicating Automatons . These cyborg clones must habitually venture into the real world in order to obtain a supply of Y chromosome in the form of semen to keep them alive. Unfortunately, their periodic treks into the outside world seem to leave the males they obtain the chromosome from, with a strange virus that overtakes both their bodies and their computers. Unfortunately the lust carries over into the technology leaving the males' world aghast."] ['The film opens in 1975 at a place called Headstone Manor, which is being used as a "businessman\'s weekend retreat and girls\' summer camp". A few minutes into the film, a group of satanic monks enter the house and kill 18 of its occupants. In 1983, Doctor Lucas Mandeville  and Doctor Barbara Coyle  are sent to investigate radioactive readings in the area that have been traced to Headstone Manor, now known by locals as the House of Death. Along with several other scientists, Mandeville and Coyle set up their equipment in the house, while the Sinister Man , a 700-year-old Satanic priest, prepares a rite in the nearby woods to purge the house of its unwanted guests. During this time, Mandeville reveals that he was once a successful German surgeon named Ludwig Manheim, who was reduced to "smart-arse paranormal research crap" after a humiliation in the past. Coyle also encounters a poltergeist, and the two engage in sexual intercourse. Several satanic clones of Mandeville, Coyle and the other scientists enter house, and begin killing off the originals and taking their place. When Coyle is about to be killed, she is rescued by the poltergeist and saved. The satanic monks then take off in a spaceship, revealing that these monks are aliens using the house for their activities on Earth. The film ends with the spaceship soaring into the skies, with an E.T. voice groaning: "Oh, shit! Not again!".'] ['Most of the movie is told as flashback: Puff  testifies to Congress, Lila Jute  tells her story to the police, while a dead Nathan Bronfman  addresses an unseen audience in the netherworld. Lila is a woman with a rare hormonal imbalance which causes thick hair to grow all over her body. During her 20s, Lila decides to leave society and live within nature where she feels free to exist comfortably in her natural state. She writes a successful book about her naked, savage, happy, and free life in the woods embracing nature. Then, at age 30, strong sexual desire causes her to return to civilization and have her hair removed in order to find a partner. The partner she finds is Dr. Nathan Bronfman, a psychologist researching the possibility of teaching table manners to mice. Lila and Nathan go hiking in the woods one day. Lila sights a naked man in the woods who has believed himself to be an ape his entire life. Lila discards her clothes and chases him until he\'s cornered on a tree branch. The man falls off the branch and fall unconscious as Nathan comes along. Nathan brings this man to his lab where the man is named Puff. This name is after his French research assistant, Gabrielle\'s  childhood dog. We discover later from her phone call to an unknown person that she is actually an American with a fake French accent. First with the help of Gabrielle and later with Lila’s help, Nathan performs extensive manner training on Puff, so that he can speak and go through the motions of appreciating high culture, though he still has difficulty controlling sexual urges. To demonstrate his success, Nathan takes Puff on tour. Puff secretly drinks heavily and patronizes prostitutes. Meanwhile, Nathan and Lila\'s relationship deteriorates and Nathan has an affair with Gabrielle. Eventually Lila decides to take Puff back into the forest to undo his manner training and return him to his natural state. Lila and Puff live naked in the woods together until Nathan finds them one day and Puff kills Nathan. Lila turns herself in as the murderer and asks Puff to testify on the waywardness of humanity before he returns to his home in the forest. After the reporters and spectators leave, Puff comes back out of the forest and gets into a car with Gabrielle. They both drive off to get food . At the end of the movie, there is a philosophical passage read while the credits appear. It is an excerpt of William of Ockham from Opera Theologica in which Ockham explains his theory of intuitive cognition.Opera Theologica p.31 "Intuitive cognition is such that when some things are cognized, of which one inheres in the other, or one is spatially distant from the other, or exists in some relation to the other, immediately in virtue of that non-propositional cognition of those things, it is known if the thing inheres or does not inhere, if it is spatially distant or not, and the same for other true contingent propositions, unless that cognition is flawed or there is some impediment. [Opera Theologica I, p. 31]"'] ['When Napoleon invades the Russian Empire during the Napoleonic wars, Boris Grushenko , a coward and pacifist scholar, is forced to enlist in the Russian Army, desperate and disappointed hearing the news that his cousin Sonja  is to wed a herring merchant. He inadvertently captures a group of enemy soldiers, but to no avail, as the French army reaches Moscow immediately afterward. He returns and marries the recently-widowed Sonja , a marriage filled with philosophical debates, and no money. Boris thinks that the French invasion of Moscow should put an end to the war. His narcissistic wife, angered that the invasion will interfere with their plans to start a family that year, conceives a plot to assassinate Napoleon at his quarters. Boris and Sonja debate the matter with some degree of philosophical double-talk, and Boris reluctantly goes along with it. Sonja escapes arrest while Boris is executed despite being told by a vision that he will manage to escape.'] ['The film opens with a brief action sequence in which a mobster named Roxy Robinson  is "splurged" by members of a gang, using rapid-fire custard-shooting "splurge guns". Once splurged, a kid is "all washed up" and his career in crime is over—the splurged gangsters are never shown as dead or even unconscious, merely "finished". Speakeasy boss, Fat Sam  introduces himself and Bugsy Malone , a boxing promoter with no money . At Fat Sam\'s speakeasy, there is much dancing and singing , but Fat Sam himself is worried that his rival Dandy Dan  will come to the speakeasy and try to take over. Blousey Brown , an aspiring singer, has come for an audition, but Sam is too distracted. Bugsy meets Blousey when he trips over her luggage. He is smitten, and flirts with her. Suddenly, Fat Sam\'s is raided by Dandy Dan\'s men, who shoot the place up. Dandy Dan\'s men continue to attack Fat Sam\'s empire, eventually taking away rackets and splurging most of Fat Sam\'s gang. Fat Sam learns about the splurge guns when one is dropped and left at the scene of an attack. Fat Sam sends all his available men to see if they can track down the guns; they are trapped at a laundry and all splurged by Dandy Dan\'s gang. Bugsy returns to Fat Sam\'s to try to arrange a new audition for Blousey. He only finds Fat Sam\'s girlfriend, Tallulah , the chanteuse of the speakeasy, who tells him that she likes him. Although Bugsy rejects her flirtation, when Blousey enters, Tallulah plants a big kiss on Bugsy\'s forehead, making Blousey jealous. Blousey has her audition and Fat Sam hires her, but she still refuses to speak to Bugsy  Fat Sam hires Bugsy to come along to a meeting with Dandy Dan. This meeting turns out to be a trap, but Bugsy helps Fat Sam escape. Gratefully, Fat Sam pays him $200. Bugsy and Blousey reconcile, and have a lunch and a romantic outing on a lake. Back in the city, Bugsy promises to buy tickets for them to leave for Hollywood. However, when he returns Sam\'s car to the garage, he is attacked, and his money stolen. Bugsy is saved by Leroy Smith , who punches the attackers; seeing this, Bugsy realizes he has found a potentially great boxer. Bugsy introduces Leroy to Cagey Joe  and helps him begin training . Fat Sam once again enlists Bugsy\'s aid after his assistant Knuckles gets splurged by a splurge gun which Fat Sam invented. Bugsy breaks up the idea with Blousey to leave for Hollywood and helps fat Sam, leaving Blousey in a state of disappointment after finding out . Bugsy and Leroy follow Dandy Dan\'s men to a warehouse, where they discover the guns are being stashed. The two of them can\'t take the place alone, so Bugsy enlists the aid of a large group of down-and-out workers at a soup kitchen . They steal the crates of guns and return with them to Fat Sam\'s just as Dandy Dan\'s gang arrives. Chaos breaks out and everyone is covered in a melee of custard. A pie hits the piano player Razmataz, who falls forward, striking a single bass note with his head. Silence instantly breaks out, and then the cast, now covered in white cream , engages in a final musical number . The characters realise they can all be friends, and Bugsy and Blousey leave for Hollywood.'] ['Ten stories, each inspired by one of the Ten Commandments: ;1 "Thou Shalt Worship No God Before Me A guy  becomes a celebrity after falling out of a plane and becoming permanently embedded in the ground. After a swift rise to stardom, he becomes prideful and arrogant, referring to himself as a god. His career falls apart and he loses everything. His fiancée  leaves him for a TV anchor man. ;2 "Thou Shalt Not Take the Lord\'s Name in Vain" A librarian  has a sexual awakening in Mexico with a swarthy local  who turns out to be Jesus Christ. She eventually settles down and marries her coworker , but is secretly reminded of her fling with Jesus whenever her family prays before a meal. ;3 "Thou Shalt Not Murder" A doctor  kills his patient by leaving a pair of scissors inside her abdomen during surgery. Despite expecting the charges to be dropped because he left the scissors in "as a goof", the judge and jury sentence him to life in prison. The judge also disbars the plaintiff\'s lawyer, who is then told that he should consider a job as a tour guide at the local nuclear plant. ;4 "Honor Thy Mother and Thy Father" A white mother  enlists an Arnold Schwarzenegger impersonator  to be a father figure to her black children after telling them he is their biological father. It is revealed that their father is in reality Arsenio Hall, but they decide to keep the Arnold impersonator as part of the family; despite not being able to imitate Arsenio, he can do a pretty good Eddie Murphy impression. ;5 "Thou Shalt Not Covet Thy Neighbor\'s Goods" A police detective  covets his neighbor\'s  CAT Scan machine. After continuously buying additional CAT Scan machines to one up each other, both of their wives leave them. After hitting rock bottom, the two neighbors reconcile and go out for a drink. Meanwhile, a disaster at a nuclear power plant during a school tour  leaves a busload of school children in need of several CAT Scan machines. They arrive at the neighbors\' houses but the doors are locked and the two men are at the bar, so all the children die. ;6 "Thou Shalt Not Covet Thy Neighbor\'s Wife" A prisoner  desires a fellow inmate\'s "bitch"  for his own. ;7 "Thou Shalt Not Steal" The woman  from the first story, having recently married the TV anchor man, falls in love with a ventriloquist\'s puppet, steals it and runs off to have a romantic relationship with it. ;8 "Thou Shalt Not Bear False Witness" The ventriloquist, having lost his dummy and become a homeless heroin addict, is told by another homeless man a story about an animated rhinoceros  who earns a reputation as a liar. After learning that a band of weiner dogs is intent on infecting others with a fatal STD, the rhinoceros tries to warn everyone. Unfortunately, nobody believes him, and they all succumb to the STD  and die. It is then revealed that the rhinoceros now sells drugs to the homeless men. ;9 "Thou Shalt Not Commit Adultery" Jeff Reigert  presents all of these stories to the audience, while struggling with his own moral dilemma: having to choose between his beautiful wife  and his also beautiful but somewhat younger mistress . ;10 "Remember the Sabbath and Keep It Holy" The husband from the second story  skips church with his family to get naked with his friends and listen to Roberta Flack.'] ['Marty Malt  is an unhappy garbage man who moonlights as an atrociously unfunny standup comic. He lives in a dark, grimy, garbage-strewn urban netherworld, where a company named Blump\'s apparently owns everything. His best friend and fellow trash collector, Gus , is the only one who laughs at his jokes, and his sincerity is questionable. The obnoxiously exuberant Gus plays an accordion, which he always carries with him. Marty is seeing Rosarita , a waitress, but she doesn\'t seem too interested in him. One day, Gus convinces a talent agent, Jackie Chrome , to check out Marty\'s act. Jackie isn\'t impressed. Marty\'s luck seems to take a turn for the worse when a large lump starts growing on his back. He goes to a quack doctor , who calls him a wimp and puts a Band-Aid on the lump. The lump continues to grow, eventually becoming a full-sized arm. While Gus uses Marty\'s newfound freakishness to impress his morbidly obese girlfriends, a horrified Rosarita breaks up with Marty, and he gets fired from the club where he does his act. Marty is despondent until Gus brings him to see Jackie, who, it turns out, has always dreamed of finding a real three-armed comic. Re-christened "Desi the Three-Armed Wonder Comic," and with Gus now providing musical accompaniment, Marty gets a fresh start on his career. Marty and Gus have a few semi-successful shows and eventually meet Hollywood talent agent Dirk Delta , who offers them a job. Marty, Gus and Jackie celebrate this big break and everything seems to be looking up until Marty wakes up the following morning and discovers his third arm has inexplicably vanished. He goes with Gus to see Jackie, who is furious at first but calms down and decides to tell Dirk the truth upon Marty\'s suggestion. After calling Dirk and telling him the bad news, Dirk surprisingly asks them to send Gus to fill the spot with his accordion playing. Gus is ecstatic and leaves almost immediately. Marty is sad but gets his job back at the club and uses the story of his third arm in his act and finally gets a few laughs from the crowd.'] ['A colossal series of disasters releases something monstrous from a glacier. Strange disappearances in a small California town attract the attention of a thick-headed sheriff , his transparently uninterested scientist girlfriend  and a visiting government agent . They discover that a giant green monster is at large, the Creaturesaurus Erectus,  They turn to experienced monster fighter Colonel Patrick Hendry , who has been locked in a government asylum for decades. With the help of other monster experts, lots of stock footage and incredibly bad special effects, humanity fights back against the "Thing from Another Time Zone".'] ['It is December 31, 1982, and the Saturn Theater is preparing for its big New Year\'s Eve concert under the direction of owner and master showman Max Wolfe , who has operated the Saturn since 1968. Assisting Max are stage manager Neil Allen ([[Daniel Stern , and visiting former stage manager Willy Loman . Max Wolfe holds a 30-year lease to the theater, but reptilian concert promoter Colin Beverly  has other ideas. Beverly offers to buy Max out of his lease with what seems to be a sweetheart deal at Beverly\'s concert auditorium and stadium, but Max refuses, ultimately becoming so incensed that he collapses of an apparent heart attack. Outside, Max\'s ingratiating nephew Sammy  informs Beverly that he stands to inherit the theater from his uncle, and Beverly offers Sammy the same deal he offered Max—if Sammy can get Max\'s signature on an agreement to transfer the Saturn\'s lease before midnight. The various performers for the show are introduced: *Captain Cloud  and the Rainbow Telegraph, Max Wolfe\'s favorite band, arriving in an aging bus that is painted à la the Merry Pranksters\' Further. *Nada  and her 15-member band, an amalgam of many disparate styles of music that appeared on MTV in the early 1980s—part bubble-gum pop, part New Wave, part garage rock. They are joined by "Special Guest Star" Piggy (Lee Ving of the L.A. punk band [[Fear . *King Blues, the King of the Blues ([[Bill Henderson , a spoof of Muddy Waters. *Auden , "metaphysical folk singer, event of the \'70s, [and] antisocial recluse", a spoof of Bob Dylan. *Reggie Wanker , "20 years of rock and roll and still on top", a spoof of Mick Jagger; featuring his drummer Toad played by John Densmore of The Doors. King Blues opens the show, performing two of his "own" hit songs, "The Blues Had a Baby and They Named it Rock and Roll"  and "Hoochie Coochie Man" . Next the Nada Band take the stage and perform "I\'m Not Going to Take It No More." Piggy leads the band in a viciously punk-rock version of "Hoochie Coochie Man," complete with stage dives and slam dancing. Reggie sings a celebration of egotism, "Hot Shot," then moves on to a version of "Hoochie Coochie Man". As the show proceeds, Sammy tries to find ways to sabotage the theater, including fueling a fire in the basement and cutting the fire hose. Colin Beverly\'s henchmen, Mark and Marv (former teen heartthrobs Bobby Sherman and [[Fabian , give Sammy a bomb, which he plants in the rocket ship that Max will ride during the final countdown to midnight. Willy overhears Mark and Marv talking about the bomb, and is captured by them and locked in the trunk of Colin Beverly\'s limousine. She escapes when the limo collides with Auden\'s taxicab, and runs back toward the theater. Only moments before midnight, Willy reaches the theater and tells Neil about the bomb. As the seconds tick away, the bomb is thrown from person to person out of the building, landing in Colin Beverly\'s limo just as it pulls up to the curb. The last second ticks away, the bomb explodes, everyone shouts "happy new year", and Captain Cloud leads the crowd in "Auld Lang Syne". Max gives Neil the lease to the theater, saying he intends to retire. Neil offers partnership to Willy. The end credits roll while Auden sings Reed\'s "Little Sister". The final caption reads, "Thanks for the memories to the entire staff of the Fillmore East 1968–71."'] ['The film begins with the alien abduction on Scalleum, a remote island off the coast of Wales, of Cat Williams and her boyfriend. Cat\'s boyfriend is gorily killed, and Cat is  implanted with an alien fetus. Cat\'s story attracts the attention of Michelle "Foxy" Fox , the bosomy host of the cable TV show Weird Worlde, who brings a film crew to the island &mdash; her cameraman boyfriend Ricky ; Jack the sound man; nerdy UFO expert Gavin Gorman; and actors Bruce Barton and Candy Vixen . The island is accessible via a narrow causeway only at low tide. The Weird Worlde crew sets out in their van, but it is dark by the time they reach the Williams family\'s creepy farmhouse, where they meet Cat and her three hulking and sadistic brothers . The crew  initially assume that Cat\'s story is a hoax, and even go so far as to make a crop circle in a nearby field so they can film it for the show, to Gorman\'s great disgust. However, it soon turns out that the aliens are all too real and rather malevolent. The film crew teams up with the Welsh Williams brothers to fight off the aliens, with a great deal of blood and gore. One highlight features Ricky running down some aliens in a combine harvester, to the tune of "Combine Harvester" by The Wurzels. Eventually, the alien child inside Cat claws its way out; on board the alien ship, Foxy is impregnated with another alien fetus while Gavin loses his virginity to a shapely female alien; Bruce, Candy, and the Welsh brothers meet various horrible demises; Ricky blows up himself and four alien pursuers in a tank of liquid manure; back at the house, the female alien rips Foxy in half; and finally Gavin manages to use his laptop (in a sequence reminiscent of [[Independence Day  to overload the ley lines of the nearby stone circle. As Cat\'s alien child rips his arms off, Gavin manages to press the space bar with his nose, sending the stones shooting into the underside of the alien craft, which crashes into a convenient mountain. Jack the sound man, meanwhile, having been blinded by alien ichor early in the film, swims across the channel to the mainland, only to discover that he\'s lost the videotape that was the only proof of their extraterrestrial encounter. The film ends with a clip from an alien talk show reminiscent of Jerry Springer , on which Gavin\'s female alien is trying to explain how her entire crew was killed by humans and she herself carries the love child of one of those humans. The audience roars with laughter, and the host cuts her mike.'] ['The film starts with the closing scenes of Casablanca, with Humphrey Bogart and Ingrid Bergman. We then see that it is the main character, Allan Felix , who is watching the film in a cinema, mouth agape. He leaves the cinema regretting that he will never be like Rick. Apart from apparitions of Bogart he also has frequent flashbacks of conversations with his ex-wife, who constantly belittled his sexual adequacy. Allan Felix has just been through a messy divorce. His two friends, Linda Christie  and her husband Dick ([[Tony Roberts , try convincing him to go out with women again, setting him up with a series of blind dates, all of which turn out to be unsuitable. He agrees, and throughout the film, he is seen receiving dating advice from the ghost of Humphrey Bogart , who is visible and audible only to Allan. Allan\'s ex-wife Nancy  also makes fantasy appearances, as he imagines conversations with her about the breakdown of their marriage. On one occasion, the fantasy seems to run out of control, with both Bogart and Nancy appearing. As the film goes on we see that, when it comes to women, Allan puts on a mask. He attempts to become sexy and sophisticated, in particular he tries to be like his idol, Bogart, only to end up ruining his chances by being too clumsy. Eventually, he develops feelings for Linda, around whom he feels relatively at ease and does not feel the need to put on the mask. At the point where he finally makes his move on Linda  a vision of his ex-wife appears and shoots Bogart, leaving him without advice. He then makes an awkward move. Linda runs off but returns, realizing that Allan loves her. "As Time Goes By" plays as they kiss, with flashes from Casablanca. However, their relationship is ultimately doomed, just as it was for Rick  and Ilsa  in Casablanca. Dick comes home early from Cleveland and confides in Allan that he thinks Linda is having an affair, not working out that her affair is with Allan, but expresses his love for Linda to him. The ending is a parody of Casablancas famous ending. Dick is catching a flight to Cleveland, Linda is chasing after him, and Allan is chasing after Linda. The fog, the aircraft engine start-ups, the trenchcoats worn and the dialogue are all reminiscent of the film, as Allan nobly explains to Linda why she has to go with her husband, rather than staying behind with him. Allan says "if that plane leaves the ground and you\'re not on it, you\'ll regret it, maybe not today maybe not tomorrow, but soon, and for the rest of your life". "That is beautiful," she says, causing Allan to reply "It\'s from Casablanca. . . . I\'ve waited my whole life to say it". His journey is complete. The music from the scene in Casablanca resumes the theme "As Time Goes By" and the film ends.'] ['Dr. Sidney Schaefer , a psychiatrist, is chosen by the U.S. Government to act as the President’s top-secret personal psychoanalyst, through Don Masters , a Central Enquiries Agency  assassin who vetted Dr. Schaefer while undergoing psychoanalysis. The decision to choose Schaefer is against the advice of Henry Lux , the director of the all-male, under-five-foot-six-inch Federal Bureau of Regulation . Dr. Schaefer is given a home in affluent Georgetown and assigned a comfortable office connected to the White House by a tunnel. From this location he is to be on call at all hours to fit the President\'s hectic schedule. However, the President\'s Analyst has one problem: There is no one to whom he can talk about the President\'s ultra-top-secret and personal problems. As he steadily becomes overwhelmed by stress, Schaefer begins to feel that he is being watched everywhere&nbsp;&mdash; which is actually true&nbsp;&mdash; until he becomes clinically paranoid; he even suspects his sweet girlfriend Nan  of spying on him&nbsp;&mdash; also true&nbsp;&mdash; as an agent of the CEA. Schaefer goes on the lam with the help of a "typical" American family of gun-toting liberals who defend him against foreign agents attempting to kidnap him off the streets. He escapes with the help of a hippie tribe, led by the "Old Wrangler" , as spies from all over the world attempt to kidnap him for the secret information the President has confided to him. Meanwhile, agents from the FBR seek him out on orders to liquidate him as a national security risk. Eventually, he is found and kidnapped by Canadian Secret Service agents masquerading as a British pop group. Schaefer is rescued from the Canadians and an FBR assassin by Kropotkin , a KGB agent who intends to spirit him away to Russia. Kropotkin has second thoughts about his plan, following a psychoanalysis session with the doctor, during which Kropotkin begins to come to terms with his unrealized hatred of his KGB-chief father. Now feeling he needs the good doctor\'s help to continue his self-analysis, he instead returns him to U.S. soil. Kropotkin arranges a pickup with his trusted CEA colleague Don Masters, but Schaeffer is kidnapped again&nbsp;&mdash; this time by The Phone Company , a far more insidious organization than the FBR or KGB, which has been observing him throughout the film. Taken to TPC\'s headquarters in New Jersey, he is introduced to the head of TPC , who wants Dr. Schaefer\'s help in carrying out their plan. TPC has developed a "modern electronic miracle", the Cerebrum Communicator , a microelectronic device that can communicate wirelessly with any other CC in the world. Once implanted in the brain, the user need only think of the number of the person they wish to reach, and are instantly connected, thus eliminating the need for The Phone Company\'s massive and expensive-to-maintain wired infrastructure.  For this to work, every human being will be assigned a number instead of a name, and the CC prenatally implanted. Dr. Schaefer is "requested" to assist TPC by blackmailing the President into pushing through the required legislation. Masters and Kropotkin use their superspy abilities to come to Schaefer\'s rescue. They hand Schaefer an M16 rifle that Schaefer gleefully uses on The Phone Company\'s security staff. The three emerge victorious from the ensuing bloodbath, but months later, as Dr. Schaefer and his spy friends are enjoying a Christmas reunion, animatronic executives from TPC look on approvingly, while "Joy to the World" plays in the background.'] [' Little Red Riding Hood is depicted as a typical 1940s teen-aged girl, a "bobby soxer" with an extremely loud and grating voice . After she sings the first verse of "Five O\'Clock Whistle" in the opening to establish this fact, Bugs pops out of her basket to ask where she\'s going. She replies that she\'s going to "bring a little bunny rabbit to my grandma\'s. Ta HAVE, see?" With this part of the story set up, the wolf is now introduced. The wolf switches a "Shortcut to Grandma\'s" sign, so that Red has to go through a long mountain path, while the wolf uses the real shortcut – a few short steps to the house. Seeing a note on the door that Grandma isn\'t home , the wolf sneaks inside and dresses like grandma – only to find that a bunch of other wolves are similarly dressed and waiting in the bed for Red! The wolf  growls for the others to "COME ON! COME ON! take a powder – this is MY racket!" and the other wolves leave muttering to themselves, and a small wolf leaves from under the pillow. Once in bed, the wolf waits for Red to come to the door. But in a twist the wolf isn\'t interested in eating Red, but rather the rabbit she brought with her. The wolf quickly shuffles Red out the door and tries looking for Bugs. Bugs, however, gets the better of the wolf and runs around the house, being \'chased\' by the wolf. Along the way, Bugs subjects the wolf to the famous lots-of-doors in-and-out routine . The wolf, however, is constantly interrupted by Red, who continues asking the questions from the story, such as "That\'s an awfully big nose for you – ta HAVE." Towards the end of the cartoon,the wolf finally corners bugs but Bugs imitates the wolf\'s every action even when the wolf keeps telling Bugs to stop. After eluding the wolf by distracting him into singing, "Put On Your Old Gray Bonnet ", Bugs manages to get a glowing coal from the fireplace and sends the wolf to the ceiling by scorching his backside. When the wolf comes down, Bugs has a large shovelful of coals waiting to scorch the wolf. However, the wolf manages to catch his feet on the ends of two benches just in time, doing the "splits", facing the camera. Instead of simply kicking one of the benches away, Bugs proceeds to dump heavy weights into the wolf\'s arms. After clearing out just about everything in the house , Bugs is about to apply the coup de grace on the wolf – by placing an olive branch on top of the mass of junk and furniture the wolf is holding – when Red comes back in, bellowing "Hey, GRANDMA!"  By this time, even Bugs has had enough of Red\'s interruptions, prompting him to say, "I\'ll do it, but I\'ll probably hate myself in the morning." He descends the ladder, out of frame, there\'s a shuffling of the furniture... and now RED is the one desperately trying to avoid getting scorched , while Bugs and the wolf, arms around each other\'s shoulders, share a carrot and self-satisfied looks, and await the inevitable.'] ['World-famous violinist Ryan Harrison  is seen giving a concert. Afterwards, he goes to a party where he meets Hibbing Goodhue ([[Michael York , a millionaire who sponsors Harrison\'s performances, as well as Goodhue\'s seductive wife Lauren  and his possible mistress Cass Lake .  The next evening he finds a note from Lauren in his car which summons him to the Goodhue residence. When he goes to the Goodhue mansion, he bumps into Sean Laughrea , who has just killed Goodhue . A violent fight follows, during which Harrison discovers that Sean is missing an eye, an arm, and a leg, and he overhears the preparations for an operation with the codename "Highlander" before he is knocked out. When he wakes up, Harrison finds himself arrested and convicted for the murder of Goodhue. Desperate to prove his innocence, Harrison escapes from his prison transport following an accident while a hide and seek with a train follows. Lieutenant Fergus Falls  arrives on the scene, takes charge, barks out orders and vows to do whatever it takes to capture the fugitive. Harrison returns to the Goodhue mansion where he encounters Cass, who is trying to retrieve something from behind a portrait. She tells him she knows he is innocent and believes Lauren is the killer, but refuses to say anything to the police because Lauren is her sister. She provides him with a place to hide and helps him shake his pursuers, but Harrison\'s opportunities to rest are short and fleeting: Falls seems to find him wherever he goes, and Cass behaves suspiciously, increasing Harrison\'s doubts of whom to trust. Harrison gradually begins to piece together the puzzle; he remembers that Sean was present at the party as the bartender and was given a great amount of money by Cass. He also finds that Cass is strangely interested in Sir Robert McKintyre, the secretary-general of the United Nations. Eventually, after investigating Sean\'s disabilities in a limb replacement clinic, he discovers that Cass, Lauren and Sean are planning an assassination attempt on McKintyre. He manages to follow the group but is caught. Cass shoots Harrison but actually fakes his death, both because she has fallen in love with him and because she wants to stop the assassination, since she has found out that McKintyre is really her father. Goodhue has been murdered by Sean and Lauren because he had come to suspect that his wife was actually a terrorist and had only used him to further her goals. At a Scottish festival, Harrison and Cass just barely manage to save McKintyre\'s life. They are cornered by Lauren, Sean and accomplices, but Fergus Falls and a SWAT team arrive just in the nick of time, arresting the terrorists. Falls officially tells Harrison that he was "wrongfully accused", clearing his name and acquitting him. In the last scene, Harrison and Cass are riding on the bow of a cruise ship (spoofing [[Titanic  and end up bumping their heads on a low bridge.'] ["A man calling himself Sam Marlowe  has his face altered to resemble that of his idol, Humphrey Bogart, and then opens a detective agency. At first he and his secretary Duchess  have meager business, but things pick up after a shooting puts Sam's picture in the paper. Some ruthless people, who are coincidentally also similar to characters in Bogart films , are after a priceless set of stones called the Eyes of Alexander , and Marlowe and Duchess are caught in the middle of it all."] ['Three young women &mdash; Kelly MacNamara , Casey Anderson , and Petronella "Pet" Danforth  &mdash; perform in a rock band, The Kelly Affair, managed by Harris Allsworth , Kelly\'s boyfriend. The four travel to Los Angeles to find Kelly\'s estranged aunt, Susan Lake , heiress to a family fortune. Susan welcomes Kelly and her friends, even promising a third of her inheritance to her niece, but Susan\'s sleazy financial advisor Porter Hall  discredits them as "hippies" in an attempt to embezzle her fortune himself. Undeterred, Susan introduces The Kelly Affair to a flamboyant, well-connected rock producer, Ronnie "Z-Man" Barzell , who coaxes them into an impromptu performance at one of his outrageous parties . The band is so well-received that {{nowrap}} becomes their Svengali-style manager, changing their name to The Carrie Nations and starting a long-simmering feud with Harris. Kelly drifts away from Harris and takes up with Lance Rocke , a high-priced gigolo who pursued her with designs on her inheritance. Harris fends off the aggressive attentions of porn star Ashley St. Ives , but after losing Kelly weakly allows Ashley to seduce him. Ashley soon tires of his uptight nature and inability to perform sexually due to increasing drug and alcohol intake. Harris descends further into heavy drug and alcohol use, leading to a drug-addled one-night stand with Casey which results in pregnancy. Casey, distraught at getting pregnant and wary of men\'s foibles, has a lesbian affair with clothes designer Roxanne , who urges her to have an abortion. Petronella has a seemingly enchanted romance with law student Emerson Thorne . After a meet-cute at {{nowrap}} party, they are shown running slow-motion through golden fields and frolicking in a haystack. Their fairy-tale romance frays when Pet sleeps with Randy Black , a violent prize fighter who beats up Emerson and tries to run him down with a car. A drunk Harris challenges Lance to a fight. After Lance beats him severely, Kelly ends her affair with Lance. Susan Lake is reunited with her former fiancé Baxter Wolfe ([[Charles Napier . The Carrie Nations release records and continue to perform successfully, despite constant touring and drug use. Upset at being pushed to the sidelines, Harris attempts suicide by leaping from the rafters of a sound stage during a television appearance by the band. Harris survives the fall but becomes paraplegic from his injuries. Kelly devotes much time to caring for him. Emerson forgives Petronella for her infidelity. Casey and Roxanne have a steamy, intimate romance. But this idyllic existence ends when {{nowrap}} invites Casey, Roxanne, and Lance to a psychedelic-fueled party at his house. After revealing he has female breasts and trying to seduce Lance, who spurns him, {{nowrap}} goes on a murderous rampage: he beheads Lance with a sword , stabs his servant Otto ([[Henry Rowland  to death, and shoots Casey and Roxanne, killing them. Responding to a desperate phone call Casey made shortly before her death, Kelly, Harris, Pet, and Emerson arrive at {{nowrap}} house and try to subdue him. Petronella is wounded in the melee, which ends in {{nowrap}} death. After a preachy, satirical voice-over monologue during scenes of Kelly and Harris  hiking on a log over a creek &mdash; which Roger Ebert credits to Russ Meyer\'s "sick sense of humor"{{Cite quote}} &mdash; the film ends with the wedding of three couples, Kelly and Harris, Pet and Emerson, and Susan and Baxter Wolfe, with Porter Hall observing from outside the court house window.'] ['In Neo Tokyo in 2XXX A.D., eleven strangers, each with various criminal backgrounds, awaken in a deserted warehouse where they are confronted by the mysterious Mr. K, the manager of the Black Papillon Foundation. They are told that they have been brought together to participate in a game conceived of by The Baron, the leader of the organization, in which they have to reach his mansion within eleven hours. The reward for this is 300 million yen and the chance to start their lives over by also expunging their criminal records. Each participant is fitted with a bracelet on their left wrists which has a timer indicating how much time is left in the game, and an alarm system. The latter is triggered when "hunters", who work for the Black Papillon Foundation and are armed with non-lethal laser guns which will knock the participants out of the game when they are shot, come within 50 meters. The bracelets also contain hypodermic needles which will inject the wearers with a lethal poison if they attempt to take the bracelets off or time runs out, thus forcing them all to play the game or face death.  Unarmed and after being divided into three teams, the game starts. The first indication that things are not what they seem occurs shortly into the game when Big Mac is shot and killed by some hunters, revealing that the players must now try to survive against opponents with real firearms. The three teams then split up and pursue separate routes. Fake manages to get hold of a gun that Snake stole from a hunter and thus take control of his team. The team of Jingi, Oolong and Jasmine encounters hunters after emerging from a tunnel, whom they fight and defeat, but are also killed. Ace, Micro, and Tall succeed in hotwiring a car thanks to Micro\'s technical expertise, but Ace is killed by a hunter. Fake decides to kill a member of his team, but the arrival of some hunters and Coco\'s quick thinking result in his apparent demise, while Prince is shot and falls to his death. Micro meanwhile succeeds in deactivating the dead Ace\'s bracelet, revealing a black butterly tattoo on his wrist that both he and Tall also have. Hunters soon arrive however and kill them during an ensuing car chase. Coco and Snake manage to evade additional hunters, but Coco is wounded. With less than an hour left in the game and when the two are alone, she reveals why she hates men, but that she is glad that men like Snake exist. She gives him her compact as a token of remembrance before taking a bullet meant for him fired by Fake. Snake then confronts Fake with the revelation that except for him , all of the participants in the game have a black butterfly tattoo on their wrists, marking them as The Baron\'s children although they had different mothers. Fake is soon killed by a hunter and after slipping his bracelet off, Snake reaches The Baron\'s mansion as the last player left. Here he is greeted by Mr. K, and it is revealed that the two colluded in order to enable Mr. K to take over the Black Papillon Foundation, while Snake would be delivered the man with a crescent-shaped scar on his forehead who killed his parents years ago. Believing this man to be The Baron, Snake confronts him only to find him dead and no scar on his forehead. Mr. K then shoots Snake and reveals that he himself is also one of The Baron\'s children, making him the eleventh player in the game and explaining the film\'s title. Mr. K rigged the game set up by his father by adding actual deaths as a factor to kill off his siblings, and he also turns out to be the very man with the crescent-shaped scar who Snake seeks vengeance against. Mr. K then apparently shoots and kills Snake. Snake however, survives his wounds and later that night infiltrates a bizarre costume party that Mr. K is attending. He confronts and kills Mr. K, revealing that his life was saved by Coco\'s compact which he had in his jacket pocket and deflected a potentially fatal bullet just before he himself is shot and killed by Mr. K\'s bodyguards.'] ['Louisa May Foster , a romantic young woman who realizes she wants to marry for love, and not for money. However, she believes she\'s a victim of a supernatural curse, as she tends to marry poor men for love, then ends up a neglected wife and a rich widow as a result of her ill-fated husbands\' greed. To prove her point, all of her four husbands die off after achieving wealth. All four leave her immensely wealthy but intensely unhappy. In a dream-like pre-credit sequence, a pink coffin is carried down a pink staircase in a pink mansion with Louisa as a black-clad widow following behind. The pallbearers drop the coffin, which sleds down the stairs. Louisa tries desperately to give away more than $200 million dollars to the U.S. government Internal Revenue Service who believe it an April Fools\' Day joke. Louisa ends up as sobbing widow on the couch of an unstable psychiatrist . Louisa tries to explain herself and her motivation for giving away all that money which leads into the rest of the story, a primarily romantic flashback with occasional fantasies from Louisa\'s point of view including a Marnie type aversion to the colour pink. We meet Louisa as a young, idealistic girl. Her mother  is fixated on money; she is pushing for Louisa to marry Leonard Crawley , the richest man in town. Louisa loathes Lennie and instead takes up with Edgar Hopper , an old school friend who inadvertently woos her with his relaxed attitude, lack of ambition, and love of the simple life. Hopper is inspired by the writing of Henry David Thoreau, taking the writer\'s message of "simplify, simplify!" to heart. Louisa elects to marry Hopper, and they live in a shack, poor but happy  until Hopper abandons the simple life for an all-out assault to drive Crawley out of business in Crawleyville. Edgar makes a lot of money while pushing himself to his human limits. He achieves his goal of bankrupting Crawley, but pays the ultimate price of severe greed and falls dead from an apparent heart attack while chiding "Hard work never hurt anybody!" After Hopper\'s death, Louisa is a millionaire. She travels to Paris, where she meets Larry Flint . Avant-garde art dominates Flint\'s life, including a chimpanzee that paints. One of his projects is a "Sonic Palette", a machine that paints by sound, a "fusion of man and machine -- the only positive statement in art that is being made today!" Louisa falls in love with Flint\'s attitude of "Money corrupts. Art erupts!" and marries him. She enters into his bohemian lifestyle while renouncing her secret millions. An erotic foreign-film spoof shows the sheet-clad pair making love in progressively smaller bathtubs and on a bed. Flint\'s minimalist abstracts are just good enough to keep them fed. Louisa idly suggests having the machine paint to Felix Mendelssohn\'s Spring Song -- thus leading to the creation of a masterpiece. Flint becomes famous by having the machine "paint" more music, and thus increasingly obsessed with all the money coming into his life. He builds more Sonic Palettes to paint a giant work of art, but the machines wind up turning on their creator by first staking and beating him to death before they self-destruct, which ends up killing him. Louisa is richer but more depressed. After missing a flight back to the States, she meets an already wealthy magnate named Rod Anderson , who offers her a lift on his jet, Melissa. After discovering the softer, kinder man under the business-magnate veneer he projects, she convinces herself that it might be easier to love a rich man since she can\'t make him any richer and inadvertently cause his death. To paraphrase Louisa\'s narrative, it is "like one of those lush budget films where it\'s all about what she\'s going to wear next." This fantasy segment is full of Edith Head\'s over-the-top costumes and ends with Mitchum and MacLaine making love in a huge champagne glass. Despite his happy retreat into marriage, Rod discovers he\'s actually gotten richer while neglecting his industry. Just as he vows to find out who is responsible for making his company successful WITHOUT him, Louisa discovers Melissa was a prize cow he raised in his youth. Louisa convinces Rod to sell everything and retire to the type of small farm he lived on during his childhood. The good news is that Rod never neglects her. However, a slightly-tipsy Rod makes a fateful mistake by trying to milk his bull, Melrose. The unhappy steer kicks Rod through the barn wall, presumably breaking his neck, and leaves Louisa a widow yet again, and now fantastically wealthy. Louisa wanders the States alone. In a cafe called the Cauliflower Ear in a podunk town, she meets Pinky Benson , a customer who charms her with silly dances and rhymes in the manner of Pinky Lee. She learns he\'s been a performer at the Cauliflower Ear for 14 years. Pinky invites her to come see him perform. She sees that his clown act is tolerated because he doesn\'t distract from the serving of food or liquor. Louisa is charmed by Pinky\'s satisfaction with his simple lot in life, seeing it as mirroring her own desires. She marries him. One night, she suggests that Pinky perform without his clown makeup, and suddenly the customers notice his talent. In short order, Pinky becomes a Hollywood movie star. Once again Louisa is neglected by a husband obsessed with fame. An all-pink mansion is among Pinky\'s obsessions, as is Louisa\'s appearance at a movie screening in an all-pink chinchilla coat and a pink wig. Pinky\'s adoring public stampede him at the premiere, trampling him to death into an early grave . Louisa has told the psychiatrist her sad tale. He turns and begs her to marry him, just as a familiar-looking janitor comes into the office. In an attempt to lower the psychiatrist\'s chair that Robert Cummings\' character is stuck in, she winds up letting him drop from ceiling-height, knocking him out cold, reviving him by throwing a bucket of water on him. She then turns and makes the happy discovery that the janitor is Leonard Crawley, who has lost everything and is now leading a poor, simple life that she can share. As the doctor comes to, he sees Louisa and Leonard kissing passionately, which causes him to pass out again. In the end, several years later, we see a happy and no-longer-curse-weary Louisa with several children in a quaint house, while Leonard sits in his running tractor reading Thoreau. The tractor slowly grinds itself into the ground and strikes oil. Thinking her "curse" has finally resurfaced, a devastated Louisa runs to her husband just as a man in coveralls runs up and starts berating Leonard for hitting an underground oil pipe with his tractor. Relieved, Louisa hugs and kisses Leonard as both are showered by the erupting oil.'] ["The Bug's first victims are square record moguls Lawrence Milk and Jive Davis, who are hypnotized or otherwise prodded into killing themselves, and  'Scream' Dorsey, whose car is simply taken over and then run off a cliff. The Bug, his henchmen and henchwomen  are opposed by the J-Men, a group of government agents hired by the legendary J. Eager Believer. Besides the Chief and his bumbling sidekick, Agent Barton, the J-Men include Agents Spike, Claire and Lance, Buzz Cufflink, James Armhole, Rocket Jock , the Lone Star , the Caped Madman (clips from [[Captain Marvel , Spy Swatter (clips from [[Spy Smasher , Sleeve Coat, Juicy Withers, and Admiral Balzy. Many of them appear to die horrible, inescapable deaths in the course of the film. The J-Men work in cooperation with the F.C.C. , opposing the Lightning Bug with Muzac , then with a bomb to blow up the Lightning Bug's base on the Moon. However, the Lightning Bug beats them to it, by turning his stereo up too loud and blowing up the Moon himself. At the end of the film, Agent Barton mournfully recites the list of J-Men who supposedly gave their lives in the epic struggle against the Bug. The Chief laughs, then starts choking on a cigar he is smoking. After he stops choking, The Chief points out that J-Men are flexible enough to survive any life-threatening situation, and the final clips  show exactly how each J-Man escaped their particular peril."] ['Matt, Fred, and Deacon are three high school teenagers who are obsessed with sex, but unable to obtain it. Frustrated at being restricted to fantasy and voyeurism, they decide to film a pornographic movie, in order to gain access to women, money and social standing. Fred  steals credit card records from one of his father\'s patients, and posing as adults, they purchase a web hosting service for After School Special—a site "by virgins, for virgins". Masquerading as Hawaiians vacationing in Cleveland, they cast local strippers. Jake , their popular classmate and Deacon\'s neighbor, learns of their plan, and convinces the trio to cast him in their film. However, Jake has difficulty performing on cue. The female lead, Ashley , agrees to help and casually masturbates him, but Jake experiences premature ejaculation, gets upset and confiscates the film. He is eventually replaced with Coop , an older student. Meanwhile, Deacon  finds the courage to talk to the popular Naomi  during a party. In a subsequent party, Jake, whom Naomi recently dumped, tries to humiliate Deacon in front of her, but this act only draws the sympathetic Naomi closer to Deacon. A fire during the filming sends everyone—including a topless Ashley—out of Deacon\'s basement and right into the kitchen where his family is. Deacon tells them Ashley is his girlfriend. To his surprise, Ashley agrees to stay for dinner. Naomi soon arrives and introduces herself as Deacon\'s girlfriend. She leaves upon meeting Deacon\'s "other girlfriend", but Deacon then tells Naomi the truth. She asks to be added to his film crew as a consultant on the female perspective. She thinks the purposely nerdy character of Coop should be well dressed and perhaps a foreign exchange student. This causes a rift with Matt and Fred, a conflict that causes Ashley to leave. Naomi takes Deacon shopping for more appealing clothes and says he does not need "those boys" anymore. Despite this, Deacon apologizes to Matt and Fred. They consider halting production, but Ashley insists she needs the film in order to have a reel, and convinces them to resume production. After completing the filming, the guys decide to quit making porn. At a party, Ashley says the reel she now has gave her and Coop a contract proposal. Deacon gently breaks up with Naomi. An angry Jake then says he mailed his scene to Deacon\'s parents. A local porn producer  kidnaps Deacon and his friends as he thinks they are hurting his business. To avoid bodily harm, they promise to hand over everything on the condition that they receive a lifetime supply of porn and that the youthful spirit of After School Special is retained. The tape is stolen by Deacon\'s brother, who blackmails Deacon for it. At school, Fred and Matt lament that they still have neither money, power nor women. Deacon reunites with his ex-girlfriend Rachael. Two attractive girls hit on Fred and Matt due to their new rumored sexual knowledge. Jake refuses to stop humiliating Deacon and therefore has his embarrassing scene played over the school\'s monitors. The local porn producer/actor compensates them with convertibles. The closing scene shows Deacon\'s parents in bed, watching the porno that the boys had made. As the character played by Coop moves his head, Deacon\'s father sees a picture of their family and exclaims, "Is that our basement?"'] ['The Great Leslie  and Professor Fate  are competing daredevils at the turn of the 20th century. Leslie is the classic hero in white, handsome, courteous, talented, and successful; Fate is the traditional melodramatic villain, Leslie\'s nemesis, dressed in black, sporting a black moustache and top hat, and dogged by failure. Leslie proposes an automobile race from New York to Paris, to prove a new car, the Leslie Special. Fate builds his own race vehicle, the Hannibal Twin-8, complete with hidden devices of sabotage. Others enter cars in the race, including New York City\'s most prominent newspaper. Driving the newspaper\'s car is beautiful photojournalist Maggie DuBois , a vocal suffragette. The six-car race begins, but Fate\'s sidekick Maximilian Meen  has sabotaged three other cars . The surviving teams are Leslie with his loyal mechanic Hezekiah Sturdy , Maggie DuBois driving by herself, and Fate and Max. The newspaper\'s car breaks down and Maggie accepts a lift in the Leslie Special. Fate arrives first at a refueling point, a small frontier town where the racers see a variety show featuring singer Lilli Olay . A local outlaw named "Texas Jack"  becomes jealous of Olay and a saloon brawl ensues. Fate steals the fuel he needs and destroys the rest. Maggie convinces Leslie to carry her after tricking Hezekiah and pretending he has quit. The two remaining cars reach the Bering Strait and park side-by-side in a blinding snowstorm. Keeping warm during the storm, Leslie and Maggie begin to see each other as more than competitors. Mishaps compel all four racers to warm themselves in Leslie\'s car. They awake on a small ice floe which drifts into their intended Russian port, where Hezekiah is waiting for Leslie. Maggie is snatched by Fate, who drives off in the lead. After driving across Asia, both cars enter a small kingdom whose Crown Prince Hapnick  is a double for Fate. Usurpers under the leadership of Baron Rolf von Stuppe  and General Kuhster  kidnap the Prince as well as Fate\'s party. Fate is forced to masquerade as the Prince during the coronation, so that the Baron and the General can gain control of the kingdom. Max escapes, and he and Leslie rescue the others. Leslie bests Von Stuppe in a sword fight. The dueling expands into an extended pie fight involving all the racers. As the five leave the small kingdom with Maggie now back in Leslie\'s car, it becomes a straight road race to Paris. Nearing Paris, Leslie and Maggie have a spirited argument regarding the roles of men and women in relationships. Leslie stops his car just short of the finish line under the Eiffel Tower to prove that he loves Maggie more than he cares about winning the race. Fate drives past to claim the winner\'s mantle, but after a brief triumph becomes indignant that Leslie let him win. Fate demands a rematch: a race back to New York. The film ends with the start of the return race, with newlyweds Leslie and Maggie now a team. Fate lets them start first, then attempts to destroy their car, accidentally bringing down the Eiffel Tower instead.'] ['In the year 1750, England is rife with crime and highway robbers. In order to stop the wave of chaos, King George sets up the first professional police force named the Bow Street Runners, under the command of the bellowing Sir Roger Daley , and seconded by Captain Desmond Fancey  and Sergeant Jock Strapp ([[Jack Douglas . The Runners are apparently successful in wiping out crime and lawlessness – using all manner of traps and tricks to round the criminals up. However their main target is the notorious Richard "Big Dick" Turpin , a highwayman who has evaded capture and succeeded in even robbing Sir Roger and his prim wife  of their money and clothing. After this humiliation, Turpin becomes the Bow Street Runners\' most wanted man, and thus Captain Fancey is assigned to go undercover and catch the famous Dick Turpin and bring him to justice. The Bow Street Runners nearly succeed in apprehending Turpin and his two partners in crime, Harriet  and Tom , one evening as they hold up a coach carrying faux-Frenchwoman Madame Desiree , and her not so virginal daughters, "The Birds of Paradise." However, Turpin manages to overpower the Runners and flee. Outraged by Strapp\'s incompetence, Captain Fancey travels with the sergeant to the province of Denture, where the majority of Turpin\'s hold-ups are carried out. There they encounter the mild-mannered Reverend Flasher, who is really Turpin in disguise, with Tom as his church assistant and Harriet as his maidservant. They confide in the rector their true identities and their scheme to apprehend Turpin. They agree to meet at the seedy Old Cock Inn, a notorious hang-out for criminals and sleazy types, and where Desiree and her showgirls are performing. Fancey and Strapp pose as two on the run crooks - and Strapp dubs his superior "Dandy Desmond" - and they hear from the greasy old hag, Maggie , a midwife who removed buckshot from Turpin\'s buttock, that Turpin has a curious birthmark on his manhood. Strapp wastes no time in carrying out an inspection in the public convenience of the Old Cock Inn. When the rector arrives, he discovers their knowledge of the birthmark, and sweet talks Desiree into assisting him with the capture of "Turpin", whom the rector has told Desiree is actually Fancey, who is sitting downstairs in the bar. She lures him to her room and attempts to undress him, with the help of her wild daughters. The girls pull down his breeches but fail to find an incriminating birthmark, and Desmond staggers half-undressed into the bar. Strapp is also dumped into a horse trough for peeping at the men in the toilets. Strapp and Fancey send a message to Sir Roger about the birthmark, and are accosted by Harriet in disguise who tells them to meet Turpin that night at ten o\'clock. Meanwhile, Tom tells the local constable that he knows where Turpin will be that night - at the location Harriet told Strapp and Fancey to wait. Thus, they are imprisoned as Turpin and his mate, and Sir Roger is yet again robbed on his way to see the prisoners. However things fall apart when the rector\'s housekeeper, Martha Hoggett  begins to put two and two together when Mrs Giles , apparently sick and used for a cover-up story for Dick\'s raids, is seen fit and well at the church jumble sale. Later that day, Harriet is caught at the Old Cock Inn where Fancey, Strapp and Daley are meeting and Fancey recognises her as the "man" who conned them into being caught. She is chased into Desiree\'s room and is told to undress to show the infamous birthmark. However, they soon realise she is a woman and are prepared to let her go, but lock her up after Lady Daley recognises a bracelet that Harriet is wearing as one Turpin stole from her. With the net tightening, the Reverend Flasher gives an elongated sermon before outwitting his would-be captors and making a speedy getaway, with Harriett and Tom, across the border.'] ["The main plot involves Dr. Caligari's experiments with her patients at the C.I.A  where she transfers glandular brain fluids from one patient to another. Two of her main patients, Mr. Pratt, a cannibalistic serial killer, and Mrs. Van Houten, a nymphomanical housewife, are the primary subjects of her mindswapping. Mrs. Van Houten becomes the cannibal and Mr. Pratt the nymphomaniac; although, they seem to still retain some elements of themselves as well. Apparently Caligari's unconventional idea is to cure people by introducing equally opposite traits to balance out disturbed minds, but this is never implicitly stated in the film. Several other doctors, a married couple Mr & Mrs Lodger, become concerned with Caligari's experiments and approach Mrs. Lodgers father Dr. Avol who confronts Caligari only to fall victim to her mindswapping and receives an injection of Mrs. Van Houtens fluid turning him into a transvestite nymphomaniac. Sex is a very prominent theme throughout the movie, especially for Mrs. Van Houten who appears topless and performs masturbation at several points, but there are no hard core graphic scenes as this was released as an R rated feature. By the end of the film Mrs. Van Houten has injected Dr. Caligari with her own nymphomanical fluid and herself with Caligari's ancestor's  thus the patient becomes the doctor, the doctor becomes the patient and the inmates are left running the asylum."] ['Robin Hood, or Robin of Loxley , is captured during the Crusades and is imprisoned at Khalil Prison in Jerusalem. With the help of fellow inmate Asneeze , who is in for jaywalking, he escapes and frees the other inmates. Robin is asked by Asneeze to find his son, Ahchoo . Upon returning to England, he finds Ahchoo and discovers that Prince John ([[Richard Lewis  has assumed control while King Richard is away fighting in the Crusades. Unbeknownst to Richard, the prince is abusing his power. Robin returns to his family home, Loxley Hall, only to find it has been repossessed by John\'s men. His family\'s servant, Blinkin  informs Robin that his family members and pets have been killed as well. He vows to get his home back before all his family\'s things are taken. Robin recruits the large and ignorant Little John , and his friend Will Scarlet O\'Hara , to help regain his father\'s land and oust Prince John from the throne. On his quest, Robin also attracts the attention of Maid Marian , who wants to find the man who has the key to her heart . While Robin is training his band of tights-clad Merry Men, the spoonerism-spouting Sheriff of Rottingham , hires the Mafioso Don Giovanni  to assassinate Robin at the Spring Festival . Maid Marian hears of the evil plot, and sneaks out of her castle to warn Robin, accompanied by her frumpy German Lady-in-Waiting Broomhilde . The Sheriff and Don expect that Robin will not refuse a chance to participate in the tournament due to his pride, and Robin does as they expect. At the archery tournament, a disguised Robin makes it to the final round, where he unmasks himself. He then makes his shot but loses to his opponent. Robin calls this situation absurd and pulls out a copy of the movie\'s script to discover that he gets another shot. The Sheriff and Prince John then pull out their own copies and confirm this . After winning the tournament, Robin is arrested. Marian agrees to marry the Sheriff in exchange for Robin\'s life. The ceremony reveals the Sheriff\'s unimposing first name, Mervyn. Before she can say "I do", the castle is attacked by the Men in Tights, led by Little John, Ahchoo, Blinkin, and Will. They quickly free Robin and a battle ensues. However, Marian is carried off to the tower by the Sheriff, who wants to "deflower" her. Robin arrives and wins an intense sword fight, missing his sheath and accidentally running the sheriff through. Then the witch Latrine , Prince John\'s full-time cook and part-time adviser, saves him by giving him a magical lifesaver in exchange for agreeing to marry her. Before Robin and Marian "celebrate" in her bedroom, Broomhilde arrives, insisting they get married first. Rabbi Tuckman  conducts the ceremony, but they are suddenly interrupted by King Richard , recently returned from the Crusades, who insists on sanctioning the marriage with a kiss to the new bride. He orders John to be taken away to the Tower of London and made part of the tour. He also announces that, due to the foul stench the prince has left over the kingdom, all the toilets are to be called "johns". All being as it should be, Robin and Marian are married and Ahchoo is made the new sheriff of Rottingham. When the crowd expresses its disbelief at a black sheriff, Ahchoo reminds them that it worked in Blazing Saddles. When the night comes, Maid Marian\'s chastity belt will not open with his key, so Robin calls a locksmith.'] ['At the start of the movie, the voice of Don LaFontaine talks about how Tarantino started a trend of extremely violent movies, and says that the time has come for much more wholesome, life-affirming movies — and he\'s cut off as someone shoots him. The body of the film contains the following intertwined plotlines: * Jimmy Nova and Julius are two exterminators, required to dress as hitmen; they work for Montello, who also owns a strip club. Jimmy is assigned by Montello to look after his wife, Mimi, while he\'s out of town; her over-eating and wild behavior get herself and Jimmy into one mess after another, including being imprisoned by a convenience store owner and his pet "gimp" Nell. Jimmy and Mimi eventually drive off to Mexico together. * Some of Montello\'s strippers concoct a plan to steal Montello\'s money; they disguise themselves as nuns and use fake names, including Sister Sister, Sister Sledge, and Sister Bertrille. The plan goes awry, and one of the nuns is wounded. As trust between the criminals breaks down, they all draw weapons on each other , but suddenly they\'re all gunned down by film director Crispin Maraschino, who\'s making a movie in the next room and doesn\'t want to be disturbed. * Nicky and Vallory Cox, a pair of tag-team wrestlers called the Natural Blonde Killers, blame their lot on a terrible movie made about them by Gulliver Stone. They steal a seemingly valuable suitcase from Montello and go into hiding; while on the run, Nicky accidentally leaves the suitcase in a booth at The Independent Cafe, a theme restaurant whose theme is independent films. The two of them go back to retrieve it, and find themselves in a showdown with Julius . The contents of the suitcase turn out to be an old Welcome Back, Kotter lunch box and several orange glow sticks. The Coxes both wind up shot by Julius. * Bunny Roberts has written a violent film that Crispin Maraschino is directing, but he doesn\'t have a copy of the script; she sends her friend Bumpkin to deliver her last copy to Maraschino. As Bumpkin runs to the studio, he occasionally bumps into the other characters, each time dropping the script pages and having to pick them up again. When he finally gets to the studio, the script is a convoluted mess, and Maraschino loves it; the title is revealed to be Plump Fiction. Bunny, meanwhile, winds up dead in the showdown between Julius and the Coxes. After the credits, a server at the Independent Cafe  looks into the camera and says, "This has been one long, mixed-up, crazy, out-of-sequence kind of day!"'] ['The movie is presented as two parts of a double feature, the titles being Tonya: The Battle of Wounded Knee and He Never Gave Me Orgasm: The Lenora Babbitt Story.  Figure skater Tonya Hardly , desperate to win the gold medal in the Olympics, tries to eliminate competitor Nancy Cardigan  by hiring someone to injure her; although she only suffers a small bruise. The news story is so tragic and heart-wrenching that all of Tonya\'s co-conspirators turn themselves in and finger her. Sailing above the scandal, she goes on to compete at the 1994 Winter Olympics, but is undone by her lack of talent and undersized panties.  Lenora Babbitt , having been recently pardoned for her crimes, tells Dick Langley  about the events that had led up to her arrest: She had cut off the penis of her drunken husband, Juan Wayne Babbitt , because he couldn\'t satisfy her sexually. After it was devoured by a dog, Dr. Kelloc  was able to transplant one from a deceased biker. However, Lenora learns that the biker\'s widow  now has "visitation rights" to it; thus, when she and Juan perform a re-enactment of the incident on TV, she actually cuts off his new one. He ends up becoming a transsexual, saying on talk shows that he now understands how hard it is to be a woman.  The movie includes animated sequences in which Tonya and Lenora are watching the picture at a drive-in theater. They arrive together in a car at the beginning, Tonya cheers after the first feature, and the two grinning women drive off at the end.'] ['{{Plot}} In an unspecified future , Barbarella  is assigned by the President of Earth ([[Claude Dauphin  to retrieve Doctor Durand Durand  from the planet Tau Ceti. Durand Durand is the inventor of the Positronic Ray, a weapon. Earth is now a peaceful planet, and weapons are unheard of. Because Tau Ceti is an unknown region of space there is the potential for the weapon to fall into the wrong hands. Donning the first of many outfits, Barbarella sets out to find the missing scientist. She crashes on Tau Ceti, on an icy plain. Barbarella is soon knocked unconscious by two mysterious girls who hit her on the forehead with a snowball and then capture her. Barbarella is taken to the wreckage of a spaceship called the Alpha 1. Inside the wreckage, she is tied up and several children emerge from within the ship. They set out several dolls which have razor sharp teeth. As the dolls begin to bite her, Barbarella faints but is rescued by Mark Hand , the Catchman, who patrols the ice looking for errant children. While taking her back to her ship, Barbarella offers to reward Mark and he asks to make love to her. She reveals that people on Earth no longer have penetrative intercourse, but make love by consuming exaltation transference pills, and pressing their palms together when their "psychocardiograms are in perfect harmony". Hand prefers the bed, and Barbarella agrees. Hand\'s vessel makes long loops around Barbarella\'s crashed vessel while the two make love, and when it finally comes to a stop, Barbarella is blissfully humming. Hand repairs her ship, and Barbarella departs, promising to return, and agreeing that doing things the old-fashioned way is sometimes best. Barbarella\'s ship burrows through the planet, coming out next to a vast labyrinth. Upon emerging from her ship, she is knocked unconscious by a rockslide. She is found by a blind angel named Pygar . He states he is the last of the ornithanthropes, and that he has lost the ability to fly. Barbarella discovers the labyrinth is a prison for people cast out of Sogo, the City of Night. Pygar introduces her to Professor Ping , who offers to repair her ship. Ping also notes that Pygar is capable of flight, but merely lacks the will. After Pygar saves her from the Black Guards, Barbarella shows her thanks by making love to him. As she hums to herself in his nest afterwards, Pygar soars overhead, having regained his will to fly. Pygar flies Barbarella to Sogo, using some of the weaponry she brought with her to destroy the city\'s guards. Sogo is a decadent city ruled over by the Great Tyrant and powered by a liquid essence of evil called the Mathmos. Barbarella is briefly separated from Pygar, and meets a one-eyed wench who saves her from being assaulted by two of Sogo\'s residents. Barbarella soon reunites with Pygar and the two are taken by the Concierge  to meet the Great Tyrant. Pygar is left to become the Great Tyrant\'s plaything, while Barbarella is placed in a cage, to be pecked to death by birds . Barbarella is rescued by Dildano , leader of the resistance to the Great Tyrant. Barbarella eagerly offers to reward him. As she begins to remove her torn suit, Dildano says he has the pill, and wants to experience love the Earth way. Dildano offers to help Barbarella find Durand Durand in exchange for her help in deposing the Great Tyrant. Barbarella is given an invisible key to the Tyrant\'s Chamber of Dreams, the only place she is vulnerable. Barbarella is captured by the Concierge and she is placed inside the Excessive Machine. As the Concierge begins to play, Barbarella experiences increasing pleasure, and her clothing is expelled from the machine. The Concierge tells her when they reach the crescendo, she will die of pleasure. He then begins to play faster and more furiously, while Barbarella writhes in ecstasy inside the machine. Eventually, the machine overloads and burns out, unable to keep up with her. Barbarella then discovers the Concierge is none other than Durand Durand, aged thirty years due to the Mathmos. Durand Durand traps Barbarella in the Tyrant\'s Chamber of Dreams, taking both keys and locking them inside. As he prepares to crown himself lord of Sogo, Dildano launches his revolution. Durand Durand uses his Positronic Ray to decimate the rebels. The Great Tyrant then releases the Mathmos, which consumes all of Sogo and Durand Durand with it. Barbarella and the Great Tyrant are protected from the Mathmos by Barbarella\'s innate goodness. They emerge from the Mathmos to find Pygar. Pygar then flies Barbarella and the Tyrant away from the Mathmos. When asked by Barbarella why he saved the Tyrant after everything she had done to him, Pygar responds, "An angel has no memory."'] ["Alphie  and Bibi , two youths from Moose Jaw, Saskatchewan in Canada, travel to America to take part in the 1994 Worldvision Song Festival. Despite being the most talented performers, they are beaten by BIM  and its leader, Mr. Boogalow , who use underhanded tactics to secure a victory. The duo are approached by Mr. Boogalow to sign to his music label, but soon discover the darker side of the music industry. Bibi is caught up in the wild lifestyle BIM offers, while Alphie risks his life to free her from the company's evil clutches. He eventually convinces her to run away with him and the pair live as hippies for several years  before being tracked down by Mr. Boogalow who insists he owns Bibi's soul. However, the two are saved by the Rapture, and all good souls are taken away by Mr. Topps ."] ['The dim-witted but good-natured Derek Elijah Zoolander is ousted as the top male fashion model by the rising star, Hansel McDonald, and his reputation is further tarnished by a critical article from journalist Matilda Jeffries. After his three flatmates and colleagues are killed in a "freak gasoline-fight accident", Derek announces his retirement from modeling and attempts to reconnect with his father Larry and brothers by helping in the coal mines. Derek\'s delicate methods make him an impractical miner, and his family rejects him. Meanwhile, fashion mogul Jacobi Mugatu, and model agent Maury Ballstein are charged by the fashion industry to find a model that can be brainwashed to assassinate the new progressive-leaning Prime Minister of Malaysia, allowing them to retain cheap child labor in the country. Though Mugatu has previously refused to work with Derek for any show, Derek accepts Mugatu\'s offer to star in the next runway show. Mugatu takes Derek to his headquarters, masked as a day spa, where Derek is conditioned to attempt the assassination when the song "Relax" by Frankie Goes to Hollywood is played. Matilda, who felt partially responsible for Derek\'s retirement, is suspicious of Mugatu\'s offer, and tipped off by an anonymous caller, tries to enter the spa, but is thrown out. Matilda tries to voice her concerns to Derek once he leaves, but he ignores her. Matilda follows Derek to a pre-runway show, where he loses to Hansel in a "walk-off" judged by David Bowie. Matilda receives another anonymous call to meet at a nearby cemetery. Matilda along with Derek find the anonymous caller is hand model J.P. Prewett, who explains that the fashion industry has been behind several political assassinations, and the brainwashed models are soon killed after they have completed their task  Before J.P. can explain more, Katinka, Mugatu\'s chief henchwoman, and her aides attack the group, forcing Derek and Matilda to flee. They decide to go to Hansel\'s home, the last place they believe Mugatu will think to look, and Derek and Hansel resolve their differences while partaking of Hansel\'s collection of narcotics and participating in group sex with Matilda and others. While recovering, Derek also finds that he is falling in love with Matilda. Derek and Hansel break into Maury\'s offices to find evidence of the assassination plot, but cannot operate his computer to find them. Derek leaves for the show, Hansel following later with the computer in hand, believing that, as told to him by Matilda "the files are inside the computer". Matilda tries to intercept Derek before the show, but Katinka thwarts her attempt. As Derek takes the runway, Mugatu\'s disc jockey starts playing "Relax", activating Derek\'s mental programming. Before Derek can reach the Prime Minister, Hansel breaks into the DJ booth, and switches the music to Herbie Hancock\'s "Rockit", breaking Derek\'s conditioning. Hansel and the DJ have a brief fight before Hansel eventually unplugs the system, moments before Derek was about to snap the Prime Minister\'s neck. Mugatu attempts to cover up the incident, but Hansel offers Maury\'s computer as evidence, smashing it to the ground which he believes would release the incriminating files. Though the evidence is destroyed, Maury steps forward and reveals he had backed up the files, and offers to turn over the evidence of the assassination plot after years of guilt for his complicity in the conspiracy. Mugatu attempts to kill the Prime Minister himself by throwing a shuriken, but Derek stops him by unleashing his ultimate model look, "Magnum", that stuns everyone and literally causes the shuriken to freeze in the air before harmlessly falling to the ground. Mugatu is arrested, and Derek is thanked by the Prime Minister. At Derek\'s hometown, Larry proudly acknowledges his son\'s achievement. In the film\'s dénouement, Derek, Hansel, and Maury have left the fashion industry to start "The Derek Zoolander Center for Kids Who Can\'t Read Good and Wanna Learn to Do Other Stuff Good Too". Derek and Matilda are shown as now having a son named Derek Zoolander, Jr., who has already developed his first modeling look.'] ['Derwin and Derick are trench-coat wearing neo-Nazis from deprived families. When Derwin is assaulted by jocks, he and Derick form a plan to kill students at their school and then commit suicide. The pair buy two shotguns and several handguns from a black market dealer. The next day they open fire in the cafeteria, killing several people, before going to the basement, where they simultaneously kill each other. A police officer and the school principal enter the school to find a bomb . When the cop attempts to defuse it, it is implied that the bomb explodes.'] ["Stratten played a lifelike, voluptuous android named Galaxina who is assigned to oversee the operations of an intergalactic Space Police cruiser captained by incompetent Cornelius Butt . When a mission requires the ship's crew to be placed in suspended animation for decades, Galaxina finds herself developing emotions and falling in love with the ship's pilot, Thor , as he and the other crew sleep."] ['An inept Foreign Office  diplomat  is sent to re-establish good relations with the mineral-rich British Pacific island colony of Gaillardia that has been forgotten for 50 years.'] ['The film opens with pub landlord and frequent holidaymaker Vic Flange  openly flirting with the sassy saucepot, Sadie Tompkins  as his battleaxe wife, Cora , looks on with disdain. Their twitching friend, Harry ([[Jack Douglas  arrives and lets slip that the package holiday Vic has booked to the Mediterranean island Els Bels  also includes Sadie, much to Cora\'s outrage. Cora, who avoids holidays because she hates flying, suddenly decides to accompany her boorish husband on the trip, to ensure he keeps away from Sadie. The next day, Stuart Farquhar , the representative of Wundatours Travel Agency, and his seductive assistant, Moira Plunkett , welcome the motley passengers. Among them the henpecked and love-starved Stanley Blunt  and his prudish, overbearing wife, Evelyn ; a drunken, bowler-hatted mummy\'s boy, Eustace Tuttle ([[Charles Hawtrey ; brash Scotsman, Bert Conway ; young and beautiful friends Marge and Lily ; and Brother Bernard , a timid young monk who has difficultly fitting into his new path of life. Unfortunately, upon their arrival they discover their hotel is only half-finished; the builders have just quit suddenly for unspecified reasons, leaving the remaining five floors unfinished. Distraught manager Pepe  desperately tries to run the place in a myriad of different guises - the manager, the doorman and the porter - and the chef is his shrewish wife, Floella , who battles repeatedly with the temperamental stove while their Lothario son Georgio idles behind the bar. The hotel also hides an assortment of faults and Pepe is soon overrun with complaints: Vic discovers Sadie naked in his shower; Lily and Marge\'s wardrobe has no back to it, allowing them to be accidentally seen by Brother Bernard in the opposite room; sand pours out of Moira\'s taps; the lavatory drenches Bert. The phone system itself is faulty and the guests end up complaining to each other for much of the time. Nevertheless, Stuart is determined to ensure everyone has a good time. Dinner the first night is foul and made even more unpleasant by an arrival of mosquitos. Although agreeing to play leapfrog with Tuttle, Lily and Marge have their eyes on other things. Marge takes a shine to Brother Bernard, while Lily lures the dashing Nicholas  away from his jealous  friend, Robin , and Marge and Brother Bernard develop an innocent romance. Meanwhile, Stanley Blunt attempts to seduce Cora whilst his nagging wife is not present, but Cora is more interested in keeping Vic away from Sadie, who grows fond of Bert Conway. While most of the party go off to the village, Stanley ensures his wife is left behind so that he can spend the day attempting to woo Cora. Vic samples a local drink, "Santa Cecelia\'s Elixer", which blesses the drinker with x-ray vision and he is able to see through women\'s clothing. However, the tourists are arrested for causing a riot at Madame Fifi\'s  local brothel; left-behind Evelyn is seduced by Georgio, which leads to her abandoning her frigid manners. In the local prison, Miss Plunkett seduces the Chief of Police, and the tourists are released. Back at the hotel, Mrs Blunt resumes her sex life with a surprised Stanley. The last night in the hotel starts as a success, with all the guests at ease with each other thanks to the punch being spiked with Santa Cecelia\'s Elixer. Midway through the night it begins to rain, and the hotel is shown to have been constructed on a dry river bed - as the hotel begins to collapse Pepe finally loses his patience and sanity with the guests, who party on, oblivious to the disintegrating hotel. The film shifts forward an unspecified period of time, and shows an Els Bels reunion at Vic & Cora\'s pub. All the guests are happy and reminisce about the holiday they barely survived.'] ["Gino is a humble shoe-shiner in Chicago who is contacted by a Mafia don and offered a large sum of money to take the rap for a murder committed by another gangster. Gino agrees, planning to buy a fishing boat with the money he will earn after the three-year sentence. While preparing for his court confession, Gino is watched over by Jerry, a bottom-rung gangster who has recently gotten into trouble for failing to follow orders. After a short and boring stay at a local hotel, Jerry decides to give Gino one last weekend to remember at Lake Tahoe before he goes to prison. After arriving at their casino, Jerry's tall tales and Gino's quiet dignity quickly get Gino mistaken for a wealthy and powerful mafioso, leading to complications for both men."] ['The film begins with young Gascon Dog running on the road to Paris and singing that he is "provincial yet principled", "unknown, but direct and honest", and "if service, let it be service to the king". He sees two carriages and a beautiful bichon nearby. Anne of Austria, sitting unseen inside one carriage, hands a diamond necklace to the Duke of Buckingham. Then both carriages leave the place. The whole sceen is seen by red cat Milady, who reports on the meeting to a Cardinal Richelieu\'s gray cat . Following the royal carriage, the Dog meets three dog musketeers in blue Musketeers of the Guard costumes: the Fatty , the Handsome  and the nameless Athos. The dogs get into an argument with the newcomer, but their quarrel is quickly interrupted by a throng of Cardinal\'s cats. The dogs, despite being greatly outnumbered, win the ensuing fight and become the best friends. The musketeer dogs tell D\'Artagnan that the beautiful bichon is the favorite dog of Anne of Austria . D\'Artagnan sneak into the king\'s palace and reveals his feeling to the bichonm singing that "I am not thoroughbred, which is a minus, but I am noble hearted, and that is a plus" and that he is "ready to fight a dozen cats" for her. In response, the bichon asks for his help. She explains that Queen is in trouble, because at the next ball she is expected to wear a diamond necklace presented to the Duke of Buckingham. The ball is tomorrow, but the diamonds have already left France. The bichon gives d\'Artagnan the Duke\'d glove to track his scent. D\'Artagnan rushes to England immediately and three musketeers follow him. Richelieu\'s gray cat orders to stop them at all costs. Milady arranges several traps: "the Fatty" is lured by a chain of sausages into a cat ambush; "the Handsome", who dreams of becoming a herding dog, is distracted with a herd of sheep who turn out to be cats in sheep skins; Athos stays behind to fight a cat gang chasing the dogs and buy his friend precious time. D\'Artagnan alone finally arrives to England. Trying to find the Buckingham\'s palace he meets English Dog Detective, but after smelling the glove the Detective is only able to determine that "it belongs to a human", who "carries a heavy oak stick". Finally, the Duke\'s Foxhound helps d\'Artagnan to find the way. He steals diamond necklace from Buckingham\'s palace, defeats Milady and returns just in time for the ball. Anne of Austria\'s reputation is unblemished. He wins Bichon\'s heart, rejoin with friends and earns a blue musketeer costume.'] ["A stranger in town meets pretty young Susan Martinez De La Cruz and accompanies her to a barbecue, where wealthy Jason Carberry is saying a few words for the recently departed Robin Randall, a citizen who got shot. Jason objects to the stranger's presence, being Susan's guardian and protective of her. He challenges him to a shootout, but the stranger pulls his pistol before Jason's can even clear the holster. Calaveras Kate, a saloon singer who's in love with Jason, is relieved when the stranger declines to pull the trigger. Rafael Moreno suddenly rides into town and picks a fight with the stranger. Their brawl continues until the arrival of Judge Wallace Wintrop and his niece, Sheila, who have come to town from back East and deplore all this random violence out West. The stranger is recognized as Reb Randall, the dead man's brother. He is looking for the killer, who could be Rafael, or could be Jason, or could even be Billy Buckett, the coward of the county. The women hold their breath to see if the men they love will survive."] ['The short film is a faux trailer for another forthcoming Peanuts television special, and parodies the aforementioned series of Peanuts specials. The "special" is said to be due for broadcast on Tuesday night at 8.00pm, and was sponsored by a foods company called "Madison Barns, makers of ding-dongs, swinkies, poop tarts and wussy cakes". The Great Pumpkin puts a bounty on Charlie Brown\'s head, prompting the entire Peanuts cast to try to kill him. Lucy tries to get Charlie Brown to kick a bomb disguised as a football, Schroeder dumps his  piano on Charlie Brown\'s head, Snoopy bites off his hand , the Kite Eating Tree falls on him, and Linus strangles him with his blanket . Finally tired of running, Charlie Brown suddenly dons a mohawk and arms himself with a pump action shotgun, a submachine gun, and an M16 Assault Rifle. Announcing that "Happiness is a warm uzi", in a thick Germanic accent reminiscent of Arnold Schwarzenegger, he systematically kills off the entire Peanuts cast one by one. The film then goes on a strange montage in which Charlie Brown guns down everyone in his way: scores of Mexican bandidos, a Wehrmacht machine gun nest behind which Adolf Hitler is painting a picture, and a man exercising . This is followed by his innocent sister, Sally, being decapitated by gunfire. Following this is a montage of a small dragon breathing flame, Pig Pen vomiting profusely in Violet\'s face, two biplanes colliding in midair, Dagwood Bumstead getting kicked in the groin by his wife, Blondie, which causes his head to pop off, resulting in another blood gush, Mickey Mouse getting hit over the head by a lead pipe, Rocky Balboa getting punched in the face by Popeye, and Godzilla squeezing Dr Pepper out of a giant soda can. It ends with a cigarette smoking Charlie Brown in bed with the Little Red-Haired Girl , who asks Charlie Brown to turn off the bedroom light.Bring Me The Head of Charlie Brown! The song "Charlie Brown" by The Coasters plays over the ending credits . The credits end with a note from Jim Reardon: "The creator of this picture wishes to state that he does not in any way wish to tarnish or demean the beloved characters of Charles M. "Dutch" Schultz\'s comic strip, "Peanuts". No malice or damage to their goodwill was intended. So please don\'t sue me, because it will drag through the courts for years, and I haven\'t got a lawyer - and besides, you\'ve already got half the money in the world, and I haven\'t got any. OK?"'] ['In 1937, Ulysses Everett McGill , Pete Hogwallop , and Delmar O\'Donnell  escape from a chain gang at Parchman Farm and set out to retrieve the $1.2 million in treasure that Everett claims to have stolen from an armored car and buried before his incarceration. They have only four days to find it before the valley in which it is hidden will be flooded to create Arkabutla Lake as part of a new hydroelectric project. Early in their escape, while still chained together, they try to jump onto a moving train with some hobos, but fall off due to Pete\'s inability to get on. They then encounter a blind man  traveling on a manual railroad car. They hitch a ride, and he foretells their futures. They "seek a great fortune" and they will "find a fortune, though it will not be the one they seek". They will also see many wonders on their journey, including a "cow on the roof of a cotton house". They walk to Pete\'s cousin\'s house, Wash Hogwallop , who removes their chains, but, because he needs the money, he then turns them in to the police, led by Sheriff Cooley . The authorities set the barn they are sleeping in ablaze, but the trio quickly escapes with the help of Wash\'s son. When they pass a congregation on the banks of a river, Pete and Delmar are enticed by the idea of baptism, to the immense derision of the skeptical Everett. As the journey continues, they travel briefly with a young guitarist named Tommy Johnson . When asked why he was at a crossroad in the middle of nowhere, he reveals that he sold his soul to the devil in exchange for the ability to play the guitar. Tommy describes the devil as being "White, as white as you folks ... with empty eyes and a big hollow voice. He love to travel around with a mean old hound". This description matches Sheriff Cooley. The four of them come across a radio station run by a blind man , and record the song "Man of Constant Sorrow", calling themselves the Soggy Bottom Boys. Unknown to them, the song becomes famous around the state. The trio part ways with Tommy after their car is discovered by police, and they continue on their own. Among their many encounters, the most notable are a bank robbery with the famous bank robber George Nelson , a run-in with three sirens who seduce and drug them, and a mugging by a one-eyed Bible salesman named Big Dan Teague . Everett and Delmar arrive in Everett’s home town only to find that Everett\'s wife, Penny , is engaged to Vernon T. Waldrip , campaign manager for gubernatorial candidate Homer Stokes . She refuses to take Everett back and is so ashamed of him that she has been telling their daughters he was killed by a train. While watching a film in a cinema, Everett and Delmar discover that Pete is still alive, the sirens having turned him in to collect the bounty on his head. After Everett and Delmar rescue him from jail, Pete tells them that he gave up the location of the treasure. Everett reveals that he was in prison for practicing law without a license and that there was never any treasure; he only mentioned it to persuade the other men to escape so he could reconcile with his wife. Pete is outraged at this news, primarily because he only had two weeks left on his original sentence, which has now been extended 50 years in light of his escape. The trio stumble upon a Ku Klux Klan rally, where Tommy is about to be lynched. The three disguise themselves as the color guard and attempt a rescue, but Big Dan reveals their identities, and chaos ensues, in which the Grand Wizard is revealed to be Stokes. The trio flee the scene with Tommy cutting the wires supporting a large burning cross, which falls on and incinerates some of the Klansmen . Everett convinces Pete, Delmar, and Tommy to help him win his wife back. Disguised as musicians, they sneak into a Stokes campaign dinner that she is attending. Everett tries to convince his wife that he is "bona fide", but she brushes him off. The group begins an impromptu musical performance, during which the crowd recognizes them as the Soggy Bottom Boys and goes wild. Stokes, on the other hand, recognizes them as the group who disgraced his lynch mob and shouts for the music to stop, angering the crowd. He denounces the Soggy Bottom Boys as hostile to the social order, but the crowd is unimpressed and runs him out of town on a rail. Pappy O\'Daniel , the sitting governor, seizes the opportunity and endorses the Soggy Bottom Boys, granting them a full pardon while the event is being played on the radio. Penny accepts Everett back, but she demands that he find her original ring if they are to be married. As they leave the dinner, they run into a mob taking a jubilant George Nelson to jail. Delmar comments, "Looks like George is right back on top again". The group sets out with Tommy to retrieve the ring, which is at a cabin in the valley that Everett originally claimed to have hidden the treasure in. When they arrive, the police order their arrest and hanging. Everett protests, stating that they had been pardoned on the radio, but Sheriff Cooley ignores their pleas, responding that where he comes from, "[they] don’t have a radio". The three begin to despair while Everett improvises a prayer to be saved. Suddenly, the valley is flooded and they are saved from hanging. Using their coffins as rafts, Pete and Delmar jubilantly praise God, while Everett dismisses the incident as luck. He pipes down, though, as a cow floats by on top of a submerged cotton house. Tommy finds the ring in a desk that he is floating on in the new lake, and they return to town. Everett and Penny walk through town with their daughters in tow, singing. Everett presents the ring to Penny, who promptly states that it is the wrong one and demands her ring back. As Everett protests the futility of trying to find it at the bottom of the lake, the blind man rolls by on his railway handcar, his voice joining those of the girls in song.'] ['In 1975, Duncan’s, a small-town fast food restaurant in Scotland, Pennsylvania, hosts a variety of workers. Joe “Mac” McBeth is passed over for a promotion to manager by Douglas McKenna, who has been embezzling the restaurant’s money. Three stoned hippies, one of whom is a fortune teller, inform McBeth that they see a bank drive-thru style restaurant in his future as management. McBeth and Pat McBeth rat McKenna out, and Duncan recognizes that McBeth has been contributing a lot of time and effort to the restaurant. Duncan shares with the McBeth’s his plans to turn his failing burger joint into a drive-through, and Mac realizes how much money this idea will make. He becomes promoted to assistant manager, and Mac accidentally hits him in the head with the refrigerator door. This gives Pat an idea, and as they are the only two who know about the blueprints for the plan, she decides they need to knock off Duncan through a fake robbery. The two attack Duncan to get his safe combination, and Mac hits Duncan and becomes distracted by a vision of the three hippies, causing Duncan to fall headfirst into the deep fryer, which splatters and burns Pat’s hand. Investigator McDuff comes and arrests a local homeless man, who Pat gave Duncan’s jewelry to, and Malcolm leaves the restaurant to McBeth as he is now wealthy and would rather play in a band than work. The McBeth’s immediately get to work putting Mac’s ideas into action, and the restaurant takes off. Investigator McDuff returns to Scotland when the homeless man is cleared, and the McBeth’s help to turn attention towards Malcolm. Banko, Mac’s friend, begins to question why he had never talked about the drive-thru idea before. Mac begins to become withdrawn and paranoid, and takes his friends on a hunting trip where he contemplates killing off Banko but sees the three hippies dressed as a deer and becomes distracted. Pat becomes obsessed with the burn mark and buys bottles of ointment and accuses people of staring at her revolting hand, though there is no mark. Mac kills Banko with the released homeless man’s gun, and the body is discovered while Mac gives a press conference on his newfound success to local TV stations. During the interview, Mac calls on his hallucination of Banko to answer a question and has a psychotic break as the town watches. Mac goes back to the woods to look for the hippies, and Pat thinks her hand is falling off. Mac completely loses his sanity, answering the phone and talking when no one is there, and has a conversation with the Hippies where they suggest he kill McDuff’s family. Mac takes the sheriff’s gun and gets him to call McDuff to the restaurant, where he tries to shoot McDuff only to find no bullets in the gun. They wrestle for the inspector’s gun, and both fall off the roof of the restaurant causing Mac to be impaled by the horns on the front of his car. Pat McBeth attempts to self-medicate with alcohol, then decides to cut her hand off, after which she bleeds to death. McDuff takes over the restaurant, fulfilling his dream of working with food.'] ['The film follows Ann Arbor Daily Telegram reporter Bob Wilton , whose wife leaves him for the newspaper\'s editor. Seeking an escape, Bob flies to Kuwait to report on the Iraq War and to prove to his wife and himself that he is a man. However, he stumbles onto the story of a lifetime when he meets a retired Special Forces operator, Lyn Cassady , who reveals that he was part of an American army unit training psychic spies  to develop a range of parapsychological skills including invisibility, remote viewing, and phasing. The back story is told mainly through flashbacks. In 1972, U.S. Army officer Bill Django , after accidentally falling out of a UH-1 Iroquois "Huey" helicopter in the Binh Duong province of Vietnam, found his men to be unable or unwilling to fire on a female Viet Cong soldier before she shot him in the chest. He then underwent a fact-finding mission prompted by a vision where the Viet Cong soldier says, "their gentleness is their strength." The bulk of Django\'s mission immersed him into the New Age movement so that, when he returned to Fort Bragg in 1980, he had long braided hair and a tattoo of a third eye surmounted on a pyramid on his chest. Facilitated by the open-minded General Hopgood ([[Stephen Lang , Django led the training of a New Earth Army, with Lyn Cassady and Larry Hooper  as his top students. The two quickly developed a lifelong rivalry because of their opposing views of how to implement the New Earth Army philosophy; Lyn wanted to emphasize the positive side of the teachings, whereas Larry was more interested in the "dark side". Prompted by a doodle in Bob\'s notebook , Lyn takes him into Iraq. They are kidnapped by criminals who want to sell them to the insurgents, but escape with fellow hostage Mahmud Daash  and are rescued by a private security detail led by Todd Nixon . When the detail is caught in a firefight, the three of them flee. Bob and Lyn then continue on Lyn\'s vague mission involving a vision he had of Bill Django. After taking the wrong fork in the road, their car hits an IED in the road. The other fork in the road, to the left, reads al-Qaim, Lyn\'s destination, but neither of them could read the Arabic on the roadsigns. Bob and Lyn wander in the desert where Lyn reveals that he had stopped a goat\'s heart to test the limit of his mental abilities, an action he feels has cursed him. As part of this curse, it is revealed that Hooper conducted an unauthorized LSD experiment in which a soldier killed himself, forcing Django out of the Army. Eventually, Bob and Lyn are rescued and rehabilitated at a camp run by PSIC, a private research firm engaged in psychological and psychic experiments on a herd of goats and some captured locals. To Lyn\'s dismay, Larry Hooper runs the firm and employs Django, now a depressed alcoholic. Bob spends time with Django and learns the ways of the New Earth Army. They spike the water and food of the base with LSD and free both the goats and captured locals. Following this, Lyn and Django fly off in a helicopter, never to be heard from again, disappearing into the sky "like all shamans". Bob returns to work as a reporter and writes an article about his entire experience with Lyn. However, he is frustrated in that the only portion of the story to be aired on the news is how the captives were forced to listen to 24 hours of the Barney & Friends theme song. This dilutes his story to the level of a joke, and Bob vows to continue trying to get the bigger story out. In the film\'s final scene, Bob exercises his own psychic abilities and, following intense concentration, runs through a solid wall in his office.'] ["Michele Abbagnano  ekes out a living by abusively selling coffee, hot milk and cappuccino on the night trains running between Naples and Vallo della Lucania; each night, his goods held in a set of vacuum flasks which he carries in a basket along with handfuls of sugar packets he steals from railway cafés, he moves from carriage to carriage peddling warm drinks to the dazed, sleepy passengers. The need to maintain his young son  in an institution and the hope to amass a large enough sum to have him undergo surgery to make him healthy for good is more than enough to keep Michele in his awkward and exhausting line of business, to which, however, he's exceptionally suited. Keen of eye and wit he manages to befriend most of the passengers on the night trains, helping them with small favours  and telling tall tales centered around his right arm, which he keeps wrapped in a long leather glove pretending it to be wooden. Michele tailors the stories to the people he's telling them to...pretending of having been a successful pianist who had his career ruined to a young cross-eyed man pining about having been rejected from the Carabinieri, telling how he saved orphanage boys from a roaring fire to the nun leading some schoolboys, narrating how he lost the limb to freezing on the Eastern Front to the WW2 veteran and so on. During one night of 'work' Michele will be chased across the train by a trio of conductors who have been ordered by the Ministry of Transports to put an end to his activities once and for all; he'll meet his son  and will cross paths with a trio of petty thieves decided to enroll him as an accomplice in their misdeeds."] ['Eddie "Hudson Hawk" Hawkins &nbsp;—&nbsp; "Hudson Hawk" is an expression that refers to the often bracing winds off of the Hudson river&nbsp;—&nbsp;is a master burglar and safe-cracker, attempting to celebrate his first day of parole from prison with a cappuccino. Before he can get it, he is blackmailed by various entities, including his own parole officer, a minor Newark Mafia family headed by the Mario brothers , and the CIA into doing several dangerous art heists with his singing partner in crime, Tommy "Five-Tone" Messina . The holders of the puppet strings turn out to be a "psychotic American corporation," Mayflower Industries, run by husband and wife Darwin  and Minerva Mayflower  and a blade-slinging butler, Alfred . The company, headquartered in the Esposizione Universale Roma  in Rome, seeks to take over the world by reconstructing "La Macchina dell\'Oro", a machine purportedly invented by Leonardo da Vinci  which converts lead into gold. A special assembly of crystals needed for the machine to function are hidden in a variety of Leonardo\'s artworks: the maquette of the Sforza, the Da Vinci Codex, and a scale model of DaVinci\'s helicopter design. Sister Anna Baragli  is an operative for a secretive Vatican counter-espionage agency, which has arranged with the CIA to assist in the Roman portion of Hawk\'s mission, though apparently intending all along to foil the robbery at St. Peter\'s Basilica. Throughout the adventure, Hudson is foiled in repeated attempts to drink a cappuccino. After blowing up an auctioneer to cover up the theft of the Sforza, the Mario Bros. take Hawk away inside an ambulance, but when Hawk sticks needles into Antony Mario\'s face they try to run him down , but are both killed when their driver crashes the ambulance due to the needles in Antony\'s face. Immediately afterwards, Hawk meets CIA head George Kaplan  and his CIA agents: Snickers , Kit Kat , Almond Joy , and Butterfinger , who take him to Darwin and Minerva Mayflower. Hawk successfully steals the Da Vinci Codex from another museum, but eventually refuses to steal the helicopter design, and Tommy Five-Tone fakes his death so they can escape. However, they are found and attacked by the CIA Agents. Kit Kat and Butterfinger take Anna to the castle. Tommy trips Snickers, causing his bomb launcher to shoot a bomb onto his head. Hudson and Tommy escape while Snickers and Almond Joy are killed when the bomb goes off. The film culminates in a showdown at Leonardo\'s castle, between the remaining CIA agents, the Mayflowers, and the team of Hudson, Five-Tone, and Baragli, to stop the Mayflowers from successfully operating the machine, during which Kit Kat and Butterfingers are betrayed and killed by Minerva. Tommy fights Darwin and Alfred inside Darwin\'s limo, while Hudson fights George Kaplan on the roof, and knocks him on top of the limo. Alfred, though wounded, jumps out of the limo with Darwin and plants a bomb on it, with Tommy trapped inside and George on the hood, and it explodes just as it falls over a cliff. Darwin and Minerva force Hawk to put together the crystal powering the machine, but Hawk intentionally leaves out one small piece. As a result, when the Mayflowers try the machine, it explodes and kills Minerva. In the battle that follows, Darwin is electrocuted and Hawk battles Alfred, and eventually decapitates him on his own blades. Hawk and Baragli escape the castle and discover that Tommy survived the crash due to airbags and sprinklers inside the limo. Hawk finally gets to enjoy a cappuccino.'] ['The movie takes place in the fictional city of Bay City, California in 1975. The story centers around two cops who eagerly work for the Bay City Police Department. The city has a distinctly southern California atmosphere to it and Bay City is very similar to Los Angeles. The two cops are, David Starsky  a loudmouth, wannabe macho cop who loves his Ford Gran Torino and is paired with the cool, easy going Ken \'Hutch\' Hutchinson . The two are wary of each other in the beginning. Jewish-American drug kingpin, Reese Feldman , and his partner-in-crime, Kevin , are planning to bring in a shipment of drugs worth millions of dollars. They have developed a new type of cocaine which is untraceable in scent and taste. When Feldman finds out that one of his drug pushers failed a drug transport operation, he kills him and leaves the body in the ocean. Starsky and Hutch are called to the scene where the body of the murdered pusher washes up a few days later. A clue from the dead man leads them to Feldman\'s house for questioning. Feldman denies any knowledge of the crime and states his regret for the man\'s death. After meeting cheerleaders, Stacey  and Holly , they learn from another cheerleader, Heather , who strips herself completely naked while preparing for her shower, that a jacket worn by the dead pusher was made by Big Earl . Starsky and Hutch go to a prison to speak with Big Earl, who has connections with Feldman\'s drug business. Big Earl then makes the officers do embarrassing things to get what they want. He gives them a packet of what they think is cocaine. When it is taken to the lab for testing, Doby , their captain, tells them it is artificial sweetener. Starsky uses it in his coffee and he, Hutch, Stacey, and Holly go to a disco where Starsky suffers the effects of the drug. Hutch takes him home and proceeds to have a threesome with Holly and Stacey. Feldman continues to be the main suspect of the duo\'s investigation. They believe that Feldman stores drugs in his garage, and during his daughter\'s Bat Mitzvah, they go undercover to attempt to locate the drugs. After confronting Feldman, Starsky shoots the lock off the garage door, accidentally shooting and killing a pony inside. As a result, Captain Doby indefinitely suspends Starsky and Hutch; the partners then argue, leading to a split in their friendship. Meanwhile Hutch\'s neighbor, Willis , is involved in a bomb blast in Hutch\'s house, and breaks his leg . Starsky comes to visit Willis in the hospital where a "who\'s at fault" argument with Hutch finally leads to reconciliation. They both decide to go after Feldman and put an end to his drug business. With help from Huggy Bear,  their compatriot and informant, they learn that Feldman plans to sell the drugs at a charity ball by hiding them in Volkswagen Karmann Ghia\'s to be given away to preplanned dope pushers. The disguised duo manage to enter the party and hold up Feldman, pretending to be winners of a car. Upon shooting open the hood of the car, a large amount of cocaine is found. Feldman takes Hutch hostage, and Starsky\'s attempt to rescue him, he accidentally shoots Captain Doby. In the confusion, Feldman and his girlfriend Kitty escape outside with the money that was used to buy the drugs. Starsky and Hutch pursue them in a car chase over a golf course. Feldman and Kitty then take off in his yacht hoping to escape the partners. Not far behind, Starsky and Hutch decide the only way to catch Feldman is to ram Starsky\'s car into Feldman\'s yacht. Starsky gets the car up to speed on a pier and then hits a ramp, but jumps way off course and misses the yacht. It slams into the sea and sinks as the partners safely escape. However all is not lost; Huggy, who was hiding in the yacht, knocks out Feldman. In the last scene, at a party celebrating the capture of Feldman, Starsky is still upset about the loss of his car. Huggy surprises him by buying him another Torino from the original Starsky and Hutch duo . The two happy cops roll out in their new car answering to the police radio.'] ['Troma Entertainment co-founder and B-movie director and producer Lloyd Kaufman plays the Crap Keeper. He presents the viewers with two horror stories that contain gore, nudity, fat men, talking penises, lesbian scenes, vampires, UFOs, and appearances by porn star Ron Jeremy and the band New Found Glory. The film was purportedly shot over three years with six directors and close to fifteen writers.allmovie (('] ['Becca Crane  moves to Sporks to live with her clueless father, Sheriff Frank , after her mother starts an affair with Tiger Woods. Meanwhile, killings have been happening to random people and the number one suspects are the Canadians. It is in fact a group of vampires, who are  commonly confused with the Black Eyed Peas.  Becca is quickly befriended by many students at her new high school,  including Jennifer  but she is intrigued by the mysterious and aloof Edward Sullen , who perplexes her during their time in the biology class, despite thinking she smells of tuna. Later, Becca is nearly struck by a van in the school parking lot. Edward inexplicably moves from several feet away and stops the vehicle by thrusting another student in its path without any harm to himself or Becca . He later refuses to explain this act to Becca and warns her against befriending him. After much research, she tells Edward that she knows what he is, but reaches the wrong conclusion that he is a Jonas Brother. Edward corrects her, saying he is a vampire but that he only consumes animal blood , and shows her the shiny bling he wears under his clothes. He also states he is a killer, and shoots Alice  The pair fall in love, and he introduces Becca to his vampire family on her birthday. While unwrapping a gift, Becca gets a paper cut, after which one of the newer vampires  runs at her. Edward flings her back, and then does the same to Jeremiah. She then is bleeding from her arm, and the blood falls in a pyramid-shape of champagne glasses. After locking his dad and brother in tanning beds, he notices Becca has a nose bleed. Realizing the danger that he and his family pose to Becca, Edward rides a Segway PT out to the woods. He then proceeds to break up with Becca, who throws a temper tantrum after he leaves. After the fit, the three vampires appear that killed the fisherman. She begins to be eaten, but Edward shows up. After Jack retrieves his fangs from Becca\'s arm and leaps at Edward, Edward dispatches him by knocking his head off with a baseball bat. Jack\'s head flies through Sheriff Frank\'s car window, and he blames the Kardashians. Edward\'s departure leaves Becca heartbroken for months. She discovers that thrill-seeking activities and attempted suicides evoke Edward\'s preserved image. She is also comforted by her deepening friendship with Jacob White , the cheerful childhood friend who eases her pain over losing Edward. When Becca is accosted in the woods by the last of the nomadic vampires , Jacob transforms into a Chihuahua as his werewolf pack arrives to save her. Meanwhile, Edward has moved to Rio de Janeiro and is now dating Lady Gaga to get over losing Becca. When his sister arrives and tells him that, with her gift of prophecy, she has seen Becca kill herself, Edward becomes depressed and decides to provoke the "Zolturi", a powerful vampire coven, by exposing himself in the sunlight at \'St. Salvatore\'s day\' school prom and forcing them to kill him for revealing that vampires exist. His sister has another vision of Becca\'s survival as he leaves, but she is unable to warn him. Edward\'s sister arrives at Becca\'s house in her Porsche 911, and tells her she has to save Edward by showing him she is still alive. Jacob appears and demands that Becca choose between him and Edward, but just before she announces her decision he is distracted by a cat and runs off to chase it. Upon arriving at the prom, Becca is caught between the warring factions of Edward fangirls and Jacob fangirls. She is unable to reach Edward before he exposes himself, figuratively and literally. However, twilight occurs , concealing Edward\'s vampire nature as Becca gets him to safety. But after a fight between him and the Zolturi leader, Daro , Edward is forced to make Becca into a vampire or else he will be killed horribly. He agrees to do so only on the condition that she marry him, which she accepts. The film concludes with Edward taking a blow to the head from the head Jacob fangirl, who shouts "Team Jacob, bitch!" Edward survives the blow, and the girl is attacked by the newly-vampirized Becca.{{cite web}}'] ["Matthew Barnes is a young executive on the move up who finds himself a pawn in corporate in-fighting when he's sent to London to oversee a merger. He's to replace John Gissing; Gissing's gotten wind of it, and he makes sure that Matthew and his wife Linda, who has dutifully but reluctantly come to England, have a miserable first few days there. By the time Matthew figures out what's happening and declares a counter offensive, it may be too late to save himself from a transfer to Detroit. With Gissing still holding lots of cards and Linda more unhappy by the moment, Matthew must reevaluate. All out war? A partnership with Gissing? Some third way?"] ['Ricky Wanero is a male gigolo and stripper that sets out one day to defeat "The Champ" in a boxing match.'] ['The plot centers around the murder of the curator of the Norman Rockwell Museum in Stockbridge, Massachusetts. The police call in Professor Langford Fife , a professor of symbology at a local community college, to help them solve the mystery. As the curator was dying, he put on a pair of rubber overalls. He held a lemon in one hand and a can of Chicken of the Sea in the other. He called the police as he was dying and told them that Mr. Fife could decode the message. Mr. Fife meets Sopha Poisson during the course of his investigation. She informs him that the murdered curator was her grandfather. Together they work to decode a series of messages hidden in the paintings of Norman Rockwell, leading to a shocking discovery: Sopha is a mermaid. The movie ends with Mr. Fife taking her to the sea.'] ["The film begins in Beirut, where a gang of anti-American leaders including Ayatollah Khomeini, Mikhail Gorbachev, Yasser Arafat, Muammar Gaddafi, Fidel Castro, and Idi Amin meet to plan the ultimate terrorist act against the United States. The man who is later shown to be Pahpshmir is also present. Frank Drebin  has been posing undercover as a waiter; he beats up all the attendees, discovering in the process that Gorbachev's famous birth-mark is dyed and various other shocking facts about them, and Frank warns them that they will never attack America as long as he is on the job. In Los Angeles, Officer Nordberg  unsuccessfully attempts to bust a heroin drug operation at the docks organized by Vincent Ludwig , and is shot numerous times by Ludwig's henchmen. After being briefed on the case by his best friend, Captain Ed Hocken ([[George Kennedy , Frank visits Nordberg in the hospital. Nordberg can provide only a few cryptic clues, including a picture of Ludwig's ship on which the deal had been organized. Frank later meets with wacky police scientist named Ted Olsen ([[Ed Williams , who has invented a cufflink that shoots out a tiny dart which renders the victim unconscious, promptly testing it on Hocken. While discussing Nordberg's case, it is revealed that the police force suspects Nordberg to be corrupt and involved in drug dealings. Hocken gives Drebin 24 hours to clear Nordberg's name. Pahpshmir meets with Ludwig, who announces that he will assassinate Queen Elizabeth II  for $20 million. With his beeper, and the victim's wrist-watch, Ludwig demonstrates that he can turn anyone into an unknowing assassin via the post-hypnotic suggestion. Later, Drebin visits Ludwig in his office and inadvertently lets slip the information that Nordberg is still alive, which results in an assassination attempt by a hypnotized physician. Frank chases the assassin in a commandeered teen driving school car until the luckless fugitive crashes the car into a gasoline truck, a U.S. Army missile transporter, and a fireworks factory. As Drebin works on the case, he meets and falls in love with Ludwig's assistant, Jane Spencer . It is eventually revealed that she knows nothing about Ludwig's plot, and after Jane learns of her employer's villainy, she helps Frank with his investigation. However, things go awry as Frank breaks into Ludwig's office to get crucial information. In the process of finding that information, Frank ends up setting a fire that completely destroys Ludwig's office. Later, to make things worse, after Frank believes he saw Ludwig attempt to kill the Queen at a reception, Frank ends up causing more trouble and is removed from Police Squad. During the Queen's visit to a California Angels baseball game, Jane tells Frank that one of the team's players will conduct the assassination. While hiding from his fellow policemen, who are now under orders to arrest him, Frank first attempt to disguise himself as the fictional opera singer Enrico Pallazzo, brutally mangling the U.S. national anthem along the way, then manages to secure the position of the home plate umpire, beginning to call the game, this in order to frisk all the players for weapons. Finally, realizing that he is running out of time, Frank goes to great lengths to delay the game, ultimately resorting to interfering with the play, to the ire of the managers of the Angels and the Seattle Mariners. Ludwig activates his 'sleeper', the right-fielder for the Angels, Reggie Jackson. Jane alerts Frank, who chases after Jackson. Jackson catches and tackles him, inadvertently triggering a bench-clearing brawl between the Angels and the Mariners, while Ludwig takes Jane to the top of the stadium with him at gunpoint. During the brawl, Jackson emerges from the pile and points his gun at the Queen. However, Frank fires one of Ted's cufflink darts to incapacitate Jackson, but accidentally hits a fat woman in the upper mezzanine instead. Still, Frank manages to save the Queen's life, because the dazed fat woman falls on top of Jackson, knocking him out. Frank later moves through the crowd to the top of the stadium, where Ludwig holds Jane with him at gunpoint. Frank shot Ludwig with the other cufflink dart, causing Ludwig to stagger and fall several stories over the stadium's railing. The USC marching band tromps over Ludwig's steamroller-flattened body, triggering his beeper and thus activating Jane's own post-hypnotic suggestion, which compels her to kill Frank with Ludwig's gun. Frank uses his reverse psychology to try and break Jane's hypnotized state by openly professing his feelings for her, and gives her an engagement ring, after which Jane is freed from Ludwig's hypnosis and finally accepts Frank's marriage proposal. Frank's speech is broadcast on the stadium screen, causing the teams and the audience to burst into tears, fall into each other's arms and make up. Afterwards, Frank and Jane meet Mayor Barkley , who reinstates Frank back to Police Squad, and Nordberg congratulates him. Nordberg, while still wheelchair-bound, seems much better until Frank pats Nordberg on the back and accidentally sends him toppling down the aisle and up over the railing of the stadium's upper deck."] ['In South Park, Colorado, Kenny McCormick, Kyle Broflovski, Eric Cartman and Stan Marsh are on their way to the local movie theater to see the new film Terrance and Phillip: Asses of Fire which stars the boys\' favorite Canadian comedy duo, Terrance and Phillip. The boys learn new words from the movie, which causes the other kids in town to see the picture. The kids of South Park Elementary School begin cursing in class, and Kyle, Cartman, Kenny and Stan are sent to Counselor Mackey\'s office, where he informs their parents. Learning that the language was from the movie, the parents force the teachers to abandon their previous lesson plans and run a rehab-like center{{dn}} for the kids to get them to stop swearing. After rehab, the boys and the rest of the children see the movie again. After Kenny dies as the result of lighting his fart on fire like in the movie , the boys are grounded, Kenny is sent to Hell where he meets Satan and Saddam Hussein who are gay lovers, the parents of South Park boycott Terrance and Phillip, and Sheila  has Terrance and Phillip arrested for corrupting the minds of America\'s children. As response to having the duo arrested, Canada strikes back by bombing the house of the Baldwin brothers, killing them. Cartman is implanted with a V-chip by Dr. Vosknocker which will shock Cartman every time he uses profanity. Stan is trying to win back a girl he likes, Wendy, who is hanging out with another boy named Gregory. Stan asks Chef for advice, and Chef tells him to find the clitoris, which is a word Stan does not recognize. Sheila and President Bill Clinton reveal on national news their plans to go to war with Canada in response to the killing of the Baldwins and to have Terrance and Phillip executed at a USO show. Meanwhile, Satan knows that the war is a sign to invade Earth, and if the blood of the two Canadians touches American soil, it will be time for him to rise up. Saddam wants to come with him, but Satan is tired of being bossed around by Saddam. Kenny tells Satan to break up with Saddam to which Satan initially agrees, but Saddam wins back Satan with a song. Kenny haunts Cartman as a ghost and tells him that Satan and Saddam Hussein plan to come to Earth and for Cartman to warn everybody. The boys have a secret meeting to talk about how they can save Terrance and Phillip. They form "La Resistance" and Gregory tells Stan to meet with a kid named The Mole to help them infiltrate the location of the USO show. La Resistance and The Mole infiltrate the USO show, but The Mole is killed by guard dogs. It is up to everyone else to save Terrance and Phillip and Cartman\'s V-Chip malfunctions due to a power surge. The kids save Terrance and Phillip, but the Canadians unexpectedly show up and a bloody battle ensues. Sheila shoots Terrance and Phillip which results in Satan and Saddam Hussein rising from the ground. The other moms decide to stop what they are doing, seeing as what they and their Mothers Against Canada organization started and head off to look for their sons. Stan finds the clitoris  in the woods who tells him to be confident in order to win back Wendy\'s love. Satan finally kills Saddam when he gets fed up with all the abuse and brings Kenny back from Hell, telling him can have any wish in exchange for encouraging him to kill Saddam. Kenny wishes for everything to return to the way it was before the War, which means he will remain dead. Kenny is sent to Heaven due to this act, the war has ended, the Canadians and Americans become friends again, and everything returns to normal. Back in South Park, Ike, still hiding in the attic, eats a rat in a post-credits scene'] ['The Old West frontier town of Calendar, Colorado springs up almost overnight when the rather klutzy and hotheaded Prudy Perkins  discovers gold in a grave during a funeral. Her father Olly  becomes mayor of the new settlement. He and the other members of the town council bemoan the twin facts that the place has become a drunken round-the-clock free-for-all, and that to ship out all the gold they are mining, they must pay a hefty fee to the Danbys, a family of ranchers/bandits who control the only route out of town. Most people are too busy digging to take time out to be sheriff, and those who are willing to put down their shovel quickly die. This all changes with the arrival in town of Jason McCullough , a calm and exceptionally competent man from "back East" who says he is passing through town on his way to Australia. While in the town saloon, he sees young Joe Danby  gun a man down. Needing money after discovering the town\'s ruinous rate of inflation, McCullough demonstrates his uncanny firearms ability to the mayor and town council, and becomes the new sheriff. He breaks up a street brawl and while at the Perkins house meets Prudy under  mortifying circumstances. McCullough then arrests Joe and tosses him in the town jail, which has everything a sheriff needs - except iron bars for the cell doors and windows. McCullough keeps the none-too-bright Joe imprisoned through the use of a chalk line, some dribbles of red paint, and applied psychology. In the midst of all this, McCullough acquires a reluctant deputy in the form of the extremely scruffy Jake , who had theretofore been nothing more than the "town character." The arrest of Joe Danby ignites the wrath of the patriarch of the Danby family; while the rest of the town immediately quiets down under McCullough\'s reign, Pa Danby  mounts various efforts to get Joe out of jail. None of them work, so he then brings in a string of hired guns, who are equally unsuccessful. Meanwhile, Prudy spars romantically with McCullough, McCullough and Jake go on an unsuccessful search for gold, and, much to Joe\'s relief, bars are finally installed in the jail. The climax of the film sees Pa Danby summoning a host of his relatives to launch an all-out assault. The sheriff\'s first impulse is simply to leave town and resume his trip to Australia, but when Prudy expresses her sincere approval of this sensible idea, he announces that it sounds cowardly and decides to stay. The rest of the townfolk announce their disapproval of his new plan, and officially vote not to help in any way. Thus, the Danby mob rides in faced only by McCullough, Jake and Prudy. After a lengthy gunfight, McCullough bluffs his way to victory using hostage Joe and the cannon mounted in the center of town. As the Danbys are all marched off to jail, the cannon fires, smashing the town brothel and scattering the resident prostitutes and visiting civic leaders. McCullough makes his peace with the townfolk, he and Prudy get engaged, and he carries her home. In a closing monologue, Jake directly informs the audience that they get married and McCullough goes on to become governor of the state, while he, Jake, becomes sheriff and then "one of the most beloved characters in western folklore."'] ['Con artist Latigo Smith is on board a train traveling across frontier-era Colorado, with his would-be fiancée, a rich and powerful woman named Goldie. Looking for a way to escape this situation, he manages to slip off the train at a jerkwater stop, and finds himself in Purgatory, a small town wherein two rival companies of miners, led by Taylor Barton and Colonel Ames, are in a frantic round-the-clock race to find "the motherlode" of gold buried somewhere under the town. After consulting the town doctor about getting an embarrassing Goldie-related tattoo removed, Latigo succumbs to a gambling compulsion and loses all his money at roulette. After hearing a rumor that an infamous gunslinger named "Swifty" Morgan is expected in town, Latigo concocts a scam, using the amiable ne\'er-do-well Jug May to impersonate the man. In the process of this, the new arrival attracts the attention of Patience "The Sidewinder" Barton, the hot-tempered daughter of Taylor, who wants nothing more than to escape the town and become a woman of refinement in New York City . When Latigo and the fake Swifty side with the Bartons, Ames sends a telegram to the real gunslinger, informing him of the impostor. Swifty soon arrives in town. Latigo has replaced Jug for the climactic gunfight and sits atop a jackass-load of dynamite, attempting to bluff the gunfighter. The show-down ends with one of the massive mining blasts that regularly rock the town. Swifty is startled and accidentally shoots himself in the foot, and the panicked jackass, with Latigo aboard, blows up in the saloon. This blast uncovers the mother lode for the Bartons, and also burns off Latigo\'s troublesome tattoo. Latigo\'s gambling compulsion finally pays off when, financially backed by the Bartons, he wins big at roulette , betting $10,000 on the final outcome. Now almost as rich as Patience, he marries her. According to a monologue delivered by Jug from the back of a train at the end of the movie, Morgan is still trying to get his boot off, Patience doesn\'t get to go to the school in New York that she had mentioned in the movie, but sends her seven daughters to that school, and Jug goes on to "become a big star in Italian westerns."'] ["Adam Chance , works for an American agency, H.A.R.M. . He is assigned to protect Dr. Jan Steffanic , a recent Soviet defector who has developed a new weapon which fires spores that upon contact with skin slowly eat the body away. Following Dr Steffanic's arrival in the US he is taken into protective custody by H.A.R.M. and is placed in a beach house along with his niece and Agent Chance to develop a spore antidote. Here he reveals the communists' real plan, which is to dust all of the American crops with these deadly spores. During their time at this house Chance falls for Steffanic's niece Ava Vestok , who is later revealed to be a communist spy. After the flat is attacked, Dr Steffanic is kidnapped by European spies and taken to a warehouse. Chance eventually rides in and a gun fight ensues in which Steffanic is exposed to the deadly spores in a valiant sacrifice, and dies."] ['After observing the launch of a new space platform, Z.O.W.I.E. Chief, Lloyd C. Cramden, joins the President of the United States for a game of golf. While on the links, they are interrupted by a small group from the Fabulous Face organization. Discreetly substituting the presidential golf ball with a small gas bomb, they succeed in temporarily immobilizing the presidential party and replacing the president with an actor surgically altered to look exactly like him. Puzzled by a stopwatch that was active during the switch, Cramden visits former agent Derek Flint at his New York City apartment, asking he investigate the "lost" three minutes recorded by the stopwatch. Flint agrees to take up the matter after his return from a survival exercise in the Mojave Desert. During Cramden and Flint\'s meeting, Lisa, an operative of Fabulous Face, is meeting with Flint\'s three live-in girl friends in the living room of Flint\'s spacious Manhattan apartment. Lisa tricks the girls into accepting a free visit to the Fabulous Face Spa in the Virgin Islands. That evening, Cramden encounters Lisa, the operative for Fabulous Face, at an Italian restaurant. Disguised as a southern schoolteacher visiting the city, she drugs him using cigarettes treated with a soporific substance and stages a compromising scene with a prostitute at a hotel; the scene is then photographed and published by General Carter, who is working with Fabulous Face. With Cramden framed as a libertine, the "imposter" President publicly suspends the disgraced spy chief from active duty. Recalled from his exercise, Flint hypnotizes Cramden and learns the details of the encounter with Lisa. Tests of trimmings from Cramden\'s mustache reveal traces of "euphoric acid", a drug when mixed with alcohol leaves the subject mildly sedated and aroused. Investigating further, Flint breaks into Z.O.W.I.E. headquarters and discovers that the two astronauts on the recently-launched space platform are, in fact, Russian female cosmonauts. Flint is interrupted by General Carter and a force of turncoat guards who, after a struggle, believe they have killed Flint when he apparently falls into a document incinerator. Having escaped, Flint travels to the Soviet Union to investigate the cosmonaut connection. Dancing in the Bolshoi ballet, he makes contact with ballerina Natasha, unaware that she is a Fabulous Face operative until she attempts to drug him with drugged cigarettes. His interrogation of her is interrupted by the KGB, who arrive at her apartment to bring Flint to the Soviet Premier. After escaping the KGB agents, Flint sneaks into the Kremlin, where he overhears the Premier bluffing the U.S. President; conversational clues point Flint to the Fabulous Face spa in the Virgin Islands. Cramden has also traveled to the Fabulous Face Spa to investigate further but he is captured and imprisoned with the real President. The Fabulous Face staff in anticipation of Flint coming to the spa has inprisoned his girl friend in cryogenic freezing chambers. Flint boards an Aeroflot flight for Cuba disguised as a bearded Cuban Revolutionary. Distracting the other passengers, he ties up the pilots, parachutes out over the Virgin Islands and swims to the Fabulous Face complex. There he is met by Lisa, who brings him before the Fabulous Face leadership, a group of female business executives who explain their plan to brainwash women through subliminal messages transmitted in salon hairdryers into overthrowing the male-dominated political order. As Flint attempts to talk the women out of it, he is interrupted by General Carter, who is dissatisfied with his subordinate role and plans to take power himself with the aid of the fake president. After a fight, Flint is captured by Carter\'s men and placed, along with Cramden, the captive president and the Fabulous Face leadership and lead staff, into cryogenic suspension. Flint escapes his freezing chamber with a sonic wave amplifier device, which is disguised as a cigarette lighter and belt buckle. Determined to stop Carter\'s plan to atomically arm the space station, Flint, Cramden, the president, and the women of Fabulous Face travel to the nearby island where the launch is scheduled to take place. Once they arrive, the women execute "Operation Smooch", using their beauty and sexual allure to distract, seduce, and subdue the male guards. After the women take over the control room, Carter  threatens to activate the atomic warheads under his control unless he is allowed to proceed with the launch. Flint manages to board the capsule just before it takes off; once in orbit they fight in zero gravity, causing the spacecraft to tumble. After overpowering Carter, Flint escapes the capsule, which is then destroyed with a nuclear missile launched from the surface. Using his wave amplifier, Flint floats to the nearby space platform, where he enjoys the hospitality of the female cosmonauts there while awaiting return to Earth.'] ['Shrek , a grouchy, cynical, terrifying greenogre that has always enjoyed living in peaceful solitude in his swamp, finds his life disrupted when thousands of various fairytale characters are exiled into his swamp by order of the obsessive, evil, fairy-tale hating Lord Farquaad . Shrek announces to the fairytale creatures that to see Farquaad to move them out of his swamp and back where they came from, Shrek brings along a talking Donkey . Meanwhile, Farquaad tortures the Gingerbread Man  into revealing the whereabouts of the remaining fairytale creatures until his guards rush in with an object Farquaad has been searching for: the Magic Mirror. The Mirror tells Farquaad that he can only become a real king by marrying a princess . The Mirror gives him three princesses to choose from : Cinderella, Snow White, and Princess Fiona . Farquaad chooses Fiona and silences the Mirror before he can mention "the little thing that happens at night" . Shrek and Donkey arrive at Farquaad\'s palace in Duloc, where they find themselves in the midst of a tournament. The winner will have the "privilege" of attempting to rescue Fiona from a castle surrounded by lava and protected by a fire-breathing dragon so that Farquaad may marry her. Shrek  easily beats the other knights in a fashion that resembles a wrestling match and Farquaad agrees to remove the fairytale creatures from the swamp if Shrek rescues Fiona. Shrek and Donkey travel to the castle and split up to find Fiona. Donkey encounters the dragon and sweet-talks the beast to save himself before discovering that the dragon is female. Dragon takes a liking to Donkey and carries him to her chambers. When Shrek finds Fiona, she is appalled at his lack of romanticism. As they are leaving, Shrek manages to save Donkey, caught in Dragon\'s tender clutches, and causing her to become irate, chasing Shrek, Fiona, and Donkey out of the castle. At first, Fiona is thrilled to be rescued but quickly becomes disappointed when Shrek takes his helmet off and she realises that he is an ogre. The three make their return journey to Farquaad\'s palace Fiona wants to camp out for the night real badly and decides to sleep in a cave while, Shrek and Donkey stay awake and watch the stars while Shrek tells stories about great ogres and informs Donkey that he plans to build a 10-foot wall around his swamp when he returns. When Donkey persistently asks Shrek why he is doing this, Shrek sadly confesses to him that everyone judges him before they know him; therefore, he feels he is better off alone, despite Donkey\'s admittance that he did not immediately judge him when they first met. The next day, Shrek and Fiona finding they have more in common with each other along the way, and falling in love. Later the trio were almost to Duloc and that night Fiona takes shelter in a nearby abandoned windmill. When Donkey hears strange noises coming from the windmill, he finds that Fiona has turned into an ogress. Fiona explains she was cursed as a child and turns into an ogress every night, which is why she was locked away in the castle, and that only a kiss from her true love will return her to her "love\'s true form". Shrek, about to confess his feelings for Fiona and to give her a sunflower, overhears part of their conversation, and is heartbroken as he misinterprets her disgust at her transformation into an "ugly beast" as being disgusted with him. Fiona makes Donkey promise not to tell Shrek about the spell, vowing to do it herself, but when the next morning comes, Shrek has brought Lord Farquaad to Fiona. The two return to the castle, while a hurt Shrek returns to the now-vacated swamp, not long after breaking off his friendship with Donkey, out of anger. Shrek finds that, despite his privacy, he is miserable and misses Fiona. Furious at Shrek for what he did, Donkey comes to the swamp where Shrek reveals that he overheard Donkey and Fiona\'s conversation. Donkey keeps his promise to Fiona and tells Shrek that she was talking about someone else. He then tells him that Fiona will be getting married shortly, urging Shrek into action to gain Fiona\'s true love. They are able to travel to Duloc quickly, thanks to Dragon, who had escaped her confines and followed Donkey. Shrek interrupts the wedding before Farquaad can kiss Fiona, and tells Fiona that Farquaad isn\'t his true love, but only marring him to be king. The sun sets, which causes Fiona to turn into an ogress in front of everyone in the church, causes Shrek to fully understand what he overheard at the windmill, Farquaad, disgusted over the change, orders Shrek killed and Fiona imprisoned, but Shrek whistles for Dragon, who bursts in, along with Donkey, and devours Farquaad. Shrek and Fiona admit their love for each other and share a kiss; Fiona is bathed in light as her curse is broken, but is surprised to find that she has remained an ogress, as she thought she was supposed to become beautiful, to which Shrek replies that she is beautiful. The two of them get married in the swamp and depart on their honeymoon while the rest celebrate by singing "I\'m a Believer".'] ['{{plot}} Andrea "Andy" Sachs  is an aspiring journalist fresh out of Northwestern University. She lands the job "a million girls would kill for": junior personal assistant to Miranda Priestly , the icy editor-in-chief of Runway fashion magazine. At first, Andy fumbles with her job and fits in poorly with her catty coworkers, especially Miranda\'s British senior assistant Emily Charlton . During a dinner with her father who came to visit her in New York City, Miranda calls her: the airports in Florida where she is are all closed due to a hurricane but she needs to get home and orders Andy to get her home somehow. Andy tries every airline company there is, but none of them are flying out because of the weather. Andy\'s father suggests Miranda learn a lesson about waiting out a hurricane, and tells Andy to put away her phone as he takes her out to dinner. When Miranda does arrive back at the office she tells Andy she has disappointed her. Andy has a talk with Runways art director Nigel , who gives a whole new perspective of Miranda, her work and fashion in general. Andy decides to change and—initially with Nigel\'s help—gradually learns her responsibilities and begins to dress more stylishly. Although Nigel is blunt, Andy feels he is the lone Runway employee looking out for her. Miranda notices the change in Andy and gives her a new task: delivering "The Book"  to her Upper East Side townhouse. Emily explains to her that she has to behave as if she is \'invisible\' while she delivers the book at Miranda\'s house. However, Andy is tricked by Miranda\'s daughters into going upstairs, where she inadvertently walks in on Miranda and her husband arguing. Mortified, she drops the book and leaves. Miranda punishes Andy by giving her an impossible task: securing the unpublished manuscript for the next book in the Harry Potter series for her twin daughters to read on the train. Andy is just about to quit when Christian Thompson , a famous writer and acquaintance of Andy\'s informs her he has obtained it for her. Andy delivers the copy of the manuscript to a stunned Miranda, who still gives Andy a hard time for not having two manuscripts for both of her daughters to read at the same time, but Andy was prepared and already gave the twins two copies, while the one she gave Miranda was just a backup. When Emily falls ill, Miranda commands Andy to accompany the two of them to a charity benefit, where they masquerade as partygoers while actually Emily whispers to Miranda the names of the people approaching her for greeting. At the event, Andy saves Miranda from being embarrassed by Emily, who had forgotten one of the names; meets Jacqueline Follet, the editor-in-chief of French Runway and Miranda\'s rival; turns down an offer to meet a big publisher from Christian, but all the while misses her boyfriend\'s birthday party. One evening, while returning The Book, Miranda informs her that she needs "the best team possible" for her Paris trip, which means stepping over Emily. Andy hesitates, as Emily has been boasting about going to Paris for months, but Miranda tells her that declining will send the message that she is not committed to her job or any future job at another publication. Faced with this threat, Andy accepts. The next day Miranda then tells Andy to be the bearer of bad news to Emily. Just as Andy is about to tell her, Emily crosses at a "no cross" point and is hit by a taxi. Andy has a rough day confronting Emily about Paris and then at her friend Lily\'s art gallery, where she accepts a kiss on the cheek from Christian. Lily catches this and berates Andy, to then confront her boyfriend about the fact that she is going to Paris. He realizes that they no longer have anything in common, and they break up. In Paris, Andy attends the shows and even meets designer Valentino Garavani, being introduced as "the new Emily". One night Andy comes into Miranda\'s suite only to find her in her bathrobe, undressed, and crying. While deciding on a seating chart, Miranda opens up saying that her husband is divorcing her, and again the press would write rude things about her such as \'career obsessed woman\' who doesn\'t care for family but that her biggest worry is for her daughters. Later, Andy learns from Nigel that he has landed a job as creative director at fashion designer James Holt\'s new company. Andy has dinner with Christian who figures out that she is single again. After a few glasses of wine she succumbs to Christian\'s charms and the two have sex. In his hotel room the next morning, while dressing, Andy finds out that the American Runway\'s owner is planning to replace Miranda with Jacqueline Follet. Surprised, she asks Christian about it who confirms it saying that Miranda has become old and that Jacqueline will bring fresh change to the magazine. Andy rushes to the door while Christian stops her calling her \'baby\' to which she replies that she is not his \'baby\'. Andy storms out to find Miranda and warn her. When Andy finally tells her, Miranda seems unfazed. At a luncheon in honor of James Holt, Miranda announces that Jacqueline will be the new creative director of James Holt\'s company much to the surprise of Andy and Nigel. En route to another event, Miranda explains to a still-stunned Andy that she knew about the plan to get rid of her all along, but she found an alternative for Jacqueline and presented "The List"  to the owner of Runway, who realized that without those people, Runway would suffer greatly, and was forced to reconsider. Miranda also says that she was pleased by Andy\'s display of loyalty and that she sees a great deal of herself in her. Andy says she could never do to anyone what Miranda did to Nigel. Miranda replies that she already did, in stepping over Emily. Miranda tentatively comforts her, saying that those choices are necessary to live the life that she lives. At the event, Andy gets out of the car and simply walks away. When receiving a call from Miranda, she throws her phone into a fountain on the Place de la Concorde. Back in New York, Andy meets with Nate for breakfast. He has accepted an offer to work as a sous-chef in a popular Boston restaurant. Andy is disappointed, but her hope is rejuvenated when he says they could work something out. Andy, once again wearing more modest clothes, goes to an interview for a newspaper job. The interviewer reveals that Miranda told him she was by far her biggest disappointment, but that if he did not hire her, he would be an idiot. Afterwards Andy calls Emily while walking past the Runway office and offers to send Emily all of the outfits Andy got while in Paris, Emily feigns imposition saying the clothes will "absolutely drown her" but accepts. When she hangs up with Andy, Emily turns to the new second assistant that replaced Andy and tells her that she has big shoes to fill, in a sense admitting that Andy was an excellent worker and a good person. As Andy hangs up from that same phone call, she sees Miranda getting into her car across the street. They exchange looks and Andy smiles at her, but Miranda acts as if the two are strangers, which Andy takes in good grace. Once in the car, Miranda smiles slightly before curtly telling her driver, "Go."'] ["Sydney L. Pythias , a 'juvenile delinquent' who is mistaken for a gang member. Mike Damon , a police officer who tries to straighten him out by putting him through police training. After a difficult training and a series of mishaps, Pythias finally proves his worth by graduating and become a police officer."] ["This fantasy tale tells of Totò who, found in a cabbage patch, is adopted by Lolotta, a wise and kind old woman. When Lolotta dies he moves to an orphanage. At eighteen Totò  leaves the orphanage and ends up in a shantytown squatter colony on the outskirts of Milan. Totò's organizational ability learned at the orphanage and his simple kindness and optimistic outlook acquired from Lolotta bring structure to the colony and a sense of happiness and well being among the dispossessed who live there. Totò is given a magic dove by the ghost of Lolotta and he uses its powers to grant wishes to those who ask. Eventually the dove is taken back by two angels who object to a mortal using its magic powers. When oil is found in the shantytown capitalists acquire it and the squatters are taken away ostensibly to prison. On the way, however, the dove is returned to Totò and his wish for the freedom of his friends is granted. In a wonderful scene they fly away on broomsticks borrowed from the street sweepers in Milan's central square and circle around the Cathedral and then away into the sky, possibly to heaven. In a sense Totò is a Christ-like figure whose innate goodness and miraculous powers are corrupted by the human failings of the dispossessed, especially their simple-minded greed for clothes and money."] ['Tony Banks , a retired mob "torpedo" , now settled with wife Flo  and daughter Darlene , worries about his daughter\'s new hippie boyfriend Stash , and his own paternity of Darlene. Cesar Romero and Frankie Avalon appear as a father-and-son pair of mob bosses, Hechy and Angie, who bring Tony the news that top mobster "God"  wants him to carry out one last job — liquidating his old pal, "Blue Chips" Packard , before Packard can testify before the US Senate\'s Crime Commission. Tony refuses, but upon discovering another old friend, Harry , shot through the head, goes along with God\'s wishes and, now wearing a convict\'s striped outfit, finds himself in the island prison of Alcatraz, a futuristically high-tech institution where Packard is held under top-level protection. In Tony\'s absence, Stash and his friends, who have been charged with vagrancy, are invited by Flo to stay at their house. She visits Angie  to persuade him to either cancel the job, or take her to God  so she can ask personally. Angie won\'t take Flo, but he will take Darlene, who nonetheless insists on bringing Stash along. God takes a liking to Darlene, as does God\'s tall, supermodel-like black mistress  to Stash, but both are frustrated in their pursuit. One of Tony\'s cellmates turns out to be a draft dodger called Fred the Professor , an electronics wizard who has renounced technology, but makes an exception in rigging a television set to allow Banks the opportunity of cell-to-cell communication with Packard. Banks realizes he can\'t kill his old friend, and, as a result, will probably never leave the prison. He writes his wife with the news, on stationery borrowed from Fred, while ignoring Fred\'s admonition not to lick the envelope and discovering the hard way that all the stationery is soaked with LSD... enough to send the whole prison on a bad trip. One of the inmates, Leech  says, "Hey, maybe if I take some of that stuff, I wouldn\'t have to rape anybody anymore." Fred guides Tony through the resulting acid experience, helping him come to terms with his worries about Darlene and his past while plotting their escape. Darlene and Stash spend the night aboard God\'s yacht, with Stash getting word back to Flo and his friends about their location, and a coded plea for help. As the hippies mount a rescue, Tony and Fred build a makeshift balloon from discarded freezer bags and garbage cans, dump the whole supply of stationery into the prison\'s lunch, and fly out of the prison as everyone below begins to freak out. As it happens, both the hippies  and the balloon arrive on God\'s hideaway at the same time. Feeling trapped, God adopts the stooped Groucho posture, skulks into a clothes closet and closes the door. As the film ends, we last see Flo and Tony as she pulls him towards a bed in one of the yacht\'s empty side cabins, while in the main cabin, God\'s Skipper , holding open a copy of Gabriel Vahanian\'s iconic 1961 book, The Death of God, performs a marriage ceremony between Angie and God\'s Mistress, who then proceeds to become overly affectionate with surprised best-man/father-figure Hechy, as the dismayed Angie tries to separate them. Behind them, another ceremony, performed by a hippie "minister" named Geronimo , using the Skipper\'s Death of God book, joins "this brother and this sister"  "in holy union". The scene cuts to a medium shot, in calm waters, of a small sailboat, with sails decorated in large psychedelic designs of the words "LOVE" and "PEACE", holding two occupants — Fred the Professor and God, both dressed in Hare Krishna/transcendental meditation garb. As Nilsson\'s voice is heard singing "I Will Take You There", they smile beatifically while sharing a lit joint and, after taking a puff, God/Groucho murmurs, "...mmm, pumpkin". At this point, before members of the theatrical audience can rise from their seats, the words "Stop!, we are not through yet, and before you skidoo, we\'d like to introduce our cast and crew", spoken in Otto Preminger\'s familiar German-accented voice, are heard from the soundtrack. The entire credit sequence  is then sung by Nilsson, with various asides .'] ["Three plots in three different historical periods—prehistoric times, ancient Rome, and modern times —are intercut to prove the point that men's love for woman have not significantly changed throughout history. In all three plots, characters played by Buster Keaton and Wallace Beery compete for the attention of the same woman, played by Margaret Leahy."] ['{{Plot}} A narrator introduces the audience to shadowy Denton TV executive Farley Flavors, who has lived his life "fast" but still feels incomplete without a certain woman - who belongs to someone else. As Flavors watches, his television studio - which now encompasses the entire town of Denton - is steadily filled with the former residents of Denton, who gleefully assume their new roles as studio audience members of a 24 hour live television broadcast . The sole holdout in the celebration is Brad Majors , who, despite the insistence of his wife Janet , that things will be OK, is ambivalent about the town\'s transformation. Once the audience is seated, they are greeted by a welcoming committee, who inform the audience-- and viewers on television-- of Denton\'s supposed virtues . Brad and Janet are chosen as contestants on "Marriage Maze", a supposed game show whose only purpose seems to be committing people to "Dentonvale", Denton\'s resident insane asylum. Janet is given the opportunity to have Brad committed by the show\'s host, a supposedly blind Austrian named Bert Schnick , who promises her that the experience will improve their marriage. Janet and Brad lament the state of their relationship, with Janet ultimately deciding to have Brad sent to Dentonvale . Upon arriving at Dentonvale, Brad and Janet are greeted by the staff: Nurse Ansalong , Rest Home Ricky , and Dentonvale\'s supervisors, the apparently incestuous siblings Dr. Cosmo and Nation McKinley . Despite Brad\'s objections, Cosmo has him drugged, bound, gagged, and placed in a padded cell known as the "Terminal Ward". Before Janet can sign the papers permitting the McKinleys to treat Brad, Ansalong tells her to wait a day, to give her time to make up her mind. Meanwhile, Janet\'s parents, Harry  and Emily , are brought onto Marriage Maze and promised a prize if they offer a psychological assessment of Brad. Deciding that he\'s regressing into childhood, the Weisses are awarded a vacation home on another of DTV\'s programs. Janet goes to meet them there and laments Brad\'s lack of assertiveness, wishing he could see that she still loves him instead of giving into the doldrums of marriage . Harry chastises Janet for marrying Brad, an orphan whose parents died in a car crash, rather than other boys from more stable home backgrounds. Janet tells her father that the boy he\'d wanted her to marry turned out to be gay, prompting Harry to proclaim the virtues of traditional American masculinity . Meanwhile, the McKinleys are informed that financing for their show has been taken over by Flavors\' own personal company, a fast food enterprise which Farley hopes to use to finance a pop psychology movement, using a new TV program, "Faith Factory", as the platform and the McKinleys as his mouthpieces. The reluctant McKinleys are quickly taken in by a persuasive videotaped pitch, and on Farley\'s orders, they recruit Janet to be the face of Farley\'s "Sanity For Today" movement, as he believes she is the perfect example of the girl next door . Janet moves into Dentonvale with the McKinleys and Bert Shnick, with the promise that her new life as an exciting model will make her desirable to Brad again . Meanwhile, Judge Wright and Betty Hapschatt ([[Charles Gray , two DTV hosts sympathetic to Brad, look into the histories of Farley and the McKinleys, suspecting that there is a sinister motive behind "Faith Factory". The next day, after Nation catches a fully sighted Bert spying on Janet in the shower, Cosmo strokes Janet\'s ego and designs a sexy new outfit for her, transforming her into "Miss Mental Health" . DTV manufactures Janet into an overnight sensation, and the newfound fame goes to Janet\'s head, causing her to forget about repairing her marriage with Brad . Janet, her parents, and Bert go to visit Brad at Dentonvale, where the Weisses question whether the McKinleys can really help him. The Dentonvale Staff assure everyone of their competency, "curing" Bert\'s blindness to demonstrate their abilities . Janet and her parents are completely sucked in, but Janet\'s ego becomes difficult for the McKinleys to control. To keep her manageable, they drug her, resulting in a dream sequence in which she patrols Denton looking for sex while Brad begs her for love . As the premier of "Faith Factory" nears, Bert, the Dentonvale Staff, and the Weisses prepare for their new TV roles; meanwhile, Betty hacks into DTV\'s computer and learns that the McKinleys are in fact character actors and that "Dentonvale" isn\'t a real hospital . "Faith Factory" goes on the air, opening with a live musical performance by Janet\'s groupies, a punk band called Oscar Drill and the Bits . Using the performance as a cover, Judge Wright and Betty break Brad out of Dentonvale, telling him that they\'ve learned Farley is his biological brother, who was split from him during the adoption process and grew up poor; now Farley wants to destroy Brad\'s life out of jealousy, and is planning to seduce Janet on national TV as the last part of his plan. Brad, Wright, and Betty break through the wall of the "Faith Factory" set, and Brad confronts Farley about his plan . Farley demands Brad be remanded to the hospital, but Janet, snapped out of her ego-trip, informs him that she never signed the consent forms. Angry, Farley has Brad, Janet, Wright, and Betty arrested, and hastily names DTV host Macy Struthers  as the new "Miss Mental Health". His psychology program ready to go, Farley invites the studio audience to join in, to which they readily agree-- they are all summarily handed straight jackets, which they happily don. Betty uses a hairpin to pick the lock on her, Brad, Janet and the Judge\'s holding cell, and the foursome resolves to leave Denton behind. With the help of Oscar Drill and the Bits, they hotwire a car that was meant to be a prize on "Faith Factory" and drive away, as Farley and the Dentonvale staff celebrate having just committed the entire town of Denton to the terminal ward ("Anyhow Anyhow"/"Denton, U.S.A. .'] ['A gangster is murdered, and all of his holdings are in his girlfriend\'s  name; she\'s charged and sent to "Club Fed," where all the inmates are rich. While there, she meets and falls in love with an undercover FBI agent , who was sent there to find signs of corruption so that the FBI can shut down the prison.'] ['In the stereotypical high school community of John Hughes High in Southern California, sexy Priscilla , a popular cheerleader, separates from her football star boyfriend, Jake Wyler ([[Chris Evans . After Jake discovers that Priscilla is now dating peculiar Les  just to spite him, one of Jake\'s friends, Austin , suggests seeking retribution by making Janey Briggs , a "uniquely rebellious girl", the prom queen. Jake attempts to court Janey\'s love, but faces adversity from his own sister, Catherine , who is sexually attracted to him; Janey’s unnoticed admirer and best friend, Ricky ; and memories from his past football career. Catherine eventually helps her brother by slightly altering Janey’s appearance , instantly making her drop dead gorgeous. Meanwhile, Janey\'s little brother, Mitch , and his friends, Ox  and Bruce , make a pact to lose their virginity by Graduation even though they are still in their Freshmen year. Mitch tries to impress his longtime crush, the beautiful yet perverted Amanda Becker  with a letter professing his love for her. Bruce says that he does not have a chance with her mockingly stating, "Keep dreaming!". As the prom draws near, Jake draws infamy among his peers after he fails to lead his football team to victory at the state championship game the year before. The situation is further worsened when Austin tricks Jake into telling Janey about his plan to spite Priscilla by pretending to whisper the secret bet in Janey\'s ear, causing her to immediately leave Jake. During prom night, Austin and Janey go together; a jealous Jake and Catherine have a dance off with Austin and Janey, with Catherine dancing in a sexual manner. Janey runs off crying. Meanwhile, Mitch and his friends are having a lousy time at the prom until Amanda Becker arrives and Mitch gives her the letter and Ox later hooks up with Catherine. Jake is awarded prom king and the principal reads out that the votes for prom queen are tied. Everyone thinks that it is between Janey and Priscilla, but they are shocked to find that Kara and Sara Fratelli , twins conjoined at the head, win prom queen. During the traditional prom king and queen dance, Janey supposedly left with Austin to go to a hotel. Jake goes to the hotel room where he finds Austin having wild sex with a girl but is shocked to find that it is Priscilla not Janey while the weird Les videotapes with his pants down supposedly having an erection, Austin tells Jake that Janey "ran home to her daddy". Jake angrily punches Austin and Priscilla for what they had done to Janey, then punches Les for "being really weird" ; afterwards he runs to Janey\'s house only to learn from her father  that she is going to Paris for art school. Jake arrives at the airport and confronts her before she can board the plane, and uses a plethora of clichéd lines from other movies (such as She\'s All That, Cruel Intentions, [[American Pie  to convince her to stay in America. His final  speech suggests they would be better off apart, but Janey mistakenly believes he is quoting The Karate Kid, and she decides to stay with him.'] ['The film loosely depicts the "last days" of the disco era in the early 1980s, when weirdness, sex, and drugs ran rampant. The story centers on Alice Kinnon  and Charlotte Pingress , two young Manhattan women fresh out of Hampshire College who work in a New York publishing house. The two women, companions but not necessarily close friends, frequent the local disco together in search of music, dance, and romance. They are starkly different in personality: Alice is intelligent, quiet, and rather soft-spoken, while Charlotte is outgoing, conceited, and brutally honest, giving Alice constant "advice". The women subsequently decide to move in together and find a third roommate, Holly , because neither of them makes quite enough money or receives enough help from her parents to cover the expense. They begin a friendship with one of the club\'s managers, Des , and find one-night stands and relationships through the ensuing year, until it appears that the disco era has ended. At the end of the film, Alice and Charlotte part ways after a conflict, and Charlotte and Des discuss how their "big" personalities are "too big" for most people with "healthy-size" personalities, such as Alice. The film closes with a spirited musical dance sequence on the subway with Alice, Josh , and the other passengers and pedestrians to The O\'Jays\' song "Love Train".'] ['Henry Shand goes to Alaska to search for gold and find his fortune. While there, his spoiled son Reggie gets mad that he has to work for money. What further angers him is the fact that he has to share the dogsled with his two-year-old brother, nicknamed "Bobo". Reggie decides to take matters into his own hands and pushes Bobo off the sled, leaving him to die in the wintery Klondike wilderness. Some twenty years later, Henry has died, giving Reggie a large inheritance of thirty million dollars. Reggie foolishly spends it within a year, causing his new wife, Rhonda, to become an angry alcoholic, as they have gone broke and had to move back in with Reggie\'s mother, Margaret. Margaret has gone insane since Bobo\'s disappearance and Henry\'s death, and has now spent much of the family\'s fortune on buying homes for stray cats. Meanwhile, a biologist named Penny arrives from Alaska, claiming to have found Bobo. They discover that Bobo has been raised by wolves, causing him to sniff everyone\'s butts, run on all fours, growl and bark, and run through wet cement while chasing firetrucks or dogs. Reggie decides to manipulate Bobo into signing over his inheritance to him to pay off gambling debts. Reggie tells Penny that she can use Bobo for wolf research, but first must teach him to walk, talk, read, and, of course, write. Penny shaves Bobo and gives him a haircut, but getting him to act like a man proves to be a difficult task, and Bobo continues to unknowingly cause problems. Things get even worse when Bobo goes out in public, wreaking havoc in a shopping mall by going into dressing rooms, unwittingly trying on clothes and walking out of stores with them. As Bobo behaves more like a man, Penny begins to fall for him. Reggie wants her to speed up the teaching, as the people he owes money want their cash quickly. In court, Penny stands up for Bobo, having discovered Reggie\'s scheme. Bobo refuses to sign, and Reggie frantically attempts to demonstrate how Bobo was acting, making him look ridiculous to the judge, who drops the case. Bobo and Penny go outside and kiss, but Bobo stops to chase a firetruck.'] ['The plot of the movie revolves around a new television channel called "TunnelVision", which is notably free of censorship, who are under Senate investigation led by a Senator  who wishes to shut down the channel due to its widespread negative effects on the population of the United States. The movie consists of commercials, shorts, and trailers for fictional movies that are usually not connected to one another. These are being shown as part of a Congressional Oversight Committee that will decide the fate of the channel. Character actor Roger Bowen was the most famous actor at the time of the film’s release and was afforded the film’s top billing. His portrayal of Henry Kissinger in this film had become a familiar comic staple industry wide.'] ["The story begins in 1957 in the star-filled skies above California's Mojave Desert. It is a special night for noted astronomer Ted Lewis, who is preparing a special dinner for his beautiful, adoring wife Lana to celebrate their wedding anniversary. In another part of town, Tammy, a waitress at small local diner with big plans for the future, looks out her window and is excited to see a shooting star, which she takes as a good sign for her dreams. But, what Dr. Lewis and Tammy assume is a shooting star, is really an alien spaceship. The fiery ball hurtles toward earth and crash-lands on a butte in the desert. The only witnesses are teens Dick and Penny who are necking in a nearby lover's lane. A tall, metallic alien named Urp emerges from the craft unharmed, alarmed to discover that the monstrous Ghota, who was also on board, has escaped. The menacing one-eyed creature's unquenchable appetite could mean the end of civilization as we know it. Urp is the only one who knows how to stop the hideous extraterrestrial, but to do so he has to take over the body of Dr. Lewis and enlist the aid of Tammy, the only human in town willing to believe and trust in his mission. The local police - including Chief Dawson and Officer Vern - are confirmed skeptics and offer little help. Together, Urp and Tammy must hunt down the Ghota and neutralize it before it consumes all the local inhabitants and uses the human fuel to multiply and conquer the world."] ["The plot of the film revolves around a murderer killing fishermen with an over-sized fishhook during a Wisconsin fishing festival. The movie was shot on location in the community of Hayward, Wisconsin; the town's landmark giant fiberglass muskie is prominently featured in the film. The production was originally entitled Muskie Madness, and many of the films crew will still refer to it by that title, however when picked up for distribution Troma insisted the title be changed. Though very much a low-budget production Blood Hook is distinguished from the other slasher flicks of the time by its quirky sense of macabre, tongue-in-cheek humor."] ["Transylmania is a story of a group of not-too-bright American college kids on a semester abroad at the only college that would accept them: The Razvan University. This movie is a Spoof horror in which a group of college kids do a semester abroad in Romania and realise that if the partying doesn't kill them, the vampires just might.Transylmania Red Band Trailer Offers Lots of Naughty"] ["Donald Sinclair, the eccentric owner of The Venetian Resort Hotel Casino in Las Vegas, devises a new game to entertain the high rollers who visit his hotel. Six special tokens are placed in the casino's slot machines, and the winners are gathered together and told that $2 million in cash is hidden in a duffel bag in a train station locker in Silver City, New Mexico. Each team is given a key to the locker and told to race to the train station and claim the money. Unbeknownst to the competitors, Sinclair's wealthy patrons are placing bets on who will win the race. Among the racers are scheming twins Duane and Blaine Cody, businesswoman Merrill Jennings and her estranged mother Vera, disgraced football referee Owen Templeton, the Pear family led by opportunistic father Randy, eccentric Italian tourist Enrico Pollini who suffers from narcolepsy, and no-nonsense attorney Nick Schaffer. Duane and Blaine destroy an airport radar with their pickup truck to prevent anyone from flying to the finish line, before deciding to split up to double their chances of winning by creating a replica key. However, a locksmith overhears their plan and makes off with the key. The brothers chase the locksmith who tries to escape in a hot air balloon, eventually recovering the key and leaving the locksmith and a stray dairy cow hanging from the balloon's anchor rope. The brothers later steal a monster truck when their car is destroyed. Merrill and Vera crash their car thanks to malicious road directions given by a crazed squirrel saleswoman, forcing them to steal a rocket car which races across the desert until it runs out of fuel, the women dizzily stumbling onto a bus full of mental patients which eventually drives through Silver City. Owen is left stranded in the desert by a vengeful cab driver, but comes across a coach filled with women going to an I Love Lucy convention and disguises himself as the driver. Nearing Silver City, the bus hits the cow dangling from the hot air balloon, swerving off the road and suffering a puncture . Owen breaks down, reveals he is not a coach driver and is forced to flee from the women. The Pear Family mistakenly visit a museum dedicated to Nazi Klaus Barbie, but after the Cody brothers vandalize their car engine, they steal Adolf Hitler's Mercedes-Benz car. Randy accidentally insults a biker gang, who attack the car, causing the Pears to crash into a meeting for World War II veterans, who believe the family to be Nazis. Randy later drugs his family, who wished to stop the race, and hitches a ride on a semi tractor to reach Silver City. Nick at first refuses to participate until he meets helicopter pilot Tracy Faucet who offers him a lift to Silver City, as she is still able to fly. On the way, they pass over Tracy's boyfriend's house but find he is with his ex-girlfriend, enraging Tracy to the point that she chases him in the helicopter until it runs out of fuel, causing her and Nick to steal her boyfriend's truck. Enrico, who is narcoleptic, falls asleep at the start of the race but awakens hours later and receives a lift from ambulance driver Zack Mallozzi, who is delivering a transplant heart to El Paso. Zack wants to show off the heart, but this results in it bouncing out the window. Zack considers removing Enrico's heart to replace the first, but Enrico flees onto a passing train. Zack, in dispair, touches an electric fence, which brings the retrieved heart back to life. All the racers reunite in Silver City, but Enrico arrives at the train station first only to fall asleep as he reaches the locker. Sinclar's assistant Mr. Grisham and callgirl Vicky steal the money bag, but lose it when the locksmith ties it to the balloon, only for the three to crash their car. The racers follow the balloon until it lands at a charity concert hosted by Smash Mouth. All the racers are persuaded to give the money to charity, Nick forcing Sinclair and his fellow gamblers to pay double the amount raised ."] ['When an unnamed president of the United States is caught in a closed room making advances on an underage "Firefly Girl"  less than two weeks before re-election, Conrad Brean , a top notch spin-doctor, is brought in to try to take the public attention away from the scandal. He decides to construct a fake war with Albania, hoping the media will concentrate on this instead. In order to come up with his \'war\', he contacts a Hollywood producer named Stanley Motss , who brings in a series of specialists who help construct a theme song, build up interest, and fake some footage of an orphan in Albania. The plan\'s setbacks, including an error that led to seizing a criminally insane Army prison convict  to be their "hero" who was "shot down behind enemy lines," do not disturb Motss, who repeatedly claims "this is nothing" while comparing the situation to past movie-making catastrophes he averted. In the end, with the election having taken place and the president re-elected, everything seems fine until Motss finds out from the news outlets that the media are crediting the president\'s win to his tired campaign slogan of "Don\'t change horses in mid stream" rather than Motss\'s elaborate plans. Motss announces that he will call the media to "set them straight," despite Brean\'s warning that he is "toying with his life." When Motss refuses to back down, Brean has him killed and makes it look as if he had a heart attack while tanning next to his pool. The film ends with a news report about a violent incident in Albania, but it is unclear whether this is a true event or simply a continuation of the fictional war.'] ['In Getting any? Minoru Iizuka, also known as "Dankan" , portrays Asao, a naive and goofy man who lives with his grandfather in Saitama Prefecture. Even though Asao is 35 years old, he is very inexperienced with girls, but he absolutely wants to have sex. One day as he watches an erotic TV film, he realizes that all he needs to get girls and sex is a fancy car, so he runs to the closest car dealer. In the TV film, the male character had a Porsche 911 Cabriolet, so Asao aims for a luxury import car dealer. To the seller asking what kind of cars he is looking for, Asao naively answers that he wants "a car for having sex". After trying a cabriolet, with the assistance of a very helpful and somewhat helpless hostess, Asao confesses he is strapped. All he can afford is a used domestic budget-car, so he is forced to buy a Honda Today, a modest K-car which is very cheap compared to the Mercedes-Benz, Rolls Royce, Aston Martin and Ferrari displayed in the show room.  Asao imagines stewardesses are naked and offer "on-board sex service" to first class 747 customers, so he decides to travel by plane. Since he does not have any money, he will do an armed bank robbery, but first he needs a weapon, so he heads to Kawaguchi City  where he will be able to make his own revolver in the local iron foundry. Eventually, he has many adventures such as joining the yakuza, becoming Zatoichi, becoming invisible, and getting transformed into a giant fly-man a la the film The Fly. The movie ends with his capture after diving into a large reservoir of feces. After the credits, there is a scene where Asao jumps around Tokyo as the fly-man before landing/getting impaled on Tokyo Tower.'] ['The film opens with Katie  and Becca  meeting a gruesome, supernatural death seven days after watching a cursed videotape ([[The Ring . They die when the TV turns on by itself. In a farm outside Washington D.C., a widowed farmer and former reverend, Tom Logan  and his clumsy brother George  are walking through the farmfields when they discover a crop circle ([[Signs . The "circle" is part of a large arrow carved into the crops which point at the Logan house and spells out "ATTACK HERE". Since the previous film, the gang have all gone their separate ways. In Washington, Cindy Campbell , now an anchorwoman, announces the crop circles on the news and afterwards has an argument with her boss. He only wants stories featuring sex, violence and the weather. She later picks up her paranormally endowed nephew Cody  from school, where her best friend Brenda Meeks  now works as a teacher and is no longer dating Ray Wilkins . George Logan arrives to pick up his niece Sue, who is in the same class. George and Cindy are instantly smitten and he invites Cindy and Brenda to a rap-battle with his rapper friends Mahalik  and CJ ([[Kevin Hart  ([[8 Mile . Later that evening, George competes proves to actually be quite talented. But due to some unintentional racist blunders, he is thrown out. Following the battle, Brenda asks Cindy to keep her company, since she watched the cursed videotape herself. After playing several pranks on Cindy, she gets the rest of the popcorn in the lounge and is killed by the undead girl, Tabitha , who emerges from the set. George receives a phone call about the death and Tom meets with Sayaman, who apologises for the accident involving himself and Tom\'s wife Annie . During Brenda\'s wake, George and Mahalik wreak havoc on Brenda\'s corpse trying to bring her back to life. Cindy decides to watch the tape for herself and is also cursed. She calls George, CJ and Mahalik for help. CJ offers that his Aunt Shaneequa, might be able to help. Aunt Shaneequa , the Matrix The Oracle, and her husband Orpheus  agree to watch the tape. Shaneequa discovers the hidden image of a lighthouse, which Cindy must find to solve the mystery. When Cindy returns home, she finds that Cody watched the tape, condemning him to certain death. Back at work, Cindy searches through pictures of lighthouses, before finding the one from the tape. Desperate to save Cody\'s life, Cindy tries to warn everyone by entering a message into the news anchor\'s teleprompter, but she is interrupted by her boss and a janitor. The Logans hear the message and take it seriously since they encountered an alien disguised as Michael Jackson, and President Baxter Harris , who personally visits the farm to investigate the crop circles. Cindy ventures to the lighthouse, where she encounters The Architect . The loquacious  old man explains the story behind the killer tape. Tabitha was his evil adopted daughter, whom his wife drowned in the farm\'s well, but not before she imprinted her evil onto the tape. Unfortunately, he mistook the evil tape for a copy of Pootie Tang and returned it to Blockbuster Inc. instead, unleashing the curse. Returning home, Cindy discovers that her station has been broadcasting the evil tape for hours, and there have been various sightings of aliens around the world. Worse, Cody is missing. Cindy manages to track him back to the Logan farm, where he has taken refuge with George. Tom orders everybody into the basement for safety, as he, George and Mahalik go outside to fight off the extraterrestrials. The aliens  arrive, but reveal that they are in fact friendly and have come to stop Tabitha, since they accidentally watched the tape on a broadcast they had intercepted, thinking it was Pootie Tang. In the basement, Cindy realizes that the farm\'s cellar is what is seen on the tape and she finds the well where Tabitha was drowned under the cellar floor. Suddenly, Tabitha appears behind her. A short fight ensues, during which Tabitha takes Cody hostage. Cindy and George appeal to her, offering her a place in their family. Tabitha appears to accept the offer, and Cindy replies with "Really?" but Tabitha also replies with "Nah I\'m just screwing with you." and advances to Cindy and the others, but is accidentally knocked back into the well by President Harris. The aliens leave in peace, and Cindy and George get married. Leaving for their honeymoon, they realize they forget to take Cody with them, and the boy gets hit by a car while chasing them down the road.'] ['{{Plot}} Mike Frye  and Deborah Patterson , co-owners of an advertising firm, have a big hit when they recycle some old Western films starring "Smoky" Callaway  for a new television audience. Tom Lorrison , the show\'s sponsor, is eager to make more films, but nobody has seen Smoky in ten years. Under intense pressure to produce the star, Frye hires Smoky\'s agent, Georgie Markham ([[Jesse White , to go look for him. Salvation comes in the form of a letter from a real cowboy named "Stretch" Barnes , who complains that his friends keep making fun of him because of his resemblance to Smoky. After one look at the enclosed photograph, Frye and Patterson travel to see him. They talk a reluctant Stretch into impersonating Smoky, telling him that Smoky is dead. After a dinner with Lorrison and his wife Martha , a big fan of the actor, Frye and Patterson get the go-ahead to launch a marketing campaign. Patterson heads out on a nation-wide publicity tour with Stretch. As they spend time together, Stretch falls in love with her and eventually presents her with an engagement ring. She is reluctant to accept it, but he tells her to keep it and put it on only if she ever decides she loves him back. Things get sticky when Markham finally finds Smoky in a Mexican bar. He has not changed a bit; he is still a selfish, womanizing drunk. Smoky is uninterested in going back to work, but Markham shanghais him and talks him into it on the boat trip back. Frye is not pleased when Smoky shows up in his office, but sees he has no choice. He sends Smoky to a health farm to get back into shape. However, despite strict supervision, Smoky manages to stash bottles of liquor everywhere. When a woman accosts Stretch on the street and accuses him of not doing anything for needy children, he is moved. After some thought, he secretly hires a lawyer to set up a children\'s foundation which will receive all of his earnings except a modest allowance for him . When Smoky and Stretch meet by chance, Stretch discovers he has been duped and decides to go home. That night, the law firm\'s west coast representative  shows up with the legal document setting up the charity foundation. Stretch comes up with a plan. With Smoky still out of shape, Frye and Patterson had begged him to make an appearance at the Los Angeles Coliseum. Stretch decides to accept, intending to sign the document in front of 90,000 fans and dignitaries. When Smoky learns of his scheme, he objects; the two men get into a brawl and Smoky gets knocked out. Frye and Markham try to intervene and suffer the same fate. When Smoky comes to, he realizes he cannot stop Stretch, so he goes back to Mexico since he would only get paid a modest salary for a lot of hard work. At the Coliseum, Stretch runs into Patterson, who not only approves of his plan, but is also wearing his ring.'] ['The movie begins at a place which appears to be Nevada\'s legendary Area 51. A visiting general is led down into an underground complex where he is shown a captured alien. The alien resembles a chubby Vulcan in a cowboy costume, and greets the general with a "What are you looking at so stupidly?". The next scene opens 300 years later, in 2304. Earth is under attack by the fleet of the Mars Regulator and his asthmathic right hand  Jens Maul.<ref name1033 "Dreamship Surprise - Period 1"] German Films, official website. Retrieved November 24, 2010 With most of Earth\'s forces destroyed, the Queen Metapha  of Earth and her secretaries debate their last options. They decide to call for the crew of the Surprise, Earth\'s last available ship, to travel 300 years back in time. Their mission is to destroy a UFO which had crashed in Nevada in 2004. Its technology had enabled mankind to colonize Mars in the first place,<ref name63 "Raumschiff Surprise: Periode 1"] Adventure Treff.  Retrieved November 23, 2010 {{de icon}} hence its destruction would prevent the attack 300 years later. (A similar theme appears in the [[Terminator  At first, Captain Kork is very reluctant to follow the order to return to Earth immediately , but ultimately, he changes his mind. Technical problems prevent direct transport however, so Kork orders Schrotty to call a space taxi. The taxi is driven by Rock , who is found attractive by both Kork and Spuck. Rock manages to break through the Martian blockade, but during the action, the taxi is chased and damaged heavily, finally crashing beside the Queen\'s palace. Kork, Spuck and Schrotty are advised of their mission and are then seated into the time machine, which looks like an old sofa. When the Regulator\'s forces attack the capital city, Rock and Metapha join Kork and Spucky "in" the device, while Schrotty remains behind. Jens Maul acquires the time machine\'s manual, builds his own and follows the foursome back in time. Under constant harassment by Jens Maul, the travellers have a couple of unplanned sojourns. In 1304 Britain, during a tournament held by Lord William the Last , then in Nevada during the Wild West era, they run afoul of Santa Maria . Upon arrival in the West, the time sofa is smashed by a speeding train, but the group captures Maul\'s time machine and uses it to reach the year 2004. Once more, they encounter Maul, who has painstakingly reassembled the ruined time sofa, and witness the UFO crashing. It turns out to be no bigger than a football and its occupant the size of a human hand. A beer-guzzling alien emerges and, in its haste to consume more alcohol, it begins to choke. Spucky tries to help by offering Maul\'s asthma spray, but the pressure created by the device blows up the creature. The group obliterates the UFO and scrambles onto the sofa, just as the local military arrives. The control panel shows an overload of 76.375 kilograms – Spucky\'s exact weight. With a heavy heart, Spucky remains behind. The story switches back to Area 51, where Spuck has just finished telling his tale. The government officials are not convinced until Spuck provides proof in the form of a futuristic piece of technology, a thermometer with a vibrating alarm, which he had inserted just before departure. As Kork, Rock and Metapha get back to the future, Spuck is already awaiting them. Spuck has survived because he\'s a Vulcanette, who have extraordinarily long lifespans, and has been busy re-decorating Earth within the last 300 years . Kork and his men get to participate in the Miss Waikiki contest after all - but the ever-relentless Jens Maul has the last word.'] ['The film begins with three aliens, one blue, one red, and one yellow, traveling to Earth in a flying saucer. While watching a holographic music video of a multi-coloured female of their species, they enter Earth\'s atmosphere somewhere over California. Valerie Gail  is a valley girl manicurist who works for the "Curl Up & Dye" hair salon. When she feels her cold fiancé Dr. Ted Gallagher  is slipping away, she attempts to seduce him with a new look; instead she catches him cheating on her with his nurse. She kicks him out and refuses to see him until the wedding. The next day, she is sunbathing when the aliens\' spaceship crash lands in her pool. Wanting them to blend in to their surroundings, she takes them to her friend Candy Pink . After shaving off the aliens\' fur, they turn out to be attractive men. They all go out and party at Los Angeles nightclubs. The three aliens — red Wiploc , yellow Zeebo  and blue Mac — absorb human  culture through ten minutes of television, and Valerie takes them on a tour of human culture. Valerie and Mac discover that they are much better off together and she leaves with them once the ship has been repaired.'] ['The morals and customs of the "native peoples" of Upper Austria are described by a team of anthropologists from Sub-Saharan Africa in the style of European and American anthropologists in the non-western world. While making the film, they discover new cultural phenomena. Wippersberg turns around the research methodology of Western anthropologists of performing ethnologic studies, and then popularising them by means of a documentary film. The name of the film derives from the discovery that the researchers made, that the churches were vacated, but the locals instead tend to gather in large tents, and drink a yellowish fluid by the litre, while primarily eating chicken and then engaging in a chicken dance. The researchers come to the conclusion that the chicken has taken the religious-sacrificial role of the lamb.'] ['Jack Faro  is, at the time of the film, a recovering drug addict who has had so many relapses in the past, he ultimately decided to move into his rehab and just live there. Having been married 75 times, he is a serial husband and is always on the lookout for number 76 . Even with his faults, he is a lovable guy who, just out of rehab, enters The Grand: a huge Texas Hold \'Em poker tournament in Las Vegas created by his grandfather Lucky Faro . His main motivation is to win the 10 million dollar pot to cover a loan he got from another ultimately apathetic casino owner to keep open his family\'s casino, The Rabbit\'s Foot, whom his grandfather left him when he died and that he has mismanaged into the ground. It is also a matter of contention in the film that Jack is playing in a poker competition that he owns. The rest of the players all "won" their seats after winning an online poker tournament. The other players in The Grand include the Schwartzman twins, Larry  and Lainie , who have been forced into a sibling rivalry throughout their lives by their father . Harold Melvin  is a genius with social issues who still lives with his mother . Other contestants are Andy Andrews , a math teacher; Deuce Fairbanks , a wily old veteran of Vegas, and The German , a cheater who ritualistically sacrifices small animals to gain luck at cards.'] ['Mel Funn , a great film director, is now recovering from a drinking problem and down on his luck. He sets out to Big Picture Studios to pitch a new script to the Chief, aided by his ever-present sidekicks Dom Bell  and Marty Eggs . His big idea: the first silent motion picture in forty years. At first the Chief , who is in danger of losing the studio to the  rabid and greedy New York conglomerate Engulf & Devour (Harold Gould and [[Ron Carey , rejects the idea, but Funn convinces him that if he can get Hollywood\'s biggest stars to be in the film, he could save the studio. Funn, Eggs, and Bell proceed to recruit various people for the film. Their first target is Burt Reynolds, whom they first surprise in his shower. This does not go well, but they are able to sign him on by appearing at his house in disguise . They recruit James Caan despite a disastrous lunch in his broken trailer, and then torture Liza Minnelli at the commissary . They then disguise themselves as Flamenco dancers to get close to Anne Bancroft at a nightclub, and sign her on as well after a comical dance sequence. News breaks out that the Chief has taken ill and is in the hospital. While there, Mel phones Marcel Marceau in Paris who apparently declines the offer, delivering the only line of dialogue in the film, in French: "Non!" When asked by the others what Marceau said, Funn explains he doesn\'t understand French. It is never stated, but can be inferred that Marceau later changed his mind. Paul Newman is seen on the hospital grounds. After leading them on a wild Hollywood-style chase in electric wheelchairs, he asks to be in the film. Funn and company reply with the typical Hollywood-esque "We\'ll get back to you." In the next shot, a newspaper ad indicates that they rejected Newman. In the process of their search for stars, the trio have a number of brief but funny misadventures, including a mixup between two German Shepherds , a flying blueberry pie, and several  efforts by Marty Eggs to seduce various women. The most notable encounter involves a Coca Cola machine that dispenses cans by launching them like grenades. Engulf and Devour, meanwhile, worry that Funn will save Big Picture Studios and they will be unable to buy it. They attempt to "stop Funn with sex" by sending voluptuous nightclub sensation Vilma Kaplan  to seduce Funn and pretend to be in love with him. Funn falls head over heels, but when Eggs and Bell reveal the truth to him on the day before filming begins, the director returns to drinking. Ironically, moments after this turn of events, Vilma is seen calling Mr. Engulf with the news that she is quitting: she has fallen for Funn for real. She and Funn\'s associates find the director passed-out in a pile of winos, and several hundred cups of coffee sober him up. Funn\'s silent movie is completed in record time. Unfortunately, the only copy of it is stolen from the theater by Engulf & Devour just before its big premiere. Vilma volunteers to stall the theater\'s audience with her nightclub act while Funn and his associates go out to steal back their film. They succeed, but are chased by Engulf and Devour\'s thuggish executives. They are eventually cornered, but fortunately they are near the violent soda machine, which they use against their foes. Most of the executives, including Mr. Devour, are disabled by the exploding cans of Coke, allowing Funn, Eggs, and Bell to escape. They hurry the film to the theater, where it is shown for the first time. After the movie is over, the audience applauds wildly and leaps to its feet while balloons and streamers fill the air. "They seem to like it," Funn says. The film ends with the jubilant audience filing out of the theater past Funn, Eggs, Bell, Vilma, and the recovered studio chief. At the end, a title card is shown: "This is a true story."'] ['The story begins at Los Angeles airport, where Dr. Richard Thorndyke  has several odd encounters. He leaves for the institute with his driver, Brophy ([[Ron Carey . Upon his arrival, he is greeted by the staff, Dr. Montague , Dr. Wentworth  and Nurse Diesel . When he goes to his room, a large rock is thrown through the window, with a message of welcome from the Violent Ward. Thorndyke then hears strange noises coming from Nurse Diesel\'s room and when he and Brophy go to investigate, Diesel claims it was the TV. However, it was a passionate session of BDSM with Dr. Montague. The next morning, he is alerted by a light shining through his window. It is coming from the violent ward. Later, Nurse Diesel is talking with Dr. Wentworth. He wants to leave, but she won\'t let him. However, after some arguing, she says she\'ll let him go. When Wentworth is driving home that night, his radio blasts rock music loudly and will not shut off. He is trapped in his car, and he dies from an ear hemorrhage. After this, Thorndyke goes to the grand hotel - the broad-atriumed, vertigo-inducing Hyatt Regency San Francisco, where much to his dismay he is relegated to a room on the top floor, due to a reservation mix-up. He pesters the bellboy  with repeated requests about getting a newspaper, wanting to look in the obituary for information concerning Dr. Wentworth\'s demise. He then takes a shower, during which the bellboy comes and in a frenzy mimics stabbing Thorndyke with the paper while screaming "Here\'s your paper! Happy now?! Happy?" The paper\'s ink runs down the drain, a reference to Psycho. After his shower, a woman bursts through the door; she is Victoria Brisbane , the daughter of Arthur Brisbane . She wants help regarding her father. He agrees to the terms, but then finds out Nurse Diesel\'s plot. The patient is not the real Arthur Brisbane. To stop Thorndyke, Diesel and Montague hire a killer, "Braces" , to impersonate Thorndyke and shoot a man in the lobby. Now with the police after him, he must prove his innocence. He contacts Brophy, and realizes Brophy took a picture of the shooting. The real Thorndyke was in the elevator at the time, so he should be in the picture. He orders Brophy to enlarge the picture. When he goes to call, "Braces" tries to strangle him; however, Thorndyke is able to kill him. Brophy enlarges the photo, and Thorndyke is indeed visible in the picture. Nurse Diesel and Montague capture Brophy and take him to the North Wing. They also take the real Arthur Brisbane to a tower to kill him. As Thorndyke runs up the tower to save him and Brisbane, Nurse Diesel leaps out from the shadows in a witch\'s costume with a broom, and falls out the tower window. Thinking she really is a witch, she tries to act like she\'s flying, ending in her crashing into the rocks below, thus killing her. Dr. Montague appears from the shadows and gives up before being hit in the head by the lighthouse trap door by Brophy. Victoria is reunited with her father and gets married to Thorndyke who go off on Honeymoon.'] ["Montreal West high school student Leon Bronstein  believes that he is the reborn incarnation of Marxist/Bolshevik leader Leon Trotsky. Shortly after he starts to work in his family's clothing factory, he attempts to unionize the workplace with such actions as a hunger strike. He is pulled from his upper-class private school by his father  and sent to the public school system. There, he continues his quest to live out Trotsky's activism, as he is pitted against the strong-willed principal Mr. Berkhoff . Meanwhile, he seeks romance with older graduate student Alexandra .<ref namehttp://tiff.net/filmsandschedules/films/trotsky | titleToronto International Film Festival | date18 May 2010 }} {{Dead link}}"] ['A group of lodgers staying at the home of Dame Beatrice grow bored with their humdrum lives. When Lilly the maid one day gives into temptation and steals a brand new mink coat from their neighbours to replace Dame Beatrice\'s worn-out one, they spring into action. As Lilly had a prison record for her time as a young delinquent they hatch a plan to put back the coat before its owners realise it has gone. Despite several mishaps they manage to safely return the mink without raising suspicions, thanks to a plan drawn up by the retired Major Rayne. The four of them get such a buzz from the operation that they decide to set up a more permanent occupation stealing, rather than returning, mink coats and giving the proceeds to charity. Their first attempt to rob a boutique goes partially wrong, but they still manage to get away with one coat. Once they have the mink, they find it more difficult to dispose of. The Major goes to a shady-looking cafe in Limehouse where he has been reliably told he can find a fence but instead finds it is now run by the Salvation Army. All the while they keep their activities from Lilly, who is now dating a policeman. Eventually Dame Beatrice is able to locate a respectable fence, only to find to her shock it is run by her nephew. He agrees to pay her £550 for it, and she promises to provide many more coats. The money is used to save an orphanage from closure. Her gang then go on a spree, stealing numerous minks from boutiques and storerooms and becoming widely-known due to reports in the newspapers. As their notoriety grows the chance of being caught increases, and they have some narrow escapes. When Lilly one day discovers what they are doing she is horrified and makes them swear they\'ll stop. However, when a request for money comes from a children\'s home they decide to pull of one last job. The Major plans a raid on an illegal gambling party. While Dame Beatrice disguises herself as a gambler, the rest of them dress up as police officers and stage a "raid" of the premises planning to make away with all the fur coats in the cloakroom. Their plan goes asunder when a real police raid is launched and they manage to make their escape with difficulty with only a few furs. Expecting to be arrested at any moment, they are alarmed when an Inspector Pape turns up at their house, especially when he begins talking about furs. They manage to convince him they are a group of harmless eccentrics, and it turns out he had come about a fur stolen from one of the gang, rather than about their sprees. Once he is gone Lilly forces them again to promise they will stop stealing minks. However, once she is gone, Dame Beatrice explains that while they can no long steal minks, they said nothing about not stealing other things. The final scene shows them dressed as Yeoman Warders of the Tower of London proceeding in the direction of the Crown Jewels.'] ['Two Americans in Paris  are reluctantly recruited by the Good Guys Institute  led by John Williams to thwart the plans of the evil crime and espionage organisation THEM led by Theo Marcuse. THEM has plans to steal priceless international art treasures, most notably the Venus de Milo. In addition to the then popular spy film genre, the film spoofs many other item of the day such as cigarette commercials.'] ['Team America exists to stop terrorists from committing world crimes. With a home base within Mount Rushmore, the team consists of: Lisa, a psychologist; Carson, Lisa\'s love interest; Sarah, an alleged psychic; Joe, an all-American jock who is in love with Sarah; and Chris, a technological and martial arts expert who harbors a mistrust of actors. The team is led by Spottswoode, a United States government agent. I.N.T.E.L.L.I.G.E.N.C.E. is their highly-advanced supercomputer. The story opens in Paris, France, where the team interrupts a group of terrorists in action. During the ensuing firefight, the Team destroys the Eiffel Tower  and the Louvre, "saving" the day but ironically causing more damage than if they had not been present. Carson then proposes to Lisa, but the moment is cut short when a dying terrorist kills Carson. In search of a new member, Spottswoode recruits Gary Johnston, a Broadway actor, who was starring in Lease, and who has college majors in Theater and World Languages. Gary will use his acting talents to infiltrate terrorist organizations. Unbeknownst to the team, North Korean dictator Kim Jong-il is supplying international terrorists with weapons of mass destruction, planning a mysterious worldwide attack. I.N.T.E.L.L.I.G.E.N.C.E. is informed of a terrorist meeting in Cairo, Egypt. Gary manages to successfully infiltrate the terrorist group due to his fluency in their language, which is shown to be a caricature of Arabic that consists mainly of the words "Derka", "Muhammad" and "Jihad". During this time, both Lisa and Sarah become romantically attracted to him. Chris, however, hates Gary, because he is an actor. Gary is sent in undercover, and gains trust of a terrorist lieutenant despite having a poor disguise. The team attempts to capture the terrorists, and although Team America successfully foils the plan, their actions again leave most of the city in ruins. The group is criticized by the Film Actors Guild ([[Faggot , a union of liberal Hollywood actors. The group includes Gary\'s favorite actor, Alec Baldwin, and his heavy criticism is discouraging to Gary. Meanwhile, the United Nations assign Hans Blix to inspect Kim Jong-il\'s lair, but Blix is killed by Kim Jong-il\'s man-eating sharks. As Team America relaxes, Gary expresses his guilt to Lisa, remembering a time where his acting talent caused his brother to be killed by gorillas. As the two consummate their relationship, a group of terrorists blow up the Panama Canal. The Film Actors Guild blames Team America, believing that they are responsible, as the terrorists claim this is retaliation for Team America\'s attack in Egypt. Gary, realizing his acting talents have once again resulted in a tumult, abandons the team, causing conflict among the remaining members. Believing the terrorists to be operating within Derkaderkastan, the original members depart, only to be attacked and captured by terrorists and the North Koreans, respectively. Meanwhile, Michael Moore infiltrates the team\'s base and suicide bombs the area. Kim Jong-il, upset with the terrorists\' actions, expresses his frustration and despair by singing "I\'m So Ronery". Meanwhile, Gary slips further into alcoholism. In North Korea, Kim Jong-il plans to host an elaborate peace ceremony, inviting not only the Film Actors Guild, but also the world\'s political leaders. Alec Baldwin is chosen as the ceremony\'s host. During the celebration, a series of bombs will be detonated throughout the world, reducing every nation to a Third World country. Gary returns to the Team\'s headquarters in Mount Rushmore and finds only ruins, although Spottswoode and I.N.T.E.L.L.I.G.E.N.C.E. have survived. After regaining Spottswoode\'s trust by performing oral sex on him, and undergoing a one-day training course (shown as a [[Montage , Gary is sent to North Korea. Gary manages to free the team. They are confronted by the Film Actors Guild and a violent battle ensues, which involves panthers being released at the team, and leaving most of the Guild brutally slain, with Alec Baldwin remaining alive as the host of the ceremony. Soon after, Chris confesses to Gary that his mistrust of actors is due to the fact that he was raped by the cast of Cats at the age of nineteen. The team then confronts Kim Jong-il. Although initially unsuccessful, Gary convinces the world\'s leaders to unite when he recites the drifter\'s emotional speech that he heard in the bar, stunning Alec. Kim Jong-il then kills Alec with an assault rifle, but is defeated by Lisa and impaled on a Pickelhaube. Kim\'s bombs are disarmed; and he is revealed to be a cockroach from another planet. He flees, departing in a miniature spaceship, but promises to return. When Gary and Lisa begin a relationship, the team reunites, preparing to combat the remainder of the world\'s terrorists.'] ['Wallace Ritchie  flies from Des Moines, Iowa to England to spend his birthday with his brother, James , the same evening James is to hold a business dinner. Though James is all too happy to spend time with Wally, his presence threatens to sour the evening, and so James sets Wallace up with an interactive improv theatre business, the "Theatre of Life," which promises to treat the participant as a character in a crime drama. Before the night begins, James hands Wallace a pair of Ambassador cigars, promising to "fire them up" before midnight in celebration of Wally\'s birthday. Trouble begins when Wallace answers a phone call intended for a hitman at the same payphone that the Theatre of Life uses for its act. The contact, Sir Roger Daggenhurst , mistakes Wallace as a hitman he\'d hired named Spencer. Thinking it\'s part of the act, Wallace uses that identity. The real Spencer  picks up the phone call meant for Wally and murders one of the actors, prompting a search for Wallace. Sir Roger, his assistant Hawkins , the British Defense Minister Gilbert Embleton , and a Russian intelligence member Sergei  plan to detonate an explosive device  during a dinner between British and Russian dignitaries, in order to rekindle the Cold War and replace their aging technology. Still believing he\'s acting with the Theatre of Life even after he is comedically mugged, Wally meets Lori , Embleton\'s call-girl. Lori plans to blackmail Embleton for a substantial amount of money using letters that detail the assassination plot. Spencer was hired specifically to eliminate her and destroy the letters. Wallace scares off Embleton when he arrives to look for them and drives Spencer off. Fearing their plot will be revealed, Daggenhurst hires two "plumbers", while Sergei hires now-inactive spy Boris "The Butcher" Blavasky , all charged with eliminating "Spencer". Boris succeeds in killing the real Spencer, but Wallace and Lori come back, retrieving the letters. When Wallace uses Spencer\'s communicator during a conversation with Daggenhurst, he tells him that "I know a couple of guys who\'re hoping to fire up some big Ambassadors, at 11:59," referring to James\' promise. Thinking the words refer to the assassination plot, both sides believe he is an American spy that has caught on to their scheme. After a police chase ends with Daggenhurst convincing the police that Wallace is a spy, Daggenhurst offers Wallace and Lori 3 million British pounds in return for the letters, at the same hotel where the dinner is taking place. This is a ruse to capture them both and kill them off. All the while Wally gets close to his "co-star" Lori, who confesses she\'d love to study acting once they\'re paid. Wally contacts James, but is captured, prompting James to call the Theatre for more time. By this point, the police have interrogated the actors and are waiting for answers from James, who thinks the officer he\'s talking to is an uncooperative actor. Believing James is an accomplice to the murder, they send a strike team to foil what they believe was a terrorist plot. However, James has already left to seek Wally at the hotel, having seen the news report that Wallace had murdered an actor. Wally meets Boris face-to-face, but Boris\' attempts to find out who he\'s working for with truth serum fails . Boris opts for torture by Dr. Rudmilla Kropotkin , but Wally and Lori escape. Lori and Wally separate, while James is captured and sent to Dr. Kropotkin while looking for Wally. Wally unwittingly finds himself as part of a group of Russian folk dancers. During the routine, he uses the Matryoshka doll bomb, disarms it seconds before it goes off, blocks a poison dart from Boris, and completely steals the show with his improvised dancing. Realizing their plot has failed, Sergei and Daggenhurst bring out two bags containing the promised 3 million for Wallace and Lori and release James, who is exhausted but otherwise fine after his torture session. Boris congratulates Wallace for his impressive covert skills and gives him a souvenir pistol, telling Wallace he will continue his butcher shop business. Sergei and Daggenhurst attempt to escape with half the money and discover Wally\'s doll, which they believe is only a normal one he picked out for himself. They are proven wrong when they realign the doll, reactivating the bomb and blowing them up, just as Wally and Lori share a kiss. Some time later on an exotic beach Wally unwittingly incapacitates a spy , passing a test by an unknown American espionage group. Believing he is capable of being a top agent, they offer him a position on "the team". Thinking that they wish to make him a movie star, Wallace accepts their offer. The movie ends with Wallace persuading them to act like dogs, desperate to have him join them.'] ['Melvin Ferd III  is a stereotypical 98-pound weakling. He works as a janitor at a health club in the fictional Tromaville, New Jersey. There, he is tormented by his customers, particularly Bozo , Slug , Wanda , and Julie , who harass and tease him constantly. The Mayor of Tromaville is Peter Belgoody  who unknown to the citizens of the town is also the leader of a massive Tromaville crime ring, but hides this fact by promoting good will and proposed justice to the town as a cover-up. As days go by Melvin\'s tormentors grow more and more violent, even killing a young boy on a bike by running him over with their car and taking photos of the carnage afterwards. Finally one day, they trick Melvin into wearing a pink tutu and kissing a sheep. He is chased around the health club by other customers and jumps out of a second story window. He lands in a drum of toxic waste which immediately causes severe burns and disfigurement. Despite the burning chemicals even causing him to burst into flames, Melvin survives and stumbles home. Drawing a bath to try and scrub some of the chemical residue from his horribly scarred flesh, Melvin begins his transformation into a hideously deformed creature of superhuman size and strength. Elsewhere, a group of drug dealers led by the criminal Cigar Face  are harassing a police officer by the name of O\'Clancy , trying to buy him off. When he refuses to accept the money, Cigar Face and his gang attack and brutalize him. Then, just as Cigar Face prepare to castrate Officer O\'Clancy with his gun, a large creature  comes out of nowhere and violently kills the criminals Knuckles  and Nipples . Then he then leaves a mop on their faces as a call sign. Cigar Face survives, but has had his testicles smashed by the creature before escaping. O\'Clancy is initially terrified of the creature but soon learns he was only trying to help him as the creature approaches him and politely apologizes for his behavior as he has "never done this sort of thing before". The officer\'s rescuer, dubbed the "Monster Hero", is the now profoundly mutated Melvin. He tries to return home, but his mother  ends up fainting upon the sight of him. Wracked with sorrow, the Monster Hero builds a makeshift home in the junkyard. Mayor Belgoody is shocked at the deaths of some of his goons, but is still confident that the Monster will not come looking for him, hoping that one of his goons will kill him eventually. Elsewhere in Tromaville, a gang of three men consisting of Leroy , Frank , and Rico ([[Michael Russo  are holding up a Mexican fast food restaurant called "The Mexican Place." Leroy kills one of the patrons  and Frank attacks a blind woman named Sarah  after Leroy kills her guide dog. Frank attempts to rape her, but is attacked by the Monster Hero who ends up ripping off Frank\'s right arm. He wreaks bloody vengeance on the three men: Leroy is first covered in whipped cream  before having a milkshake-stirrer rammed into his throat, Rico has his hands and wrists plunged into a deep-fryer, and Frank is stuffed in an oven. The Monster Hero takes Sarah back to her home where they begin to get to know one another and progressively fall in love. The Monster Hero returns to the Health Club, killing a drug dealer  by crushing his face with a weight lifting machine. There, he attacks popular girl Wanda. Afterwards, the Monster is relieving himself in a back alley when a limo pulls up and a pimp tries to push a 12-year-old girl onto him. When he starts to fight back to save the girl, a group of men come out of the limo. He fights them all off and saves the girl. The Monster Hero soon starts building up a friendly reputation in Tromaville by doing all sorts of "superhero" work from saving two younger boys from being run over by Bozo\'s car to even helping the elderly to cross the street. Meanwhile, Mayor Belgoody is becoming more and more aware about what is happening to his goons as not only are they being killed one-by-one by the Monster Hero, but some of them are also turning themselves over to the police for their own safety. He is now worried that their deaths will lead up to him sooner than he expects and wants the Monster Hero to be taken care of. One night, Cigar Face returns  and brings along a new group of Belgoody\'s goons to surround the Monster with guns. Before they fire on him, he jumps up to a fire escape and they end up shooting and killing each other with Cigar Face getting away. The Monster Hero returns to the health club again and attacks Julie. Soon afterwards, he confronts the last of his tormentors Bozo and Slug who have attacked an old woman  and stolen her car when Julie doesn\'t show up. Bozo and Slug try to run him over, but the Monster jumps on top of the car and grabs Slug crushing his neck and throwing him out of the moving car. The Monster Hero then confronts Bozo by grabbing him by the face and terrifies him by revealing himself as Melvin from the accident to a horrified Bozo. After several accidents that occur because of Bozo\'s driving, the Monster tears off the wheel to the car causing Bozo to drive off the side of a cliff. The car crashes and bursts into flames burning Bozo alive, but unaffecting the monster. One day, when the Monster Hero kills a seemingly innocent old midget woman in a dry cleaning store  by throwing her into the store\'s washing machine, the Monster Hero wanders back to his junkyard home revealing his true identity to Sarah and feeling terrified and guilty for what he has become. Sarah however tells Melvin that she still loves him no matter what he looks like and the two decide to move away from the city and take a tent into nearby woods. However, Belgoody finds out about the Monster Hero\'s "mishap" and uses this opportunity to call in the National Guard in hopes of finally killing him. Soon Sarah and the Monster are discovered in the woods and now surrounded by both the National Guard and the townspeople. Mayor Belgoody comes intent on killing him . But thanks to the Monster\'s kind duties to the town, the people of Tromaville including the Monster Hero\'s mother will have none of it. Mayor Belgoody\'s evil ways are exposed after he threatens to kill O\'Clancy for trying to take his gun away from him, and the Monster Hero proceeds to rip out Belgoody\'s organs to see if he has "any guts". The film ends with the townspeople\'s celebration at the Monster\'s acceptance and a reassuring epilogue that wherever evil brews in Tromaville, Melvin the Monster Hero, now dubbed the "Toxic Avenger", will be there to protect the town.'] ['Samuel L. Jackson narrates the story about a group of male penguins that make a 70-mile trek to go to their breeding grounds where females are waiting to have sex with them. These penguins include Carl  and Jimmy , two friends who talk about relationships and other things as they meet new characters including Marcus , a penguin who likes to kid around and brag about his huge penis , and Steve the snowy owl , who gives Carl advice on his life in a Freudian kind of way while billing him for the two quick sessions. Meanwhile, Melissa  and Vicky  argue about men and other women who bother them as they wait for their mates to arrive at the breeding grounds.'] ['Larry Abbot  and Vickie Pearle  are radio stars in the Manhattan Mystery Theater who decide to get married. Larry has been plagued with on-air panic attacks and speech impediments lately since he proposed to Vickie. Vickie thinks it\'s just pre-wedding jitters, but his affliction could get them both fired. Larry\'s uncle, Dr. Paul Abbot, decides that Larry needs to be cured of his neurotic speech defect and exaggerated panic attacks. Paul decides to treat him with a form of shock therapy to "scare him to death" in much the same way someone might try to startle someone out of hiccups. Larry chooses the castle-like mansion located in rural upstate New York in which he grew up as the site for their wedding. There, Vickie gets to meet Larry\'s eccentric family: great-aunt Kate , who plans to leave all her money to Larry; his uncle, Francis; and Larry\'s cousins, Charles, Nora, Susan, and the cross-dressing Francis Jr. Also present are the estate\'s butler, Pfister, and his wife, Rachel, the maid; Sylvia, Larry\'s old girlfriend who is now married to Charles; and Susan\'s magician husband, Montego the Magnificent. Paul decides this is the perfect opportunity to set his plan to "cure" Larry in motion and he gets the other family members in on the plan. Unfortunately for all of them, something else more sinister and unexpected is lurking at the Abbot Estates. The pre-wedding party becomes a real life version of Larry and Vickie\'s radio murder mysteries.'] ['A Brazilian industrialist  plans to sterilize the human race through the use of his satellite and to personally repopulate the planet with beautiful women he has kidnapped and is holding in suspended animation. A down-to-earth CIA agent , an aristocratic female MI-6 agent , and her chauffeur , driving a Rolls-Royce car filled with spy gadgets, team up to stop the industrialist.'] ['Lee Simon  is an unsuccessful novelist turned travel writer who immerses himself in celebrity journalism following a midlife crisis and subsequent divorce from his insecure wife, Robin , a former English teacher, after sixteen years of marriage. As he stumbles his way through both professional encounters and sexual escapades with performers, models, and other players in the world of entertainment, Lee increasingly questions his purpose in life. He blows numerous opportunities due to his fame-seeking and neuroses. Meanwhile, Robin trades her many neuroses for a makeover and a job with television producer Tony Gardella  that leads to her own celebrity interview program. She takes advantage of numerous opportunities and ends up happy and successful.'] ['Set in medieval England, the plot nominally concerns the struggle to restore the rightful heir, a baby, to the throne after the King and all his family have been disposed of. Kaye plays Hubert Hawkins, an ex-carnival entertainer who becomes minstrel to the Black Fox, a Robin Hood-type character , who actually makes only a few minor appearances in the film. The usurping King Roderick wishes his daughter, Princess Gwendolyn, to marry his neighbor, Sir Griswold of MacElwain, to enlist Griswold\'s aid against the band of rebels headed by the Black Fox. Princess Gwendolyn, however, refuses to marry Griswold, and declares that she will wed only for love, since her personal maid Griselda, who is also a witch, has predicted that a true lover will come to the castle to court her. The marriage plan also does not sit well with Lord Ravenhurst, one of Roderick\'s advisors, who fears that Grisworld\'s presence may lose him his privileged position with the king. Hawkins, whose usual task is to reveal the royal infant\'s distinct birthmark  to prospective rebel recruits, is charged with the task of carrying the child across the country to safety when Roderick\'s men threaten to discover the rebels. Disguised as an old man, he travels with Maid Jean , one of the Fox\'s lieutenants posing as his granddaughter, with whom he is in love and who has also fallen for him. They encounter the King\'s new Jester "Giacomo, \'King of Jesters and Jester of Kings\'"  on his way to the castle and knock him out, and Hawkins impersonates him, hoping to gain entry to the King\'s castle. The plan is to steal the key to a secret passage into the castle, through which the Black Fox could then attack. Hawkins is, however, unaware that the jester he is impersonating is also a famous assassin whom Lord Ravenhurst plans to employ against his rivals. Maid Jean, proceeding alone with the infant king, is captured by the King\'s men, who have been sent to round up pretty young girls to decorate the tournament. At the castle, she entrusts the infant into the care of an infiltrator working as an ostler before she is taken away. Matters become more complicated when Griselda hypnotizes Hawkins to avoid death by her princess\' hands for her as yet unfulfilled promises; in his befuddled state, Hawkins inadvertently introduces Jean to the king, who takes a fancy to her, and gets the key lost, Gwendolyn infatuated with him, and Ravenhurst entrusting him with taking out his rivals, only to have his memory erased by Griselda afterwards. She also kills Ravenhurst\'s competitors Brockhurst, Finsdale and Pertwee according to her own agenda. During the evening banquet, Sir Griswold arrives to solidify his alliance with the king. However, Gwendolyn openly declares her love for the jester, and the enraged King orders Hawkins\' death. Griswold, insulted, announces that, if "Giacomo" were a knight rather than a common clown, he would challenge him to mortal combat. Meanwhile, Ravenhurst and his fellows have learned that Hawkins is an impostor, but wrongfully assume that he is the Black Fox himself; they also find out that Maid Jean is one of the rebels and that the royal heir is in the castle. Still intent on preventing the alliance, Ravenhurst counsels the King that he can get rid of the jester by making him a knight, who would then have to fight Sir Griswold. Although the requirements for Knighthood are usually very rigorous, the King arranges for Hawkins to pass them rapidly. Jean uses her confidence with the king to steal back the key and send it to her band, although she also tries to save Hawkins by asking the Black Fox to substitute for him in the joust. But just before the rebels can use the passage, it collapses, leaving only a small crawlspace. The Black Fox decides to summon Hawkins\' friends, a troupe of acrobatic dwarves he had met earlier, from the carnival and sends them through the passage for a diversionary attack while the rest of the rebels assault the castle from the outside. Back in the castle, Hawkins becomes a knight, and Griswold immediately challenges him to a joust to the death. Griselda, under Gwendolyn\'s orders to protect Hawkins, tries poisoning one of the drinks to be used for the toast immediately before the joust, but through one of his men Griswold also learns of the poison, and after a quarrel between the two combatants about the unpoisoned drink the toast is cancelled. Against all odds, Hawkins wins the joust because his armor was incidentally magnetized by a lightning bolt, but he refuses to deliver the coup de grâce, sparing Griswold\'s life. As Griswold leaves with his soldiers, Ravenhurst denounces Hawkins and Maid Jean to the King. Before the King can pass judgement upon them, Hawkins\'s friends, who have secretly entered the court through the secret passage, rescue him and capture the castle from the King\'s soldiers. During this battle, Ravenhurst attacks Hawkins with a sword. Griselda hastily enchants Hawkins again, giving him expert prowess in fencing - some of the time. Ravenhurst is finally hurled out of the castle into the sea via catapult. Griswold returns to defend the King, but Hawkins reveals the infant king\'s birthmark to him and to his men. The former enemies all pledge allegiance to the true king, Griswold and Gwendolyn become enamored with each other, and Hawkins leads everyone in one last chorus of "Life could not better be".'] ['The protagonist, space archaeologist Simon Watterman, discovers a fossilized "Munchie" in a cave in Peru. Bringing the specimen back to the United States, Watterman\'s son and girlfriend accidentally reanimate it and name it Arnold. Cecil Watterman, Simon\'s evil twin brother and snack food entrepreneur, kidnaps Arnold while Cindy and Paul are making out. When Arnold is hurt by his kidnappers, it becomes aggressive and attacks Cecil\'s adopted son. Attempting to kill Arnold, they chop him into quarters, but instead of dying, Arnold multiplies into four new munchies. The quartet of creatures develop a love of women, beer, attacking people, and junk food in the process.'] ['Batwoman employs the services of several young female agents known as "Batgirls", in her pursuit of justice. Her archenemy is a masked villain named "Rat Fink". Added to the mix is the President and Vice-President of the "Ayjax" Corporation. The company, using plutonium as its fuel source, has created a powerful listening device called "The Atomic Hearing Aid", which allows for limitless eavesdropping. The company has been ordered to destroy the hearing aid by the US Government when the government turned down the offer to buy the listening device  but the President of the company has refused to do so and now is being confronted by Rat Fink about selling him the device. The Vice President of Ayjax recruits Batwoman to protect the device but Rat Fink\'s minions use drugged bowls of soup to drug Batwoman and her allies and steal the device. The two storm the lair and retrieve it, unmasking Rat Fink and converting several of his minions to the side of justice after they fall in love with the Batgirls.'] ["Loreli Daly is an over the hill beauty queen who left her home in Texas following a scandal and has spent recent years overseeing beauty pageants and living vicariously through her current beauty queen daughter, Corinne. On the day that Corrine graduates from beauty school, she discovers a crumpled piece of paper in the trash, asking Loreli to return to the Lonestar state to oversee the Miss Texas Tiara Quest competition. Desperate to ditch her mother and head off to Hollywood, Corrine enlists the help of her childhood friends, conniving reporter Tiffany Dawl and prison guard Liz Guild, to encourage Loreli to return to Texas so the girls can compete in one final pageant -- and Tiffany plans to shoot footage of their trip for use in a beauty queen documentary for The Learning Channel. With further encouragement from her longtime boyfriend Lyle, Loreli agrees to the trip, and they all pack up in Lyle's Winnebago and hit the road. Soon after embarking on their trip, a freak mishap results in death, and the characters find themselves in a constant struggle to get back to Texas."] ['Charlie Drake plays an honest locksmith whose problem is that he cannot resist the challenge of a lock. He gets smoothtalked into a safecracking scheme by a couple of ruthless gangsters. He is duped by a debonair con man into opening a car and safe, and lands in jail for a year. He is released, but gets trapped again. He finds himself as a pawn being manipulated by two gangs, and receives a three year jail sentence and an undeserved reputation as a master thief. With the help of undercover police woman, played by Nyree Dawn Porter, he helps trap the crooks and clear his name.'] ['In 1986, 12-year-old Justin "Rocketshoe" Schumacher and his breakdancing group, The Funky Fresh Boyz, are ready for the annual talent show. The somewhat shy Justin has a crush on Jen, giving her a Garbage Pail Kid card in exchange for her Smurfette figurine, before his rival, the obnoxious rich kid Kip, gives her an expensive necklace. Justin and the Funky Fresh Boyz start the show, and in an effort to impress Jen and win the contest, Justin uses a dangerous and untested headspin maneuver, flips off stage and falls into a coma. Twenty years later, Justin is still in a coma. The doctors tell his desperate parents that at this point, there is little sign that Justin will recover, and they decide to pull the plug on him. As his parents say goodbye and leave, however, a janitor rolls by with a radio playing the same song from the 1986 talent competition, "Rockit" by Herbie Hancock, which jars his brain to function, waking him from his 20-year coma. Justin now finds himself suddenly 32 years old, his parents bankrupt from overdue life support payments, and Jen, who has become a girls\' dance instructor, engaged to Kip. Kip is now an obnoxious promoter, and is set to host a breakdance contest broadcast on national television, with a grand prize of $100,000. Justin realizes that the money could help him repay his parents for what they\'ve spent on his medical bills. Kip is sarcastic and still despises Justin, and schemes to keep him off the show and away from Jen. Justin has a difficult time adjusting to both his deteriorated physical condition and the severe culture shock he encounters after 20 years, and is nearly arrested as a child predator before being recognized by a mall security guard, his old friend and Funky Fresh Boy, Darnell. Darnell, who is now both a toy store employee and a failed inventor frequently slapped around by his wife, explains much of what has changed in the past 20 years to Justin, before introducing him to the rest of the crew. Aki is an accountant, and has lost his old stereotypical Asian accent thanks to English classes; he is also trying to woo a colleague who claims he might have a 2% chance of sleeping with her if he were a professional breakdancer. Hector is now a meter maid, and is even more overweight than he was in school. Despite their reluctance to return to the \'80s lifestyle, they agree to try to retrain their faded breakdancing skills to help Justin. Initially the four are terrible, but their skills improve greatly with Justin\'s help, as Aki studies a Robosapien toy to reclaim his mastery of the robot. Justin and Jen begin reminiscing about the old days, and he eventually asks her on a date, which she thinks is just still a harmless crush. However, with the help of the internet and practicing on Hector wearing a bra, Justin learns how to please a woman quite well. A surprise appearance by David Hasselhoff allows the pair to go on a date in KITT from Knight Rider, however, just as Justin has her shirt off and is making his move, Kip calls, and Jen is reminded that she is still engaged to him and runs off embarrassed. During a rather sour birthday party celebration, Justin is confronted by the diminutive but talented Cole of the Iced Cole Crew, a group hired by Kip to ensure that the Funky Fresh Boyz don\'t win the contest. Cole challenges Justin to a dance-off in the parking lot, and after Cole\'s impressive routine a nervous and depressed Justin vomits on Cole and runs off, too disillusioned to compete on the show. The rest of the Boyz decide to have a breakdancing homeless man stand in for him. Kip gloats to Jen about his psychological victory over Justin, causing her to finally break up with him. As the dance tournament progresses, the Funky Fresh Boyz and the Iced Cole Crew each progress in their individual brackets toward the finals. Jen finds Justin sulking in a local bar, and convinces him that she wants to be with him and to come back to compete in the show. Justin convinces his worried parents that he will be alright, reciting the lyrics to the theme song from Diff\'rent Strokes as an inspirational speech. Although Kip tries to prevent him from dancing, Jen stirs the crowd and Cole into letting him dance, and the FFB get the win when Justin is able to successfully complete the headspin maneuver from \'86. Kip is outraged and has a huge tantrum leading to him challenging Justin to a last dance off but the FFB don\'t give in. Kip is fired from the network, knocked out by a man from earlier in the film for using the word "retarded" and is urinated on by the homeless dancer. The Funky Fresh Boyz win the prize money, and Justin marries Jen. In the epilogue, she is currently teaching him how to use an iPod, though he is having trouble finding out where he puts the cassette tape in. Darnell has invented the 98¢ store, but his wife is still rather abusive towards him. Hector finds work as a Jennifer Lopez impersonator in Las Vegas, and Aki marries his co-worker Yu in a lavish Jewish ceremony, which has increased his chances of sleeping with her to 3%. Kip never recovered fully from being punched, became slightly retarded, and is a judge on Dancing with the Stars.'] ['The story is told in flashback from Death Row as Ronnie Jackson  relates the events to a group of reporters the events that lead to his predicament. Jackson is a baby photographer who dreams about being a real private detective like his friend Sam McCloud . One day he is mistaken for a detective by a mysterious lady in distress  and soon finds himself involved in a murder mystery.'] ['The story, narrated by a criminologist, tells the tale of newly-engaged couple Brad Majors and Janet Weiss, who find themselves lost and with a flat tire on a cold and rainy late November evening. Seeking a phone with which to call for help, Brad and Janet walk to a nearby castle, where they discover a group of strange and outlandish people who are holding an Annual Transylvanian Convention. Brad and Janet watch as the Transylvanians, servants and a tap-dancing groupie dance the film\'s signature song, "Time Warp". They are soon swept into the world of Dr. Frank-N-Furter, a self-proclaimed "Sweet Transvestite" from Transsexual, Transylvania. The ensemble of convention attendees also includes servants Riff Raff , his sister Magenta, and a groupie named Columbia. Frank claims to have discovered the "secret to life itself". His creation, Rocky Horror, is brought to life. The ensuing celebration is soon interrupted by Eddie , an ex-delivery boy, partial brain donor to Rocky, and Columbia\'s lover, who rides out of a deep freeze on a motorcycle. In a jealous rage, Frank corners him and kills him with an ice axe. He then departs with Rocky to a bridal suite off of the laboratory. Brad and Janet are shown to separate bedrooms where each is visited and seduced by Frank, who poses as Brad  and then as Janet . Janet, upset and emotional, wanders off to look for Brad, who she discovers, via a television monitor, is having a post-coital chat with Frank. She then discovers Rocky, cowering in his birth tank, hiding from Riff Raff, who has been tormenting him. While tending to his wounds, Janet becomes intimate with Rocky, as Magenta and Columbia watch from their bedroom monitor. After discovering that his creation is missing, Frank, Brad and Riff Raff return to the lab, where Frank learns that an intruder has entered the building. Dr. Everett Scott, Brad and Janet\'s old high school science teacher, has come looking for his nephew, Eddie, but Frank suspects that Dr. Scott investigates UFOs for the government. Upon learning of Brad and Janet\'s connection to Scott, Frank suspects them of working for him. Frank, Dr. Scott, Brad, and Riff Raff then discover Janet and Rocky together under the sheets in Rocky\'s birth tank, upsetting Frank and Brad. Rocky and the guests are served dinner, which they soon realise has been prepared from Eddie\'s mutilated body. Janet runs screaming into Rocky\'s arms and is slapped and chased through the halls of the castle by a jealous Frank. Janet, Brad, Dr. Scott, Rocky and Columbia all meet in Frank\'s lab, where Frank captures them with the Medusa Transducer, transforming them into statues. They are then forced to perform a live cabaret floor show and have a semi-orgy in the pool , with Frank as the leader. The performance is interrupted by Riff Raff and Magenta, who stage a coup and announce their plan to return to their home planet. In the process, they kill Columbia, Rocky and Frank. They release Brad, Janet and Dr. Scott, and then depart by lifting off in the Castle itself. The narrator then finishes the film by concluding that the human race is equivalent to insects crawling on the planet\'s surface.'] ['The movie begins with Jesus Christ sitting on a beach relaxing and comparing the kingdom of God to a sand castle. He meets up with El Santo and a woman named Mary Magnum. Together they fight lesbian-killing vampires. Jesus fights with mixed martial arts skills and uses his carpentry skills to create weapons to slay vampires.'] ['Orville  is the oldest orphan at the Hideaway Orphans Home. He accidentally winds up inside a truck heading to a top secret laboratory, where he is placed under the guidance of lab worker Lester  to help load supplies onto a rocketship. While onboard, Orville hits the ignition button and the rocket launches, and flies across the country to New Orleans, where Mardi Gras is in progress. They exit the ship and witness "hideous creatures", which are actually costumed celebrants, and conclude that they have landed on Mars. Meanwhile, two escaped convicts, Harry the Horse  and Mugsy , enter the rocket, put on the available spacesuits, and head to New Orleans to rob a bank. Lester and Orville, also clad in spacesuits, are wrongly accused of the crime and rush back to the rocketship, where Mugsy and Harry force them to launch. After landing on Venus, the four men leave the rocketship, and Orville is quickly captured by local guards and brought to Queen Allura , who informs him that Venus is only inhabited by women as men were banished a long time ago. She takes a shine to him and decides that he can stay if he promises to be true to her. He agrees, and has Harry and Mugsy imprisoned for their crimes. Mugsy then convinces one of the female guards to flirt with Orville to prove that he cannot be trusted. Orville "takes the bait", and the Queen orders all of the men to leave her planet. Upon returning to Earth, they are lauded as heroes, and Allura, who is watching the celebration from Venus, sends a spaceship to drop a cake on Orville\'s head.'] ['Richard Jacks  is a perfumer fed up working at a major fragrance company, where he is the butt of the joke with much of his fellow employees. His projects are failures and the feminist executive  is thinking of replacing him with a woman. After his great grandfather dies, Jacks attends the will reading and whilst everyone else receives houses, money and boats, Jacks receives a bunch of science notes, something he is far from happy with. He discovers that his ancestor was in fact Dr. Henry Jekyll. Jacks becomes fascinated about the duality of man and starts performing experiments to refine the formula that separates good and evil. Realizing that his ancestor\'s formula increased male aggression, Jacks decides to add more estrogen to the mixture in the hope that it will prove less dangerous. After a night of monitoring his vital stats after ingesting a formula he put together, he gives up and finally attends a job interview. Although everything appears fine at first, Jacks\' voice soon changes, his nails grow and the hairs on his arms recede back under his skin. Jacks looks puzzled but then feels some strange feelings from his genitalia area and watches in horror as his penis deflates, transforming into a vagina. However, he is still in denial and only realizes what\'s happening when his hair grows and he develops breasts, all while still in the job interview. Horrified, he rushes to his workplace, where the changes begin to work on his face and mind. There, he looks into a bathroom mirror and realizes he is now female. Soon his feminine side takes over the personality. The new female alter-ego names herself Helen Hyde  and introduces herself as Jacks\'s beautiful new assistant. She quickly develops a personality independent of her creator  and at this point acts more like a protagonist and is actually quite likeable: she rewrites Jacks\'s reports, is kind to his secretary, and lovingly flirts with his superiors. Over the next few days she rewards herself with a shopping spree and eventually befriends Jacks\' fiancee, Sarah , and has Sarah move out of Jack\'s apartment so she can have it for herself. Hyde is more than happy with her new life and identity up to this point, but soon after transforms back into Jacks. Jacks returns to work the next day, and, after several comments from his colleagues, realizes that Hyde was real but is unable to access any of her memories due to the fact they are now two separate people. Nonetheless, he feels invigorated and invites Sarah to his place for a romantic meal in order to make up for past transgressions. Everything appears to be going well until he realizes he is again transforming into Hyde, causing Sarah to flee. As it turns out, the instability of his grandfather\'s formula has caused his genes to become unstable, causing Hyde and Jacks to transform into each other without warning. Hyde becomes resentful at having to share a body with Jacks and starts taking advantage of her creator\'s absence by sleeping around the office in order to gain the upper hand - even going as far as to have sex with a homosexual man. Just when Hyde is about to have sex with Jacks\' boss, she starts changing back into Jacks and hides herself in the toilet. Jacks then finds himself horrified by the situation he finds himself in and makes his escape via a nearby window; however, this does not prevent Hyde from becoming his superior at work, disfiguring his colleague , and stealing his ideas. As Hyde grows in influence and power, she sets her sights on displacing the CEO of the company, becoming the first woman ever to rise through the ranks. Jacks later tries to retaliate by subverting Hyde\'s authority, which causes her to declare war on her creator. Knowing no-one would believe him, Jacks desperately tries to record the transformation and handcuffs himself to the bed, only to be horrified as Sarah walks in and finds his closet to be full of lingerie. This leads Sarah to believe that he is having an affair with Hyde. It is only after Sarah leaves that Jacks transforms into Hyde once again. Angered at Jacks\' attempt to expose the truth, Hyde proceeds to burn all of his grandfather\'s documents and warns Jacks via a video of her intentions to take over completely. He then realizes that he is actually starting to spend more time as Hyde than himself and that he has to come up with a plan before he disappears completely. Desperate, Jacks tries to humiliate Hyde in front of her superiors by stripping naked and writing obscenities all over his body in hopes that they will walk in on her after she takes over. But Hyde manages to outsmart him by delaying the change, causing his plan to backfire and himself to be fired from the company. He then turns to Sarah for help, but is rejected because of his supposed affair with Hyde. Just when it looks like Hyde is about to complete her quest for domination, Jacks finally manages to convince Sarah about his condition with the help of CCTV footage from the initial transformation. Sarah then agrees to help as Jacks comes up with a formula that would effectively destroy the Hyde part of himself, but he is forced to take it as Hyde within a certain time frame before Hyde\'s DNA can fuse forever. After he transforms into Hyde, Sarah\'s attempts to inject her with the formula but fails—injecting only about 20% of it, causing random body parts to spontaneous transform parts between male and female. A fire soon breaks out in the apartment and Hyde escapes. Hyde arrives at launch of the perfume that she "invented" , but realizes she is still wearing Jacks\'s clothes. An inebriated woman wearing a black dress then runs into her, and, after offering a sly comment on how fabulous the dress looks, Hyde proceeds to steal it. She then enters the party in full splendour and begins intermingling with the guests. However, the effects of the formula causes her to temporarily grow stubble and her breasts to disappear and reappear. Meanwhile, Sarah, who has snuck into the party, hides in the speech podiumbut is caught by a guard and sent out of the party.'] ['Ricky Hayman  and Kate Newell  work at the  Good Buy Shopping Network, a home shopping channel run by John McBainbridge . Sales have been down over the last two years under Ricky\'s management, and Kate was brought in to come up with new ideas. Ricky views Kate as a threat and she expresses her dislike for him as well. However, John has given Ricky an ultimatum to increase sales, or lose his job. While out driving one day, Ricky and Kate come across a strange man who calls himself "G" . G is unusual in that he wears white robes and is perpetually happy and smiling. He seems to sense how troubled Ricky is, and follows them back to the Good Buy studio. G wanders onto the set of an infomercial, and while he is on the air, the number of calls increases with customers wanting to buy something. Kate notices this and gets G his own spot on the network selling items. Meanwhile, the mutual dislike between Ricky and Kate has faded and they begin to express romantic interest in each other. G\'s infomercials are mostly spontaneous anecdotes or thoughts about life, but customers connect with him and even the slowest-moving items begin selling out. While staying at Ricky\'s house, he enters a party of businessmen and displays his talents by making a Rolex watch "disappear" and curing another man of his fear of flying. Ricky begins marketing G\'s name on other items to increase sales. He wants to give G his own show, but the stressful work environment and throngs of fans who want to meet him begin to take its toll. G is no longer the happy, inspiring man he once was, and when Kate tries to convince John to let G leave the network, he refuses and she quits out of contempt. Ricky reaps the benefits of the increased sales, receiving a large promotion and a new office. However, the rewards seem hollow due to G\'s lethargy and Kate\'s rejection of him. On the night of the premiere of G\'s new show, Ricky searches himself and decides that letting G go is the right choice. He announces his decision to the studio audience and to his boss. Kate hears of his decision and forgives Ricky, racing back to the studio to be with him. They have a romantic reunion on the air, and the show is ended. Afterwards, Ricky and Kate say their goodbyes to the fully recovered G, who wanders off into the distance to continue his pilgrimage.'] ['Detective Allen Gamble  is a mild-mannered forensic accountant. Hot-tempered detective Terry Hoitz  has been stuck with Allen as his partner ever since he shot Derek Jeter during the World Series. Allen and Hoitz often receive no respect from the other officers, particularly detectives Martin and Fosse . Allen and all the policemen at the precinct  idolize cocky detectives Chris Danson and P.K. Highsmith , who are considered the city\'s best policemen even though they frequently cause millions of dollars in property damage catching petty criminals. During a pursuit of a group of jewelry robbers, Danson and Highsmith leap to their deaths after agreeing to aim for the bushes twenty stories below them [there were no bushes], leaving almost everyone wondering why they did it - and who\'s next to take their place. Allen and Terry begin to investigate a scaffolding permit violation by multi-billionaire David Ershon , but wind up uncovering a much bigger plot by Ershon to cover his losses to his client Lendl Global. Lendl CEO Pamela Boardman  hires a team of mercenaries led by Roger Wesley ([[Ray Stevenson  to make sure Ershon pays her back, and to make sure no one stops him from doing so. During their investigation, Allen confides in Terry about his college life running a dating service under the guise of "Gator," adamantly refuting Terry\'s accusation that he was a pimp. When his life spiraled out of control, he was sent to the hospital where he met his future wife Sheila , and he promised Sheila that he would never get out of control again. However, when having dinner one night with Sheila, she tells Allen that she\'s pregnant, causing Allen\'s old dark personality to re-emerge and she kicks him out of the house. Meanwhile, Terry tries and fails to reconnect with his ex-fiance Francine , who walked out on him due to his reckless behavior. Their investigation comes to a halt when Ershon\'s attorney Don Beaman  learns of his plan to cover his losses, leading Wesley to kill him and make it look like a suicide. Angered at their lack of progress, Capt. Gene Mauch  splits up Allen and Terry, sending Terry to traffic duty and Allen to beat patrol. Despite Terry\'s anger at him and his personal life, Allen still tries to solve the crime on his own and after learning that the jewelry robbery that Danson and Highsmith died over was staged so that Wesley and his team could break into an accounting firm next door, he finally gets credible evidence and earns his gun back from Mauch. Allen then convinces Terry to rejoin him. They meet Capt. Mauch at Bed Bath & Beyond, his second job, where the police captain admits he has been holding off on the case because Ershon has high-profile connections that could ruin him, and he allows them to finish the case off-the-books. They go to an investment meeting Ershon is having and realize that the $32 billion Ershon seeks is really coming from the New York Police Department pension fund. They escape with Ershon to his private apartment, and Ershon tells them that the money for the pension fund is already in his account, ready to be transferred. That night, Allen and Terry finally reconcile with their loved ones. Allen professes his full love for Sheila. Sheila welcomes her husband back, and Terry apologizes to Francine for letting his anger rule his life. The next morning, they drive to the bank to stop the transfer, evading Wesley\'s team, groups of Chechen and Nigerian investors to whom Ershon owes money, and police officers who are told Allen and Terry have gone rogue. They reach the bank and halt the transfer, but Wesley arrives and shoots both officers and Ershon. Mauch finally arrives with police backup, rescuing the two and arresting Ershon for his embezzlement, and Wesley for multiple counts of murder. Ershon\'s arrest leads to a stock market crash and the subsequent federal bailout of Lendl Global. Terry gets married to Francine, although he is infatuated with Sheila. Sheila is happily back with her husband. The narrator finishes off stating that the true heroes are the ones who make the world a better place, not the ones who appear in the newspaper or on TV.'] ["The movie continues a few months after the end of the TV series. The main character Detective Sergeant Shunsaku Aoshima has worked his way back up into the investigative division of the Wangan Precinct of the Tokyo Metropolitan Police Department, after being demoted back to patrol duty for insubordination. Shortly after the movie begins, a body is found floating in a river near the edge of the precinct's jurisdiction. However in the spirit of the series, the main concern of the officers on the scene is getting to the body before their counterparts from the other precinct on the other side of the river get to it. The scene eventually degenerates into a cross-river shouting match over bullhorns between the officers from the two precincts. The brass at Wangan Station turn out to be less than happy when their officers manage to recover the body  as it would require a special investigation, which would drain more from the station's already tight budget. At the same time, the station is in an uproar as officers find that someone has been stealing the receipts for on the job expenses that they had originally intended to file for reimbursement. Things are further complicated when the Assistant Commissioner is kidnapped and the investigative team from Metropolitan Police headquarters moves into Wangan Station. The investigation is led by Superintendent Shinji Muroi, whom Aoshima befriended in the TV series. Having promised Aoshima that he would try to reform the bureaucratic mess within the police department and force the local and headquarters officers to work together as equals, Muroi finds that his promise increasingly hard to keep as his decisions are continuously overruled from above by superiors who insist on playing everything by the book. It becomes apparent that Muroi's superiors are setting him up to take the fall in the event the investigation fails. The stratification in the department becomes apparent when the investigators from headquarters immediately delegate the most menial of tasks to the local officers, while receiving special treatment enjoying gourmet bentos while the locals are forced to dine on instant ramen. The locals are forced to work multiple cases at the same time, and find themselves berated by their superiors when mistakes are inevitably made. The film goes on to take on issues such as disaffected youth unable to differentiate between reality and video games, overprotective parents, strange internet subcultures; and on more lighthearted notes, the lack of sidearms, otaku obsessed with cosplay, media frenzies, and even overtly melodramatic movie scenes, as Aoshima and his fellow officers continue to press on through the absurdity."] ["A group of aspiring actors are putting together a musical revue called Love Happy. Harpo, the troupe's mascot, keeps the actors from starving by stealing canned goods from a local grocer. On one occasion, he accidentally grabs a sardine can containing the stolen Romanoff diamonds. As a result, Harpo becomes the target of adventuress Madame Egilichi  and her stooges (Melville Cooper, Raymond Burr, [[Bruce Gordon ."] ["The story begins in a small town in western Montana where New Jersey based bank robber Frank Salazar has been hiding out from the law after a series of bank robberies in Newark. Upon realizing that the local bank contains a large amount of cash, Salazar recruits four former accomplices to come to town and help him rob the bank. Among them are Nick Bartkowski, a nervous and possibly alcoholic safecracker; Max Green, an old school explosives expert with a heart condition; Ray Forgy, a young, wisecracking auto thief and getaway driver; and Carlos Barrios, a well-manicured lookout and weapons expert. Before they can arrive, however, two New Jersey detectives  catch up with Salazar, arrest him, and extradite him back to New Jersey. But Salazar soon escapes and becomes hopelessly lost in the Montana wilderness as he flees Denver and Lonigan's custody. Unaware of Salazar's arrest and escape, the four accomplices arrive and realize that he is nowhere to be found. They finally decide to take down the bank on their own but must go through several humorous ordeals before they can complete their plan."] ['Donna Bon Viant  is a college student, who has to complete an assignment on the 14th century for her African American literature class. She chooses to base her writings on the famous novel of The Three Musketeers by Alexandre Dumas, père. Donna begins to read the novel and falls asleep in the process. She dreams a zany dream involving the adventures of "The Three Muscatels". The adventures include a number of people in Donna\'s life including students in her class, members of her family, and an alcoholic she met earlier in the day named Russell .'] [' ‘World famous photographer of nudes’ Harrison Marks visits an Indian Psychiatrist in Harley Street. While most male viewers imagine that Marks seems to have a dream job, his life taking pictures of naked ladies isn’t without its downside, as depicted in the slapstick opening credits in which clumsy models knock over Marks\' cameras, he gets a pie in the face for trying to touch up one of his subjects, and accidentally snapping a girl in a park causes him to be chased by her boyfriend Burt ([[Howard Nelson . Worried that his ancestors bad luck is rubbing off on him, Marks tells the psychiatrist stories about how his ancestors have also suffered misfortune through the ages-mainly because of their involvement with nude women and ‘the arts’.  Marks’ first anecdote takes place in the prehistoric age. Sculptor ‘Harry Stone Marks’, fresh from carving Stonehenge, is employed to draw a cavewoman housewife in the nude  only to end up pelted with rocks when her husband takes a fancy to Marks’ blonde secretary.  In ancient Egypt, Harrison Hubergritz a lowly Jewish slave is ordered by Pharaoh Akenaten  to spend a lifetime painting the Pharaoh’s harem, symbolized by the accumulation of a powdered beard. After finally completing his masterpiece- Hubergritz accidentally knocks his pyramid home down causing himself and the girls to be buried under a hail of boulders.  In Ancient China, the Fu-Manchu like “Ha-Ri-Son” an oriental offshoot of the Marks family, curses his wife when he finds her in the arms of the gardener. This story is narrated by the actor Charles Gray.  An elderly Greek scholar, who constructs nude statues, has the misfortune to fall in love with every model he meets.  Set during the Oliver Cromwell era. While staying at the manor house of Sir Rupert , Harrison De Chandelier, a renowned painter of nudes is asked to paint a portrait of the lady of the house. Unfortunately roundhead soldiers appear at the Manor, and their leader  orders the painting be destroyed and its creator put in the stocks. This is a semi-remake of one of Marks earlier 8mm glamour films called "The Bare Truth" in which Stuart Samuels played the Max Wall role.  In Victorian England, music hall impresario ‘The Great Marko’, is down on his luck. However a chance meeting with a Cockney cleaning lady -who he imagines topless- provides Marko with the idea of presenting a show based around ‘Living Statues’. A pre-striptease concept of women posing motionless in the nude. The show is a great success however on the verge of making his fortune Marko is arrested on obscenity charges. The mere mention of ‘Living Statues’ causes the Judge in charge of the case  to imagine himself running around naked –save for a judges wig- and ravishing one of Marko’s models. Passing sentence on the buck toothed impresario, the judge gives him a knowing wink and fines him 7’6 pence. Marks distinct buck teeth and wig disguise in this episode was later re-used when Marks played Cornelius Clapworthy in Come Play With Me. Marks’ daughter Josephine Harrison Marks plays the baby girl in this episode, and appears visibly distressed by her fathers made-up appearance.  Poet Byron Marks waxes lyrically about nudes.  Marks plays “Professor Frankenstein Harrison Marks”.  Finally Marks imagines a space age future where women dress in leather and  also wear the trousers. Men played by the same grunting cavemen seen in the first story, are whipped and forced to grovel at the feet of the Space Leader . This is the only story in which Marks does not feature in one of the roles.'] ["The film is set in the late 1970s in Wielice, People's Republic of Poland. Factory worker Filip Mosz  is a nervous new father and a doting husband when he begins filming his daughter's first days with a newly acquired 8mm movie camera. He believes, as he tells his wife, that he now has everything he ever wanted since his youth as an orphan, but when the local Communist Party boss asks him to film an upcoming jubilee celebration of his plant, his fascination with the possibilities of film begins to transform his life. When they see his edited short film of the conference/celebration, his superiors find his shot of a pigeon useless and his shots of several negotiators at a business meeting too probing. His boss suggests that Filip cut the shots of the entertainers being paid, the men going to the bathroom, and the business meeting.  He submits the film to a festival in another town, and gains second prize. No, first prize is awarded because the committee feels that the work was not good enough, even Filip's work, however, he is given an award as an incentive to keep filming. His responsibilities to his wife and daughter slip off his radar as his gaze fixes on Anna Wlodarczyk , various activities he films, and the world of cinephiles. The Kraków TV station airs Filip's film about a little person  who works at the factory and another one about the misallocated town renovation funds. Filip's boss gives him a talking: work on the new nursery school will have to stop because of his expose, and Stasio will lose his job. After that, Filip gets the canister for his as-yet undeveloped new film about the brickyard, opens it and tosses the film out to be exposed to the light. Alone at home, his wife has left with their daughter, Filip turns his, now 16mm, camera on himself."] ['The film\'s premise is that Sherlock Holmes is a fictional character created by Dr. John Watson  to enable him to solve crimes incognito during a period when he was applying for a post at a reclusive medical practise. Although he failed to get the position, to satisfy public demand to see Holmes in person, he hires alcoholic unemployed actor Reginald Kincaid  to play him. "Holmes" and Watson put a stop to a museum robbery, with Watson doing most of the work, but the press only wants to hear from Holmes. When "Holmes" begins hogging the spotlight, a jealous Watson fires him, writes the character off, and tries to start a new series about "The Crime Doctor." However, he must call Holmes back when the British Government wants Holmes and no one else to solve a mystery involving Bank of England £5 banknote printing plates and a printing supervisor, Peter Giles, that went missing the night of the museum robbery. With these stolen, the collapse of the British Empire\'s economy would prove inevitable. Inspector Lestrade  is jealous of Holmes\' apparent sleuthing skills, and takes every opportunity to spy on Holmes and Watson and to steal their ideas. The path of clues leads them to team up with Peter Giles\' daughter, Leslie  and a twelve-year-old Irregular, Wiggins ([[Matt Savage . Just when Watson and "Holmes" discover that Professor Moriarty ([[Paul Freeman  is the mastermind behind the scheme, Watson is apparently killed in an attempt to capture Moriarty, forcing "Holmes" to solve the case on his own. Having tracked the villain to an abandoned theatre, "Holmes" discovers Watson still alive, the two working together to free Giles and defeat Moriarty, Kincaid demonstrating his sword-fighting skills in a duel with Moriarty. Presented with a new appreciation of each other\'s strengths, Watson turns down Kincaid\'s \'offer\' to retire, assuring the public that they will continue their detective work.'] [' The film opens with a montage of scenes reflecting life in the 1990s, with heavy traffic, rushing commuters, and homeless people on the street. Larry Dittmeyer , an unscrupulous real estate developer, explains to his boss that almost all the families in his neighborhood have agreed to sell their property as part of a plan to turn the area into a shopping mall. The only exception is one family, which prompts his angry boss to ask, "What\'s their story?" which leads into the opening blue-box credits of The Brady Bunch. The concept of the film is that although it is set in the 1990s, the Brady family are still portrayed as their 1970s television incarnations and are unaware of the disparity between their lives and their surroundings. The parents, Mike  and Carol , are having breakfast prepared by their housekeeper, Alice , while the six children prepare for school. Jan  is jealous of her elder, popular sister Marcia ; Cindy  is tattling about everything she\'s hearing; Greg  is dreaming of becoming a singer; Peter  is nervous that his voice is breaking; Bobby  is excited about his new role as hall monitor at school. Cindy gives Mike and Carol a tax delinquency notice  stating that they face foreclosure on their house if they do not pay $20,000 in back taxes. The two initially ignore the crisis, but when Mike\'s architectural design is turned down by two potential clients, he tells Carol that they may have to sell the house. Cindy overhears this and tells her siblings and they look for work to raise money to save the house, but their earnings are nowhere near enough to reach the required sum. In a subplot, Marcia is asked by popular Doug Simpson  to go to the school dance with him, when she had already promised to go with nerdy Charlie Anderson . She explains the "difficulty" of the choice to her friend, Noreen , unaware that she is a lesbian and is attracted to Marcia herself. She ends up breaking her promise to Charlie. On the night of the dance, Doug takes her to a lookout point where he French kisses her, only for her to say that she\'s not interested. He abandons her at the side of the road, but she is rescued when a limousine arrives. She later arrives at the dance and introduces the star performer of the night, Davy Jones. He gets a rousing reception from the teachers, and when the backing rock band charges up his performance, the kids respond, too. Marcia apologizes to Charlie, who forgives her and asks her to dance with him. Larry discovers that the Bradys have past-due property taxes and confronts Mike, only to learn that he has finally sold one of his designs and has the money he needs. Larry secretly meets with the client, claiming  that Mike\'s design resulted in a building collapse, which causes him to lose his advance. On the night before the Bradys have to move out, Marcia suggests that they enter a "Search for the Stars" contest, the prize of which is exactly $20,000. Jan, having originally suggested this and been rejected, runs away from home. Cindy sees her leave and tattles, and the whole family goes on a search for her. They use their car\'s C.B. radio, and their transmission is heard by Schultzy , a driver who picks up Jan and convinces her to return home. The next day, the children join the "Search for the Stars" contest with a dated performance that receives poor audience response compared to the more modern performances of other bands. However, the judges — Jones, Micky Dolenz, and Peter Tork, all of the 1960s band The Monkees — vote for them, who win the contest as a result. The tax bill is paid and their neighbors withdraw their homes from the market, foiling Larry\'s plan and securing the neighborhood. The film ends with the arrival of Carol\'s mother , who finally convinces Jan to stop obsessing over Marcia, only for Cindy to start feeling jealous of Jan. In the end credits, the Bradys are in their traditional blue boxes, but are updated for the time and include various humorous outtakes.'] ['At a psychiatric hospital, former Chief Inspector Charles Dreyfus  is largely recovered from the murderous insanity that saw him repeatedly attempt to kill the thorn in his side, Inspector Jacques Clouseau. He is about to be released but Clouseau , who is now Chief Inspector and has arrived to speak on Dreyfus\'s behalf, comes to visit, and his clumsiness and proneness to accidents drive Dreyfus insane again. Soon thereafter, Dreyfus escapes from the asylum, intent on killing Clouseau. His first attempt involves planting a bomb whilst Clouseau destructively duels with his manservant Cato , who is under orders, from Clouseau, to keep Clouseau alert by randomly attacking him. The bomb merely destroys Clouseau\'s apartment whilst Clouseau himself is unharmed, largely because Clouseau has been distracted by an inflatable costume and a telephone call by Dreyfus which was meant to keep him in place for the bombing. Cato, however, ends up in the hospital. Dreyfus sets his sights higher. Using his knowledge of the underworld, he enlists the help of an army of vicious criminals, kidnaps nuclear physicist Professor Hugo Fassbender  and the Professor\'s daughter Margo , forcing the professor to build a "doomsday weapon" in return for his daughter\'s freedom. As Hugo Fassbender cannot bear to hear his daughter undergoing Dreyfus\'s torture , he agrees. Clouseau travels to England to investigate Fassbender\'s disappearance, with typically chaotic results, as Scotland Yard Section Director Alec Drummond  and Superintendent Quinlan  painfully learn. However, Clouseau manages to set his sights on Jarvis, the cross-dressing butler of the Fassbenders, and while Jarvis is killed by the kidnappers, to whom he had become a dangerous witness, Clouseau follows a clue found on the crime scene to the Oktoberfest in Germany. Meanwhile Dreyfus broadcasts himself to the world to announce his ultimatum. Disintegrating the United Nations headquarters in New York City before the disbelieving eyes of the world, he blackmails the leaders of the world, including the President of the United States , into assassinating Clouseau. Forced to take Dreyfus\'s threat seriously, several nations send assassins to kill Clouseau at the Oktoberfest. Many of the nations, however, instruct their assassins to kill other assassins if necessary in order to ensure that their own country can kill Clouseau and thus win Dreyfus\'s favor and possibly get hold of the Doomsday Machine themselves. This, combined with Clouseau\'s typical bumbling fashion, enables Clouseau to evade each assassination attempt just as it is about to happen, so that the assassins all kill each other instead. In the end, only the operatives of Egypt and Russia remain alive. The Egyptian assassin , sneaking into Clouseau\'s hotel room, shoots a man he believes to be Clouseau . The Russian operative, Olga Bariosova , who has sneaked into Clouseau\'s room, seduces the Egyptian, similarly mistaking him for Clouseau. His passionate sexuality convinces her not to assassinate him; when the real Clouseau makes an appearance, he is surprised to discover a beautiful woman in his bed who confuses him further by declaring her undying passion for him, and by finding a dead man in his bath. A tattoo on the dead man, combined with Olga\'s dismissively revealed knowledge, reveals to Clouseau Dreyfus\'s location at a castle in Bavaria. He leaves immediately leaving a confused and frustrated Olga behind him. Dreyfus is elated at Clouseau\'s apparent demise, but his joy is soured by a bad case of toothache. Clouseau, who has arrived in the village near Dreyfus\'s castle but has been denied entry into the castle by a mischievous drawbridge, eventually infiltrates Dreyfus\'s castle hideout disguised as a dentist, intoxicates Dreyfus  with nitrous oxide, and pulls one of Dreyfus\'s healthy teeth. Realising the deception, Dreyfus orders Clouseau killed, but Clouseau escapes. Enraged, Dreyfus means to seek vengeance on the world by destroying England; as he prepares for this, Clouseau, who has been thrown into the castle\'s barnyard, is literally catapulted onto Dreyfus\'s doomsday machine. Clouseau\'s weight redirects the disintegrator so that the beam hits Dreyfus  and the castle. As Dreyfus\'s henchmen, Fassbender, and his daughter, and eventually Clouseau himself escape the dissolving castle, Dreyfus plays "Tiptoe Through the Tulips" on the castle\'s pipe organ, while gradually disintegrating. The castle then disappears entirely, taking Dreyfus with it. Returning to Paris, Clouseau is reunited with Olga, who has dismissed Cato for the evening and intends on completing her seduction of Clouseau. This is interrupted first by Clouseau\'s apparent inability to remove his clothes without a struggle, and then by Cato, who chooses this time to once more follow his orders and attack Clouseau and Olga. The consequent struggle ends when all three are hurled by a reclining bed into the Seine. Immediately thereafter, a cartoon image of Clouseau emerges from the water, which has been tinted pink, and begins swimming, unaware that a gigantic version of the Pink Panther character is waiting below him with a sharp-toothed, open mouth (a reference to the film [[Jaws . The film ends when the animated Clouseau gets chased by the shark in the water  as the credits roll.'] ["When Wanda Holloway was a teen, her father forbade her to try out for her school's cheerleading team. Many years later, when Wanda had a daughter of her own, she was determined that her daughter would fulfill the dream she was denied and become a cheerleader--which would allow Wanda to make up that part of her childhood by reliving it through her daughter. The film takes place in Channelview, Texas. Wanda enrolls her daughter, Shanna, in various dance and gymnastics classes in order to enhance her prospects of becoming a cheerleader. She forces Shanna to practice for hours on end, despite sickness or injury. Wanda's best friend, Verna Heath, and her daughter, Amber, live next door to the Holloway family. Amber is the same age as Shanna and the two teenagers become friends. Verna had been a successful varsity cheerleader when she was young and holds the same ambition as Wanda for her own daughter. Leading up to the cheer-leading tryouts, jealousy sparks between Wanda and Verna, despite the fact that their daughters' friendship remains solid. In the months prior to the tryouts, Wanda forces Shanna to concentrate completely on cheer-leading. At the tryouts, Amber impresses the judges but Shanna is unable to, despite all of her training. Amber makes the squad and Shanna does not, disappointing both Shanna and Wanda. The fact that Shanna did not make it onto the team causes Amber to end the friendship between Verna and Wanda. Wanda, however, does not give up on seeing her daughter become a cheerleader and decides to try again next year. Every day until next year's try outs, Shanna practices frequently at her mother's command. When the time arrives, Amber makes the team and is even promoted to co-captain, but Shanna is disqualified, due to her mother's attempts to bribe the judges and other students. The shock of her daughter's failure for the second time puts Wanda into a mad fit of rage, anger, and jealousy. Wanda decides that if it was not for Amber, Shanna would have definitely been a cheerleader. She becomes obsessed with the notion that living next door to talented Amber had sapped Shanna's confidence and ruined her chances of success. Wanda meets her brother-in-law Terry to take a hit out on Amber and Verna. However, Terry is horrified by Wanda's hate for a 13-year-old girl. He disagrees with the murder of a young vibrant girl - especially over something as petty as cheer-leading. After the rendezvous, Terry decides to turn in Wanda to the police. He meets Wanda again, this time with a tape recorder in order to obtain proof of Wanda's desire to commit homicide. Terry sends the recorded message, along with background information, to the police. Wanda is arrested and sentenced to 15 years in prison, but is set free when it is discovered that a member of the jury at her trial was on probation. Wanda serves only six months for the attempted murder of Amber. In the end, Shanna decides it would be best to quit trying for the cheerleading team. Presently, Shanna and Wanda reside in California, where Shanna is taking modelling, singing and acting classes. Wanda hopes that one day, her daughter will be a famous Hollywood actress, no matter what it takes."] ['The film is set in 1970\'s and follows the titular Black Dynamite, a Vietnam veteran and former CIA agent who vows to clean up the streets of drug dealers and gangsters after his younger brother Jimmy is killed by a shady organization. O\'Leary, Black Dynamite\'s former Army and CIA partner, reinstates him into the agency because they do not want him seeking vengeance by himself. While trying to get to the bottom of Jimmy\'s murder, he finds out that his brother was actually working undercover for the CIA. Black Dynamite also discovers the shady organization is filling the black orphanages with heroin. He declares war on local drug dealers and successfully cleans up the streets, earning him the affection of Gloria, a black power activist who works at the local orphanage. After discovering the government\'s involvement in the drug ring, Black Dynamite steals the ledger belonging to corrupt Congressman James which details illegal shipments to a warehouse. Black Dynamite and his team  storm the warehouse to capture a big shipment. They learn of a top secret operation called "Code Kansas", but there are no drugs in the warehouse; only "Anaconda" brand malt liquor, a government-produced brand that, according to the advertising slogan, "Gives You Ooooooo!". In a diner, they decipher the slogan and uncover "Code Kansas" as a plan to literally emasculate African-American men through Anaconda Malt Liquor, which is formulated to "give  a little dick". Returning to the warehouse, Black Dynamite finds O\'Leary is part of the evil plan, but is just following orders. He kills O\'Leary before acquiring his next lead to find the source of the "Code Kansas" plan. Black Dynamite heads to Kung Fu Island, where he discovers that his old nemesis, Fiendish Dr. Wu, is responsible for creating the secret formula found in Anaconda Malt Liquor. In a protracted battle which kills Saheed, the two militants, and Bullhorn, Black Dynamite discovers the true identity of the mastermind of the entire operation - the White House. Black Dynamite then travels to the White House  and confronts President Richard Nixon, who has been giving the orders from the beginning. When Black Dynamite defeats Nixon in a kung-fu battle and threatens to expose Nixon as the subject of a series of bondage and cross dressing photographs, the president begs to be killed but Black Dynamite refuses and has Nixon watch out for his people. The film concludes with a monologue from Black Dynamite on his quest for justice as Gloria and Pat Nixon watch on rapturously.'] ['Holly and Jackie form a small group of "women\'s libbers". They convince Candy, a wealthy socialite who has an incestous relationship with her brother, to join them at their meetings. The group needs Candy\'s membership to bring money and "glamour" to their cause.'] ['Taylor Brandon Burns , a conflicted twelve-year-old TV star from the U.S., runs away from the set - and his problems - while shooting a big-budget film in Canada. His reluctant limo-driver, Rick Schiller , a down-on-his-luck indie filmmaker, is enlisted to find Taylor before the childstar destroys himself.'] ['Hook-handed Vietnam veteran John "Four Leaf" Tayback\'s  memoir, Tropic Thunder, is being made into a film. With the exception of newcomer supporting actor Kevin Sandusky , the cast&mdash;fading action hero Tugg Speedman , five-time Academy Award-winning Australian method actor Kirk Lazarus , rapper Alpa Chino , and drug-addicted comedian Jeff Portnoy &mdash;behave unreasonably. Rookie director Damien Cockburn  cannot control them during filming of a large war scene and production is reported to be one month behind schedule. Cockburn is ordered by studio executive Les Grossman  to get filming back on track, or risk its cancellation. Acting on Tayback\'s advice, Cockburn drops the actors into the middle of the jungle, with hidden cameras and rigged special effects explosions to film "guerrilla-style". The actors have guns that fire blanks, along with a map and scene listing that will lead to a helicopter waiting at the end of the route. Unbeknownst to the actors and production, the group have been dropped in the middle of the Golden Triangle, the home of the heroin-producing Flaming Dragon gang. Shortly after the group set off, the five actors are stunned to see Cockburn blown up by an old land mine. Speedman, believing Cockburn faked his death, persuades the others that Cockburn is alive and that they are still shooting the film. Lazarus is unconvinced, but joins them in their trek through the jungle. When Tayback and pyrotechnics operator Cody Underwood  attempt to locate the dead director, they are captured by Flaming Dragon, at which point Tayback reveals that he fabricated his memoir and that he has hands. As the actors continue through the jungle, Lazarus and Sandusky discover that Speedman is leading them in the wrong direction. The four actors, tired of walking and hoping to be rescued, leave Speedman, who goes off by himself and is captured by Flaming Dragon. Taken to their heroin factory, Speedman believes it is a POW camp from the script. The gang discovers he is the star of their favorite film, the box office bomb Simple Jack, and force him to reenact it several times a day. Meanwhile in Los Angeles, Speedman\'s agent Rick Peck  is trying to negotiate with Grossman an unfulfilled term in Speedman\'s contract that entitles him to a TiVo. Flaming Dragon calls the two and demands a ransom for Speedman, but Grossman instead berates the gang. Despite the threats, Grossman expresses no interest in rescuing Speedman and attempts to convince Rick about the benefits of allowing Speedman to die and collecting the insurance. Grossman also offers Rick a Gulfstream V and money in return for his cooperation. Lazarus, Chino, Portnoy, and Sandusky discover Flaming Dragon\'s heroin factory. After seeing Speedman being tortured, they plan a rescue attempt based on the film\'s script. Lazarus impersonates a farmer towing a captured Portnoy on the back of a water buffalo, distracting the armed guards so Chino and Sandusky can locate the captives. After the gang notices inconsistencies in Lazarus\' story, the actors open fire, temporarily subduing them. When the gang realize they are being guarded by actors, they gather their guns and begin firing. The four actors locate Speedman, Tayback, and Underwood, and cross a bridge rigged to explode to get to their helicopter. Speedman asks to remain behind with the gang which he considers his family, but quickly returns when Flaming Dragon fire in pursuit. Tayback detonates the bridge allowing Speedman to reach safety, but as the helicopter takes off, the gang fires an RPG at the helicopter. Rick unexpectedly stumbles out of the jungle carrying a TiVo box and throws it in the path of the RPG, saving them. The crew return to Hollywood, where footage from the hidden cameras is compiled into a feature film, Tropic Blunder, which becomes a major critical and box office hit. The film wins Speedman his first Academy Award, which Lazarus presents to him at the ceremony.'] ['Mondo Video was a spoof of the controversial 1962 documentary Mondo Cane, showing people doing weird stunts. The logo for this film copies the original Mondo Cane logo.<ref nameOctober 2009}} The film is largely plotless; a series of vignettes linked together by interstitial pieces featuring Mr. Mike discussing how upsetting and odd the sequences were. He introduces some of the pieces via voice-over, and some open with no introduction. Sequences include: * Aykroyd displaying his webbed toes which he prodded with a screwdriver to prove they were not make-up. * A church that worships Jack Lord as the one true god  * A French restaurant that prides itself on how poorly it treats American patrons. * "Dream Sequence", a series of surreal film pieces bracketed by large light-up signs reading "Dream Sequence" and "End Dream Sequence" that tracked towards and away from the camera. One of these was merely performance footage of Klaus Nomi, while another featured home movie footage shot by Emily Prager intercut with stop-motion animation. *Short films made by other directors. "Cleavage" by Mitchell Kriegman, was a closeup of a hand working its way out from  between a large pair of breasts, feeling around gently, realizing where it was, and working its way back in. "Crowd Scene Take One", by Andy Aaron and Ernie Fosselius purported to be a director guiding background actors for a disaster movie scene. "Uncle Si and the Sirens" was an anonymously-directed silent-era "nudie-cutie" short found by SNL alumnus Tom Schiller. * The presentation of a classified government weapons project, "Laserbra 2000". This piece was the last of a triptych of sequences that chronicled the attempts to obtain the classified footage. In the first, the film  was in fact someone\'s home movies; in the second, the violin case contained a violin. National Lampoon writer Brian McConnachie appears in the footage as a scientist.'] ['The film opens in the Rocky Mountains on the Colorado ranch of Dr. Hunter S. Thompson, a journalist furiously trying to finish a story about his former attorney and friend, Carl Lazlo, Esq. Thompson then flashes back to a series of exploits involving the author and his attorney. In 1968, Lazlo is fighting to stop a group of San Francisco youngsters from receiving harsh prison sentences for possession of marijuana. He convinces Thompson to write an article about it for Blast Magazine. Thompson\'s editor, Marty Lewis, reminds Thompson that he has 19 hours to deadline. The judge hands out stiff sentences to everyone, and the last client is a young man who was caught with a pound of marijuana and receives a five-year sentence. Lazlo reacts by attacking the prosecuting attorney and is then jailed for contempt of court. The magazine story about the trial is a sensation, but Thompson does not hear from Lazlo until four years later, when Thompson is on assignment covering Super Bowl VI in Los Angeles.Super Bowl VI was actually played in New Orleans, Louisiana. Lazlo appears at Thompson\'s hotel and convinces him to abandon the Super Bowl story and join his band of freedom fighters, which involves smuggling weapons to an unnamed Latin American country. Thompson goes along with Lazlo and the revolutionaries to a remote airstrip where a small airplane is to be loaded with weapons, but when a police helicopter finds them, Lazlo and his henchmen escape on the plane while Thompson refuses to follow. Thompson\'s fame and fortune continues. He is a hit on the college lecture circuit and covers the 1972 presidential election campaign. After being thrown off the journalist plane by The Candidate\'s press secretary, Thompson takes the crew plane and gives straight-laced journalist Harris from the Post a strong hallucinogenic drug and steals his clothes and press credentials. At the next campaign stop, in the airport bathroom, Thompson is able to use his disguise to engage The Candidate in a conversation about the "Screwheads" and the "Doomed". The Candidate tells Thompson "fuck the doomed". Thompson, still posing as Harris, returns to the journalist plane. Lazlo then appears, striding across the airport tarmac in a white suit. He boards the plane and tries to convince his old friend to join his socialist paradise somewhere in the desert. After causing a disturbance, Thompson and Lazlo are thrown off the plane and Lazlo\'s papers that describe the community are blown across the airport runway. Lazlo, presumably, is not heard from again. The action then returns to Thompson\'s cabin, just as the writer puts the finishing touches on his story, explaining that he didn\'t go along with Lazlo because "it never got weird enough for me."'] ["A motley group of phony church leaders attempts to rob a bank controlled by brothers in 1880's Texas."] [" Charles Plumpick  is a kilt-wearing Scottish soldier who is sent by his commanding officer to disarm a bomb placed in the town square by the retreating Germans. As the fighting comes closer to the town, its inhabitants -- including those who run the insane asylum -- abandon it. The asylum gates are left open, and the inmates leave the asylum and take on the roles of the townspeople. Plumpick has no reason to think they are not who they appear to be -- other than the colorful and playful way in which they're living their lives, so at odds with the fearful and war-ravaged times. The lunatics crown Plumpick King of Hearts with surreal pageantry as he frantically tries to find the bomb before it goes off. The film ends with the question of who is more insane, those in the asylum or those who create wars."] ['Ernest  is working as a golf ball collector at a golf range in Valdosta, Georgia, but fantasizes about being a war hero. A friend tells him that if he joins the Army, he will get to drive large vehicles and never have to go into actual combat. He enlists, but is deployed to the fictional Middle Eastern country of Karifistan, where his unit has to save the country from being invaded by an evil Islamic dictator named Tufuti of Aziria. Once he began, Ernest and his team investigates a dictator who was responsible for the wars in the nearby village. Suddenly, he finds a lost boy and has to keep him safe until his father is found.'] ['When Andrew Sterling , a successful black urbanite writer, buys a vacation home on a resort in New England, two of his new neighbors mistake him for a burglar as he sets up his new stereo. The neighbors have no idea that the former residents of that home had moved and soon call the police. Police surround the home, armed and body armored as Andrew reads peacefully inside the home. Meanwhile, down the road, the Gillmans meet reporters as they walk back to their home and inform the press of the story. As the police move in, Andrew\'s car alarm goes off and with keys in hand, goes outside to shut it off; where he is met with gunfire. The reporters arrive and interview Chief Tolliver , who speaks to Andrew over the phone and realizes his mistake. To avoid the bad publicity, the Chief offers a thief in his jail, Amos Odell , a deal. The Chief orders Amos to break into Andrew\'s home, hold the writer hostage, and give himself up, in exchange for free passage out of town. Armed with the shotgun given to him by the Chief, Amos enters the house under the Chief\'s direction and ties up Andrew. Andrew believes Amos is an assassin sent to kill him due to his published views against "white America". As the press piles up outside of Andrew\'s home, the Chief calls Amos to release Andrew as soon as the press is in place, promising to leave Amos\'s name and face out of the news. While Amos waits, he turns on the news to see he has been betrayed, with his name and face all over the television. With his deal broken, Amos steps outside and demands a ransom for the famous author. Andrew asks Amos how he came managed to come across the island and as Amos reveals his story, the Chief comes in the back door demanding Amos surrender. The Chief shows his true colors and his lack of concern with Andrew\'s well being, stating his opposition to Andrew living on the island. During a scuffle, Andrew hits the Chief unconscious with his frying pan and goes for the shotgun. Amos takes the gun back and tells Andrew he will remain his hostage. With the Chief\'s handcuffs, Amos cuffs himself to Andrew and runs through the backwoods behind the home and hold themselves up in the Gillman\'s home. Unable to find the key to the Gillman\'s car, Amos decides to change his clothes and plan his escape As Amos makes his plans, Amos and Andrew share their childhoods and their family stories with one another. The Gillmans return home and Amos demands the keys to their car, to which Mr. Gillman refuses stating the car was a cherished anniversary present from his second wife. The Chief, now free from captivity, once again demands Amos surrender, believing he is still somewhere in Andrew\'s home. When the Chief tells Amos he is not concerned with Andrew\'s safety and intends to prosecute him for assaulting him with the frying pan, Amos reveals he now holds the Gillmans hostage as well. With his two new hostages Amos repeats his ransom demand. As Amos, Andrew, and the Gillmans await the ransom, Amos shows the Gillman\'s interview tape that the Chief had confiscated. Amos and Andrew watch the Gillman\'s news interview, explaining how the incident started because they had seen a black man inside of the house and assumed he was up to no good, much to the Gillman\'s embarrassment. A pizza Amos ordered arrives at the Gillman home, upon which Amos realizes the Gillman home is not surrounded by police as he thought. Amos bids the pizza girl a fond farewell, and gives her the Gillman\'s and the Chief\'s interview tape to give back to the press. Back in the Gillman\'s home Amos demands the keys to the Gillman\'s car, which Mr.Gillman still refuses to give up. With help from Andrew, Amos finds the key to the Gillman\'s car. Amos invites Andrew to join him, declaring him his partner in crime, which disgusts Andrew. After a heated argument Andrew and Amos begin to fight,ending with Andrew telling Amos that some things he said about him may have been true, but he admit that it isn\'t too much to ask to set up his own stereo equipment without being declared a thief. Back at Andrew\'s home, an associate of Andrew, Reverend Brunch attempts to cash in on the publicity and appears, demanding the police to release Andrew to himself and the crowd, who they believe are holding him in his home. In a scuffle between the crowd and the police, Andrew\'s home is set on fire. The pizza girl returns the interview tape to the reporters. The Chief sends out a man with his two bloodhounds to find Andrew, and as he is chased through a field, believing them to be attack dogs, Amos rescues Andrew and the two watch as Andrew\'s home burns in the distance. Still upset at the Chief, Andrew uses the Chief\'s wallet, which Amos had taken from him and sics the bloodhounds on the Chief using the new scent. In the middle of the news interview, the reporters reveal they know the truth about the incident. As the Chief realizes he no longer possesses the tape of his interview, the two bloodhounds chase him from the scene. Amos and Andrew are shown having boarded a barge, now on the other side of the island, where Amos and Andrew meet up with Andrew\'s wife. Amos drives away as Andrew and his wife hug, and the two part ways as friends. The last scene shows Amos at stop sign saying "Canada here I come" and then turning onto Interstate 95...heading in the wrong direction.'] ['The pirate Yellowbeard  was incarcerated for 20 years for tax evasion — apart from his years terrorizing the high seas . He survives the sentence but has not disclosed the whereabouts of his vast treasure . The Royal Navy hatches a plot to increase his sentence by 140 years, knowing that he will escape in a rage to set out for his treasure. This he does, recruiting a motley crew of companions. He had left a map of the treasure in the chimney of his wife\'s pub, but she burned the map. She then tells Yellowbeard that she had the map tattooed on their son\'s head. Things go wrong when his former shipmate-turned-traitor Bosun Moon\'s  press gangs take over the ship. With the Head of the Secret Service  hot on their trail, they eventually find the island, where a group of AWOL Spanish Conquistadors  have taken residence with their ill-gotten gains, and the battle for the treasure commences. During the battle he recalls the steps to his buried treasure saying "Stagger, Stagger, Crawl, Crawl" in reference to the injured state he was in when he hid the treasure.'] ['In the film, sewage worker Roy Dreary and an assortment of odd characters meet up with some cute and cuddly extraterrestrials traveling to earth in a giant pie in the sky. Dreary develops an obsession with mashed potatoes, whipped cream and maraschino cherries. He encounters singing mailboxes, truck radios that spout bubbles and bubble music, and one pie in the face after another, before finally finding himself at the Sara Loo pie factory-and his close encounter of the nerd kind. At one point, he even encounters Darth Vader on a motorcycle complaining that he is blocking the road. Other characters include a wide-eyed cherubic child, a famous French scientist, a bewildered wife, a mysterious code which turns out to be the notation for the Greek letter Pi, and an oversized xylophone on which Dreary signals to the aliens. All of the character voices are over-dubbed by voice artists Corey Burton and Sandy Stotzer.'] ["The movie's protagonist is Mark Watson , the pampered son from a rich family who is about to attend Harvard Law School along with his best friend Gordon . However, all of a sudden his father's neurotic psychiatrist talks his patient into having more fun for himself instead of spending money on his son. Faced with the horrifying prospect of having to pay for law school by himself, Mark decides to take up a scholarship, but the only suitable one is for African Americans only. So he decides to cheat by using tanning pills in a larger dose than prescribed to appear as an African American. Watson then sets out for Harvard, naïvely believing that blacks have no problems at all in American society. However, once immersed in a black student's life, Mark finds that people are less lenient than he imagined and more prone to see him as a black person instead of a fellow student. He meets a young African-American student named Sarah Walker , whom he first only flirts with; gradually, however, he genuinely falls in love with her. As it turns out, she was the original candidate for the scholarship which he had usurped, and now she has to work hard as a waitress to support herself and her son George while studying. Slowly, Mark begins to regret his deed, and after a chaotic day—in which Sarah, his parents  and his classmate Whitney , who is also his landlord's daughter, drop in for surprise visits at the same time—he drops the charade and openly reveals himself to be white. The film ends with Mark declaring to his professor  that he wishes to pay back the scholarship and do charity work to make amends for his fraud, and Sarah decides to give him another chance."] ['Based on a festival award-winning  short film, THE BROS. chronicles the adventures of underachieving misfits Pete and Lanny, a pair of wannabe "gangsta rappers," who set out on an all-night crime spree designed to establish their street cred. and provide the funding needed to pay for a studio recording session. Raised in a picket-fence paradise that\'s about as far removed from the ghetto as possible, this misguided pair of aspiring rappers determine to make a name for themselves by setting out on a manic night of low-level criminal conduct. When a bizarre twist of fate finds Pete and Lanny\'s incompetent criminal enterprise mistaken for benevolent heroism by the community, the pair quickly seize the opportunity to turn their fifteen minutes of fame into a successful hip hop career.'] ['Faced with a demotion at work due to a drinking problem, Osbourne Cox quits his job as a CIA analyst and resolves to write a memoir about his life and career. When his pediatrician wife Katie finds out, she sees it as a justifiable opportunity to file for divorce and continue her extramarital affair unimpeded. Taking her lawyer\'s advice, she copies financial records and several other files from her husband\'s computer onto a CD. When the CD gets left on the locker room floor of Hardbodies, a local gym, by a careless law firm employee, it falls into the hands of personal trainer Chad Feldheimer and his co-worker Linda Litzke, who mistake the numerical data in the Cox\'s bank records and the cryptic first draft of Osbourne\'s memoir to be highly sensitive government information. After getting the data traced back to Osbourne, Chad and Linda plan to give the disc back to him for a reward, with Linda planning to use the money to pay for cosmetic surgery. But when a phone call and subsequent in-person meeting with Osbourne goes horribly wrong, Chad and Linda turn over the disc to the Russian embassy, offering more information in return for monetary compensation. With no other data to give them, Linda persuades Chad to sneak into the Cox home to get more files from their computer. Meanwhile, Osbourne\'s increasingly erratic behavior - aggravated in part by his encounters with Chad and Linda - prompt Katie to move ahead with the divorce proceedings. She changes the locks on their house, forcing Osbourne to move onto the sailboat they have docked on Chesapeake Bay. With her husband out of the picture, Katie invites her lover, Harry Pfarrer to move in. A womanizing Treasury Department employee and U.S. Marshal, Pfarrer is coincidentally also secretly seeing Linda. When he finds a strange man hiding in a bedroom closet in Katie\'s house - actually Chad in search of more documents for Linda - Harry panics and shoots him point blank in the face. Seeing that Chad has no identification or labels in his suit, Harry believes he has just killed a spy and quickly disposes of the body by dumping it in the bay. Two days later at the CIA headquarters, an official named Palmer and his director learn that information from Osbourne has been given to the Russian Embassy. They are perplexed and decide to maintain observation until the situation "makes sense". Harry, increasingly anxious after killing a man he believes was a government spy , gets into an argument with Katie and decides to leave the house. On his way out, he spots a man who has been trailing him for the past several days. After tackling him to the ground, Harry finds out that the man is a process server tasked with giving him divorce papers from his wife Sandy, who is having an extramarital liaison of her own. Harry is devastated and goes to see an agitated Linda, who confides in Harry that her friend Chad is missing; he agrees to try to help find him . The next morning, Harry and Linda meet in a park, and she provides him with more information about Chad\'s disappearance. When Harry realizes that Chad is the man he killed, he flees in terror, assuming Linda is also a spy. Linda then turns to Ted Treffon, the kindhearted manager of Hardbodies, who has unrequited feelings for her. Believing the Russians have kidnapped Chad, he agrees to go to the Cox home to search Osbourne\'s computer. Unemployed and having spent the past several days living on a small boat, Osbourne becomes unhinged when he finds out that his wife has emptied his bank accounts, and, no longer having keys, decides to break into the house to get some of his personal belongings. Finding Ted in the basement, Osbourne initially takes him to be Katie\'s lover. He soon realizes Ted\'s affiliation with Linda and the rest of the "league of morons" he feels he has been struggling against his whole life, and fires a gunshot at him. Ted manages to get out of the house, only to be fatally attacked by a hatchet-wielding Osbourne. At CIA headquarters a few days later, Palmer and his director try to understand what exactly happened. It is revealed that while trying to board a flight to Venezuela, Harry was detained because his name was on a hot list, Ted\'s body has been disposed of and the CIA are holding Linda who is promising to keep quiet about everything if they will pay for her cosmetic surgery. A CIA agent shot Osbourne during his hatchet assault on Ted and the bullet has put Osbourne in a coma. The director instructs Palmer to let Harry fly to Venezuela, mistakenly saying that the US has no extradition treaty with Venezuela, decides the CIA will pay for Linda\'s surgery and postpones considering Osbourne\'s situation until he regains consciousness, which is not likely. The director tells Palmer that they did not really learn anything.'] ['Clark Kellogg  leaves his mother  and environmental activist stepfather Dwight  in Vermont to go to New York University  to study film. As he\'s wandering around lost in Grand Central Terminal, he\'s approached by Victor Ray , who at first offers to carry Clark\'s bags for him, then offers Clark a ride to college in his car. As soon as Clark steps out of the car, Victor drives off with Clark\'s luggage still in the trunk. Clark tells his professor, Professor Fleeber , who uses books he has written as required study, about losing his books. Clark notices out the window Victor walking by and gives chase. Victor vows to give his luggage back in return for a favor. Clark is introduced to Victor\'s uncle, Carmine Sabatini . In a running gag, Clark mentions how much Carmine looks, sounds and acts like Brando in The Godfather &mdash; though no one will tell Carmine this to his face. Victor explains that Brando\'s character in The Godfather, Vito Corleone, was based on Carmine. Carmine offers Clark the opportunity to make a lot of money just for running small errands. The first is to pick up a Komodo dragon from JFK Airport and transport it to a specific address. Clark enlists the help of his roommate Steve Bushak  to pick up the animal and deliver it to Larry London  and his assistant, Edward . Clark is also introduced to Carmine\'s daughter, Tina , who takes an immediate shine to him. Tina starts to talk to Clark as if the two are soon to be married. A distracted Clark tries to pay attention in Fleeber\'s film class  but he\'s soon being chased by two agents of the Department of Justice. Upon being caught, he\'s told that Carmine - also known as "Jimmy The Toucan" - is not only a Mafia figure, he runs the Fabulous Gourmet Club, an illicit and nomadic establishment, never holding its festivities in the same place twice, where for enormous prices endangered animals are served as the main course, specially prepared by Larry London. Clark is told that "for the privilege of eating the very last of a species," a million dollars is charged. Clark finds out that his activist stepfather had been listening in on a conversation with his mother. Right after Clark mentioned the Komodo dragon, Dwight contacted the Department of Justice. Carmine admits to Clark that the Gourmet Club exists, but tells Clark that the two DOJ agents are being bribed by a rival crime family that wants both Carmine and Clark dead. While driving to the Gourmet Club, a plan is hatched to get Carmine out of the exotic animal business for good and to clear Clark. At the Gourmet Club\'s dinner, longtime Miss America pageant host Bert Parks sings a version of "There She Is" when the Komodo Dragon is revealed. Clark steps outside to signal the DOJ agents, and the DOJ agents raid the restaurant where the club is meeting. Carmine is upset that Clark has ratted him out. Carmine pulls a gun, the two wrestle and Carmine is apparently killed in the struggle. The two DOJ agents, who do indeed turn out to be corrupt, leave with a duffel bag filled with money, though they\'re soon caught by real FBI agents and arrested. Clark berates his stepfather, who leaves. Carmine then gets up off the floor, having faked his death. Larry London reveals tonight\'s expensive and exotic dinner is actually Hawaiian tigerfish mixed with smoked turkey from Virginia, not endangered species . It is also revealed that the whole thing had been a set-up. Clark was picked out by Carmine, working with the FBI, because they knew Clark\'s stepfather would contact the corrupt agents when he found out about Clark\'s "job". Carmine and Clark walk off with the Komodo dragon, which will be taken safely to a new habitat at the zoo. He offers to help Clark in any way he needs to make it in Hollywood. Clark says "thanks, but no thanks."'] ['In the fictional country of Lugash, a mysterious thief breaks into the National Museum, sneaks past its elaborate security system, and makes off with the fabled Pink Panther diamond, leaving a white monogrammed glove with a gold-tinted "P" as a calling card. The Lugash Secret Police are brought in to investigate, and the Shah of Lugash requests the assistance of Inspector Clouseau . Clouseau has been demoted to beat cop by his boss, Chief Inspector Charles Dreyfus , who despises Clouseau to the point of obsession. However, the French government forces Dreyfus to reinstate Clouseau as Inspector of the Sûreté so that he can go to Lugash to investigate the theft of the Pink Panther. Clouseau\'s investigations at the Lugash National Museum, which he nearly destroys, lead him to believe that Sir Charles Lytton , the notorious Phantom, is re-creating the most famous heist of his career. Clouseau is delighted at this, and sees his chance to get revenge on Lytton for framing him and temporarily sending him to prison in the first film. Sir Charles, having read about the theft, realizes that he has been framed. He goes to Lugash to investigate and clear his name. Although Clouseau fails to uncover any leads concerning the theft, his bumbling allows him to survive several attempts on his life by a mysterious assassin. After staking out  Lytton Manor in Nice, Clouseau is tricked into leaving France. He follows Sir Charles\' wife, Lady Claudine  to a resort hotel in Gstaad, Switzerland, where his attempts to investigate her repeatedly fail. Meanwhile, Sir Charles manages to discover the identity of the true thief - his wife . Because they were both bored with their quiet retirement, she stole the diamond for her own excitement, and sent her husband on a wild goose chase. Sir Charles makes a daring escape from Lugash and goes to Gstaad to find his wife and the diamond. Inspector Clouseau, who has unknowingly been on the trail of the real thief all along, receives a telephone call from Chief Inspector Dreyfus telling him to arrest Lady Claudine. However, when Clouseau calls Dreyfus back to ask why, he is informed that Dreyfus has gone on vacation and will not be back until the following week. Dreyfus, now revealed as the assassin trying to kill Clouseau, prepares to shoot him with a sniper rifle as soon as he enters Lady Claudine\'s room. Lady Claudine playfully confesses the theft to her husband, and hands the diamond over to him, so he can go about proving his innocence. They are cornered by Colonel Sharki  of the Lugash Secret Police, who intends to kill them both. It turns out he has been using the theft of the diamond as an excuse to purge his political opponents. Clouseau barges into the room to arrest the Lyttons. Sir Charles points out that Colonel Sharki is going to kill them all. Suddenly, Dreyfus opens fire on the room, and accidentally kills Sharki while aiming at Clouseau, who ducks at the last minute to check his fly. The Lyttons escape during the fray. For his work in recovering the Pink Panther, Clouseau is promoted to Chief Inspector, and vows to bring Sir Charles to justice. Lady Claudine\'s fate is not revealed to the audience, but it is implied she was not arrested. Dreyfus is committed to a lunatic asylum, where he is straitjacketed and placed inside a Padded cell, vowing revenge on Clouseau as the animated Pink Panther enters the room.'] ["The plot features Sellers as a naive but caring prison chaplain accidentally assigned as vicar to a small and prosperous country town of Orbiston Parva, in place of Ian Carmichael's upper-class cleric, with whom he shares a name. His belief in charity and forgiveness sets him at odds with the locals, whose assertions that they are good, Christian people are in Smallwood's view belied by their behaviour and ideas. He creates social ructions by appointing a black dustman  as his churchwarden, taking in a gypsy family, and persuading local landowner Lady Despard  to provide free food for the church to distribute free to the people of the town. However, all his good works lead to trouble."] ["{{expand section}} Ford Fairlane is seen sitting on a beach smoking as the film opens. A flashback initiates, showing a roaring crowd at a concert given by fictional popular heavy metal band The Black Plague. Lead singer Bobby Black  makes an eccentric entrance down a zip-line onto the stage and begins performing. Shortly into one of the band's songs, Bobby Black collapses on stage and dies. After The Black Plague singer is murdered onstage, shock-jock Johnny Crunch,  an old friend who came west with Fairlane, hires Ford to track down a mysterious teenage groupie named Zuzu Petals who may have a connection to Bobby Black's death. Soon after hiring Fairlane, Crunch is electrocuted on the air. The world's hippest detective soon finds himself trading insults with a ruthless record executive , a clueless cop and former disco star , a merciless hit man  and countless ex-girlfriends out for his blood. Aiding and abetting Fairlane in this whodunnit is loyal assistant Jazz  and a hip record producer  at the head of a bizarre lineup of suspects, victims, beautiful women and a koala as he finds himself hip-deep in the case of his life. The macguffin of the film is three data CDs which, when read simultaneously, detail the illegal dealings of Julian Grendel, who murdered Bobby Black when he found out Black had acquired them. The first disc was with Colleen Sutton, the second with Zuzu Petals, and the third disc was hidden under the star for Art Mooney on the Hollywood Walk of Fame."] ['Benjamin Purvis lives with his mother Judith, who designs tacky clothes and makes rock hard popcorn balls. Judith and Benjamin make ends meet by working at a women\'s retail clothing store. Benjamin spends his spare time writing science fiction stories, and he has recently completed a story called "Yeast Lords" that centers on a hero named Bronco, modeled after his long-dead father. At a two-day writing camp for aspiring fantasy and science fiction authors, Benjamin attends lectures by his idol Ronald Chevalier. Chevalier announces a contest for the writers, in which the winner\'s story will be published nationally. After encouragement from fellow camper Tabitha, Benjamin submits "Yeast Lords". Tabatha shows the story to her friend Lonnie Donaho who runs an ultra low-budget video production company. Lonnie gives Benjamin a post-dated check for $500 and begins adapting "Yeast Lords" into a film. Throughout the film, portions of "Yeast Lords" are enacted as Benjamin imagines it. Bronco is infinitely masculine, and he valiantly struggles with a villain over yeast production. As Chevalier reviews the stories from the campers, he gets a call from his publisher, rejecting his latest manuscript. Panicked, he picks up Benjamin\'s story, and it sparks his imagination. Chevalier changes Bronco into Brutus, an extremely effeminate transgendered hero, but otherwise leaves the story intact. His publisher loves it, and the novel is rushed into production. Benjamin is sickened to see how badly Donaho has adapted his work, and he abruptly leaves the local premiere of the film with Tabatha. They go to a bookstore where he discovers Chevalier\'s plagiarism. He confronts Chevalier at a local book signing, assaulting him with some merchandise Chevalier had offered him in exchange for keeping his theft quiet. Judith comes to visit her son in jail to give him his birthday present. She hands him a box of manuscripts, all officially bound by the Writers Guild of America. She explains that she has been registering all his stories with them since he was seven years old, thinking they would make a nice keepsake for his children. "Yeast Lords" is one of the registered stories. The film ends with copies of Chevalier\'s novel being replaced on store shelves with Benjamin\'s. Over the closing credits, he sits and proudly watches a fashion show featuring his mother\'s designs.'] ["The movie is about a documentary team that follows the reunion of Hard Core Logo. Joe Dick gets the band back together ostensibly for an anti-gun benefit after hearing Canadian punk rock legend Bucky Haight, and personal mentor, is shot. They begin the tour in Vancouver and travel to Edmonton, via Winnipeg. On the way the band's dark secrets are revealed. John Oxenberger loses his schizophrenia medication and slowly loses his sanity. Billy Tallent finds out that by going on tour he loses his position in main stream rock band Jenifur and with that his one shot at stardom. The band stops by Bucky Haight's reclusive estate only to find he was never shot and that Joe Dick fabricated the lie in order to get the band together. The band and documentary crew drop acid and experience hallucinations. Bucky admonishes Joe Dick for using him to get the band together. At Edmonton, Billy Tallent finds out he has another opportunity to permanently join Jenifur. Joe Dick finds out from the film crew and later attacks Billy on stage. Joe Dick destroys Billy Tallent's Fender Stratocaster, which was a gift from Bucky Haight, and the band parts ways. In the final scene Joe Dick drinks with the documentary crew members and shoots himself."] ['{{Plot}} The film opens with the band performing at the Wisbech Rock Festival in 1977. Hughie Case is giving a commentary of how, due to the pursuit of "fame, fortune and fornication" , that was their last performance. At the start of their set, lightning strikes the stage and technical problems befall their equipment and the band prematurely ends their performance in frustration over competing egos and various members\' lack of self-control. Skip ahead 20 years. Keyboardist, Tony Costello, who now lives in Ibiza, is recognised as one of the members of Strange Fruit by a stranger at a café, whose father happened to be the organiser of the original Wisbech Festival. The stranger tells Tony that they are doing a Wisbech reunion concert and asks if Tony can reunite the band. Tony quickly manages to track down Karen Knowles, the band\'s original runaround-girl. She is at first reluctant to become involved with the reunion, but is unhappily working in PR and becomes inspired to return to the band after finding some memorabilia in her garage. She agrees, but insists on being the band\'s Manager, which Tony has no problem with. Gradually, Karen and Tony track down the original members; bassist Les Wickes, who has a family and works as a roofer, drummer David "Beano" Baggot, who is working at a nursery and is on the run from the Inland Revenue due to a large sum of money he owes due to a bad business deal, and lead singer Ray Simms, who after years of drug and alcohol abuse, is now completely sober and attending Alcoholics Anonymous meetings, is living in a mansion with his overbearing Swedish wife, Astrid and apparently working on a solo album, though in truth the bank are foreclosing on his mansion and he hasn\'t released a solo single in years. The band meets up at a pub in Avebury to discuss the reunion. Everyone expects Brian Lovell, the band\'s lead guitarist, to be there; however Karen shows up and breaks the news that she was unable to track down Brian, although she found that he gave away all of his royalties to a charity in the United States as a bequest. Everyone comes to the conclusion that Brian is dead and they decide to soldier on with the reunion and agree to play the festival. Their roadie Hughie, turns up unexpectedly during their first rehearsal. Ray insists on playing guitar at first, but everyone else convinces him to concentrate on just singing and they soon after they find a replacement for Brian in young Luke Shand who is a talented guitarist, but remains blissfully unaware of the tensions within the band. The band embark upon a warm-up tour of Europe after Karen negotiates with a record company executive who now owns the rights to their back catalogue. Their initial performances aren\'t very good and they are poorly received by the younger generation; Ray is still under delusions of grandeur ; Les still resents Ray for having replaced Keith; Les and Beano  have little hope for the band, firmly believing both Keith and then Brian were the main talent and Tony begins to make advances to Karen, but she is reluctant as she had always been deeply attached to Brian. At one of the gigs, Ray dresses in a ridiculous glam-metal outfit, plants smoke machines around the stage and secretly gets Hughie to raise the volume levels to their maximum. Ray believes that this will boost his performance abilities, but during the performance of their song "Scream Freedom", everything backfires and Les, followed by Ray, walk off stage in a huff, while Tony, Luke and Beano play on. Ray and Les confront each other about their mutual hatred, which causes Ray to have a nervous breakdown, along with his depression over the fact that it\'s his 50th birthday. Ray ends up running away from the gig and buys drugs from a dealer on the street before falling into an icy canal. He is rescued by Karen\'s daughter, Claire. Astrid also meets up with the band at this show and is completely devastated at his near-drowning and blames Karen for it. Also, the loud volumes of the concert caused every window in the venue to break and the promoters and townspeople want the band to pay for it, while locking up their tourbus as collateral. However, they are able to break the bus out and the band quickly skips town. The next morning on the bus, Les apologizes to Ray for what he said , and Ray apologizes for his behaviour and shares with the rest of the band that, while in the canal, he "received a positive message" from Brian\'s ghost. The bus breaks down along the side of the road and Karen confronts the band about their lack of confidence. They meet a girl who\'s heading to Antwerp wearing an old Strange Fruit tour t-shirt, which she says belonged to her father. The band believes this to be another positive omen. The next few shows go down without incident and go over well with audiences and they become slightly more optimistic. A week later, they get a record deal and quickly enter the studio to record new material, which includes a new song written and sung by Les . However, after watching a previously-taped drunken TV interview with Zoë Ball in which Les and Beano imply that the band were much better with Keith and Brian, Ray breaks down again and quits. As the band members return to their former lives, Karen and Claire visit Keith\'s grave to pay their respects. There they find a note: "Even after all this time the flame still burns. Love you, man. Brian", referring to a song called "The Flame Still Burns", written by Les & Brian about Keith after his death. Karen and Claire confront Hughie, who indeed knows that Brian is still alive, and reluctantly tells where Brian is. Karen and Tony finally find Brian, who has secluded himself to a mental hospital, where he has stayed ever since he returned from America after leaving the band. He explains that he gave away his earnings, because he wanted to sever himself from his previous life as much as possible. He agrees to talk to the band and try to reconcile them so they can continue playing. His return brings the band back together. However, the pre-show press conference at the festival involves some hostile questions aimed at Brian, such as whether his breakdown was chemically induced or was a result of his brother\'s death, whether he really had spent the intervening years in a mental hospital, or if the whole thing was simply a publicity stunt. This all proves too much for Brian and he walks out of the conference, followed by the rest of the band except for Luke, who slams on the journalists, calling them insensitive to Brian\'s mental state and that the band deserves more respect. Brian decides to back out of the show, but gives his blessing for the rest of the band to perform. Meanwhile, a woman who Beano thinks is from the Inland Revenue and has been hunting him throughout the course of the film, corners him backstage and reveals that he was in the first band she ever saw as a teenager. Her father forbade her from ever again going to a rock show and she has been obsessed with Beano ever since. She demands quick, violent sex from Beano, which causes him to almost miss their set. However, he finally turns up at the last minute, right after Les suggests getting another drummer. The band starts their set with the same song with which they opened up the last Wisbech Festival. However, a short burst of feedback shakes Ray\'s confidence and he starts to break down. Tony then starts playing the intro to "The Flame Still Burns" on his keyboard, which quickly heals the tension. Brian is pleased to hear the band playing the song, which helps him finally overcome his demons and joins the band onstage to play an inspiring guitar solo, much to the surprise and delight of everyone.'] ['The film opens with three hitmen, Willy, Norwood, and Simms  who are staying in a posh Los Angeles hotel. After failing a job, they take off in a car with a whiny pregnant woman named Velma , who is in on their scheme. They then flee to Mexico to escape the wrath of their boss, Amos Dade , and rob a bank along the way. While driving through the desert, their car breaks down due to Simms having filled the gasoline tank with diesel by mistake. They bury their suitcase of money in the desert and begin to walk. Night falls, and they come upon a town in the middle of the desert, where they see a demolished car with a corpse inside. They then enter an empty bar, where the three men get drunk and Velma angrily pesters them to leave. As they exit the bar, the wrecked car has vanished, but the men are too inebriated to notice it. The group camps out for the night, and the following morning, Velma witnesses several trucks of lively cowboys enter the town, carrying espresso machines with them. Much to the dismay of Velma, who insists they keep a low profile and leave, the three men enter the town, which is now full of townspeople, and go back to the bar. There, they are confronted by a gang of cowboys addicted to coffee, and a shoot-out ensues, but they are ultimately welcomed by the townspeople. The bizarre townspeople include a couple who own a mercantile full of piñatas, a man running a hot dog stand, and countless cowboys and prostitutes, among others. The head honcho of the town, Tim McMahon , invites the gang to a party that evening. The following day, Tim McMahon\'s elderly father is pushed off of a building by his relative Sabrina McMahon  and dies. The entire town has a funeral procession for him, and at the funeral, a friend of Amos\', named Whitey, shows up looking for the hitmen and Velma. The town seizes Whitey for being a "stranger", and accuses him of the murder of the McMahon grandfather. During the burial of the grandfather, his hand comes up out of the dirt and grabs the priest\'s ankle, and the priest shoots into the ground, killing him. Meanwhile, on the gallows, Whitey begins to tell the town the truth about Amos and the hitmen, but is hanged before he can tell his story. A man named I.G. Farben , who claims to be a house manufacturer, enters town with his wife Sonia  and introduces himself to the gang and the rest of the townspeople, advertising his company. The next morning, Simms sees Amos\' car enter the town, and tries to get a drunken Willy and Norwood to leave with Velma. A series of shootouts begin between the townspeople, Amos\' crew, and the hitmen, and I.G. Farben and Sonia provide high-grade weapons for the killers. Tim McMahon joins Amos\' team after having wrongfully hanged Whitey, and everyone begins to turn against each other. As Simms and Willy run into the desert, a shootout ensues with the town priest. They reach the spot where they buried the money, and Simms shoots Willy as they are trying to lift the suitcase out of the ground. Simms then hears Velma laughing, and turns around only to be shot by Velma and one of the townsmen. After Velma shoots Simms several times, the townman with her is shot by Tim McMahon. Tim and Velma then take off arm-in-arm with the suitcase of money, while Simms and Willy die. Meanwhile in town, chaos has ensued, and the town hardware store is set on fire. Amos is shot in the head, and virtually everyone in the town is killed, aside from Norwood and several prostitutes. Tim and Velma leave the town in a truck with the suitcase of money, but accidentally drive off of a cliff when their brakes go out, and die as the car explodes in mid-air. Norwood leaves town with the prostitutes, and the film ends with Farben Oil Company trucks entering the town to drill for oil. The end of the film announces an imminent sequel: Back to Hell, despite the fact that almost every main character is killed at the end of the film. Although the sequel was never made, upon the film\'s DVD release, Cox reassembled much of the cast and crew for a short documentary called Back to Hell, in which they reminisce about the making of the film.'] ['The scientists of the Coyote Bus Lines feverishly work to complete Cyclops, enabling man to achieve a new milestone in bussing: non-stop service between New York City and Denver. Almost immediately after inserting nuclear fuel into the bus\'s engine, a bomb goes off, almost killing Professor Baxter, the scientist in charge of the project. Cyclops itself is undamaged, but Coyote Lines has lost both its driver and co-driver. Kitty Baxter, the professor\'s daughter and the Cyclops\'s designer, is forced to turn to Dan Torrance, an old flame. Once a promising driver, Torrance was disgraced after he crashed his bus atop Mount Diablo, and was accused of saving his own life by eating all of his passengers.  Narrowly surviving an assault by vindictive fellow drivers with the help of "Shoulders" O\'Brien, Torrance is recruited to drive Cyclops. Meanwhile, a sinister tycoon plots with oil sheikhs to destroy the bus. Known as "Iron Man", he spends the film in a huge iron lung while directing his brother Alex to sabotage Cyclops using timebombs. Alex would prefer to use a manmade earthquake, but Iron Man insists that the bus be destroyed and discredited. Before its maiden voyage, Alex sneaks aboard and hides a bomb within the bus. On the big day, the bus leaves New York bound for Denver. Among the passengers are the Cranes, a married couple waiting for their divorce to finalize; Father Kudos, a priest who has lost his way; Dr. Kurtz, a disgraced veterinarian; Emery Bush, a man with only a few months to live; and Camille Levy, whose father died on Mount Diablo. At first, Cyclops\'s journey is a success, and Torrance triumphantly breaks the 90&nbsp;mph "wind barrier" . Soon, however, disaster strikes. Investigating a mechanical problem, Dan finds Alex\'s bomb. He disarms it only before an explosion rips through another part of the bus. Now unable to stop, Cyclops plows across America. Dan is determined to achieve Cyclops\'s historic goal of non-stop service to Denver, but he also needs to surpass a treacherously curvy road where his father "bought it". Dan almost succeeds, but not before the bus runs partially off the road, finding itself teetering over a cliff. To save the bus, Dan and Shoulders shift all weight the back of the bus by pumping all of Cyclops\'s supply of soft drinks into the galley, and jettisoning all of the luggage. Knowing he has only one more chance to destroy Cyclops, Iron Man is finally persuaded by Alex to use the earthquake. Unfortunately for Iron Man, Alex sets the coordinates for Iron Man\'s house and not Cyclops. Back on the road, Cyclops finally makes its way to Denver. In the final scene, the bus is only 25 miles outside of Denver when the front and rear halves of the bus split from each other. It is unknown why and how the front and rear halves split from each other.'] ["Ghost Dog  sees himself as a retainer of Louie , a local mobster, who saved Ghost Dog's life years ago. While living as a hired hitman for the Italian Mafia, he strictly follows Hagakure. Louie tells Ghost Dog to kill a gangster, Handsome Frank, who is sleeping with the daughter  of the mafia boss Vargo . Ghost Dog arrives and kills the gangster, but does not realize the girl is also in the room at the time; he leaves her alive and exits. In order to avoid being implicated in the murder of a made man, the mobsters decide to get rid of Ghost Dog. Louie knows practically nothing about Ghost Dog, and the hitman communicates only by homing pigeon. The mobsters start by tracing all the pigeon coops in town. They find Ghost Dog's cabin atop a building and kill his pigeons. Ghost Dog realizes he must kill the entire mafia or otherwise they will kill him and his master. During the day, Ghost Dog frequently visits the park to see his best friend, a Haitian ice cream salesman named Raymond  who speaks only French. Ghost Dog doesn't understand French and Raymond doesn't understand English, but the two seem to understand each other. Ghost Dog also makes friends with a little girl named Pearline , to whom he lends a book — Rashōmon and Other Stories — he received from Vargo's daughter. Paralleling a major theme of Rashōmon, Louie and Ghost Dog have different accounts of the circumstances of their meeting: in Louie's flashback he shoots Ghost Dog's attacker in self-defense, while in Ghost Dog's flashback, Louie shoots the attacker just as the attacker is about to kill Ghost Dog. Eventually, Ghost Dog attacks Vargo's mansion single-handedly and kills almost everyone he encounters, sparing only Louie and Vargo's daughter. Though Louie feels some loyalty to Ghost Dog, he also feels that he must avenge the murder of boss Vargo, but it was stated that Vargo's daughter ordered him to murder Ghost Dog. Louie finally confronts Ghost Dog at Raymond's ice cream stand with Raymond and Pearline watching, after he gave his copy of Hagakure to the latter. Ghost Dog is unwilling to attack his master and allows Louie to kill him. His last act is to give Louie the copy of Rashōmon and encourage him to read it."] ["A meteor crashes into the desert near Glen Canyon, Arizona. College professor Ira Kane  and his colleague, geology professor Harry Block , investigate. They meet Wayne Grey , a fireman trainee whose car was damaged in the strike and discover the meteor deep in an underground tunnel network, taking a sample of strange blue liquid that oozes from it. Ira discovers that it harbors extraterrestrial single-celled nitrogen-based organisms multiplying exponentially, condensing millions of years of evolution into minutes. The next day, they take the science class to survey the meteor site and find it already surrounded by evolved oxygen-converting fungi and alien flatworms, later discovering the cells and organisms reproduce rapidly through mitosis. Soon Ira and Harry find the site sealed off by the Army, who have set up a base. They take General Russell Woodman  and clumsy Dr Allison Reed , who dismiss the duo, to court for the right to be part of the research. However they are barred from the site when Woodman reveals that Ira was discharged from the army for creating an anthrax vaccine that led to terrible physical disorders. When Woodman confiscates their research, Ira and Harry infiltrate the base underground to get another sample and find an alien rainforest teeming with life. Reed apprehends them but they are interrupted when an alien insect gets inside Harry's body, which has to be removed rectally by a doctor. Wayne recovered the dead body of an amphibian alien which killed a country club owner and another creature appears in a woman's house but also dies. Ira and Harry theorize the aliens are escaping the caves to adapt to the oxygen atmosphere. The trio find a valley strewn with dead and dying dragon-like creatures, one of which gives birth before it dies. The young creature, adapted to the oxygen atmosphere, flies away to a mall. The trio procure shotguns at a store and chase it, killing it by drawing it in through Wayne's singing on the mall's sound system and shooting it. They then celebrate their heroics in the car back to the research lab. The Governor of Arizona  demands to know what is happening. Allison explains that in two months the aliens would engulf the entire United States, so Woodman explains his plan to evacuate everyone within five miles of the infected area and bomb the aliens with napalm. The aliens, now evolved into primate-like creatures, climb up from the caves below and attack them, but are fought off. Fed up with working with Woodman, Allison gets Ira's stolen research back to him, joining his gang at the college as the town is evacuated. There, Harry accidentally tosses a lit match into a petri dish of the blue alien liquid, causing a mass to rapidly grow from it: they realize that heat triggers the rapid evolution which would mean that the napalm would have the opposite effect. Looking at the position of nitrogen on the periodic table, Ira figures that selenium might be poisonous to the aliens, since they are nitrogen-based, as arsenic is poisonous to Earth's life. Allison calls Woodman to prevent the napalm strike but Woodman ignores her. Ira's students Deke and Danny  recall that selenium sulfide is the active ingredient in Head & Shoulders shampoo. The team empties stores of the shampoo and steal a firetruck. Everyone pours the shampoo into the truck's water tanks, while Allison and Ira bond. The napalm strike begins early however, triggering a gargantuan amoeba-like organism to bulge out from the caves and kill the caves' other aliens; it then begins to divide to start the process over. The team decides to push on despite this set back and drive the firetruck under the organism, where they find a rectal hole. Harry climbs the firetruck's ladder and inserts the firehose to pump in the shampoo, causing the organism to explode. Governor Lewis declares Ira, Harry, Wayne and Allison heroes, making Wayne a firefighter while Ira and Allison skip the festivities for romance in the fire truck. Harry, Ira and Wayne then appear in a commercial for Head & Shoulders."] ["Becker, a hotshot American marketing executive  from The Coca-Cola Company visits their Australian operations and tries to figure out why a tiny corner of Australia  has so far resisted all of Coke's products. He literally bumps into the very pretty secretary  who is assigned to help him. Eventually Becker discovers that a local producer of soft drinks run by an old eccentric has been successfully fending off the American brand name products. The executive vows an all out marketing war with the eccentric but eventually comes to reconsider his role as a cog in Coca-Cola's giant corporate machinery. Along the way there are humorous subplots involving the office manager's violent ex-husband, Becker's attempt to find the 'Australian sound', and an odd waiter who is under the mistaken belief that Becker is a secret agent."] ['Star Wreck: In the Pirkinning starts off with the newly established P-Fleet warping into a remote region of space. They approach an anomaly, identified as a "maggot hole" . On the bridge of the C.P.P. Potkustartti , Captain James B. Pirk  reminisces about the events that led up to this, where the previous movie, Star Wreck V: Lost Contact, left off. Pirk is stranded with his crew, Commander Dwarf  and Commander Info , on 20th century Earth. Dwarf works at a small-time hot dog stand, and Pirk stuffs himself with hamburgers while trying to pick up girls. Info\'s whereabouts are unknown. While they\'re stranded on Earth, the timeline is wrecked beyond repair, so Pirk decides to take fate into his own hands. Pirk locates the Vulgars\' spaceship, whose first contact mission was corrupted by rock star Jeffrey Cochbrane, who sold their ship to Russia. Pirk incites the Russians at the Chanistanya nuclear facility to revolt. They build a new ship, the C.P.P. Kickstart. With Russia\'s help the P-Fleet is born again. Earth falls quickly under Pirk\'s rule, but the primitive technology of the new P-Fleet\'s ships prevents the empire from expanding to other planets. With Sergey Fukov\'s encounter with the "maggot hole" Pirk has a new idea of conquest. His hunger for power and profound lack of reason makes him take the fleet through the maggot hole to a parallel universe. In this universe, history had a different path, leading to Babylon 5-like technology. Bent on conquest, Emperor Pirk reveals his plans of invading the parallel universe to Captain Johnny K. Sherrypie, the commander the Babel 13 . The two sides battle, and Babel 13\'s fleet is devastated. Sherrypie surrenders to the P-Fleet\'s forces, and lures the Kickstart\'s security detail, and Pirk himself, with promises of shore leave and sexual encounters with the Babel 13\'s female personnel. Sherrypie and his crew later attempt execute Pirk, but Pirk and his men escape. The battle then resumes with the arrival of the Excavator, commanded by Festerbester. After a bitter fight, the P-Fleet suffers considerable loss, and the Excavator inflicts heavy damage on the Kickstart. Crippled, the Kickstart is set on a collision course and the bridge personnel evacuate to Fukov\'s ship, the C.P.P. Kalinka. The destructive force of the Kickstart ramming the Excavator on the edge of a twist core split , along with the Kalinka destroying the Excavator\'s bridge, destroys Pirk\'s flagship. The remaining five P-Fleet ships move in on Babel 13, preparing to destroy it only to learn that Sherrypie\'s security officer Mikhail Garybrandy  has set the station\'s reactor to blow. The blast destroys the other ships and the Kalinka manages to escape through the maggot hole. However, the Kalinka spirals out of control and crashes into what appears to be ice age Earth. Pirk, Info and Dwarf manage to beam down to safety as the ship crashes. The ending mirrors Pirk\'s predicament in the beginning—he is stranded without a ship, during an uneventful time in history. Info suggests he go into power save mode and stop the fleet from ever leaving, thus saving Pirk and the rest of P-Fleet. The camera then pans into Earth\'s orbit showing the debris of the remaining P-Fleet suggesting they are actually in the future, not the past.'] ["Jack Issel  is a natural-born slacker who has just graduated from business school and joined I.N.C., a large American corporation based in Chicago. On his trip up the corporate ladder, he sees the dirty underside of the corporate world and how it corrupts people. His two mentors, the stuffy and buttoned up corporate president Scott Dantley  and the head vice president Bob Nixon , in fact, show him first-hand how to cheat and blackmail one's way to the top. Jack is further aided by his personnel officer Max  who tells Jack that money and power come before people in the corporate world. Jack's supervisor and the public relations vice president, Jane Caldwell ([[Jane Seymour , also tells Jack exactly the same thing as Jack learns that Jane is a shady vixen who's hell-bent on sleeping her way to the top by seducing every man she meets to get ahead in what she sees as a man's world. Unsure of his abilities, and often incompetent, Jack can't figure out why he keeps getting promoted. Could it have something to do with his father  being an influential  Senator? Among the numerous subplots, Jack meets and falls in love with a young woman named Rachel , who turns out to be the radical, left-wing daughter of the ruthless chairman of the board, Pete Helmes , who is revealed to be promoting Jack so he can gain Jack's father, Senator Issel's support to close down a textile plant in a small upstate town called Allenville, and move it into the Latin American country of San Marcos for company self-interest. Jack spends the rest of the movie trying to stop I.N.C. from closing down the plant, and trying to win Rachel's heart to prove that he can be a good businessman. This film has a surprisingly strong supporting cast in the many interrelated and unrelated subplots who include such established stars as Danny DeVito, as a tax evader named Frank Steadman, and Rick Moranis as a screaming burnout executive named Howard Gross, who have roles in the first 20 minutes of the movie that are little more than cameos. Other subplots include an executive named Mike Hoover , another burnout who learns that he is dying from an unknown terminal illness and everyone wanting, including his coke-sniffing best friend Al Kennedy  trying to steal his job. John Hudson  is also a recent recruit at I.N.C. and one of Jack Issel's classmates whom resorts to trickery to get ahead in the business. Midway through the movie, most of the subplots end without a resolution and the rest of the movie focuses entirely on the Jack-Rachel situation. Within a week of his employment, the further promoted Jack, with Max in tow, travel upstate to the town of Allenville to give a press conference on the closing of the textile plant where Rachel has organized a huge protest of thousands of workers and townspeople protesting the closing of the plant. The mob of townspeople attack and destroy Jack and Max's limousine, much to the chagrin of the company limo driver Sal . At the same time, to impress Rachel, rather than tell a fabricated public relations story about the closing of the plant, Jack tells the truth to the reporters about I.N.C. reasons which are entirely of self-interest, while both the enraged Helmes and Jack's father watch the event on their TV sets. This does win over Rachel's affections and that night, she and Jack spend the night together. The following morning, while Helmes decides to fire Jack, he sees that Jack's actions have drawn nationwide media attention whom hail Jack Issel as an honest businessman. Helmes changes his mind about firing Jack and invites him to his house that weekend where Jack runs into Rachel again and finally learns that she is Helmes' daughter. Helmes tries to win over Jack's loyalty to I.N.C. by inviting him to a dinner reception at the councel offices of a fictitious Latin American country of San Marcos where a dinner reception is taking place where Jack is expected to give a $2 million bribe to a political rival of the San Marcos dictator General Sanchez as another I.N.C. ploy to win the support of the dictatorship government for further business proposes. At the reception, Jack sneaks Rachel into the building where they finally learn the truth about Helmes plans for Jack, as well as his plans for I.N.C.'s business with the country of San Marcos. Stealing the suitcase with the $2 million cash-bribe money, Jack and Rachel flee from the building security forces in a climatic chase and escape from the building and expose I.N.C.'s plans to the press. As a result, the textile plant in Allenville is saved, Pete Helmes is forced to resign from I.N.C. in disgrace, and Jack and Rachel both inherit the majority of I.N.C. stockholder shares. The final scene has Jack, now the new chairman of the board at I.N.C., traveling in Pete Helmes helicopter, to the offices with Sal as his pilot."] ['{{expand section}} After getting Apocalypse Inc. out of town, the Toxic Avenger has nothing to do. He tries to get a job but fails, as a normal job is no place for a hideously deformed creature of superhuman size and strength. Until one day, Toxie is told that his blind girlfriend Claire has a chance to see again, but it will cost a great deal of money. When the famous superhero gets the opportunity to work as a spokesman for Apocalypse Inc., he agrees so he can get money for Claire. As he was unaware of the evil nature of his employers, Apocalypse Inc. took over Tromaville and enslaved the populace. After Claire\'s surgery, she opens up Toxie\'s eyes and it is revealed that the Devil himself is the chairman of Apocalypse Inc. Things begin to make a change for the worse as the Toxic Avenger will be transformed back to his original form, the dorky Melvin Junko, and must face a showdown with the Devil. The Toxic Avenger battles the Devil through the "Five Levels of Doom" trial ordeal.'] ['The film begins with the text "Meanwhile &mdash; in another part of the galaxy &mdash; later that same day". A household steam iron flies through space, fleeing a toaster, which fires toast at it. Two robots named 4-Q-2 (who looks like the Tin Man from the 1939 film [[The Wizard of Oz  and Arty-Deco , escape from the evil Empire. After launching from the ship  in an escape pod , they land on a desert planet . They are found by young Fluke Starbucker, played by future multi-platinum award winning music producer, Scott Mathews who finds a video message saved on Arty-Deco. It is a loop of Princess Anne-Droid saying "Help me Augie Ben Doggie, you\'re my only hope." Upon meeting Augie "Ben" Doggie , Fluke receives his father\'s lightsaber . After tricking the Imperial Steam Trooper guards  to let them into the city, they reach a cantina, which Fluke describes as "too weird". The cantina is a country and western bar, where they meet space renegade Ham Salad and Chewchilla the Wookiee Monster . Meanwhile, the villainous Darph Nader is interrogating the princess. When she refuses to talk , he destroys her peaceful home planet, Basketball . After a light-speed chase, Fluke, Ham, Augie, and the rest are sucked into the enemy base . After they rescue the princess, Augie Ben Doggie chooses to stay behind to battle Darph Nader . Their spaceship is next assaulted by bits of tin-foil trash, which makes Chewchilla jittery until he spies Princess Anne-Droid\'s hair whorls, which are cinnamon rolls worn on the sides of her head. Taking after the Cookie Monster, he eats one as the Princess looks on in disgust. The last scene of the movie involves Fluke flying in a squad of spaceships , presumably to attack the waffle iron. On his way, Fluke is told to "trust your feelings" by the ghostly voice of Augie . Because this short film is a parody of a "coming attractions" teaser trailer, the destruction of the enemy base is not shown, nor is there any victory celebration. The movie ends with "May the Farce be with you", in mockery of the famous Star Wars line. At the very end of the credits, we are told the movie was "filmed on location in space", followed by the statement "no animals were killed in the making of this film", reflecting the legal statement that was beginning to appear in film credits at that time.'] ['The film opens with a fantasy sequence in which Johnny English , an inept British Intelligence agent, is "Agent One". He sneaks into a building, distracts two guard dogs with toys, knocks out two guards and seduces a woman who threatens him. He is awoken from his fantasy just as he is about to kiss the woman by his sidekick, Angus Bough . After being assured that English has checked the submarine hatch codes personally, the real Agent One  leaves on a mission. The audience then learn that Agent One died in action when his submarine hatch "failed to open". A bomb then wipes out Britain\'s remaining agents, all of whom were attending the funeral of Agent One, leaving only English. Nobody notices the hearse, which sped from the scene minutes earlier. Before his death, Agent One was investigating a plot to steal the Crown Jewels. Together with Bough, English takes over the case. Whilst investigating, English becomes attracted to a mysterious woman, Lorna Campbell , whom he meets at the unveiling of the newly restored Crown Jewels, where English is in charge of the security. The power to the room is cut, and English accidentally knocks out the chief of security, before pretending to fight a criminal in another room in an attempt to cover up this fact. Later, Bough and English follow a tunnel and find the Jewels, but fail to stop the thieves after English accidentally ejects the magazine from his pistol. English chases their car, a hearse, but accidentally trails the wrong one after being stopped by a red light and went the wrong way. Convinced the burial party he discovers is an act, he arrests the mourners and the priest before realizing his mistake. Bough rescues him by pretending that English is an escaped asylum inmate. The pair then uncovers the mastermind of the theft, French prison entrepreneur and descendant of William the Conqueror, Pascal Sauvage . English reports his suspicions to the head of MI7, Pegasus , who does not believe him. In the car park, one of Sauvage\'s henchmen attacks English and Bough, and escapes when English mistakenly attacks Bough. English and Bough infiltrate Sauvage\'s headquarters via parachute, but English lands on the wrong building, abseiling the identical London Hospital. He holds several staff and patients at gunpoint, before realizing his mistake. English activates a DVD player, exposing Sauvage\'s plan to instate himself as King, using an impostor, Archbishop of Canterbury . After English accidentally injects himself with muscle relaxant, he and Bough are rescued by Lorna from two of Sauvage\'s men. She turns out to be an Interpol agent, also on Sauvage\'s tail . Along with Bough, they gatecrash a party held by Sauvage. The muscle relaxant not yet worn off, English accidentally insults the Foreign Secretary . One of the henchmen reports English to Sauvage, a friend of English\'s unwitting boss, the latter of whom dismisses Bough and English. Sauvage decides that English knows too much and sends henchmen to force the Queen to sign a letter of abdication, as she does so for her precious pet dog. Sauvage is informed by British officials that, as the closest surviving relative of the Queen, the position of monarch now belongs to him. Lorna visits English at his flat, as his mission was reassigned to her, and persuades English to join her. They travel to France, infiltrate Sauvage\'s chateau, and overhear his proposal to turn the United Kingdom into a giant prison. However, English accidentally triggers a microphone, alerting Sauvage to their presence and in an attempt to steal an incriminating DVD, English accidentally drops it onto a tray full of identical discs, and takes the wrong one. Taken hostage, they are freed by Bough and return to England on the day of the coronation. At Sauvage\'s coronation, English sneaks in with Lorna, the former disguised as the English bishop in front of Sauvage. He publicly accuses Sauvage of treason, and unaware that the fake Archbishop is no longer being used, English attempts to pull off his face, believing it to be a mask and then pulls down his trousers to look for a tattoo that says "Jesus is coming, look busy". English then radios to Bough to tell him to play the DVD they retrieved. Bough does so, resulting in three-quarters of the world\'s population watching English, in a shower cap and underpants, dancing and miming along to "Does Your Mother Know" by ABBA. English escapes, but comes back, swinging from a wire above Sauvage and the Archbishop, grabbing the crown before it touches Sauvage\'s head. Sauvage reveals his true intentions to London by pulling a gun and shooting at English, telling London that it will stand in line and do what he\'s told no matter what, including letting him turn the country into a prison. In the following struggle, English is inadvertently crowned instead. He places Sauvage under arrest, reveals his plot to the Queen and allows her to return to the throne, in return for a knighthood. The film ends with English driving Lorna to the top of a mountain where Johnny accidentally presses the eject button whilst about to kiss her, and Lorna shoots into the sky. There is also a short scene in the credits showing Lorna landing in a swimming pool where Bough is sitting and as the orange haired criminal described earlier by English lowers his newspaper.'] ["The plot focuses on Jon Lovitz's character, Richard Clark, attempting to improve the school where he is teaching, which is extreme to the point that there are reserved parking spaces for SWAT team and National Guard members. He is assisted by his co-worker turned girlfriend, Victoria Chapell . Together they turn the school around in the ghetto to become a fine establishment suitable for education. In the end of the film, Doyle, the principal, is exposed as a drug dealer and is arrested, the main six students throughout the movie graduate , Griff delivers the valedictorian speech and Clark makes good on his promise to help Griff attend college, is now principal, and is in a relationship with Victoria."] ["{{plot|section|dateAlternate ending Instead of the rooftop battle, the Hourglass and Rick battle inside the comic book convention. At one point, several convention attendees tell the Hourglass how to kill people. When the Hourglass is defeated, Landers' nephew realizes that Rick has killed his uncle. Enraged, he lunges for Rick, but is knocked out by Trey with the Douchebag of the Year Award. Instead of Hawking falling off the building, he is blown up by an Hourglass Bomb, and crushed by his falling wheelchair. The helicopter scene is omitted from this version, as Rick and Jill silently share two passionate kisses, which are significant because Rick initiates the kiss with Jill for the first time as the end credits roll."] ['The story begins with a military truck transporting barrels of Trioxin. These barrels contain the substance from original Return of the Living Dead, which caused a zombie outbreak. The soldiers driving this truck  driving through a downpour, don\'t notice when a barrel breaks loose from the truck, which falls into a river near new housing development in the town of Westvale. The barrel is found by some boys who release Trioxin gas, which subsequently enters a nearby cemetery causing the dead to return once again. Several actors from Return of the Living Dead Part 1  as different characters. The "Tar-Man" zombie from part 1 also appears.'] ["American Raspberry tells the story of what happens when some strange unknown sources takes over the air waves and replaces the normal programs with rude, crude, and politically incorrect programming and commercials. The President of the United States  demands that something be done about the distasteful programming.  *Celebrity Sportsman Presents: The Charles Whitman Invitational; A parody of the famous shooting that took place in Austin, Texas, on August 1, 1966. *The Sexual Deviation Telethon; A telethon hosted by a transvestite. *Peterson's Dog Food; A dog food commercial, with a Soylent Green twist. *Die Tough Battery; A parody of Sears' DieHard batteries that power an execution. *Manny's Nymphs; a direct parody of TV series Charlie's Angels. *Mamorax Cassette Tape; a commercial with Adolf Hitler's voice on tape with a very antisemitism ending. *Stay Down; a parody for a spray that will stop unwanted erections."] ['Seventeen-year-old high school student, Scott Howard, is sick of being average and wishing he were special. His father runs a local hardware store. Scott plays basketball for his high school\'s team, the Beavers, with a not-so-good win-loss record. The girl of his dreams, Pamela Wells, is dating Mick McAllister, a jerk from an opposing high school team, the Dragons. After another of the team\'s losses, Scott begins to notice strange changes to his body. While at a party, Scott keeps undergoing changes and eventually he returns home, locks himself in the bathroom, and undergoes a complete change and becomes a werewolf, while his father demands that he open the door. He tries to refuse, only to finally give in and obey, to find his father has also transformed into a werewolf. Harold never told his son about the condition because "sometimes it skips a generation" and he was hoping it would not happen to Scott. Scott first reveals his transformation to the public at one of his basketball games, after getting pinned in a pile-up. After momentarily stunning the crowd with The Wolf, Scott goes on to wow them with his basketball skills and he finishes the game with a quadruple double. Scott subsequently learns to use his family "curse" to gain popularity at school, becoming the team\'s star basketball player, and learns to transform at will between his normal self and The Wolf. His basketball team goes from last to first, and Scott begins spending most of his school time as The Wolf. He also wins the interest of Pamela while ignoring the affections of his best friend, Boof, who has loved him since childhood. Scott\'s other best friend Stiles, a party animal with an entrepreneurial streak, quickly cashes in on Scott\'s new-found popularity, selling Teen Wolf T-shirts and other merchandise. Stiles\' "wolfmania" reaches such extremes that he trades in his own vehicle for a stepvan dubbed "Wolfmobile." After a freaky encounter with Mick at the Spring Dance that almost turns violent, Scott wishes to be himself. During the final basketball game , Scott refuses to "wolf out" and insists on winning the game on his own. Coach Bobby Finstock tells Scott that the team is doomed to fail without The Wolf, but Scott is able to prove him wrong. In a dramatic ending, and with the help of five fouls from Mick, Scott is able to rally the team back to within a point as time is expiring. Scott is fouled one last time by Mick on the final play and given two shots. In a clear violation of the rules, Mick is able to stand underneath the basket as Scott attempts his foul shots. Scott makes both baskets and the Beavers win the game by one point. Pamela smugly expects to get Scott\'s attention after the game is over, but he passes her by to hold Boof in his arms, kissing her passionately.'] ["Sheriff Sugar Wolf  returns to his hometown after many years to find that it has been taken over by Big Baby Chips , a ruthless gambling tycoon who have run the downtrodden town of Mud Bug with his gang of thugs, which include Raw Stank  and Dusty Poot , since killing Sugar Wolf's father, Grizzly Wolf , and Sugar's brothers. Sugar decides to take over the position his father once held, leading Big Baby Chips to pit Sugar against a series of deadly assassins. Sugar Wolf begins to successfully dispatch of his would-be assassins, winning the approval of the townfolk, begins a romance with Tink , a little person and takes on a deputy, Bucky . After Sugar Wolf jails Raw Stank and Dusty Poot, Big Baby Chips calls in his deadliest assassin, which turns out to be Tink, who, in reality, is a bearded man in drag, Tank , who cripples Sugar Wolf's shooting hand. Dirty Sanchez , a former rival of Big Baby Chips, whose hands had been crippled by Big Baby Chips, trains Sugar Wolf to fight with his other hand. Sugar Wolf challenges Big Baby Chips to a showdown, and guns down the gambler, who reveals himself to be Grizzly Wolf."] ['In a prologue, pompous film director Eric Von Leppe  is shooting a skydiving sequence for low-budget Miracle Pictures in which an actress is killed. Candy Wednesday  arrives in Los Angeles to make it as an actor. She gets an agent, Walter Paisley , but struggles to find work until she inadvertently gets involved in a bank robbery as a getaway driver. This gets her a job for Miracle Pictures as a stunt driver. She meets Eric Von Leppe, temperamental starlet Mary McQueen , sleazy producer PG  and friendly scriptwriter, Pat . Candy and Pat fall in love and she starts to get work as an actor, becoming friends with fellow starlets Bobbi  and Jill . Everyone goes to the Philippines to make a movie, Machete Maidens of Mora Tau, starring Candy, Mary, Bobbi and Jill. Candy has to play a character who is raped which upsets her. Later on during the shoot, Jill, Bobbi and PG have a threesome. During the filming of a battle sequence, Jill is shot dead by an unseen attacker. Back in the US, Candy, Walter and Pat all go to see Machete Maidens at a local drive in, where the projectionist tries to rape Candy but she is rescued by Walter. While shooting a chase scene in a science fiction film, Mary, Candy and Jill are almost killed in a car accident. Jill is called back to the studio late at night and is stabbed to death. Candy begins to suspect Patrick is the killer. But it turns out the real culprit is Mary. She tries to kill Candy at the Hollywood Sign but it falls on her and crushes her to death. Candy is reunited with Pat and becomes a film star.'] ['Chance  is a middle-aged man who lives in the townhouse of an old, wealthy man in Washington D.C. He seems simple-minded and has lived there his whole life tending the garden. Other than gardening, his knowledge is derived entirely from what he sees on television. When his benefactor dies, Chance is forced to leave and discovers the outside world for the first time. He wanders aimlessly, wearing his former employer\'s expensive clothes. Chance passes by a TV shop and sees himself captured by a camera in the shop window. Entranced, he steps backward off the sidewalk and is struck by a car owned by Ben Rand , an elderly business mogul. Rand\'s wife Eve  brings Chance to their home to recover. Drinking alcohol for the first time, Chance coughs as he tells them his name. "Chance the Gardener" is misheard as "Chauncey Gardiner". Judging by his appearance and manners, Rand assumes that Chance is an upper class, highly educated business man. Chance\'s style and seemingly insightful ways embody the qualities Rand admires. Chance\'s simplistic utterances about gardens are interpreted as allegorical statements about business and the state of the economy. Rand is also a confidant and adviser of the U.S. President , whom he introduces to "Chauncey". The president interprets Chance\'s remarks about how the garden changes with the seasons as economic and political advice. Chance, as Chauncey Gardiner, quickly rises to national public prominence. He becomes a media celebrity with an appearance on a television talk show and soon rises to the top of Washington society. Public opinion polls start to reflect just how much his "simple brand of wisdom" resonates with the jaded American public. Rand, dying of aplastic anemia, encourages Eve to become close to Chance. At his funeral, while the president delivers a speech, members of the board of Rand\'s companies hold a whispered discussion over potential replacements for the President in the next term of office. As Rand\'s coffin is about to be interred in the family mausoleum, they unanimously agree on "Chauncey Gardiner". Oblivious to all this, Chance wanders through Rand\'s wintry estate. He straightens out a pine sapling and then walks off across the surface of a small lake. The audience now sees Chance physically walking on water. He pauses, dips his umbrella into the water under his feet as if testing its depth, turns, and then continues to walk on the water as the president quotes Rand: "Life is a state of mind."'] ["When frat boys Philo  and George  fail at becoming pilots, the duo decides to join Weidermeyer Academy, one of top stewardess schools in the country. During training, the guys encounter a group of misfits who run the gamut of quirkiness. The group end up bonding and they're all sent to the seedy Stromboli Airlines for their final test. During the cross country flight, which is filled with blind passengers, the group encounters a Mad Bomber  who intends to blow up the plane. After the pilots get gassed by the bomber, it's up to the students to save the day."] [' May 3, 1962: Tracy Turnblad, a cheerful, overweight high school student living in Baltimore, Maryland steps out of her apartment  and endures a day’s worth of school before she and best friend Penny Pingleton can watch their favorite television show, The Corny Collins Show, a teen dance show broadcast from local station WYZT . The teenagers featured on the show attend Tracy and Penny\'s school, among them the arrogant and wealthy Amber von Tussle and her boyfriend, Link Larkin, the lead male dancer. Amber’s mother, Velma, manages WYZT and makes sure Amber is featured and that The Corny Collins Show remains a racially segregated program. Corny Collins and his Council Members are white; black kids are only allowed on the show on "Negro Day", held the last Tuesday of each month and hosted by R&B disc jockey Motormouth Maybelle, who owns the local record shop. Tracy\'s reclusive mother, Edna, and Penny\'s strict, religious mother, Prudy, disapprove of their daughters\' fascination with the program, despite the fact that Prudy watches the show herself; Tracy\'s father, Wilbur, a joke-shop proprietor, is more lenient. Corny Collins announces that one of the Council Members, Brenda, is pregnant, and is going on a leave of absence, so auditions for a replacement will be held during school hours the next day . When Tracy attends, Velma rejects her for being overweight and supporting integration (". Tracy is sent to detention by Miss Wimsey for skipping school, discovering the "Negro Day" kids practicing their dances in the detention hall. Tracy befriends the students\' best dancer, Motormouth Maybelle\'s son, Seaweed, who teaches Tracy several dance moves. As Tracy leaves detention, she inadvertently bumps into Link and dreams of a life with him . At a record hop, Tracy’s moves attract the attention of Corny Collins  and he appoints her to the Council ("The Nicest Kids in Town . Tracy becomes one of Corny\'s most popular Council Members. This, however, threatens Amber\'s chances of winning the show\'s yearly "Miss Teenage Hairspray" pageant  and her relationship with Link, as he grows fonder of Tracy. Mr. Pinky, a slightly off-centered salesman, suggests that Tracy be the spokesgirl for his Hefty Hideaway boutique. Tracy persuades Edna to accompany her to the Hefty Hideaway as her agent, and in the process helps cure her mother\'s agoraphobia . Tracy introduces Seaweed to Penny, and the two are smitten. One afternoon, Amber has Tracy sent to detention. Link follows after taunting their teacher Mr. Flak. Seaweed invites the girls and Link to follow him and his sister Little Inez to a platter party at Motormouth Maybelle\'s store . Edna finds Tracy and tries to take her home, until Maybelle convinces her to stay and tells her to take pride in herself . Maybelle informs everyone that Velma has canceled "Negro Day". Tracy suggests that Maybelle and the others stage a demonstration for the next afternoon, a day before the "Miss Teenage Hairspray" pageant. Realizing that he has a chance at stardom by singing at the pageant, Link does not attend the demonstration. After the party, Edna goes to Wilbur\'s shop to flirt with him, but Velma gets there first and tries to seduce Wilbur ("Big, Blonde and Beautiful . Edna arrives and accuses Wilbur of infidelity. Edna, out of hatred for Velma, forbids Tracy from being on the show. Wilbur and Edna reconcile (". The next morning, Tracy sneaks out of the house to join the protest , which comes to a halt at a police roadblock set up by Velma. The protesters are arrested, but Tracy runs to the Pingletons, where Penny hides her in a fallout shelter. Prudy catches Tracy and calls the police before tying Penny to her bed. Seaweed and his friends, having been bailed out by Wilbur, help Tracy and Penny escape. Link visits Tracy’s house to look for her and realizes that he loves her. Seaweed and Penny acknowledge their love during the escape from her house . With the pageant underway (", Velma places police officers around WYZT to stop Tracy. She also changes the pageant tallies so Amber is guaranteed to win. Penny arrives at the pageant with Edna incognito, while Wilbur, Seaweed and the Negro Day kids help Tracy infiltrate the studio to participate in the Miss Teenage Hairspray contest. Link breaks away from Amber to dance with Tracy; later, he pulls Little Inez, who has arrived at WYZT with Maybelle, to the stage to dance in the pageant. Little Inez receives the most votes and wins the pageant, officially integrating The Corny Collins Show. Velma declares her frustration, informing her daughter of the tally-switching scheme. Edna and Wilbur have turned a camera on her, and Velma\'s outburst is broadcast on the air, causing her to be dismissed. The Corny Collins Show set explodes into a celebration as Tracy and Link cement their love with a kiss .'] ['Jim Blandings , a bright account executive in the advertising business, lives with his wife Muriel  and two daughters in a cramped New York apartment. Muriel secretly plans to remodel their apartment. After rejecting this idea, Jim Blandings comes across an ad for new homes in Connecticut and they get excited about moving. Planning to purchase and "fix up" an old home, the couple contact a real estate agent, who uses them to unload "The Old Hackett Place" in fictional Lansdale County, Connecticut. It is a dilapidated, two hundred-year-old farmhouse. Blandings purchases the property for more than the going rate for land in the area, provoking his friend/lawyer Bill Cole to chastise him for following his heart rather than his head. {{citation needed}} The old house, dating from the Revolutionary War-era, turns out to be structurally unsound and has to be torn down. The Blandings hire architect Simms ([[Reginald Denny  to design and supervise the construction of the new home. From the original purchase to the new house\'s completion, a long litany of unforeseen troubles and setbacks beset the hapless Blandings and delay their moving-in date. On top of all this, at work Jim is assigned the task of coming up with a slogan for "WHAM"-brand ham, an advertising account that has destroyed the careers of previous account executives assigned to it. Jim also suspects that Muriel is cheating on him with Bill Cole after Bill slept at the Blandings\' alone in the house with Muriel one night due to a violent thunderstorm. With mounting pressure, skyrocketing expenses, and his new assignment, Jim starts to wonder why he wanted to live in the country. The Blandings\' maid Gussie provides Blandings with the perfect WHAM slogan, and he saves his job. As the film ends, Bill Cole says that he realizes that some things "you do buy with your heart."'] ["John Bourgignon  is an amiable chauffeur and would-be drummer who is engaged to the daughter  of an extremely disapproving United States senator . As the wedding date approaches, Bourgignon's sleazy film-director friend  blackmails the senator into allowing him to record the ceremony, while Bourgignon runs afoul of a motorcycle gang and later finds himself kicked out onto the nighttime city streets while handcuffed to a dead man . Worst of all, a local aerobics studio has become the front for an inept religious cult which has targeted the senator for assassination, and attempts to drug and brainwash Bourgignon into killing his future father-in-law during the wedding ceremony. In the end, with the questionable help of his even more hapless friend , Bourgignon more or less saves the day, and more or less lives happily ever after."] ['Don Quixote  is a don who plans on selling India in a widely publicized auction. His plan is simple &mdash; kidnap the president , replace him with a lookalike , throw a scare and "force" the fake president to sell India. Hero  is new to Mumbai and broke. Miss India  is busy living it up the night she meets Hero. They meet and decide to spend the night entertaining each other in any way possible &mdash; joking, dancing or doing anything they can think of. Meanwhile, Don Quixote\'s son Prince  has set his eyes on Miss India, who thwarts all his overtures. The night turns out to be an adventurous one for Hero and Miss India. Hero discovers that Miss India\'s father is a drunkard who wants her to enter prostitution, while Miss India discovers that Hero has brain tumor. When they find out Quixote\'s plans, they decide to save the president. Quixote gets killed and Prince takes his throne. Prince decides to continue his father\'s plan. Some people previously rescued by Hero and Miss India kill the fake president. Prince suddenly makes an entry with his henchmen. Hero, Miss India and their friends successfully overpower the cronies while Hero kills Prince. Finally, Hero makes a makeshift parachute and jumps from the building with Miss India. During the jump, Hero declares that he is glad to be alive. When Miss India reminds him that he has brain tumor, Hero tells her that the X-ray she saw was taken eight years ago.'] ['Set in 1976, Jackie Moon is a singer who has used the profits from his one hit single "Love Me Sexy", to buy a basketball team in the American Basketball Association, the Flint Tropics,Flint Tropics becoming the owner, head Coach and starting power forward. The ABA Commissioner announces a plan to merge the league with the National Basketball Association, but only four teams will move to the more established league. The Tropics, the worst team in the league, are in danger of dissolving. In response, Jackie argues that the teams with the four best records overall should be merged into the NBA. The Commissioner reluctantly accepts Jackie\'s offer. Now that the Tropics have somewhat of a shot to be an NBA franchise, Jackie trades away the team\'s washing machine to the Kentucky Colonels for Ed Monix, former backup point guard for the NBA Champion Boston Celtics. Soon, the Commissioner reveals that as well as having a top-four record, the Tropics will also need a stable fan base and have an attendance of at least 2,000 fans at every remaining home game of the season. Jackie begins to stage extremely desperate stunts, like wrestling a bear named Dewie after a basketball game.Travers, Peter. "The Ferrell Factor". Rolling Stone 3/20/2008: 68. The Tropics begin playing better with Monix, as well as the increased intensity of Clarence Withers. Monix soon takes over as offensive and defensive co-ordinator, as well as starting point guard, leaving Jackie merely the title of head Coach. Monix trains the team rigorously with a play he calls the "puke", as the players are to run it, without a ball, until they vomit. From Monix\'s training, the Tropics go on a winning run, moving them up from last to fifth. Suddenly Jackie, now extremely excited about the possibilities in his grasp, gets a visit from the Commissioner. The Commissioner tells the team that the NBA does not think that Flint has a large enough media market and will not allow the Tropics into the league even if they beat the first place San Antonio Spurs on Saturday. Distressed, Jackie admits that he stole "Love Me Sexy" from a napkin his mother wrote on three weeks before she died. Now realizing that all his assets, including the team, are basically stolen, Jackie trades Withers to the Spurs so that he may realize his dream in the NBA. Monix inspires the team to leave everything on the court as, while they may not be able to continue the franchise after this season, they have come very far and still have a lot to prove. Going into the Spurs game, which Moon declares the "MegaBowl", the Tropics are in fifth place and with a win they would make it into fourth, although they have no chance in making it into the NBA. The game begins and the Jobes\' Tropics fall behind quickly. In the closing seconds of the first half, Jackie gets fouled hard by Spurs player Petrelli while going up for a shot and is injured. Withers decides he has seen enough and rushes in to the Tropics locker rooms with the rest of the team, which angers the Spurs players and Coach. During halftime, an unconscious Jackie imagines that he is in heaven with his mother. He apologizes for stealing her song and then she gives him a weapon in order to win the final game of the franchise. Awaking in the locker room, he tells the team what they are going to do to win. Back on the court, the Tropics reveal their new weapon: the Alley-Oop. With the return of Withers, it is very effective and he leads the charge. At first, the referee calls the play a foul, but after some persuasion by Jackie and Monix, is soon convinced that it is a legitimate score. The Tropics take advantage of this new strategy and begin coming back. After the Spurs start defending against the Alley-Oop, Monix then takes a charge and calls for them to run the "Puke" with 12 seconds left and down by two points, 115–117. The play gives Jackie the ball, but he gets fouled hard again with two seconds left. Shooting granny style, Moon sinks the first basket. The second rebounds off and Monix tips it in right at the buzzer for two points to score a victory for the Tropics. The Coach of the Spurs offers Withers his position back on the team. The now-former ABA Commissioner offers Jackie a position on the staff of the NBA Assistant Commissioner, as a marketing director. Just as Jackie is about to accept, the Commissioner is mauled by the bear Jackie wrestled with earlier.'] ["Nuvo hangs out with a group of pals who have an inordinate interest in getting high, and like his buddies he's always interested in the next new chemical to come along. Nuvo and his friends Swatch, Chad, Theo and Ping. have heard about a new drug called the Helix, but while they'd like to give it a try, word on the street is that it has rather unpredictable effects—used properly, it can give its users deep enlightenment, but a bad trip can literally cause you to lose your mind. Nuvo's interest in the Helix is more philosophical than recreational, and he falls in with two mysterious figures, Infiniti and Orpheum, who are searching for The Other One—a person who can break through to a new level of understanding while tripping on the Helix."] ['Victor, a seventy-six year old physics professor traveling by chauffeured car to give a university lecture, decides to visit his boyhood home. In the outhouse, he finds a figurine of a dove which reminds him of a summer picnic from his youth. Later in the flashback, Victor  and his beloved sister Inga run through the woods until they come across Death, who has come to claim Inga. Victor wagers that Death will not win a badmintonska  competition with Inga -- parodying The Seventh Seal, in which the competition is a game of chess. Death agrees, with the condition that if he wins he will take both Inga and Victor. After Inga wins the competition, she and Victor happily run to the lake to go skinny-dipping.'] ['Although the film does not have a linear plot, a skeletal structure exists, telling the same story from three different perspectives divided into three acts.  The film\'s main character is Fletcher Munson , an office employee working under Theodore Azimuth Schwitters, the leader of a self-help company/religion/lifestyle known as Eventualism, a clear reference to L. Ron Hubbard and Scientology. The audience sees the events unfold in the opening act through Fletcher\'s point of view. Fletcher sees the underlying meaning in everything, paying more attention to what is meant, rather than what is said. As he progresses through his day the audience sees the lack of attention he is paying to the people around him, degrading to the point where he comes home for dinner and he and his wife illustrate their lack of communication by simply describing what they are saying. :Fletcher: Generic greeting. :Wife: Generic greeting returned. :Fletcher: Imminent sustenance. :Wife: Overly dramatic statement regarding upcoming meal. :Fletcher: Oooh, false reaction indicating hunger and excitement! When Fletcher\'s co-worker Lester Richards  unexpectedly dies, Fletcher must take his job as speechwriter for Schwitters. His personal life suffers because of his work, and he becomes even more detached from his wife, who is trying to cope by having an affair. Meanwhile, Elmo Oxygen, a local exterminator, spends much of his time going from house to house, bedding the bored housewives of the community, and taking pictures of his genitals using various cameras he finds on tables and in cabinets. Elmo and those around him speak in a nonsensical code that, for all its complexity, conveys meaning perfectly. As Elmo makes his rounds, he is followed by a couple in an SUV. Fletcher finishes this act by making an honest mistake in a parking lot. Finding that his key will not work, he looks around and finds that his car  is an exact match for the one he is trying to get into. He goes to enter his own car when he sees a man who is his exact double climb into the car he himself just tried to enter. Fletcher follows his doppelganger home and closes his eyes and becomes this mystery man.  The second act follows the doppelganger, one Dr. Jeffrey Korchek. Korchek is a conservative dentist who has been mentioned by one or two smaller characters in the first act. He is always in a jogging suit, although he only jogs from his car to the door of wherever he is going. He is also quite a fan of Muzak. Korchek, it turns out, is the mystery man that Fletcher\'s wife has been having an affair with, causing Fletcher/Korchek to comment, "Oh no. I\'m having an affair with my wife!" Despite being with, essentially, the same man, Mrs. Munson seems to feel comfortable with Dr. Korchek. The communication is better and she feels needed and wanted. Korchek suggests she leave Fletcher and move in with him. Mrs. Munson says she will think about it. The next day, Dr. Korchek has breakfast with his heroin addict brother, who first asks to stay with Korchek, and then asks to borrow money. Korchek says he cannot and that his brother should not be dealing with the drug dealers anyway. The brother tries to see it from this perspective, but they cannot see eye to eye on this one. Korchek goes to work. Once there he meets Attractive Woman Number 2 . Korchek falls instantly in love with her and writes a letter professing his love. :"Dear attractive woman number 2, only once in my life have I responded to a person the way I\'ve responded to you, but I\'ve forgotten when it was or even if it was in fact me that responded. I may not know much, but I know that the wind sings your name endlessly, although with a slight lisp that makes it difficult to understand if I\'m standing near an air conditioner. I know that your hair sits atop your head as though it could sit nowhere else. I know that your figure would make a sculptor cast aside his tools, injuring his assistant who was looking out the window instead of paying attention. I know that your lips are as full as that sexy French models that I desperately want to fuck. I know that if for an instant I could have you lie next to me, or on top of me, or sit on me, or stand over me and shake, then I would be the happiest man in my pants. I know all of this, and yet you do not know me. Change your life; accept my love. Or, at least let me pay you to accept it." He leaves this note on her door and goes home. Once there, he sees a car parked in the driveway. It is Mrs. Munson, who has considered the offer and has left Fletcher. Korchek has to admit that he has fallen in love with someone else and this probably is not going to work out. Mrs. Munson is justifiably upset and leaves. The next day Korchek gets to work and is confronted by a large man who says "Your brother, eight hours, fifteen thousand dollars." In fact, almost all of this man\'s dialog consists of some combination of these three commands. Korchek goes into the office and finds a registered letter from a law firm representing Attractive Woman Number 2, who is filing a sexual harassment suit against Dr. Korchek. The day goes from bad to worse when it is revealed that Korchek\'s brother has stolen all of his money. Broke, tired, loveless and depressed, Korchek leaves work, only to find that the large man\'s time limit has elapsed. Korchek is shot dead. Throughout this act, Elmo has been given his own action show and has given up bug spraying to become a star.  The final act is seen through the perspective of Mrs. Munson. We move through the storyline again and see her side of things, Fletcher\'s growing disaffection, Dr. Korchek\'s affection, the day-to-day routine of being a mom. The action follows roughly the same events, except that Fletcher and his doppelganger speak Japanese, Italian or French, with the cultural stereotype of each nationality reflecting Mrs Munson\'s perception of the men. This is in a similar vein to the "generic greetings" of the earlier act. Once she leaves Korchek, she makes a tired reconciliation with Fletcher and they go home together. Fletcher finishes Schwitter\'s speech and all seems to be well. The day of the speech, Schwitters mounts the podium and prepares to give the oration which is, by all accounts, quite good. He does not get to utter even a greeting, though, as Elmo, who has been missing for this entire act, bursts into the auditorium and shoots Schwitters in the chest. Schwitters survives, however, and Oxygen is arrested. After nonsensical ranting he exposes his crotch in a police interrogation. The movie ends with a pair of monologues. First, Munson is seen in a shopping mall narrating the events of the rest of his life &mdash; his wife will leave him and he will drunkenly collapse in Alaska and freeze to death. Then, Soderbergh returns and asks if there are any questions regarding the end of the film. The camera pulls back and reveals he\'s talking to an empty auditorium.  The film has no beginning or end credits. There is a single frame of copyright information at the end of the film.'] ["Jesse Huston  hires Allan Quatermain to find her father, believed lost on an expedition to find the fabled King Solomon's Mines. Together with his companion, the mysterious Umbopo, they penetrate unknown country, following a map believed to be genuine. It transpires that Professor Huston has been captured by a German military expedition on the same quest, led by Bockner , an stereotypical single-minded knackwurst-munching, bald-headed Colonel and a ruthless Turkish slave-trader and adventurer, Dogati . Huston is being forced to interpret another map, also believed to be genuine. The two rival expeditions shadow each other, clashing on several occasions, and finally enter the tribal lands of the Kukuana who capture them. The tribe is under the control of the evil priestess, Gagoola, who has Quatermain hung upside down over a pond full of crocodiles. Just when all seems lost, Umbopo arrives and after defeating Gagoola's warriors in combat, reveals his identity as an exiled tribal chief and the rightful ruler of the Kukuanas. As the tribesmen submit to him, Gagoola captures Jesse and flees into caves in the depths of the Breasts of Sheba, the twin mountain peaks where the mines are located. They are pursued by Bockner and Dogati, who attack the village in full force. They follow Quatermain and Umbopo to the entrance to the mines, but are hampered by a moat of quicksand. Bockner orders his men forward into the moat, but they have trouble crossing it. Dogati then kills all of Bockner's soldiers, as well as most of his own men, and uses their bodies as stepping stones to cross the moat safely. As they approach the entrance, Bockner shoots Dogati and takes command of what little remains of the party. Inside the mines, Quatermain and Umbopo rescue Jesse and find the resting place of all the former tribal queens, including the Queen of Sheba herself, encased in crystal. Umbopo explains that Gagoola had attempted to sacrifice Jesse in order to keep her power as the Kukuanas' ruler because of Jessie's strong resemblance to the Queen of Sheba. Then Gagoola appears and taunts Umbopo, who pursues her through the caverns. As Bockner and his men arrive next, Quatermain and Jessie flee for safety, but end up in the cavern's treasure chamber, which is full of raw diamonds and other priceless treasures. As they gather some of the diamonds to take with them, Bockner hears their voices from outside the chamber, but before he can enter, Gagoola activates a hidden rock switch and seals Quatermain and Jessie inside the chamber. The switch also triggers a trap that causes the ceiling of the chamber, which is lined with stalactites to lower on them. Quatermain and Jessie manage to stop the ceiling trap, but then the chamber begins filling up with water. Just as the chamber fills completely, a lit stick of dynamite set by Bockner outside the chamber door explodes, sending them both spewing out of the chamber in the resulting flood to safety. Bockner enters the chamber and quickly lays claim to the treasure, only to be confronted by a wounded, but very much alive, Dogati, who was wearing a protective vest that shielded him from the bullets. He then forces Bockner to swallow some of the diamonds, intending to cut him open to retrieve them later on. Meanwhile, Umbopo finally corners Gagoola. But rather than face his judgment, she instead leaps down one of the volcano's shafts and is incinerated when she lands in the molten lava below. However, the reaction causes a series of eruptions throughout the mines. Dogati is partially buried when the treasure chamber's ceiling collapses, but Bockner is unharmed. He gloats to Dogati after claiming a few more diamonds for himself, then leaves the chamber. But not before firing his gun at the ruined ceiling, burying Dogati alive. Quatermain, Jessie and Umbopa quickly flee for their lives through the collapsing caverns. They cross over a small booby- trapped lake , only to be stopped by Bockner, who demands they surrender their diamonds to him. Quatermain places the diamonds on the central stepping stone that triggers the trap and tells Bockner to come take the diamonds himself if he wants them. Bockner does so and falls into the lake, only to be seized in the jaws of a Mokele-mbembe and dragged beneath the water. The trap resets itself and the diamonds rise back to the surface, but Umbopo warns Quatermain and Jesse not to take them, saying they belong to the mountain. The trio continue their escape through the caverns, which becomes even more dangerous as the lava chamber they are in is full of fire and falling rocks. Quatermain tells Umbopo to take Jessie through to safety while he follows them. But before he can do so, he is struck down by Dogati, who survived the cave-in. A brutal fight between them ensues, but Quatermain gains the upper hand at the last instant, sending Dogati falling into the chamber's lava pit to his death. Quatermain manages to escape from the mines at the last minute, just as the volcano explodes, sealing the entrance forever. Returning to the village, Umbopo assumes his rightful place as the ruler of the Kukuanas and he and his people bid a fond farewell to Quatermain and Jesse. As they exit the village, they each reveal they had kept a diamond from the mines as a souvenir of their adventure and the movie ends with them kissing outside the village gates."] ['Jack Spade  returns from the Army to his old neighborhood following the death of his brother, Junebug. The police determine Junebug\'s death to be the result of an "OG", or "Over Gold" — the victim has overdosed on gold chains. A brief image of Junebug is shown featuring him covered, head-to-toe, with gold chains. When not distracted by his old girlfriend and Junebug\'s wife Cheryl , Jack seeks revenge for his brother\'s death. He declares war on "Mr. Big", a powerful local crime lord, who is seen as the person responsible for putting gold chains on the streets of Jack\'s neighborhood. Jack enlists the help of John Slade  Jack\'s childhood idol, who fought bad guys in the 1970s. With John\'s help, Jack enlists an "army" consisting of Hammer  and Slammer , Flyguy , and Kung Fu Joe ([[Steve James . Together with his army, Jack sets out to eliminate the gold chain trade from the streets of his neighborhood and take down "Mr. Big".'] ["The tailor's handyman  burns a count's trousers while ironing them and is fired. His superior  discovers a note explaining the count can't attend a party, and dresses up like one to take his place. Chaplin also goes to the residence hosting the party, but runs into the tailor. They both then struggle to win the fair maiden, Miss Moneybags . Soon, Charlie is distracted by a gypsy girl and the tailor must fend off other suitors. The real Count finally arrives, learns of the imposters and calls the police. Chaplin makes a mad dash through the party and scampers away to safety."] ["In Los Angeles, Billie York  is murdered by Mr. Jigsaw  because she possesses a microfilm with the recipe to turn cocaine into Wilderness Girls cookies and she won't hand it over to the ones that seek it. Her former partner, Wes Luger , takes the case in an attempt to avenge her death. As part of the terms for letting Luger taking the case, the psychotic burned-out narcotics agent, Jack Colt , is assigned to the case with Luger. Under the advice of their captain, they meet Dr. Harold Leacher  who informs Jack that the case has something to do with General Mortars under whom Jack had worked during his days in Vietnam. Following Leacher's advice they pursue the villains, however, before the villains are apprehended, Luger must journey into his past to realize the right thing to do. In the end, the Cookie Factory is destroyed in an explosion due to a cigarette and a gasoline spill."] [' Giselle lives in "Andalasia", an animated fairy tale world devoid of problems, in which there are talking animals and "happy endings". Prince Edward, Giselle\'s designated "true love", saves her from the advances of a troll and they plan to get married the following day. Meanwhile, Queen Narissa, Edward\'s stepmother, schemes to protect the throne. The queen, disguised as an old hag, sends Giselle to New York City\'s Times Square, designating it as a "place where there are no happily ever afters". After a number of misadventures, including a minor car accident, an accidental subway ride with a crowd of people, and having her tiara stolen by a homeless man in the Bowery, Giselle runs into a brightly lit billboard, featuring a huge pink castle, advertising "The Palace" casino. Mistaking the billboard image for an actual palace, Giselle attempts to enter the structure. She falls and is rescued by Robert, a hardened, yet friendly, divorce lawyer. At the insistence of his daughter, Morgan, Robert lets Giselle stay at their apartment. At Robert\'s apartment, she revives the lifestyle of her home world, recruiting urban animals – pigeons, cockroaches and rats – to do the housework while she fashions a dress out of the lawyer\'s curtains. Nancy Tremaine, Robert\'s girlfriend, misunderstands the situation and has a falling out with Robert. Robert wants them both to separate so that he can continue with his life, but eventually believes that Giselle needs his protection. Giselle questions the divorce lawyer about his affection towards Nancy, and decides to help the pair reconcile by sending flowers and tickets to the "King and Queen\'s Ball". Meanwhile, Narissa\'s henchman, Nathaniel, follows Prince Edward and his chipmunk Pip, who have journeyed to New York to rescue Giselle. Nathaniel has been given three poisoned apples to use on Giselle. For his first attempt, Nathaniel attempts to kill Giselle by disguising himself as a vendor and one of the poisoned fruits as a caramel apple. The plan fails when Giselle inadvertently throws the disguised apple in the air, lodging it in a cyclist\'s helmet. Nathaniel questions his servile relationship with Narissa after watching a television soap opera, but decides to fulfill the queen\'s order. At an Italian restaurant, Nathaniel serves Giselle a poisoned apple martini, but is stopped by Pip. Angered with her henchman\'s failures, Narissa comes to New York City. As Giselle and Robert spend more time together, Giselle discovers that the real world is much more complicated than she realized and that she has grown feelings toward Robert. Edward continues to look for Giselle, eventually finding her at Robert\'s apartment. While Edward is eager to take Giselle home and marry, she insists that they first go on a date, which she has learned is customary in the real world. They end their date at the King\'s and Queen\'s Costume Ball. After Nancy and Prince Edward pair off to dance, Giselle dances with Robert. Giselle realizes that Robert is her true love. Edward and Nancy seem to realize the attraction between Giselle and Robert, and also discover a mutual attraction between themselves. At the ball, Narissa manages to poison Giselle before being captured by Edward. Nathaniel reveals that one must kiss Giselle by midnight to break the poison apple\'s spell. After Edward\'s kiss fails to wake Giselle up, Robert kisses her. Giselle awakens and admits that she knew Robert was her one true love. Narissa uses the distracting moment to break free and transform into a dragon. When Robert protects Giselle, Narissa takes Robert hostage. Giselle follows Narissa the window and up to the top of the Woolworth Building. With Pip\'s help, Giselle and Robert are saved and Narissa falls to her death. Giselle and Robert share a passionate kiss on the roof. Giselle uses her magical dress-making talents to successfully run Nancy\'s old boutique shop, assisted by both humans and animals. Both Nathaniel and Pip become successful authors, writing self-help books based on their experiences. Robert, Giselle and Morgan live together, while Edward and Nancy marry in Andalasia. The end narration states, "...and so they all lived happily ever after."'] ["Set in the seedy parts of New York City, Killer Condom follows gay Detective Luigi Mackeroni , who has been hired to investigate a series of bizarre attacks at the Hotel Quickie in which male guests have all had their penises mysteriously bitten off. While at the crime scene, he enlists the services of a gigolo named Billy and invites him up to the crime room. Before the two men engage in sex, a carnivorous living condom interrupts them and bites off Mackeroni's right testicle. Now on a personal vendetta, Mackeroni begins his lone quest to not only bring a stop to the rash of condom attacks, but also face his true feelings toward Billy the gigolo."] [' Mary Henry  is riding in a car with two other young women when some men challenge them to a drag race. As they speed across a bridge, the women\'s car plunges over the side into the river. The police spend three hours dragging the murky, fast-running water without success. Then Mary miraculously surfaces. She cannot remember how she survived. Mary then drives to Utah, where she has been hired as a church organist. Odd things happen along the way. At one point, she can get nothing on her car radio but strange organ music. She passes a large, abandoned pavilion sitting all by itself on the shores of the Great Salt Lake. It seems to beckon to her in the twilight. Shortly thereafter, while speeding along a deserted stretch of road, a ghoulish, pasty-faced figure  replaces her reflection in the passenger window and stares at her. When The Man suddenly appears in front of her, she swerves off the road. She manages to get back on the road. At a gas station, the attendant tells her the pavilion was first a bathhouse, then a dance hall, and finally a carnival before shutting down.  In town, Mary rents a room from Mrs. Thomas; John Linden, the only other lodger, wants to become better acquainted with the blonde newcomer, but she is not interested. That night, she becomes upset when she sees The Man downstairs in the large house and retreats to her room. Mrs. Thomas, who kindly brings her some food, says she did not pass anyone. Soon, Mary begins experiencing terrifying interludes when she becomes invisible and inaudible to the rest of the world, as if she simply is not there. When The Man appears briefly in front of her in a park, she flees, right into the arms of Dr. Samuels. Samuels, though he acknowledges he is not a psychiatrist, tries to help her. Her new employer, the minister , is a bit put off when she declines his suggestion of a reception to meet the congregation. When she practices for the first time, she finds herself shifting from a hymn to eerie music. In a trance, she sees The Man and others of his ilk dancing. The minister, hearing the strange music, denounces it as "profane" and insists upon her resignation.  Terrified of being alone, Mary agrees to go out on a date with Linden. When they return home, he talks his way into her room, but when she sees The Man in the mirror, she becomes upset and tries to tell him what has been happening to her. He leaves, believing she is losing her mind. After talking with Samuels again, Mary believes she has to go to the pavilion. There, however, she finds no answers. Other ghouls join The Man. Mary tries frantically to escape, at one point boarding a bus to leave town, only to find that all the passengers are ghouls. Then she wakes up, showing that she dreamed this sequence at least. In the end, she is drawn back to the pavilion, where she finds her tormenters dancing. A pale version of herself is paired with The Man. When she runs away, they chase her out onto the beach. She collapses, and they close in. The minister, the doctor, and the police investigate afterward, but are baffled. Her bare footprints in the sand  end abruptly, but there is no trace of her. In the final scene, the car is finally located and pulled from the river. Mary\'s body is in the front seat.'] ["Celeste  is an alien sent on a secret mission to Earth; Steven Mills  is a widowed scientist who is working on experimental ways to send radio waves into deep space. An accident causes a loss of gravity on Celeste's home world. She's sent to investigate who could affect gravity and how it was done under the belief it was an attack. She's aided by an alien device resembling a tentacle with an eye, which hides in a designer purse to aid Celeste with her encounters on Earth. The Bag is able to create diamonds and designer dresses almost instantaneously. Celeste's inexperience leads to her almost exposing herself as alien, like trying to kiss for the first time or cooking. Jessie Mills , Steven's 13 year old daughter, notices Celeste's strange habits, like eating cigarette butts and flashlight batteries or pulling hard boiled eggs out of boiling hot water with her bare hands. However, she can't convince her smitten father that there is something unusual about Celeste. Celeste encounters a lot of new experiences such as sneezing, sexual intercourse and love. Eventually, Celeste falls in love with Steven and likes his daughter. She attempts to convince her home world that the attack was actually an accident and that Earth shouldn't be destroyed."] ['Novelist and college professor Larry Donner  struggles with writer\'s block due to his resentment towards his ex-wife Margaret , who stole his book and garnered mainstream success and critical acclaim with it. His subsequent obsession with Margaret\'s deception drives him half-mad and puts a severe strain on his relationship with his current lover, Beth Ryan , a fellow professor. Owen Lift  is a timid, middle-aged man who still lives with his overbearing, abusive mother . Owen fantasizes of killing his mother but can\'t summon the courage to bring his desires into fruition. As a student in Larry\'s community college writing class, Owen is given advice by Larry to view an Alfred Hitchcock film to gain some insight into plot development. He happens to see Strangers on a Train, in which two strangers conspire to commit a murder for each other, figuring their lack of connection to the victim will, in theory, establish a perfect alibi. Having overheard Larry\'s public rant that he wish his ex-wife dead, Owen forms a plan to kill Margaret, believing that Larry will, in return, kill his mother. He tracks Margaret down to Hawaii and follows her onto a cruise ship, apparently pushing her overboard while she tries to retrieve an earring that fell out. Owen returns from Hawaii to tell Larry of Margaret\'s death and that Larry now "owes" him the murder of his mother, lest he inform the police that Larry was the killer. After having spent the night drinking alone during the hours of Margaret\'s disappearance, Larry panics because he lacks a sufficient alibi. That, along with a news report announcing that the police suspect foul play, convinces Larry that he\'s the prime suspect. He decides to stay with Owen and his mother in an attempt to hide from the police. Larry meets Mrs. Lift, but despite her harsh treatment of him he refuses to kill her. Eventually, when Mrs. Lift drives Owen to breaking point, Larry finally relents and agrees to go through with the murder. The first attempt involves Larry smothering Mrs. Lift with a pillow while Owen is out bowling, but Larry backs down when he sees her eyes open, and narrowly avoids being seen by the police when they come by to question Owen about Larry\'s whereabouts. The second attempt involves Larry pushing Mrs. Lift down the basement staircase through the door which Owen earlier loosens, but it fails when Mrs. Lift bangs the door and it stays still. Larry tries the trap, but it is sprung and he is apparently killed, to Mrs. Lift\'s amusement. In retribution, Owen tries killing Mrs. Lift himself by blowing a trumpet in her ear to give her a heart attack. The noise wakes Larry up and they both inspect Mrs. Lift, but she suddenly wakes up and knocks Larry out in her delusion. Eventually, Larry flees the Lift home when Mrs. Lift recognizes him as a suspect from a news broadcast about his ex-wife\'s disappearance. He boards a train to Mexico and, surprisingly, Owen and Mrs. Lift come along so as to avoid having to lie for him. During the journey, Larry\'s patience with Mrs. Lift reaches its pinnacle when she impolitely gives him advice on writing. He follows her to the caboose with the intent of throwing her from the train, but Owen begins having second thoughts about having his mother killed and gives chase. In the ensuing fight, Mrs. Lift falls from the train but is rescued by Owen and a repentant Larry. Mrs. Lift is grateful at her son for saving her, but unappreciative of Larry\'s help and kicks him, resulting in him losing his balance, landing on the tracks, and breaking his leg. During his recovery in the hospital, Larry discovers that Margaret is still alive; she simply fell overboard by accident and was rescued by a Polynesian fisherman whom she has decided to marry. Much to his annoyance, Larry learns that Margaret plans to sell the rights of her ordeal for $1.5 million dollars. On the advice of a fellow patient, Larry chooses to free himself of his obsession with his ex-wife and instead focus on his own life, thereby freeing him of his writer\'s block, making him a happier man and mending his relationship with Beth. A year later, Larry has finished a novel based on his experiences with Owen and Mrs. Lift entitled Throw Momma from the Train. Owen visits and informs him that his mother has died  and that he\'s going to New York City for the release of his own book. Unfortunately for Larry, Owen reveals that his book is also about their experiences together. Thinking that his book has been scooped once again, an enraged Larry proceeds to strangle him, but stops when Owen shows him the that book is a children\'s pop-up book called, Momma, Owen, and Owen\'s Friend Larry with the story drastically altered to be suitable for children. Months later, Larry, Owen, and Beth holiday together in Hawaii, reflecting on the final chapter of Larry\'s book. Larry\'s and Owen\'s books have now become best-sellers, making them both successful writers as well as close friends.'] ['Pootie Tang , born in "a small city outside Gary, Indiana", is portrayed as a ladies\' man who is "too cool for words", even as a young child. His life is marked by the deaths of his mother "Momma Dee", and shortly thereafter his father "Daddy Tang" , who dies after being mauled by a gorilla during his shift at the steel mill . Just before Daddy Tang\'s death, Pootie inherits his father\'s belt and is told that  he can "whoop anyone\'s ass with just that belt." As a young adult, Pootie Tang rises to fame and becomes well known for a variety of reasons. He sings in night clubs, stars in public service announcements for children, produces top-of-the-charts music hits, and generally defeats wrongdoers with the power of his belt. Dick Lecter , the CEO of multi-industrial conglomerate LecterCorp, learns of Pootie Tang\'s positive influence on society — and his negative influence on LecterCorp\'s bottom line. After his henchmen and a vile villain named Dirty Dee  are sent away by Pootie\'s friends, Lecter encourages his right-hand lady, Ireenie , to seduce Pootie Tang into signing an agreement with LecterCorp that would stop Pootie Tang\'s influence on America\'s children. Pootie Tang falls for Ireenie\'s tricks and subsequently falls apart. His status as pop culture icon is destroyed, and he engages on a quest to "find [him]self". This journey is encouraged by Biggie Shortie , who promises to wait for Pootie to return to her and to the rest of society. Pootie moves to a farm where the local sheriff decides Pootie and his daughter should start dating. After his single corn stalk dies, he has a vision of Daddy Tang and Momma Dee. Daddy Tang reveals that there is nothing special about Pootie\'s belt; instead, Pootie must fight evil with the goodness that is inside him. After dealing with Dirty Dee and his henchman Froggy , Pootie realizes he must move back to the city and fight crime once again. Pootie Tang returns to the city just as Dick Lecter is unveiling the first of his new restaurant chain, Pootie\'s Bad Time Burgers. At a small news conference, Pootie confronts Lecter only to discover that Lecter has amassed dozens of "Pootie-alikes"  who will spread the message of LecterCorp around the nation. Pootie Tang, with the help of Biggie Shortie, defeats all of these henchmen and Lecter himself. Good triumphs over evil once again, and Biggie Shortie finally gets her man: she and Pootie Tang plan to get married now that Pootie is back. Elsewhere, Dick Lecter leaves corporate life and becomes an actor, Ireenie leaves him and becomes a counselor helping at-risk teenage prostitutes, and Dirty Dee is still dirty.'] ["Captain Crowther  has five of his crew replaced at short notice before a new cruise voyage begins. Not only does he get the five most incompetent crew men ever to sail the seven seas, but the passengers turn out to be a rather strange bunch too. The SS Happy Wanderer is the cruise ship and after this voyage, Crowther hopes to get a job as captain on a transatlantic ship, promising to take many of the crew members with him to the new ship. Starting off from the United Kingdom, the Happy Wanderer calls at unnamed ports in Spain, Italy and North Africa before going home again. Single ladies Gladys  and Flo  take the cruise, with Flo hoping to find a husband. Bridget  is her usual dotty and entertaining self, and one unnamed passenger ([[Ronnie Stevens  never disembarks but always goes straight to the bar to drink, to forget an unidentified woman. The crew and passengers settle in as the ship leaves port and head chef Wilfred Haynes  finds out he is seasick. Mario Fabrizi makes a quick appearance as one of the cooks under Haynes. Gladys and Flo fall for the PT instructor Mr Jenkins but nothing comes of it, especially when Flo turns out to be hopeless in the gym. Meanwhile, the new men try to impress Crowther but disaster follows disaster with him getting knocked out and covered in food at a party. Meanwhile, ship's doctor Dr. Binn  has fallen for Flo, but she wants nothing to do with him so he serenades her with a song after leaving Italy , which she does not hear as she is asleep. Gladys, who has heard the song, realises that Flo is in love with Binn and with the help of First Officer Marjoribanks  arranges a plot for Binn and Flo to get together. It works and the confident Binn finally confesses his feelings to a gobsmacked Flo, who returns his affections. Crowther lets the five newcomers know that they have improved since the cruise began, simply by doing their jobs and not by trying to impress him. They learn that the Captain has been in charge of the Happy Wanderer for ten years and decide to hold a surprise party for him, with the passengers. Haynes bakes him a many-flavoured cake and the barman cables the former barman for the recipe of the Captain's favourite drink, the Aberdeen Angus. The party goes well and Crowther gets his telegram telling him he has the captaincy of the new ship. He turns it down as he recognises it does not have the personal touch of a cruise ship, and prefers the company of his own crew."] ['Richard "Dicky" Pilager, the dim-witted scion of a powerful political dynasty, is running for Governor of Colorado. One day, while filming a campaign ad that shows him fishing, Dicky Pilager hooks a corpse on location. Chuck Raven, Pilager\'s Campaign Manager, hires Danny O\'Brien, a former journalist who works as a private investigator, to examine the case. Raven urges O\'Brien to find potential links between the body and Pilager\'s political enemies. O\'Brien\'s job is to essentially intimidate Pilager\'s opponents, and he has numerous revealing conversations with various people. He learns that business mogul Wes Benteen is using Pilager to promote his own agenda. The interviews also reveal further corruption where politicians, land developers, and mining companies have come to an agreement, whereby environmental issues have been completely ignored. He also learns about illegal migrant workers, as well as a potentially damaging love affair.'] ['The film begins as an autobiographical look at Shore\'s early professional successes on MTV and as the star of a series of 90s comedies. Shore\'s film career leads to his taking a starring role in a vehicle on the Fox network, in which he plays the slacker son of a millionaire. The pilot of the series turns out to be a commercial and critical failure, and Shore becomes a pariah virtually overnight, with his friends distancing themselves from him for fear that it will tarnish their own careers. Shore is ultimately reduced to living in his mother\'s attic and watching pornography starring his ex-girlfriend, who will no longer see him. One night, Shore is visited by the ghost of his mentor, comic Sam Kinison, who encourages Shore to fake his own death as a means of revitalizing popularity in Pauly Shore films and merchandise. Shore decides to go through with the plan, which initially works: Once word of his "death" breaks, celebrities eager for the residual publicity begin appearing on television in large numbers to declare Shore a comic genius and lament his early death. Shore, eager to bask in the publicity, begins appearing in public wearing a disguise; he is quickly outed, arrested, and sent to prison. In prison, Shore is attacked by one of his former fans, "Bucky from Kentucky," a redneck whose world view was shattered when he learned that Shore had willingly put his own fans through the ordeal of thinking he was dead. Shore survives the attack, which causes him to realize that even though he was no longer as famous as he once was, he still had fans who loved him. Shore and Bucky have a heart-to-heart about the nature of celebrity, and Shore decides to start his career over. After getting out of prison, Shore sets about making Pauly Shore is Dead to chronicle his own rise and fall, using information he has gathered from years in Hollywood to blackmail various b-list celebrities into appearing in cameos; he reserves the information he has on a-list celebrities for the planned sequel.'] ["Ramira  works in Laura's house  as maid and nanny of her kids: Simeón and Ofendia . Unfortunately, Ramira kills the child because he saw the sun despite suffering from photodermatitis. The woman tries to hide and lies to the mother about the death of her son."] ['Albert Einstein, the son of an apple farmer in Tasmania in the early 1900s, splits a beer atom with a chisel in order to add bubbles to beer, discovers the theory of relativity and travels to Sydney to patent it. While there, he invents the electric guitar and surfing while romancing Marie Curie. He invents rock and roll and uses it to save the world from being destroyed due to misuse of a nuclear reactor under the watchful eye of Charles Darwin.'] ['Captain S Melly  is put in charge of an experimental mixed-battery during the darkest days of the Second World War. It\'s a relief for Captain Bull ([[David Lodge  to greet his relief but Melly isn\'t prepared for the ball-squeezing Sergeant Major "Tiger" Bloomer  and the randy antics of Bombadier Ready ([[Jack Douglas , Sergeant Tilly Willing  and Sergeant Len Able . Forever feigning illness or hiding in their underground "snoggery", the troops are happily getting to grips with each other rather than the enemy. Most prominent of the females is Private Alice Easy  who tries to charm her new commanding officer but only succeeds in propelling her top button into his system! Private Jennifer Ffoukes-Sharp  pines for "Tiger" while everybody - including little Gunner Shorthouse  - gets a piece of the action. Even after a tip-off to the medical officer, Major Butcher  segregation and rigorous training, the unit is still a shower. However, an inspection by the cowardly Brigadier ([[Peter Jones  and Major Carstairs  is interrupted by an airborne attack and Melly\'s troop prove they are real British bulldogs.'] ['Hey, Stop Stabbing Me! is the story of Herman Schumacher ([[Patrick Casey  and his new post-collegiate life. After school ends Herman finds life a lot harder than he thought. He needs to find a place to live, a job, and new friends. The first two are solved surprisingly easy when he unknowingly moves into a house with a serial killer to fill one of the many vacancies and then gets a job as a "World Historian" which mainly consists of digging holes in an empty field. Throw in crazy roommates and a sock stealing monster for good measure and wackiness ensues.'] ['A being from another planet  arrives on Earth and takes human form. In voiceover, Jack Bell  explains how his ideas came to bring the "triple M" into power and reduce human beings to mere consumers, pawns of the corporation. The innovative idea Jack contributes to Triple M is that, since sexually active people are the most active consumers, people will record each of their sexual encounters as an economic transaction. This will increase their desirability rating, their value as sexual commodities, and therefore also their credit rating. Because of its direct relation to one\'s credit rating and buying power, insurance policies covering a person\'s sexual desirability are available. Jack tries to hook up with Cecile  but fails, leading the insurance company to investigate why this happened. The insurance agent decides it\'s not Cecile\'s fault and her premium remains the same, while Jack\'s is raised. By chance Cecile meets up with a teenager in the counter-revolution, who takes her to a place where people have sex because it feels good. Cecile is arrested and sentenced to "two years hard labor... teaching high school." At the high school, Cecile reads Thoreau\'s book Walden and is inspired to join the counter-revolution. Meanwhile, Jack finds the girl from the planet Monday  and teaches her how to fit into human society. But the girl, who refers to herself as \'nobody\', just wants to go home. Jack, it turns out, is also from that planet, and has tried and failed to go home. They go to the ocean, where the girl walks into the ocean. Jack says he doesn\'t know if she made it or not.'] ['Jimmy Alto  is a failing actor living in Los Angeles. After increasing frustration with his career going nowhere and with crime in the city, Jimmy, along with his "spaced-out" best friend William , decides to take the law into his own hands. When he isn\'t working as a waiter, Jimmy transforms himself into "Jericho," leader of a mock-vigilante group that videotapes criminals and then turns them over to the police. Jimmy enjoys the free publicity, anonymously, but eventually the police begin to close in on him, resulting in a tense standoff at the Grauman\'s Egyptian Theatre.'] ['At the World Winter Sport Games, rival men\'s singles skaters Chazz Michael Michaels , a skillful skater but raunchy sex addict, and Jimmy MacElroy , an equally talented but sheltered and effeminate skater, tie for gold. An argument ensues, which develops into a fight on the awards podium, ending with the World Games mascot being set on fire. As a result they are stripped of their medals and banned for life from men\'s singles competition. Jimmy\'s competitive adoptive father, billionaire Darren MacElroy , immediately disowns him and leaves him stranded on the side of the road. Three and a half years later, Jimmy is working at a winter sporting goods store and gets demoted to sorting stock after he refuses to listen to a child when she tells him her skating boot has been tied too tightly. Chazz has gained a lot of weight and is fired from a children’s skating show for being in a drunken stupor on stage. Jimmy\'s obsessive stalker, Hector , tells him of a loophole in the ban allowing him to compete in pair skating. In hopes of entering the upcoming World Winter Sport Games, Jimmy contacts his old coach, Robert , but is unable to find a partner. Jimmy\'s search for a last-minute partner leads him to Chazz, and Robert convinces the two to skate as the first-ever same-sex pairs team, because the regulations fail to state the genders of the pairs. The reigning U.S. national pairs champions, brother and sister Stranz  and Fairchild  van Waldenberg, see the new pair as a threat and conspire against them. The pair convince their sister Katie , whom they often take advantage of by reminding her that their parents died taking Katie to skating practice, to spy on the duo. In the process, Katie becomes acquainted with Jimmy and they develop a relationship. Although Chazz and Jimmy are initially disgusted by each other, they eventually develop a friendship. They compete at the United States Figure Skating Championships and earn a chance to compete at the World Winter Sport Games. Chazz and Jimmy’s coach, Robert, informs them that to win, they will need to perform a technique that has never been performed successfully: The "Iron Lotus", an extremely complicated maneuver that Robert developed years ago. However, it is also dangerous: the only attempt of the maneuver was “behind the bamboo curtain” in North Korea, and resulted in the man decapitating the woman with his skate blade. Nonetheless, they decide to attempt it as Robert is convinced that two males would be better suited for the move because of the physics of a same-sex team . Fairchild commands Katie to disrupt the duo by having sex with Chazz, threatening to harm Jimmy if Katie does not comply. Katie invites Chazz to her room, and tries to seduce him. Chazz refuses, delighting Katie, but cannot resist grabbing her breasts. Jimmy witnesses this and is outraged at Chazz\'s and Katie\'s betrayals. The next day, Chazz and Jimmy are both kidnapped and restrained by Stranz and Fairchild, respectively. Katie gets tired of her siblings and accepts that their parents were not properly safe while driving. While handcuffing Jimmy in a bathroom, Fairchild reveals that she and Stranz commanded Katie to have sex with Chazz yet she could not go through with it, due to her love for Jimmy. Chazz escapes but is pursued by Stranz through Montreal on ice and then through streets and stores. He tries to shoot Chazz with a crossbow, but accidentally hits the Winter Sport Games Mascot, Snowflake“Snowflake” bears a striking resemblance to Quebec′s Bonhomme Carnaval—although Snowflake sports a spherical head. Jimmy also escapes when a kid in the bathroom knocked down the bin which contains the key for the handcuff, though he had to use his tongue to drag the dirty toilet paper, as the key was on it. Stranz and Fairchild perform their routine, a dramatization of the "Forbidden Romance" of John F. Kennedy and Marilyn Monroe. Both Chazz and Jimmy arrive in the ice rink just in time to compete. Chazz and Jimmy reconcile quickly and begin their routine, which has a science fiction theme. Fairchild, seeing the two doing well, throws pearls onto the ice. Chazz trips over a pearl and breaks his ankle, which renders him unable to perform his role in the Iron Lotus. Jimmy then offers to switch places with him. Although they have never practiced the other\'s roles, they perform it perfectly, with Jimmy\'s blade only cutting a small strand of Chazz\'s facial hair. Jimmy and Chazz win the competition, Jimmy reconciles with Katie, and Stranz and Fairchild are arrested due to the kidnappings and Snowflake‘s shooting. Stranz and Fairchild begin arguing, then inexplicably kiss each other incestuously. Jimmy and Chazz receive the gold medal and fly off into the sky through rockets on their skates. While the credits roll, Hector is seen playing with dolls of himself, Jimmy and Chazz.'] ["The journalist Ted York  is rushed to Haven Hospital with appendicitis. The ambulance gets there at top speed, but only because the driver wants to know the result of a horse race. Ted is given a bed and is instantly smitten with Nurse Denton . The other nurses are incessantly having to respond to the calls of the Colonel , who has a private room. He is an inveterate gambler and is having his bets placed by Mick , the orderly. That evening, the boxer Bernie Bishop  is admitted after hurting his hand at the end of a bout. The next day, the Sister  galvanises the nurses, orderly and patients for the inspection by Matron  . As usual, she is let down by Nurse Dawson , a clumsy probationer. Matron checks on the progress of the patients, and speaks to Mr Hinton ([[Charles Hawtrey , who is forever listening to the radio with his headphones. Mick and the Colonel bet on how long the Matron will take on her rounds. Ted is visited by his editor and agrees to write a series of articles on his hospital experiences. He realises that Nurse Denton is in love with a doctor, but that her interest is not returned. Bernie is told that he will not be able to box for several months at least. Nurse Dawson is sent to ring the bell to signal the end of visiting hours, but she calls for the fire brigade by mistake. The bookish intellectual Oliver Reckitt  is visited by Jill , the sister of his friend Harry. They clearly like each other, but are too shy to admit it. Bernie urges Oliver to admit how he really feels about her. Bernie's manager Ginger  comes to visit him and tells him that he must try to be more of a showman and not simply go for broke with every match. Nurse Dawson comes in early to sterilise some rubber catheters, but is interrupted by the demanding Colonel. The catheters are put in a kidney dish to boil on the stove. Oliver is furious when the ward has to be cleared and tidied up for Matron's rounds as it upsets his schedule for no obvious purpose. When she arrives everyone begins to smell the forgotten catheters, which by now are burning on the stove. When Matron stops to speak to Oliver, he complains about the disruptive effects that her visits have on the patients. Matron is furious and has the Sister make all the beds again. Jack Bell  arrives to have a bunion removed and is placed on the ward. Jill comes to see Oliver and they admit that they care for each other. She gives him a bar of nougat as a gift, but later that evening it makes him sick. Mr Able complains that he can't sleep as he has been missing his wife. He is put on medication, but it makes him wildly excited and he runs amok in the hospital. Eventually Bernie subdues him with a left hook to the jaw. Bell's operation is delayed, which upsets him greatly as he is planning a romantic weekend. He offers the men in the ward the champagne he was going to drink with his girlfriend. They all get drunk and decide to remove the bunion themselves. The night nurse is tied up and Hinton pretends to be her while the others go to the operating theatre. Jack starts to panic as Oliver prepares to operate, but soon they are all giggling as the laughing gas has been left on. The nurse arrives before any real damage is done. The colonel plays a trick on Nurse Dawson and pins a piece of paper with a large red 'L' on her back. Ted learns that Nurse Denton is applying for a job in America and tries to dissuade her. Jack catches a cold and is told that his operation will have to postponed yet again. Oliver is discharged and leaves with Jill. Bernie is met by his young son and they leave together. Ted is also discharged and makes a date with Nurse Denton. Nurse Dawson and Nurse Axwell decide to get even with the Colonel and replace a rectal thermometer with a daffodil."] ['Cynical ad executive B. D. Tucker  is desperate not to lose the account of the financially ailing Norbecker Brewery. When three losers  inadvertently prevent a robbery in a bar, Tucker and her minions give them a macho image and center an entire ad campaign around them.'] ["The plot revolves around the contestants and people involved with California's Young American Miss Pageant held in Santa Rosa, California. Barbara Feldon starred as Brenda DiCarlo , with Nicholas Pryor as Andy DiCarlo , Bruce Dern as Big Bob Freelander , Geoffrey Lewis as Wilson Shears , and as the contestants, Joan Prather as Robin Gibson, Annette O'Toole as Doria Hudson, Melanie Griffith as Karen Love, and a small role played by Michael Ritchie's sister, Elsie Ritchie. Choreographer Michael Kidd starred as Tommy French, the pageant's stage director. The movie was filmed on location in and around Santa Rosa, with the pageant held at Veteran's Memorial Auditorium."] ['After 40 years of undistinguished practice Wilfred Morgenhall , a cynical and unsuccessful barrister, is overjoyed to be assigned a dock brief: the defence of an accused murderer. His client Herbert Fowle , is a meek man who wants to plead guilty to murdering his wife. Through a series of courtroom scenes and flashbacks the lead-up to the crime unfolds, involving Fowle taking in a lodger ([[David Lodge , who takes a more-than-passing interest in Mrs. Fowle . Morgenhall, given an opportunity to shine for the first time in his life, insists on pleading his client "not guilty." But the case does not go as planned: Morgenhall botches the pleadings and Fowle is found guilty. As Morgenhall drowns his sorrows in a pub, he learns that the Home Office has overruled the verdict: Fowle has been declared not guilty on the grounds that his defence was inadequate. The film was released in the USA under the title "Trial and Error."'] ['Slim  and Tubby  are American cops in London studying police tactics on the London Police Force. A newspaper reporter, Bruce Adams ([[Craig Stevens , gets into an altercation at Hyde Park that was instigated by belligerent men who do not believe in women\'s rights. Vicky Edwards , a suffragette gets caught up in the fray due to the fact that she was the leader of the rally gets arrested. Bruce, Vicky, Slim and Tubby all wind up in jail, where Slim and Tubby are kicked off the police force sfterwards. Dr. Henry Jekyll , Vicky\'s guardian, bails them out. Dr. Jekyll has been conducting home experiments in which he injects a potion and transforms into Mr. Hyde, a monster who murders a fellow doctor when he scoffed at Jekyll\'s experiments. Jekyll has more thoughts of murder when he notices that Vicky and Bruce are mutually attracted. Tubby and Slim decide that in order to get back on the police force they must capture Mr. Hyde. Tubby insists they catch a burglar instead and they chase Mr. Hyde into a music hall, believing him to be a burglar.They begin to chase him with Bruce at their side. Tubby traps Hyde in a wax museum, but by the time he brings the Inspector ([[Reginald Denny  and Slim to the scene, the monster has already reverted back to Dr. Jekyll. The "good" doctor then asks Slim and Tubby to escort him to his home, where Tubby drinks a potion that transforms him into a large mouse. Slim and Tubby bring news of Jekyll\'s activities to the Inspector, who refuses to believe them. Vicky announces her engagement to Bruce and Mr. Hyde reemerges, this time with intent to murder Vicky. Bruce saves her, but Hyde escapes. Tubby accidentally falls onto a serum-filled syringe, transforming Tubby into a Hyde-like monster as well. Bruce chases after Hyde, while Slim pursues Tubby, each believing still that there is only a single monster. Bruce ends up back at Jekyll\'s home, where Hyde falls from an upstairs window to his death, revealing to everyone his true identity when he reverts to normal form. Slim then brings Tubby  to the Inspector. Before reverting to human form, Tubby bites the Inspector and four officers, transforming them into monsters who begin to chase Slim and Tubby.'] ['Virgil Starkwell  enters a life of crime at a young age. The "plot" traces his crime spree, his first prison term and eventual escape, the birth and growth of his family, as well as his eventual capture at the hands of the FBI. His multiple crimes include stealing paines of glass from Jewerly stores, Robbing pet stores, and carving bars of soap into guns to escape from jail. He also robs a man who turns out to be his former friend who reveals he is now a cop, and the movie ends with Woody admitting he got 700 years in prison, but " with good behavior, can get that cut in half" Starkwell grew up in New Jersey, and played the cello  in his towns marching band.'] ['When private detective Jack Chandler  tries to track down a teenage runaway , he runs into a cult of Egyptian chainsaw-worshipping prostitutes led by "The Master" .'] ['When attempts to break into the pop business leaves him with nothing but a bloody nose songwriter Jason Jones  decides to take a break with "Hairy Holidays", an outfit run by shifty, gay travel agent Pollock . After failing to chat Jason up, Pollock sends him to pseudo-health farm- Brittlehurst Manor. On the train journey there Jason meets Judy  who is also on the way to the same destination to meet her long lost Aunt. Both are unaware that the health farm  is a front for Dr Storm  and his lobotomy experiments that turn wayward hippies into his mindless zombie slaves. The wheelchair bound Doctor surrounds himself with an entourage that including Judy\'s aunt, and erstwhile brothel madam, Olga , dwarf Frederick  and numerous zombie bikers thugs. Dr Storm also has a Rolls Royce fitted with a giant blade that decapitates escapees and interfering parties. Abraham  arrives at the Horror Hospital "looking for his chick" and is promptly whacked around the head by the motorcycle zombies. Frederick, fed up at literally being Storm\'s whipping boy helps the kids escape- paving the way for Seventies youth to put the final spanner in the works of Storm\'s scheme.'] ['The Specials tells the story of a day in the life of a ragtag group of misfit superheroes. The Specials are decent as far as superhero teams go, but they never rise in either popularity or prestige because of their "indie" status. Unlike other super teams, the heroes are not corporation-friendly and have since struck out in creating a merchandising deal. Without the corporate or private financial resources of more well established teams, the Specials often get underrated villains, small disasters, and the occasional alien invasion to repel--all of which are deemed too low-priority for their peers. Even the members with decent powers have shortcomings that have thus prevented a transition for the team as a whole. The Strobe, Ms. Indestructible, The Weevil, Deadly Girl, Power Chick, Amok, Alien Orphan, and Eight all have decent, useful powers by all accounts, but since they all possess various social dysfunctions, they\'ve never quite broken through the superhero glass ceiling. The day begins with the welcoming of Nightbird , the group\'s newest member – a teenage girl with "bird powers." Nightbird – who idolizes The Specials – soon realizes that her heroes do not function as a harmonious team. Like their reputation as a group of misfits, they act like a dysfunctional family at times. One of the two greatest points of stress in the team is the slowly fracturing relationship between the Strobe and Ms. Indestructible, who are both the core of the team and a married couple. The second is the Weevil, who is trying to negotiate an exit into a more high-profile superhero team playing both on his own popularity and his legacy status from following in his father\'s footsteps. The cracks begin to show as they prepare to attend a dinner in their honor thrown by Kosgrov Toys, who are releasing a line of action figures based upon the group. The event is a travesty. It becomes quickly apparent that Kosgrov did little research on the Specials, and low-balled the production by utilizing cheap accessories and recycled parts. Worse yet, the leader of the Specials, The Strobe , discovers that his wife, Ms. Indestructible , is cheating on him with the most popular member of the group, The Weevil . In a fit of anger, the Strobe disbands the group, and the members go their own ways. The Strobe goes to Zip Boy\'s  house and asks for a job at New Standard\'s Inc, a plastics company in Detroit, denying there\'s a problem by saying that he\'s great, now that he has "a great new job as a welding asshole." Ms. Indestructible spends the night watching her old wedding video and crying over a glass of wine. The Strobe\'s brother, Minute Man ([[James Gunn , who had had a crush on the new girl, Nightbird, ultimately falls into the arms of Deadly Girl , who was hurt to learn about Weevil and Ms. Indestructible. Meanwhile, Amok , Power Chick , Alien Orphan , and Mr. Smart  indulge in a night of drinking and dancing. During the disbandment, the Weevil finalizes his transfer to another superhero team, only to find that his negative press from the Specials still follows him. Reporters focus more on his controversy than his ability to apprehend villains, and the Weevil generally finds that he has gone from being the top dog in a small team to the team runt in the larger one. The Strobe and Ms. Indestructible do manage to reconcile, and the Strobe renews his passion for justice instead of image. When the team comes back together, they are immediately called back into action and resolve to do what they\'ve always done: the right thing. Not because it will bring them popularity or glory, but because as misfits, they\'ve become the champions of the underdogs, the forgotten, and the outcasts of society. In the superhero community, the Specials have no one to turn to but each other, and when the downtrodden of the world need help from superheroes, they turn to the Specials. Resolving that while there may be no glory in it, there is nobility, the team exits to face down another crisis.'] ['From his prison cell, Alan Musgrave dictates his experiences of the previous year, which he dedicated to fulfilling the unending wishes and ambitions of high school senior Barbara Ann Greene. The daughter of Marie, a cocktail waitress sinking unhappily into her forties, Barbara wants every kind of success and for everyone to love her. Signing a pact with Alan in wet cement, Barbara soon has the 12 cashmere sweaters needed to join an exclusive girls\' club. She drops out of school to become the principal\'s new secretary and gets involved in church activities run by strait-laced but hyper-hormonal Bob Bernard. When Barbara Ann decides she wants Bob for her husband, Alan facilitates by keeping Bob\'s eccentric mother Stella, who disapproves of Barbara Ann, perpetually plastered. Then Barbara meets schlock producer T. Harrison Belmont, the King of Beach Party movies, and decides to become the biggest star that ever was. Bob refuses, however, to allow his wife to have a Hollywood screen test, so Barbara Ann decides she wants a divorce. Since Bob\'s mother frowns upon divorce, Alan takes matters into his own hands to kill Bob. Although Bob proves to be almost indestructible, by graduation time Alan has him in a wheelchair. At the graduation ceremony, Alan pursues Bob with a tractor, humorously killing him and everyone else on the speakers platform. Barbara Ann goes on to Hollywood fame in her debut film "Bikini Widow", while Alan is sent to prison.{{fact}}'] ['The story describes the efforts of Brian Stimpson , the headmaster of Thomas Tompion Comprehensive School, to travel to an annual Headmasters\' Conference. Having been habitually late and disorganised as a young man, Stimpson has grown up to become fastidiously punctual, and his school runs "like clockwork". He is the first headmaster of a comprehensive school to be elected to chair a Headmaster\'s Conference, that honour usually being reserved for headmasters of the more prestigious private schools. After preparing and rehearsing his speech, he boards the wrong train on his way to the conference, loses the text of the speech, and suffers a series of setbacks as he tries to reach the conference.'] ['Quick Gun Murugun is an unlikely superhero (played by Telugu star Dr. [[Rajendra Prasad  a South Indian Tamil cowboy whose duty is to protect the world against arch villain restaurant owner, Rice Plate Reddy , who wants to create the ultimate non-vegetarian dosa! The movie revolves around adventures of Quick Gun Murugun along with his love to-be Mango Dolly (played by [[Rambha  and Locket Lover . Murugan is a typical vegetarian cowboy who made himself into Quick Gun Murugan. The cowboy has to do something good for the world so he believes that vegetarianism is the need of the hour. Quick Gun Murugun enters into a battle that spans time and space, from a small south Indian village to Heaven and then finally to cosmopolitan Mumbai across 25 years. He is torn between Mango Dolly who loves him secretly and his first love Locket Lover and his loyalty is put to the test. Mango Dolly gets hit by a bullet and while dying, she expresses her love to Murugun. Realising that he too loves Mango Dolly, he tells her that he loves her and she can "stay with him". Finally, Quick Gun Murugun is able to succeed in his mission by defeating Rice Plate Reddy.'] ['Frank Drebin  is honored at the White House, where President George H. W. Bush  announces that he will base his recommendation for the country\'s energy program on Dr. Albert Meinheimer\'s  advice at the National Press Club dinner the following week. The heads of the coal and oil  and nuclear industries are apparently distressed by this fact. Jane Spencer , now working for Dr. Meinheimer, is working late at his research institute, crying about Frank. She spots a man in a red van. A maintenance worker, emptying out garbage cans, discovers a clock with dynamite attached and takes it to the security guards, accidentally triggering it. The next morning, Frank reacquaints himself with Jane as he interviews her about the explosion. He is shown around the institute and meets Jane\'s boyfriend, Hexagon Oil executive Quentin Hapsburg , of whom he becomes exceedingly jealous. Frank\'s boss Ed Hocken ([[George Kennedy  finds him at a lonely blues bar. Meanwhile, at a meeting of the "energy" industry leaders, Hapsburg reveals that he has kidnapped Dr. Meinheimer and found an exact double for him, Earl Hacker, who will give their recommendation to the President endorsing fossil and nuclear fuels. Police Squad determines the driver of the van, Hector Savage, to be connected to a sex toy shop. Frank spots the red van, assigning Nordberg the task of bugging it. Savage holes up in a home surrounded by police. Frank commandeers a tank, which he drives into the house, allowing Savage to escape. Drebin arrives at a party. After a disastrous attempt to "wheel" the Meinheimer double to the stage for a raffle drawing, Frank goes to Jane\'s apartment. Savage arrives with orders to kill Jane. He comes across Jane in the shower and she screams, alerting Frank to his presence. Frank sticks a fire hose in Savage\'s mouth and turns on the water, which continues to run until Savage apparently bursts his body from all the water pressure. Frank follows the trail to the dock of Hapsburg\'s oil company. Jane realizes Hapsburg\'s plan and asks Frank to stop him. They rediscover their love for each other. Hapsburg and the energy representatives meet in a warehouse. Frank falls through the roof while being chased by a guard dog. They tie up Frank with the real Dr. Meinheimer. Police Squad frees them. They go to the hotel where Dr. Meinheimer is to make his recommendation to the President. Frank, Nordberg, Ed and the real Meinheimer get into the building by appropriating a costume and instruments from a Mariachi band due to perform at the hotel. Drebin encounters Hacker, who attacks him. Football players from the Chicago Bears appear and, believing Frank to be attacking a defenseless man, proceed to wheel away Hacker while attacking Frank. Ed and Meinheimer arrive to disable Hacker, who is arrested. During the confusion, Drebin mistakes Meinheimer for the fake, permitting Hapsburg to escape with Jane. Hapsburg plans to set off a small nuclear device which will kill everyone, so it will not matter what Meinheimer says in his speech. Frank disarms him and Ed throws Hapsburg out from the window. Hapsburg manages to survive the fall thanks to an awning, only to be attacked by a lion. Frank frees Jane and they attempt to disarm the bomb while Ed and Nordberg evacuate the hotel. After several failed attempts, Frank finally manages to disarm the bomb at the last second by tripping over the power cord, unplugging it. Drebin is commended by the President, who offers him a special post as head of the Federal Bureau of Police Squad. He declines, instead asking Jane to marry him, which she accepts. They go out to a balcony, where they accept commendations from the crowd. Frank spins around and accidentally knocking Barbara Bush  off the balcony. She manages to hold on, although in an attempt to help her, Frank pulls off her dress.'] ['Ned Ravine, who\'s both a police officer and a lawyer , believes that he knows everything about women, and says that he\'ll throw away his badge if anyone ever proves him wrong. While on a stakeout, he encounters a seductive woman named Lola Cain; the next day, Lola shows up at his law office, saying that she needs him to look over some papers she\'s come across. Meanwhile, Max Shady, who was just released from prison after seven years, starts stalking Ned, planning to kill him for failing to successfully defend Max in court. Ned\'s wife Lana and her auto mechanic Frank, with whom she\'s having an affair, start plotting to kill Ned in order to collect on his accident insurance, which has a triple indemnity rider; if Ned is shot, falls from a northbound train, and drowns in a freshwater stream, Lana will collect nine million dollars. Lola gets Ned to come to her house to examine the "papers", which are actually a laundry receipt and an expired lottery ticket, and the two of them end up having sex in various wild ways . The next morning, Ned says that they can never do that again because he loves his wife; this drives Lola to start stalking Ned. A few days later, Ned takes the train to go to a legal symposium; Lana and Frank are also on the train, and so is Max. When the train passes over a lake, Lana shoots Max 36 times with a revolver, mistaking him for Ned, and he backflips through the door to his death; Ned thinks that Lana had acted to save his life. He arrests Lana, and then defends her in court, getting her cleared of all charges. Lana later kills Frank, believing that he was going to abandon her, by pinning him against a wall with his power drill; Lola witnesses this, and starts blackmailing Lana. Ned confronts Lola, and learns that she and Lana were once identical twin sisters; after Lana had smashed Lola\'s face with a shovel, the doctors had given her a whole new face, causing the man she loved to leave her for Lana ; Frank was the man\'s son. Lola\'s plan from the beginning was to get revenge on Lana by seducing her husband and ruining her marriage. Later, Ned\'s secretary Laura Lincolnberry tells Ned about Lana\'s plans to kill him, having figured it out herself. Upstairs, Lana is attacked by Lola, who drowns her in the bathtub. While Ned goes upstairs to investigate, Laura\'s abusive husband  comes in and confronts her; she kills him with a frying pan. Lola and Ned fight, and Lola falls to her death from the second-floor landing after Ned pushes her back with a powered-up hair dryer through a broken handrail . As Ned and Laura embrace each other , Lola and Lana come back to life and attack; Laura shoots them both. Ned and Laura marry a few days later.'] ['The film is a reversal of the Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde story, about a malformed doctor who drinks a potion and becomes a handsome  ladies man.'] ["The film revolves around three characters who work in television news. Jane Craig  is a talented producer who tries to conceal how important it is for her to be found sexually attractive by a handsome man who epitomizes everything about television news that appalls her. Jane's best friend and frequent collaborator, Aaron Altman , is a gifted writer and reporter ambitious for on-camera exposure, who is secretly in love with Jane, and embittered by her rejection of him. Tom Grunick , a local news anchorman who was up until recently a sports anchorman, is likable and telegenic, but denied respect due to his intellectual limitations, of which he is all too aware. He is attracted to Jane, although he is also intimidated by her skills and intensity."] ['The film takes place in a future where water is an immensely valuable substance, both as a commodity and as a currency. Princess Karina is a spoiled princess who purchases captured space pirates Jason and Roscoe. They then proceed to locate a "lost" planet that contains massive amounts of water. The planet must be approached on a specific course or the ship will be suspended in time forever. The course apparently contains some sort of real or illusory time distortion .'] ['Los Angeles TV horror hostess Elvira, Mistress of the Dark  quits her job after an outburst involving sexual harassment with the station\'s new owner. She discovers she has been included in the will of her late great-aunt Morgana. Which entitles her to all of Morgana\'s worldly possessions, a mansion in Fallwell, Massachusetts, a Bichon Frise who doesn\'t really seem to be what it appears, and a book of what she considers cooking recipes. Despite her brazen and seductive exterior, she is determined to start a life in this conservative town and even striking up a friendship with Bob Redding ([[Daniel Greene , the local theater operator, and her "assets" and good nature also attract the attention of many of the town\'s teenagers, much to the chagrin of their closed-minded parents who see her as a bad influence. Bob\'s infatuation with Elvira also infuriates his love interest Patty who, with the help of several members of the school board and PTA sabotage Elvira\'s good name and her attempts to open a late night film fest using Bob\'s theater, the last straw breaking when in a Flashdance scene, she is covered in tar instead of a bucket of water and feathered by Patty, humiliating her. All the while, Elvira\'s uncle Vincent Talbot  appears harmless, but he is in fact a warlock bent on finding Morgana\'s secret "recipes" and using them to take over the world, and he is largely responsible for the suspicion of the town adults and their hatred toward Elvira. Elvira tries to console herself and impress Bob by cooking dinner using one of Morgana\'s recipes, and despite the oddity of the ingredients she succeeds, only to have herself and Bob attacked by a creature created from the mixture. Elvira discovers that the recipe book is actually a spellbook and plots to use the same creatures at the PTA picnic that weekend. The plan doesn\'t go accordingly, however instead of being attacked by monsters, the adults lose their inhibitions and are suddenly tearing each other\'s clothes off in promiscuity at the park, eventually being arrested for indecent exposure. Patty and Chastity, the head of the PTA, use this as a catalyst to accuse Elvira of witchcraft and the townsfolk decide to set an example and arrest her. The fear and hatred escalates, and despite the teenagers rallying to help her, they end up breaking into the wrong cell and become trapped. Elvira is taken to be burned at the stake and her dog transforms into a mouse and escapes to the mansion and obtains her great aunt\'s ring who brings it to Elvira. Elvira casts a spell to make it rain and put out the fire that\'s about to burn her and with Bob\'s help she manages to escape. Discovering that Vincent is behind this, she tries to face him, but loses her ring and runs to retrieve her spell book from the house to combat him. Vincent gives chase and when they arrive, their combat lights the house on fire. In the fray, Vincent loses Morgana\'s ring and Elvira uses it on him, expelling him to the underworld. She and Bob manage to escape the house before it is completely engulfed in flames. The next morning, Elvira, whose house was salvageable, and all of her aunt\'s possessions and magical objects were destroyed is ready to leave town. She is approached by Chastity who apologizes for their behavior and a shamed Patty who was embarrassed by Elvira the night before, as well as all the teenagers who, with Bob try to convince Elvira to stay. As she has nowhere to stay, she opts to leave town, but not before kissing Bob, hinting at a blooming relationship. The scene follows Elvira\'s experiences as portrayed in a suave and sexy song and dance number on a Las Vegas stage, now officially labeling her as "Mistress of the Dark"'] ['Darren Roanoke, the star player of the Toronto Maple Leafs, is suffering from stress because his wife, Prudence, has left him for Jacques "Le Coq" Grandé, who is the goaltender of rival team Los Angeles Kings, his nickname apparently a nod to being exceedingly well-endowed. Roanoke\'s stress causes his hand to shake, which affects his hockey performance, so team owner Jane Bullard enlists the support of guru Maurice Pitka to help Darren with his stress so that the team can hopefully break their losing streak.'] ['A take-off on "Some Like it Hot" -- the film follows two men who witness a murder, dress up like women to escape, and wind up hiding in the house of a drug dealer.'] ['Father Jedediah Mayii  casts out the Devil from the body of young Nancy Aglet . Seventeen years later, in 1990, Nancy\'s body is possessed once again, however, while watching "The Ernest and Fanny Miracle Hour", a religious broadcast. After a visit to the hospital, and a visit from Father Luke Brophy , Brophy concludes that Nancy is indeed possessed. Mayii, however, refuses to perform the exorcism, claiming he is too weak, and that both he and Nancy barely survived her previous exorcism. Brophy then visits the Supreme Council for Exorcism Granting. Ernest and Fanny of "The Ernest and Fanny Miracle Hour" are also present. Ernest concludes that an exorcism is warranted, and convinces the Council to televise Nancy\'s exorcism. They agree, believing it will convert millions, so Ernest presents "Ernest and Fanny\'s Exorcism Tonight" to the network. Feeling he may be needed, Mayii visits "Bods-R-Us", a gymnasium, to restore his physical strength. There, Brophy approaches him, informs him of the televised exorcism, and attempts once more to convince Mayii to conduct the exorcism, though he refuses again. The night of Nancy\'s exorcism arrives, presented by Ernest and Fanny. After a montage of attempts to free Nancy\'s body using phone donations, song, and insults , "Ernest and Fanny\'s Exorcism Tonight" is announced as having the largest audience in history. Upon hearing this, the Devil, in Nancy\'s body, sets the studio on fire, causing the audience to flee. He reveals to Ernest and Fanny that he used them to get the largest audience, and turns them into a pantomime horse. Using the camera, the Devil tries to claim the souls of the viewing audience, but is stopped by Brophy, who destroys the camera. The Devil announces he knows another way to claim their souls, and runs away, heading for a satellite transmitter. He is pursued by religious figures from around the world, who have gathered at Brophy\'s command. Brophy teases the Devil about his defeat to Mayii. Back in the studio, the Devil successfully uses the camera to lure Mayii to him for a rematch. The exorcism, with commentary by "Mean Gene" Okerlund and Jesse Ventura, is ineffective until the Devil mentions that he hates Rock \'n Roll. Turning the TV studio into a live concert, the song "Devil with a Blue Dress On" is played to the Devil by the various religious figures, including The Pope on guitars. The Devil is tormented so that he is finally driven from Nancy\'s body, declaring "I\'ll be back!".'] ['The U.S. government grows worried for the nation\'s avocado supply after some confrontations with the "Piranha" tribe of cannibal women, who live in the mysterious "Avocado Jungle"  and ritually sacrifice and eat men. The government recruits Margo Hunt , a professor of feminist studies at a local university , to travel into the Avocado Jungle and make contact with the women to attempt to convince them to move to a reservation/condo in Malibu. Along the way, she and her travelling companions -- male chauvinist guide Jim  and ditzy undergraduate Bunny  -- meet a tribe of subservient men called the "Donnahew"  and face dangers in their path. Eventually, the trio  meets the Piranha women, who have recently taken Dr. Kurtz  as their "empress." Kurtz is Dr. Hunt\'s former colleague in feminist studies  and now her nemesis; she has joined the tribe of Piranha women with her own exploitative agenda. The two argue about the morality of sacrificing men and the exploitation of the Piranha women, and Bunny decides to join the tribe, her first sacrifice being Jim. Bunny cannot go through with the kill, however, and Dr. Hunt escapes, aided by the handsome, intelligent, and sensitive Jean-Pierre , who also was to be sacrificed. Dr. Margo Hunt finds in the jungle a rival tribe of cannibal women, the Barracuda Women, who are at war with the Piranha women due to differences over which condiment  most appropriately accompanies a meal of sacrificed man. Hunt returns to the Piranha stronghold with this other tribe and rescues Bunny and Jim as well as Jean-Pierre. Margo Hunt challenges Kurtz to a duel for supremacy, and they argue while fighting with various weapons; eventually, Margo impales Kurtz with a fencing sword. Kurtz explains her motives to Hunt in her last words - after ruling the Piranha tribe, she cannot return to civilization and the talk-show circuit. She then kills herself by plunging into a pit filled with water and piranha fish. Having discovered the government plot to domesticate the Piranha women by providing aerobics classes and frequent exposure to Cosmopolitan magazine, Hunt refuses to bring the Piranha women with her, and instead persuades the warring cannibal tribes to reunite, maintaining the peace by means of consciousness-raising groups. The film ends happily for the trio of main characters: Bunny and Jim are to be married, and Jean-Pierre has enrolled at Dr Hunt\'s university as a feminist studies major, becoming in the process the ideal companion for Hunt.'] ['The film begins off with a Star Wars styled title crawl. After the credits, the film cuts to the USS Consolationprize being attacked by a spacecraft resembling a Star Destroyer. We are then introduced to the ship\'s crew, Captain Kwirk and Mr. Spuck. A menacing figure named Dark Vapor then appears telling them that they are to be captured as part of the Rebellious Alliance. Upon realizing that the rest of the crew won\'t appear due to budget cuts, they escape in a shuttlecraft, and land on Earth, in the year 2001. They climb over a ridge to find a monolith, which belongs to a cigar-smoking Star Child. He says his monolith is broken and the universe is falling apart because of it. He states it\'s up to Kwirk and Spuck to repair it. They are also told that the dark smell of the force wants to steal the monolith for its power. But both sides can summon any warrior from any universe  to help their side of the fight. Later that night, the two arrive in Plastic City, and meet their first opponent, the Schwartzenator. In response, they summon RoboFuzz to combat him. Neither side is victorious. After that, Dark Vapor summons The Carnivore. Spuck responds by summoning N.T. the Non-Terrestrial. N.T. is the victor. Dark Vapor then summons Uglien, although he is easily distracted by an ice cream cone, which Spuck seemingly pulls out of his behind. Right as Spuck and Kwirk believe that they are victorious, the monolith is stolen by Darth Vapor\'s henchman, Mini-Maul , flying his Bow-Tie Fighter. Kwirk and Spuck secretly follow him onto Dark Vapor\'s starship, where a fight ensues. Meanwhile, Kwirk\'s mechanic, Mr. Squatty realizes the monolith\'s battery died and it just needed a jump start. The monolith is then repaired, and Captain Kwirk dispatches Mini-Maul by knocking him down into a pit of what appears to be liquid feces. Meanwhile, Mr. Spuck dispatches the rest of Vapor\'s henchmen in an asteroid field with a 12-gauge shotgun. Kwirk is reunited on the Consolationprize with Spuck, and he makes the discovery that the enemies\' designation is pure gas. They dispatch Dark Vapor by launching a missile into his ship. With evil now vanquished, Captain Kwirk wonders why RoboFuzz and N.T. have not been returned to their respective universes. The Star Child then appears on their screen, and informs them that they have yet to battle the true evil, and to defeat it they must unite with their enemies. Kwirk, Spuck, Vapor, and Mini-Maul are then transported to a desert wasteland, where they meet Jar Jar Sucks. For a reason they can\'t explain, they all suddenly feel pure hatred toward him, and attack. They tie him up with his own tongue, and throw him over a cliff. The Star Child then informs them that their duties are done, and they are sent back to their respective universes, "until the sequel".'] ['Lawrence "Larry the Liquidator" Garfield  is a successful corporate raider who has become rich buying up companies and selling off their assets. With the help of a computerized stock analyzing program, Garfield has identified New England Wire & Cable as his next target. The struggling company is run by the benevolent and folksy Andrew "Jorgy" Jorgenson  and is the primary employer in its small Rhode Island town. After stubbornly insisting that no outsider can seize control of a business his father began, Jorgy is finally persuaded to hire his stepdaughter Kate , a lawyer, to defend against a hostile takeover. Garfield is instantly smitten with the beautiful Kate, although he is on to her tactics and does not waver from his goal of becoming the majority stockholder of New England Wire & Cable. Garfield tactlessly and unsuccessfully tries to seduce her. Despite their antagonism, Kate finds herself attracted to Garfield\'s bold nature. The takeover attempt begins to fracture the New England Wire & Cable family. Kate\'s mother Bea  secretly travels to Garfield\'s offices to offer him one million dollars in greenmail to Garfield if he\'ll go away, but he refuses, stating "I don\'t take money from widows or orphans". Trusted company president Bill Coles , fearful that the takeover will leave him with nothing, offers to let Garfield vote his shares in the company in exchange for a million-dollar payout. Garfield agrees, but specifies that Coles will get only half as much if his shares fail to make up the margin of victory. Garfield concedes to Jorgy\'s offer to let the matter be settled at the annual shareholder\'s meeting. Relying on the support of longtime friends and investors, Jorgy makes an impassioned plea to save the company, appealing to the traditions of manufacturing as opposed to the new breed of capitalism which Larry the Liquidator represents, in which buyers of companies create no products or jobs and are interested only in money. The shareholders seem swayed by Jorgy\'s speech and boo Garfield when he gets up to give a rebuttal. In his rebuttal, Garfield compares New England Wire & Cable to the last buggy whip manufacturer, arguing that even though the company\'s product may be high quality, changing technology has rendered it obsolete. Rather than running a failing business into the ground, he contends that the shareholders should follow his lead and get what value they can from the stock before the company\'s inevitable demise. At least when this company is liquidated, he says, they\'ll end up with a few dollars in their pocket. When the vote is taken, the shareholders agree to give Garfield controlling interest in the company. The margin of victory is greater than Coles\' shares and thus he does not receive the full amount he betrayed Jorgy to get. Back at home in Manhattan, Garfield finds himself uncharacteristically despondent after his victory, having realized he has lost his chance for a romance with Kate. Just then, Kate calls. She informs him about discussions she\'s been having with a Japanese automaker who wants to hire New England Wire & Cable to make airbags for them, something which will make the company profitable again. An excited Garfield invites her to dinner to discuss it.'] ['The film is a parody of the historical spectacular film genre, including the sword and sandal epic and the period costume drama sub-genres. The four main segments consist of stories set during the Dawn of Man, the Roman Empire, the Spanish Inquisition, and the French Revolution. Other intermediate skits include reenactments of the giving of the Ten Commandments and the Last Supper.  Cavemen  depict the invention of fire, the first marriages , the first artist , and early attempts at comedy and music, by smashing each other\'s feet with rocks and thus creating an orchestra of screams.  Moses  is shown coming down from Mount Sinai carrying three stone tablets after receiving the Law from God . When announcing the giving of the reception of the law to the people, Moses proclaims, “The Lord Jehovah has given unto you these fifteen...”  “Oy...Ten! Ten Commandments! For all to obey!”  Comicus , a stand-up philosopher, is notified by his agent Swiftus ([[Ron Carey  that he has landed a gig at Caesar\'s palace. En route to the palace Comicus meets and falls in love with a Vestal Virgin named Miriam  and befriends an Ethiopian slave named Josephus . Josephus\' life is spared when he is conscripted into the service of the Empress Nympho . Comicus\' arrival at Caesar\'s palace was filmed at the Caesars Palace hotel in Las Vegas. At the Palace, Emperor Nero  gorges on food, ogles pretty maidens and waits to be entertained. Comicus forgets his audience and begins to crack insulting one-liners about the emperor\'s abundant body contours and corrupt ways. Josephus absentmindedly pours a jug of wine into Nero\'s lap and is ordered to fight Comicus to the death in a gladiatorial manner. They fight their way out of the palace, assisted in their escape by Miriam, Empress Nympho and a horse named Miracle. After Miriam helps Comicus, Josephus and Swiftus briefly find refuge in Empress Nympho\'s home, Josephus is "outed" among a row of eunuchs, and the group is chased by Roman soldiers. As the soldiers gain on the group\'s cart , Josephus instructs them to pull over in a field and requests lots of papyrus. He takes "Roman Red" marijuana which is growing alongside the road and rolls it into the papyrus, forming a device he calls Mighty Joint, sets fire to it and mounts it to the back of their chariot, trailing smoke into the chasing army. The resulting smoke confuses and incapacitates the trailing Roman army. The escaping group then sets sail from the port to Judea. While waiting tables at a restaurant, Comicus blunders into a private room where the Last Supper is taking place, interrupting Jesus  repeatedly . Eventually, Leonardo da Vinci  arrives to paint the group’s portrait. Dissatisfied that he can only see the backs of half of their heads, he has them move to one side of the table and paints them with Comicus behind Jesus, holding a silver plate which doubles as aureola.  The Spanish Inquisition segment is performed in the style of a grandiose Busby Berkeley production. The segment is one long song-and-dance number featuring Brooks as the infamous Torquemada. The segment opens with a herald introducing Torquemada and making a play on his name, noting that despite the pleas for mercy from the condemned, that you "can\'t Torquemada anything" . Several instances of "comical" torture are shown including a spinning iron maiden and "water torture" re-imagined as an Esther Williams-style aquatic ballet with nuns. Jackie Mason and Ronny Graham have cameos in this scene as Jewish torture victims.  In the tavern of Madame Defarge  she incites a mob to plot the French Revolution. Meanwhile, King Louis of France  is warned by his advisors, Count de Monet  and his associate Béarnaise , that the peasants do not think he likes them — a suspicion reinforced by the king\'s use of peasants as clay pigeons in a murderous game of skeet. A beautiful woman, Mademoiselle Rimbaud , asks him to free her father, who has been imprisoned in the Bastille for 10 years because he said "the poor ain\'t so bad." He agrees to the pardon under the condition that she have sex with him that night but also with the threat that should she refuse, her father will die. He then gives her 10 seconds to decide between "hump or death" and at the last seconds agrees to "hump". De Monet manages to convince the king that he needs to go into hiding and that they will need a stand-in to pretend to be him. Thus Jacques , the garçon de pisse , is chosen to impersonate the real king. Later that night, Mlle Rimbaud, unaware of the subterfuge, arrives and offers herself to the piss-boy who is dressed as the king. As she invites him to take her virginity, he pardons her father without requiring the sexual favors. After Mlle Rimbaud and her senile father  return from the prison, the peasants burst into the room and capture the piss-boy “king” and Mlle Rimbaud. They are taken to the guillotine for the crimes committed by the crown. When asked if he would like a blindfold or any last words, Jacques declines. However, when they test the guillotine, Jacques make a final request for Novocain. The executioner declares "there is no such thing known to medical science", to which Jacques replies "I\'ll wait". Just as Jacques is about to be beheaded, Josephus arrives in a cart pulled by Miracle. They all escape Paris, riding away in the cart. The last shot is of the party approaching a mountain carved with the words “THE END.”  At the very end of the film, there is a teaser trailer for History of the World: Part II, narrated by Brooks, which promises to include Hitler on Ice, a Viking funeral, and Jews in Space. Despite the preview, no sequel has been released, and the “Part I” of the film’s title is merely a historical jokeBrooks, Mel. "Director Trademark: Mel Brooks". Retrieved on 08-11-10. .{{cite web}} The Viking funeral scene involves Vikings taking off their stereotypical horned helmets - only to show that the horns were on the Vikings\' heads, rather than on their helmets.'] ['Student Bodies is about a serial killer who stalks female students at Lamab High School, while at the same time, voyeuristically watching them. The killer calls himself "The Breather," presumably because the killer is always breathing heavily. The Breather enjoys stalking victims over the telephone and much like Jason Voorhees of the Friday the 13th movies, he hates seeing youngsters having sex. The Breather uses many unusual objects to kill his female victims such as a paper clip, a chalkboard eraser, and a horse-head bookend. He kills his male victims by placing them in trash bags alive. The film itself ends with several twists: initially, it is revealed that the Principal and his elderly female assistant are working as a duo as "The Breather", even though they are shown at one point in the film in the same room as other characters when the Breather contacts the school to threaten to commit further murders. The film then goes to reveal that the entire film was a fevered dream, caused by the main character Toby being sick and consumed by overwhelming sexual repression. In a send-up of The Wizard of Oz, many characters are revealed to be much the opposite of what they appeared to be for the bulk of the film: the jock-like shop instructor is really the school\'s French teacher, the stuck-up would-be prom queen is actually the school nerd , the two handicapped kids turn out to be non-crippled, and a local ROTC cadet is a hippie. After being released from the hospital, Toby and her boyfriend are about to have sex, at which point he puts on gloves similar to the ones worn by the Breather and strangles Toby, as he has lost respect for her. However, in a homage to the nightmare-ending of Carrie, Toby\'s hands rise up from the freshly dug grave after her funeral to attack her killer.'] ["Barney is a student/science lab nerd who obtains telekinetic powers after a lab accident. Along with his best friend Peyton Nichols , a wealthy playboy with a dirty mind, Barney uses his new powers to take revenge upon bullies, cheat at sports, and expose attractive female flesh, particularly the beautiful but snobby Jane . After typical hijinks, including an episode at the prom strangely similar to the ending of Stephen King's Carrie, Barney comes to realize that the best girl for him is actually Bernadette ."] ["After the mayor uses a potentially dangerous substance to protect the local plantation, the lakeside town of Mountview, in California, is attacked by a lethal species of large cockroach. After some of the town's inhabitants are killed, the mayor enlists the help of eccentric pest exterminator General George S. Merlin in order to prevent further harm to the local dwellers."] ['A group of detectives, each accompanied by a relative or associate, is invited to "dinner and a murder" by the mysterious Lionel Twain . Having lured his guests to his mansion  managed by a blind butler and a deaf-mute cook, Twain announces that it is in fact he who is the greatest detective in the world. In order to prove his claim, he challenges the guests to solve a murder which will take place in the house at midnight that very night; a reward of $1 million will be presented to the winner. Before midnight, the butler is found dead, and at midnight Twain himself appears, also dead; the cook is discovered to have been an animated mannequin, now packed in a storage crate. The party spends the rest of the evening investigating, dining and bickering. They are manipulated by a mysterious behind-the-scenes force, confused by red herrings, baffled by the "mechanical marvel" that is Twain\'s house and ultimately find their own lives threatened. The ending piles on twist after twist as each sleuth presents his or her theory on the case. After a brutal night during which one pair is almost killed by a snake, another by a scorpion, another by a falling ceiling, a fourth by poison gas and the fifth by a bomb, they all collect in the office where the butler—believed to have been murdered earlier—is sitting behind the desk very much alive and not at all blind: "The butler did it". However, each detective then claims that the butler is in fact various incarnations of Twain\'s associates  or even his daughter. At first the butler plays the part of each of the persons with whom he\'s identified, but then pulls off a mask to reveal Lionel Twain himself, very much alive. Twain then disparages each of the detectives  for the way in which the plots in their adventures have been handled, including: introducing crucial characters at the last minute for the traditional "twist in the tale"  and withholding clues and information that made it impossible for the reader to find out who had done it. None of the detectives walks away with the million dollars. It is not clear whether any murder has actually taken place. In the last spoken line of the movie, Sydney Wang, when asked if there had been a murder or not, replies "Yes; killed good weekend!" After the guests leave, Twain pulls off another mask, revealing "himself" to be Yetta, the cook.'] ['Little Red Riding Hood discovers that the Big Bad Wolf has disguised himself as Granny, just as the ax-wielding woodsman bursts through the window, startling everyone. The police quickly arrive, and Red, Wolf, Granny, and the Woodsman are questioned by detective Nicky Flippers about the events leading up the incident. Red explains that she was delivering goodies for her grandmother when she discovered a threat from the mysterious Goodie Bandit. Hoping to save her Granny’s recipes, she embarked upon a journey to take them to the top of a nearby mountain where her Granny lives. On her way, she encountered the Wolf, who asked her a series of suspicious questions. She managed to escape, and eventually reached her Granny’s house; however she found the Wolf already waiting in ambush. What at first seems to be an open-and-shut case becomes confused though, once it is learned that the Wolf is an investigative reporter. He reveals that he was searching for a lead on the identity of the Goodie Bandit, and had reason to believe that Granny and Red were the culprits. Locating Red, he questioned her, hoping to get to the bottom of the mystery. When Red escaped, he headed for her Granny’s house and arriving first, went undercover, hoping to trick her into giving him the evidence he needed. When questioned, the Woodsman reveals that he is in fact an aspiring actor who was only trying out for the part of a woodsman in a commercial. After his schnitzel truck was robbed by the Goodie Bandit, he went out into the woods to get in character for his role, and spent the rest of the day felling trees. An especially large tree rolled after him, and pushed him through the window of Granny’s home. The investigation then turns to Granny, who reveals that, unbeknownst to her family, she is an extreme sports enthusiast. During a ski race earlier that day, she was attacked by the opposing team, but got away safely after learning that they were hired by the Goodie Bandit. Despondent over her Granny’s lack of honesty, Red wanders off alone. Meanwhile, Nicky Flippers realizes that the one commonality between all four stories was a bunny named Boingo, and concludes that he is the Goodie Bandit. However, Boingo has already snuck into the home and stolen Granny’s recipes. Red sees Boingo and follows him to his hideout at a cable car station, but the police pursue him in the wrong direction. Granny, the Wolf, and the Woodsman manage to locate Boingo as he is explaining his evil scheme to Red. Boingo plans to add an addictive substance to the stolen recipes, and then explode the forest, making way for new real estate for expanding his business. The Wolf and the Woodsman go undercover to distract Boingo as Granny sneaks into his lair, but open conflict ensues. Boingo sends a bound and gagged Red down the mountain in a cable car loaded with explosives, and Granny goes after her, with Boingo and his henchmen in pursuit. Red manages to free herself, and escapes with Granny, while the police, who have been located by the Wolf’s assistant Twitchy, are waiting at the bottom of the mountain to arrest Boingo and his henchmen. Some time later, the Woodsman finds success as part of a yodeling troupe, and Red, Granny, the Wolf, and Twitchy are enlisted by Nicky Flippers to join a crime solving organization called Happily Ever After Agency.'] ["Bernie LaPlante is a pickpocket and petty criminal who anonymously rescues survivors of a plane crash, losing a shoe in the process. He later meets a homeless Vietnam veteran, John Bubber, and gives him his remaining shoe. The media cries out for the hero to come forward, and when Bernie can't due to incarceration, John uses the single shoe to take credit for the act. Bernie tries to tell people John is a fake, but the media has sensationalized the heroic Bubber, and everyone wants to believe in him rather than Bernie. TV reporter Gail Gayley, one of the crash survivors, considers herself to be in John's debt and soon grooms his public image. She finds herself falling in love with him even though she has questions about his authenticity, and he finds himself in an ethical dilemma since his lies are inspirational to countless people. Meanwhile, Bernie tries to bond with his son who is enamored with John. But he is trapped by his own character, unable to convince anyone of the truth. And he feels that if his son is going to idolize anyone, perhaps John is the better choice. Eventually the two men find themselves on the ledge of a building, where Bernie hatches a scheme to milk the media attention for all it's worth. Ultimately they agree that the world needs a hero, and John is the only one people will accept. Gail finally realizes the truth, John agrees to play the part, and Bernie stays out of the spotlight. Realizing that his son already idolizes him, Bernie decides to tell him the true story of the crash while at the zoo. After he tells him, a lady cries out that her daughter has fallen into the lion's cage. Bernie's son looks at him with expectant eyes, to which he sighs, slips off his shoes, and tells him to watch them."] [" An old man standing outside a skee ball arcade in New Jersey is beaten into a coma by three hockey stick-wielding teenagers, the Stygian Triplets. Two fallen angels, Bartleby and Loki, were banished from Heaven after an inebriated Loki, with Bartleby's encouragement, resigned as the Angel of Death. Exiled to Wisconsin, the pair see their salvation when a church in Red Bank, New Jersey celebrates its centennial anniversary with a plenary indulgence. They can have their sins forgiven by passing through the doors of that church, and—upon death—regain access to Heaven. They fail to realize that this will overrule the word of God and destroy existence.  Metatron, the Voice of God, appears to Bethany Sloane and tasks her with preventing Bartleby and Loki's return. Bethany resists the mission, as she lost her faith in God due to her infertility and resultant divorce. Bethany is attacked by the Stygian Triplets, but is saved by Jay and Silent Bob, two prophets whom Metatron said would appear. She is also aided by Rufus, the thirteenth apostle, and Serendipity, a Muse with writer's block. The demon Azrael, a former Muse, warns Bartleby and Loki that the forces of Heaven and Hell are attempting to kill them, as Satan will not let them succeed where he has failed and make him look bad. Bethany's party unwittingly meet the angels on a train, where a drunk Bethany reveals her mission to Bartleby, who threatens to kill Bethany before a melee ensues, in which Bartleby and Loki are thrown off the train by Silent Bob. Bartleby rants that existence would be better off destroyed as God shows man infinite patience, while angels are punished after one transgression. Loki is alarmed by the ramifications of their plan and becomes reluctant to continue, comparing Bartleby's attitude to that of Lucifer. Bartleby orders him onwards. Bethany learns she was chosen for the mission because she is the last relative of Jesus Christ. The group ponders who orchestrated the angels' plan, and Metatron explains that God goes to Earth in human form every now and again to play skee ball, and has gone missing; someone knew enough to incapacitate God but leaving Him alive in a mortal form, and thus be unable to return to Heaven. The group deduces that Lucifer has as much to lose if Bartleby and Loki succeed as anyone else. Arriving at the church, they fail to persuade Cardinal Glick to cancel the celebration. As revenge Jay steals his golf club. When Bartleby and Loki reach the church, Bartleby kills everyone attending the celebration. At a nearby bar, Azrael captures the heroes and explains that he is the mastermind behind the angels' plan; he wants to destroy existence rather than spend eternity in Hell, but he needed to manipulate Bartleby and Loki, as demons cannot become human. Silent Bob kills Azrael with Cardinal Glick's blessed golf club. Serendipity tells Bethany to bless the sink, making the water in the sink holy; Jay, Rufus and Serendipity kill the Stygian Triplets by dunking their heads into the water. The heroes reach the church before Bartleby and Loki enter. Loki's wings have been torn off by Bartleby; he is now human and decides to help them. Bartleby kills Loki and fights off Rufus, Serendipity and Bob. During an attempt to seduce Bethany, Jay mentions John Doe Jersey, a comatose patient in a hospital across the street who was attacked outside a skee ball arcade and is being kept on life support. Hoping this is God, Bethany and Bob race to the hospital. Jay shoots off Bartleby's wings with a submachine gun, turning him human. Bethany removes the life support, allowing God to escape while inadvertently killing Bethany. In the form of a woman, God manifests at the church before a remorseful Bartleby, and kills him with the power of Her voice. Silent Bob shows up with Bethany's blood-stained corpse. God resurrects Bethany and conceives a child inside her. The heavenly beings return to Heaven, leaving Bethany, Jay and Bob to reflect on events."] ['The Stooges work at Dimsal\'s Drug Store in Ithaca, New York, where they befriend Schuyler Davis , the owner of the shop next door, who is attempting to build a time machine. With the boys\' "help", the machine transports the boys, Schuyler and disaffected girlfriend Diane Quigley  back in time to Ithaca in ancient Greece during the reign of the lecherous King Odius . The King, after defeating and imprisoning Ulysses because the Stooges are believed to be gods, has a yearning for Diane. Realizing they have disrupted the proper course of history, Schuyler and the boys free Ulysses, after which Odius banishes them to the galleys, where Schuyler builds impressive muscles while constantly rowing. After an escape and shipwreck, they kill a monster with the help of Joe\'s sleeping pills and start billing Schuyler as Hercules at a local gladiatorial arena. The real Hercules  gets wind of their game and confronts them, but after single combat the Stooges convince Hercules to help them rescue Diane in a chariot chase. The time travelers remove the king and, navigating by observing the progress of military technology, manage to set history straight by dumping him off during Indian dominated American Old West where a band of warriors chase him off into the distance.'] ["Based on the play Beyond Therapy by Christopher Durang, it focuses on Prudence and Bruce, two Manhattanites who are seeking stable romantic relationships with the help of their respective psychiatrists, lecherous Stuart and scatterbrained Charlotte, each of whom suggests the patient place a personal ad. Their first meeting proves to be a disaster, but when they reunite sparks begin to fly. Complications ensue when bisexual Bruce's jealous live-in lover Bob decides to assert himself and do everything possible to maintain his status quo."] ['When influential folk music producer Irving Steinbloom dies, his children organize a memorial concert featuring his three most famous acts: The Folksmen, The New Main Street Singers, and Mitch & Mickey. The Folksmen trio consists of Mark Shubb , Alan Barrows , and Jerry Palter . Their most famous folk song was "Old Joe\'s Place." The New Main Street Singers are the second generation of the original Main Street Singers, formed by George Menschell , the sole survivor of the original group. Menschell sings and holds a guitar he cannot play. Performers include Terry Bohner  and his wife Laurie Bohner . Laurie is a former adult film star and with her husband, is co-founder of Witches in Nature\'s Colors , a coven of modern-day witches that worships the power of color. Another member is Sissy Knox , a former juvenile delinquent and daughter of one of the original Main Street Singers. They are managed by Mike LaFontaine , whose fifteen minutes of fame came by way of a failed 1970s TV sitcom, Wha\' Happened?, which lasted less than one season. The group, which is otherwise entirely white, includes one Filipino American member, Mike Maryama . Mitch Cohen  and Mickey Crabbe  are a romantic duo that released seven albums together until their traumatic break-up decades earlier. Their most famous song is "Kiss at the End of the Rainbow," during which the pair would actually kiss on stage. After the three groups agree to the reunion performance, to be held at The Town Hall in New York and televised live on PBN, they begin rehearsals. The show itself goes off with only two hitches: two acts plan to play the same song, and Mitch temporarily disappears. In the finale, everyone joins together to sing "A Mighty Wind." Six months after the reunion, Mickey is performing "The Sure-Flo Song" at her husband\'s trade show booth. Mitch is writing poetry again, claiming to be in a "prolific phase." Folksman Mark Shubb is living life as a transgender woman, while still singing in her famous bass voice. LaFontaine is reviving an idea for a sitcom starring the New Main Street Singers. He wants to call it "Supreme Folk" and have each play Supreme Court judges by day, folk singers sharing a house by night.'] ['The film is set early in the flapper era, beginning on "Thursday", June 2 of 1922, although in fact this day was a Friday. Millie Dillmount\'s  ambition is to find work as a stenographer to a wealthy businessman and then marry him&mdash;a thoroughly modern goal. Millie befriends Miss Dorothy Brown  as the latter checks into the Priscilla Hotel. When house mother Mrs. Meers  learns Miss Dorothy is an orphan, she remarks, "Sad to be all alone in the world." Unbeknownst to Millie, the woman is selling her tenants into white slavery, and those without family or close friends are her primary targets. At a friendship dance in the hall, Millie meets the devil-may-care paper clip salesman Jimmy Smith , to whom she takes an instant liking. However, she carries on with her plan to work for and then marry a rich man, and when she gets a job at Sincere Trust, she sets her sights on the attractive but self-absorbed Trevor Graydon . Jimmy later takes her and Miss Dorothy on an outing to Long Island, where they meet eccentric widow Muzzy Van Hossmere . Jimmy tells the girls that his father was Muzzy’s former gardener. Although Millie is falling in love with Jimmy, she is determined to stick to her plan and marry Trevor. One morning, she goes to work dressed as a flapper and attempts to seduce him, but her effort fails. Eventually, Trevor sees Miss Dorothy and falls in love with her and vice versa, leaving Millie heartbroken. Meanwhile, Jimmy\'s attempts to talk to Millie are continually thwarted by no-nonsense head stenographer Miss Flannary . He eventually climbs up the side of the building and when he finally gets to talk to Millie, she tells him she is quitting her job since Mr. Graydon is no longer available. Mrs. Meers makes several attempts to kidnap Miss Dorothy and hand her over to her Asian henchmen Bun Foo  and Ching Ho , but Millie manages to interrupt her every time. When Mrs. Meers finally succeeds, Millie finds Trevor drowning his sorrows, and he tells her Miss Dorothy stood him up and checked out of the hotel. Jimmy climbs into Miss Dorothy\'s room and lets Millie in, and they find all of Miss Dorothy\'s possessions still there. Millie realizes Miss Dorothy is just one of several girls who have vanished without a word to anyone. Together with Trevor Graydon, they try to piece the puzzle together. When Jimmy asks what all the missing girls had in common, Millie mentions they all were orphans. Jimmy disguises himself as a woman named Mary James seeking accommodations at the Priscilla Hotel, and casually mentions she is an orphan in front of Mrs. Meers. Mrs. Meers spots Trevor sitting in his car in front of the hotel, becomes suspicious, and shoots him with a tranquilizer dart. Mary James is subsequently captured by Mrs. Meers and Bun Foo, and Millie follows them to Chinatown, where the unconscious Jimmy has been hidden in a room in a fireworks factory where Miss Dorothy is sleeping. Trying to look casual, Millie has been smoking a cigarette outside the building, and when she begins to choke on it, she tosses it into a window, setting off the fireworks. As a series of explosions tear through the building, Millie dashes into the factory and finds several white girls tied up and about to be sent off to Beijing. She unties a couple of them, who then free the other girls, and then bumps into Miss Dorothy. They carry Jimmy out of the building, and head for Long Island and Muzzy. Mrs. Meers, Bun Foo, and Ching Ho follow Millie and the gang, but under Muzzy\'s leadership everyone manages to subdue the nefarious trio. Millie then discovers Jimmy and Miss Dorothy are millionaire siblings and Muzzy is their stepmother, who sent them out into the world to find partners who would love them for who they were and not for their money. Millie marries Jimmy and Miss Dorothy marries Trevor.'] ['The movie opens with Angela Arden  kneeling in front of her twin sister Barbara\'s grave. Angela is a lounge singer who is attempting to resuscitate her floundering career, which became obsolete around the same time Barbara committed suicide. She\'s unhappily married to her movie-director husband Sol Sussman . They have two children together&ndash;Lance , who is gay and emotionally disturbed, and Edith , a "daddy\'s girl" who is openly contemptuous of her mother. Also living in the house is the snoopy maid Bootsie , who is infatuated with Sol. Bored and unhappy, Angela begins cheating on her husband with Tony Parker , a tennis playing "lothario" and failed actor who is reputed to be well endowed. Sol finds out after hiring a private detective to follow Angela around. He confronts her about it but he refuses to divorce her. Instead, he gives her "life in prison". Not only does he cancel all of Angela\'s credit cards, he forbids her from performing at an engagement in New York, destroying the contract before she has a chance to sign it. Feeling trapped and eager to get her hands on her husband\'s money, Angela poisons an ever-constipated Sol with an arsenic-laced suppository. Despite the fact that Angela receives virtually nothing in Sol\'s will, her children, along with Bootsie, begin to suspect Angela\'s involvement. And the suspicious circumstances of Sol\'s death bring old questions about Angela\'s sister\'s death to light. Edith&ndash;and later Lance&ndash;hatch a plot to get her to confess. Meanwhile, Tony successfully seduces both the children, taking an unusual interest in the details surrounding Aunt Barbara\'s death. After Bootsie is found dead, the children eventually get Angela to confess her crimes by lacing her evening coffee with LSD. During her bender, Angela not only reveals that she poisoned Sol, but that she is not Angela but really Barbara. In flashback, Barbara reveals how as Angela\'s career flourish, her own fell apart, culminating in her arrest for jewelry theft. After serving her sentence, Barbara arrived at Angela\'s mansion, greeted with scorn and ridicule from the immensely egotistical Angela. Watching the physical and emotional abuse Angela doled out to Sol and the children, Barbara devised a plan to poison her sister and take over her life, her family and, most importantly, her career. The children watch with confusion as Barbara announces she killed Angela. As they turn the tape over to Tony, Edith and Lance fight over who will be the one to run away with him, while he respectfully refuses both of them. Meanwhile, a masked assailaint pops up and tries to dispatch Barbara; in the scuffle, Barbara pulls off the assailant\'s mask, revealing Sol underneath. With all the primary players in the room, Sol reveals how he and Bootsie faked his death for him to escape outstanding mob debts he couldn\'t pay back and how he was forced to kill Bootsie to protect his secret. Tony then reveals he is really an FBI agent who\'s been heading a case investigation Angela\'s murder before arresting Sol. The children - finally understanding Barbara\'s motives and desperation - hug Barbara while Tony says he will destroy the evidence to protect her from an eventual prison stint and trip to the gas chamber. But Barbara tells them, as she walks to her waiting police escort outside, that by finally being herself, she will finally gain her freedom from living under her sister\'s shadow.'] ['Captain Dan Tracey and his two lieutenants are ordered to investigate trouble on the resort planet Clitoris, a pleasure world filled with shopping and gambling where, according to the "Articles of the Venus Convention", only women are allowed. A variety of problems are occurring on the planet; most notably, several important pieces of "Girlinium" have been stolen from the Empress Nueva Gabor. "Girlinium", as explained by the Empress, is a very rare gem found only in the caverns of the fourth moon of Girlina, a distant planet. It is used by the Empress to help the planet maintain its delicate orbit surrounding its sun. The stolen pieces must be found or the planet will fall into ruin as evidenced by increasingly violent earthquakes. The captain and his men, in order to remain undercover, become women via sex reversal pills and pose as showgirls from Earth performing a mid-twentieth century lounge act for the Empress\' annual off-world slumber party while investigating the crime. Synopsis of Vegas in Space'] ['Two people are attacked in a cemetery when slices of bread hurl themselves at them. They escape in their car as bread throws itself at them from offscreen. They make it to a farm house where they and others are besieged by rampant slices of killer bread. One gets smothered to death, leaving behind a white bread-strewn corpse. News reports speculate that an explosion at a bakery thus animating—as opposed to re-animating—all manner of bread. Even Communion Wafers attack people when priests using their Churches as Emergency shelters lead Mass. The group then barricades their sanctuary farmhouse, using toasters instead of torches to frighten off the bread and barricading the doors and wall with sandwich bags instead of boards. The two women go into the basement to keep safe, not knowing that there is a lunch bag next to them. The bread kills them and one of the men leaving only one person. At the end of the film, the sole survivor is smothered by the bread.'] ['McHattie plays Reverend Randall, a Staten Island-based televangelist who has been bilking his flock and secretly watches pornography while he is rehearsing his sermons in his stately home. Cervenka plays Rhonda Stample, a born again Christian. After Rhonda\'s non-believer husband, Jerome , loses his factory job, he and two cousins enlist Rhonda in a plot to entrap Rev. Randall in a sex scandal and blackmail him. The film\'s theme music is by New Order, who also contributed a further four original pieces to the soundtrack including "Touched by the Hand of God". Tagline: SEX. POWER. MONEY. All in the name of God * This film is only available on VHS.'] ['The film begins with Bobby finding a winning lottery ticket, that Mike  insists must be returned to its rightful owner. Mike invites people over to his house to determine the rightful owner by posting an add in the newspaper stating "lost & found winning lottery ticket for 67 million dollars." Naturally many people showed up but the original owner had written something on the back of the ticket giving Mr. Brady a way to tell who was telling the truth. With no one being able to come up with the phrase written, Mr. Brady starts to think of another way, and just as he says he doesn\'t know what to do, a local female news caster walks in, and Mr. Brady sees it as a way to reach more people. Multiple cut scenes ensue showing stations talking about the Bradys trying to find the original owner, while also showing a broadcast talking about the vice president resigning to work for the company Fox, where he\'ll make six times the amount he was making, in the background it shows the actual owner walking to his death by execution -this is implied by the man being in chains, escorted by law enforcement dressed people, and a clergy man speaking to him, while the man shouts, "Wait, I\'m the real owner, I\'m rich, take your hands off me." With not being able to find the original owner Mr. Brady donates the money to "homeless architects and their families", which garners the attention of the president. The president then invites him to a press conference where the president is asked about his dealings with an oil drilling company abusing the environment, the president responds by saying he has never heard of the company, has not dealt with them, nor has he been to the site, where he then states, "This is the truth or I shall resign my presidency." The press then goes on to ask if he has picked a new running mate for the upcoming election, and with the light of ongoing scandals can he find an honest man of high integrity. Carol, Mike Brady\'s wife, shouts out why not Mike, where then the press shouts, "Yeah, why not Mike," and the president says, "Why not Mike Brady." It then cuts to a news station stating that the incumbent president and Mike Brady have won the election -with Mike Brady the vice president- due to boy scouts, disco music lovers, and polyester enthusiasts. The next scene in which the incumbent president and Mike are to be sworn in, a confidential document folder is passed to the incumbent president. The folder contains a picture of the incumbent president at the drilling site, with -what is inferred- the oil company\'s top executives, the president remembering his promise then walks out before being sworn in, thereby making Mike Brady president. Mike Brady then needs to select a new vice president, which he decides it should be his wife. He goes before congress asking for a vote, where the speaker of the house says, "You cannot just call for a vote, the vice president has very real responsibilities and cannot vote unless he sees something to prove she can do it." Carol then breaks out in song along with the rest of the family, convincing congress to vote for her. As Mike Brady is walking to the oval office different departments come to him with negative scores asking for more money or negligible increases asking for money, with which he replies, "Not good enough" including when his youngest daughter asks for him to sign her report card, although approving the congress\'s new budget plan. Veronica, the liaison to the American public pulls the speaker of the house into a separate room, saying, "Can you believe him, he just approved your budget, he\'s not taking any credit, and he\'s of to much integrity, how did he get to the highest office, you should be president." A side plot is Peter breaking a priceless Ming vase, and trying to get out of it by gluing it back together. Peter really wants to go to a camp, but feels if he tells the truth he won\'t be able to go. The vase is used during a diner party with dignitaries across the world, but ends up leaking all over them. Peter\'s siblings come up with the plan of all of them confessing, hoping to fool/confuse Mike Brady into not knowing who actually broke it. Mike thinking about it logically though realized Peter was the only one not to confess thereby showing his own guilt. Mike coming up with the consequence of punishing the other children forcing Peter into a guilt trip to confess his own guilt, ultimately succeeding. Veronica, Greg\'s crush is later to be found as an agent of an elitist organization who\'s mission is seizing power for herself and the speaker of the house. They both devise a plan to ruin the presidents image, and therefore presidency The first plan consisting of Veronica seducing Greg into divulging crude or malevolent information, on Mike or the family, fails, but the youngest daughter does give information regarding a questionable relationship between Mike Brady and a woman from his past; Carol is accused of rebellious behavior from protesting to keep a park; Marcia is accused of being promiscuous because of a fictional erotic encounter with Desi Arnaz Jr. written in her diary; Greg accused of under age smoking because of a cigaret container found in his coat, he had switched with another boy; Peter accused of bribery for getting a better grade after calling his teacher great; Jan accused of cheating for getting a better grade on an essay than she was supposed to; and Alice accused of drugging the food so the Bradys stay happy all the time. Although this plan garners significant news coverage its is by no means to impeach a president, in which they devise a second plan in order to seize power. The second plan is to trick the president into addressing the public that a world ending asteroid is about to hit earth. They succeed by switching a report from NASA regarding data from the Trailblazer 1 space probe -a fictional space probe- with Peter\'s science project about the asteroid that hit earth causing the largest scale extinction on earth. This plan also succeeds and Mike address the public telling them he received a report from NASA that confirms a massive meteor is on an intersect course and will cause global devastation. The Bradys are then transported to a secret bunker underneath the White House that will protect them from the ensuing danger. The Speaker of the House then seizes the opportunity by to take power by calling an official press conference as acting president and saying, "There is no danger, or emergency. The president is incompetent, and couldn\'t tell the difference between a high school science project, and a sophisticated aeronautical diagram." Then asks the public to ask for an impeachment of the president. Meanwhile the Bradys find out from the Cindy -the youngest daughter- that she overheard the Speaker of the House and Veronica taking about their plan while underneath a table in the room Veronica pulled the Speaker of the House into. Mike realizes what happened and breaks out of the vault just as the Speaker of the House is encouraging the public to call for vote. Mike then asks Cindy to tell the press what she heard the Speaker of the House say, to which she somehow tells the story of her seeing the Speaker of the House switching the homework and the report. Mike then address the public saying they deserve to know the truth, and goes on to start telling the story of the lottery ticket and how he got to be president.'] ['In 1996, Jamie Randall  is fired from a Midwest town\'s electronics store for having sex with his manager\'s girlfriend. His wealthy brother Josh  announces at the dinner table at their parents\'  house that he has found Jamie a job as a pharmaceutical sales representative. After attending a Pfizer training program where he has sex with the instructor , Jamie goes to work for the company and tries to get doctors to prescribe Zoloft and Zithromax. He is rebuffed, much to the dismay of his regional manager, Bruce , who sees Jamie as his ticket to the "big leagues" of Chicago. Bruce says if Jamie can get Dr. Knight  to prescribe Zoloft instead of Prozac, other doctors will follow his lead. Jamie tries to get access to Dr. Knight by hitting on his female employees until, exasperated, Dr. Knight unethically permits him to observe a disrobing patient, Maggie Murdock , who suffers from early onset Parkinson\'s disease. Jamie angles a date with Maggie, who has sex with him. Jamie is later beaten up by top-selling Prozac rep Trey , one of Maggie\'s ex-lovers, who warns him to stay away from her and the doctors. That night, Jamie is unable to get an erection. Maggie teasingly says he should use the new erectile dysfunction drug that his company has developed. Bruce confirms that such a drug, to be called Viagra, is about to be marketed. Jamie soon starts selling Viagra, an instant success. Jamie wants a committed relationship, but Maggie refuses. Jamie confronts her while she helps senior citizens onto a bus bound for Canada to get cheap prescription drugs, and they get into an argument. Two days later, after he waits the night before at the bus stop in his car, he greets her back. Maggie is touched that he waited, and they resume their relationship. Jamie spends nights at Maggie\'s apartment. One night, he tells Maggie that he loves her &mdash; the first time he has ever said that to anyone &mdash; and has a panic attack. Maggie calms him by saying she "said \'I love you\' to a cat once". Jamie catches his brother masturbating to a sex tape that he and Maggie had filmed. Jamie asks her to go to a Chicago medical conference with him. She ends up at a Parkinson\'s discussion group across the street, and is moved by the people and their stories. Jamie meets a man whose wife is in the final stages of the disease, and asks for advice about Maggie. The man tells him to run. After the convention, Maggie tells him how much she loves him. Jamie starts researching Parkinson\'s, and takes Maggie to different specialists around the country to have tests done. Jamie becomes angry and upset when he arrives at an appointment, to find out it has been rescheduled after they had flown in to see the doctor. Maggie sees that Jamie can only love her if there\'s a hope that one day there will be a cure, and decides to break up with him. Some time later, Jamie goes to a restaurant and runs into Maggie, who is on a date. Bruce shows up and reveals Jamie has been promoted to the Chicago office. While packing to move to Chicago, Jamie finds the videotape recorder where he taped himself and Maggie talking about life. Jamie realizes he wants to be with Maggie, but her boss tells him she has left for Canada to obtain drugs. Jamie flags down her bus and tells her that she makes him a better person, and that he loves and needs her. She starts to cry and says she will need him more. Jamie decides not to take the job in Chicago, but instead he attends medical school and stays with Maggie.'] ['In the opening scene, John Hay Forrest , noted scientist and cheesemaker, dies in a single-vehicle car accident (represented by the car wreck scene from [[Keeper of the Flame . In the next scene, private investigator Rigby Reardon  is reading a newspaper when Forrest\'s daughter, Juliet , enters his office and faints when the paper\'s headline reminds her of her father\'s death. Upon coming to, she hires Rigby to investigate the death, which she thinks was murder. In Dr. Forrest\'s lab, Rigby finds two lists, one titled "Friends of Carlotta" and the other "Enemies of Carlotta", as well as an affectionately autographed photo of singer Kitty Collins, whose name appears on one of the lists. His search is interrupted by a man posing as an exterminator , who shoots Rigby in the arm and frisks the lists from the supposedly dead investigator. Rigby manages to find his way to Juliet\'s house, where she sucks out the bullet, snakebite-style, and points Rigby to the club at which Kitty sings. Juliet also reveals a note to her father from her alcoholic brother-in-law, Sam Hastings, which in turn reveals that Dr. Forrest gave him a dollar bill "for safekeeping". Despite warnings that the mentally disturbed Leona will not be of much use, Rigby calls Leona, who after a rambling discussion, hangs up . On the way out, Juliet asks Rigby to leave further news with her butler or cleaning woman. Mention of the latter causes Rigby to go berserk , due to his own father running off with the cleaning woman and his mother dying of a broken heart. Rigby tracks down alcoholic Sam (Ray Milland, from [[The Lost Weekend  and gets Dr. Forrest\'s dollar, which has "FOC"  names scrawled on it — including Kitty Collins and Swede Anderson . Rigby tracks down Kitty Collins (Ava Gardner, from [[The Killers  at the Brentwood Room. He asks if she\'s one of Carlotta\'s friends, which causes her to leave abruptly. He trails her to a restaurant, where she ditches her brooch into her soup. Rigby subsequently retrieves the brooch, which contains an "EOC" list, on which all names are crossed out, except Swede Anderson\'s. Rigby visits Swede  but while Rigby prepares a "java", Swede is killed. Rigby is also shot, causing Juliet to suck out another bullet. Rigby calls Marlowe (Humphrey Bogart, from [[The Big Sleep , his mentor, for assistance. Juliet hands over a key from Dr. Forrest\'s desk, a key to a train station locker. The accompanying note, "most recent rat", tells Rigby to look for locker 1936, the last Chinese Year of the Rat. Rigby and the Field Marshal compete about the right to explain what happened. It turns out that Dr. Forrest had been tricked into divulging a secret cheese mold by Nazis posing as a humanitarian organization. Once he discovered their true intent, to use the mold\'s corrosive properties to destroy America and make a comeback, he assembled a list of Nazi agents, the "Friends of Carlotta". Before he could divulge the names to the FBI, he was abducted and his death faked to prevent a police investigation. The Immer Essen, a cruise ship passing by, witnessed the corrosive effects of the mold tests, making all passengers "Enemies of Carlotta" and targets for murder. Rigby is captured but Juliet gets the Field Marshal to say "cleaning woman", causing Rigby to go berserk, break his chains and overpower the Nazis. While Juliet gets Rodriguez, the Field Marshal manages to pull one of the switches, destroying Terre Haute, Indiana, before being shot dead by Rigby. Rodriguez rounds up the other Nazis while Rigby shares a long kiss with Juliet.'] ['Francis Bigger  is a charlatan faith healer, convinced that "mind over matter" is more effective than medical treatment. During a lecture, he stumbles offstage and is admitted to the local hospital. In hospital he incessantly groans and whinges about being "maltreated" and demands better treatment than the other, eccentric patients: bedridden layabout Charlie Roper  who shams illnesses to stay in hospital; Ken Biddle  who makes frequent trips to the ladies\' ward to flirt with his love interest, Mavis Winkle ; and Mr Barron ([[Charles Hawtrey  who seems to be suffering sympathy pains while his wife awaits the birth of their baby. He also meets two very different doctors. Clumsy yet charming Dr Kilmore  is popular with the patients and loved from afar by the beautiful Nurse Clark ; hospital registrar Dr Tinkle is universally detested, as is his battleaxe Matron , who harbours an unrequited love for him. After Bigger\'s arrival, novice nurse Sandra May , arrives at the hospital with her intention to declare her  love for Tinkle, and enters his room, violating hospital rules that female staff are not permitted in the male quarters. Matron and Kilmore burst in on her declarations of love, which are cruelly rebuffed by Tinkle. Matron throws Nurse May out, and she leaves while tearfully announcing she\'d rather die than live without Tinkle. Dr Tinkle fears for his position after this incident, and contrives with Matron to get rid of Kilmore and Sandra May, lest they reveal the truth. Shortly after, Sandra May climbs on to the roof of the nurses\' home to sunbathe in her bikini top. Dr Kilmore and Nurse Clark assume she is going to throw herself off the roof in despair after Tinkle\'s rejection. Kilmore rushes to save her and climbs on to the roof. He realises she is sunbathing and prepares to leave, but Sandra assumes to her horror he is leering over her, and shrieks in fear. Her screams attract attention and soon the entire hospital staff and townspeople flock to watch. Nurse Clark attempts to help Kilmore before he falls off, but he accidentally tears her skirt off, leaving her in her underwear and stockings. Kilmore crashes through a window to safety, but lands in a bath... with a nurse in it, who assumes he is attacking her. His good reputation is destroyed among everyone except his patients. Dr Kilmore is given a hearing with the hospital governor, but Matron and Tinkle deny his revelation of Sandra May\'s fight with Tinkle. As Sandra May has left the hospital, Kilmore has no proof to support him and is forced to resign. Nurse Clark reports the Tinkle and Matron\'s treachery to the patients, and together they decide to exact revenge upon the doctor and Matron for what they have done.'] ["The film begins in a theater, where a pianist  begins to play a piano accompaniment to the actual film being shown in the theater. Holmes  has just restored a stolen artifact to three French nuns, and is later called on a case by Dr. Mortimer  concerning Sir Henry Baskerville  and a legendary hound that curses the Baskerville estate. Tired and worn out by so many cases, Holmes passes the case onto Dr. Watson , who is portrayed as a Welsh eccentric. Upon arriving at the station, Sir Henry, Dr. Mortimer, Watson and Perkins  are halted by a policeman , who warns them of a murderer stalking the moors, before sending the group on their way. The Barrymores at Baskerville Hall mistreat Sir Henry and Watson, feeding them only cheese and water and then throwing them into a small bedroom, ankle-deep in water. Watson then goes to the village to send a message to Holmes , and meets Mr. Stapleton of Merripit Hall. Stapleton is carrying a chihuahua that proceeds to urinate in Watson's pocket and face. Arriving at Merripit Hall, Watson meets the eccentric Mrs. Stapleton, who displays surreal symptoms suggesting demonic possession. Late at night, Sir Henry and Watson discover the Seldons and the escaped murderer, whom Watson recognizes as Mrs. Barrymore's brother Ethel Seldon , having a family dinner. Oddly enough, neither of the men seems to panic at this. Afterward, Holmes arrives and examines the case so far. An invitation arrives for Sir Henry, asking him to dinner at Merripit Hall. Suspecting a trap, Watson goes along with Sir Henry while Holmes observes carefully. Mrs. Stapleton resumes her bizarre acts and begins to vomit pale-blue liquid over Sir Henry, whilst Mr. Stapleton's chihuahua urinates in Watson's soup. Ordered to leave in disgrace, the Stapletons, Dr. Mortimer, Mr. Frankland , and his wife Mary  follow Sir Henry and Watson to kill them, but become trapped in a quagmire. Holmes then proceeds to reveal that the Hound is no more than a large, rather friendly Irish wolfhound owned by the late Sir Charles Baskerville, whose excited barking was misinterpreted as a monstrous beast. He also states that the dog is the sole heir of Sir Charles. With the dog gone, the would-be murderers would have gained the Baskerville fortune and the estate. The film ends on the pianist, who is then hit by vegetables from the audience."] [' The film tells the story of Nick Rivers , a US pop singer , who goes to East Germany to perform at a cultural festival. While there, he becomes involved in the French resistance movement and helps the beautiful Hillary Flammond  rescue her father , a brilliant scientist being held by the East Germans and forced to build the deadly Polaris naval mine. The film also features short performances by Omar Sharif as Agent Cedric, and Peter Cushing as a Swedish bookstore proprietor, in a scene filmed completely in reverse.'] ['The operational conditions on the boundless open spaces of the Far-Northern Galaxy have rapidly become complicated. On secret planets, persons of unknown nationality  have set up manufacture of illegal alcohol on a galactic scale and are preparing an act of aggression against the peaceful planet Marabu. To carry out a series of covert search missions the command sends two jedi - experienced workers of the Special Hare Krishna sect. As their first step in solving the problem, the jedi land on a space-station of the alcohol pirates to investigate, but they are ambushed and forced to battle their way out through various silly robots and kolobkis . By the time the heroes escape from the space-station and reach the capital with the help of a local Chukchi rapper, the angry bourgeois occupy the peaceful planet. The jedi rescue the queen Zadolbala and escape on a stolen pepelats . During their escape, the spacecraft is damaged and heroically fixed in-flight by Vedroid  model E2-E4, and are forced to make a landing on the planet Babooine . While visiting the store of a local Jewish Mossad trader, the jedi and the rapper meet a local boy, Anykey Skovorodker  whose father was also rumored to be a jedi. To aid his father\'s coworkers, Anykey takes part in the Crazy Taxi Races, , during which he is nearly beaten by Grytsko Schumacher. On Babooin, the jedi also fight Javded (a strange man with red skin and small horns, who attacked the jedi after not being satisfied by them not wearing any hats. After failing to sway the politicians of the galactic Duma , the queen of Marabu develops a plan for operation "Storm in a Glass" . Two divisions of underwater deer-herders, hidden in a fighter Anykey - everything sets up against the provisional government of bourgeois and their army of electronic dummies. During one of the fights, the jedi once again meet with the "red unmannered man" who attacks them once again  for not wearing any hats. He is behalved and his lower half of the body  are identified, while it is a mystery to whom the other half belongs. Only in the "God\'s Spark" version of the film does it become clear who is Anykey\'s real father - it is Pogon, who admits to have "known"  Anykey\'s mother, and later openly explains that Anykey is his only son.'] ["The film begins in a high-class London restaurant named 'Bastards', staffed by the protagonist, waiter Alex . Alex is subject to the daily contempt and disgust of the upper-class customers, and is eventually fired for being obnoxious and rude to the clientele. After witnessing an act of terrorism on an embassy, he robs a benefits office and goes on the run with his new friend. Meanwhile, Nosher Powell plays the Home Secretary, a menacing, beer-swilling, fornicating, lovable lout who has his own no-nonsense way of dealing with trouble, usually with his fists. He's the darling of the voters, the press and the gorgeous Fiona , a glamorous KGB agent. He was also the one who ended the terrorist situation that Alex witnessed earlier in the movie. However, Nosher has enemies, including the sinister Commander Fortune , who plots a people's revolution with a difference, and General Karprov  and Spider , who plot to derail the Home Secretary's campaign of becoming Prime Minister. After assembling a four-person team of would-be anarchists, Alex returns to 'Bastards' and lays waste to the clientele and staff. He begins serving them up to other rich people in their new restaurant, 'Eat the Rich'. When Commander Fortune and Spider find out about these changes to the menu, they formulate a plot to get rid of the conservative Home Secretary for good."] ["Katherine  is an English photographer who, with her husband Patrick , came to live at a coastal town on Rhodes before the tourists discovered it. Their thirteen-year-old daughter Chloe  grew up there, and even though Kath and Patrick have separated, they have both stayed on. He supports himself through his sculpture pieces, which Kath despises, and she, by her photography books featuring antiquities and peasant life, which he finds fuddy-duddy. Kath needs money; her latest book isn't selling. She will be forced to give up her house and leave the island she loves unless she can find a buyer for a vase that was given to her many years earlier by a famous, now elderly art historian, Basil Sharp ([[Sebastian Shaw , who arrives for a visit. Katherine's widowed friend Penelope  regards the tourists as enemies, an army of occupation, and battles with her son Yanni, who appreciates the prosperity the tourists bring. Rick , a practical-minded Englishman, fixes Kath's toilet, and becomes smitten by Kath after she rewards him with a passionate kiss. His wife Carol  occupies herself with Byron's poetry and the tourist-loving Yanni. The group is completed by Konstantinis , a wealthy Greek-American who wants to buy Kath's vase, but needs it to be declared a fake so that he can take it out of Greece."] ["Uptight Mark  and his good natured friend and follower Brian  hope to save the planet from global warming  by setting out on the world's first Carbon Neutral, Vegetarian, Organic expedition to the North Pole. Unfortunately they have no experience whatsoever and after shooting their cameraman after a misunderstanding, soon find themselves in a life and death race against a cocky gay  Norwegian team led by Alexander Skarsgård. Providing logistical support from the UK HQ  are Brian's wife, Sandra, and Mark's second best friend, Graham, a keen CB radio enthusiast. The documentary director, played by Helen Baxendale, does her best to make sure no one actually dies during the making of the documentary, but is way out of her depth."] ['The film is about an extremely sadistic and patriotic American soldier named Sam Harper who is killed by friendly fire in Kuwait during Desert Storm. He is brought back to life on the Fourth of July, as Uncle Sam. He then proceeds to wreak havoc on the unsuspecting, yet unpatriotic citizens of his hometown.'] ['Joseph Stalin  spent his last night in the arms of the Australian Joan . The story describes how their "love-child" brought Australia to the brink of civil war.'] ["The plot of the film features the KVWN Channel Four News team, led by Ron Burgundy and Veronica Corningstone, investigating an extremist organization known as The Alarm Clock who are robbing banks while trying to convey a message they haven't figured out yet."] ['Jimmy  and Fletch  are two friends living in London experiencing life problems. Jimmy is dumped by his girlfriend and Fletch is fired from his job as a clown. They decide to escape their woes and hike to a remote village in Norfolk they find on an old map. As they arrive at a pub in the village, with Jimmy upset about Fletch destroying his phone, they see a number of attractive foreign female history students leaving. Hoping to find more beautiful women inside, they are greeted by a morose crowd of men and approached by a seemingly crazed vicar  who believes Jimmy is a long lost descendant of a local vampire slayer. As the barman offers the two men free ale as an apology for the vicar, they learn the students they saw earlier are going to a cottage - where they are to stay the night. Jimmy and Fletch pursue the students\' bus, catching up to it as the engine has broken down, and are introduced to four girls . They are invited to join a party on the bus. The group arrives at their destination, only to learn that a curse rests over the village and that every female child turns into a lesbian vampire on her eighteenth birthday. There is an old legend stating that the Vampire Queen, Carmilla, descended on the village, killed its menfolk and seduced its women to her evil. When the ruler of the land, Baron Wolfgang Mclaren  returned from the Crusades, he discovered one of the women corrupted by Carmilla was his wife, Eva. The baron forged a sacred sword, then defeated Carmilla, but before dying, Carmilla cursed the village, adding that when the blood of the last of Mclaren\'s bloodline mixed with a virgin girl\'s blood, Carmilla would be resurrected. Fletch and Jimmy spend the night with the women. Heidi, Anke and Trudi are turned into vampires. After Lotte insists that the others try to find her missing friends, they witness Trudi being turned. Eva, Carmilla\'s mistress, tries to draw Lotte to her growing clan of lesbian vampires. The trio runs back into the cottage after killing vampires Heidi and Anke and barricade themselves in after the vampires destroy the bus. Jimmy\'s ex-girlfriend Judi arrives at the door and Jimmy, not ready to give up on the relationship, takes her into the bedroom. Lotte reveals to Fletch that she is a virgin and wants to sleep with Jimmy. At the church, the Vicar researches the vampire slayer who killed Carmilla before arming himself and setting off to find Jimmy. Judi reveals herself to be a vampire, and after a struggle, Fletch and Jimmy kill her. The vampires approach the cottage and Jimmy inadvertently invites them in. Eva discovers that Jimmy is the descendant of the baron who killed Carmilla and that Lotte is a virgin and kidnaps them. The Vicar saves Fletch from Trudi and tells Fletch the truth about the village and Jimmy\'s identity. They go after Jimmy and Lotte in the Vicar\'s crucifix-covered car. As the vampires prepare to sacrifice Lotte and Jimmy, Fletch and the Vicar try to recover the sword of Daeldo, the sword that killed Carmilla, from the baron\'s tomb. While Fletch works to open the tomb, the Vicar checks on his daughter Rebecca, but does not notice that she has been turned. Rebecca attempts to seduce Fletch, who does not know what she is. When she attacks him, she is inadvertently impaled on the sword. Fletch decides not to tell the Vicar of his daughter\'s death. At Carmilla\'s tomb, Lotte reveals her love for Jimmy. The vampires begin draining the two of their blood to resurrect Carmilla. With the sword, Fletch and the Vicar drive to Carmilla\'s tomb. When they enter the woods, they bring various weapons, but forget the sword. Despite not having the sword, the pair reach Jimmy and Lotte. The Vicar releases them, but not before enough blood gathers to resurrect Carmilla. The Vicar sacrifices himself so the others can get back to the car and the sword. Eva separates Lotte from the men, attacking and seducing her. Lotte fights back while Fletch and Jimmy fetch weapons. Lotte kills Eva with her cross necklace, infuriating Carmilla. Fletch tries to kill Carmilla before Lotte is turned, but is captured himself. Jimmy saves them by hurling the sword at Carmilla, piercing her heart and destroying her for good. With the curse lifted, the three survivors decide to continue ridding the world of evil. The film ends with the shot of a "Gay Werewolf" howling before the full moon.'] ['{{Unreferenced}} James "The Grim Reaper" Roper , the undefeated heavyweight boxing champ of the world, defeats his latest challenger with ease and visits an after-party thrown by the Rev. Fred Sultan , a conniving and manipulative businessman who also acts as Roper\'s fight promoter. The Sultan relays some bad news to everyone: The fight was a financial flop. He deduces the reason that boxing events have become far less profitable is because audience members are sick of watching only black boxers fight each other. The Sultan predicts that a white contender, even one without a viable chance of winning, would create a huge payday for all involved in the fight , and he vows to either find or "create" a white contender in no time at all. After failing to find a white boxer currently in the sport suitable by any means, he discovers that Roper actually lost to a white boxer, Terry Conklin , back in his amateur days. The Sultan and his unethical crew  find Conklin in Cleveland, where he fronts a heavy metal band, advocates peace and Buddhism, and constantly preaches progressive social issues. Conklin is uninterested in returning to boxing to face Roper, though he is eventually coaxed through ego-stroking by the Sultan and a promise of $10 million to help his quest in eradicating homelessness. Conklin arrives in Las Vegas, where he is "cleaned up," and starts to train for his return to the ring. Thanks to shady dealing, Conklin suddenly is named the No. 8 challenger in the world. Boxing pundits  and officials easily see the scam unfolding and label the fight a disgrace. No matter, though, as the prospect of a white vs. black fight appears to be as lucrative as first hoped. Conklin gets in shape quickly, regaining some of his old form, while Roper dismisses the fight as a joke - to the point where he puts on 25 pounds and is barely able to run after an ice cream truck. Meanwhile, crusading television journalist Mitchell Kane  has finally gathered enough evidence to disgrace the unethical Sultan, but at the last moment, Kane is seduced by power and joins the Sultan\'s squad. As the Sultan\'s ego grows, Kane sees an opportunity to usurp him in power. Though Conklin was never believed to stand a chance in the fight, Kane recognizes that Conklin may actually win, and has Conklin sign with him, rather than the Sultan. Throughout all this, the true top contender to the heavyweight title, Marvin Shabazz, is repeatedly denied his rightful chance to a fight, and he proceeds to cause a headache for everyone involved in the hype scam. The Sultan and his crew  heavily promote the fight and publicize the white vs. black angle, even fabricating an Irish ancestor for Conklin. The racism angle works, and money starts to pour in. On the fight day, millions tune into Pay-Per-View for the fight, and Kane is confident about a new era beginning with a Conklin upset. The fight begins, and Conklin gets in only one good punch before the out-of-shape Roper easily dispatches his foe - which was the plan all along. Conklin quits boxing again; Kane\'s plan falls short; the Sultan cleans up financially; Roper\'s critics are silenced; and Shabazz, refusing to wait any longer, attacks the champ inside the ring. As the two fistfight, the Sultan screams to not give away something they can sell. Shabazz then knocks out Roper during their ongoing melee inside the ring, Sultan then steps over Roper\'s unconscious body, and promotes the next fight—Shabazz vs Roper.'] ["In this spoof of reality television, five recovering drug and alcohol addicts try to live in a house together during the holidays. The movie follows the participants as they attempt to stay clean and sober for Christmas, while the network's quest for ratings may endanger their recovery."] ['The film follows the concept of a play within a play, in this case a dreadful farce Nothing On — the type of production in which many doors continually open and shut. The setting has been transplanted from the backcountry of Great Britain to Des Moines, Iowa, where a second-rate theatrical troupe is preparing to perform the Broadway-bound play under the direction of Lloyd Fellowes. Among the cast members are fading star Dotty Otley, scatter-brained actor Garry Lejuene, insecure matinee hearthrob Frederick Dallas, myopic leading lady Brooke Ashton, second female lead Belinda Blair, and alcoholic character actor Selsdon Mawbray. Frantically working behind the scenes are Tim Allgood and Poppy Taylor. The film opens with the final dress rehearsal before opening night, with the cast still forgetting lines, missing cues, and mishandling props. Lloyd is reduced to cajoling, yelling at, and pleading with them to get things right. Complicating matters are the personal problems and backstage relationships that have fostered jealousy and petty squabbling and intruded upon any professionalism this motley crew can muster. As the company works its way to New York City, the eccentricities of the cast come to the fore and the performances on the road dissolve into chaos on and backstage.'] ['Havoc is wrought on the inhabitants of a small New England town by a troubled film production. After the leading man\'s penchant for teenage girls gets them banished from their New Hampshire location, a film crew relocates to the small town of Waterford, Vermont, to finish shooting "The Old Mill." As its title suggests, the film depends on the presence of a genuine mill, something the town is reported to possess. Unfortunately, with only days before principal photography begins, it becomes apparent that the mill in fact burned down decades ago. Unfazed, the film\'s director, Walt Price , places his faith in the ability of first-time screenwriter Joseph Turner White  to alter the script; what he doesn\'t count on is White\'s apparently bottomless reserve of angst-fueled writer\'s block. The film\'s leading lady  refuses to do her contracted nude scene unless she\'s paid an additional $800,000, while a foreign cinematographer offends the locals by messing with a historic firehouse. Meanwhile, the leading man, Bob Barrenger , dallies with Carla , a crafty local teen. Everything comes to a head after Barrenger and Carla are injured in a car accident, which leads White  to another emotional quandary and into the arms of local bookseller Annie Black . Meanwhile a powerful movie producer  comes to town to help Price with the ensuing mess.'] 