[' In September 2012, military virologist Lieutenant Colonel Robert Neville  is the last healthy and immune human in New York City. A genetically-engineered variant of the measles virus created by Dr. Alice Krippin , meant as a cure for cancer, had mutated into a lethal strain. It spread throughout the world, killing 90% of humanity. Most survivors became predatory, vampiric{{cite web}} beingsThe DVD/Blu-Ray subtitles refer to the infected as hemocytes&nbsp;– actually a cell type found in an insect\'s immune system. called "Darkseekers" that emerge after dusk to prey on those immune to the virus. In December 2009, Neville had lost his wife Zoe  and daughter Marley  in a helicopter accident during a chaotic quarantine of Manhattan.  Neville\'s daily routine includes experimenting on infected rats to find a cure for the virus and trips through a decaying Manhattan to collect supplies or hunt for deer. He keeps vigil each day for a response to his recorded AM radio broadcasts, which instruct any survivors to meet him at midday at the South Street Seaport. Neville\'s isolation is broken only by the companionship of his pet German Shepherd Samantha and interaction with mannequins he has set up as patrons of a video store. To test a treatment, Neville sets a snare trap and captures an infected woman. An enraged mutated alpha male attempts to rescue her, but is driven back by the sunlight. In the laboratory in his heavily fortified Washington Square Park home, Neville tries the new serum on the infected woman, seemingly without success. The next day, after finding one of his mannequins moved out in the street in front of Grand Central Terminal, Neville is caught in a snare trap and passes out. He regains consciousness at dusk and frees himself, but a pack of infected dogs attack Neville and Sam. Although Neville and Sam kill the dogs, an infected dog bites Sam during the fight. Neville brings Sam home and attempts to save the dog by injecting a strain of his serum, but it is too late, as Sam starts to mutate, which then forces Neville to kill her. Overwhelmed by grief and rage of the loss of his dog, Neville attacks a group of the infected on the seaport the following night with his SUV. He kills many, but they overwhelm and nearly kill him before he is rescued by a pair of immune humans, a woman named Anna  and a boy named Ethan , who followed his radio broadcasts. Anna and Ethan take him back to his home. Anna explains that they are making their way to a survivors\' camp in Bethel, Vermont. Neville does not believe that such a camp exists and expresses doubt when Anna says that God told her about it. The following night, the alpha male leads an infected mob in an attack on Neville\'s house. Anna, who was unaware of Neville\'s precautions in covering his scent outside the house, inadvertently allowed the infected to follow their trail. As the infected charge the house, Neville stops the first wave with claymore mines, but finds himself defenseless against the second wave. As Neville tries to find Anna and Ethan, an infected enters and attacks him. The infected retreats upstairs and begins tearing a hole in the roof so others can get in. After Neville saves Anna and Ethan, they retreat into the laboratory. They seal themselves in a reinforced plexiglass room with the infected woman, and discover that Neville\'s treatment is working; the subject looks much more human. The infected break in and the alpha male begins to throw himself against the plexiglass, cracking it. Neville draws a vial of the infected woman\'s blood and gives it to Anna before shutting them inside a coal chute in the back of the lab. He detonates an M67 grenade to destroy the attackers at the cost of his own life. Anna and Ethan arrive at the survivors\' colony, where Anna hands over the antidote. Anna later states that the survivors are Neville\'s legacy, as his fight for a cure became legend.'] ['British animal liberation activists break into a laboratory in Cambridge and are caught by a scientist while trying to free some chimpanzees being used for medical research. Despite the warnings of the chief scientist that the chimps are infected with a virus dubbed "Rage," which he claims is highly contagious and only takes one bite to spread, the activists open the cages anyway and release the chimpanzees. A chimp attacks a female activist and immediately infects her, and she in turn infects the other members of the group, including the chief scientist when he attempts to kill her. 28 days after the events, a bicycle courier named Jim  awakens from a coma in St Thomas\' Hospital. He finds the hospital deserted and seemingly empty. He finds a medical suit and dresses. Outside, he discovers London deserted with signs of catastrophe everywhere. Jim then wanders into a seemingly abandoned church, only to alert a small group of Rage-infected people who were hiding there. As he tries to approach a priest who\'s been infected, they spot him and try to attack him, giving chase. At the last minute, he is saved by Selena  and Mark , who throw Molotov cocktails at Jim\'s pursuers, resulting in the blowing up of a petrol station. Afterwards, they rush him to their hideout in the London Underground. There they reveal that while Jim was comatose from his accident, an unknown virus spread uncontrollably among the populace, turning most people into rabid, psychotic "infected," resulting in societal collapse. They also explain that infection has been reported in Paris and New York City. The next morning, Selena and Mark accompany Jim to his parents\' house in Deptford where he discovers that they have committed suicide, leaving a note for him. That night, two of the infected see a candle Jim lights in the kitchen and attack. Mark is badly cut and covered in infected blood; Selena quickly kills him, later explaining to Jim that the Rage virus overwhelms its victims in no more than 20 seconds. This necessitates the immediate killing of people who may have been infected. She also assures him that, should he get infected, she would kill him "in a heartbeat." After leaving, they discover two more survivors, Frank  a cab driver, and his teenage daughter, Hannah , holed up in a block of flats, and are invited to spend the rest of the night with them. Frank informs them the next day that supplies, particularly water, are dwindling, and plays them a pre-recorded radio broadcast apparently transmitted by an Army blockade near Manchester, who claim to have "the answer to infection" and invite any survivor to try to reach their safe haven. The survivors board Frank\'s cab in search of the signal source and during the trip bond with one another in various situations. When the four reach the deserted blockade, Frank is infected when a drop of blood from a dead body falls into his eye. As he succumbs, he is killed by the arriving soldiers, who then take the remaining group to a fortified mansion under the command of Major Henry West . After settling in the mansion, West promises the three protection from the infected. However, Jim quickly discovers that West\'s "answer to infection" involves waiting for the infected to starve to death, and his broadcast of the radio message was launched to attract female survivors into sexual slavery to rebuild the population with his platoon\'s members. Jim attempts to escape with Selena and Hannah, but is captured by the soldiers, along with a Sergeant Farrell , who disagrees with the major\'s plan and tried to stop the other soldiers from imprisoning the group. During their imprisonment, Farrell theorizes that there is no worldwide pandemic, and that only Great Britain has been quarantined, which is proved when a plane flies over, possibly a NATO plane scouting the land. The next day, Selena and Hannah are made to dress in evening wear and prepare for rape, as two soldiers lead Jim and Farrell to be executed. After his escorts quarrel after killing Farrell, Jim manages to escape and notices the contrail of a jet aircraft flying high overhead, which largely confirms Farrell\'s theory. After luring West and one of his men to the blockade and ambushing them, Jim runs back to the soldiers\' headquarters where he unleashes Mailer, an infected soldier whom West kept chained outside for observation. Mailer attacks the soldiers in the mansion, while Jim sets out to rescue the girls, who had been split up in the chaos. Selena, held hostage by Corporal Mitchell , is then rescued by Jim, who arrives and savagely kills Mitchell with his bare hands. Selena mistakes Jim for an infected and raises her machete to kill him, but when she hesitates, Jim remarks, "That was longer than a heartbeat." The two kiss, reunite with Hannah, and run to Frank\'s cab, only to encounter a vengeful West, who shoots Jim in the stomach. Hannah commandeers the cab and backs it up to the front door, where Mailer drags West out through the rear window and kills him. She then drives away with Jim and Selena. Selena and Hannah rush Jim to a deserted hospital, where Selena performs life-saving emergency procedures, but to no avail, as he falls into the coma again. They leave with his body. 28 days later, Jim is shown waking up in recovery again, this time at a remote cottage. Downstairs, he finds Selena sewing large swaths of fabric when Hannah appears. The three rush outside and unfurl a huge cloth banner, adding the final letter to the word "HELLO" laid out on the meadow. As a lone Hawker Hunter T.7 fighter jet flies over the landscape, infected people are shown lying by the side of a road, dying of starvation. The jet flies past the three waving survivors and their distress sign and calls in a rescue helicopter. As it flies away Selena says with a smile, "Do you think they saw us this time?"'] ["During the original outbreak of the Rage Virus, Don, his wife Alice and four other survivors are hiding in a barricaded cottage on the outskirts of London with food and water left for only a few days. They hear a terrified boy, who is running away from the infected, pounding at their door. They let him in and give him some food to eat. He explains that his own parents tried to kill him. Another survivor named Karen checks outside through a peephole, but one of the infected attacks her and bites her on the arm. Survivor Jacob tries to save her, but Karen attacks him as well. Alice takes the boy upstairs, Jacob and an elderly couple hide in the barn, and Don defends them and kills a few of the infected with a crowbar. In the barn, the couple is attacked, and Jacob tries to save a woman named Sally, to no avail. He locks himself in the attic and finds his way outside. Alice and the boy lock themselves in the room, but the infected find and attack them. Don finds them, but escapes through the window, leaving them to be attacked by the infected. He runs through fields, as a horde of infected pursue him. He finds Jacob near a motorboat; Don starts it, but Jacob falls down and is infected as Don escapes. After five weeks, all the infected have died of starvation. After eleven weeks, NATO forces headed by the US take control of Great Britain. After eighteen weeks the island is declared relatively safe, although still under quarantine. Twenty-eight weeks after the outbreak, an American-led force, under the command of Brigadier General Stone, bring in settlers to re-populate the area. Among the new arrivals are Tammy and Andy, Don and Alice's children, who were in Spain on a school trip during the initial outbreak. They are subsequently admitted to District One, a safe zone guarded by the US Army, on the Isle of Dogs. As they are examined by Major Scarlet Levy, the district's chief medical officer, she notes Andy's differently coloured eyes, a trait inherited from his mother. Sergeant Doyle, a Delta sniper and his friend, helicopter pilot Chief Flynn, are amongst the military presence charged with guarding the district. The children are reunited with their father, who had survived the original infection and was found by the US army, and who has become the district's senior maintenance engineer. In their new flat, Don explains what happened and that after he escaped, he arrived in a military camp and waited with the soldiers through the weeks. The next day, Tammy and Andy, mournful over the loss of their mother, leave the safe zone and proceed to the depopulated London wasteland area to their former house on a scooter, hoping to retrieve and take their old belongings with them. To their shock, they find their mother in a semi-conscious state. Doyle had seen the two children leave the safe zone; they and their mother are subsequently picked up by soldiers and returned to the district. Tammy and Andy are taken back to their living quarters while Alice is taken to a biohazard room where she is tested and found to be an asymptomatic carrier of the Rage Virus, with the virus inside her but with no symptoms. Later that day, Don sneaks through the security and makes an unauthorized visit to Alice in her isolation cell and asks forgiveness for abandoning her at the cottage. When they kiss, however, the Rage Virus in her saliva immediately infects Don, who savagely kills her before going on a rampage, killing and infecting several soldiers in the building. General Stone orders the building to be quarantined and District One to be put into Code Red Lock-down, and civilians are herded into safe rooms. Despite the precautions, Don breaks into a room containing a large crowd and begins killing and infecting them, quickly causing a domino effect of attackers. Scarlet rescues Tammy and Andy from containment as the soldiers in District One are ordered to shoot indiscriminately. Doyle, unable to bring himself to comply with the order, abandons his post and escapes with Scarlet, the children and others through the Greenwich foot tunnel. General Stone then orders that District One be firebombed, but large numbers of the infected, including Don, escape the bombardment. Scarlet informs Doyle that the children may hold the key to a cure and must be protected at all costs. Flynn arrives by helicopter to pick up Doyle, but refuses to take anyone else as they would be shot down if carrying possibly infected people. Flynn contacts Doyle by radio and tells him to head to Wembley Stadium, but to leave the civilians. Doyle ignores his instructions and begins escorting the civilians to Wembley, breaking into an abandoned car to escape nerve gas released to kill the infected. He is burned alive by soldiers as he tries to push start the car. Scarlet drives the car away, but a military chopper tries to blow them up; she manages to escape the chopper with the kids. She drives them into the London Underground where, as the trio continue on foot, she is ambushed and killed by Don who then attacks and bites Andy. Tammy shoots Don before he can kill Andy who remains symptom-free, but with darker, bloodier eyes, like his mother. The children continue to the Stadium and are picked up by a reluctant Flynn, who flies them across the English Channel to France, as previously instructed by Doyle. 28 days after the events, a French-accented voice requesting help is heard from the radio in Flynn's abandoned helicopter. A group of infected are seen running through a tunnel which, as they emerge into the open, is revealed to be the exit of the Paris Métro Trocadéro station with a view of the nearby Eiffel Tower, meaning that the infection spread around Europe."] ["In 2008, the Reaper virus infects Scotland and is being walled off by the British government. A Scottish woman begs soldiers retreating by helicopter to take her injured little girl with them, but the helicopter is already overloaded. One of the soldiers sacrifices his place for the girl who has suffered an eye injury from the firefight but is uninfected. The quarantine is deemed a success, with the remaining Scottish population and the virus apparently dying off. In the decades after, diplomatic relations between Great Britain and the rest of the world is destroyed because of genocidal quarantine, causing a depression and civil unrest. During a raid by the police, they find Reaper Virus victims in a ghetto in London. Prime Minister Hatcher and his right-hand-man Canaris share with domestic security chief Captain Nelson news of survivors in Scotland, and they believe a cure may exist. They order him to send a team into Scotland to find medical researcher Dr. Kane, who was working on a cure when Scotland was quarantined. Nelson chooses Major Eden Sinclair, the little girl now grown up, to lead the team. North of the wall, while searching for any survivors in a hospital, Sinclair and her team are ambushed by a gang of Marauders. After losing numerous members of their group including both APCs, Sinclair and Dr. Talbot are captured and Sgt. Norton and Dr. Stirling manage to escape the attack. Sinclair is interrogated and tortured by the gang's leader, Sol and Dr. Talbot is barbecued alive. During Talbot's immolation, Sinclair manages to escape with another prisoner, Cally, and kill Viper, Sol's lover. After meeting back up with Sgt. Norton and Dr. Stirling, they make their escape via a train, driven by Joshua, Cally's friend. They are surrounded by Kane's medieval soldiers, Joshua is killed, and the rest are taken prisoner. Kane informs Sinclair of the truth, there is no cure, just people immune and sentences her and her group to death. Sinclair defeats Kane's executioner Telamon, while the others escape from the prison. The remaining survivors retreat to an underground facility and find a Bentley in storage. Norton is killed by Kane's men, but the others drive back to the quarantine wall. After a long, high-speed road battle with Sol's Marauders, Sinclair is tracked down a government gunship and discovers Canaris' true plan. Cally and Sinclair go in the gunship, while Sinclair then chooses to stay behind instead of returning to London. Nelson flies into the quarantine zone to speak with her and she gives him a recording of the conversation. In the end Sinclair delivers Sol's head to the marauders and they cheer, while the recording is broadcast to the country."] 