['Against the backdrop of the Bourbon Restoration, Lombard aristocrat Fulvio Imbriani, a former political extremist who once served under Napoleon, is finally released from an Austrian jail, after a lengthy sentence for his part in the secret Sublime Brotherhood. He strives to resume normal family life, but his Hungarian lover, Charlotte, together with his ex-comrades, succeeds in convincing him to take part in a revolutionary cause in the south. In fact, Fulvio considers the effort futile and fails to stop his sister Esther from reporting the conspirators. But the trap fails to catch the intended prey and, evading arrest, the comrades meet and bury Charlotte, who was killed in an exchange of fire with the gendarmerie. Fulvio is still with them, despite repeated attempts to get out of what he was sure would be a fiasco. On arriving south, Fulvio goes ahead to scout the land where he betrays his red shirted comrades to a priest who tells the authorities. However Fulvio is tricked by the sole survivor of the party that the revolt has succeeded. He puts on his discarded red shirt to be killed alongside his comrades, massacred by the soldiers and peasants.'] ["Set in the period between 1784 and 1789, the film portrays Jefferson as an ambassador at Versailles prior to the French Revolution. French liberals and intellectuals hope he will lead them away from the corruption of the court of King Louis XVI and Marie-Antoinette and toward a more democratic form of government. Although deploring the poverty of the common people, he embraces the riches of French culture and civilization. It is his first time abroad, and he takes advantage of the opportunity to extend his knowledge of liberal arts and science while absorbing the refinements France has to offer. A lonely widower, Jefferson develops a close friendship with beautiful Anglo-Italian painter and musician Maria Cosway. Although she becomes increasingly devoted to him, his attachments to the memory of his wife, to whom he promised never to marry again, and to his two daughters, especially the elder, possessive Patsy, prevent him from fully committing to the relationship. At the same time, he succumbs to his attraction to his younger daughter Polly's nurse Sally Hemings, his wife's half-sister sired by her father with one of his mulatto slaves. Sally's brother James is in Paris as well, learning to prepare French cuisine for Monticello. When George Washington offers Jefferson the post of Secretary of State, he accepts and prepares to sail home with his family. But James, having enjoyed his freedom in Paris, is not willing to return to the United States and urges Sally to remain with him. It is only when Jefferson promises he will give James and Sally - who is pregnant with Jefferson's child - their freedom that they consent to leave with him."] ['A German high school student, Sonja  wins an essay contest and goes on a trip to Paris. Martin Wegmus begins teaching physics at Sonja\'s school and one of Sonja\'s classmates falls in love with him. Almost by luck, Mr. Wegmus and Sonja kiss. The teacher promises to return for her. The next year, she enters the contest again. She chooses "My Town During the Third Reich" from the possible topics. Her research leads her to discover that her picture-perfect town had been intimately involved in the Third Reich and that nearly all of the city\'s prominent families were members of the Nazi party long before it came to power. As she digs further, local authorities stonewall her efforts. Sonja persists and learns that there had been eight concentration camps in the area and that all the Jews were forced out of the town and had their property confiscated. Sonja marries Martin, and the townsfolk think Sonja has dropped the issue of Nazi involvement. Sonja bears Martin two daughters and studies history at the University. She resumes her research into the town\'s Nazi past, and wins court cases granting her access to archives. She still has to employ trickery to get the information she wants, however. In response, her town\'s hostility grows from verbal abuse, to death threats to physical assaults as they attempt to silence her with increasing desperation, but nothing deters her. Meanwhile, her husband feels emasculated as he\'s forced to take care of the children. The family survives a bomb from the angry townsfolk, but Sonja keeps up her research. At the end, the townspeople change their tune, even putting a bust of Sonja at the town hall. Sonja sees this as a means to silence her and rejects the honor.'] ["In 1933, Freya Roth  is a young German girl engaged to a Nazi party member . When she realizes the true nature of his political views, she breaks the engagement and turns her attention to anti-Nazi Martin Breitner . Her father is a professor, who does not abide by the attitude of the new regime towards scientific fact. His reluctance to conform to the racial theories that were favoured by the regime leads at first to a boycott of his classes and eventually to his capture. He is imprisoned and made to work. Freya and the her mother are permitted a five minute visit in which the professor urges them to leave the country. He dies soon after. Later, trying to flee the Nazi regime, Freya and Martin attempt to ski across the border to safety in Austria. Freya is gunned down by the Nazis . Martin, at her request, picks her up and skis into Austria so she can die in a free country. When her step-brothers are informed of her fate, one expresses dissatisfaction that Breitner was able to escape and persist in free-thinking. The second step brother responds with the words, 'thank God'. There is an ensuing scene in which the dialogue is replayed from earlier in the film when the family was still united."] ["This story follows a young student, who is orphaned as she grows to adulthood in the shadow of the 1956 Hungarian uprising. Coming from the Communist intelligentsia, she sees her friends and family react differently. Her lover, a married factory manager, supports the patriots and later assists fellow workers in staging a strike. Meanwhile her sister and others express anger at being forced from their homes during the revolution and continue to express a hatred for the rebels afterwards. But in the end they realize that for all people, real life is not possible after the revolt and its brutal suppression by the Soviets and their collaborators. A particularly surreal scene involves a New Year's Eve party in which the participants wear costumes. An intoxicated woman yells anti-government curses out of the window. Within a very short time police arrive and look suspiciously at the guests, who are all wearing ridiculous costumes."] ['The video begins with interviews with Kiri and her peers about how \'black\' features did not conform to society\'s standards of beauty. The next section was a repeat of an experiment conducted by Kenneth Clark in the 1940s where African-American children were asked to choose between black or white dolls. In the original experiment the majority of the children choose the white dolls. When Davis repeated the experiment 15 out of 21 children also choose the white dolls over the black, giving similar reasons as the original subjects, associating white with being "pretty" or "good" and black with "ugly" or "bad". The dolls used in the documentary were identical except for skin colour.'] ['{{Plot}} In the Cambodian capital, Phnom Penh during May 1973, the Cambodian national army is fighting a civil war with the communist Khmer Rouge, a result of the Vietnam War overspilling that country’s borders. Dith Pran, a Cambodian journalist and interpreter for The New York Times, awaits the arrival of reporter Sydney Schanberg at the city\'s airport but leaves suddenly. Schanberg, whose flight arrives three hours late, takes a cab to his hotel where he meets up with Al Rockoff . Pran meets Schanberg later and tells him that an incident has occurred in a town, Neak Leung; allegedly, an American B-52 has bombed the town by mistake. Schanberg and Pran try to find transport. Pran is able to sneak them both onto a police boat. It that takes them to Neak Leung where they find that the town has been bombed and hundreds killed and wounded, including women and children. Schanberg and Pran are arrested when they try to photograph the execution of two Khmer Rouge operatives by Cambodian army officers. They are eventually released and Schanberg is furious when the international press corps arrives with the U.S. Army to report a sanitised version of the story. Two years later, in 1975, the embassies are being evacuated in anticipation of the arrival of the Khmer Rouge. Schanberg secures evacuation for Pran, his wife and their four children. However, Pran insists that he would stay behind to help Schanberg, but Pran\'s family leaves. The Khmer Rouge move into the capital, ostensibly in peace. During a parade through the city, Schanberg, suspicious of the positive way the Khmer Rouge are being welcomed, meets Rockoff, who tells him that he had just come from an area where heavy fighting was taking place. They are later met by a detachment of the Khmer Rouge, who immediately arrest them. Pran is not allowed into the armoured personnel carrier at first, but is able to bribe the Khmer Rouge leader. The group is taken through the city to a back alley where prisoners are being held and executed. Pran, unharmed because he is a Cambodian civilian, negotiates with the Khmer Rouge officer in command for several hours to spare the lives of his friends. They are set free, joining the thousands of refugees fleeing the capital. They do not leave Phnom Penh, but instead retreat to the French embassy and stay there for several days, awaiting their chance to evacuate. Informed that the Khmer Rouge have ordered all Cambodian citizens in the embassy to be handed over and fearing the embassy will be overrun, the embassies comply. Knowing that Pran will be imprisoned or killed, Rockoff and fellow photographer Jon Swain  of The Sunday Times try to forge a British passport for Pran. They use supplies they find in the embassy buildings; however, the picture fades. With no other options available, Pran is turned over to the Khmer Rouge and is forced to live under their totalitarian regime. Several months after returning to New York City, Schanberg is in the midst of a personal campaign to locate Pran. He has appealed to many humanitarian organisations and has kept in close contact with Pran\'s family in San Francisco. In Cambodia, Pran has become a forced labourer under the Khmer Rouge\'s "Year Zero" policy, a return to the agrarian ways of the past. Pran labours in rice fields under the watchful eyes of young children of both sexes, whom the Khmer Rouge hold in high regard as the future leaders of their regime. Pran is also forced to attend propagandist classes where many undergo re-education. As intellectuals are made to disappear, Pran feigns simple-mindedness. Eventually, he tries to escape, but is recaptured. Before he is found by members of the Khmer Rouge, he slips into a muddy cesspool filled with rotting human corpses; in doing so, he stumbles upon the infamous killing fields of the Pol Pot regime, where it murdered millions of Cambodian citizens. Sydney Schanberg receives a journalism award for his coverage of the Cambodian conflict. At the acceptance dinner he tells the audience that half the recognition for the award belongs to Pran. At the restroom, he is confronted by Rockoff who harshly accuses him of not doing enough to locate Pran and for using his friend to win the award. Schanberg defends his efforts, saying that he has contacted every humanitarian relief agency possible in the four years since Pran\'s disappearance. Rockoff suggests that Schanberg subtly pressured Pran to remain in Cambodia because Pran was so vital to Sydney\'s work. This accusation hits close to home, and Schanberg begins to wonder whether he put his own self-interest ahead of Pran\'s safety. He finally confesses that Pran "stayed because I wanted him to stay". Pran is assigned to the leader of a different prison compound, a man named Phat, and charged mostly with tending to his little boy. Pran continues his self-imposed discipline of behaving as an uneducated peasant, despite several of Phat’s attempts to trick him into revealing his knowledge of both French and English. Phat begins to trust Pran and asks him to take ward of his son in the event that he is killed. The Khmer Rouge are now engaged in a border war with Vietnam. The conflict reaches Pran\'s region and a battle ensues between the Khmer Rouge of the compound and two jets sent to destroy the camp. After the skirmish has ended, Pran discovers that Phat\'s son has American money and a map leading to safety. When Phat tries to stop the younger Khmer Rouge officers from killing several of his comrades, he is ignominiously shot. In the confusion, Pran escapes with four other prisoners and they begin a long trek through the jungle with Phat’s young son. The group later splits and three of them head in a different direction; Pran continues following the map with one of them. However, Pran’s companion steps on a hidden land mine while holding the child. Though Pran pleads with the man to give him the child, the mine goes off, killing them both. Pran mourns for a time and continues on. One day he crests the escarpment of the Dangrek Mountains and sees a Red Cross camp near the border of Thailand. The scene shifts to Schanberg calling Pran\'s family with the news that Pran is alive and safe. Soon after, Schanberg travels to the Red Cross camp and is reunited with Pran. Asking Pran to forgive him, Pran answers, with a smile, "Nothing to forgive, Sydney", as the two embrace and John Lennon\'s song Imagine is heard in the background.'] ['The movie relates the story of Ida Dalser, who fell in love with the future Italian Fascist leader, Benito Mussolini, supported him while he was unemployed in the early 1910s, and married him, presumably around 1914. She bore Mussolini a son, Benito Albino, before the outbreak of World War I. The two lost touch during the war years and, upon discovering him again in a hospital during the war, she also discovered Rachele Guidi, who had married Mussolini in 1915, and a daughter born in 1910 when Guidi and Mussolini were living together. Historically, following his political ascendency, Mussolini suppressed the information about his first marriage and he  persecuted both his first wife and oldest son and committed them forcibly to asylums. Dalser died in an asylum in Venice in 1937 at the age of 57 of brain haemorrhages and Benito Albino died in 1942 at the age of 26 in an asylum near Milan after repeated coma-inducing injections.{{Cite news}}'] ["Krishnan is an out-of-work seasonal farmer who is driven to steal coconuts from his landlord to support his family. When he is caught and imprisoned, he is shocked to learn that he has been charged with the murder of a man who has been missing from the island for many years. But since it was an election time, and the most popular platform for politicians had become capital punishment, Krishnan is sentenced to death in the country's newest technology - electrocution by the electric chair."] ['The plot involves a Rashōmon-like investigation into the life of a man who has been found dead after having been hurled from a train. As security agents, police and a medical examiner piece together his identity, three accounts emerge: one set during World War II, one in the immediate aftermath of the war, and one in contemporary Poland. In each account, the victim seems to have been a mysterious, ambiguous presence, of shifting loyalties and suspicious connections, who set himself against the powers that be. Critics attacked the film for its depiction of a world rife with secret agents and hidden enemies—a favorite Stalinist theme— while the film seems, rather, to demonstrate how heroism and villainy are often matters of point-of-view and timing.'] ['The film revolves around three young anti-capitalist activists living in Berlin city centre — Jule , her boyfriend Peter  and his best friend Jan . Jule is a waitress struggling to pay off the €100,000 debt she accumulated after crashing into a Mercedes-Benz S-Class of a wealthy businessman named Hardenberg  on a motorway. After she is evicted for paying her rent too late, she moves in with Peter and Jan, who are often out all night. When Peter takes a trip to Barcelona, Jan reveals that he and Peter spend their nights "educating" upper-class people by breaking into their houses, moving furniture around, and leaving notes with messages that say "die fetten Jahre sind vorbei" , or "Sie haben zu viel Geld" . After learning about this, Jule convinces the reluctant Jan to spontaneously break into Hardenberg\'s home in the affluent Berlin suburb of Zehlendorf, as he happens to be away on business. During the break-in, the thrill of the moment entices the two to kiss. Jan leaves Jule alone for a few minutes because he does not want to hurt his friendship with Peter. While wandering around, Jule accidentally sets off the house\'s floodlights after she goes outside and they leave in a hurry. Peter returns the next day, but Jan and Jule do not tell him about their activities the night before. Jule soon realises that she is missing her mobile phone, so Jule and Jan go off later that night to look for it in the house. Just after she finds it, Hardenberg walks in the door and he begins to struggle with Jule after recognising her. Jan, who hears the struggle, comes downstairs and knocks Hardenberg out with a flashlight. Not knowing what to do, the pair call Peter who shows up to help them. The three cannot decide what to do with Hardenberg, so they decide to take him to a remote and rarely-used cabin in the Tyrolean Austrian Alps, near Jenbach, overlooking Achensee, that belongs to Jule\'s uncle. While trying to decide how to deal with their hostage, they learn that Hardenberg was once a radical himself in the 1960s. He had been a leader of the Socialist German Student Union and was once good friends with Rudi Dutschke, before eventually marrying, getting a good job and abandoning his ideals. As the story progresses, political ideologies, but more so the characters\' relationships, become the deep issues. Peter and Jan temporarily fall out over Jan\'s now blooming romance with Jule, while Hardenberg seems to regain some sense of his former self. In the end, the three decide to take Hardenberg back to his house and let him go. As the three get ready to leave, Hardenberg hands Jule a letter, clearing all her debt and telling them that they need not worry about the police. The film ends with Peter, Jan and Jule sleeping in bed whilst a group of Spezialeinsatzkommando police amass outside the flat that Jule, Peter and Jan had been sharing, and knock on the door. Jule then wakes up when she hears a knock on the door. The police force their way into the flat which they find nearly completely empty. The film then cuts to Jule, who opens the door to a hotel maid offering to clean their room, presumably in a hotel in Barcelona. Back in the apartment in Berlin, the police find a note that reads "Manche Menschen ändern sich nie" . The original German version shows the three Edukators taking Hardenberg\'s boat into the Mediterranean to destroy the signal towers on an island that supply most of the television to Western Europe.{{cite web}}'] ['In 1961, the Soviet Union launches its first ballistic missile nuclear submarine, the K-19 — nicknamed "The Widowmaker" due to the many deaths that occurred during its construction. The ship is led by Captain Alexei Vostrikov , aided by executive officer Mikhail Polenin . Polenin, the original captain, and the crew have served together for some time but Vostrikov\'s appointment is alleged to have been aided by his wife\'s political connections . During his first inspection, Vostrikov discovers the submarine\'s reactor officer to be drunk and asleep on duty. Against Polenin\'s advice that the man is "the best reactor officer in the fleet", Vostrikov sacks the officer and orders Polenin to request a replacement. The new reactor officer  arrives direct from the naval academy and has never been to sea. Also, during the preparation period for the sub\'s launch, the ship\'s medical officer is killed when struck by an oncoming truck, and is subsequently replaced by a naval doctor  who, while being a longtime veteran, also has never served at sea, and has no experience in radiologically based illnesses. During the K-19\'s official launch, the bottle of champagne fails to break when it strikes the bow; the sailors nervously glance at each other due to this customary sign of bad luck. K-19 puts to sea for her trials. Vostrikov orders a series of diving maneuvers during which he directs Polenin to simulate a number of emergencies including fires and flooding while he times the crew\'s response. He is not happy with their performance. There are a number of minor accidents during these exercises which result in injuries to crew members. In addition, Vostrikov points out to Polenin that the crew are too slow and slipshod in their reaction and completion of these exercises. The crew begin to grumble about Vostrikov\'s demanding orders and authoritarian manner, but Polenin silences them when he visits the crew\'s quarters: "I heard there\'d been some complaining. I thought, \'Not from my crew. Not on my boat\'." Meanwhile, Vostrikov blames the officers for the crew\'s under-performance, accusing them of being soft on the men and lacking leadership. The crew\'s performance improves and Vostrikov decides to carry out the K-19\'s first mission, which is to surface in the Arctic and fire an unarmed  ballistic missile. Vostrikov orders the K-19 to submerge to maximum operational depth , then surface rapidly at full-speed to break through the Arctic pack-ice which he estimates to be no more than one metre thick. Polenin regards this maneuver as dangerous and, during the surfacing procedure, storms off the bridge. After scraping along the underside of the ice, the K-19 finally breaks through and surfaces with no apparent damage. The test missile is launched successfully and the crew are both relieved and exhilarated by Vostrikov\'s bold maneuver. The crew are allowed some time off during which they play football on the ice and a group photograph is taken. Talking privately with Polenin, the submarine\'s political officer, Suslov, expresses some confidence in Vostrikov, but Polenin asserts that the captain was "lucky today, that\'s all." K-19 then receives new orders, to sail down through the North Atlantic and patrol off the US east coast "between Washington and New York." As the K-19 sails southwards, a pipe carrying coolant to the reactor cooling system springs a leak and then bursts completely. The control rods are inserted to stop the reactor, but without coolant the reactor temperature continues to rise rapidly. Polenin and the reactor officer, Radtchenko, are shocked to discover that back-up coolant systems have not been installed. Vostrikov orders the K-19 to surface so that he may contact fleet command to inform them of the accident and await orders. But upon surfacing they discover the long-range transmitter on the conning tower is damaged and they are unable to contact fleet headquarters — Vostrikov assumes, ruefully, his surfacing maneuver in the Arctic caused the antenna damage. The reactor crew discuss options. Radtchenko informs them that if the reactor temperature exceeds 1000° Celsius it will result in a catastrophic explosion and may trigger the detonation of the submarine\'s nuclear warheads as well, and they estimate that they have three to four hours before this happens. The other option is that they try to cool down the reactor by opening it, they will be directly exposed and the whole crew would die from the radiation poisoning. Some suggest sending out a distress call on the submarine\'s short-range transmitter and abandoning and scuttling the ship. Vostrikov refuses to consider such an idea. Pavel Loktev, the senior reactor technician, suggests piping the K-19\'s drinking water into the reactor with which to cool it. But in order to do this they need to construct a system of pipes to transfer the water. Vostrikov approves the plan and the crew work feverishly, cannibalizing the submarine to construct the piping system. The final phase requires sailors to enter the radiation-filled reactor room to weld the pipes together. In order to restrict exposure to the deadly, leaking radiation, they require three teams of two, working for no more than ten minutes at a time. Vostrikov calls for volunteers. Pavel and another crewman, Anatoly Zubachev, volunteer to be the first team, but Vostrikov has to order others into the reactor. He orders Radtchenko in as part of the last team, to inspect the success of the welds. Polenin and the radiation safety officer then discover the K-19 has no radiation suits, only chemical suits. "They might as well wear raincoats!", exclaims Polenin. Nevertheless, with no other option, he lies to the men and tells them the chemical suits will protect them. The first team enter the reactor and begin welding. Emerging ten minutes later and removing the suits, they are both suffering from severe radiation poisoning and are carried to their quarters where the doctor attends to them. The second team enters. Meanwhile, on the bridge, the captain, officers, and crew monitor the reactor temperature which is climbing steadily. In the reactor room, the second team emerges just as badly poisoned as the first and are carried away. It is time for the third team to go in, but Radtchenko is overcome with fear and cannot bring himself to enter the reactor. Chief engineer Gorelov volunteers to go in his place. They complete the welding and to everyone\'s relief the reactor temperature begins to fall — the plan seems to have worked. But the submarine is beginning to fill with radiation as the reactor door is now breached, to allow the coolant pipe access. Polenin wants to seek help from a nearby NATO base on Jan Mayen. Vostrikov refuses to surrender his boat or crew and orders the K-19 to sail towards the USSR, under radio silence, in the hope that they will meet up with another Soviet submarine; Polenin is doubtful this plan will succeed as it relies on luck. Vostrikov is informed that a helicopter is approaching; he and some of the crew climb out onto the deck, thinking a Russian ship has come to save them, only to discover that it is a US Navy helicopter from a nearby US destroyer. The destroyer is asking if the K-19 requires assistance. Vostrikov orders a reply in the negative; the men on the deck notice a crewman in the helicopter photographing them, and they drop their trousers and bare their buttocks at him. The helicopter flies away. Vostrikov refuses to allow the Americans anywhere near K-19. The US destroyer follows them at a discreet distance. Demichev, the torpedo officer, meets with Suslov in private. He reminds the political officer that he is empowered to remove Vostrikov as captain, if he judges Vostrikov to be jeopardizing the mission. After a few hours and with no \'friendly\' ship sighted, the weld connecting the temporary coolant pipe to the reactor fails and the reactor temperature again begins to rise dangerously. Radtchenko dons a useless safety suit and enters the reactor alone to fix the broken weld. Vostrikov again orders the K-19 to submerge, rather than abandon ship, angering the men. As the K-19 dives some torpedo fuel, spilled when the torpedo was stripped for pipes, ignites resulting in a fire in the aft torpedo room. Polenin refuses the captain\'s order to implement the fire suppression system, which would kill the men fighting the fire, but goes forward to supervise the effort. When he is gone, Demichev and Suslov produce pistols and point them at Vostrikov, and the Suslov announces he is replacing Vostrikov with Polenin as captain of the submarine, and to surface immediately. Vostrikov is handcuffed to a ladder. With the torpedo room fire extinguished, Polenin returns and is told what has happened. "Good," he says and asks for Demichev and Suslov to hand over their weapons to him. They do so and Polenin immediately orders Vostrikov to be released and Demichev and Suslov to be placed under arrest. Polenin admonishes them for the attempted mutiny and re-affirms Vostrikov as the captain of the K-19. Vostrikov then attempts to re-order the crew of the K-19 to submerge, but Polenin interrupts him to say "Don\'t order them; ask them." Vostrikov explains the situation. If the reactor and the ballistic missiles explode while the K-19 is surfaced, the resulting nuclear blast will destroy not only the K-19 but also the nearby US navy ship and, most likely, the NATO base as well. As the K-19 has been unable to inform anyone in the outside world of her predicament, the United States, the Soviet Union, or anyone else will only know that a huge nuclear explosion has destroyed a U.S. warship and NATO base; that such a disaster could trigger World War III. The crew appreciate their wider duty and prepare to dive deep and scuttle the submarine. But Radtchenko has spent 18 minutes in the reactor successfully fixing the weld, and the temperature begins to drop again as Vostrikov himself drags the fatally poisoned officer from the reactor. Just as Vostrikov orders the men off the boat so that he can scuttle it, they are rescued by another Soviet submarine. Vostrikov wants to move his crew to the other submarine, away from the radiation, but permission is not granted. He moves the crew anyway. Polenin warns him that he will be sent to the gulag, just like his father, for disobeying orders. Vostrikov smiles and says, "It\'s a family tradition, isn\'t it?" Afterwards, during a formal inquiry of the events, Polenin speaks highly of Captain Vostrikov, and rebukes the convened tribunal for the hostile interrogations of both Vostrikov, and the radiation afflicted crew, even going so far as to say: "None of you...none of you...has the right to judge Captain Vostrikov. You weren\'t there! I was! He was our captain! He was my captain. And it would be an honor to sail under his command again." The inquiry acquits Vostrikov of any wrongdoing in the end, but he is never given command of another Soviet submarine again. An epilogue shows an aged Captain Vostrikov in 1989, putting on his dress uniform in a small flat and catching a train to meet up with Polenin. It is exactly 28 years after the accident; the Berlin Wall is shown to be coming down. Vostrikov grumbles about the inconvenience but Polenin informs him this is the anniversary of the day they were rescued. The commanders enter a cemetery where a number of the surviving K-19 crewmen are gathered by a gravesite. We learn that this is the first time the K-19 survivors have met since the incident; they were ordered never to meet or discuss the incident after the inquiry. Vostrikov is visibly moved as he greets the men and informs them that he nominated the men now dead of radiation poisoning  for the distinction of Hero of the Soviet Union, but was told they were not "worthy" of the title as they died not in battle, but as the result of an accident. The men drink a toast to their deceased comrades, and a flashback of the crew posing for the photograph on the ice is shown.'] ['Hollander plays Maximilian II , the ignorant, vindictive and petulant ruler of a troubled  country. Maximilian has two main interests: enjoying himself and running his country\'s movie industry. The output of the nation\'s film studios under Maximilian is limited to terrible action-adventure schlock with names like Out For Vengeance 4. While it is heavily implied that Junior is a childish sadist, it is conceded that his excesses are only bolstered by the encouragement of his beautiful, yet cruel, wife Josephine  and the violence dealt by anti-government terrorists. Ralph Fiennes plays Joe, a prison warder working at the prison where John Thorne is held at the beginning of the movie. During this early period, Thorne is a wreck, squatting in a shabby cell, enduring frequent beatings from the other guards and writing revolutionary slogans on the walls with his own feces. Joe comes to learn from Thorne and respect him for his bearing and intellect, if not his message. Maximilian, trying to quash spiraling dissent, takes the risk of letting Thorne out of jail, hoping to have him thus become not a great folk hero but another greedy, dishonest politician. Joe, too, is soon promoted to one of the guards at Maximilian\'s palace and a position in the country\'s elite military unit. After seeing Junior\'s madness first hand, it is he who betrays his master by letting Thorne and his followers into the palace\'s inner chambers while they are engaged in a revolting sex game. Thorne shoots the pair, and becomes a ruler governing a country as absolutely totalitarian, if not more so, than the deceased Maximilian. Thorne also encourages separating children from their parents, bans action movies and eliminates imported medicine all while sending the country\'s professional classes to grim re-education camps. Frightened females cower underneath burqa-like garments. For his assistance in assassinating the dictator, Joe is hailed as a hero by Thorne. Nevertheless, as Joe realizes that his one-time friend is just as bad as, if not worse than, his predecessor, he refuses to ally with the new regime. For this, Thorne sends Joe to a re-education camp. Subjected to numerous cruel beatings and isolation techniques, Joe continually refuses to sign his loyalty oath. At one point Thorne visits but does not recognize his old friend, even after Joe attempts to show him repeatedly who he is. Joe is also accused of being a member of a "hidden" conspiracy within the prison itself. One of his former co-workers, assumedly after being severely beaten, admits to the conspiracy\'s veracity and accuses Joe of being involved. Joe is quickly brought to the dreaded Room 12. It is there that the audience is revealed to a shocking twist: Joe is accused of never helping Thorne conquer the government, or being a commando in a covert-ops group, but rather a standard recruit in the armed forces discharged after the standard two years. During this, Joe seems to hallucinate heavily, his interrogators becoming characters dead and alive we have seen throughout the film, and is asked once again what is better than a big juicy steak . Throughout the scene it is suggested he may be being tortured mentally or is undergoing a paranoid or psychotic episode. His answer to any of the questions asked is never shown. We then cut to Thorne being killed in his bath by one of his once loyal followers. The revolutionary government is quickly overthrown. Junior\'s in-laws and nephew are revealed to have escaped during Thorne\'s revolution and, having lived in exile, have returned to re-establish the old government . The head of the camp returns to being a doctor and denies having taken part in the tortures and excesses he ordered, while the tortured co-worker that accused Joe of conspiracy is given a government job. This ex-coworker makes a number of empty promises to get Joe out of the camp as soon as the "political climate" settles, but says that his confession to helping murder Maximilian makes him a sensitive case. For having destroyed the old government, but also never having \'played ball\' with the new one, Joe is stuck in limbo, in a prison cell until the end of time. 12 years later, we find Joe writing his memoirs in a white cell resembling that of a prison\'s or an asylum\'s, seemingly oblivious even to his daughter\'s visits. It is possible that he is insane, or that he is perfectly sane, but the woman that visited was an actor pretending to be his daughter to break him down. She leaves Joe writing his memoirs and exits his cell that is really located in some low end residential apartment complex implying that Joe is not a political prisoner but is under some sort of house arrest being taken care of by the State.'] ['Marianne Faithfull sings "The Ballad of Lucy Jordan" over the opening credit sequence. Marilyn Jordan  is a bored, depressed American housewife, married to a rich Swedish businessman with two seemingly perfect children. She tries to "spice up" her existence by surprising the family when she eats their entire dinner, setting the bedclothes on fire and poisoning the pet dog\'s milk and then advising it not to drink . Eventually Martin, Marilyn\'s husband, decides to show her to a psychiatrist, but that only serves to further her frustration. One day, when she decides to accompany her husband on a business trip, Marilyn gets detained by security at the airport on a technicality. After missing her plane, she is befriended by a group of gypsies and is taken to a club they run, bearing the odd name of "Zanzi-Bar." There, Marilyn indulges in their fantastic, surreal world of shovel fighting, lamb roasting, striptease and free love. It all culminates with Marilyn having a passionate fling with a young man named Montenegro  who works in a zoo. After spending the night with Montenegro, Marilyn realizes that even though she adores this world, she is a stranger in it. Completely snapping upon this realization, she kills the young man and returns home. Once there, she serves her family a gourmet dinner, followed by a light dessert of fruit... that turns out to be poisoned. The final intertitle states: "The story was based on real events".'] ['The film is built around two main parallel stories, each containing almost identical dialogues. One story line involves Linda Sykes , an American woman detained in the People\'s Republic of China, being interrogated by a military officer . In the other storyline, Sharif Bin Said , an Arab man detained in New York City, is interrogated by two FBI agents . Both characters are graduate students detained with no hard evidence and interrogated about unspecified activities which may or may not be related to terrorist plots. In the course of the increasingly brutal interrogations, both Sykes and Bin Said are strip searched against their will by their interrogators and are subjected to a cavity search. In both cases the protagonists appear to have only tenuous connections with the suspected terrorist plots. The film ends with the question: "Must security and safety come at the price of freedom?"'] ["The film opens with a black crowd burning alive a black police officer, from a nearby ghetto that they regard as a traitor. It then switches to the peaceful home of Micah Mangena, a black sergeant in the South African Police Force. His son Zweli Mangena increasingly questions Micah belief and Micah's wish that Zweli would follow him into the police. Micha's wife also has doubts as the once-peaceful township gets polarised and her neighbours start treating her as an enemy. The initial issue is the use of Afrikaans in the all-black school. The school children speak English, Afrikaans and their own African language, but they resent being taught Afrikaans. To reply in English is an act of rebellion. Zweli dislikes the system but fears the consequence of open opposition. He arranges a meeting between some of the hot-heads and Pule Rampa, a respected figure who has been in prison for anti-Apartheid activities. He seems to be trying to calm the situation, but the police have learned of the gathering and break it up, arresting some of the students and also Pule Rampa. He had been trying to slip away quietly, but Micah anticipates this and arrests him. Micah is in charge of the operation and has attempted moderation, letting some of the students go free. Micah wants to conduct his own questioning. But two members of South Africa's Special Branch have recently arrived and take over. They employ much more brutal methods. Both Micah and his white superior suggest to the Special Branch men that they are perhaps provoking opposition rather than quelling it, by torturing and hanging Pule in his cell. The situation does indeed escalate. Micah and Zweli are increasingly on opposite sides of a widening gap, even though each of them genuinely cares for the other."] ["The film depicts the historic protest in 1999, as thousands of activists arrive in Seattle, Washington in masses to protest the WTO Ministerial Conference of 1999. The World Trade Organization is considered by protesters to contribute to widening the socioeconomic gap between the rich and the poor while it claims to be fixing it and increasing world hunger, disease and death. The movie takes an in-depth look at several fictional characters during those five days in 1999 as demonstrators protested the meeting of the WTO in Seattle's streets. The movie portrays conflicts between the peaceful protesters and a minority committing property destruction whose actions were widely covered by the media. Although the protest began peacefully with a goal of stopping the WTO talks, police began teargassing the crowd and the situation escalated into a full-scale riot and a State of Emergency that pitted protesters against the Seattle Police Department and the National Guard."] ['The film follows six individuals including major league ball player Ben Petrick who report chronic symptoms, which they attribute to persistent Lyme infection. The majority of the film is devoted to the storyline of these patients and their reported recovery. At the same time, the film presents advocates of long-term therapies for chronic Lyme disease and briefly presents the position of the Infectious Diseases Society of America . The second half of the film focuses primarily on state medical board investigations of Joseph Jemsek and Ray Jones, two physicians who prescribe long-term antibiotics for "chronic" Lyme disease. Jemsek was investigated based on the complaints of 10 patients who described "nightmarish experiences" as a result of his treatment; he was supported by a number of patients and Lyme disease advocacy organizations.<ref name Forbes | first  Whelan | title  March 12, 2007 | accessdate  http://www.forbes.com/forbes/2007/0312/096.html}} The board found that Jemsek had departed from standard medical practice and had failed to inform patients that his treatments were unorthodox; his medical license was suspended with stay, allowing him to continue practicing medicine.<ref name News & Observer | title  June 16, 2006 | accessdate  Jean | last  http://www.accessmylibrary.com/article-1G1-147127297/lyme-doctor-ruled-guilty.html}} Facing a lawsuit from an insurance company, Jemsek declared bankruptcy and closed his medical practice.<ref name Salon.com | title  Andrew | last  June 20, 2009 | accessdate  http://www.salon.com/ent/movies/btm/feature/2009/06/20/roundup/index.html}} The final act of the film focuses on Connecticut Attorney General Richard Blumenthal\'s antitrust investigation of the IDSA Lyme disease guidelines. Blumenthal issued a press release in May 2008 stating that his investigation "uncovered serious flaws" in the development of the IDSA guidelines, although Blumenthal declined to file any charges.{{cite press release}} The case was described in Forbes as "intimidation" of the medical community by the Attorney General,{{cite journal |authorScience, politics, and values: the politicization of professional practice guidelines |journal301 |issue665–7 |yearFebruary |pmid10.1001/jama.301.6.665 |url"nyt"/>'] ['The Terrorist focuses on a young 19 year old women named Malli, who joined a terrorist organization at a very young age after her brother was killed in the cause. She eventually volunteers herself to become a suicide bomber in an assassination mission. As the plot moves forward, she discovers the importance of human life, after realizing she is pregnant. This causes Malli to question her determination to complete the mission.'] ['Polish socialist and marxist Rosa Luxemburg dreams about revolution during the era of German wilhelminism. While Luxemburg campaigns relentlessly for her beliefs, getting repeatedly imprisoned in Germany as well as in Poland, lovers and comrades betray her until the ambitious leader is assassinated after World War I in 1919.'] ['Amu is the journey of Kajori Roy , a 21-year-old Indian American woman who has lived in the US since the age of 3. After graduating from UCLA Kaju goes to India to visit her relatives. There she meets Kabir , a college student from an upper-class family who is disdainful of Kaju’s wide-eyed wonder at discovering the "real India". Undeterred, Kaju visits the slums, crowded markets and roadside cafes of Delhi. In one slum she is struck by an odd feeling of déjà vu. Soon after she starts having nightmares. Kabir gets drawn into the mystery of why this is happening, particularly when he discovers that she is adopted. Meanwhile Kaju’s adoptive mother – Keya Roy, a single parent and civil rights activist in LA, arrives unannounced in Delhi. She is shocked to discover that Kaju has been visiting the slums. Although Kaju mistakes her mother’s response to a typical Indian over-protectiveness, Keya’s fears are more deeply rooted. Slowly Kaju starts piecing together what happened to her birth parents and mother and daughter clash as Kaju discovers she has been lied to her whole life. As Kaju and Kabir undertake this quest they both discover their families\' involvement with the man-made tragedy of immense proportions which took place twenty years ago in the capital city of India: the massacre of thousands of Sikhs in 1984; after the assassination of Indira Gandhi, the Prime Minister of India. Kabir learns that his father was instrumental in organizing the riots, as well as guilty of failing to stop Kaju\'s father from being killed. Kabir confronts his father who tries to justify his actions. Keya finally tells Kaju the truth; her birth name is Amu Singh and her Sikh father and younger brother were killed in the riots while her mother hanged herself in a refugee camp.'] [' The day is May 8, 1938, the day when Hitler visited Rome to meet premier Mussolini. Also on this day, as her entire family  goes to the streets to follow the great meeting and the parade, an Italian housewife  stays home looking after some domestic tasks. Her apartment building is empty but for a man  who seems repulsed by fascism , living in the building across in the complex. As this chamber drama progresses, and loneliness of each is revealed, the audience learns that this man is a radio broadcaster who has lost his job and is about to be deported to Sardinia, due to his political attitudes and his homosexuality. Unaware of this, the housewife flirts with him, as they meet by chance in the empty building. During their conversation, the rather naïve and mainstream woman is surprised by his opinions and finally shocked when she realizes his sexual orientation. Nonetheless, despite their fights and arguments, a friendship develops and they eventually make love before he is taken away by the police and her family comes back home.Review - A Special Day Channel 4.A Special Day'] ['Emily Crane is fired after refusing to give names to a 1951 House Un-American Activities Committee, and takes a part-time job as companion to an old lady. One day her attention is drawn to a noisy argument being conducted largely in German in a neighbouring house, the more so since one of those involved is her main senator prosecutor. Starting to look into things, she gradually enlists the help of FBI officer Cochran who was initially detailed to check her out.'] ["In 1970, Nicholas Garrigan  graduates from medical school in Scotland. With dull prospects at home, he decides to seek adventure abroad by working at a Ugandan missionary clinic run by Dr. David Merrit  and his wife, Sarah . Garrigan becomes attracted to Sarah, who enjoys the attention but refuses to engage him in an extramarital affair. Meanwhile, General Idi Amin  overthrows incumbent president Milton Obote in a coup d’état. Garrigan sincerely believes Amin will help the country, while Sarah warns him of dictators that have taken over before. Garrigan is called to a minor car accident involving Amin where he treats his hand. During the incident Garrigan takes a gun and shoots a mortally wounded cow because no one else has the presence of mind to put it out of its misery. Amin is impressed by his quick action and initiative. Amin, fond of Scotland as a symbol of resilience and admiring the Scottish people for their resistance to the English, is delighted to discover Garrigan's nationality and exchanges his military shirt for Garrigan's Scotland shirt. Later, Amin invites Garrigan to become his personal physician and take charge of modernising the country's health care system. Garrigan soon becomes Amin's trusted confidant and is relied on for much more than medical care, such as matters of state. Although Garrigan is aware of violence around Kampala, he accepts Amin's explanation that cracking down on the opposition will bring lasting peace to the country. Garrigan discovers that the polygamous leader has ostracised the youngest of his three wives, Kay , because she has given birth to an epileptic son, Mackenzie . When treating Mackenzie, Garrigan and Kay form a relationship and sleep with each other, but Kay tells him he must find a way to leave Uganda. Eventually, Garrigan begins to lose faith in Amin as he witnesses the increasing paranoia, repressive murders and xenophobia in expelling South Asians from the country. Amin replaces Garrigan's British passport with a Ugandan one to prevent him from escaping which leads Garrigan to frantically seek help from Stone , the local British Foreign Office representative. Garrigan is told the British will help him leave Uganda if he uses his position to assassinate Amin, but Garrigan refuses. Kay informs Garrigan that she has become pregnant with his child. Amin will murder her for infidelity if he discovers this, so she begs Garrigan for a secret abortion. Delayed by Amin's command that he attend a press conference with Western journalists, Garrigan fails to meet Kay at the appointed time. She concludes she has been abandoned and seeks out a primitive abortion in a nearby village, where she is apprehended by Amin's forces. Garrigan finds her savagely mutilated corpse on an autopsy table and falls retching to his knees, finally confronting the palpable inhumanity of Amin's regime and decides killing him will end it all. A hijacked aircraft is flown to Entebbe by pro-Palestinian hijackers seeking asylum from agents of international law. Amin rushes to the scene to help them, taking Garrigan along. At the airport, one of Amin's bodyguards discovers Garrigan's plot to poison Amin, under the ruse of giving him pills for a headache. His treachery revealed, Garrigan is beaten by Amin's henchmen before Amin himself arrives and discloses he is aware of the relationship with Kay. As punishment, Garrigan's chest is pierced with meat hooks and he is hanged by his skin. Amin arranges a plane for the release of non-Israeli passengers, and Garrigan's torturers leave him bleeding on the floor while they relax in another room. Garrigan's medical colleague, Dr. Junju , takes advantage of the opportunity to rescue him. He urges Garrigan to tell the world the truth about Amin's regime, asserting that because Garrigan is white the world will believe him. Junju gives Garrigan his own jacket, enabling him to mingle unnoticed with the crowd of freed hostages and board the plane. When the torturers discover Garrigan's absence, Junju is shot dead while the plane departs with Garrigan on board. Amin is informed too late to prevent it, while Garrigan tearfully remembers the people of Uganda. The epilogue shows real footage of Amin, as well as figures such as the 300,000 that died under his regime, and tells of his eventual 2003 death while in exile in Saudi Arabia."] ['Caligula , the young heir to the throne of the syphilis-ridden, half-mad Emperor Tiberius , thinks he has received a bad omen after a blackbird flies into his room early one morning. Shortly afterward, Macro , the head of the Praetorian Guards, appears to tell the young man that his great uncle  demands that he report at once to the Island of Capri, where Tiberius has been residing for a number of years with a close friend Nerva , a dim-witted relative Claudius , and Caligula\'s younger stepbrother Gemellus  . Fearing assassination, Caligula is afraid to leave, but his beloved sister Drusilla  convinces him to go. At Capri, Caligula finds his uncle has become depraved, showing signs of advanced venereal diseases, and embittered with Rome and politics. Tiberius enjoys watching degrading sexual shows, often including children and various freaks of nature. Caligula observes with a mixture of fascination and horror. Tensions rise when Tiberius jokingly tries to poison Caligula in front of Gemellus. After Nerva commits suicide on the prospect of Caligula\'s rule, Tiberius collapses from a stroke, leaving Macro and Caligula planning a way to hasten the latter\'s ascent to the throne. Late one night, Macro escorts all the spectators out of Tiberius\' bedchamber to allow Caligula the opportunity to murder his uncle, but when he fails, Macro finishes the deed himself by strangling Tiberius with a scarf. Caligula triumphantly removes the imperial signet from Tiberius\'s finger and suddenly realizes that Gemellus has witnessed the murder. Tiberius is buried with honors and Caligula is proclaimed the new Emperor; he in turn proclaims Drusilla his equal, to the apparent disgust of the Senate. Afterwards, Drusilla, fearful of Macro\'s influence, convinces Caligula to get rid of him. Caligula obliges by setting up a mock trial in which Gemellus is intimidated into testifying that Macro alone murdered Tiberius. With the powerful Macro gone, Caligula appoints Tiberius\'s former adviser Longinus  as his right-hand man, and pronounces the docile Senator Chaerea  as the new head of the Praetorian Guard. Drusilla endeavors to find Caligula a wife amongst the priestesses of the goddess Isis, the cult they secretly practice. Caligula only wants to marry Drusilla, but when she refuses because she is actually his sister, he spitefully marries Caesonia , a known courtesan, but only after she bears him an heir. Caligula proves to be a popular but eccentric ruler, cutting taxes and overturning all the oppressive laws that Tiberius enacted. The Senate begins to dislike the young emperor for his eccentricities and various insults directed towards them. Darker aspects of his personality begin to emerge as well; he rapes a bride and groom on their wedding day because of a minor fit of jealousy, and orders the execution of Gemellus merely to provoke a reaction from Drusilla. After he discovers Caesonia is pregnant, Caligula suffers severe fever, but Drusilla nurses him back to health. Just as he fully recovers, Caesonia bears him a daughter, Julia Drusilla, and Caligula marries her on the spot. During the celebration, Drusilla collapses in Caligula\'s arms from the same fever he\'d suffered. Soon afterwards, Caligula receives another ill omen in the guise of a black bird. He rushes to Drusilla\'s side and watches her die. Caligula has a nervous breakdown; he smashes a statue of Isis and drags Drusilla\'s body around the palace while screaming hysterically. Now in a deep depression, Caligula walks the Roman streets, disguised as a beggar; Caligula then causes a disturbance after watching an amateur performance mocking his relationship with Drusilla. After a brief stay in a city jail, Caligula proclaims himself a god and becomes determined to destroy the senatorial class, which he has come to loathe. His reign becomes a series of humiliations against the foundations of Rome; senators\' wives are forced to work in the service of the state as prostitutes, estates are confiscated, the old religion is desecrated, and he initiates an absurd war on Britain to humiliate the army; the army never actually fights in Britain, but is ordered to attack stalks of papyrus on the shores. It is obvious to the senators and the military that Caligula must be assassinated, and Longinus conspires with Chaerea to carry out the deed. Caligula wanders into his bedroom where a nervous Caesonia awaits him. The blackbird makes a final appearance, but only Caesonia is frightened of it. The next morning, after rehearsing an Egyptian play, Caligula and his family are attacked as they leave the stadium in a coup headed by Chaerea. His wife and daughter are brutally murdered and Chaerea himself stabs Caligula in the stomach. With his final breaths, he defiantly whimpers "I live!" As Caligula and his family\'s bodies are thrown down the marble steps and their blood is washed off the marble floor, Claudius is proclaimed the new Emperor.'] ['{{Plot}}  The film begins with a depiction of the events of the 1972 Munich Olympics. After the killings, the Israeli government devises an eye for an eye retaliation; and a target list of 11 names is drawn up. Avner Kaufman , an Israeli-born Mossad agent of German-Jewish descent, is chosen to lead the assassination squad and is given the assignment over tea at the home of Prime Minister of Israel Golda Meir. To give the Israeli government plausible deniability and, at the direction of his handler Ephraim , Avner resigns from Mossad; and the squad operates with no official ties to Israel. Avner is given a team of four Jewish men: Steve , a South African driver; Hans , a document forger; Robert , a Belgian toy-maker trained in defusing explosives; and Carl , a former Israeli soldier who "cleans up" after the assassinations. Avner and his team set about tracking down the 11 targets with the help of a shadowy French informant, Louis . In Rome, the group tracks down their first target, Abdel Wael Zwaiter, who is broke and living as a poet. The group follows him to his apartment building, and Avner and Robert shoot him dead. In Paris, Robert pretends to be a journalist interviewing their second target, Mahmoud Hamshari, about the Munich massacre. He plants a bomb in Hamshari\'s phone that is set to be detonated by a remote key. Carl is to dial Hamshari\'s number from a public telephone booth after Hamshari\'s wife and daughter have left. However, while a large truck obscures their view, the daughter runs back inside to retrieve something. Carl calls the number, and the girl picks up; but Avner aborts the mission before Robert, who cannot see what is going on, triggers the explosion. When the girl leaves, Carl telephones the number, asks the man who answers if he\'s Hamshari; and, upon affirmation of name, Robert detonates the bomb. In Cyprus, the team kills the next target, Hussein Al Bashir , by planting a bomb in his hotel room beneath his bed. Avner gets a room next to Al Bashir and turns off his bedroom light, the signal to proceed. When Robert detonates the bomb, the explosives almost kill Avner and injures a newlywed couple next door. The group meet later aboard a boat in the Cyprus harbour to discuss the errors in the mission. Robert insists that the explosives he used were far more powerful than what he expected. It is revealed at this juncture that Louis provided the explosives and that he is also helping with the logistics of the hits through Avner. Avner then meets with Louis in Paris and he gives the team information on three Palestinians in Beirut: Muhammad Youssef al-Najjar ; Kamal Adwan; and Kamal Nasser, a Palestine Liberation Organization  spokesman. Ephraim refuses to let them handle the mission themselves. Avner insists that he will lose Louis\' trust if the operation is carried out by the Israel Defense Forces . Ephraim relents, allowing the team to accompany the IDF commandos. In Beirut, Steve, Robert, and Avner meet up with a group of Sayeret Matkal IDF soldiers. They penetrate the Palestinians\' guarded compound and kill all three. In Athens, Louis has provided the team with an apartment. During the night, four PLO members, who have rented the same apartment as a safe house, enter the dwelling. After a tense confrontation with guns drawn, Robert defuses the situation by claiming that his squad are members of the Basque separatist Euskadi Ta Askatasuna , Red Army Faction , and the African National Congress . Avner discusses Middle East politics with the group\'s leader. Avner\'s group carries out their next assassination, that of Zaiad Muchasi, by installing a remote-controlled bomb in Muchasi\'s TV set. However, the bomb does not detonate. Hans walks into the hotel, forces his way and throws a grenade that sets off the bomb, killing Muchasi. The squad exchanges gunfire with Muchasi\'s bodyguards. In the chaos, they are forced to take the hotel manager hostage; and Robert reveals that he doesn\'t actually build bombs, but just defuses them. Louis provides the squad with information on Ali Hassan Salameh, the organizer of the Munich Massacre. Avner learns from Louis that the CIA have a deal with Salameh wherein they protect and fund him in exchange for his promise not to attack US diplomats. The squad moves to London to track down Salameh, but they are not able to accomplish the assassination when Avner is suddenly approached by several drunken Americans. It is implied the said Americans are actually CIA agents. Avner is propositioned by a woman  in the hotel but declines. Afterward, Carl is killed by the same woman, who Avner learns is an independent Dutch contract killer. Robert questions the morality of the entire mission; Avner listens to him and asks him to take a break. The remaining squad tracks the Dutch assassin to the Netherlands and kills her without a glitch. Afterwards Avner, Steve and Hans discuss the futility of the mission. Later, Hans is found stabbed to death and left on a park bench while Robert is killed in an explosion in his workshop. Avner and Steve finally locate Salameh in Spain; however, their assassination attempt is thwarted by Salameh\'s guards. A disillusioned Avner flies to Israel and then to his new home in New York City to reunite with his wife and their child. In a fit of paranoia, he storms into the Israeli consulate and screams at an employee whom he believes to be a Mossad agent to leave him and his family alone. Ephraim comes to New York to urge Avner to rejoin Mossad. In the final scene, Avner openly questions the basis and effectiveness of the operation, and Ephraim admits that there was no evidence linking any of the targets to the Munich massacre. In a show of respect, Avner asks Ephraim to break bread with him, but because he has refused to return to Israel, Ephraim rejects him and leaves. Avner leaves as well. During the last scene, the camera pans across the New York City skyline and stops with the Twin Towers in the center of the scene. A postscript notes that 9 of the 11 men targeted by Mossad were eventually assassinated, including Salameh in 1979.'] ["Lars  decides to leave the army after accusations of having made passes at some of his men prevent his promotion to a higher rank. Disillusioned with the army and angry at his overbearing politician mother, he joins a Neo-Nazi group, discovering only later that they practice gay-bashing. He and his violently homophobic peer Jimmy  become involved in a secret love affair, moving from hostility through grudging admiration to friendship and finally tenderness and passion. Jimmy's emotionally unstable younger brother Patrick , already jealous that newcomer Lars quickly advanced above him in the Nazi group, discovers the relationship and tells Michael , the leader of the group, about it. They beat up Lars, forcing Jimmy to do the beating; but when the group leaves, Jimmy stays with Lars and takes him to the isolated Nazi safe house they had been sharing while they renovated it. As the two are preparing to go away together, a gay man whom Jimmy had beaten severely in the movie's opening scene emerges from the dark and stabs him. The movie ends with Jimmy lying unconscious in a hospital bed and Lars holding his hand."] ['The film tells the true story of the abduction of the American ambassador Charles Burke Elbrick in 1969 by the MR-8 group, in which Gabeira and his friends participated.'] ['The story is told from the perspective of a young boy  growing up in the 1950s and 1960s in Beijing. Three episodes – Hundred Flowers Campaign, the Great Leap Forward and the Cultural Revolution – show the family members evolving, e.g. from the real father, the "loving patriarch," to the protective but unemotional stepfather.  The first episode, entitled "Father," begins with a wedding between Lin Shaolong and Chen Shujuan in the early 1950s, shortly after the Communist victory. The wedding draws the whole neighborhood, a happy moment that will soon serve as a stark contrast with the years to come. The house and courtyard are shown in a warm bright light as children play happily together. The couple soon give birth to a son, Tietou, meaning "iron head." In these early years Tietou\'s father creates for him a blue kite, a symbol that will remain throughout the film as a sign of better days. The father meanwhile, who works in a library, unbeknown to him, submitted "advice" through a well-meaning colleague to the Party as per the Hundred Flowers Campaign. Another colleague, Li, also named in this document, was coerced into giving statements against Lin. Meanwhile, Chen Shujuan\'s brothers and sister find themselves swept up by the events of the day: Her older brother, an army pilot, begins to lose his eyesight, and loses his girlfriend to powerful party leaders seeking her company; her youngest brother leads a "critique of the party" that he feels is in line with the "Hundred Flowers Campaign"; while their oldest sister, a revolutionary from China\'s civil war, seeks to keep them in line with party doctrine and party thinking. This soon returns to haunt all of them as the Hundred Flowers movement is followed by the Anti-Rightist Movement. We soon find out that Shujuan\'s older bother was going blind, and will soon be forced to leave the party. The girl he loved also resigned over her refusal to meet with senior party members in clandestine affairs. Without given cause, simply that she was flaming "counter revolutionary thoughts", she was taken away to prison. Shujuan\'s youngest brother, an art school student, was called to task for his "critique" of the party and shown standing before his fellow students as they rally against him. In one of the film\'s most chilling scenes, the Lin Shaolong\'s workplace has convened a meeting on the issue of who they will have to report to the Communist Party as a "rightist" in order to meet Mao\'s quota. The father quickly leaves for the bathroom. When he returns, all eyes are on him, it is clear who his colleagues have selected. Realizing his terrible mistake of leaving, the father briefly mistreats his son. Tietou, just a small boy, is still bitter when his father is sent to a work camp. Shujuan\'s youngest brother was also sent to a reeducation camp. The chapter ends when Tietou\'s mother receives a letter; his father has been killed by a falling tree.  The second episode of the film is entitled "uncle" and deals with Tietou\'s mother\'s courtship by Li, her husband\'s former colleague, and subsequent remarriage to "Uncle" Li. Li felt haunted by his role in sending his friend to the work camp which resulted in Lin\'s death. Li spent every moment helping out the mother and child, and every penny in easing their distress in the rapidly declining society. The episode begins with a group picture during a wedding, with the men wearing blue work uniforms. Much of the episode\'s palette seems to follow this opening trope as both the courtyard and house are shown in a cold blue. Uncle Li cares for the boy\'s material needs and desires but it soon grows clear that his health is failing. Li wants to become a party member, and is working feverishly at his job. Soon, malnutrition during the Great Leap Forward takes its toll and Uncle Li dies due to his poor health.  No wedding ceremony, no feelings shown at all. This marriage is just to save the mother and son from poverty, and to give them protection. They move in with the stepfather . The house is so big that everyone has his own room, no family life at all. Meanwhile, the Cultural Revolution is about to break forth led by adolescents seeking to "rebel" against those who seek to reign them in: their parents, teachers, and even party members the central government deemed dangerous. The stepfather, a prominent party member about to be disgraced, worries about saving his wife and stepson and does what he can to provide a safe life for them before it is too late. He offers them money and to divorce Shujuan. Perhaps unable to see another husband taken from her, Shujuan returns to her husband\'s home as he\'s being lifted out of his home by the rebelling Red Guards. The last scenes are of Tietou\'s mother being dragged away by Red Guards, who also beat Tietou. At the end the boy is lying on the ground, bloodied. In a voiceover, he tells of his stepfather\'s death from heart failure, his mother is sent to the work camps, but his own fate is left unknown. The camera pans out from his bruised body as he lies there looking up to see a broken blue kite hanging in the tree.'] ['Cynthia  and a Japanese student, Itami , have fallen in love in Japanese controlled Manchukuo prior to the war when Itami is forced to return to Japan. Years later, in Shanghai, Szeto ([[Liu Ye  and Tang Yiling  have fallen in love. Cynthia has also returned to Shanghai now as a member of Purple Butterfly, a powerful resistance group against the Japanese occupation, led by Xie Ming . After a case of mistaken identity and a shootout at a railroad station that leaves Yiling dead, Szeto finds himself an unexpected pawn in the battle between former lovers Cynthia and Itami who has also come to Shanghai, now as a member of the Japanese secret police unit tasked with dismantling Purple Butterfly.'] ["In an unnamed small Polish town on May 8, 1945, the day Germany officially surrendered, Maciek  and Andrzej  are Home Army soldiers who have been assigned to assassinate the communist Commissar Szczuka , but fail in their first attempt to ambush him, killing two civilian cement plant workers instead. They are given a second chance in the town's leading hotel and banquet hall, Monopol. Meanwhile, a grand fête is being organized at the hall for a newly appointed minor minister  by his assistant, Drewnowski . Drewnowski is in fact a double agent, present at the first attempt to kill Szczuka. Maciek manages to sweet talk himself into a room with the desk clerk, who is also a fellow Warsaw native. They sadly reminisce about such things as the older section of town and the chestnut trees which were lost when the Germans destroyed most of the city in the aftermath of the Warsaw Uprising. While Maciek and Andrzej bide their time to strike Szczuka, Maciek becomes infatuated with the hotel's barmaid, Krystyna . Szczuka has recently returned from abroad , and is attempting to locate his son Marek. Szczuka's wife had died in a German concentration camp, and Marek had been staying with an aunt. Szczuka did not approve of the aunt's right-wing political views, and had written to her telling her to send his son Marek to live with other people he knew, apparently people whose political views were closer to Szczuka's own, but the aunt continued to raise Marek, who adopted her right-wing views and joined the Home Army . Szczuka goes to visit the aunt, who lives in the same town, to find out where is son is, but she says that he is already a grown man at 17 and that she does not know. Later that evening, Szczuka learns from the local security official that Marek has been captured by the Red Army and is being held in detention. Maciek's crush on Krystyna grows as the hour he must assassinate Szczuka nears, while Drewnowski becomes giddy at the thought at what his boss' promotion will do for his own career. Drinking with a cynical reporter until he is quite drunk, Drewnowski barges into the banquet dinner. In short order he sprays the guests with a fire extinguisher, pulls the tablecloth  to the floor and finds himself out of a job. After sleeping with Krystyna, Maciek goes for a walk with her and ends up in a bombed-out church. He tells her that he is thinking about changing some things in his life, and mentions the possibility of going to technical school. She finds an inscription on the wall, a poem by Cyprian Norwid: :So often, are you as a blazing torch with flames :of burning rags falling about you flaming, :you know not if flames bring freedom or death. :Consuming all that you must cherish :if ashes only will be left, and want Chaos and tempest :Or will the ashes hold the glory of a starlike diamond :The Morning Star of everlasting triumph. Attempting to fix her broken heel, Maciek stumbles into a crypt where the bodies of the men he killed that morning are laid out awaiting burial. He escorts Krystyna back to the hotel, where she has to go back to work at the bar until it closes at 3:00 a.m., and then goes inside, where he runs into Andrzej. He tells Andrzej that he has fallen in love with Krystyna, and although he is not a coward, he cannot continue killing and hiding and wants to lead a normal life. Andrzej is not only his friend, but also his commanding officer in the Home Army, and reacts as such, suggesting that Maciek would be a deserter if he failed to carry out the order to kill Szczuka. Maciek is taken aback, but then decides he must carry out his orders. He begins to stalk Szczuka, and when Szczuka forgoes his car to walk to the detention area holding his son, Maciek takes advantage of the opportunity to shoot him. As Szczuka falls, fireworks celebrating the end of the war fill the sky. The following morning, Maciek goes to the truck where Andrzej awaits. From concealment he watches as Drewnowski arrives thinking he will join them, but Andrzej is aware that Drewnowski is only doing it because he has no other choice. Andrzej throws him to the ground and drives off. When Drewnowski sees Maciek, he calls out to him. Maciek flees and runs into a patrol of Polish soldiers. He is shot and ends up dying in a trash heap."] ["Tensions between the Hutu and Tutsi peoples lead to a war in Rwanda, where corruption and bribes between politicians are routine. Paul Rusesabagina , the manager of the Sabena owned Hôtel des Mille Collines, is Hutu, but his wife Tatiana , is Tutsi. His marriage is a source of friction with Hutu extremists, most prominently Georges Rutaganda , a friendly goods supplier to the hotel who is also the local leader of Interahamwe, a brutal anti-Tutsi militia. The UN Peacekeeping forces, led by Canadian Colonel Oliver , are unable to take assertive action against the Interahamwe since they are forbidden to intervene in the genocide. The foreign nationals are evacuated, but the Rwandans are left behind. When the UN forces attempt to evacuate a group of refugees, including Paul's family, they are ambushed and must turn back. In a last-ditch effort to save the refugees, Paul pleads with the Rwandan Army General, Augustin Bizimungu  for assistance. However, when Paul's bribes no longer work, he blackmails the General with threats of being tried as a war criminal. Soon after, the family and the hotel refugees are finally able to leave the besieged hotel in a UN convoy. They travel through retreating masses of refugees and militia to reach safety behind Tutsi rebel lines."] ['Augustus is on his death bed. He looks back on his life to a conversation he had with his beloved daughter, Julia. After an attempt on Augustus\' life, he is shocked to learn his closest friend and Julia\'s husband Marcus Agrippa is dead. Livia suggests that for the safety of Rome, her stepdaughter Julia should marry her son Tiberius. Her reluctance to marry Tiberius causes Augustus to sit down and tell her the story of how he became the emperor of Rome. He recalls 46 BC Rome is in the middle of a civil war. Together with his friend Marcus Agrippa, the young Octavius  goes to Spain in order to help Julius Caesar battle the troops of Pompey. Even though they are outnumbered they manage to defeat Pompey. Caesar honours his adopted son Octavius with a triumphal entry into Rome and then sends him to Macedonia together with Agrippa and the son of Caesar\'s friend, Maecenas. There Octavian hears the news of Caesar\'s assassination and he returns to Rome with his friends. Back in Rome he is able to gain both the support of the people and Cicero. In his struggle with the conspirators against the murder of Caesar and claiming his new share of the empire, he finds an ally in Mark Antony, Caesar\'s right-hand man. Mark Antony not only pursues Brutus and Cassius, he also initiates a wave of executions, which practically eliminates the old Roman ruling class. Among those who are killed is the husband of Livia. Octavian marries Livia and divorces his wife Scribonia on the day she gave birth to their daughter Julia. In accordance with the laws of Rome claiming sole custody of his newborn baby. Julia resents Augustus\'s treatment of her mother. Octavian and Mark Antony defeat Brutus and Cassius at the Battle of Phillipi. Octavian and Mark Antony at first share the empire. However Antony has become the lover of the Egyptian queen Cleopatra, having been taken in by the Egyptian culture of divinity. After Antony humiliates Octavian\'s elder sister Octavia by casting her out of his house and divorcing her, Rome declares war on Cleopatra. Agrippa defeats Antony at the Battle of Actium and after a successful military campaign Octavian becomes the sole ruler of the Roman Empire and in doing so takes the great name of Augustus. However he tells Maecenas that he will never be king of Rome. Octavian spares Iullus, Antony\'s son by his first wife, and sends him to Rome on Octavia\'s request to be raised as her son. In present day Augustus\'s rule Rome experiences a period of peace, prosperity and an age where art and culture flourish. Agrippa and Maecenas are both dead. Livia is Augustus\'s principal advisor. She is envious of Julia, the mother of Augustus\' heirs and the person Augustus claims that "[he] has never loved anyone as much as [her]". Julia is upset her husband\'s death as she was very fond of him and is upset when Augustus forces her to marry Livia\'s son Tiberius for whom she has an intense dislike for. Tiberius is also upset to divorce his wife whom he loves, although he does not dislike Julia and pities his stepsister, knowing how little happiness she has had in her life. Augustus sends Tiberius away to fight in a campaign. However before leaving Tiberius scolds him for his treatment of Julia, saying "you destroy everything you love." Julia admits to her father that she loves Iullus Antonius. Iullus  wish to end Augustus\' reign and form a regency over Julia and Agrippa\'s sons. In the beginning it is Iullus who paid the assassin to kill Augustus. He then attempts to seduce Julia in order to get close to Augustus and avenge his father\'s death. However upon watching Julia being forced to marry Tiberius, Iullus realises that he has fallen in love with her. Augustus tells Julia that she can continue to see Iullus  but tells her that he hopes, eventually, she will come to see him for what he is and learn to live without him. Tiberius returns from his campaign. He shocks Julia in her room and accuses her of having an affair with Iullus. She tells him their marriage is a sham and orders him to return to the northern borders else she will have her father throw him in prison as a deserter. Tiberius threatens to find Iullus and kill him. However when Julia still refuses to submit to Tiberius he attacks and rapes her. Julia suffers a mental breakdown after the rape and confides to Iullus how miserable her life has been under her father\'s control. In her sorrow she tells him that sometimes she wishes her father were already dead just so her suffering would end. Iullus recites Julia\'s misery to Scipio and he comes upon with a plan to kill Augustus themselves. They agree not to tell Julia of the plan. Tiberius, who is still planning to kill Iullus for infidelity with his wife, overhears the plot and informs his mother. Livia decides that they will catch Iullus in the act and in doing so would rid themselves of Julia also. Iullus uses his position in the imperial household to gain access to Augustus\' chambers. However the plan is foiled when the noise alerts Livia, Julia and Tiberius to the scene. Tiberius fatally wounds Iullus and saves Augustus. Scipio and Iullus are revealed to be the assassins just as Julia enters. Before he is taken away Iullus tells Julia "I did it for you." Augustus goes to the senate and orders them to exile Julia from Rome. They refuse due to her popularity with the people and the fact she is his daughter but Augustus demands they obey him. As he leaves the senate he instantly regrets it, stating that had Maecenas been alive he would never have allowed him to exile Julia. She tells him she was unaware of the plot but Augustus tells her for her own safety she must leave Rome. He insists on keeping her children. Julia finally tells Augustus that her life was a torture and it would have been kinder to kill her when she was born. Julia leaves saying that she, at least, loved her children. Upon sending Julia away Augustus breaks down into tears. The scene returns to his death bed. Gaius and Lucius are dead, Julia is still in exile and Tiberius is heir to the throne. Before he dies Augustus cries out for Julia but Livia and Tiberius tell him she is not there. Then to everyone\'s surprise Julia, in a cape for disguise, enters. Happy to see his daughter again he holds out his hand to her and asks for forgiveness but she refuses to take his hand. Augustus is upset but understands. His final words are to Julia, asking "Did I play my part well in the comedy of life?" to which Julia replies "The gods will tell you, father." Augustus dies. Livia goes to place his death mask on but Julia takes it from her, kisses her father on the forehead and places it herself over her father\'s smiling dead face.'] ['After losing their jobs as security guards, best friends Ivan  and Josh  start a music video production company called "Video Aces". When they meet their childhood heroes, \'70s soul duo The Swanky Modes , Ivan and Josh concoct a scheme to give them a new audience by hijacking a Menudo concert, getting them to perform in Menudo\'s place, and broadcasting it live across the country on a TV satellite hook-up. The movie also features a fake ad spot for a real Los Angeles restaurant, Roscoe\'s House of Chicken \'n Waffles. People who make appearances in the film include: Mary Crosby, of the nighttime soap opera Dallas; character actors Clu Gulager and Doug McClure; footballer Lyle Alzado; \'60s icon Connie Stevens; Soul Train host Don Cornelius; singer Courtney Love; original "Human Beat-Box" Doug E. Fresh; ska-punk band Fishbone  as "Ranchbone"; Lords of the New Church singer Stiv Bators; Ted Nugent; Weird Al Yankovic; and Dead Kennedys singer Jello Biafra, in a cameo as an F.B.I. agent.'] ["In the early 1950s, in New York City, restaurant cashier and small-time bookie Howard Prince  has a friend who writes for television. Because the friend, Alfred Miller ([[Michael Murphy  has been blacklisted, he asks Howard to sign his name to the TV scripts. Howard agrees out of friendship and because he needs the percentage of the writer's fee that Miller will pay him. The scripts are submitted to network producer Phil Sussman , who is pleased to have a writer not contaminated by the blacklist. Howard's script also offers a plum role for one of Sussman's top actors, Hecky Brown . Howard becomes such a “success” that Miller’s other friends hire him to be their front. The quality of the scripts and Howard's ability to write so many impresses Sussman's idealistic script editor, Florence Barrett , who mistakes him for a principled, artistic talent. Howard begins dating her but changes the subject whenever she wants to discuss his work. McCarthyism is rampant and investigators are trying to expose and blacklist Communists in the entertainment industry. They are making life hell for Hecky Brown. They affect his ability to find work and pressure Sussman to drop him from the show. Hecky takes a liking to Howard and invites him to the Catskills, where he is booked to perform on stage. The club owner short-changes the entertainer on his promised salary, furthering Hecky's distress. The professional humiliation and loss of income take their toll, resulting in Hecky's suicide. Howard witnesses the harsh reality of what the terrible actions of the right-wing “Freedom Information Services” can do. Suspicion is cast his way and Howard is called to testify before the House Un-American Activities Committee. He ends up revealing privately to Florence that he is not a brilliant writer at all, just a humble cashier. Howard decides to outwit the committee. He hatches a scheme in which he will respond to all questions, not refusing to answer but in such a general way that he will admit or deny nothing. After briefly enduring the HUAC questioning&nbsp;– including being asked to speak ill of the dead Hecky Brown&nbsp;– Howard takes a stand. He ends the interview with a blatant act of defiance, which gets him arrested and convicted for contempt of Congress, a punishment he accepts with pride."] ['The film begins as Alice Paul  and Lucy Burns  return from England, where they participated in the women\'s suffrage movement. Once the pair becomes more active within the National American Woman Suffrage Association , they begin to understand that their ideas were much too forceful for the established activists, particularly Carrie Chapman Catt . The pair leave NAWSA and found the National Women\'s Party , a better way to fight for women\'s rights. Over time, problems occur as NAWSA leaders criticize NWP tactics, such as protesting against a wartime President Woodrow Wilson and picketing outside the White House with "Silent Sentinels." Male supremacists famously  label the women "iron-jawed angels." Relations between the American government and the NWP protesters also intensify, as many women are arrested for their actions, though the official charge is "obstructing traffic." The women are sent to the Occoquan Workhouse for 60-day terms where they suffer under unsanitary and inhumane conditions. During this time, Paul and other women undertake a hunger strike, during which paid guards force-feed them milk and raw eggs. News of their treatment leaks to the media through the husband of one of the imprisoned women, a U.S. Senator, who has been able to lobby for a visit  by putting a letter in his shirt. Pressure is put on President Wilson as the NAWSA seizes the opportunity to try for the nineteenth amendment to the Constitution. Paul, Burns and all of the other women were all pardoned by President Wilson.'] ['The plot, which is based on events covered by several chapters of Brown\'s book as well as other sources, revolves around four main characters: Charles Eastman né Ohiyesa , a young, mixed-race Sioux doctor educated at Dartmouth and Boston University, who is held up as proof of the success of assimilation; Sitting Bull , the Sioux chief who refuses to submit to U.S. government policies designed to strip his people of their identity, their dignity and their sacred land, the gold-laden Black Hills of the Dakotas; Senator Henry Dawes , an architect of government policy for allotment of Indian lands to individual households to force adoption of subsistence farming; and Red Cloud, whose decision to make peace with the American government and go to a reservation disturbed Sitting Bull. While Eastman and his future wife Elaine Goodale , a reformer from New England and Superintendent of Indian Schools in the Dakotas, work to improve life for Indians on the reservation, Senator Dawes lobbies President Ulysses Grant  for more humane treatment of the Indians. He opposes the adversarial stance of General William Tecumseh Sherman . The Dawes Commission http://www.archives.gov/genealogy/heritage/native-american/dawes.html|Commission to the Five Civilized Tribes , 1893-1914 develops a proposal to break up the Great Sioux Reservation to allow for American demands for land while preserving enough land for the Sioux to live on. The Commission\'s plan is held up by Sitting Bull\'s opposition. He has risen to leadership among the Sioux as one of the last chiefs to fight for their independence. Dawes, in turn, urges Eastman to help him convince the recalcitrant tribal leaders. After witnessing conditions on the Sioux reservation, Eastman refuses. The prophet Wovoka  raised Western Indian hopes with his spiritual movement based on a revival of religious practice and the ritual Ghost Dance; it was a messianic movement that promised an end of their suffering under the white man. The assassination of Sitting Bull and the massacre of nearly 200 Indian men, women and children by the 7th Cavalry at Wounded Knee Creek on December 29, 1890 ended such hopes. Henry L. Dawes\' wanted to increase the cultural assimilation of Native Americans into American society by his Dawes Act  and his later efforts as head of the Dawes Commission. During the 47 years of implementing the Act, Native Americans lost about 90 million acres  of treaty land, or about two-thirds of their 1887 land base. About 90,000 Indians were made landless. The Implementation of the Dawes Act disrupted Native American tribes\' communal life, culture, and unity.{{cite book}}Gibson, Arrell M. Gibson. "Indian Land Transfers." Handbook of North American Indians: History of Indian-White Relations, Volume 4. Wilcomb E. Washburn & William C. Sturtevant, eds. Washington DC: Smithsonian Institution, 1988. pp. 226–29'] ['{{Plot|datePart One: War19411944Part Two: Cold War1961 Part Three: War  1992  The final section, set in 1992 at the height of the Yugoslav wars, sees Blacky as an embittered yet still patriotic warlord; he inadvertently orders the execution of Marko and Natalija who are still making a living as war profiteers, running guns for the various factions. In a surreal ending, all friends and family, living and dead, are reunited at Jovan’s wedding, where Ivan  ends the film with a closing monologue.'] [' The film opens on the morning of September 11, 2001. United States Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld is hosting a breakfast for a number of members of the United States Congress. The purpose of the breakfast was to procure an increase to the defense budget, with Rumsfeld claiming they will soon need the money as something big is likely to occur soon given the rise of Islamic Extremism against the United States. While the aircraft have been crashed into the World Trade Center, President Bush is at Emma E. Booker Elementary school in Florida. White House Chief of Staff Andrew Card informs Bush that "a second plane has hit the second tower, America is under attack!". After 8 - 11 Minutes President Bush prepares to leave the school, he interrupts a reporters question so as to not alarm to school children as to the events unfolding in New York City.  President Bush orders Rumsfeld to take the nation to Defcon 3 and put the military in high alert. He discusses the situation with Vice President Cheney and order the grounding of all Civil aviation. He leaves Florida on Air Force One headed for Washington DC. While in the air, Naval Intelligence uncovers a credible threat against "Angel" . The President escort Fighter wing is notified to be on the highest possible alert status. The United States Secret Service is evacuating all non-essential personnel, While Cabinet members are escorted to the Presidential Emergency Operations Center. Vice-President Cheney and National Security Advisor Condoleezza Rice are informed that there is an unresponsive aircraft headed for Camp David. Cheney orders the fighters to attempt contact, however if the plane doesn\'t respond or turn around it is to be shot down. The plane disappears off radar with Cheney assuming he has ordered the deaths if 200 or more US Citizens. President Bush is apprised of the situation and is told reports from the FAA are suggesting that the Air Force didn\'t shoot down the plane but a group of passengers learned of the event in New York and took matters into their own hands. President Bush wants to be back in Washington DC, and after conferencing with the DCI and other members of his cabinet, he orders the Secret Service to fly him home immediately. President Bush arrives at the White House that evening and addresses the nation, informing them that they are now in a war on terror. Over the next hours and days, Bush meets countless times with his cabinet to determine an appropriate response, which ultimately lead to his declaration of "if you\'re not with us, you\'re against us" and the wars in both Afghanistan and Iraq.'] ["The stage manager of a popular music hall is charged with murder. During his confession, we see the story of the music hall and its entertainers in flashback. When the music hall closes down, a trio of unemployed friends vow to bring the business back from the dead by staging a musical they hope will be a hit. If their gamble pays off, they'll have the money to buy the theater for themselves and the power to control their own destinies."] ['Emma Küsters , a working-class woman lives in Frankfurt with her son and daughter-in-law. While she is doing outreach work assembling electric plugs, Frau Küsters learns that her husband Hermann  has killed his supervisor and then committed suicide. It later becomes apparent that Mr. Küsters had become temporarily insane after hearing layoff announcements. A group of reporters take advantage of the grieving Mother Küsters to sensationalize the deaths. Finding no solace from her son Ernst , daughter-in-law Helene , who promptly go on holiday, or daughter , Küsters turns to Karl and Marianne Thälmann , two members of what turns out to be the German Communist Party . They introduce themselves at Hermann\'s funeral, and invite her to their home, which Marianne had inherited. The Communists see Küsters\'s husband as a \'revolutionary\' and a misguided victim of capitalism, but she is initially unpersuaded; her husband saw communists as troublemakers. Her daughter Corinna advises her mother to have nothing to do with them, and points out the differing conditions enjoyed by the authorities and the people in the East. An article on the tragedy by Niemeyer , a photojournalist who had earlier shown a particular interest in the family, appears in a magazine. Emma finds the article objectionable, but her daughter, who has embarked on an affair with Niemeyer, defends him on \'earning a living\' grounds. At the factory, Emma Küsters finds that the company pension scheme will not apply in her case; the workers\' council and the company board are at one on the issue. Her daughter leaves, and Ernst and Helene, newly returned from holiday, announce they are to set up home on their own. Helene, expecting a child, does not get along with her sister-in-law. Emma Küsters now joins the Communist Party, having found Karl\'s newspaper article more sympathetic, but after Küsters speaks at her first DKP political gathering she meets a young male paper seller who claims to really have her interests at heart in clearing her husband\'s name. He gives her his contact details. She quickly grows impatient with the communists\' passive tactics; they have to campaign in the forthcoming elections Karl explains. She connects with a small group of anarchists, who, though even smaller in number than the communists, claim to have more spirit. There are two endings to the film: *The anarchists\' leading member, Horst Knab, demands to see Niemeyer at the magazine\'s offices but the secretary  says he is unavailable. The editor suggests Küsters send in a letter which he might publish. The anarchists take the staff hostage at gunpoint, including Niemeyer, now living with Corinna, who arrives unaware how far the situation has developed. The anarchists demand the release of all political prisoners in West Germany, a Mercedes 600 to take them to the airport and a Boeing 707 to take them out of the country. Küsters looks horrified at the anarchists\' demands but is killed in a subsequent clash with the police. Knab kills Linke  but Knab is also shot.  *In another ending , Niemeyer is at the magazine offices but as the staff start to leave at the end of their working day, the two anarchists grow bored with the sit-down strike and leave with Küsters remaining. After being told by her daughter Corinna, clearly now living with Niemeyer who has \'phoned her, that she is making herself ridiculous, Emma Küsters meets the friendly janitor of the newspaper\'s offices, whose wife is dead. The widow and widower leave to have dinner together, apparently beginning a romantic relationship.The two versions are included in the Arrow Films Region 2  DVD edition of the film. Fassbinder\'s film criticizes the blood-thirst of the 1970s German media in a similar manner to The Lost Honour of Katharina Blum . However, Fassbinder\'s film goes further by criticizing the overwhelming selfishness present in contemporary society. Nearly everyone who Mother Küsters encounters is self-serving and unconcerned with comforting her. Fassbinder also clearly criticizes the small German Communist Party\'s moderation and "armchair activism."'] ['The peace of Skokie, a comfortable Chicago suburb, is threatened when Frank Collin , a politically astute neo-Nazi organizer, selects the place as the site of his next rally. Close to 40 percent of the town’s population is Jewish, and many of them are survivors of the Holocaust. They see the march as a warning and reminder of their days as concentration camp prisoners. The Jewish community decides to stand against the rally at all cost to make sure that the Holocaust will never be forgotten or allowed to happen again. Moderate leaders Bert Silverman  and Abbot Rosen  advise the Jewish community to ignore the neo-Nazis; the strategy they put forward is “quarantine”, isolating the meeting by totally ignoring the neo-Nazi presence and refusing to be provoked. The logic is simple: if the Jewish community refuses to acknowledge the rally and thus refuses to feed the media any publicity, the meeting will be futile and eventually forgotten. However, one citizen challenges their argument. A Holocaust survivor, Max Feldman , says that he was told to ignore the Nazis nearly 40 years ago in Germany, and before he knew it he was in a concentration camp. He says this time he will take action, and he is ready to shed blood if necessary. Led by this de facto spokesman, most members of the community agree to protest. The film spans a year and a half of legal battles and explores the meaning of freedom and First Amendment in the United States of America.'] ["Jake Cassevetes  is a world renowned cameraman who has just arrived back from being embedded during the U.S. invasion of Iraq. Jake does not buy into the theory of a corporate-controlled press. Though, after having much of his best footage in Iraq censored by the network, Jake is growing disillusioned with his corporate masters. During this Jake befriends a young boy , and in time meets his mother, Tina Santiago , a pretty young widow whose husband died while serving in Iraq, who he comes to form a close bond. Jake then gets an assignment to shoot on the streets of the Republican National Convention protests, there he meets Seven, one of the young leaders of a masked anarchist Black Bloc. Jake quickly wins the trust of the group and is allowed to shadow them as they move through the demonstration. Later that night, after shooting Seven with her mask down describing the Bloc's militant objectives, the videotape is returned to the network with the rest of his footage by Jake's Girlfriend and co-worker Chloe , without Jake's permission. When he goes to retrieve the tape, he is told the network made a deal with the Department of Homeland Security to review all footage to look for potential terror suspects. Which is in fact being used to compile a database of activists. Realizing the danger he has brought to Seven and the Black Bloc itself, Jake decides to use his skills and access at the network to jam the government controlled corporate media and broadcast the truth of the protests and the message of a new generation of activists."] ['Gene Hackman stars as Johnny Gallagher, a Master Sergeant in the United States Army who is assigned to escort a prisoner named Thomas Boyette  back to the United States. When Boyette escapes, Gallagher pursues him and discovers that Boyette is actually a professional assassin hired to kill the leader of the Soviet Union after a meeting in Chicago with the president of the United States. Gallagher is joined by his ex-wife Eileen, a lieutenant colonel in the US Army  and Chicago police Lt. Milan Delich .'] ["J.K.  is a Hotel Manager. One day he gallantly comes to the rescue of a politician's drunk daughter, Aarti . Aarti falls in love with J.K. and both get married in a small ceremony. Few years into marriage, differences arise to such an extent that they decide to separate. Years later, J.K. and Aarti meet again when she is an established politician. They both feel the closeness between them but she does not want her name to be tarnished and jeopardize her career."] ['An iconic rock legend, Jack Fate , is bailed out of prison to perform a one-man benefit concert for a decaying future North American society. The film touches on many subjects from the futility of politics, the confusion of loosely strung government conspiracies, and the chaos created by both anarchy and Nineteen Eighty-Four-styled totalitarianism. It further reflects on life, dreams, and God\'s place in a seemingly increasingly chaotic world. In some ways, the film is political: it describes how Fate sees the political landscape  but at the same time Fate makes it clear that he "was always a singer and maybe no more than that". He produces no solutions to any of the problems the film presents. Rather, he makes it clear that he "stopped trying to figure everything out a long time ago."'] ["A Cardinal  is falsely accused of treason because he represents a sect that is a range to the new regime. The Interrogator , an old friend of the Cardinal's, is given the task of persuading him to make a public confession of treason. The Interrogator eventually breaks though by showing how the Cardinal became a priest to escape from his childhood. To purge his sin, the Cardinal confesses to every lie of which he is accused, and is released to face a silent, bewildered crowd. There is a subplot about a young warder ([[Ronald Lewis  who is in love with a married woman , who wants to leave the country and join her husband.<ref namehttp://nla.gov.au/nla.news-article41856242 |titleThe Australian Women's Weekly |location19 October 1955 |accessdate65 |publisher=National Library of Australia}}"] ['The film is based on the massacre at Gwangju on May 18. It occurred when President Chun Doo-hwan tried to eliminate any rebels by using military force. Min Woo leads a relatively peaceful life with his younger brother Jin Woo—until the day the soldiers go on the rampage against the citizens. The citizens form a militia determined to protect their loved ones, and Min-woo finds himself in the middle of it all.'] ["Maria is a white farmer who runs  a failing coffee plantation in an unnamed African country in the present day. Civil war has broken out and rebel soldiers, many of them child soldiers, are advancing on the area. Rebels on the radio advocate attacks on emblems of colonialism. Maria's workers leave, but she refuses to abandon the plantation, and searches for men to finish harvesting of the coffee. As she and her family await the inevitable, the tensions in their personal relationships, and in their relations with the African community, become exposed. Maria puts the farm in even more danger when she looks after a wounded rebel officer known as 'The Boxer'."] ['Gu Qing, a soldier from the propaganda department of the CCP Eight Route Army in CCP-controlled Shaanxi, travels alone from Yan\'an to the northern KMT-controlled area of Shaanxi, Shanbei, with the task of collecting the peasants\' folk songs in order to re-write them with communist lyrics in order to boost the morale of the Eight Route Army soldiers. Yellow Earth begins with a scene depicting a communist soldier walking several miles. He reaches a small village where he is assigned to live with a poor family with the task of recording local folk songs for use in the army later. He learns the hardships of peasant life and especially of that of a peasant girl named Cuiqiao. The story then focuses on the girl, who at only age 14 is forced to marry a significantly older man as her wedding dowry was used to pay for her mother\'s funeral and brother\'s engagement. The Communist soldier "Brother Gu" attempts to dissuade Cuiqiao from running off and joining the CCP, but recognizes her despair. After her marriage, Cuiqiao crosses the Yellow River at night, and her drowning is implied. The story then fast forwards to a rain dance being performed by the villagers, as the land has dried up and peoples\' crops have died.'] ['The movie unfolds at least nine different stories on very different levels. First, there is John as a reporter, trying to capture the interesting things in daily life of Hong Kong and persuading himself that in this way he gives his life a meaning. Second, there is Vivian, who is trying to find a balance in life, trying to escape from the underground and forget about her past, but is not allowed to do so because of the prejudices that go back thousands of years in the Chinese society . Third, there is Vivian , with a possibility to discard all the problems she has with a simple option of marrying John and going to the West. But she knows that would just be running away from the core of the problem and it wouldn\'t really be a long-term solution, because of different cultural backgrounds and maybe even because of a subtle uncertainty regarding John\'s ex-wife and ex-life. Fourth, there is Jean, with her own story and with a typical Hong Kong here-today-who-knows-where-tomorrow attitude--living the moment, enjoying and suffering at the same time, perfect reflection of modern life, especially so easily seen in Hong Kong. She understands all the different kinds of hardships that come in life--her face is disfigured--but also understands where to draw the line in selling herself. John tries to help her, but does that in a dishonest way, which disappoints her tremendously. Jean\'s story was inspired by a short story by the American-British author Rachel Ingalls, according to a note in the film\'s credits.http://www.avclub.com/articles/wayne-wang,13516/http://www.calendarlive.com/movies/reviews/cl-movie980416-6,0,6006146.story Fifth, there is friendship between John and Jim. Close, mutually understanding, with enough humor and sarcasm to keep them going even through the bad days. Sixth, there is Chang, a man of power, of high position, but a wimp in his heart. Money can\'t replace what he doesn\'t have in personality. No charisma, no morality, no care. Just money and status. He is ashamed of Vivian, and loves her in his own pathetic, cowardly way at the same time. He doesn\'t marry her but rather arranges a mock wedding photo-shoot, so Vivian would have some pictures . He is very much into "saving face" and can not find an equilibrium in his life . Seventh, there are John and Vivian. A story of true love that just isn\'t meant to be. Not because they wouldn\'t want it to, but because of the constraints of the society they live in. Eighth, there is John , perplexed with his own mortality of which awareness appears suddenly and without preparation. Ninth, there is the political aspect of Hong Kong politically becoming a part of China again, which  was a great uncertainty.'] ['Following a news story depicting the demolition of a slum in East London, South Africa, journalist Donald Woods  seeking more information about the incident, ventures off to meet black activist Steve Biko . Biko has been officially banned by the South African government and is not permitted to leave his defined banning area at King William\'s Town. Woods is formally against Biko\'s banning, but is still critical of his political views. Biko invites Woods to visit a black township to see the impoverished conditions and to witness the effect of the government imposed restrictions which make up the apartheid system. Woods begins to agree with Biko\'s desire for a South Africa where blacks have the same opportunities and freedoms as those enjoyed by the white population. As Woods comes to understand Biko\'s point of view, a friendship develops between them. After a political speech at a gathering outside his banning area, Biko is arrested and later beaten to death while in police custody. Woods works to expose the police\'s complicity in Biko\'s death. He meets with Jimmy Kruger , the South African Minister of Justice in his house at Pretoria, but his efforts to expose the truth lead to his own banning. Woods and his family are targeted in a campaign of harassment by the security police. He later decides to seek asylum in England to expose the corrupt and racist nature of the South African authorities. After a long trek, Woods is eventually able to escape to the country of Lesotho, disguised as a priest. His wife Wendy  and their family later join him, and are flown to Botswana with the aid of Bruce Haigh ([[John Hargreaves , a controversial Australian diplomat who uses his diplomatic immunity to help them. In the film however Hargreaves\' character is an Australian journalist. The film\'s epilogue displays a graphic detailing a long list of anti-apartheid activists , who died under suspicious circumstances while imprisoned by the government. Contrary to popular belief, the listing\'s dates in the graphic actually stopped before the film\'s release, as the Apartheid government stopped releasing the increasing transparently false "official explanations" for deaths in custody.'] ["As the film opens, Guilio Andreotti gives an inner monologue observing how he has managed to survive his tumultuous political career while his various detractors have died. A montage shows the murders of various people connected to Andreotti, including journalist Mino Pecorelli, Carabinieri general Carlo Alberto Dalla Chiesa, bankers Michele Sindona and Roberto Calvi, and former prime minister Aldo Moro. The story of Giulio Andreotti, a seven-time prime minister of Italy notorious for his alleged ties to the Mafia. The narration spans the period from Andreotti's seventh election in 1992, to his failed bid for the presidency of the Italian Republic, to the Tangentopoli bribe scandal, until his trial in 1995."] ["Beginning at the Roosevelt family's vacation home on Campobello Island, New Brunswick, Canada , in the summer of 1921, Franklin is depicted in early scenes as vigorously athletic, enjoying games with his children and sailing his boat. Suddenly stricken with fever and then paralysis, subsequent scenes focus on the ensuing conflict in the following weeks between the bedridden FDR, his wife Eleanor, his mother Sara, and his close political adviser Louis Howe over FDR's political future. A later scene portrays FDR literally dragging himself up the stairs as, through grit and determination, he painfully strives to overcome his physical limitations and not remain an invalid. In the final triumphant scene, FDR is shown re-entering public life as he walks to the speaker's rostrum at a party convention, aided by heavy leg braces and on the arm of his eldest son James. The play and film both omit any mention of Warm Springs, Georgia and of Roosevelt's stay there, and of Roosevelt's creation of a rehabilitation center at Warm Springs."] ["The movie covers the last 14 months of George Jackson's life, and his existence under subjective and objective conditions in California's industrial prison complex. George Jackson would spend 11 years in jail  for a $70 gas station robbery crime in 1960. He was 18 years of age when the sentence of one year-to-life was handed down to him. The movie encompasses the infamous Soledad Brothers case in which George Jackson, Fleeta Drumgo, and John Clucheette are accused of murdering a Soledad prison guard, in retaliation for the killing of three Black inmates involved in a fight with White inmates on an exercise yard in Soledad State Prison, Soledad, California. Reflecting the general prison movement in the late 1960s and early 1970s, and the role the Black Panther Party would play in organizing both the outside communities in America as well as their influence on prisoners across the country. George Jackson would be moved and inspired as a result of the Panther Party activities. As a prison organizer, George was recruited by Black Panther Party founder Huey P. Newton to head the Peoples Army, a euphemism which would become synonymous with the name Black Guerrilla Family. The film points out the conspiratorial nature of occurrences, which surrounded the events of August 7, 1970, where Jackson's 17-year-old younger brother, Jonathan Jackson, played by Ezra J. Stanley, would be killed at the Marin County Courthouse, at San Rafael, California, during an alleged hostage takeover attempt to leverage against the release of the elder Jackson, and the other Soledad Brothers. The younger Jackson and three others would be killed, including Superior Judge Harold Haley and August 21, 1971, where George Jackson himself, and five others would be killed at San Quentin State Prison, California, during what is described as a prison break attempt. After a nationwide manhunt, Angela Davis would be captured and stand trial in connection with the Marin County Court House liberation attempt by Jonathan Jackson, accused of conspiracy in supplying 17-year-old Jonathan Jackson with the weapons used. George Jackson is accused of smuggling a 9mm pistol and extra clips concealed under an Afro-wig, into the prison cellblock following a visit by Attorney Stephen Bingham. Stephen Bingham would leave the country, not returning to face charges until 14 years later. Both, Davis and Bingham would be acquitted. Others possibly involved in connection with the events of August 21, 1971 would never be questioned."] ['The film, set over the course of four consecutive New Year\'s Eves from 1964 to 1967 depicts scenes from each of these years, intertwined with one another as though events happen simultaneously. The audience is protected from confusion by the use of a distinct cinematic style for each section. For example, the 1966 sequences echo the movie of Woodstock using split screens and multiple angles of the same event simultaneously on screen, the 1965 sequences  shot hand-held on grainy super 16 mm film designed to resemble war reporters\' footage. The film attempts to memorialize the 1960s with sequences that recreate the sense and style of those days with references to Haight-Ashbury, the campus peace movement, the beginnings of the modern woman\'s liberation movement and the accompanying social revolt. One character burned his draft card showing a younger audience what so many Americans had done on the television news ten years before the movie\'s release. Other characters are shown frantically disposing of their marijuana before a traffic stop as a police officer pulls them over, and another scene shows the police brutality with billy clubs during an anti-Vietnam protest. The listed fates of the main characters at the ending sequence of American Graffiti were updated again at the end of this sequel. In More American Graffiti, John Milner was revealed to have been killed by a drunk driver in December 1964 , with the ending scene of the movie driving his trademark yellow Deuce at night along a lonely highway toward another vehicle\'s headlights, and is never seen going further, hinting that the crash was in that vicinity. Set on New Year\'s Eve 1964, it is never actually shown that his tragic end comes after his racing win on the last day of the year, very probably instead into the first few moments of 1965, given that the 1967 segment was just barely into 1968. The anniversary of John\'s death is mentioned in both the 1965 and 1966 sequences. Terry "The Toad" Fields\' classification as "missing in action" is not explored in greater detail since the movie shows that he faked his own death. The ending sequence would have read "killed in action" had the story ended there. Terry is believed to be dead by his superiors in 1965 and by his friends – Debbie in 1966 and Steve and Laurie in 1967. Joe Young , Toad\'s war partner, vividly meets his death with a sniper\'s bullet to the chest in one scene after having promised to make Terry a Pharaoh once they get back from Vietnam. The relationship of Steve and Laurie is strained by Laurie\'s insistence that she start her own career, though Steve forbids it saying he wants her to be a mom to their young twins. Free-spirited Debbie "Deb" Dunham has turned from Old Harper to marijuana and has given up her platinum blonde persona for a hippie/groupie one in a long, strange trip that ends with her performing with a country-and-western music group. Wolfman Jack briefly reprised his role, but in voice only. The drag racing scenes for More American Graffiti were filmed at the Fremont Raceway, later Baylands Raceway Park , in Fremont, California.'] ['Milk is the story of Harvey Milk , and his struggles as an American gay activist who fought for gay rights and became California\'s first openly gay elected official. The film opens with archival footage of police raiding gay bars and arresting patrons during the 1950s and 1960s, followed by Dianne Feinstein\'s November 27, 1978, announcement to the press that Milk and Moscone had been assassinated. Milk is seen recording his will throughout the film, nine days  before the assassinations. The film then flashes back to New York City in 1970, the eve of Milk\'s 40th birthday and his first meeting with his much younger lover, Scott Smith . Unsatisfied with his life and in need of a change, Milk and Smith decide to move to San Francisco in the hope of finding larger acceptance of their relationship. They open Castro Camera in the heart of Eureka Valley, a working-class neighborhood in the process of evolving into a predominantly gay neighborhood known as The Castro. Frustrated by the opposition they encounter in the once Irish-Catholic neighborhood, Milk utilizes his background as a businessman to become a gay activist, eventually becoming a mentor for Cleve Jones . Early on, Smith serves as Milk\'s campaign manager, but his frustration grows with Milk\'s devotion to politics, and he leaves him. Milk later meets Jack Lira , a sweet-natured but unbalanced young man. As with Smith, Lira cannot tolerate Milk\'s devotion to political activism, and eventually hangs himself. Milk clashes with the local gay "establishment" which he feels to be too cautious and risk-averse. After two unsuccessful political campaigns in 1973 and 1975 to become a city supervisor and a third in 1976 for the California State Assembly, Milk finally wins a seat on the San Francisco Board of Supervisors in 1977 for District 5. His victory makes him the first openly gay man to be voted into major public office in California and in the top three in the entire US. Milk subsequently meets fellow Supervisor Dan White , a Vietnam veteran and former police officer and firefighter. White, who is politically and socially conservative, has a difficult relationship with Milk, and develops a growing resentment for Milk when he opposes projects that White proposes. Milk and White forge a complex working relationship. Milk is invited to, and attends, the christening of White\'s first child, and White asks for Milk\'s assistance in preventing a psychiatric hospital from opening in White\'s district, possibly in exchange for White\'s support of Milk\'s citywide gay rights ordinance. When Milk fails to support White because of the negative effect it will have on troubled youth, White feels betrayed, and ultimately becomes the sole vote against the gay rights ordinance. Milk also launches an effort to defeat Proposition 6, an initiative on the California state ballot in November 1978. Sponsored by John Briggs , a conservative state legislator from Orange County, Proposition 6 seeks to ban gays and lesbians  from working in California\'s public schools. It is also part of a nationwide conservative movement that starts with the successful campaign headed by Anita Bryant and her organization Save Our Children in Dade County, Florida to repeal a local gay rights ordinance. On November 7, 1978, after working tirelessly against Proposition 6, Milk and his supporters rejoice in the wake of its defeat. The increasingly unstable White favors a supervisor pay raise, but does not get much support, and shortly after supporting the proposition, resigns from the Board. He later changes his mind and asks to be reinstated. Mayor Moscone  denies his request, after being lobbied by Milk. On the morning of November 27, 1978, White enters City Hall through a basement window to conceal a gun from metal detectors. He requests another meeting with Moscone, who rebuffs his request for appointment to his former seat. Enraged, White shoots Moscone in his office and then goes to meet Milk, where he guns him down, with the fatal bullet delivered execution style. The film suggests that Milk believed that White might be a closeted gay man.Edelstein D. "\'Milk\' Is Much More Than A Martyr Movie." NPR. November 26, 2008. Accessed on: January 3, 2009. The last scene is a candlelight vigil held by thousands for Milk and Moscone throughout the streets of the city. Pictures of the actual people depicted in the film, and brief summaries of their lives follow.'] ['{{plot}} A photograph and an audio recording on reel-to-reel tape are dropped off anonymously at the home of Edward Wilson , a senior CIA officer, after the 1961 Bay of Pigs Invasion of Cuba fails due to an undisclosed leak. While riding to work on the bus, Edward is approached by a young boy who asks if Edward has change for a dollar. Upon arriving at work, Edward\'s assistant checks the serial number of the dollar against a long list of serial numbers assigned to various code names and confirms that Edward has been given a dollar from "Cardinal". The movie then flashes back to 1939. In 1939 Edward is at Yale University and is invited to join Skull and Bones, a secret society. He is compelled to disclose a secret as part of his initiation: he reveals that as a young boy in 1925 he discovered the suicide note left by his father, Thomas , although he says he never read it. After the ceremony, a fraternity brother tells him that Edward\'s father, an admiral, was to be chosen as Secretary of the Navy, until his loyalties were questioned. Afterwards Edward is recruited by an FBI agent Sam Murach , who claims that Edward\'s poetry professor, Dr. Fredericks , is a Nazi spy, asking Edward to expose his professor\'s background as well as implying that the Professor is homosexual: Edward\'s actions result in Dr. Fredericks\' forced resignation from the university. Edward begins a relationship with a deaf student named Laura , but while on Deer Island, Edward meets and is later aggressively seduced by Margaret \'Clover\' Russell , his friend\'s sister. General Bill Sullivan  asks Edward to join the OSS, offering him a post in London. Later while Edward and Laura are at the beach, Clover\'s brother, John, privately reveals that Clover is pregnant with Edward\'s child and asks him to "do what is expected." Laura, an able lip-reader, sees and walks away. Edward marries Clover. At the wedding reception Edward accepts an offer of a position in the London OSS office from General Sullivan, requiring him to be in England in one week, leaving his newlywed wife. In London he meets his former professor Dr. Fredericks, who is actually a British intelligence operative who had sought to infiltrate a Nazi organization while at Yale, causing the American authorities to suspect that he was a Nazi spy. Despite this, Fredericks recognized Edward\'s gifts and recommended that he be trained in counter-espionage in London. An intelligence officer in the British SOE, Arch Cummings , tells Edward that Fredericks\' indiscriminate homosexual relationships pose a security risk; Edward is asked to deal with his mentor, but Fredericks refuses the chivalrous suggestion to protect himself by returning to teaching. He says he will understand if Wilson wants to "tie his shoe" . Edward delays, prompting Fredericks to kneel down and tie Edward\'s shoe for him. As their meeting ends, he advises Wilson to "quit... while you still have a soul", leaves, and is brutally killed, his body being dumped into the Thames. The time shifts to post-war Berlin, where the Allies and the Soviets, in a race for technological superiority, are trying to recruit as many German scientists as possible. Edward encounters his Soviet counterpart, codenamed "Ulysses", who praises Edward. They plan an exchange of scientists — the Soviets asking for German Nazi and Slavic scientists, while the Americans seek Jewish scientists. Edward is assisted by an interpreter, Hanna Schiller , who wears what appears to be a hearing aid. After Edward learns from his son during a rare phone call home that Clover is having an affair, he accepts Hanna\'s invitation to dinner at her home, and sleeps with her. While they are making love, Edward realizes that Hanna can hear without the use of her hearing aid, exposing her as a Soviet operative. She is killed and Ulysses is notified by her hearing aid being planted in his teapot. After six years in London, Edward returns home to a distant Clover, who now prefers to be called Margaret. Edward presents his son with a miniature model ship inside a glass watch-casing. Margaret explains that her brother was killed in the war; she also confesses that she previously had a brief relationship with another man. When she asks if he had any relationships, Edward replies that "it was a mistake." General Sullivan approaches Wilson again to help form a new foreign intelligence organization - the CIA - where Wilson will work with his former colleague, Richard Hayes , under Phillip Allen . Edward accepts, hiding the details of his position from everyone but Clover/Margaret. Allen discloses his love of Swiss chocolate, prompting Edward to later ask Murach if the FBI has any information on Allen: the resulting file intimates that Allen holds substantial funds in Swiss accounts. Edward\'s first assignment deals with coffee in Central America where the Russians are trying to gain influence. Edward spots Ulysses in the background of footage of the country\'s leader, but doesn\'t disclose this. Another agent is sent covertly as a representative of the Mayan Coffee Company; Edward warns him not to wear his Yale class ring. Edward arranges for airplanes to fly over and release locusts during a public event where the Russians  are present in order to intimidate the Central American leader. Edward later receives a can of Mayan Coffee presumably from Ulysses, containing a severed finger, and Yale class ring, evidently of the American agent. Wilson and Clover go to a Christmas party with their son, who wets himself, out of a heightened state of fear resulting from his fragmented awareness that his father is involved in dark secrets. A Russian requesting asylum and claiming to be high-ranking KGB man Valentin Mironov, who knows Ulysses, is interviewed by Edward. Edward is fully convinced of his honesty. While attending the theater with Mironov and Cummings, Edward encounters his former sweetheart, Laura. They leave the theater separately, meet at a restaurant and rekindle their old romance. Sometime later, Margaret anonymously receives photos of Laura and Edward getting into a taxi together and kissing. A distraught Margaret confronts him. Edward ends the relationship with Laura by returning her jeweled crucifix, which he had kept from their college romance days. Then a Russian defector appears, claiming that he is the real Valentin Mironov, and that the other man actually is Yuri Modin, a KGB operative working for Ulysses. Edward does not believe him, and agents beat and torture the man, and administer liquid LSD because of its alleged truth serum properties. Despite the combined effects of drugs and torture, the second defector insists that he is the true Mironov. He further ridicules his interrogators for their need to believe in the myth of Soviet power which he calls a "great show" and "painted rust". Realising that he will never be believed, the defector hurls himself through the window to the pavement several stories below. The first man claiming to be Valentin Mironov, who has watched the entire ordeal together with Edward, then offers to take LSD to prove his innocence, but Edward doesn\'t think it\'s necessary. Edward visits his son, Edward Jr., at Yale, where he has also joined the Skull and Bones society and has been approached for recruitment by the CIA. Margaret pleads with Edward to persuade their son not to accept, but Edward Jr. joins anyway, believing it will bring him closer to his loving, but distant, father. This widens the rift between Edward and Margaret. Later Edward Jr. overhears Edward and Hays discuss the upcoming Bay of Pigs invasion; Wilson suspects that Edward Jr. may have overheard the conversation and warns his son to be silent. Margaret moves to her mother\'s home in Arizona. The film returns to the recording dropped off at the beginning of the movie. After analysis of clues such as the ceiling fan\'s brand name and the church bells and other sounds heard on the tape, CIA specialists deduce that the photograph may have been taken in Leopoldville, in the Congo. Edward goes there and finds the room. He realizes that the photograph and tape are of his son Edward Jr. when he sees the model ship in the glass watch-casing on the nightstand; its blurred image was the one object in the photo that the CIA team was unable to identify. Ulysses is there and plays Edward an unedited version of the tape, revealing Edward Jr. repeating to his lover, a Soviet spy named Miriam, the classified information he overheard his father discussing. Thus the Cubans and Soviets learned of the upcoming CIA landing at the Bay of Pigs. Ulysses encourages Edward to spy for the Soviets in exchange for them protecting his son. Edward is non-committal, however; he confronts his son, who says that he is in love with the woman and plans to marry her. His son refuses to believe that she is an intelligence agent. Edward exposes Valentin as Soviet spy Yuri Modin after finding evidence of his true identity in a book given to him by Arch Cummings, who is thus exposed as a co-conspirator. Cummings flees to the USSR. After meeting Ulysses in a museum and refusing to betray his country, Edward explains that as the Soviets have won in Cuba it is not necessary to hurt his son. Ulysses notes of Edward Jr.\'s fiancée: "neither of us can be sure about her", and asks Edward, "You want her to be part of your family, don\'t you?" Later, Ulysses\' aide asks him for change to purchase his daughter a souvenir from the gift shop. Edward asks how much it is, and hands him a one dollar bill, commenting that a cardinal rule of democracy is generosity, thus confirming that the aide is Edward\'s defector in place. Edward and Margaret arrive separately in the Congo for Edward Jr.\'s wedding. His fiancée Miriam travels on a small plane to the ceremony but mid-flight is thrown out of the plane. When she fails to arrive at the church, Edward informs a worried Edward Jr. that she is dead. Edward denies any responsibility when Edward Jr. asks; but is visibly affected when his son reveals that Miriam was pregnant. Edward meets with fellow Skull and Bones classmate Hayes  at the new CIA headquarters still under construction. Hayes tells him that Allen is resigning under a cloud of financial improprieties , and that the President has asked him to be the new Director. The President has directed him to do some "housecleaning" and he tells Edward that he needs someone he can trust, saying, "after all, we\'re still brothers" and that Edward is the "CIA\'s heart and soul". He then tells Edward he will be the first head of counter-intelligence. Edward notes the inscription on the new marble wall of the CIA lobby: "And ye shall know the truth, and the truth shall make you free ". Edward is then shown pulling from his home safe the suicide note that his father, Thomas, had left and in which his father\'s words, only now read by Edward, reveal that he had betrayed his country. He left loving words for his wife and son, particularly urging the latter to grow up to be a good man, husband and father and to live a life of decency and truth. Realizing he had done none of those things, Edward sadly burns the note. The film ends with Edward leaving his old office and moving to his new wing in the CIA.'] ['The story opens in 1979 in the village of Charkhi in the Punjab province of Pakistan. Ayesha is a middle-aged widow whose life is centred around her only son, the teenager Saleem, who is in love with Zubeida, a teenage village schoolgirl. Ayesha manages to support herself and her son by her late husband\'s pension and by giving lessons in the Qur\'an to village girls. Generally well-liked and regarded, the only odd thing about Ayesha is that she refuses to go to the village well, having her neighbor\'s daughters draw water for her. Some villagers such as Amin, the postman, are troubled by the recent hanging of former prime minister Zulfikar Ali Bhutto by the new military ruler, Gen. Zia-ul-Haq, who has promised to enforce Islamic law and encourages Islamic missionary and political groups to spread Islamism across Pakistan. Two activists from an Islamist group come to the village, and supported by the village "Choudhary" , start spreading their message of Islamic zealotry and gain recruits to fight the then-impending Soviet invasion of Afghanistan. The older men in the village react with disdain for their message of intolerance and puritanism, express cynicism at Zia\'s continual postponement of democratic elections and are angered when the activists accuse them of being un-Islamic and traitors. Although they struggle amongst the older village men, the activists soon gain a following amongst the village youth, including Saleem. With a mixture of cajoling and intimidation, the activists bring Saleem with them to a political meeting in Rawalpindi, where the speakers exhort their audience to commit themselves to jihad  for the creation of a true Islamic state in Pakistan. Drawn by their missionary zeal and call to serve Islam and Pakistan, Saleem, who wants to lead a more meaningful life than that of a simple village farmer, abandons Zubeida and grows estranged from his mother. Ayesha tries to discourage him from following the Islamists, but fails. Saleem participates in the construction of a wall to surround the girls school to "protect" them and enforcing a shutdown of village shops during namaaz  time, in line with Zia-ul-Haq\'s Islamisation. Both Ayesha and Zubeida are deeply alarmed at Saleem\'s transformation into an angry and hostile young man. Following an agreement between the Indian and Pakistani governments, a group of Indian Sikh pilgrims arrives in Pakistan to visit and pray at Sikh holy sites. A small group of them come to Charkhi, their ancestral village, which they were forced to flee during the bloody partition of India in 1947, when Charkhi became part of the new Muslim state of Pakistan. One of the Sikh pilgrims wants to search for his lost sister, who he believes survived the violence. The Sikh visitors receive a cautious, mixed response from the Muslim villagers, receiving a warm welcome from the village barber while provoking hostility from the growing numbers of the young Muslim zealots. Saleem is angered and embarrassed when he learns that his mother send sweets and savories for the Sikh pilgrims, and that she teaches village girls that non-Muslims could also go to heaven. The Sikh pilgrim asks some of the villagers, including postman Amin, if they knew of any Sikh woman who survived the riots. They respond that they do not know, but Amin visits the hut of the Sikhs in the night and informs him to look for the woman who never goes to the village well. Following the girls who bring water to her house, the Sikh finds Ayesha. Upon seeing her, he asks her if she knows a Sikh woman who survived the riots, and she grows anxious and tells him to go away. Saleem sees the Sikh talking to his mother and shuts the door on him, but hears him call his mother "Veero" and that her aged father wanted to see her one time before he died. Saleem confronts his mother and is shocked to learn that Ayesha used to be Veero, a Sikh. A flashback sequence reveals that Veero was amongst a group of the village\'s Sikh women lining up to commit suicide by jumping into the village well rather than be raped by the rioting Muslim mobs at the time of partition. Although the Sikh men, including her father, want her to jump, Veero refuses and runs away, with only her little brother following her briefly. She is later caught by Muslim rioters and is raped and imprisoned. The man who raped her later feels remorse, and offers to marry Veero. Left alone with the shame of being a raped woman and a non-Muslim in Pakistan, Veero accepts his proposal, converts to Islam, marries him and starts a new life as Ayesha, a Pakistani Muslim. Saleem reports this to his zealot friends, and although they say they do not have a problem with Saleem, who declares he is a true Pakistani and true Muslim, they demand that Ayesha make a public declaration of her belief in Islam. Saleem conveys this demand, but Ayesha refuses. This prompts an increasing boycott of Ayesha from the villagers, including her best friends. For the first time in more than thirty years, she is forced to go to the well and fetch her own water. She meets her Sikh brother at the well and refuses to accompany him, condemning her father for encouraging her to kill herself and asking how he would feel to know that she was living as a Muslim. This does not change her growing isolation, with only Zubeida keeping in touch with her. Realizing that the wounds of her past would not go away, and that she was still not accepted as a Muslim and would not be able to lead a normal life, Ayesha commits suicide by jumping into the well. Saleem buries her, gathers his mother\'s papers and belongings and throws them into the village river. The film concludes in 2002 in Rawalpindi, with Zubeida, now a grown woman who still remembers Ayesha. While walking through the streets, she recognizes a bearded Saleem, now the secretary general of a major Islamist organisation, answering questions about the compatibility of Islamic law with democracy. The film belongs to the genre of partition literatute which includes literary works and film related to the theme of infamous partition of subcontinent\'s partition into two countries and the problems which came with this partition. It has close affinities with the indian film Pinjar released in the same year 2003.'] ['The story is set in Lahore in the time period directly before and during the partition of India in 1947. A young girl with polio, Lenny , narrates the story through the voice of her adult self . She is from a wealthy Parsi family who hopes to remain neutral to the rising tensions between Hindus, Sikhs, and Muslims in the area. She is adored and protected by her parents, Bunty  and Rustom  and is cared for by her Ayah, a beautiful Hindu woman, Shanta . Both Dil Navaz, the Ice-Candy Man  and Hassan, the Masseur  are Muslim and in love with Shanta. Shanta, Dil, and Hassan are part of a small group of friends from different faiths  who spend their days together in the park. With partition, however, this once unified group of friends becomes divided and tragedy ensues.'] ["Veteran photojournalist Richard Boyle has been taking his camera to the world's trouble spots for over 20 years; while he does good work, Boyle's fondness for booze and drugs, and his colossal arrogance, have given him a reputation that's left him practically unemployable. Broke and with no immediate prospects, Boyle and his buddy Doctor Rock, an out-of-work disc jockey, head to El Salvador, where Boyle is convinced that he can scare up some lucrative freelance work amidst the nation's political turmoil. However, when Boyle and Rock witness the execution of a student by government troops just as they enter the country, it becomes clear that this war is more serious than they were expecting. Increasingly convinced that El Salvador is a disaster starting to happen, Boyle eventually decides that it's time to get out; but he has fallen in love with a woman named Maria, and he doesn't want to leave her behind."] ["The film is based on the novel Memórias do Distrito de Diamantina, written by João Felicio dos Santos . It is a romanticized retelling of the true story of Chica da Silva, an 18th century African slave in the state of Minas Gerais, who attracts the attention of João Fernandes de Oliveira, a Portuguese sent by Lisbon with the Crown's exclusive contract for mining diamonds, and eventually becomes his lover. He quickly asserts control, letting the intendant and other authorities know that he's onto their corruption scheme. Eventually Lisbon hears of João's excesses and sends an inspector. José, a political radical, provides Xica refuge."] ['In October 1962, U-2 surveillance photos reveal that the Soviet Union is in the process of placing missiles carrying nuclear weapons in Cuba. These weapons have the capability of wiping out most of the Eastern and Southern United States in minutes if they become operational. President John F. Kennedy  and his advisers must come up with a plan of action to prevent their activation. Kennedy is determined to show that the United States will not allow a missile threat in its virtual back yard. The Joint Chiefs of Staff advise immediate U.S. military strikes against the missile sites followed by an invasion of Cuba. However, Kennedy is reluctant to attack and invade because it would very likely cause the Soviets to invade Berlin. Citing The Guns of August, Kennedy sees an analogy to the events that started World War I, where the tactics of both sides commanders had not evolved since the previous war and were obsolete, only this time nuclear weapons are involved. War appears to be almost inevitable. The Kennedy administration tries to find a solution that will remove the missiles but avoid an act of war. They settle on a step less than a blockade, which is formally regarded as an act of war. They settle on what they publicly describe as a quarantine. They announce that the U.S. Naval forces will stop all ships entering Cuban waters and inspect them to verify they are not carrying weapons destined for Cuba. The Soviet Union sends mixed messages in response. John A. Scali, a reporter with ABC News, is contacted by Soviet "emissary" Aleksandr Fomin , and through this back-channel communication method the Soviets offer to remove the missiles in exchange for public assurances from the U.S. that it will never invade Cuba. A long message in the same tone as the informal communication from Fomin, apparently written personally by Soviet Premier Nikita Khrushchev, is received. This is followed by a second, more hard line cable in which the Soviets offer a deal involving U.S removal of its Jupiter missiles from Turkey. The Kennedy administration interprets the second as a response from the Politburo, and in a risky act, decides to ignore it and respond to the first message, assumed to be from Khrushchev. There are several mis-steps during the crisis: the defense readiness level of Strategic Air Command  is raised to DEFCON 2 , without informing the President; a nuclear weapon test proceeds  and a routine test launch of a U.S. offensive missile is also carried out without the President\'s knowledge. After much deliberation with the Executive Committee of the National Security Council, Kennedy secretly agrees to remove all Jupiter missiles from southern Italy and in Turkey, the latter on the border of the Soviet Union, in exchange for Khrushchev removing all missiles in Cuba. Off the shores of Cuba, the Soviet ships turn back from the quarantine lines. Secretary of State Dean Rusk  says, "We\'re eyeball to eyeball and I think the other fellow just blinked."'] ['During the period that the “Gang of Four” was on the rampage in China, a poet named Qiu Shi who had been in prison for 6 years was secretly transferred from Sichuan to Wuhan by ship under the guard of Li Yan and Liu Wenying. They met six passengers on the ship – a poor girl named Xing Hua who had to sell herself to pay the debts, a just woman teacher, an old actor of Beijing Opera, a frail old woman who had just lost her son, a young worker that had a clear stand on what to love and what to hate, and a little girl in rags. One night, hopeless about her life, Xin Hua jumped into the river to commit suicide. Qiu Shi saved her and used his own experience to encourage the poor girl. All the people on the ship were deeply moved by this brave poet including Li Yan and Liu Wenying. Accidentally, it turned out that the girl in rags was Qiu Shi’s daughter and with the help of those people on the ship, Qiu Shi with his daughter finally got freedom.'] ['The movie takes place in 1970. The Vietnam War is escalating and United States President Richard Nixon has just decided on a "secret" bombing campaign in Cambodia. Faced with a growing anti-war movement, President Nixon decrees a state of emergency based on the McCarran Internal Security Act of 1950, which authorizes federal authorities, without reference to Congress, to detain persons judged to be a "risk to internal security". Members from the anti-war movement, civil rights movement, feminist movement, conscientious objectors, and Communist party, mostly university students, are arrested and face an emergency tribunal made up of community members. With state and federal jails at their top capacity, the convicted face the option of spending their full conviction time in federal prison or three days at Punishment Park. There, they will have to traverse 53 miles of the hot California desert in three days, without water or food, while being chased by National Guardsmen and law enforcement officers as part of their field training. If they succeed and reach the American flag at the end of the course, they will be set free. If they fail by getting "arrested", they will serve the remainder of their sentence in federal prison.{{cite book}}'] ["The film is told in a flashback format with Gage, now living in the United States, returning to his native Greece to solve the mystery of his mother's death when he was a child. The film looks back to the effect of the 1940s Greek Civil War on the remote Greek village of his upbringing, and he investigates what happened to his mother after Communist guerrillas invade the village."] ['The film depicts the real life story of Chiang Bi-Yu . In the 1940s, she and her newlywed husband, Chung Hao-Tung , head to mainland China to join the anti-Japanese resistance. During the war, she is forced to give her baby for adoption. After the war they return to Taiwan, as Chung is to distribute a communist paper called "The Enlightenment". However, as the Korean War deepens, Chiang Kai-Shek\'s Kuomintang regime intensifies the White Terror and Chung is eventually executed. The film consists of three intermingling storylines and scattered throughout the film are interludes of an actress  who prepares for the role of Chiang Bi-Yu, and also confronts her deceased boyfriend\'s past.'] ["Based on a children's book written by Zivko Cingo in the 1970s, the movie is about the difficult transition in Macedonia after World War II. The film begins in the present as old Lem , Macedonian politician who is experiencing a heart attack and while he is being wheeled into a hospital and examined and wired, he has memory flashbacks to his childhood in 1945. He is brought to the 'orphanage' where orphans are children of the enemies of the new regime. There he learns how to adjust to the role of obedient brainwashing. He becomes mesmerized by a new kid, Isak, a beautiful and charismatic boy. The struggles quietly underplaying all of the camp surface activity are many: the dichotomy of a Communist ideology removing the Church from existence with a people dependent upon the spiritual values of religion, the Stalin/Tito issue, the adjustments to the policies of Communist regime in a country where fierce national pride had ruled, and the depersonalization of children into political pawns despite the need for role models and the luxury of growing up with friends and confidants."] ['Rachel Armstrong  is an ambitious reporter for the Capital Sun-Times. When she discovers fellow soccer mom Erica Van Doren  is working as a covert operative for the CIA and recently returned from Venezuela, where she was investigating an assassination attempt on the President of the United States, she confronts her and requests confirmation. Erica refuses to cooperate, but Rachel has no doubts about the veracity of the report, and her story becomes front-page news with the support of editor Bonnie Benjamin  and Avril Aaronson , who serves as the newspaper\'s legal counselor. Because revealing a covert operative\'s identity is a treasonous offence and because the individual who leaked the information to Rachel is a potential threat to national security, special Federal prosecutor Patton Dubois  convenes a grand jury and demands to know who her source is, information she refuses to divulge. High profile attorney Albert Burnside , hired by the newspaper to defend Rachel, is certain his personal friendship with Judge Hall will facilitate matters and is shocked when his client is jailed for contempt of court. Days become weeks, and then months, but Rachel steadfastly defends the principle of confidentiality, a position that eventually estranges her husband Ray , alienates her young son Timmy , and costs her embattled newspaper hundreds of thousands of dollars in fines and legal fees. She is stricken when a member of an extremist right-wing group assassinates Van Doren in her own driveway, as he perceives Van Doren\'s report on Venezuela\'s innocence to be unpatriotic, but she remains silent. Eventually, the President\'s Chief of Staff comes forward and admits that he corroborated Armstrong\'s investigation into Van Doren\'s identity. However, Dubois is only interested in Armstrong\'s original source. Armstrong pleas to Dubois that she could never give up her source as they would have to deal with the consequential ramifications of the death of Van Doren. Burnside even argues her case before the Supreme Court, but they decide against him 5-4, citing the overriding concern of national security. Eventually, Judge Hall decides to release Armstrong from jail, as he is convinced she will never divulge her source and, therefore, cannot be pressured through continued incarceration. On the day she is released, Dubois has the U.S. Marshals arrest her for obstruction of justice and convinces her to take a deal for a shortened sentence rather than go to trial. She agrees to two years in prison, with the possibility of early parole for good behavior. As Armstrong is taken to the facility, she reminisces about her time as a volunteer at Timmy\'s school, and when she spoke to Van Doren\'s daughter, Alison, who revealed to her on a school field trip that her mother worked for the government and recently went to Venezuela on "business" thus revealing Alison as the original source.'] ["The death of King Henry VIII of England throws his kingdom into chaos as his heir, Edward VI, is both under-age and in poor health. Anticipating the young king's imminent death from consumption and anxious to keep England true to the Reformation by keeping the Catholic Mary from the throne, John Dudley, Lord President of the Council and second only to the king in power, hatches a plan to marry his son, Lord Guilford, to Lady Jane Grey, and have the royal physician keep the young king Edward VI alive&mdash;albeit in excruciating pain&mdash;long enough to get him to name Jane his heir. Jane is not happy with the proposed marriage, and must be forced into it through corporal punishment by her parents. At first Jane and Guilford decide to treat their union purely as a marriage of convenience, but then they fall deeply in love. After Edward VI dies, Jane is placed on the throne. She is troubled by the questionable legality of her accession, but after consulting with Guilford, turns the tables on John Dudley and the others who thought to use her as a puppet. After only nine days, however, Queen Jane is abandoned by her council precisely because of her reformist designs for the country. The council then supports Mary, who at first imprisons Jane and Guilford. Consumed with guilt, Jane's father, the Duke of Suffolk, raises a rebellion to restore her to the throne, presumably in concert with Thomas Wyatt's rebellion. When the rebellion fails, Queen Mary I offers to spare Jane's life if she renounces her Protestant faith. When she refuses, Jane, her father and Guilford are all executed."] ['Charles Foster Kane , an enormously wealthy media proprietor, has been living alone in Florida in his vast palatial estate Xanadu for the last years of his life, with a "No trespassing" sign on the gate. He dies in a bed while holding a snow globe and utters "Rosebud..."; the globe slips from his dying hand and smashes. Kane\'s death then becomes sensational news around the world. Newsreel reporter Jerry Thompson  tries to find out about Kane\'s private life and, in particular, to discover the meaning behind his last word. The reporter interviews the great man\'s friends and associates, and Kane\'s story unfolds as a series of flashbacks. Thompson approaches Kane\'s second wife, Susan Alexander , now an alcoholic who runs her own club, but she refuses to tell him anything. Thompson then goes to the private archive of Walter Parks Thatcher , a deceased banker who served as Kane\'s guardian during his childhood and adolescence. It is through Thatcher\'s written memoirs that Thompson learns about Kane\'s childhood. Thompson then interviews Kane\'s personal business manager Mr. Bernstein , best friend Jedediah Leland , Susan for a second time, and Kane\'s butler Raymond ([[Paul Stewart  at Xanadu. Flashbacks reveal that Kane\'s childhood was spent in poverty in Colorado , until the "world\'s third largest gold mine" was discovered on the seemingly worthless property his mother had acquired. He is forced to leave his mother  when she sends him away to the East Coast of the U.S. to live with Thatcher, to be educated. After gaining full control over his possessions at the age of 25, Kane enters the newspaper business with sensationalized yellow journalism. He takes control of the newspaper, the New York Inquirer, and hires all the best journalists. His attempted rise to power is documented, including his manipulation of public opinion for the Spanish American War; his first marriage to Emily Monroe Norton , a President\'s niece; and his campaign for the office of governor of New York State, for which alternative newspaper headlines are created depending on the result. Kane\'s marriage disintegrates over the years, and he begins an affair with Susan Alexander. Both his wife and his opponent discover the affair, simultaneously ending his marriage and his political career. Kane marries his mistress, and forces her into an operatic career for which she has no talent or ambition. Kane finally allows her to abandon her singing career after she attempts suicide, but after a span of time spent in boredom and isolation in Xanadu, she ultimately leaves him. Kane spends his last years building his vast estate and lives alone, interacting only with his staff. The butler recounts that Kane had said "Rosebud" after Susan left him, right after seeing a snow globe. At Xanadu, Kane\'s vast number of belongings are being catalogued, ranging from priceless works of art to worthless furniture. During this time, Thompson finds that he is unable to solve the mystery and concludes that "Rosebud" will forever remain an enigma. He theorizes that "Mr. Kane was a man who got everything he wanted, and then lost it. Maybe Rosebud was something he couldn\'t get, or something he lost." In the ending of the film, it is revealed to the audience that Rosebud was the name of the sled from Kane\'s childhood&nbsp;– an allusion to the only time in his life when he was truly happy. The sled, thought to be junk, is burned and destroyed in a basement furnace by Xanadu\'s departing staff.'] ["In 1947, when Aung San Suu Kyi is two years old, her father Aung San leads Burma to independence. But soon afterwards, on 19 July 1947, he along with a group of his colleagues is assassinated by a military death squad.{{Cite web}} She accepts the role of icon in support of self-determination by the Burmese people and devotes herself to activities in support of goals of greater political freedoms{{Cite news}} Yet their relentless struggling for Suu Kyi's recognition outside Burma is her guarantee she won't be forgotten and cannot disappear unnoticed. Due to her family's efforts, she becomes the first woman in Asia to be awarded the Nobel Peace Prize.{{Cite news}} Yet their separation continues because neither can Suu Kyi attend the ceremony nor can her husband Michael Aris see her one last time before his early death. {{Cite web}}"] ['In the German Democratic Republic  in 1984, secret Stasi officer Hauptmann Gerd Wiesler is assigned by his superior, Anton Grubitz, to spy on successful playwright Georg Dreyman . Wiesler and a Stasi team bug the apartment, set up surveillance equipment in a nearby attic, and begin reporting on Dreyman\'s activities. Dreyman has so far escaped all but cursory attention from the authorities due to his staunchly pro-Communist views and his internationally recognized talent. Wiesler soon learns the real reason behind the surveillance: the Party\'s Minister of Culture, Bruno Hempf, covets Dreyman\'s girlfriend, actress Christa-Maria Sieland , and is using his power to rid himself of a romantic rival. While Grubitz sees this as an opportunity for career advancement, Wiesler is horrified by the abuse of power. Through his surveillance, he knows Dreyman and Sieland are deeply in love. Minister Hempf uses his knowledge of Sieland\'s addiction to prescription drugs to engage her in sexual liaisons. After he discovers Sieland\'s relationship with Minister Hempf through Wiesler\'s indirect help, Dreyman implores her not to meet him again. Sieland at first refuses and flees their apartment. She walks to a nearby bar where she meets Wiesler, who, posing as a fan, reminds her of her talent. The encounter convinces Sieland to return to Dreyman. Although a dedicated Communist, Dreyman is increasingly disillusioned with the way his blacklisted colleagues are treated by the State. At Dreyman\'s birthday party, his close friend Albert Jerska, a blacklisted theatre director, gives him the sheet music to a piece titled "Sonate vom Guten Menschen" . Shortly afterwards, Jerska hangs himself. Wiesler is moved by this turn of events. Infuriated, Dreyman decides to publish anonymously an article on the concealed East Germany suicide rates in the West German periodical Der Spiegel. No suicide rates in the GDR have been published since 1977—the year East Germany had the second highest suicide rate in Europe. Knowing that all East German typewriters are registered, Dreyman uses a miniature typewriter smuggled in from West Germany, which he hides under the floorboards in his apartment. Before talking openly in his apartment, Dreyman and his friends test whether the flat is bugged by feigning an attempt to smuggle one of their blacklisted friends through the Heinrich-Heine-Straße checkpoint of the Berlin Wall. Although aware of the smuggling, Wiesler does not alert the border control police, and the conspirators believe the apartment is secure. Dreyman\'s article on unreported suicides in the GDR is published and enrages the East German authorities. Through an agent working at Der Spiegel, the Stasi obtain a copy of the typed manuscript and realize it was written on an unregistered typewriter with red ink. Meanwhile, Minister Hempf is livid at being jilted by Sieland and orders Grubitz to destroy her. Grubitz arrests Sieland as she attempts to buy drugs at her dentist\'s office. Threatened with the end of her career, Sieland reveals Dreyman\'s authorship of the article. When the Stasi search the apartment, however, they do not find the typewriter. Grubitz then orders Wiesler to interrogate Sieland again, warning him that failure will cost them both. Sieland recognizes Wiesler as the man from the bar and tells him where the typewriter is hidden, agreeing to become an informant. Grubitz and the Stasi team return to Dreyman\'s apartment and lift the floorboards, but the typewriter is not there. They do not know that Wiesler has already seized the evidence. When she sees the horrified look on Dreyman\'s face as he realizes she informed on him, a guilt-ridden Sieland runs into the street and is struck by an oncoming truck and killed. Dreyman runs downstairs and holds his dead girlfriend in his arms, weeping inconsolably. Grubitz offers his perfunctory condolence and leaves the scene. Realizing that Wiesler obstructed the investigation, Grubitz informs him that he is being demoted to Department M where disgraced agents steam-open letters. He assures Wiesler that he will be there for the rest of his working life. As he leaves, Grubitz discards a newspaper that announces Mikhail Gorbachev as the new leader of the Soviet Union. Four years and seven months later, Wiesler is steaming open letters in a dank, windowless office, when a young co-worker tells him of the fall of the Berlin Wall. Understanding that this means the end of the Stasi, Wiesler and his co-workers walk away from their jobs. Two years after German reunification, former Minister Hempf and Dreyman have a chance encounter. Dreyman asks Hempf why he was never under surveillance, and Hempf tells him he was in fact being monitored. After uncovering the surveillance equipment in his apartment, Dreyman goes to the Stasi Archives to read through the files on his activities. He figures out that Sieland was released just before the second search and could not have removed the typewriter. Seeing a fingerprint in red ink on the final typewritten report, he realizes that Stasi Agent "HGW XX/7" had knowingly covered up Dreyman\'s authorship of the suicide article and had removed the typewriter before the Stasi search team arrived. Deeply moved, Dreyman locates Wiesler and watches him go about his new job delivering mail. Two years later while delivering mail, Wiesler passes a bookstore and sees a window display promoting Dreyman\'s new novel, Sonate vom Guten Menschen. Wiesler goes inside, opens a copy of the book, and discovers that it is dedicated "To HGW XX/7, with gratitude". As Wiesler purchases the book, the sales clerk asks if he wants it gift-wrapped, and Wiesler responds, "No, it\'s for me."'] ["Captain Robert Gould Shaw leads a company of Union soldiers from a Massachusetts Infantry Regiment in an attack on Confederate troops at the Battle of Antietam, on September 17, 1862. His regiment suffers heavy losses, Shaw is wounded, and later loses consciousness. He is awakened by a black gravedigger named John Rawlins and sent to a field hospital. While receiving medical attention, Shaw is told that President Lincoln is on the verge of passing the Emancipation Proclamation; freeing slaves in rebel held territory. While on leave in Boston, Shaw is promoted to Colonel, and given command of the 54th Massachusetts Volunteer Infantry, the first all-black regiment. He accepts, and asks his friend, Cabot Forbes, to be his second-in-command. Their first volunteer soldier is another of Shaw's friends, an educated black man named Thomas Searles. Many more men join the regiment; including an escaped slave named Trip, a free black man named Jupiter Sharts, as well as the gravedigger Rawlins. At the military camp, the company is forced to endure the unyielding strict discipline of Sergeant Major Mulcahy. After spending time doing mostly menial work, Shaw realizes his unit is to be used only for manual labor. Shaw confronts his commanding officers Charles Garrison Harker and James M. Montgomery, whom he finds are involved in war profiteering and corruption, and threatens to report them to the War Department if the 54th infantry is not deployed for combat. Shaw's request is granted, as the regiment later participates in a skirmish in South Carolina where they successfully repulse a Confederate attack. Soon after, Shaw volunteers the 54th infantry to lead an assault on Fort Wagner. After nightfall, he leads the men in a charge upon the fort. Shaw attempts to rally the men forward, but is shot and killed. Numerous other soldiers including Trip, Rawlins, Thomas, Forbes and Jupiter in the regiment charge up the parapet and die in the fighting too. The film's epilogue displays a series of graphics stating that Fort Wagner was never taken. It also notes how news of the regiment's courage spurred the recruitment of numerous black volunteers, and by the end of the war, there were more than 180,000 African American men in uniform; a fact which President Lincoln considered instrumental in securing a victory for the Union."] ['David Thewlis plays eccentric English pianist and composer Mr. Kinsky, who lives in a very old, but charming villa in Rome. Thandie Newton plays his housemaid Shandurai, an African refugee whose husband is a political prisoner on “the Black continent”. Kinsky falls in love with Shandurai, sends her gifts regularly, for which she is often mad. Once, having presented her ring, he dares to express the love he feels for her, but she refuses him angrily. When he asks her what he should do to make her love him, she shouts, “Get my husband out of jail!” Then Kinsky for the first time realizes that Shandurai is married. Despite this, he still immensely loves her and, in order to help her, he is selling precious things from his home, memories from the past, while Shandurai becomes his muse and inspiration in the present. Finally, he will sell his “essence”, piano, completely giving in to love for the young woman, although she doesn’t return it to him. In one scene, when an African priest asks him why he doesn’t give concerts in public, Kinsky answers, “I am just not good enough.” But everything else suggest that he is, and not only as an artist, but also as a person, which is the fact that even Shandurai will reveal him in the last scenes of the film. As the movie goes on, Shandurai’s feelings, when it comes to her husband, are going from love to loyalty, whereas for Mr. Kinsky, quite conversely. While that second love is growing, she more and more feels and loves the music of piano, finally being completely seduced by it. At the end, she has to choose between love for Englishman and loyalty to her husband, but, it seems that the film ends at the right moment, as if the choice hasn’t happened at all. Thus, a viewer is stuck for good in the very same moment of agony in which Shandurai stays, aware that any decision goes at the expense of her happiness.'] ["Louis Pinnock  is a struggling urban factory worker. In this alternative reality, it is a large underclass of white Americans who live in rundown, crime-infested ghettos and face prejudice from the broader society, while the comfortable middle and upper class is predominantly black. In an effort to go above and beyond in his position , in the candy factory in which he works, Pinnock delivers a package for his boss, to successful  Thaddeus Thomas . After Pinnock accidentally sees Thomas's wife coming out of the shower, he is subsequently fired, beaten up by the police and forced to watch his family evicted. In a radical quest for justice, Pinnock kidnaps Thomas, which forces the two men to bond, as well as argue over race relations and the roots of social inequality."] ['{{Expand section}} The film Amen. examines the links between the Vatican and Nazi Germany. The central character is Kurt Gerstein , a Waffen-SS officer employed in the SS Hygiene Institute, designing programs for the purification of water and the destruction of vermin. He is shocked to learn that the process he has developed to eradicate typhus, by using a hydrogen cyanide mixture called Zyklon B, is now being used for killing Jews in extermination camps. Gerstein attempts to notify Pope Pius XII  about the gassings, but is appalled by the lack of response he gets from the Catholic hierarchy. The only person moved is Riccardo Fontana , a young Jesuit priest. While the character of Kurt Gerstein is historical, the character of the young priest is fictional, and the plot is fictional.'] ['Journey of Waris Dirie  from a nomadic pastoralist background in Somalia to a new life and career in the West as a fashion model and activist against female circumcision.'] ['Second-term Democratic U.S. President Jackson Evans  must select a new vice president following the sudden death of the current VP. The obvious choice seems to be Virginian Governor Jack Hathaway , who is hailed as a hero after he recently dove into a lake in a failed attempt to save a drowning girl. The president opts not to choose Hathaway, claiming that the administration cannot afford another Chappaquiddick. The President instead decides that his "swan song" will be helping to break the glass ceiling. He nominates Laine Hanson , a talented senator from Ohio who is a Republican-turned-Democrat. Standing in her way is Republican Congressman Shelley Runyon  of Illinois, who believes she is unqualified for the position, and backs Hathaway for the nod. His investigation in her background turns up an incident where she was apparently photographed participating in a drunken orgy as part of a sorority initiation. The confirmation hearings begin in Washington, D.C., and Runyon, who chairs the committee, quickly addresses Hanson\'s alleged sexual imbroglio. Hanson refuses to address the incident, neither confirming nor denying anything, and tries to turn the discussion towards political issues. Anticipating that Hanson would deem her personal past "none of anyone\'s business," Runyon starts rumors in the media saying that the sexual escapade in college was done in exchange for money and favors, making it prostitution. Meanwhile, a woman testifies in front of the committee saying that Hanson engaged in a relationship with her then-husband prior to their divorce. Though Hanson is not guilty of adultery, her reputation is further tarnished. Senator Hanson meets with the President and offers to withdraw her name, to save his administration more embarrassment. Despite the wishes of the administration, she refuses to fight back or even address Runyon\'s charges, arguing that to answer the questions dignifies them being asked in the first place—something she does not believe. The President meets with Runyon, informing him he will not choose Hanson as Vice President. Runyon casually brings forward Governor Hathaway as a replacement. They make an agreement that Runyon will back down on his attacks if the President chooses Hathaway as Vice President. However, the President requests Runyon to make a public statement defending Hathaway. Hanson, Hathaway and Runyon are all invited to the White House. The president then shocks them by showing a FBI report that proves Hathaway paid the woman to drive off the bridge into the lake. It was part of a plan to increase his approval ratings and become the obvious choice for VP. Hathaway is arrested and Runyon is disgraced because he vouched for Hathaway\'s integrity just hours earlier. The president meets with Hanson, and she finally tells of what actually happened that night in college. She did indeed arrive at a fraternity house to have sex with two men as part of an initiation, but changed her mind before any sexual acts occurred. The girl in the photo was actually someone else. Though they have the evidence to vindicate Hanson, she explicitly expresses that a statement not be made, even if it will clear her; citing that by doing so will further the idea that it was acceptable to ask the questions in the first place. The president addresses all of Congress and uses Runyon\'s predicament as a way to gather support for Hanson\'s nomination.'] ["The main character is journalist named Digu Tipnis  who uncovers network of telephone tapping, relations between trade unions and politicians etc. The plot addresses Maharashtra's political corruption linked with Mumbai's enterpreneurial sector.{{cite web}}"] ['In student lodgings in Munich, Sophie Scholl and a close friend, Gisela Schertling, are bent over a radio. They sing along softly as Billie Holiday sings "Sugar". Sophie announces that she must go. She walks through darkened streets and quietly steps in a door. In a cellar studio, members of the White Rose student organization, including Sophie\'s brother Hans, are preparing copies of their sixth leaflet. They have mimeographed more than they can distribute through the mail. Hans hits on the idea of distributing the extras at university the next day. Willi argues that the risks are unacceptable. Hans announces that he will take full responsibility. Trying to reassure the others, Sophie volunteers to assist Hans, explaining that a woman is less likely to attract the attention of any security personnel. The next day, Sophie carries a small suitcase as she and Hans walk to the main building of Munich University. They cross the square that now bears their name . In the building, where classes are in session, they set about putting down stacks of leaflets near the doors of lecture rooms. With only minutes left until the period ends, they start to leave, but Sophie tells Hans she still has some copies left over. Running to the top  floor, she sets a stack of leaflets on the balustrade, then impulsively pushes them over the edge. The mass of sheets flutters to the floor of the great atrium. Descending the stairs, Hans and Sophie seem safely enveloped in the anonymous throng of students emerging from lecture rooms. However a janitor who saw Sophie scatter the leaflets shouts at them to stop, detains them until police come  and arrest them. The Gestapo orders that the building shall be sealed. The siblings are taken to the Munich Stadelheim Prison, where Sophie is interrogated by Gestapo investigator Robert Mohr. Claiming initially to be apolitical, she presents an elaborate alibi; she and her brother had nothing to do with the fliers, she merely noticed them in the hall and pushed a stack off the railing because it is in her nature to play pranks; she had an empty suitcase because she was going to visit her parents in Ulm and planned to bring back some clothes. Her deception seems to be working; she is dismissed. As her release form is about to be approved, though, the order comes not to let her go. She is placed in a prison cell with fellow prisoner Else Gebel. The investigation has found incontrovertible evidence that Sophie and Hans were indeed responsible for the distribution of anti-Nazi leaflets. Sophie concedes her involvement  but, determined to protect the others, steadfastly maintains that the production and distribution of  copies of leaflets in cities throughout the region were entirely the work of Hans and herself. Mohr admonishes her to support the laws that preserve order in a society that has funded her education ; Scholl counters that before 1933 the laws preserved the right of free speech. She has seen police spit in the face of her Jewish schoolteacher, seen mentally disabled children taken away in trucks to be euthanized, learned about the Jewish extermination camps from soldiers returned from the eastern front. Some lives are unworthy, Mohr suggests; every life is precious, counters Sophie, final judgments are not for humans to make. Mohr cannot understand how conscience can be a reliable basis for action. "Without law, there is no order. What can we rely on if not the law?" Mohr asks. Sophie mildly replies, "Your conscience. Laws change. Conscience doesn\'t." He is affronted by her frank dismissal of Hitler. When she says that she is willing to accept all blame, and refuses to name accomplices, he ends the interrogation.  Sophie, her brother and a married friend with three young children, Christoph Probst, are charged with treason, troop demoralization and abetting the enemy. In the subsequent show trial, Probst is the first to be examined by President of the People\'s Court Roland Freisler, whose prosecutorial zeal makes the nominal prosecutor superfluous. Freisler contemptuously dismisses Probst\'s appeals to spare his life so that his children can have a father. Hans maintains a taut composure in the face of Freisler\'s increasingly impatient questioning. Declining to answer only what he is asked, he avers that the defeat of the Nazi state has been made inevitable by the alliance of Russia, Britain and the United States; all Hitler can do is prolong the war. He has seen the conditions on the Eastern Front; the judge has not. In her own examination, Sophie declares that many people agree with what she and her group have said and written, but they dare not express such thoughts. Freisler pronounces the three defendants guilty and calls on each to make a brief final statement. Sophie tells the court that “where we stand today, you [Freisler] will stand soon.” Sophie, who had been told that legal practice was that execution was not earlier than 99 days after conviction, learns that she is to be executed that day. She is put into a room, where a table and chair are, with paper and pen to write her last words while fighting to maintain her composure. Then she is told that she has visitors. She is visited by her parents, who express their approval of what she has done. She assures her mother they will meet again in heaven. Mohr comes to the prison and sadly watches Sophie taken away after understanding her predicament. The prison chaplain comes and she receives his blessing. He tells her she has the greatest love of all — to give up one\'s life for one\'s friends. She is led into a cell where Christoph Probst and Hans await. They quietly share a cigarette, then embrace. Probst remarks that what they did was not in vain. As Sophie is led into a courtyard, she says "The sun is still shining" She is brought to the execution chamber and placed in a guillotine. The blade falls and the picture goes black. Footsteps are heard, then Hans\'s voice exclaiming "Es lebe die Freiheit!" . Another shudder as the blade closes. More footsteps, a third fall of the blade . In the closing shot, thousands of leaflets fall from the sky over Munich. A title explains that copies of the White Rose manifesto were smuggled to Scandinavia and thence to England, where the Allies printed millions of copies of the "Manifesto of the Students of Munich" that were subsequently dropped on German cities. The first frames of the credits list the names of the seven members of the White Rose group who were executed, more than a dozen who were imprisoned, and supporters and sympathizers who received draconian punishments.'] ["In a Galician town, a young boy, Moncho, goes to school for the first time and is taught by Don Gregorio about life and literature. At first Moncho is very scared that the teachers will hit him, as that was the standard procedure then, but he is relieved to discover that don Gregorio doesn't hit his pupils. Don Gregorio is unlike any other teacher; he builds a special relationship with Moncho, and teaches him to love learning. Don Gregorio also builds a special relationship with Moncho's father , who is a Republican like him. Moncho's mother is luke-warm towards the Republic, her main concern being belief in God and at the end of the film she sides with the Nationalist rebels. When Fascists take control of the town, they round up known Republicans, including don Gregorio. Because of the fact that Moncho's father is a Republican, his family fears that he too will be taken away in the purge if the fascists discover his political leanings. In order to protect themselves, the family goes to the town square to jeer the captured Republicans as they are paraded out of the court house and boarded onto a truck. The film ends with Moncho, despite his continued great affection for his friend and teacher, yelling hateful things and throwing rocks at don Gregorio and the other Republicans, as instructed by his mother, as the truck carries them away, although the last thing Moncho yells are the words for the tongue of a butterfly, espiritrompa , a favourite word taught to him by don Gregorio in an attempt to let his dear friend know that he does not truly mean the words he is yelling."] ["Aaron, a married Orthodox Jewish father of four living in Jerusalem, takes over his family’s butcher shop after the recent death of his father. Ezri, a nineteen year old homeless Yeshiva student, visits the shop to use the telephone. After turning down Ezri's offer to help around the shop, he later finds Ezri asleep in the local synagogue and offers him space to stay at the shop. Aaron takes Ezri on as an apprentice and encourages his religious studies and his talent for drawing. The two men become close after Ezri invites Aaron to take a ritual bath in the outskirts of the city. Rivka, Aaron’s devoted wife, initially welcomes her husband’s apprentice into their family circle. One evening after Aaron asks Ezri to draw his portrait, Ezri makes a sexual advance, which Aaron rebuffs. Later, however they kiss and begin a sexual relationship. Rivka becomes suspicious when her husband begins to arrive late at home. Rabbi Vaisben, a family friend, warns Aaron against associating too closely with Ezri, reporting that he was expelled from his local yeshiva, but Aaron defends him. Rivka, increasingly concerned, sees them leaving the shop together late at night. Being a devout religious man, living in a Haredi community, Aaron is torn between his family and devotion to God, and the intense feelings he has for Ezri .Internet Movie Database[http://www.filmfund.org.il/page.aspx?sectionmovie&itemidOctober 2012}} Aaron is repeatedly told that Ezri is a bad influence and perhaps even cursed; local people start warning Ezri to stay away from them. Flyers begin to circulate in the neighborhood, prompting many to boycott the butcher's shop. Under increasing social, commercial and family pressure, Aaron tries to break off ties with Ezri but is unable to bring himself to do so. Confronted by Rabbi Vaiseben, Aaron is unabashed, feeling alive only now. Ezri encounters his former lover on the streets of their neighborhood, which escalates into Ezri being attacked by some locals. Aaron witnesses the attack but does not intervene. He consoles Ezri afterwards, but they both realize it is time for Ezri to leave the community. Aaron continues to be distressed by this, asking for Rivka's understanding and protection. He returns early one morning to the spot where he took a bath with Ezri. He submerges himself beneath the water for a prolonged period before the camera fades to black."] ['The Soviet Union, summer 1936. Comdiv Sergei Petrovich Kotov, his wife Maroussia , and their young daughter Nadia are relaxing in a banya, when they are suddenly interrupted. A peasant from the local collective farm explains that the Soviet Army\'s tanks are about to crush the wheat harvest as part of general maneuvers. Although annoyed to be bothered during his vacation, Kotov rides on horseback to where the tank crews are confronting outraged peasants. At first, a tank officer is angry that Kotov curses him out. When the older man borrows a Soviet officer\'s cap, the tank crews realize they are addressing a senior Old Bolshevik and legendary hero of the Russian Civil War. Taking the radio receiver, Kotov speaks directly to Marshal Mikhail Tukhachevsky. As the tank crews listen in admiration, Kotov familiarly addresses the Marshal as "Misha" and persuades him to hold maneuvers elsewhere. Maroussia teases her husband for being "coarse." Nadia does not agree, and the happy family returns to their country dacha. There, they join Maroussia\'s relatives, a large and eccentric family of Chekhovian aristocrats. Into the pastoral setting comes Mitya , an ex-nobleman and veteran of the anti-communist White Army. He was Maroussia\'s fiance before disappearing in 1923. Joyfully embraced by the family, he is introduced to Nadia as "Uncle Mitya." Maroussia is left feeling deeply conflicted, as she had suffered deeply when he left without explanation. Despite his personable nature, Mitya appears to have returned with a secret agenda, as he works for the Soviet political police, or NKVD. He has arrived to arrest Kotov for a non-existent conspiracy. It is revenge, as Kotov had conscripted Mitya into the CHEKA, the predecessor of the NKVD. Mitya detests Kotov, whom he blames for causing him to lose Maroussia, his love for Russia, faith, and his profession as a pianist. Kotov remarks on Mitya\'s activities in Paris, where he fingered eight White Army generals to the NKVD. All were kidnapped, smuggled to the Soviet Union, and shot without trial. Kotov says Mitya is "a whore" whose loyalties were "bought." Believing Mitya\'s plans to arrest him are a personal vendetta, Kotov boasts of his personal popularity and close relationship with Stalin. Mitya vows to repeat these words at the Lubyanka prison — after Kotov has been forced to confess to false charges of espionage, treason, and plotting to murder Stalin. The men come to blows but when young Nadia returns, they again pretend to be friends. A black car carrying NKVD agents arrives for the arrest of Kotov. A group of Young Pioneer children arrives at the dacha to pay tribute to Kotov as a hero of the Revolution and the Civil War. In a deeply ironic moment, Kotov leads them all in an oath of loyalty to Joseph Stalin and the Communist Party of the Soviet Union as Mitya looks on. Moments later, Mitya summons Kotov to the car. Continuing the charade, Mitya and Kotov allow Nadya to ride part of the way with them. After kissing her father and Mitya goodbye, she walks down the road toward home. Maintaining his military coolness, Kotov coldly vows to telephone Stalin and destroy the careers of those who have arrested him. However, the NKVD agents find the road blocked by the truck of a peasant who has gotten lost. When Kotov tries to leave the car to give the peasant directions, the NKVD agents batter him and shackle his hands. Certain that the peasant was sent to rescue Kotov, the agents summarily execute the horrified peasant on the spot. As the car drives past the peasant\'s body, Kotov realizes in horror who has really ordered his arrest. With his Communist ideals shattered, Kotov sobs inconsolably. Meanwhile, Mitya looks on unmoved. The car drives on until a massive poster of Joseph Stalin shields it from view. Mitya is then seen bleeding to death in a bathtub, having slashed his wrists. He whistles the suicide tango, To ostatnia niedziela , until his song ceases. As Nadia skips home across a field, a postscript appears on the screen: Comdiv Sergei Petrovich Kotov "confessed" to all charges and was shot in August 1936. Maroussia was arrested and died in the Gulag in 1940. Although arrested with her mother, Nadia lived to see all three sentences overturned during the Khrushchev thaw. Having inherited her mother\'s musical gifts, Nadia Kotova works as a teacher in Kazakhstan. In the English release, the postscript ends with the words, "This film is dedicated to all who were burnt by the sun of the Revolution."'] ["Starting out in the 1940s, the story finds the elder Sorn bed-ridden. To an old friend, he recalls his childhood growing up in 1880s Siam, during the reign of King Chulalongkorn and the action flashes back to that time. Sorn's brother was a gifted classical musician, so gifted in fact that it caused a rivalry with other musicians that ended in Sorn's brother's death. Because of that, Sorn's father bars the boy from taking up the ranad-ek . However, Sorn, who has shown a talent for the instrument since an early age, defies his father and sneaks off to practice playing in an abandoned temple in the jungle. Eventually, he becomes so skilled at the instrument that his father lets him play after he speaks to a monk who advises him that he should not deny him the right to play ranad-ek. Sorn excels in his studies to the point where he is noticed by other bands. They ask for his presence to complete. He becomes arrogant and misses practice telling his father that his faith isn't misplaced. His father teaches his place by putting him on the Kong-wong. At the competition, the competitor scares his uncle  and becomes clear that the competitor has superior skill. As their playing, the judge realises that Sorn isn't playing on the ranad-ek and calls the teacher out on the fact that if they have a good player, might as well bring out the good material because then you can lose with dignity. The band starts over and plays the same song, but it is obvious that Sorn is skilled. He wins every competition as a boy. So One day, in a local village, Sorn and his ensemble are set up to perform in a courtyard. Across the courtyard is another ensemble, led by a fierce-looking bearded ranad-ek player dressed in black. As the rival player starts to perform, a storm whips up adding to the ominous mood of the setting. Sorn is disturbed by his fiery ability to play and wants to learn like him. But Sorn's talent does not go unnoticed and he is soon chosen to play for a local nobleman and is sent to the palace for more formal music training. There he meets an older man that he thinks is a palace caretaker, or some type of lowly person that does not know about music. However, later, when Sorn is to meet his new teacher, Master Tian, it is revealed to be the old man he met earlier. Tian turns out to be a strict teacher and instructs Sorn on all the instruments of the Thai classical music ensemble. At one point, Sorn is punished for being too flashy a player and is made to relinquish the ranad-ek to an inferior player, much to the dismay of other members in his ensemble, as well as a high palace official watching the performance. So when it comes time for the kingdom's musical competition, it is Sorn who is again the lead player. However, Sorn must overcome his fear at the competition, because he must again face the fierce, bearded ranad-ek performer. The story flashes back forward to the 1940s again, showing Sorn as a respected teacher. One day Sorn's son has a piano moved into his father's studio. The expectation is that his father will be furious at having a newfangled Western instrument brought into his house. But instead of being mad, he instructs his son to play a tune on the piano. The elder Sorn then takes up his ranad-ek mallets and improvises with his son, blending Thai and Western music. This is during the rule of the dictator, Field Marshal Plaek Pibulsonggram, whose government called for the accelerated modernisation of Thailand. As a result, performances of traditional Thai music, dance and theatre were frowned upon. In Sorn's neighbourhood, the orders are enforced by Lieutenant-Colonel Veera. Sorn teaches the Lieutenant a nation can only withstand outside forces if their nation is strong. For that to happen, they must believe in themselves. No matter what, they must protect their heritage and honor it regardless of what they are to become. Sorn plays not only to defy the rules, but to teach a lesson about culture and heritage."] ['A disgraced Richard Nixon is restlessly pacing in the study at his New Jersey home, in the late 1970s. Armed with a loaded revolver, a bottle of Scotch whisky and a running tape recorder, while surrounded by closed circuit television cameras, he spends the next 90 minutes recalling, with rage, suspicion, sadness and disappointment, his controversial life and career in a long monologue. Nixon\'s monologue often veers into tangents, often concerning his family, the people who made him powerful or the people who took him out of power. Nixon recalls his mother fondly, Dwight Eisenhower with hatred, Henry Kissinger with condescension and John F. Kennedy with a mixture of appreciation and rage. When Nixon gets frustrated or enraged at the person he is thinking about, the monologue often becomes disjointed; the passion overwhelms Nixon\'s ability for words. If he veers too far off topic, he tells the person who is supposed to transcribe the tape to edit out the whole screed back to an earlier, calmer point. Throughout the monologue, Nixon\'s description of himself changes. Sometimes he calls himself a man of the people, saying that he could succeed because he had known failure, just like the average American; he broods on his humble beginnings and the hard work he put in to rise to the top, and all the setbacks that he endured and overcame. However, the times when he talks about his own ideas and accomplishments in flattering terms tend to be brief, and they often bleed into self-pitying rants about how he is an innocent martyr, destroyed by sinister and hypocritical forces. Similarly, he can be self deprecating or otherwise reflect a low self-image, but he rarely focuses on his own faults for long, preferring instead to blame others. In the film, he denies the relevance of Watergate and claims that he never committed a crime. He emphasizes that he was never charged with a crime, therefore he did not need or deserve a pardon. He feels that the pardon he received from President Gerald Ford forever tainted him in the public\'s eyes, because to get a pardon he must have been guilty. However, in the end Nixon admits that he has been the willing tool of a political network he alternately calls "the Bohemian Grove" and "The committee of 100". The alleged interest of the committee is the heroin trade with Asia, although he followed them rather out of a lust for power plus some belief in their willingness to bring democracy to Asia. However, after the 1972 vote he received new orders from them: they wanted Nixon to keep the Vietnam war going on at all costs, then go for a third term in office, so they can continue their business with the president as their strawman. Nixon further explains that at some point he decided that he didn\'t want to go down in history as the president who sacrificed thousands of American soldiers for drug money, so he himself staged the Watergate scandal to get out of office against the massive public support. So in the end, he again puts the blame on others: on the public that supports him although &mdash; or even because &mdash; he is a scam artist and a petty thief, just like the majority of them, as he sees it.'] ['Samuel Bicke is portrayed as an individual who wants the world to function according to honor and merit, yet he\'s often paranoid and dishonest, and he gets flustered and angry when things don\'t go according to his plans. He clearly wants to reconcile with his estranged wife Marie but cannot accept that she\'s moved on without him. He states that he stopped working for his brother because he perceives that his brother forced him to lie in his job, yet he lies about his marital status to get employment. He attempts to join the Black Panthers, as he believes that discrimination affects poor white people just as much as it does blacks, but his explanations for that fact don\'t impress the local Panther leadership. While out drinking with his new employer at an office furniture sales office, the employer describes Richard Nixon as the greatest salesman in history, because his election promise in 1968 was to exit the Vietnam War, yet he massively increased troop numbers and won an easy re-election in 1972 on a promise of ending the same war. His employer is condescending towards him and gives him patronizing advice, while his lack of social skills and scattershot morality make him an abysmal salesman. Throughout the film he becomes increasingly disillusioned with friends, family, his status in society, the lot of the those who are employed and his job in particular. He decides to set up a mobile tire sales business so that he will no longer be employed by others, and applies for a government loan to set up the business. Bicke then suffers several setbacks in short succession. His sales figures continue to deteriorate, and during a clumsy attempt to hit on a customer he reveals that, despite what he has told his employer, he is in fact separated, which his colleague hears and passes on to the boss. He then desperately tries to get Marie to join him for a company event, but she refuses to keep up a "charade" and asks him why he needs her there if his sales are as good as he has told her about. He then gets a letter from Marie saying she has filed for divorce, and when he reaches her by telephone she tells him to get a life and hangs up on him, leaving him to weep in despair. Shortly afterwards, he deliberately tanks a sale and quits, with his boss seeming relieved that he\'ll be gone, and begins ranting when he sees President Nixon giving a speech on TV, repeatedly screaming "It\'s about MONEY, DICK!!!". He decides that as he is certain to receive his loan he can order his tires now and start the business, and breaks into his brother\'s tire sales business to make a large order, to be delivered to his best friend and prospective business partner, Bonny. However, the loan is rejected and Bicke comes home one night to find a notice on his door that his rent is past due, and his brother, Julius, waiting in his flat. Julius reveals that the vendor became suspicious and contacted police, and Bonny was arrested for receiving stolen goods, which Bicke pathetically tries to say is due to racism against the African-American Bonny. Julius has bailed Bonny out and smoothed things over with the police, but says that he wants nothing more to do with Bicke, and will have him arrested if he ever does anything similar. With nothing and no one left in his life that he cares about, Bicke begins obsessing about Nixon. One night, after he watches a news story about a helicopter pilot who did a fly-by around the White House and got arrested, he begins putting together a plan to hijack a passenger airliner himself and crash it into the White House. Bicke closes his bank account, steals a gun from Bonny which he conceals on his leg, heads to a restaurant where his old boss and colleague are dining. He sarcastically thanks the boss for showing him that being a good man and a good salesperson aren\'t the same thing, and aims the gun at him under the table, but can\'t bring himself to pull the trigger and flees. He goes to his and Marie\'s old house; he sleeps in the deserted, mostly barren home before he shoots and kills the family dog. The next morning, he goes to the Baltimore-Washington International Airport. He buys a ticket and waits in line to board his flight. Seeing the security procedures, he has a last minute change of plan and rushes on board the airplane, shooting indiscriminately as he goes. Once on board he seems to have little idea of what he is doing. He shoots one pilot in the head and the other in the shoulder, and finds a passenger to act as co-pilot. However, he is shot through the window in the plane\'s door. While the authorities close in on the plane, he commits suicide. The day\'s events are shown on TV, but as the film ends, his ex-wife and former best friend have no reaction to the mention of Bicke\'s name. Bicke then runs around his apartment with a toy plane and heads straight into the camera as the screen cuts to black. The film ends with a title card that says even if Bicke had succeeded at hijacking the plane, his plan would have failed because Nixon wasn\'t in the White House that day.'] ["It tells the story of a wealthy American businessman named Jack Moore  working in China and attempting to put together a satellite communications deal as part of a joint venture with the Chinese government. Before the deal goes through, he is framed for the murder of a powerful Chinese general's daughter, and the satellite contract is awarded to Moore's competitor, Gerhardt Hoffman. Moore's court-appointed lawyer Shen Yuelin, , initially does not believe his claims of innocence, but the pair gradually unearths further evidence that not only vindicates Moore but also implicates powerful figures within the Chinese central government administration, exposing undeniable conspiracy and corruption. Shen manages to convince several high-ranking Chinese officials to release evidence that proves Moore's innocence. Moore is quickly released from prison while the conspirators that framed him are arrested. At the airport, Moore asks Shen to leave China with him, but she decides to stay as there are many more things to change in China. However, she admits that meeting Moore has changed her life, and she considers him part of her family now. They both then share a heartfelt hug on the airport runway."] ["In 1978, David Raybourne is an American novelist who lives in Rome and works as a journalist in a small English-language newspaper. He is romantically involved with Lia, the estranged wife of an Italian Industrialist, and befriended by Italo Bianchi, a politically left-leaning lecturer at a Rome University. The movie re-creates the backdrop of politically charged atmosphere and student unrest, in which the infamous Red Brigades commit their spate of violent attacks which rocked northern Italy in the 1970s, culminating in the Kidnapping and later murder of Aldo Moro, former Italian Prime Minister. As part of a plan to write a commercial novel and raise money to marry and support Lia in the style to which she is accustomed, Raybourne researches the activities and organization of the Red Brigades. He writes the draft of a novel, realistic but fictitious, with the plot centered around the kidnapping of a central political figure by the Red Brigades. During this time David Raybourne meets a beautiful and sexually provocative young photojournalist, Alison King. She is eager for a news story and is introduced by Raybourne to Italo Bianchi. Alison King becomes convinced that Raybourne knows something about the Red Brigades and is hiding a potential scoop from her, so after a sexual dalliance, she searches his apartment and finds Raybourne's novel draft. She brings this to the attention of Bianchi who despite his mild manner and seemingly moderate politics, is actually collaborating with the Red Brigades. He delivers the draft to a Red Brigade contact and the similarity of his fictitious plot to their actual kidnap plans causes them to conclude that their plans have been leaked. Raybourne realizes he is being hunted when the Brigades attack the newspaper offices where he works killing everyone present, and he attempts to escape with Alison King, with the aid of his romantic connection, Lia. It turns out that Lia is even more deeply involved with the Red Brigades than Italo, and after a chase, Raybourne and King are captured. They are held while the kidnapping of Aldo Moro takes place and after this is achieved, the Brigades leadership accuse Lia for the leak and shoot her for her apparent betrayal, right before Raybourne's and King's eyes. They force King to photograph the body and instruct Raybourne to publicize the story as a warning to any future traitors. The movie ends with Raybourne being interviewed on American television regarding the successful publification of a now non-fiction book about the Red Brigades and his contact with them."] ['The film opens with Henry Kray being interviewed by a reporter about the events about to unfold on-screen. Henry is the son of a powerful and conservative Senator from North Carolina. Senator Kray has gained a national reputation in part by attacking homosexuality. Unknown to the senator, Henry is gay. The senator plans to kick off his re-election campaign at a luncheon at Henry\'s college campus and he expects Henry to deliver his introduction. Henry\'s sexuality is something of an open secret around campus, to the extent that the campus gay activist group has created a chart of his sexual partners. The night before Senator Kray is scheduled to arrive, Henry hooks up with Anthony, a former ACT UP activist who\'s drifted away from activism. The day of the speech, Anthony is approached by a campus activist who wants to enlist his help in outing Henry. Anthony and his friend Izzie have an argument about it and Izzie  storms off. She\'s hit by the limousine transporting the senator and his wife Eunice. The senator\'s party brings her along with them and Eunice takes a shine to her. She gives Izzie a suit and invites her along for the luncheon. Henry invites Anthony as well, insisting that he sit at the dais with him. Henry introduces his father, who begins his speech. As the speech continues, Henry stands up, pulls Anthony to his feet and kisses him in full view of the national media, outing himself before the activists have the chance to. In the firestorm of controversy, the Senator and his team decide to spin the event by stressing that the Senator still loves his gay son. Meanwhile, one of the campus activists congratulates Anthony for outing Henry, and even though Henry decided to "out" himself, the bond of trust that had started to form between him and Anthony shatters. The film closes with Henry summarizing the aftermath. He and Anthony don\'t see each other. Izzie has died of AIDS. The Senator won re-election despite, or perhaps because of, the controversy.'] ["One night, a thief fleeing through Georgetown in Washington, D.C. is shot by a man carrying a briefcase. A pizza delivery man who witnesses the incident is also shot by the killer and is left in a coma. The following morning, a young woman is killed by a Washington Metro train in an apparent suicide. Congressman Stephen Collins  of Pennsylvania is distraught to hear the news, he claims because the woman was Sonia Baker , a lead researcher on his staff. Collins, who has military experience, is leading an investigation into PointCorp, a private defense contractor with controversial operations involving mercenaries. Collins tells his old friend Cal McAffrey , an investigative reporter, that he had been having an affair with Sonia and that she had sent him a cheerful video message on the morning of her death, which he says is inconsistent and unusual behavior for someone about to commit suicide. Della Frye , a reporter and blogger with the online division of Cal's newspaper and its editor, Cameron Lynne , discover that Sonia's death occurred in one of only three CCTV blind spots in the Metro camera system. Cal believes the shootings are related to Sonia's death and finds a link between the petty thief and a homeless girl who sought out Cal. The homeless girl gives him photographs that the thief, a friend of hers, had stolen from the killer's briefcase. The photos show surveillance images of Sonia talking to a well-dressed man. Della visits the hospital where the pizza delivery man is regaining consciousness. While at his room she witnesses the pizza delivery man shot dead by an unseen sniper. Later, she reviews CCTV footage and recognizes a man she saw at the hospital. It is revealed that PointCorp stands to gain $40&nbsp;billion annually from its mercenary activities in the Middle East and domestically. Cal speaks with Collins, who shares his research findings &mdash; PointCorp is cooperating with other defense contractors to create a monopoly and purchase government surveillance and defense contracts, essentially privatizing United States security from the government. Cal's PointCorp insider returns with the address of someone linked to the suspected assassin. Cal finds the assassin living there and calls the police, who force the man to disappear after he shoots at Cal. Della, following a close lead, finds the identity of the well-dressed man who was speaking to Sonia in the listed photographs. He is Dominic Foy , a PR executive working for a subsidiary of PointCorp. Cal blackmails him into talking about his activities with Sonia and secretly tapes their conversation. The PR executive reveals that Sonia was actually paid to spy on Collins and seduce him to get informations for PointCorp, but then she fell in love with Collins and she was already pregnant with his child when she was killed. Before Cal's newspaper goes to press, Collins goes on record to present his research into PointCorp. Collins' wife Anne ([[Robin Wright  reveals that she knows the amount of money Sonia received from PointCorp, after just hearing Collins' statement to the newspaper. After the couple leaves, Cal realizes that Collins knew already that Sonia was working for PointCorp. Cal then wonders what Collins would have done had he known he had been tricked and whether Collins himself is connected with Sonia's assassin. A picture of Collins from his military days, with the assassin in the frame, confirms Cal's hunch. Collins reveals that he had been suspicious of Sonia, and that he hired the assassin to watch her. The assassin is U.S. Army Corporal Robert Bingham , whose life Collins had once saved. Collins says that Bingham hated PointCorp more than he did and he killed Sonia with no authorization from him. Cal tells Collins that he has three minutes to leave his office before the police arrive, as he has already contacted them. As he leaves the building, Cal is confronted by Bingham. Officers arrive and shoot Bingham before he opens fire. Cal leaves and goes to his office. There, Cal and Della type up their own story, noting that Collins was secured and arrested."] ['The governor of an unnamed western state, Hubert "Happy" Hopper , has to pick a replacement for recently deceased U.S. Senator Sam Foley. His corrupt political boss, Jim Taylor ([[Edward Arnold , pressures Hopper to choose his handpicked stooge, while popular committees want a reformer, Henry Hill. The governor\'s children want him to select Jefferson Smith , the head of the Boy Rangers. Unable to make up his mind between Taylor\'s stooge and the reformer, Hopper decides to flip a coin. When it lands on edge – and next to a newspaper story on one of Smith\'s accomplishments – he chooses Smith, calculating that his wholesome image will please the people while his naïveté will make him easy to manipulate.  Junior Senator Smith is taken under the wing of the publicly esteemed, but secretly crooked, Senator Joseph Paine , who was Smith\'s late father\'s oldest and best friend. Smith develops an immediate attraction to the senator\'s daughter, Susan . At Senator Paine\'s home, Smith has a conversation with Susan, fidgeting and bumbling, entranced by the young socialite. Smith\'s naïve and honest nature allows the unforgiving Washington press to take advantage of him, quickly tarnishing Smith\'s reputation with ridiculous front page pictures and headlines branding him a bumpkin. To keep Smith busy, Paine suggests he propose a bill. With the help of his secretary, Clarissa Saunders , who was the aide to Smith\'s predecessor and had been around Washington and politics for years, Smith comes up with a bill to authorize a federal government loan to buy some land in his home state for a national boys\' camp, to be paid back by youngsters across America. Donations pour in immediately. However, the proposed campsite is already part of a dam-building graft scheme included in an appropriations bill framed by the Taylor "political machine" and supported by Senator Paine. Unwilling to crucify the worshipful Smith so that their graft plan will go through, Paine tells Taylor he wants out, but Taylor reminds him that Paine is in power primarily through Taylor\'s influence. Through Paine, the machine in his state accuses Smith of trying to profit from his bill by producing fraudulent evidence that Smith already owns the land in question. Smith is too shocked by Paine\'s betrayal to defend himself, and runs away. Saunders, who looked down on Smith at first, but has come to believe in him, talks him into launching a filibuster to postpone the appropriations bill and prove his innocence on the Senate floor just before the vote to expel him. In his last chance to prove his innocence, he talks non-stop for about 24 hours, reaffirming the American ideals of freedom and disclosing the true motives of the dam scheme. Yet, none of the Senators are convinced. The constituents try to rally around him, but the entrenched opposition is too powerful, and all attempts are crushed. Owing to the influence of Taylor\'s machine, newspapers and radio stations in Smith\'s home state, on Taylor\'s orders, refuse to report what Smith has to say and even distort the facts against the senator. An effort by the Boy Rangers to spread the news in support of Smith results in vicious attacks on the children by Taylor\'s minions. Although all hope seems lost, the senators begin to pay attention as Smith approaches utter exhaustion. Paine has one last card up his sleeve: he brings in bins of letters and telegrams from Smith\'s home state, purportedly from average people demanding his expulsion. Nearly broken by the news, Smith finds a small ray of hope in a friendly smile from the President of the Senate ([[Harry Carey . Smith vows to press on until people believe him, but immediately collapses in a faint. Overcome with guilt, Paine leaves the Senate chamber and attempts to commit suicide by shooting himself. When he is stopped, he bursts back into the Senate chamber, loudly confessing to the whole scheme, and affirms Smith\'s innocence.'] ['Andy Osnard is an MI6 spy exiled to Panama after having an affair with an ambassador’s mistress. He wants to uncover something big that will get him back into London’s good graces. Believing Panama to still be corrupt after General Noriega’s reign, and as the Americans have now given the Panama Canal back to Panama, Osnard concludes that if he can find out where the true balance of power surrounding the canal is, London will want him back. His informant is Harry Pendel, who is the tailor to many of Panama\'s elite, including the President of Panama. Pendel, who has a few secrets of his own, is a former convict, a fact that he has carefully kept concealed. Harry\'s wife, Louisa, is the assistant to the Panama Canal Authority\'s administrator. Harry is in need of money and doesn’t have the business sense to ask his customers for the money to pay for their suits. Osnard knows that Harry has been lying about his background. He persuades the tailor to spy on the President of Panama, and to find out what he intends on doing with the canal. Pendel agrees and begins spinning stories to keep the money from Osnard flowing. Pendel briefs Osnard that the President of Panama is going to sell the Panama Canal to the Chinese. He adds that a revolution is being planned by the "Silent Opposition", and eventually inspires a third U.S. invasion of Panama. The British Ambassador to Panama finds out that Osnard is spinning a bunch of tall tales, but only demands a bribe to keep quiet. The invasion is cancelled at the last minute when Louisa goes to the Panama Canal Authority\'s Administrator and gets him to contact the President of Panama, who calls the U.S. government and gets them to cancel the looming invasion.'] ['Stephen Meyers  is the junior campaign manager for Mike Morris , Governor of Pennsylvania and a Democratic presidential candidate, competing against Arkansas Sen. Ted Pullman  in the Democratic primary. The candidates are campaigning in Ohio. Both campaigns are attempting to enlist the endorsement of North Carolina Democratic Sen. Franklin Thompson ([[Jeffrey Wright , who controls 356 convention delegates, enough to clinch the nomination for either candidate. After a debate at Miami University, Meyers is asked by Pullman\'s campaign manager, Tom Duffy , to meet in secret. Meyers calls his boss, senior campaign manager Paul Zara , who doesn\'t answer. Meyers leaves a message that something important has come up. Meyers decides to meet Duffy, who offers Meyers a position in Pullman\'s campaign, an offer Meyers refuses. Zara calls Meyers back and asks what was important, but Meyers says it was nothing to worry about. Meyers starts a sexual relationship with Molly Stearns , an intern for Morris\' campaign and daughter of Jack Stearns , the chairman of the Democratic National Committee. Meyers admits to an angry Zara that he met with Duffy, and that Duffy said his candidate, Pullman, will offer Thompson the position of Secretary of State, guaranteeing Pullman\'s victory. Zara and Meyers discuss the matter with Morris, saying they must make the same offer to Thompson to secure his endorsement and his delegates\' votes. Morris refuses, as he thoroughly disagrees with Thompson and his policies, and wants a "clean" campaign without such deals. Late one night when Molly is in his room sleeping, Meyers discovers that Morris is trying to call her. She and Morris had a brief sexual liaison at a campaign stop in Iowa several weeks previously, and Molly is now pregnant by the Governor. Meyers helps her with money for an abortion but warns her not to tell anybody. Meyers also fires Molly from the campaign. Ida , a reporter for the New York Times, reveals to Meyers that an anonymous source leaked his encounter with Duffy to her and that she will publish unless Meyers gives her all of the information about his meeting with Thompson. Meyers comes to Zara for help, believing the story would damage himself, Zara, and the campaign. Zara reveals that in fact he leaked the meeting to Ida with Morris\' approval in order to force Meyers into resigning from the campaign, stating that he did this because Meyers was disloyal for meeting with Duffy. An angry Meyers then offers his services to Duffy, who admits he only met with Meyers in order to influence his opponent\'s operation and had no intention of hiring him. He suspected that Meyers would tell Zara about the meeting which would lead Zara to remove Meyers from Morris\' campaign. Should this happen, Duffy correctly surmised, the Morris campaign would be weakened and, as a result, Pullman\'s would be strengthened. Before dismissing Meyers, Duffy encourages the younger man to quit the business before he becomes a cynic. Meanwhile, Molly learns that Meyers has been fired and fearing that he will reveal her pregnancy, takes a fatal drug overdose. Since both sides used him, Meyers goes on the offensive. Unbeknownst to the Morris campaign, he meets with Thompson to arrange for Thompson\'s delegates in exchange for a spot on the Morris ticket. Meyers confronts Morris, telling him that he will expose the affair with Molly if Morris does not accept his demands: fire Zara, place Meyers in charge of the campaign, and offer Thompson the role of Vice President. Morris resists, but Meyers claims that he has a suicide note found in Molly\'s room. Morris relents and meets all of Meyer\'s demands . Later at Molly\'s funeral, Zara compliments Meyers on his cynicism and skill in using secrets to his advantage. Later, Thompson\'s endorsement  makes Morris the de facto nominee despite losing the Democratic Party\'s Ohio primary election . Now senior campaign manager, Meyers is on the way to a remote TV interview with John King when Ida ambushes him and says her next story will be about how Meyers\' delivered Thompson and his delegates and got his promotion. Meyers reacts only by having security bar her from coming any further. Meyers takes his seat for the interview, just as Morris finishes a speech about how integrity and dignity matters, and is asked for insight as to how the events surrounding the primary unfolded. The film ends before he answers.'] ["The film begins with a long tracking shot focusing on a destitute young woman named Olive Stanton . She is sleeping illegally in a theater, being awakened and kicked out. The shot continues as she slowly walks down the street following the sound of the song Nickel Under My Foot. When she arrives at the source of the music, the camera pans up the side of the building and moves inside where we are introduced to the playwright Marc Blitzstein , who is attempting to write the songs and put together the musical The Cradle Will Rock. Acting as Blitzstein’s conscience/mentors are a vision of his deceased wife and, later, an imaginary Bertolt Brecht. Brecht was a radical playwright who stressed the importance of breaking down the wall between the audience and actors. The film continues, providing a picture of life in the 1930s, a time when some people wait in endless unemployment lines attempting to get work while others enjoy their wealth, attending parties and purchasing expensive works of art. As the musical nears production, the WPA cuts the budget for the FTP and puts a halt to all new productions. This announcement comes following the House Committee on Un-American Activities’ investigation of many of those involved in the FTP, and of the musical itself, due to its leftist themes concerning labor and union organization. Despite being canceled, the director, Orson Welles , and producer, John Houseman , lead the cast to another theater that was secured at the last minute. The cast is forbidden to perform by their union, so Blitzstein takes the stage alone at an upright piano to perform the show himself. He is shortly joined by many of the other cast members, delivering their lines from the audience. Robbins juxtaposes this final triumphant moment of the theater with images of the destruction of a mural commissioned by Nelson Rockefeller  because the artist, Diego Rivera , refused to remove the image of Lenin's face from the piece. In tying together stories of labor issues and steel strikes, censorship in painting and theater, and the disparities of wealth and power, Robbins is able to paint a picture of the 1930s that goes beyond simply recounting past events and questions the boundaries between art, power and politics. Furthermore, Robbins attempts to link these issues to the present day through the final shot of the film. The camera follows a mock funeral procession for the FTP as it marches into Times Square, only to pan up from this scene to a shot of the high rises and neon billboards that stand there today."] ['The location of the action is never expressly stated , but there are hints (such as the newspaper that The Deputy reads, which is Ta Nea, advertisements for [[Fix  that it is Greece in the early 1960s. In another scene of the film a picture of Pablo Picasso’s famous sketch “The Man with the carnation” is displayed in a wall. The man with the carnation was Nicos Beloyannis a prominent figure of the Greek Communist Party who has been sentenced to death a few years earlier. Furthermore, in the opening credits there is a mock disclaimer which reads : “Any resemblance to real events, to persons dead or living, is not accidental. It is INTENTIONAL.” The story begins with the closing moments of a rather dull government lecture and slide show on agricultural policy, after which the leader of the security police of a right-wing military-dominated government  takes over the podium for an impassioned speech describing the government\'s program to combat leftism, using the metaphors of “a mildew of the mind”, an infiltration of “isms”, or “sunspots”. The scene shifts to preparations for a rally of the opposition faction where the Deputy  is to give a speech advocating nuclear disarmament. It is obvious that there have been attempts to prevent the speech’s delivery. The venue has been changed to a much smaller hall and logistical problems have appeared out of nowhere. As the Deputy crosses the street from the hall after giving his speech, a delivery truck speeds past him and a man on the open truck bed strikes him down with a club. The injury eventually proves fatal, and by that time it is already clear to the viewer that the police have manipulated witnesses to force the conclusion that the victim was simply run over by a drunk driver. However, they do not control the hospital, where the autopsy disproves their interpretation. The examining magistrate , with the assistance of a photojournalist , now uncovers sufficient evidence to indict not only the two right-wing militants who committed the murder, but also four high-ranking military police officers. The action of the film concludes with one of the Deputy\'s associates rushing to see the Deputy\'s widow  to give her the surprising news of the officers\' indictments. An epilogue provides a synopsis of the subsequent turns of events. Instead of the expected positive outcome, the prosecutor is mysteriously removed from the case, key witnesses die under suspicious circumstances, the assassins receive  short sentences, the officers receive only administrative reprimands, the Deputy\'s close associates die or are deported, and the photojournalist is sent to prison for disclosing official documents. As the closing credits roll, before listing the cast and crew, the filmmakers first list the things banned by the junta. They include: peace movements, strikes, labor unions, long hair on men, The Beatles, other modern and popular music , Sophocles, Leo Tolstoy, Aeschylus, writing that Socrates was homosexual, Eugène Ionesco, Jean-Paul Sartre, Anton Chekhov, Harold Pinter, Edward Albee, Mark Twain, Samuel Beckett, the bar association, sociology, international encyclopedias, free press, and new math. Also banned is the letter Z, which was used as a symbolic reminder that Grigoris Lambrakis and by extension the spirit of resistance lives (zi = "he .'] ['Lurgan, Northern Ireland, 1975. The Northern Irish Troubles are underway, with the Irish Republican Army targeting British loyalists and the loyalist Ulster Volunteer Force exacting revenge on Catholics they claim are militant republicans. Alistair Little, 17, is the leader of a UVF cell, eager to be blooded. He and his gang are given the go-ahead to kill a young Catholic man, James Griffin, as a reprisal and a warning to others. When the hit is carried out, Joe Griffin - the 8-year old little brother of the target - watches in horror as his brother is killed. Little goes to prison for 12 years. Thirty-three years after the murder, Little and Joe Griffin are to meet, on camera, with a view to reconciliation. Little has served his sentence, and peace may have been agreed to in Northern Ireland, but Joe Griffin is not coming on the program for a handshake. Unbeknownst to the production team, he intends to murder his brother’s killer during the filmed meeting. However, he becomes emotional just before the meeting and demands that the cameras be removed, scuppering the project. Later, Little agrees to meet Griffin in the latter\'s old house. Griffin attempts to stab Little, jumping him from behind. Little tackles Griffin, and both fall through a window, ending up the lying together on the outside pavement. The two are injured, and Little tells Griffin to "get rid of me" and tell his family that he killed him off because he is "nothing" and wants Griffin to live his life with his daughters. Little is speaking metaphorically, and means for Griffin to kill Little off in his head, in so doing they can both move on. Griffin very shakily lights up a cigarette as Little pulls himself up against a wall and limps down the road. Soon after, Griffin attends a group sharing. He shares to the group that he wants to be a good father for his daughters and he cries. In the end, he calls Little to tell him, "we\'re finished."'] ["The film is not intended to provide an overview of this period in Chilean history. Rather, it shows the perspective of Gonzalo Infante, a privileged boy who catches a glimpse of the world of the lower class through Machuca, at a moment when the lower classes are politically mobilized, demanding more rights and forcing fundamental change. At the same time the upper middle class, including Gonzalo's own family, grow fearful of the growing socialist movement and plot against the country's elected president, Salvador Allende. Infante's sympathies, however, clearly lie with the poor based on what he has seen. Gonzalo Infante attends a private school where the principal introduces 5 new, poor students. Gonzalo becomes friends with Machuca after he refuses to bully him while others in the class pick on Machuca. As the boys grow closer, they experience how each other live. Political unrest grows and political upheaval is eminent. When the military coup d'état is launched which brutally represses poor and activist Chileans, including his friends and Father McEnroe, his own class status comes into relief. Moments after witnessing the murder of a lower-class young girl named Silvana by soldiers clearing a shantytown, Infante is nearly arrested himself. He pleads with the soldier to recognize that he does not belong to this shantytown. The soldier is only convinced after noticing Gonzalo's blonde hair, pale complexion, and more expensive clothing. Thus, Infante is forced to abandon his friend, using his class status as a free pass. At the end of the movie, his family moves into a new, more opulent home. The audience is meant to understand, along with Infante, that this new wealth is connected to the brutal repression of the Chilean masses, who had hoped for real societal change by attempting to create a socialist society."] ["Frida begins with the traumatic accident Frida Kahlo  suffered at the age of 18 when a trolley bus collided with a motor bus she was riding. She is impaled by a metal pole and the injuries she sustained plague her for the rest of her life. To help her through convalescence, her father brings her a canvas upon which to start painting. Throughout the film, a scene starts as a painting, then slowly dissolves into a live-action scene with actors. Frida also details the artist's dysfunctional relationship with the muralist Diego Rivera . When Rivera proposes to Kahlo, she tells him she expects from him loyalty if not fidelity. Diego's appraisal of her painting ability is one of the reasons that she continues to paint. Throughout the marriage, Rivera cheats on her with a wide array of women, while the bisexual Kahlo takes on male and female lovers, including in one case having an affair with the same woman as Rivera. The two travel to New York City so that he may paint the mural Man at the Crossroads at the Rockefeller Center. While in the United States, Kahlo suffers a miscarriage, and her mother dies in Mexico. Rivera refuses to compromise his communist vision of the work to the needs of the patron, Nelson Rockefeller ; as a result, the mural is destroyed. The pair return to Mexico, with Rivera the more reluctant of the two. Kahlo's sister Cristina moves in with the two at their San Ángel studio home to work as Rivera's assistant. Soon afterward, Kahlo discovers that Rivera is having an affair with her sister. She leaves him, and subsequently sinks into alcoholism. The couple reunite when he asks her to welcome and house Leon Trotsky , who has been granted political asylum in Mexico. She and Trotsky begin an affair, which forces the married Trotsky to leave the safety of his Coyoacán home. Kahlo leaves for Paris after Diego realizes she was unfaithful to him with Trotsky. When she returns to Mexico, he asks for a divorce. Soon afterwards, Trotsky is murdered in Mexico City. Rivera is temporarily a suspect, and Kahlo is incarcerated in his place when he is not found. Rivera helps get her released. Kahlo has her toes removed when they become gangrenous. Rivera asks her to remarry him, and she agrees. Her health continues to worsen, including the amputation of a leg, and she ultimately dies after finally having a solo exhibition of her paintings in Mexico."] [' The film opens with a narration from Esperanza Quintero . She begins: :"How shall I begin my story that has no beginning? My name is Esperanza, Esperanza Quintero. I am a miner\'s wife. This is our home. The house is not ours. But the flowers... the flowers are ours. This is my village. When I was a child, it was called San Marcos. The Anglos changed the name to Zinc Town. Zinc Town, New Mexico, U.S.A. Our roots go deep in this place, deeper than the pines, deeper than the mine shaft..." The issues the miners strike for include equity in wages with Anglo workers and health and safety issues. Ramon Quintero  helps organize the strike, but at home he treats his wife as a second-class citizen. His wife, Esperanza Quintero, pregnant with their third child, is passive at first and reluctant either to take part in the strike or to assert her rights for equality at home. She changes her attitude when the men are forced to end their picketing by a Taft-Hartley Act injunction. At the union hall, the women convince the men after a long debate that they should be allowed to participate and they join the picket line.'] ["As America recovers from the Civil War, Paul Cable  returns home to Texas after being away from his family for years while fighting for the Confederacy. His wife, Martha , is a pretty but strong-willed frontier woman, whose independence makes her a force in and of herself. She had been told that he was killed in action. Upon her husband's unexpected return, she once again devotes herself to being his wife, but resents him for having left her and their children behind to fight a war she didn't care to understand. Despite having loved each other since childhood and being married, Paul and Martha are now like strangers to each other, and the tension between them is evident. During his absence, their youngest daughter died from a fever, and Martha, having borne that without him, has developed a hatred for her husband. Her father, James Sanford , scolds her for her attitude toward Cable, but she stands her ground, never backing down from her stance on the subject. Her father knows her well, and subsequently leaves the subject alone. Cable decides he will return to Arizona and reclaim the ranch he owns there. The family members, consisting of Paul, Martha, and their daughter and son, load up their belongings, bid farewell to Martha's father, and make their way to Arizona. While en route, they come into contact with Lorraine Kidston , the beautiful ramrod cowgirl daughter of rancher Duane Kidston . During the night, horses headed by her men accidentally stampede through the Cables' camp, leading Paul and Martha to scold the men. Lorraine agrees that her men were foolish to run the horses at night, and scolds them. Through this interaction, the cowhands and Lorraine learn that the man in front of them is, in fact, Paul Cable. They had been told that he was dead, and since then, her father has assumed control of Cable's ranch. Lorraine's father, Duane Kidston, is a former Union Army soldier, as is his brother Vern . They have little use for former Confederates, and feel that Cable's ranch now belongs to them. Upon reaching the ranch, Cable confronts the Kidston men staying in his house. However, when one man attempts to draw on Cable, he is shot and killed by Martha Cable, who is in the dark shadows. The shooting leads to an ongoing feud between Paul Cable and the Kidston men, during which several of Kidston's hired guns are killed by Cable. Vern and Lorraine Kidston, however, begin to sympathize with the Cables, feeling it is better to simply return the ranch to them and let things be. Duane disagrees, but relents to his daughter and brother's wishes. In the end, the real threat to the Cables' new life in Arizona does not come from the Kidstons, but from a one-armed Confederate sympathizer and former soldier, Edward Janroe , who kills Duane, an event for which Cable is blamed. Despite everything pointing to Cable as Duane's killer, not even Duane's brother Vern believes it. Janroe kidnaps Cable's daughter as security during an illegal gun transaction with Mexican bandits. Cable and Vern team up and chase down Janroe, killing him, then get involved in a shootout with the bandits. Cable eventually asks Vern to take his daughter out of harm's way, which Vern does. Cable then takes on the remaining bandits alone, with them eventually just deciding to take the guns from Janroe's wrecked wagon and leave. Cable returns home wounded, where he is nursed by Martha, who has finally learned to accept him as he is. She decides to forgive him, forget all the animosity between them, and love her husband again."] ['Set over a single early-1960s summer in one of Sarajevo\'s neighbourhoods, the plot follows the fortunes of a school boy nicknamed Dino . Simultaneous to being enthralled with a life that flashes before his eyes and ears in the local cinema and youth centre , Dino gets a taste of the world inhabited by local thugs and petty criminals. However, when he is rewarded via a liaison for providing a hiding place for prostitute "Dolly Bell" , his world is turned upside down as he falls in love with her.'] ['51 Birch Street is the first-person account of a family\'s unpredictable journey through dramatic life-changing events. Having observed most of his parents\' 54-year marriage, Doug Block believed it to be quite a good one. A few months after his mother\'s sudden death from pneumonia, Doug Block\'s 83-year old father, Mike, calls him to announce that he’s moving to Florida to live with "Kitty", his secretary from 40 years before. Always close to his mother and equally distant from his father, Doug and his two older sisters were shocked and suspicious. How long had Kitty been an intimate part of their father’s life, they wondered. When Mike and Kitty marry and sell the longtime family home, Doug returns to suburban Long Island with camera in hand for one last visit. Among the lifetime of memories being packed away forever, Doug discovers three large boxes filled with his mother\'s daily diaries going back 35 years, in which she recorded her unhappiness, her rage against her husband, her sexual fantasies about her therapist, a brief affair with an unnamed friend of her husband — and her suspicions about Kitty. The marriage, Mike told Doug on film, "was not loving, it was a functioning association". Realizing he has only a few short weeks before the movers come and his father will be gone for good, Doug is determined to explore the mystery of his parents\' marriage. Through conversations with family members and friends, and surprising diary revelations, Doug finally comes to peace with his parents who are more complex and troubled than he ever imagined. However, unlike other notable documentaries on family from the years around 2000, such as Capturing the Friedmans and Tarnation, 51 Birch Street doesn\'t reveal terrible secrets or extreme dysfunction of an ordinary family. Instead, the documentary explores more subtle forms of repression, secrecy and denial within a family, and confirms the complexity of marriage. {{cquote}}'] ['An unnamed British ghostwriter  is recruited to complete the memoirs of former Prime Minister Adam Lang . His predecessor on the project and Lang\'s long-term aide, Mike McAra, died in an apparent accident. The writer travels to the fictional Massachusetts village of Old Haven on Martha\'s Vineyard, where Lang is staying with his wife, Ruth , and a staff of servants and security personnel. The writer is checked into a small hotel. Lang\'s personal assistant , Amelia Bly , forbids him to take McAra\'s manuscript outside, emphasizing that it is a security risk. Shortly after the writer\'s arrival, Lang is accused by former Foreign Secretary Richard Rycart  of authorising the illegal seizure of suspected terrorists and handing them over for torture by the CIA, a possible war crime. Lang faces prosecution by the International Criminal Court unless he stays in the U.S. or any other country that does not recognise the court\'s jurisdiction. As reporters and protesters swarm the island, the writer is moved into McAra\'s old room at Lang\'s house, where personal belongings have not been cleared out yet. Lang travels to Washington while the writer clears the room, finding an envelope containing clues suggesting McAra may have stumbled on a dark secret. Among the material is a handwritten phone number. During a bicycle ride around the island, the writer encounters an old man  who tells him that the current couldn\'t have taken McAra\'s body from the ferry where he disappeared to the beach where it was discovered. He reveals that a neighbour saw flashlights on the beach the night the body was discovered, but later fell off a ladder and went into a coma. The writer is later intercepted by Ruth and her security guard, who take him back to the estate. There, Ruth admits that Lang has never been very political, and until recently had always taken her advice. When the writer tells her the old man\'s story, she suddenly rushes out into the rainy night to "clear her head." Upon returning, she confides in the writer that Lang and McAra had argued the night before he died. She and the writer end up sleeping together. The next morning, the writer decides he is getting too intimate with his subject and moves back to the hotel. After finding some photos of Lang\'s college days, driving McAra\'s car, he uses pre-programmed directions on the vehicle\'s GPS that lead him to Belmont, at the estate of Professor Paul Emmett . Emmett denies anything more than a cursory acquaintance with Lang, despite the writer showing him two photographs of the two of them, as well as another one on the wall of his study. When the writer tells Emmett that the GPS directions to Emmett\'s house were programmed the night McAra died and that his predecessor visited him, Emmett denies any knowledge and becomes evasive. The writer leaves Emmett\'s estate, and he is followed by a car, but manages to elude it. The writer boards the ferry, but when he sees the car that had followed him drive aboard, with two men looking for him, he flees the boat at the last moment and checks into a small motel by the ferry dock. Not knowing who to turn to, the writer dials the handwritten phone number, only to discover it belongs to Rycart, who inquires about his whereabouts and indicates he\'ll pick him up. While waiting for Rycart, the writer does a Google search on Emmett and finds that, in addition to being a Pulitzer Prize-winning professor, he is linked with a military contractor through his think tank. He also finds leads that connect Emmett to the CIA as far back as the 1970s, when the agency recruited academics for the creation of propaganda material to be used abroad. When Rycart arrives, he tells the writer that McAra supplied him with documents linking Lang to torture flights. He also reveals that McAra had found something new before he died, confiding to Rycart that in case anything happened, the clues would be in the "beginning" of the book. The men cannot, however, find anything in the manuscript\'s early pages. The writer the reveals all of the information he found about Emmet, theorizing that he recruited Lang, to which Rycart agrees, saying that, for all his tenure as Prime Minister, all of Lang\'s decisions were aimed at helping the U.S. When the writer is summoned to accompany Lang on the return flight, he confronts Lang and accuses him of being a CIA agent recruited by Emmett and tells him that McAra was outing him out with Rycart. Lang derides his suggestions. Upon alighting the aircraft, Lang is assassinated by a British anti-war protestor, who is in turn shot by Lang\'s bodyguards. The writer is questioned by U.S. authorities as a prime witness, his passport withheld, though later recovered by his publicist. Despite Lang\'s death, the writer is asked to complete the book for posthumous publication, as in light of the recent events, it will be a best-seller. During the book\'s launch party in London, Amelia unwittingly tells the writer that the Americans tightened access to the book, as the "beginnings" contained evidence that threatened national security. She also tells him that Emmett was Ruth\'s tutor when she was a Fulbright scholar in Harvard. The writer realises that the clues were hidden in the original manuscript at the beginning of each chapter, and discovers the message, "Lang\'s wife Ruth was recruited as a CIA agent by Professor Paul Emmett of Harvard University." Ruth shaped Lang\'s every political decision to benefit the United States, under direction from the CIA. The writer passes a note to Ruth telling of his discovery. She unfolds the note, and is devastated. When she sees the writer raising a glass, she is kept from following him by Emmett and other assistants. As the writer leaves the party he attemps to take a taxi, without success, and as he crosses the street off-camera, a car accelerates in his direction, and sound effects and flying papers indicate that he has been hit.'] ['In the future America, the military draft has been reinstated to fight the war on terror. The country\'s conflicting attitudes toward war are examined through the eyes of Aaron , George , and Dixon . The three friends have been given induction notices and have 30 days to report for duty. Feeling unprepared but convinced that he must serve, novelist Aaron embarks on a quest to prepare for the life of a soldier &mdash; enlisting the help of a collapsing Bowflex machine and a disengaged therapist . Corporate attorney George wishes to stay with his wife , a recent cancer survivor, rather than fight in a war that he believes is wrong. He spends much of his 30 days researching ways he can dodge the draft, but avoiding service does not prove easy. Cab driver Dixon is the most fearless and free of doubt, but he falls in love with a sociology student , and suddenly issues that always seemed black-and-white to him are not so simple. As reporting day, or day zero, draws nearer, the three friends fight, fallout, come together and comfort each other as each in his own way discovers what it means to "serve with honor."'] ["In this documentary, the filmmaker Rehad Desai takes us on an intimate journey mapped out by the scars etched into his family's life from having a father who was intensely involved in politics. Barney Desai was a political hero during South Africa's struggle for freedom, yet as a father he was damagingly absent emotionally. Rehad spent most of his young life in exile and became politically active himself. On this intensely personal journey into his past, Rehad realizes he is following in his fathers footsteps as he reviews his relationship with his own estranged teenage son."] ['Malcolm X begins with a title sequence featuring an American flag being consumed by fire intercut with George Holliday\'s iconic videotaped footage of the beating of Los Angeles motorist Rodney King. A voice-over of Denzel Washington as Malcolm X angrily condemns white America: "We don\'t see the American dream; we\'ve experienced only the American nightmare!" The burning flag eventually becomes the letter "X". The film opens in earnest in Boston in the "war years". Malcolm "Detroit Red" Little, a troubled, small-time criminal and his friend, Shorty, are walking down a street in gaudy zoot suits. Little also receives a conk from Shorty. They concoct various criminal schemes to make money. Eventually, Little becomes involved with a Harlem gangster named West Indian Archie . Archie takes Little on as his protégè, but they ultimately have a falling out over US$ owed Little, who accuses Archie of "slipping" mentally. After a fight, Little flees back to Boston. There, he is reunited with Shorty and becomes romantically involved with a white woman. Little and Shorty target a wealthy white couple and rob their home. However, both are later arrested for the crime and sentenced to eight-to-ten years in prison. Malcolm Little is initially defiant towards guards and angrily rebuffs the prison\'s chaplain . After he emerges from a long stint in solitary confinement, a fellow inmate, Baines , tries to help him during withdrawal from cocaine addiction, which Little reluctantly accepts. However, Little, the son of a Garveyite Baptist minister who died violently , is suspicious of Baines. Baines espouses the Islamic faith; Little resists. But he grows to respect and trust Baines, who educates him further and introduces him to the Nation of Islam and insists that God is black, Little is skeptical. When he hears from another inmate that the Brooklyn Dodgers have promoted Jackie Robinson , Little is happy, but Baines reminds Little to never forget four hundred years of slavery. Baines tells Little that blacks are of the Tribe of Shabazz who are lost in North America, all whites are devils, and Elijah Muhammad  can lead them to the light. However, when Baines encourages him to pray in the Muslim way, Little can\'t bring himself to kneel even though he says he wants to. Later, he has an epiphany in his cell: he is reading a letter from Elijah Muhammad when an apparition of Muhammad comes to him and tells him, "I have come to give you something which can never be taken away from you: I bring to you a sense of your own worth". When the apparition disappears, he is able to kneel and pray. When he is released from prison, the fully converted Little visits Muhammad, who praises his turnaround. He rejects his family name as a slave name and, per the Nation of Islam\'s naming convention, adopts the surname "X", signifying the mathematical symbol for the unknown. Over the next several years, Malcolm X becomes an increasingly prominent Nation of Islam minister, espousing Islamic principles and the words of Elijah Muhammad, who eventually orders Malcolm to open mosques across the country. He is introduced to Betty X . They wed and start a family . He is also reunited with Shorty, who informs him of the whereabouts of their former fellow criminals. West Indian Archie is now living in The Bronx. He is destitute and lives in squalor and has suffered severe physical and mental problems due to his drug use. Malcolm takes pity on Archie and vows to help him. Despite the Nation of Islam growing greatly in size and influence during Malcolm X\'s tenure, however, there is growing resentment of him within the organization. The pro-Elijah Muhammad faction , perceives that Malcolm X actually considers himself the Nation of Islam and might attempt to force Muhammad out as its leader. Muhammad maintains confidence in his protégè, telling Baines that everything Malcolm has done has benefited the nation. However, Malcolm becomes disillusioned by his mentor\'s hypocrisy when he learns that newspaper reports accusing Elijah Muhammad of fathering children out of wedlock with two women are accurate when he talks to them. Malcolm confronts Muhammad, who justifies his infidelity as the need to "plant his seed in fertile soil". After making deliberately provocative statements concerning the assassination of President John F. Kennedy in direct violation of Elijah Muhammad\'s directive that none of his ministers were to comment on it, Malcolm X is suspended from all activity for ninety days. He submits to the punishment. Ultimately, Malcolm X is forced out of the Nation of Islam. He publicly announces his intent to think his own thoughts and speak his own words and establish an independent mosque, Muslim Mosque, Inc.. He also announces he will undertake a pilgrimage to Mecca, which every able Muslim man is obligated to do at least once in his lifetime. While there, in a letter to his wife, Betty, which she reads to a group of people, Malcolm updates her on his activities. He informs her that he is being followed by two white men, whom he believes are Central Intelligence Agency agents. He also says he has worshipped with fellow Muslims of all races – including whites. He signs the letter using both his new adopted name, "El-Hajj Malik El-Shabazz" and his more familiar name. He returns to the United States with far more moderate views and repudiates racism. He also announces a willingness to work with other civil rights leaders, whom he harshly criticized in the past. His activity, however, engenders the wrath of Elijah Muhammad. In addition to a campaign of telephone harassment, Baines own son, who has aligned himself with Malcolm, says he was ordered to kill him by installing an explosive device in Malcolm\'s car. Later, a Queens home owned by the Nation of Islam in which Malcolm and his family resided is firebombed. The family escapes unharmed. In an interview with a local television reporter given while firefighters attempt to put out the blaze, he accuses Elijah Muhammad of ordering it. Baines calls it a publicity stunt. On February 21, 1965, Malcolm X begins a speech at the Audubon Ballroom in Manhattan. However, a disturbance in the audience interrupts him. Malcolm tries to calm people, but moments later, he is shot numerous times. His wife and children witness it. Three suspects are captured after trying to escape. Later, a hospital spokesman makes a public statement: "The person you know as Malcolm X is no more". In archival footage, Rev. Martin Luther King, Jr. says: "The assassination of Malcolm X was an unfortunate tragedy and reveals that there are still numerous people in our nation who have degenerated to the point of expressing dissent through murder and we haven\'t learned to disagree without becoming violently disagreeable". In voice-over, actor and activist Ossie Davis quotes from the eulogy he gave at Malcolm X\'s funeral as a montage of new and archival footage and photographs of Malcolm X is shown: {{cquote}} The film ends with a scene of a black teacher in an American classroom. Behind her on the blackboard, are the words "MALCOLM X DAY". She tells the class that it is Malcolm X\'s birthday. "Malcolm X is you – all of you – and you are Malcolm X", she says. In succession, some of her students stand up and shout, "I am Malcolm X!". The scene switches to African students who mimic the American students. The film culminates with recently released anti-apartheid activist and future South African president Nelson Mandela, quoting one of Malcolm X\'s speeches.<ref nameall FILM; Malcolm X: The Facts, the Fictions, the Film], The New York Times, November 15, 1992. Retrieved February 24, 2010.'] ['George Wallace follows the history of its namesake, commencing in the 1950s when Wallace was a circuit court judge in Barbour County, to his tenure as the most powerful Governor in Alabama\'s history. The film portrays Wallace as a complex man, detailing his stance on racial segregation in Alabama at the time, which proved popular with his white constituents. It also depicts Wallace\'s rise as a presidential hopeful&mdash;eventually leading to his attempted assassination&mdash;and his surprise victory in several states during the 1968 Presidential election. The movie also depicts his symbolic "Stand in the Schoolhouse Door", where Wallace attempted to block black students from entering the University of Alabama.'] ['Manor Farm is a former prosperous farm that has fallen on hard times, and suffers under the now ineffective leadership of its drunken and aggressive owner, Mr. Jones. One night, Old Major, the prize boar and the second-oldest on the farm, calls the animals on the farm for a meeting, where he compares the humans to parasites and encourages them to break free from their tyrant\'s influence, while reminding them that they must hold true to their convictions after they have gained freedom. With that, he teaches the animals a revolutionary song, "Beasts of England", before collapsing dead mid-song to the animals\' horror. The next morning, Jones neglects to feed the animals for breakfast, and they decide to break into the storehouse to help themselves. When Jones wakes up and attempts to intimidate them with his whip, the animals revolt and drive the drunken and irresponsible Mr. Jones from the farm, renaming it "Animal Farm". They set to work destroying every trace of Jones\' influence, mainly the weapons used against them. An investigation of the farmhouse leads them to concede against living there, though one of the head pigs, an antagonistic boar named Napoleon, who takes interest in the abandoned house, and even more so in a litter of puppies left motherless. The Seven Commandments of Animalism are written on the wall of a barn to illustrate their community\'s laws. The most important is the seventh, "All animals are equal." All the animals work, but the workhorse, Boxer, and his friend Benjamin, the young donkey and the film\'s protagonist put in extra work. Snowball attempts to teach the animals reading and writing; food is plentiful; and the farm runs smoothly. The pigs elevate themselves to positions of leadership and set aside special food items ostensibly for their personal health. Napoleon takes the pups and trains them privately to be his Goon Squad. When Snowball announces his idea for a windmill, Napoleon opposes it. Snowball makes a speech in favor of the windmill, whereupon Napoleon has his dogs chase Snowball to the fields. In Snowball\'s absence, Napoleon declares himself leader and makes changes. Meetings will no longer be held and instead a committee of pigs will run the farm. Using a cowardly young pig named Squealer as a mouthpiece, Napoleon spurs the animals into setting forth his regime. The animals work harder with the promise of easier lives with the windmill. Napoleon abuses his powers, making life harder for the animals; the pigs impose more control while reserving privileges for themselves. During this time, the pigs also decide to start altering their own laws. "No animal shall sleep in beds" is changed to "No animal shall sleep in beds with sheets" when the pigs are discovered to have been sleeping in the old farmhouse. "No animal shall drink alcohol" is changed to "No animal shall drink alcohol to excess" when the pigs discover the farmer\'s whisky. Before long, Napoleon\'s greed drives him to negotiate with a local trader named Mr. Whymper for a supply of jellies and jams. The price is all the hens\' eggs. When the hens discover this, they attempt to revolt by throwing their eggs at the pigs during an attempted seize by force. To instill fear, Napoleon not only puts the hens at the hands of the pig committee, but also selects a duck and sheep to be false accused of treachery. They are taken outside and murdered by the dogs, with their blood used to edit a commandment regarding killing to being legal "with cause". "Beasts of England" is banned as inappropriate, as according to Napoleon the dream of Animal Farm has been realized. Growing jealous of Whymper\'s financial success due to his trading with Animal Farm, a hostile group of farmers attacks the farm, and Jones, who was denied the chance to rejoin them, uses blasting powder to blow up the windmill with himself inside. Though the animals win the battle, they do so at great cost, as many, including Boxer, are wounded. Boxer continues working harder and harder, until he collapses one night while working on the windmill. Napoleon sends for a van to take Boxer away. Benjamin notices that the van belongs to Mr. Whymper\'s glue factory, and attempts to mount a rescue, but his attempts are futile. Squealer delivers a phony speech, claiming to have been at Boxer\'s side at his deathbed, and his last words being to glorify Napoleon. The hurt animals fully realize that Boxer\'s death was planned simply to promote further loyalty to Napoleon\'s dictatorship, but are sent away by the snarling guard dogs. Years pass, and the pigs now have learned to walk upright and wear clothes. Napoleon now dresses in a suit with medals . The Seven Commandments are reduced to a single phrase: "All animals are equal, but some animals are more equal than others." Napoleon holds a dinner party for a delegation of outside pigs, who congratulate Napoleon on having the hardest-working animals in the country on the least feed. Napoleon gives a toast to when pigs own and operate farms everywhere. Benjamin, overhearing the conversation, imagines the faces of the pigs changing into the face of Mr. Jones. Realizing that things have become "worse than ever for ordinary creature", all of the animals unite together to overthrow Napoleon. The film closes with a smashed portrait of Napoleon as he is being overwhelmed and beaten to death "off screen" by the animals.'] ['Guy Hamilton, a neophyte foreign correspondent for an Australian network, arrives in Jakarta on assignment. He meets the close-knit members of the foreign correspondent community including journalists from the UK, the US and New Zealand, diplomatic personnel, and a Chinese-Australian dwarf of high intelligence and moral seriousness, Billy Kwan. Hamilton is initially unsuccessful because his predecessor, tired of life in Indonesia, had departed without introducing Hamilton to his contacts. Guy receives limited sympathy from the journalist community, which competes for scraps of information from Sukarno\'s government, the Communist Party of Indonesia , and the conservative Muslim military. However, Kwan takes a liking to Hamilton and arranges interviews for him with key political figures. Kwan introduces Hamilton to Jill Bryant, a beautiful young assistant at the British embassy. Kwan and Bryant are close friends, and he subtly manipulates her encounters with Hamilton. After resisting Hamilton because she\'s returning to the UK, Bryant falls in love with him. Discovering that the Communist Chinese are arming the PKI, Bryant passes this information to Hamilton to save his life, but he wants to cover the Communist rebellion that will occur when the arms shipment reaches Jakarta. Shocked, Kwan and Bryant withdraw their friendship from Hamilton, and he is left with the American journalist Pete Curtis, and his own assistant and driver Kumar, who is secretly PKI. Kumar, however, remains loyal to Hamilton and tries to open his eyes to all that is going on. Kwan, outraged by Sukarno\'s failure to meet the needs of most Indonesians, decides to hang a sign from the Hotel Indonesia expressing his outrage but is thrown from the window by security men, and dies in Hamilton\'s arms. His death is also witnessed by Jill. Still in search of "the big story", Hamilton visits the Presidential palace after the army generals have taken over and unleashed executions, after they learned of the Communist shipment. Struck down by an Army officer, Hamilton suffers a detached retina. Resting alone in Kwan\'s bungalow, Hamilton recalls a passage from the Bhagavad Gita  which Billy told him. Kumar visits him and tells him about the failed coup attempt. Risking permanent damage to his eye, a heavily bandaged Hamilton implores Kumar to drive him to the airport, where he boards the last plane out of Jakarta and is reunited with Bryant.'] ["Set in 1931, British India, the film tells the story of freedom fighters Bhagat Singh and Chandrashekhar Azad who have only motive in mind: Freedom for India. They set about doing this task together with two other men, Sukhdev and Rajguru. Bhagat Singh is enraged when his mentor Lala Lajpatrai is mercilessly beaten to death by the police, and he sets about to avenge his death. He and his colleagues do succeed in killing one of the officials responsible, but they are identified and as a result Bhagat and Rajguru are arrested and held in prison where they are tortured relentlessly. When produced in court, they dramatically admit to the killing and state that it was done in the name of Freedom. The judge and the public prosecutor do not see it that their way and they are sentenced to life in prison. Bhagat's mother, Vidya, comes to meet him in prison, and he goes to greet her, shackled in chains from head to toe, and he foretells that India will continue to suffer, even after Independence from the British, and that he will return in another birth to free his motherland. Subsequently, all three are charged with treason and assassination and are sentenced to Immortality"] ['The film opens in 1922, as Joe O\'Reilly  attempts to console Kitty Kiernan , who is mourning the death of Michael Collins. The film flashes back to the end of the Easter Rising in 1916, as Collins , Harry Boland , Éamon de Valera , and other survivors surrender to the British Army. As the Dublin Metropolitan Police\'s "G" Division identifies the leaders, Collins tells Boland that next time, "We won\'t play by their rules, Harry. We\'ll invent our own." All the other leaders die by firing squad, but de Valera, an American citizen, is imprisoned in Britain. Collins, Boland, and the others are sent to Frongoch internment camp. After his release, Collins runs for a seat in the First Dáil. While giving a speech, the rally is attacked by the Royal Irish Constabulary. Collins is severely beaten, but is rescued by Boland. While recovering on a friend\'s farm, they meet Kitty, who begins a romance with Boland. Collins is tipped off by Detective Ned Broy  that the British plan to arrest de Valera and his Cabinet. However, de Valera forbids anyone to go into hiding, stating that the ensuing public outcry will force their immediate release. Only Collins and Boland escape arrest and imprisonment, and there are no protests. Left in command, Collins orders the IRA to begin raiding police barracks for weapons. He also issues a statement that all collaboration with the British will be punished by death. Collins then recruits a squad from the IRA\'s Dublin Brigade, which, on Bloody Sunday, assassinates fourteen members of MI5\'s Cairo Gang. In retaliation, the Black and Tans fire into the crowd at a Gaelic football match at Croke Park. Broy is caught burning documents and killed. Later, Boland and Collins travel to Britain and break de Valera out of Lincoln prison. Angry that Collins has overshadowed him, de Valera announces that he will travel to the United States to seek recognition from Woodrow Wilson, and orders Boland to accompany him. Before they depart, Collins informs Boland that de Valera fears leaving them alone together. After returning, de Valera decrees that the IRA must attack The Custom House. Collins argues that fighting conventionally will allow the British to win, but the Irish Cabinet votes to support de Valera. The attack fails catastrophically, leaving six men dead and seventy captured. In the aftermath, Collins declares that the IRA can only hold out for a month. In private, he tells Boland that the IRA will be lucky to hold out for another week. To his shock, however, the British soon call for a cease fire. Collins is ordered to London to participate in negotiations with the British, despite objecting that he is not a diplomat. After the signing of the Anglo-Irish Treaty in December 1921, de Valera erupts upon learning that the terms have been published without his agreement. Collins argues that the Treaty gives them the freedom to achieve the Republic. De Valera and his supporters resign in protest after the Dáil approves the Treaty by 64-57. Both Collins and de Valera try to sway the Irish people in their respective directions. Collins is attacked by an anti-Treaty Republican during a rally, but escapes. In the aftermath, he asks Kitty Kiernan to marry him and she accepts. When the people vote to approve the Treaty, de Valera refuses to accept the results and orders the IRA to seize the Four Courts in Dublin. Ordered by the Cabinet to retake the Four Courts, Collins is appalled at having to fight former comrades. Arthur Griffith, however, informs him that, if the Irish Free State Army will not deal with the IRA, the British Army will. In the subsequent Battle of Dublin, the IRA is driven from the city. Despite Collins\' attempts to capture him, Boland is shot by a sentry while trying to swim the Liffey. Devastated by Boland\'s death, Collins travels to County Cork. He reaches out to de Valera through an intermediary, asking for a peace conference. Without de Valera\'s knowledge, the intermediary informs Collins that de Valera will meet him at Béal na Bláth the following day. As a convoy of Irish Army vehicles approaches, IRA men open fire from a nearby hillside. Collins is shot and killed. Kitty is informed of his death just after trying on her wedding gown. Completing his story, O\'Reilly tells Kitty that Collins would not want her to mourn as long as she has. The film ends with a montage of footage from Collins\' funeral. A eulogy states that, although a career soldier, Collins died in a failed effort to remove the gun from Irish politics.'] ['During World War II, Wehrmacht Colonel Claus von Stauffenberg  is severely wounded during an RAF air raid in Tunisia, losing a hand and an eye, and is evacuated home to Nazi Germany. Meanwhile, Major General Henning von Tresckow  attempts to assassinate Adolf Hitler by smuggling a bomb aboard the Führer\'s personal airplane. The bomb, however, is a dud and fails to detonate, and Tresckow flies to Berlin in order to safely retrieve it. After learning that the Gestapo has arrested Major General Hans Oster, he orders General Olbricht  to find a replacement. After recruiting Stauffenberg into the German Resistance, Olbricht presents Stauffenberg at a meeting of the secret committee which has coordinated previous attempts on Hitler\'s life. The members include General Ludwig Beck , Dr. Carl Goerdeler , and Erwin von Witzleben . Stauffenberg is stunned to learn that no plans exist on the subject of what is to be done after Hitler\'s assassination. During a bombing raid on Berlin, he gets the idea of using Operation Valkyrie, which involves the deployment of the Reserve Army to maintain order in the event of a national emergency. The plotters carefully redraft the plan\'s orders so that they can dismantle the Nazi regime after assassinating Hitler. Realizing that only General Friedrich Fromm , the head of the Reserve Army, can initiate Valkyrie, they offer him a position as head of the Wehrmacht in a post-Nazi Germany and request his support, but Fromm declines to be directly involved. With the rewritten Operation Valkyrie orders needing to be signed by Hitler , Stauffenberg visits the Führer at his Berghof estate in Bavaria. In the presence of Dr. Joseph Goebbels, Wilhelm Keitel, Heinrich Himmler, Hermann Göring and Albert Speer, his inner circle, Hitler praises Stauffenberg\'s heroism in North Africa and signs the orders without fully examining the modifications, believing Stauffenberg\'s changes "are for the best". At Goerdeler\'s insistence, Stauffenberg is ordered to assassinate both Hitler and SS head Himmler at the Führer\'s command bunker, the Wolf\'s Lair. At a final briefing, Colonel Mertz von Quirnheim  instructs the committee members in the use of pencil detonators. Stauffenberg also persuades General Fellgiebel , who controls all communications at Wolf\'s Lair, to cut off communications after the bomb blast. On July&nbsp;15, 1944, Stauffenberg attends a strategy meeting at Wolf\'s Lair with the bomb in his briefcase, but with Himmler not present at the meeting, Stauffenberg does not get the go-ahead from the committee leaders, and by the time one of them defies the others and tells him to do it anyway, the meeting is over. Meanwhile, the Reserve Army is mobilized by Olbricht, unbeknownst to Fromm, to stand by. With no action taken, Stauffenberg safely extracts himself and the bomb from the bunker, and the Reserve Army is ordered to stand down, believing that the mobilization was training. Back in Berlin, Olbricht and Stauffenberg are threatened by Fromm that if they try to control the reserve army again he will have them arrested; Stauffenberg goes to the committee to protest their indecisiveness and condemns Goerdeler, who has been selected to be chancellor after the coup. When Goerdeler demands that Stauffenberg be relieved, Beck informs him that the SS is searching for him and implores him to leave the country immediately. On July 20, 1944, Stauffenberg and his adjutant Lieutenant Haeften  return to Wolf\'s Lair. To Stauffenberg\'s dismay, he discovers only after the timer has been activated that the conference is being held in an open-window summer barrack, whereas the plotters had intended to detonate the bomb within the walls of the bunker for maximum damage. While his adjuntant waits with the car, Stauffenberg places the briefcase with the bomb armed at the meeting as close to Hitler as possible. Stauffenberg then leaves the barrack, returning to the car. However, one of the officers at the meeting moves the bomb behind a table leg, thereby protecting Hitler from most of the blast. When the bomb explodes, Stauffenberg is certain that Hitler is dead and flees Wolf\'s Lair. Before shutting down communications, Fellgiebel calls Mertz about the explosion but cannot clearly convey whether or not the Führer is dead. As Stauffenberg flies back to Berlin, Olbricht refuses to mobilize the Reserve Army until he knows without a doubt that Hitler is dead . Behind Olbricht\'s back, Mertz forges his signature and issues the orders anyway. With Operation Valkyrie underway, Stauffenberg and his fellow plotters order the arrest of Nazi party leaders and SS officers, convincing lower officers that the Party and the SS are staging a coup. As Stauffenberg begins to take control of Berlin\'s government ministries, mid-level officers relaying the orders begin to wonder which side they should be fighting for. Rumors reach Berlin that Hitler survived the blast, but Stauffenberg dismisses them as SS propaganda. Meanwhile, Fromm learns from Field Marshal Keitel that Hitler is still alive. The General refuses to join the plotters, resulting in them detaining him. Major Otto Ernst Remer of the Reserve Army prepares to arrest Goebbels, but is stopped when Goebbels connects him by phone to Hitler. Immediately recognizing the voice on the other end, Remer realizes that the Reserve Army has been duped—rather than containing a coup, they have unwittingly supported it. SS officers are released and the plotters in turn are besieged inside the Bendlerblock. The headquarters staff flees, but the resistance leaders are arrested. In an ultimately vain effort to save himself, General Fromm convenes an impromptu court martial and sentences the conspirators to death, contravening Hitler\'s orders that they be kept alive. Given a pistol by Fromm, Beck commits suicide. That night, the ringleaders are then executed by firing squad one by one. When his turn arrives, Colonel Stauffenberg\'s last act is to cry "Long live sacred Germany!" A brief epilogue informs that the conspiracy of July 20th, 1944 was the last of fifteen known assassination attempts on Hitler by Germans. It also mentions Hitler\'s suicide nine months later and that Countess Nina von Stauffenberg and her children survived the war. The dedication at the Memorial to the German Resistance is then superimposed: You did not bear the shame You resisted By sacrificing your impassioned lives for freedom, justice and honor.'] ['The film tells the story of a girl who experienced the Gwangju uprising at the age of 15, and its effect on her life in later years.Synopsis from {{cite web}}'] ['U.S. Air Force Colonel Pete Moore  is commander of the Whitney Air Force Base Radar Test Group, which has been experiencing electrical difficulties aboard its aircraft. To ferret out the problem, he sends a four-man crew on Flight 412. Shortly into the test, the jet, a small twin-engine VIP transport, picks up three blips on radar, and subsequently, two fighters scramble and mysteriously disappear. At this point, Flight 412 is monitored and forced to land by Digger Control, a top-level military intelligence group that debunks UFO information, at a remote, abandoned military airfield somewhere in the desert in the American Southwest. The crew is taken to a barracks building and undergo an 18-hour debriefing which amounts more to an indoctrination, to convince them that they did not see a UFO. Meanwhile, their plane is stored in a dilapidated hangar, so it cannot be seen by search-and-rescue aircraft. To all appearances, Flight 412 has simply vanished into thin air. The intrepid colonel, kept in the dark about his crew, decides to investigate the matter himself. The film starts out with stock black-and-white clips of UFOs in flight and various individuals reporting sightings in newsreel style, with narrator voice-overs, to set the mood. However, the remainder of the film  deals only briefly with the fictitious UFO encounter by the aircrew, and mostly with their ordeal as they undergo an arduous debriefing and brainwashing at the hands of their somewhat mysterious captors. It uses on-screen time stamp titles to lend the feeling of a documentary, similar to the 1971 film The Andromeda Strain.'] ['A stylish, very attractive young woman, Celestine , arrives from Paris to become chambermaid for an odd family at their country chateau. The period is mid-1930s, and the populace is astir with extremist politics, right and left. The Monteil\'s household consists of a childless couple, the frigid wife\'s elderly, genteel father, and several servants, including Joseph the driver/groundskeeper  who\'s a rightist, nationalist, anti-Semitic, violent man. The wife  runs a rigidly tidy house; she would like to please her virile husband physically, but cannot, due to pelvic "pain." M. Monteil (Michel Piccoli} amuses himself by hunting small game and pursuing all the females within range &ndash; the previous chambermaid seems to have left pregnant and had to be "bought off." The wife\'s father amuses himself with his collection of racy postcards and novels, and a closet full of women\'s shoes and boots, that he likes his chambermaids to model. Their next-door neighbor  is a burly, retired Army officer, with a chubby maid/mistress , and a violent streak of his own &ndash; he likes to throw refuse and stones over the fence, to the great annoyance of M. Monteil. Celestine almost immediately finds her role in the house completely defined by the sexual proclivities of the other characters, and she proceeds to use her own considerable sexual assets to accomplish her goals. The elderly father, M. Rabour , is found dead in bed, dissheveled, clutching some boots that Celestine had worn earlier that evening; and Celestine decides to leave the job the next day. Previously, however, she had become motherly and protective of a sweet pre-pubescent girl named Claire  who visited the house; after the girl\'s raped and mutilated body is found in a nearby wood, Celestine decides to stay on at the job, in order to get revenge on the murderer. She quickly finds reason to suspect the groundskeeper Joseph. She seduces and promises to marry him and join him to run a cafe in Cherbourg, so he will confess the crime to her, which he does not. She then contrives and plants evidence to implicate him in the girl\'s murder. He is arrested, but eventually released for lack of solid evidence, although there is a suggestion that the real reason is his nativist political activism. Meanwhile Celestine agrees to marry the elderly ex-Army-officer neighbor, and after the marriage, we see him serving her breakfast in bed and obeying her commands. The final scene shows a crowd of nationalistic men marching past the Cherbourg cafe run by Joseph, who is shouting rightist slogans.'] ['The film is set during the Third Reich and is about the forbidden love between the German singer Willie  and the Swiss Jewish composer Robert Mendelsson , who actively seeks to help an underground group of German Jews.'] ['There are two classes of people; Long Ears and Short Ears. Long Ears, marked by large wooden plugs in their ear lobes and a certain tattoo, are the ruling class. The working-class Short ears have no ear plugs and a different tattoo. Young men from each Long Ear tribe compete in the annual Birdman Competition. The winner’s tribe gets to rule the island for a year. Ariki-mau has been the Birdman  for 20 years. He has a conviction that one day the gods would arrive in a great white canoe and take him to heaven. His advisor tells him to build more and bigger moai statues to curry favor with the gods and encourage them to come sooner. Ariki-mau petulantly rejects the latest statue – which stands over 20 feet tall – as too small. The Short Ear workers are forced to build an even bigger statue in an impossibly short amount of time. The king’s advisor ruthlessly enforces the rules and status quo by publicly killing a Short Ear fisherman who had accidentally caught a taboo fish. Long-Ear Noro  and Ramana, a Short Ear girl, are both rejects in their tribes – her father was banished for building an unlucky canoe. Noro’s father stole a canoe and sailed away and is accused of abandoning the tribe. They have a secret relationship and have fallen in love. Ariki-mau tells Noro that he has to compete in the Birdman Competition so Ariki-mau can continue to rule the island. Noro asks if he can marry Ramana if he wins the Birdman Competition. The king reluctantly agrees. The king’s advisor claims that Ramana\'s skin is too dark, and that she should be purified by spending the time from now until the Birdman Competition  in the "Virgin’s Cave". He checks her virginity and snidely remarks to Noro, who is watching Ramana being lowered to the cave, that she isn’t right for the Virgin’s Cave and that it will be their little secret. Ramana takes one last look at the sunset and goes into the cave. Noro approaches Ramana’s banished father, a canoe maker, and asks him to help him train for the Birdman competition. He initially refuses because it is Noro’s fault that his daughter is confined to a cave, but later relents and trains Noro. While training Noro he explains that he and Noro\'s father were great friends once and that he actually gave the canoe to Noro\'s father. He further explains that Noro\'s father sailed away after discovering a piece of a shipwrecked Spanish Galleon, thus breaking the long held belief that Rapa Nui is the only land left with people on the Earth. Meanwhile, the Short Ears are beginning to starve because the king insists on them working on the new statue instead of growing food but continues taking the full quota of their remaining food for the Long Ears. The resources of the island are being rapidly used up and depleted , due to the extensive Moai construction and overpopulation. Noro is the only person worried about the resource depletion, but his concerns are dismissed by the increasingly senile Ariki-mau. Noro sneaks some food to his short ear friend Make  and shares his plans to marry Ramana. Make reacts badly and Noro realizes that Make loves her too. Make declares that they are no longer friends and runs off. Separately, both Noro and Make visit Ramana at her cave, bringing her food and talking to her through the barrier at the mouth of the cave. They both declare their love to her. She always responds, but she sounds rather despondent. After a supply shortage results in the death of one of the Short Ears  the Short Ears demand that they get half of the wood, food and other materials and that they are allowed to compete in the Birdman Competition. The King\'s Advisor initially refuses and orders their death however the King gives in to their demands after realizing that if the Short Ears die no one will build the Moai. The King however only allows them to compete after the Moai has been completed and he makes the condition that if the Short Ear competitor loses then he will be sacrificed. Despite these conditions Make accepts the position of the Birdman Competitor on the condition he marries Ramana if he wins. The King agrees and Make spends all his time working and training, leaving no time for sleep or other recreational activities. Meanwhile, work on the great Moai has become so important that the Short Ears even sacrifice their food to complete it. Finally it is the Birdman Competition. Nine competitors must swim out to a close-by islet surrounded by pounding surf, climb the cliffs to get an egg from the nest of a sooty tern and bring it back. The first to return wins for his tribe. Noro barely wins and Ariki-mau gets to be the island\'s ruler for another year. Ramana is brought from the cave, pale from her long underground stay and very pregnant. Before anything is decided about the fate of Ramana or Make, an iceberg is spotted off the coast. Ariki-mau believes that the iceberg is the great white canoe sent to take him to the gods and goes out to it with some of his followers. After the iceberg has carried Ariki-mau away, the advisor attempts to seize control of the island, but Make kills him and the Short Ears stage a rebellion, slaughtering and even cannibalistically eating the remains of the Long Ears. Noro alone survives, as Make allows him to live, and Noro, Ramana and their baby escape the island in a canoe Ramana’s father built. An after-movie credit states that archaeological evidence proves that Pitcairn Island was settled some 1,500 miles away, providing hope that Noro, Ramana and their daughter made it to a new land.'] ['Azad and his fiancée Nazenin are about to get married but their plan falls into disarray as a dispute breaks out with Turkish soldiers on their wedding day resulting in death of a Turkish commando. Azad escapes and goes on a journey across the Kurdish regions of Iran and Iraq which brings him closer to the culture and living conditions of his people.'] ['A few nights before July 4, three government/military brats  are gathered in one\'s Key West bedroom reading about their favorite comic book hero Sgt. Slammer , with no idea that a Soviet warship is anchored just off the coast, and despite the violent storm, gung-ho intelligence officer Sulock ignores the captain and drags radioman Mischa Pushkin and his comrade Boris into a raft to row ashore and accept a prototype surveillance device from an American traitor. The exchange fails when the raft capsizes and Mischa washes ashore. Injured and alone, Mischa shouts out for his missing comrades, then realizing with shock that he\'s in America. The next morning, Danny hears from his little sister that their parents are downstairs finalizing their divorce. He sneaks out of the house, rescues Adam from his mother\'s cooking and Jason from his father\'s lawnmowing orders, and the three of them set out in their motorboat for their \'hideout\', an uninhabited island with an abandoned naval bunker. On the way, they find a Russian codebook from one of the sailors and later the wrecked raft. Fearing that Russians are invading, Adam and Jason head back to the city and leave Danny to secure their bunker. Danny nervously enters the bunker and finds himself held at gunpoint by a frightened Mischa. He\'d been in there all night munching their candy bars and reading their Sgt. Slammer comic books, which he calls "American propaganda". Unable to warn anyone of the suspected invasion, Adam and Jason return and overpower Mischa, due to his dislocated shoulder and the fact that his gun hasn\'t worked since he crawled out of the ocean. Following Geneva Convention rules, the boys interrogate Mischa, who has no idea why he\'s here and admits he wound up in their hideout by accident. Danny is dead-set on turning Mischa over to the police, while Adam is more interested in being diplomatic, even trying to fix Mischa\'s hurt shoulder, but with no medical training, they enlist the help of Adam\'s nursing-student sister Diane, who falls for Mischa at first sight. After lunch at a local McDonald\'s, tensions flare over what to do next, but Jason sides with Adam that as he has no anti-American agenda, Mischa should not be turned in. Mischa buys some American clothes and the four spend the Fourth of July messing around at the racetrack, arcade, mini-golf, and batting cages. Later in the day, Adam goes off to maintain his cover story to his father, but before Jason can leave, they run into Raimy, a drunken Army corporal causing trouble on the Key West docks. Mischa impulsively intercedes, and they nearly come to blows before the MP\'s turn up and haul Raimy back to base. Mischa berates himself, realizing he nearly committed what could be an act of war, and admits to the boys that perhaps he should give himself up after all. Fearing for Mischa now, Danny concocts a plan for the boys to borrow a pleasurecraft from the marina and deliver their friend to Cuba, where he might find his way home. Getting help from Diane again, they learn that their parents went to their bunker, finding both the interrogation tape, and Mischa\'s  gun. While the boys make final arrangements, Diane and Mischa share a romantic moment watching the fireworks from the dock, unaware that they\'re being watched. Danny\'s plan goes bust when Raimy and his drunken cronies intercept them on the way to commandeer the boat, and while they defeat the drunks easily, they\'re delayed long enough for the boat to be taken out without them. Thinking Mischa\'s at a dead end, they are suddenly surprised to be greeted by Sulock and Boris, who survived the capsizing after all, and they have a Russian submarine on the way to pick them up after midnight. But Sulock is hiding something... Once Adam and Jason leave to borrow another boat for the rendezvous, Sulock pulls a gun on Danny, ordering Mischa and Boris to tie him up, or else. Danny thinks that Mischa has betrayed them because he doesn\'t understand a word of the Russian being shouted in the scuffle. Sulock shoves Mischa and Boris out of the boathouse at gunpoint, planning to break into the army base and steal the surveillance device. This will complete his mission, but could very well frighten the Americans into thinking they\'re being invaded! Mischa trips an alarm after begging Sulock not to go through with this potential act of war, and flee back to the boathouse with a trigger-happy Raimy and the MP\'s on their tail. Out searching for the boys, their parents nearly run the Russians down, and Diane inadvertently reveals everything when she recognizes Mischa. Sulock orders everyone into the borrowed boat, except Danny, who is still tied up. Mischa unties Danny and begs him to find help so no one is killed. Trying to phone the police, Danny witnesses Raimy acting without authority and commandeering the boat of his drinking buddies to chase down and kill the Russians, particularly Mischa. Stumbling across the van of a local performer who often impersonates Sgt. Slammer, Danny takes his jetpack and flies out over the ocean, hoping to reach his friends before Raimy and warn them. Arriving at the rendezvous point, Adam, Jason and the Russians are quickly in Raimy\'s drunken gunsights, but the parents arrive, Raimy\'s CO ordering him to hold fire. Raimy soon ignores orders when Danny flies over in the jetpack and shoots him down, then shoots Mischa as he dives into the water to rescue Danny. Free of the jetpack, Danny surfaces and pleads for his father not to take him to the boat, but save the wounded Mischa. Once all three of them are safe on the boat the Russian Alfa surfaces and its sailors draw their guns, fearing their comrades are about to be killed. Sulock cowardly puts his gun to Adam\'s head to protect no one but himself, but Diane and Danny\'s father stand in front of Mischa, ready to take Raimy\'s bullet for him. After a few minutes filled with shouts from all three to lower their guns, the standoff ends peacefully, Raimy having fired the only shots. Early the next morning, the traitor is arrested by MP\'s , while out on the water, both Raimy and Sulock are arrested by their respective militaries, each facing a court-martial for nearly triggering World War III . Danny\'s father and Mischa embrace in mutual gratitude, while Diane receives a romantic farewell. Mischa is the last Russian to enter the submarine, saying goodbye to his young friends and fervently hoping he and the boys will meet again. Danny\'s voice is heard as the Americans watch the Russian submarine dive away, and the final scene shows Danny in his bedroom, reading War And Peace  to Adam and Jason.'] ["In Time of Favor Manachem, a handsome, stoic soldier in the Israeli Defense Force, is offered his own unit, made up of fellow students from Rabbi Meltzer’s West Bank Yeshiva. At the same time, Rabbi Meltzer plays matchmaker with his daughter, Michal, and star student Pini. It’s no surprise that Michal, strong-willed and independent, prefers Manachem’s silent strength to Pini’s over excitement. The love triangle knots up and the political tension raises throughout the film until everyone’s allegiances are tested in the end. “This land of Israel is bought with pain,” says Michal, the Rabbi’s pale and skinny much desired daughter, as she looks out on the sandy mountains of the West Bank. Romantic love and patriotic love are both full of pain in Cedar's film. Set in Israel, Time of Favor moves from the country's barren desert to a secret underground tunnel system. The characters bathe in underground pools, run through 1800 year-old catacombs, and pray on large spreads of earth, where the barren nature impresses a sense of solemnity. Cedar’s Zionist upbringing is apparent in this highly religious film. Time of Favor handles the Holy Land with high regard and maintains a sense of solemnity throughout. The importance of prayer and tradition is stressed. Soldiers dressed in full uniform break from their training to open prayer books and raise their minds to God. The Rabbi’s religious position marks him as a strong authority in his community. He is trusted and respected, and his students, with total faith in him, follow his every wish."] ["Former Irish pugilist Danny Flynn  returns home to Belfast from a 14-year stint in prison. Weary of the unbroken cycle of violence in Northern Ireland, he attempts to settle down and live in peace. After meeting his drink-sodden old trainer Ike , Danny starts up a non-sectarian boxing club for boys in an old gymnasium. While fixing up the old building, however, he runs across a cache of Semtex hidden underneath the stage. He throws the cache into the river. Danny's action infuriates Harry , a bitter and ruthless IRA lieutenant. Harry feuds with Danny, assassinating the kindly police officer who donates equipment to the boxing club. The murder causes a riot at one of Danny's boxing matches. During the riot, the gymnasium is burned down by Liam, the young son of Maggie, who thinks Danny and his mother are going to elope. Danny has been reconnecting with an old flame, Maggie , now married to an imprisoned IRA man and required by IRA code to remain faithful to him. Their relationship dominates much of the film. Harry sees Danny and Maggie's relationship as a way to undermine the authority of her father, Joe Hamill ([[Brian Cox , the grim but war-weary IRA district chief who is working for peace. Finally, Harry and some other IRA men kidnap Danny and take him away to be executed. Then, in a last-minute twist, the IRA gunman shoots Harry instead of Danny, thus eliminating a rogue agent. Maggie with Liam her son in the car pick up Danny and they all drive home together."] ['In four episodes, Suleiman recounts family stories inspired by his father Fuad\'s private diaries starting from when he was a resistance fighter in 1948, and his mother’s letters to family members who were forced to leave the country during the same period. In addition, Suleiman also combines his own memories in an attempt to provide a portrait of the daily life of the Palestinians who were labeled "Israeli-Arabs" after they chose to remain in their country and become a minority.'] ['The story of the film centers on Irene Kawai, a Japanese American teenager in Chicago in the 1970s who is haunted by a photo of her grandfather she never knew, standing by a barracks in a World War II internment camp for Japanese Americans. Prompted by visits from the ghost of Terri, her dead baby sister, Irene journeys with her boyfriend, Luke, on a road trip to Arizona, where the Poston War Relocation Center once stood, and where the photo of her grandfather was taken.'] ['In the spring of 1968 in California, Sally , a loyal and conservative military wife, is married to Bob Hyde , a Captain in the United States Marine Corps who is sent over to Vietnam. As a dedicated military officer, Bob sees it primarily as an opportunity for progress. At first, Sally dreads being left alone, but after a while she feels liberated. Forced to find housing off the base she moves into a new apartment by the beach and buys a sports car. With nothing else to do, she decides to volunteer at a local veteran\'s hospital. This, in part, is motivated by her bohemian friend Vi Munson, whose brother Billy has come home after just two weeks in Vietnam with grave emotional problems and now resides in the VA hospital. At the hospital, Sally meets Luke Martin , a former classmate. Like his friend Bill , Luke had gone to Vietnam but came back wounded. He is recuperating at the hospital from the injuries he sustained in the Vietnam War and which left him a paraplegic. Filled with pain, anger, and frustration, Luke is now opposed to the war. Luke at first is a bitter young man, but as he is increasingly thrown into contact with Sally, a relationship starts to develop. Eventually, Luke is released from the hospital, and, newly mobile with his own wheelchair, begins to rebuild his life. His relationship with Sally deepens. She is also transformed by him and her outlook on life starts to change. They have happy times, play at the beach, and the two fall in love. Meanwhile Billy, traumatized by his experiences at war, commits suicide by injecting air into his veins. After Billy’s suicide, Luke has only one obsession: do anything to stop sending young men off to war. Sally and Luke eventually make love, confronting his handicap. It is the first time Sally has had an orgasm. However, she remains loyal to her husband, and both she and Luke know their relationship will have to end when her husband returns home. Bob does return, too soon, having accidentally wounded himself in a leg. He is also suffering from post traumatic stress disorder from what he has seen in combat. Bob then discovers Sally’s affair from Army Intelligence; and both Sally and Luke agree that Sally should try to patch things up with Bob. Bob loses control; menacingly confronting the lovers, but ultimately turns away. The film ends with Bob swimming out into the ocean in utter despair, presumably to kill himself. As Sally enters the supermarket at the end, the two doors close behind her, accidentally forming the symbolic phrase "Lucky Out". She and Luke are now free to pursue their romance.'] ['In the prologue, opening in medias res, shows Gordon Brown  taking a telephone call from Tony Blair  to arrange a meeting at the Granita restaurant in Islington. The narrative shifts to 1983; in the wake of the Falklands War, Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher and her Conservative government enjoy huge public popularity as the general election approaches, while Labour\'s radical election manifesto loses them key voters. Brown is elected as the new Member of Parliament for Dumfermline East. In London, he is shown to his office in the Houses of Parliament. John Smith , a senior Labour MP, introduces Brown to Blair, his new office-mate and the new MP for Sedgefield. Blair makes pleasantries with Brown and, though Brown is not initially impressed, the two become friends. Smith soon introduces the pair to Peter Mandelson , Neil Kinnock\'s director of communications. Shortly afterwards, Kinnock appoints Blair to be an assistant Treasury spokesman. Brown turns down a promotion to the Scottish Office, hoping a better position will come along. He and Blair discuss their political futures and both agree that, of the two, Brown would make a better leader of the party. Labour is unable to make significant dents in the Conservative majority at the 1987 general election. Kinnock promotes Smith to Shadow Chancellor of the Exchequer, with Brown as his "number two". Three years later, Thatcher resigns as Prime Minister after losing a Conservative leadership ballot. Despite contrary predictions, the Conservatives win the 1992 general election. Blair tells Brown that a new approach is needed, and that Brown should stand for the party leadership. Brown refuses to stand against Smith, his friend and mentor. Mandelson privately suggests to Brown that Blair should stand as leader but Brown ridicules the idea. Smith is elected and, over the next two years, Labour gains support as scandals rock the government. Blair, as Shadow Home Secretary, pledges to be "tough on crime, tough on the causes of crime" in the wake of the murder of James Bulger. Smith tells Brown that he sees Blair as his natural successor as leader of the party. A year later, Smith suffers a fatal heart attack. Blair, encouraged by his wife Cherie , decides to stand in the leadership contest. He later meets with Mandelson to tell him that he has received support from key Labour frontbenchers. Previously a supporter of Brown, Mandelson switches his allegiance to Blair. Brown is furious that Blair has gone back on their unwritten agreement. Smith\'s funeral passes, and Blair\'s camp is sure that Brown will run. Charlie Whelan  and Ed Balls  advise Brown that he will receive support from significant trade unions. Blair decides to arrange a meeting with Brown. At Granita, Blair tells Brown that he will run for the leadership, and in return offers Brown unprecedented power as his Chancellor, should they win the next election. Brown asks what Blair\'s plan is for Labour\'s second term, and Blair tells him that he will step down and offer his support to Brown as Prime Minister. Brown agrees and Mandelson prepares a statement from him, but discards Brown\'s alterations. The leadership contest is won by Blair.'] ["It is the late 1970s, and smuggler David Swansey  specialises in importing goods to war-torn Southern Rhodesia, defying international sanctions imposed on the doomed nation. Swansey is eventually contracted by the Ian Smith administration to arrange an illicit purchase of American-made Iroquois helicopters for counter-insurgency operations against black African nationalists. However, word of his plan soon reaches the latter, who apply strong political pressure to kill the deal in its cradle - the aircraft shipment in question is impounded upon reaching neighbouring South-West Africa. Meanwhile, one of the many indigenous guerillas resisting the white supremacist policies of the Rhodesian regime is Gideon Marunga , veteran combatant and reluctant participant in atrocities directed against unarmed civilians by his fellow insurgents. Marunga discovers that Swansey, with the aid of the Rhodesian Security Forces and South African sympathizers, hopes to lead an armed raid on the airfield where the Iroquois are being temporarily held - with the intention of stealing them across the border into Rhodesia. On the day of the assault, Marunga arrives at the airfield and stalls the attacking troopers, while his accomplices succeed in destroying some of the helicopters. In the firefight which ensues he comes face to face with Swansey, and the two men subsequently share a weary moment of reflection on their stalemate. Both abruptly part ways; the smuggler permits his enemy to escape unarmed into the night. As word of the foiled transaction spreads, Swansey finds himself unable to continue conducting business on the global scale and is restricted to Rhodesia, where he faces conscription into active duty with the armed forces. The film's storyline closes as Marunga and Swansey confront each other on the battlefield again - this time through the sights of their rifles."] ["The film is set initially in Northern Iraq, 2003, two weeks after the fall of Saddam Hussein. Ahmed, a 12-year-old boy begrudgingly follows in the shadow of his grandmother. On hearing news that prisoners of war have been found alive in the South, she is determined to discover the fate of her missing son, Ahmed’s father, who never returned from the Gulf war in 1991. From the mountains of Kurdistan to the sands of Babylon, they hitch rides from strangers and cross paths with fellow pilgrims, on all too similar journeys. Struggling to understand his grandmother's search, Ahmed follows in the forgotten footsteps of a father he never knew. They also go to mass graves, where they ask if he is on the list of identified bodies, and look for papers on the bodies."] ['{{Main}} The movie of Rosewood relates the historical events of a January 1923 race riot in Rosewood, Florida, in which whites attacked blacks and burned the town down. A mentally unstable white woman, Fanny Taylor, claims to have been beaten by a black man. Historical accounts note that this was never proven. The movie shows a white man, not Fanny’s husband, in her bedroom where they have sex. Shortly after he finishes, he prepares to go back to work. She gets upset and hits him inciting him to beat her. Some black workers outside heard the events but did nothing. When they told about it, their account of a white man beating Fanny was not believed. Singleton presents it as looking as if Fanny was covering up her cheating on her husband by blaming it on a black man. The white residents readily believe Fanny\'s account, demonstrating the power of racial stereotyping and fears. The black residents of Rosewood quickly become targeted by the white males of nearby Sumner, Florida and others who arrive for a fight, including members of the Ku Klux Klan. Mobs formed swiftly. The movie features the fictional character of Mann, played by Ving Rhames. Mann is a WWI veteran who is traveling around in search of land. He meets and falls in love with a woman in Rosewood named Beulah or "Scrappie" and has stayed there. After Fanny tells her story of rape, Mann leaves town. He is afraid of being lynched as a suspected stranger. He hears stories of the attacks and returns to the town to save the woman he loves, together with children she cares for. After the whites started generally attacking and killing blacks, all of the blacks fled from Rosewood or were killed. First the women and children fled, followed by men who survived. People left their homes and land and all of their possessions behind to get away from the murderous white men that raided their town . Some white men who lived in Rosewood helped black people escape from the mob. Railroad conductors smuggled people out of town on the rail cars that ran nearby. In the movie, Voigt as Wright asks the train conductors to pick up the women and children. Other blacks took refuge in white people’s homes, including Wright\'s. Racism was shown by the mob\'s avoiding Wright\'s house but burning down those of blacks. They did not bother with known white houses. Although it was dangerous for them to do, some white men like Wright protected blacks from death. In the movie, the mob believed James Carrier held information about the escaped convict Jesse Hunter. Wright let the Sheriff take Carrier, because the officer said he only wanted to question him. When Carrier said he didn\'t have any information, he was shot immediately by one of the mob. Wright gets upset and the mob accuses him of being soft on blacks. The scene shows that most of the white men didn\'t agree with what was going on, but were too afraid to face the mob. The movie portrayed towns near Sumner trying to prevent the violence from spreading. At one point the men of Sumner were following the trail of some men. But when they get to the border between their town and the next one over, white men stopped them. They protected their black citizens, saying they are law abiding and peaceful, and Singleton demonstrated that not everyone agreed with the riot. As word spread to the federal government and national newspapers, the media splintered in its portrayal of events. Some portrayed the murder at Sylvester Carrier\'s as appropriate to stop the black men from arming. They relied on rumors and fear. Southern white newspapers explained mob\'s actions as the way to avenge the rape of Fanny and keep blacks in their place. The Afro-American newspapers encouraged blacks and praised them for staying behind to defend their homes and property. Officially the death toll was eight people total, two whites and six blacks. Other accounts by survivors and the Afro-American newspapers were of a higher toll. The movie portrayed the newspapers as contributing to the riot; men came from neighboring towns and even states to put down the riot. At the end of the movie, a narrative states that some blacks and one white testified as witnesses in court in the a 1990s suit of survivors against the state for its failure to protect the people of Rosewood.  This was followed by a state investigation and report. Florida was the first state to pay reparations to survivors and their descendants for a racial riot.'] ['At the start of the story, the death of Associate Justice Stanley Moorehead has created a vacancy on the United States Supreme Court. The new appointee turns out to be Ruth Loomis, a staunch conservative, who is confirmed as the first female US Supreme Court Justice. She and Associate Justice Daniel Snow, a committed liberal and many years older than Loomis, clash intellectually on just about every judicial issue before them. One case involves a pornographic film and arguments about freedom of speech. With time, the two characters develop a liking and respect for each other.'] ['This is an account of the life of Rosa Parks and her actions in civil rights. After she refused to give up her seat on a racially segregated bus after a long day at work, she was jailed. Her example and treatment prompted a bus boycott as a major civil rights demonstration in Montgomery, Alabama; it lasted 381 days from 1955 to 1956. The film shows her background and indicates the issues in the segregated society of Alabama and the South. As a child, Rosa was educated in a private school run by the Religious Society of Friends , where she was encouraged to overcome the limits of segregation. In her late teens, she married barber Raymond Parks, an advocate of equal rights. She joins the local branch of the NAACP, although her husband believes that the organization has been ineffective in its battle against legalized racism. She worked as a seamstress in a department store. On December 1, 1955, after working all day, Rosa Parks took a seat in the designated "colored" section of a Montgomery city bus. When the "white" section at the front fills up, the white driver orders Parks to relinquish her seat, as was the practice. She refused, and was arrested and jailed. Civil rights activists organized a one-day bus boycott the day of her trial  With its success, they founded the Montgomery Improvement Association, and began a citywide bus boycott, led by a new local minister, Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr.. The boycott lasted 381 days, and African Americans made it work, many making sacrifices of time and energy to walk to work and other destinations. As they comprised the majority of bus passengers, the boycott really hurt the business. Eventually a ruling by the United States Supreme Court in the case declared bus segregation unconstitutional. The boycott was important for mobilizing people in the civil rights movement both in the South and nationally.'] ["After drifting apart emotionally over the years, two single siblings — Wendy  and Jon  — band together to care for their estranged, elderly father, Lenny , who is rapidly slipping into dementia. Wendy and Jon first travel to Sun City, Arizona, to attend the funeral of their father's girlfriend of 20 years. When they arrive, they are told that their father signed a non-marriage agreement and will not have rights to any of her property. They then move him to a nursing home in Buffalo, New York, where Jon is a theater professor working on a book about Bertolt Brecht. Wendy, who is an aspiring, but unsuccessful, playwright, moves from New York City to help establish their father in Buffalo. Neither is close with Lenny, who is said to have been a difficult man to live with.  Their dysfunctional family life appears to have left Wendy and Jon emotionally crippled and unable to sustain a relationship. She is sleeping with an unattainable married man 13 years her senior and he cannot commit to a Polish woman who must return to Kraków after her visa expires. Their visits to the nursing home and their father's eventual death allow them to reevaluate their lives and to grow emotionally. In the end, Wendy is seen working on the production of her play about their terrible childhood and Jon is leaving for a conference in Poland where it is suggested he may reconnect with the woman he had let go."] ['The film begins with a shot at a loading dock in Cleveland, Ohio in 1937. The supervisor is Mr. Gant, who welcomes a new worker, Lincoln Dombrowsky . Gant tells him the job requirements and pay rules. He\'ll be paid for working 8 hours and if he has to work overtime, he still gets paid only for 8 hours. If he drops any of the merchandise, the cost comes directly out of his pay. These are examples of unfair working practices faced by the laborers. Later Dombrowsky drops a few carts of tomatoes, which is taken out of his pay; another worker is fired for helping him pick it up. Johnny Kovak , another worker resentful of mistreatment, leads a riot. Afterward, the workers go to the office of Boss Andrews. Kovak believes he negotiates a deal for the workers, but the next day he and his friend Abe Belkin  are told they are fired. While commiserating in bars, Kovak and Belkin are approached by Mike Monahan, who saw Kovak\'s leadership. He offers them positions in the Federation of Interstate Truckers . They will be paid according to how many members they can recruit, and they reluctantly join. Given a car for recruiting, Kovak tries to meet a woman, Anna Zarinka . They begin to see each other. At the same time, he starts to gain some members, which attracts attention from business owners. They offer him a deal to join them and be a voice in helping bring more workers to trucking. After rejecting the offer, Kovak is physically attacked. He continues to work on union recruiting. Another leader of F.I.S.T., Max Graham , is known by many workers as a hothead. He and Kovak compete for superiority. Soon Monahan, Kovak and Abe begin working to get the F.I.S.T. members at Consolidated Trucking covered by a labor agreement. When management refuses to deal with them, the F.I.S.T. workers strike. They set up camp outside Consolidated Trucking\'s gates, but are pushed out by strikebreakers and hired security. Monahan tries to ram the gates in a truck, but is shot and killed. At his funeral, Kovak decides to "get some muscle" and accepts help from Vince Doyle ([[Kevin Conway , a local gangster. Doyle\'s men attack trucks trying to make deliveries. Local mobsters and the members of F.I.S.T. join forces to storm the gates of Consolidated Trucking. In the end the President of Consolidated Trucking signs a labor agreement. After the strike, Kovak and Abe travel throughout the Midwest to recruit more workers. Kovak becomes wealthier and marries Anna. A new crime figure, Babe Milano , comes on the scene and wants some piece of the action. Kovak meets Milano with Doyle and, although reluctant to involve him in his business, decides it will be best for now. Twenty years later, F.I.S.T. has become a large and important union, with about two million members and a fancy headquarters. When Kovak visits Max Graham at the headquarters, he is displeased to see how luxurious the building and Graham\'s offices are. Located on the west coast, Belkin is still important in the union. As Kovak visits with Belkin, the latter tells him that Graham has made money unethically off the union. In his investigation, Kovak finds that Graham used his influence to steer union businesses and funds to shell companies owned by him or his wife. The violent ways of the union are shown by a physical assault against the wife of a trucking company owner who resisted union organizing of his workers. At the F.I.S.T. convention, a new union president is to be elected, with Graham a strong favorite. At a private meeting, Kovak tells Belkin of Graham\'s criminal deeds. Belkin encourages turning the man in to the authorities. Disagreeing, Kovak is worried about the effects of a scandal on the union, which he wants to protect. Meeting with Graham, Kovak confronts him and suggests he quit his run for union president to support Kovak. Elected president of F.I.S.T., Kovak is investigated by Senator Madison , who suspects the labor leader of ties with the Mafia. When Belkin visits Kovak again, he urges the president to cut off Milano and make the union "clean again". Kovak ignores his request. Doyle later tells Kovak that Belkin will testify against him, Milano and everyone else, but Kovak insists that Abe be protected. Called in to testify in a hearing led by Senator Madison, Kovak is told that Abe Belkin has been killed and the senator believes Kovak is responsible. Shocked, Kovak has an emotional outburst and storms out of the hearing. That night when he returns home, he finds Anna and his children are missing. He gets his pistol but is shot and killed in the house by Milano\'s men. They feared that Kovak would cut the mob out and testify against Milano. The movie ends with a shot of a bumper sticker on a truck, which reads, "Where\'s Johnny?"'] ["The plot of Darfur revolves around six Western journalists who visit a small village in Darfur in western Sudan under the escort of a squad of troops of the African Union peacekeeping mission. When they learn the brutal state sponsored militia called the Janjaweed are heading towards the village, they are faced with an impossible decision: leave Sudan and report the atrocities to the world, or risk their own lives and stay in the hopes of averting a certain slaughter. While most of them flee back to their base, two of the journalists, Freddie Smith, and Theo Schwartz, decide to stay behind along with the Nigerian commander of the AU unit, Captain Jack Tobamke, to try to save the villagers when the Arab Janjaweed enter the village and begin to indiscriminally kill all the Black African men, women, and children. Despite their efforts to save some villagers, Captain Tobamke, Theo, and Freddie are all killed one by one in the subsequent shootout with the Janjaweed, but not after killing or wounding a few dozen of the savage milita. The surviving Janjaweed then burn the village to the ground and move on, presumably to continue their genocide rampage across the Darfur landscape. The final scene shows the female member of the journalist team, Malin Lausberg, who had fled with most of the other reporters and AU soldiers during the Janjaweed attack, now return to the destroyed village the next day with a group of AU soldiers only to find everyone dead, including two of her colleagues. But she finds an infant that Freddie protected by hiding under Theo's dead body as the sole survivor of the massacre. Malin takes the baby with her as she and the rest of the AU troops leave the destroyed village behind."] ["The film opens with Peppino as a small child singing the popular song “Volare” with his brother in the back seat of a car on the way to a family gathering. The family is one of good standing in the social community and they are celebrating the fact that they have such a good life. In this scene the relationship between Peppino and his uncle Cesare is established. His uncle is a Don or Mafia boss in the small town of Cinisi where the story is set. In a scene soon after the happy family gathering we see Don Cesare blown up by a car bomb which was planted by a rival Mafia boss. This ends Peppino’s time of innocence. Even as a small child he is thrust into the realities of life in the Mafia. After his uncle’s funeral he goes to a local painter, Stefano Venuti, who is also a very outspoken member of the communist party in Sicily, to paint a picture of Cesare. Stefano refuses to paint it but does not really give him a reason. He did not get along with Cesare when he was alive because of their great difference in political views but he cannot really tell this sad stubborn little boy why he cannot paint him. Stefano ends up taking Peppino under his wing and puts his stubborn persistent energy to use in the aid of the Communist Party in Sicily. The story then jumps to when Peppino is a young adult in his early 20s protestesting against the government expropriating land that belonged to local farmers to build an airport with his Comrades in the Communist Party. They all end up in the local jail where Peppino is bailed out by his father. After this incident Peppino brings Stefano an article he has written for a local propaganda newspaper titled “La Mafia è una montagna di merda” or “The Mafia is a pile of shit” which Stefano deems to be too extreme and very dangerous to publish. This is the point where there is a break between Peppino and Stefano. Peppino becomes more and more extreme in his hatred for the Mafia and his need to expose all of the corruption that is happening in the town. Peppino and his father get into a big fight because of this article and this begins break between Peppino and his family. Peppino’s next step to expose the Mafia was to create a radio station with his friends called “Radio Aut” which condemned the Mafia and told about Don Tano’s participation in the drug trade. At this point Peppino’s father is under a lot of pressure to make his son stop what he is doing. Peppino gets kicked out of his family’s house. His mother is still looking out for him. She brings him books and keeps him hidden from his father. Meanwhile Luigi cannot handle the situation that Peppino has created at home so he goes to visit his relatives in America. They tell him that they can get Peppino a job in radio in America if he wants. Shortly after Luigi returns from America, he has a conversation with Peppino and then gets hit by a car on his walk home from his restaurant. Peppino does not acknowledge his father's Mafia friends at his funeral. This was not unexpected from him and it was rude and dangerous. By this point Peppino starts to doubt in the people's commitment to resist the Mafia. He feels like he is all alone in his resistance. He decides to run for office in a local election running under a very small leftist party while continuing his radio crusade. The Mafia eventually gets tired of Peppino and decides that life would be easier without him. They have men follow him in his car one night and when he stops at a railroad crossing they drag him out of his car beat him until he cannot move, tie him to the railroad tracks with TNT and blow him up. His friends realize that something's up and go looking for Peppino. They cannot find anything until the morning when they find the police in the spot where Peppino has been killed. They can see the blood on the ground from where he was beaten. They protest vehemently to the police to investigate it as a murder  but the police, having been influenced by the Mafia, rule the case terrorist act, and then later on as a suicide and leave. At his funeral there is a huge demonstration of support from the many people who he had made an impact on in his ten years of anti-Mafia and Communist party work. Peppino Impastato was killed on May 9, 1978. The case was originally treated as a suicide and no one was convicted for his murder until 1997 when the case was reopened and Gaetano Badalamenti was convicted and given a life sentence for the murder of Peppino Impastato."] ["Sarah Barcant , a lawyer in New York City who grew up in South Africa, returns to her childhood dwelling place to intercede for Alex Mpondo , a Black South African politician who was tortured during apartheid. Under the Truth and Reconciliation terms, the whole truth must come out. As it is, under duress Mpodo had identified one of his underground comrades, Steve Sizela. But he also confirms that he kept a much more important secret – a buried list that names some new recruits. This is still where he left it, years ago. The full truth now emerges. Dirk Hendricks , the local policeman, admits Sizela was killed by his boss, Piet Muller ([[Ian Roberts . Also that much of the torture was carried out at a ranch rather than at the police station – thus confirming Alex's apparently false memories of a 'dirt floor' and a 'tap in the corridor. Visiting the ranch, he puts details together. Dirk admits where he buried Steve Sizela. The bones are found and dug from the ground; Mpondo decides to allow amnesty as the whole truth has been said. Muller, who denied the charges and pleaded not guilty, ironically applies for amnesty himself, infuriating members of the Black South African community. Parallel with this story is Sarah Barcant's confrontation with her own past. She was arrested as a teenager for having a black boyfriend, breaking the apartheid laws. She got out after one night, thanks to Ben Hoffman, a white lawyer who has worked all of his life against apartheid and is a strong believer in 'Truth and Reconciliation'. Sarah Barcant is there because she owes him a debt, and he is now too weak to take the case himself. He sees the outcome as positive."] ["The film is set against the backdrop of Mexico's Cristero War, which took place between 1926 and 1929, when the Mexican government banned Catholicism and persecuted its followers. Clergy are separated from their congregations and worship is forbidden. Elias, the central character of the film, follows his wife's wishes by seeking out a priest to perform the last rites on their unborn son, whom she fears will die due to a fall she sustained. Upon finding one, he manages to persuade the priest to return with him to the village to perform the last rites, despite putting the safety of the community at risk. The Federales follow the pair and kill every man, woman and child in the village. Elias's family are able to escape, although his wife dies while giving birth to their son. Captured, Elias realises he is responsible for the deaths of his entire community and begs the priest for forgiveness before his execution. The priests says he is unable to do so and curses Elias's bloodline. Elias escapes and becomes obsessed with the concept of atoning for his sin. He moves his remaining seven children to the desert where they begin to build a monument to God. As his children begin to die through illness and accident, Elias maintains that God has forsaken him and his religious beliefs turn from reverence to homicidal and take over his and his children’s lives."] ['In "a New England city", Frank Skeffington plans to run for a fifth term. Skeffington rose from poverty in an Irish ghetto to become mayor and former governor, and is skilled at using the power of his office and an enormous political machine of ward heelers to receive support from his Irish Catholic base and other demographics. Rumors of graft and abuse of power are widespread, however, and many Catholics and other citizens oppose Skeffington, including the Catholic cardinal and Protestant bishop. Newspaper publisher Amos Force and other members of the city\'s traditional elite the Irish Catholics replaced also oppose him, and support the candidacy of Kevin McCluskey, a young Catholic lawyer and war veteran with no political experience. Adam Caulfield is a sportswriter for Force\'s newspaper. His father-in-law, Roger Sugrue, is among those who oppose Skeffington, Caulfield\'s uncle. The mayor invites Caulfield to observe in person what will be his last election, his "last hurrah", to preserve for history urban politics before radio and television fully changes campaigning. Skeffington prefers old-fashioned, hands-on politics, and attends numerous rallies, luncheons, dinners, and speeches. His influence is such that when Skeffington attends an unpopular old friend\'s wake, hundreds rush to be present. Disgusted at how the wake becomes another political event, Caulfield leaves; one of the mayor\'s men explains to him, however, that Skeffington attended to attract mourners to cheer the widow, to whom Skeffington has secretly donated $1,000. After Norman Cass\'s bank turns down a loan for the city to build a housing development, Skeffington invades the exclusive Plymouth Club to confront him, Force, the bishop, and other members of the elite. The mayor threatens to publicly embarrass Cass\'s family by appointing his unintelligent son as fire commissioner. The banker is forced to approve the loan, but vows to contribute large amounts of money to defeat Skeffington. McCluskey\'s campaign arranges for a series of television advertisements, but his ineptness disappoints both the cardinal and bishop. On election night Skeffington\'s men expect another victory, but McCluskey unexpectedly defeats the incumbent and his machine. As his men argue over why their usual tactics involving large amounts of "money" failed, Skeffington chastises them as if he were unaware of their actions. The mayor confidently states on television that he will run for governor but suffers a heart attack that night, and a large crowd comes to pay respect to the invalid. After Skeffington\'s last confession, Caulfield, Sugrue, and the mayor\'s men are at his bedside. When Sugrue suggests that the patient would live his life differently, Skeffington regains consciousness enough to reply "Like Hell I would" before dying.'] ['It is a drama based on a true story, set in a small contemporary Sussex village by the name of Ambleton during the apple harvest season. When Ambleton is faced with a proposal for a nearby motorway, the mayor  is quick to reject it in an effort to protect the tranquility of the village. However, forward thinking restaurant chef and councilor John Miller  embraces the proposal, seeing it as an opportunity to increase business. The ensuing standoff not only divides the community, but the ramifications ultimately lead to devastation and inspiration, as observed through the eyes of a young restaurant pianist and would-be filmmaker . The story resonates with themes of discrimination, youth unemployment and small town politics.'] ["A chronicle of Hind Husseini's effort to establish an orphanage in Jerusalem after the 1948 Arab–Israeli War, the Deir Yassin Massacre,{{cite web}} and the establishment of the state of Israel.{{Citation needed}}. Jerusalem, 1948. On her way to work, Hind Husseini  comes across 55 orphaned children in the street. She takes them home to give them food and shelter. Within six months, 55 had grown to almost 2,000, and the Dar Al-Tifel Institute was born. In 1978, at the age of 5, Miral  was sent to the Institute by her father following her mother's death. Brought up safely inside the Institute's walls, she is naïve to the troubles that surround her. Then, in 1988, at the age of 15, she is assigned to teach at a refugee camp where she is awakened to the reality of the Palestinian refugees. When she falls for Hani, a militant, she finds herself torn between the First Intifada of her people and Mama Hind's belief that education is the road to peace."] ['In 1823 Washington, Major O\'Neal  and his daughter Margaret "Peggy" O\'Neal  run an inn that is frequented by politicians. Peggy\'s outspoken and astute opinions have earned the admiration of men such as Andrew Jackson  and Daniel Webster . Virginia senator John Randolph , with whom Peggy is secretly in love, seems only to regard her as a child. When new inn resident "Bow" Timberlake ([[Robert Taylor  refers to Peggy as a "tavern girl," however, John slaps him. Bow soon falls in love with Peggy himself and proposes, but she refuses, then goes to John\'s room one night to confess her love for him. He sends her away, thinking that she is too young and does not really mean it, but begins to have a change of heart. When he finally realizes that they are both in love, however, he learns from Bow that Peggy has finally consented to marry him. Peggy again talks to John about their future, but John again rejects her, thinking that the younger Bow would be a more suitable husband. Because he is an officer on the {{USS}}, Bow must leave for a three month tour of duty shortly after their wedding. When the Constitution returns to Washington, Peggy learns that Bow has died. In 1828, Jackson is elected president amid a campaign of mud slinging aimed at his beloved Rachel , whom he inadvertently married before her divorce from her first husband was final. Soon after the election, Rachel dies after asking Peggy to look after Jackson. Peggy then becomes the president\'s official hostess and confidante, causing many of the Washington political wives to gossip and snub her. At the same time, Jackson comes under political fire from Southerners such as Randolph, who feels he has turned against them by his stand on state rights. At a ball, Peggy is excited to see John after his five-year absence from Washington and asks him to dance with her before dinner. When her childhood friend, "Rowdy" Dow, wants to fight Southern senator John C. Calhoun ([[Frank Conroy  because of an insulting remark about Peggy, however, she interrupts and asks him to dance instead. Seeing Rowdy and Peggy dancing, John returns home, but is followed by Peggy, who once again professes her love. This time, John admits his own love and the two plan to marry. Soon after telling Jackson what has happened, however, Peggy realizes that differing political views will never allow her and John to be happy, and they part. A short time later, Secretary of War John Eaton , who has loved Peggy for years, proposes. She is fond of him, and believes, like Jackson, that marriage will bring her respectability. A year later, Rowdy comes to visit and tells Peggy that John Randolph has been shot and is near death. She asks Rowdy to take her to see her John, who was shot by Sunderland , a Southerner trying to prevent him from revealing to Jackson a proposed violent rebellion. John dies contentedly after Peggy\'s visit. On the way back to Washington, Peggy and Rowdy\'s coach is accosted by Sunderland, who demands safe passage to Washington in exchange for not revealing that he has seen them. Rowdy throws him out, but soon Jackson\'s cabinet members and their wives come to him to demand that Peggy be sent away from Washington. When Peggy arrives at the meeting, Jackson lies by saying she was sent to see John Randolph by him and that Rowdy was asked by John Eaton to accompany her. Jackson then demands the resignation of his entire cabinet, except for Eaton. This somewhat mirrors the actual events, known as the "Petticoat affair". Finally, Peggy, who knows that even Jackson\'s kind lie will not lead to her acceptance in Washington, asks him to send John Eaton as the special envoy to Spain where she knows that they will find contentment.'] ['In 19th century Senegal, the Ceddo  try to preserve their traditional culture against the onslaught of Islam, Christianity, and the slave trade. When local king Demba War sides with the Muslims, the Ceddo abduct his daughter, Dior Yacine, to protest their forced conversion to Islam. After trying to rescue the princess, various heirs to the throne are killed, and Demba War is killed during the night. Eventually the kidnappers are killed and Dior Yacine is brought back to the village to confront the imam, just as all the villagers are being given Muslim names.'] [" The film tells of Maria , a political activist in an Argentine organization that is fighting the oppressive military dictatorship during the Dirty War. She also teaches reading and writing in the suburbs of Buenos Aires in a blighted area. She too lives in a decrepit rooming house with her mother Diane , who rents out some rooms. One of the lodgers is a young man named Felix , who's in love with Maria, and rather shy. Felix seems to have come from nowhere and is supposed to work as a watchman in a garage. One morning, Maria is kidnapped by a military squad in civilian clothes in front of her mother and is taken to the garage Olimpo, one of the many well-known torture places in the middle of Buenos Aires, which operate to the general indifference of the local citizens. As soon as Maria is captured the film's mood becomes uncomfortable and the atmosphere is minimalist. Tigre, who's the head of the center ([[Enrique Piñeyro , appoints Felix, their best torturer, to make Maria talk. Yet, Felix is overcome by his feelings for Maria, and Maria is determined to exploit the situation with Felix for her survival."] ["Timofey Berezin  works at a former top-secret, badly run and aged nuclear reprocessing facility plant in Skotoprigonyevsk-16, a former closed city and a naukograd. At the film's outset, he is exposed to radioactive contamination while selflessly trying to stop a criticality malfunction. The facility's draconian managers maintain his exposure was a survivable 100 rems, while accusing him of sabotage and suspending him without pay. Loyal coworkers, however, help Timofey discover the truth: he was exposed to 1,000 rems of radiation . Suffering from acute radiation poisoning, he has only days to live. Before Timofey's adoring wife, Marina , is fully aware of his fate, he leaves for Moscow, on a mission to secure a better future for her and their young son. He hooks up with a small-time gangster, Shiv , in hopes of finding a buyer for a selfmade canister of a little over 100 grams of weapons-grade plutonium salt he has stolen. It is 1995, only a few years after the dissolution of the Soviet Union, and they spend their time hurtling through the hotels, nightclubs and private palaces of the new Moscow underworld, ricocheting between two rival crime lords . However, what Timofey and Shiv never realize is that they are both caught in the same vise: trying to find a way free of a certain fate; hoping to do right by their loved ones before it is too late."] ['County Cork, Ireland, 1920. Dr. Damien O\'Donovan  is about to leave his native village to practice medicine in a London hospital. Meanwhile, his brother Teddy  commands the local flying column of the Irish Republican Army. After a hurling match, Damien witnesses the summary execution of his friend, Micheál Ó Súilleabháin, by British Black and Tans. Although shaken, Damien rebuffs his friends\' entreaties to stay in Ireland and join the IRA, saying that the war is unwinnable. As he is leaving town, Damien witnesses the British Army vainly trying to intimidate a railway guard and the train driver for refusing to permit the troops to board. In response, Damien decides to stay and is sworn into Teddy\'s IRA brigade. After drilling in the mountains, the column raids the village\'s Royal Irish Constabulary barracks for revolvers, then uses them to assassinate four Auxiliaries. In the aftermath, Anglo-Irish landowner Sir John Hamilton  coerces one of his servants, IRA member Chris Reilly , into passing information to the British Army\'s Intelligence Corps. As a result, the entire brigade is taken arrested. In their cell, Damien meets the train driver, Dan ([[Liam Cunningham , a union official who shares Damien\'s socialist views. Meanwhile, British officers interrogate Teddy, pulling out his fingernails when he refuses to give names of IRA members. Later, Johnny Gogan , a British soldier of Irish descent, helps all but three of the prisoners escape. After the actions of Sir John and Chris are revealed to the IRA\'s intelligence network, both are taken hostage. As Teddy is still recovering, Damien is temporarily placed in command. News arrives that the three remaining IRA prisoners have been tortured and shot. Simultaneously, the brigade receives orders to, "Execute the spies." Despite the fact that Chris is a lifelong friend, a shattered Damien shoots both him and Sir John. Later, Damien tells his sweetheart, Cumann na mBan member Sinéad Sullivan , about the shame of facing Chris\'s mother. After the IRA ambushes and wipes out an armed convoy of the Auxiliary Division, another detachment of Auxiliaries loots and burns the farmhouse of Sinéad\'s family in retaliation. Sinéad is held at gunpoint while her head is shaved. Later, as Damien comforts her, a messenger arrives with news of a formal ceasefire between Britain and the IRA. While the village celebrates, Damien and Sinéad steal away for a romantic interlude. After the Anglo-Irish Treaty is signed, the brigade learns that a partitioned Ireland will only be granted Dominion status within the British Empire. As a result, the brigade divides over the terms. Teddy and his allies argue that accepting the Treaty will bring peace now while further gains can be made later. Others oppose the Treaty, proposing to continue fighting until a united Irish Republic can be obtained. Dan and Damien further demand the collectivisation of industry and agriculture. Any other course, declares Dan, will change only, "the accents of the powerful and the colour of the flag." Not all Anti-Treaty Republicans are depicted as agreeing, however. Later, the Irish Free State replaces British rule and Teddy and his allies begin patrolling in Irish Army uniforms. Meanwhile, Damien and his allies join the Anti-Treaty IRA. When the civil war begins in Dublin, the Anti-Treaty column commences guerilla tactics against the Free State. As the violence escalates, Teddy expresses fear that the British will invade if the Republicans gain the upper hand. He decrees, "They take one out, we take one back. To hell with the courts." Ultimately, Dan is killed and Damien is captured during a raid for arms on a Free State barracks commanded by Teddy. Sentenced to death, Damien is held in the same cell where the British Army imprisoned them earlier. Hoping to avoid executing his brother, Teddy pleads with Damien to reveal where the IRA is hiding the stolen rifles, offering him full amnesty, a vision of Ireland at peace, and a life with Sinéad. Damien responds, "I shot Chris Reilly in the heart. I did that. You know why. I am not going to sell out." Devastated, Teddy leaves the cell in tears. Writing a goodbye letter to Sinéad, Damien declares his love for her, saying that he knows what he stands for and is not afraid. At dawn, Damien is marched before a firing squad. As both brothers fight back tears, Teddy gives the order, the squad fires, and Damien crumples to the ground. That afternoon, Teddy delivers Damien\'s letter to Sinéad. Enraged and heartbroken, she flails uselessly against Teddy, then orders him to leave. Sinéad falls to her knees mourning Damien, while Teddy mournfully walks away.'] ['The movie starts with a voice over stating that in an interview, President Lyndon Johnson was asked about the Kennedy Assassination and the Warren Commission report: he said he doubted seriously the findings of the Commission. The narration ends with the mention that the segment did not run on television and was cut from a program about Johnson.  The movie opens in June 1963 at a gathering of shadowy industrial, political and former US intelligence figures who are giving vent to their growing dissatisfaction with the Kennedy administration. The scene takes place in the plush surroundings of the lead conspirator, Robert Foster , presumably a Texas oil baron. He and the others are trying to convince Ferguson , a white-suited and mustachioed figure — a powerful oil magnate — to back their plans for an assassination of Kennedy. He remains unconvinced, saying "I don\'t like such schemes. They\'re only tolerable when necessary, and only permissible when they work." James Farrington , a black ops specialist, is also among the group. The film then cuts to an unknown location in the desert where a shooting team is doing target practice at a moving object. One of the shooters says that they can only guarantee the operation\'s success by slowing down the target to 15&nbsp;mph. The film intercuts between conversations among the lead conspirators, Farrington and Foster, and preparations for the assassination. The approval of the man in the white suit is crucial to the conspirators, although Farrington proceeds to organize two shooting teams in anticipation that he will change his mind. We then see sequences of the man in the white suit watching contemporary newsreel and becoming clearly concerned at Kennedy\'s increasingly \'liberal\' direction: action on civil rights, Nuclear Test Ban Treaty, nuclear disarmament. The deciding moment comes when he\'s watching an anti-Kennedy news report on the deteriorating situation in South Vietnam. It is followed by Kennedy\'s \'suicidal\' October 1963 decision  to withdraw all US advisors from Vietnam by the end of 1965, effectively ending America\'s direct involvement in the Vietnam War. He picks up the phone to tell Foster he now fully supports their project. While the motives of the man in the white suit are clear, the film attempts to cast light on the murky paranoid fears of the conspirators through dialogues between Foster and Farrington. They are primarily concerned about the future of America and the security of ruling class white people around the world. Foster forecasts the population of the third world in 2000 at 7 billion, \'Most of them yellow, brown or black. All hungry and all determined to love; they\'ll swarm out of their breeding grounds into Europe and America\'. He sees Vietnam as an opportunity to control the developing world and reduce its population to 550 million: \'I\'ve seen the data,\' says Foster, adding that they can then apply the same \'birth-control\' methods to unwanted groups in the US: poor whites, blacks and Latinos. At the end of the film a photo collage is shown of 18 witnesses: all but two of whom died from unnatural causes within three years of the assassination. A voice-over says that an actuary of the British newspaper The Sunday Times calculated the probability that all these people who witnessed the assassination would die within that period of time to be 1000 trillion to one.The number given in The Sunday Times article on February 26, 1967 was in fact 100,000 trillion to one. In response to a request by the House Select Committee on Assassinations in 1978 for a copy of the actuarial study, the legal manager for the Times replied that the article was "based on a careless journalistic mistake and should not have been published. This was realized by The Sunday Times editorial staff after the first edition — the one which goes to the United States and which I believe you have — had gone out, and later editions were amended … We asked [the actuary] the wrong question … what were the odds against fifteen named people out of the population of the United States dying within a short period of time … [instead of] the odds against fifteen of those included in the Warren Commission index dying within a given period," which they said would have been "much lower." HSCA Hearings, vol. 4, p. 463–465. Robert M. Musen, vice president and senior actuary at Metropolitan Life Insurance Company, estimated that the odds of 15 people out of 2,479 in the Warren Commission index dying within a three-year period, assuming a median age of 40, would be 98.16 percent, or one out of 1.2. Assuming a median age of 35, the number would be 57.09 percent, or one out of 1.75. Vincent Bugliosi, Reclaiming History , p. 1013–14.  The film postulates that Lee Harvey Oswald is being steered to become the conspiracy\'s \'patsy\'. The conspirators use a double of Oswald to shadow him in the weeks leading up to the assassination to leave behind a trail that the authorities can easily follow and link Oswald to the crime. The film makes no explicit link to US government agencies and the conspiracy, although the professionalism of Farrington\'s shooting team clearly indicates they have worked for the CIA on special assignments. The film implies that most of the law enforcement and government agencies were not involved, but just grossly inept: no special measures were taken for the president\'s safety in Dallas; there is no communication between the FBI, CIA and Secret Service on possible security risks; even the head of the Secret Service stays in Washington during the visit. This explanation helps understand why the authorities were so keen to pin the blame on Oswald, the rogue assassin, who is \'served up\' by the conspirators to the authorities as an easy escape from any accusations of their own negligence. The post-assassination conspiracy is also covered in the film. Farrington tells the head of the shooting teams, who at this point don\'t know who their target is, that after this job he and his men will never have to work again. All the assassins are black ops professionals trained never to talk about operations they are involved in. Each one is offered $25,000 per year for the next five years provided the operation\'s cover isn\'t blown. If the cover remains intact in five years time  \'every man jack of them\'  will receive a further $100,000 into their Swiss bank accounts. The head of the shooting teams then tells Farrington: \'You just told me who we\'re going to hit.\''] ["In the late 1930s, in Ferrara, a group of young friends get together for afternoons of tennis and happy times. Some of them are Jewish and a rising tide of Fascism has imposed increasingly anti-Semitic restrictions in their lives. Barred from regular tennis clubs, they go to play at the grand, walled estate owned by the Finzi-Contini, a wealthy, intellectual and sophisticated Jewish family. The two young Finzi-Contini, Alberto and his sister Micol, have organized a tennis tournament. Oblivious to the threats around them, life still seems to be sunny at the large Finzi-Contini estate, keeping the rest of the world at bay. Among the visitors there is a man vying for the beautiful, tall and blond, Micol Finzi-Contini. Her middle class Jewish, childhood friend is Giorgio, who feels entitled to her heart. A series of flashbacks show how Giorgio used to wait outside the walls of the estate, hoping for a glimpse of Micol. As teenagers they became fast friends. Now as adults, they enjoy their mutual company and Micol gives Giorgio special attention. Escaping a sudden downpour in a gazebo, Giorgio tries to touch her, but she rejects him. Alberto, whose health is fragile, enjoys a close friendship with Bruno Malnate, a darkly handsome gentile with socialist sympathies. Giorgio's father considers the Finzi-Contini so different that they don’t even seem to be Jewish. Wealth, privilege and generations of intellectual and social position have bred them into a family as proud as it is vulnerable. The other Jews in the town react to Mussolini's edicts in various ways: Giorgio is enraged; his father is philosophical. But the Finzi-Continis hardly seem to know, or care, what is happening. Giorgio, who is about to graduate, becomes a frequent visitor to the Finzi-Contini's villa where he is allowed to use their extensive library. He is in love with Micol, and she seems to return his feeling, but unexpectedly she leaves to stay in Venice with her uncles. On her return Micol changes, coldly rejecting any show of affection from Giorgio. Instead she carries on affair with Bruno Malnate, a man she claims to despise as too vulgar, crude, and leftist for her tastes. Peeking through a window Giorgio discovers Bruno and Micol naked together. Heartbroken Giorgio is comforted by his father. The political events close in. A journey to visit his brother Ernesto in Grenoble exposes Giorgio to news of the Nazi persecution, but he returns to Ferrara. With the beginning of the German invasion of the Soviet Union, Bruno is recruited and sent to the Russian front. By 1943 all the young Jews who used to visit the Garden of the Finzi-Continis have been arrested. Malnate has been killed in the Russian front. By the time the frail and sick Alberto dies, Italian soldiers are hunting down and rounding up the Jews of Ferrara. The Finzi-Continis are abruptly taken away from their contentment and illusory isolation. Separated from her parents Micol and her frail and distraught grandmother are placed in a former classroom. They are surprised to find Giorgio’s father. Anxiously she asks him about Giorgio. He tells her that he hopes that Giorgio and the rest of his family has made it abroad. The fate of the Jews of Ferrara is being deported to the concentration camps. Giorgio's father hopes that at least they won't be separated. Images show happy days of Nicole, Alberto, Ernesto and Bruno playing tennis and now the empty tennis court. The sequence is accompanied by the El male rachamim, a Jewish lament for the dead."] ['A brutish but well-meaning Irishman, Gypo Nolan , informs on his best friend Frankie McPhillip , who is a member of the illegal Irish Republican Army, in order to collect the reward of £20 offered by the Irish government and sail to the United States with his girlfriend Katie Madden . The film traces his conscience-stricken emotional disintegration that eventually leads him to give himself away.'] ['The film opens in April 1945 with the death of Franklin Roosevelt and the succession of Harry Truman to the presidency. In Europe, the Germans are close to surrender, but in the Pacific the bloody battle for Okinawa is still underway and an invasion of the Japanese home islands is not foreseen until the autumn. American battle casualties have almost reached 900,000, with Japanese casualties at 1.1 million, and some 8 million Asian civilians have died in the war that began with Japan\'s invasion of Manchuria in 1931. The new president knows nothing about the nuclear weapons being developed at Los Alamos, and he must soon decide on whether to use them and how. The US Secretary of War, Henry Stimson, has doubts even about the wisdom of the American fire-bombing raids on Japan. "One of these Gadgets [bombs]", U.S. Secretary of State James F. Byrnes says, "could end the war in one blow." When nuclear physicist Leo Szilard delivers a petition signed by 73 scientists urging the president not to deploy the bomb, Byrnes tells him: "You do not spend two billion dollars and then show them [American voters] nothing." The film suggests that Byrnes never mentioned Szilard\'s visit to the president. Also urging deployment is Maj. Gen. Leslie Groves, director of the Manhattan Project. "We\'ve come this far", Groves says; "there\'s no going back." A demonstration is ruled out because "it might be a dud." In Japan, the strong man is Gen. Anami Korechika, the minister of war, who argues that if the homeland is defended at the cost of every Japanese, the Americans will tire of war and sue for peace. "Surrender is out of the question", he says. The voice of reason is the new civilian prime minister, Suzuki Kantaro, who says in private, "We must end this damned war." A committee appointed by Truman recommends unanimously that he use the bomb on "war plants surrounded by worker housing", without warning. A portly Gen. George Marshall lays out plans for the invasion of Kyūshū in November and Honshū in March 1946, involving 767,000 Allied troops and casualties that may reach 250,000. In Tokyo, Adm. Yonai Mitsumasa assures the cabinet that 25 percent of the invaders will be destroyed by kamikaze attack at sea, 25 percent will die on the beach, and the rest will fall in battle. Children as young as nine are being taught to fight the invaders with bamboo spears. "This is madness", says foreign minister Togo Shigenori, an outspoken peace advocate. The civilians in the cabinet decide to secretly ask for Russian mediation. On July 16, the Trinity test shows that a plutonium bomb is feasible and that a nuclear blast is even more powerful than scientists predicted. The uranium bomb Little Boy leaves Los Alamos for Tinian island in the Pacific. At the Potsdam conference near Berlin, the Soviet leader Joseph Stalin promises to join the war against Japan. British prime minister Winston Churchill urges Truman to use the bomb so as to constrain Russian expansion, an argument seconded by Truman\'s military advisers, who warn that unless Japan surrenders quickly it will have a Russian zone of occupation and the attendant problems. Truman decides to drop the bomb, reporting afterward that he then "went to bed and slept like a baby." The Allied leaders deliver an ultimatum to Japan "to give them one last chance." In Tokyo, prime minister Suzuki tries to keep the army in line by declaring in a press conference that he will "mokusatsu" the ultimatum—a term that the Americans translate as "treat with silent contempt." In deference to Henry Stimson\'s qualms, Truman strikes Kyoto off the target list, leaving Hiroshima as the primary target, and Enola Gay makes a successful drop on the morning of August 6, 1945. Recalls an airman afterward: "I\'ll tell you what I thought: this is the end of the war." The Japanese war cabinet is told that the blast killed or injured 130,000 people, but the hardliners argue that the U.S. can\'t have many more such bombs, that world opinion will prevent a repetition, and that Japan can still fight to an honorable peace. At worst, Gen. Anami declares, Japan will be "destroyed like a beautiful flower." On August 9, the Soviet Union invades Manchuria; next day, the Fat Man plutonium bomb devastates Nagasaki. Hirohito finally intervenes, telling the cabinet that Japan "must endure the unendurable" and surrender. Young army officers urge Gen. Anami to join them in a military coup, but the army minister tells them: "The emperor has spoken; we must obey him." On August 15, the emperor\'s surrender message is broadcast to Japan, and Anami commits ritual suicide.'] ['For the sake of love and the situations imposed by the life in his country, Arben emigrates to Germany. An illegal emigration, in search of money, a subtle condition to protect his love; an adventure that unintentionally confronts him with the unmerciful world of crimeGazeta Albania - Filmi "Shqiptari" pushton Festivalin e Gjenevës  | November 9, 2010.'] ['An English bon-vivant osteopath is enchanted with a young exotic dancer and invites her to live with him. He serves as friend and mentor, and through his contacts and parties she and her friend meet and date members of the Conservative Party. Eventually a scandal occurs when her affair with the Minister of War goes public, threatening their lifestyles and their freedom.'] ["Jeanne de Saint-Rémy de Valois, orphaned at an early age, is determined to reclaim her royal title and the home taken from her family when she was a child. Some events were fictionalized in the movie. For example, her father was, in fact, the illegitimate offspring of a previous king and was not wealthy. When she is rebuffed by Marie Antoinette and fails to achieve her goal through legal channels, she joins forces with the arrogant, well-connected gigolo Rétaux de Villette and her own wayward, womanizing husband Nicholas. They concoct a plan to earn her enough money to purchase the property. King Louis XV had commissioned Parisian jewellers Boehmer and Bassenge to create an opulent {{convert}}, 647-diamond necklace to present to his mistress Madame du Barry, but the king died before it was completed. Hoping to recover the high cost of the necklace, its creators try to persuade Marie Antoinette to purchase it. Knowing its history, she declines. Jeanne approaches debauched libertine Cardinal Louis de Rohan and introduces herself as a confidante of the Queen. For years the Cardinal has yearned to regain the Queen's favor and acquire the position of Prime Minister of France, and when he is reassured by occultist Count Cagliostro that Jeanne is legitimate, he allows himself to be seduced by her promise to intervene on his behalf. He begins to correspond with the Queen and is unaware that his letters to her are intercepted and the Queen's responses are forgeries intended to manipulate him. The tone of the letters become very intimate. The cardinal becomes more and more convinced that Marie Antoinette is in love with him, and he becomes ardently enamored of her. Jeanne allegedly arranges a meeting between the two in the garden at the Palace of Versailles. Portraying the Queen is Nicole Leguay d'Oliva, an actress bearing some resemblance to her. Heavily cloaked, with her face in the shadows, she agrees to forget their past disagreements. The Cardinal believes his indiscretions have been forgiven and he once again is in the Queen's good favor. Jeanne advises the Cardinal the Queen has decided to purchase the necklace but, not wanting to offend the populace by openly buying such an expensive item, she wishes him to do so on her behalf, with a promise to reimburse him for the cost by the Feast of the Assumption. The Cardinal gladly agrees and presents the necklace to Rétaux de Villette, believing him to be an emissary from the Queen. Nicholas de Lamotte sells some of the diamonds, and Jeanne uses the profits to buy her family home. The Cardinal begins to panic when Jeanne disappears and his correspondence with the Queen comes to an abrupt end. His concern is put to rest by an invitation to visit the palace on the Feast of the Assumption, at which time he assumes he will be repaid in full and named Prime Minister. Instead, King Louis XVI, who has been made aware of his machinations by Minister Breteuil, has him imprisoned in the Bastille. Soon to follow are everyone else involved in the plot. A trial finds the Cardinal, Count Cagliostro, and Nicole Leguay d'Oliva innocent of all charges. Rétaux de Villette is found guilty and banished from France. Jeanne is found guilty and whipped and branded before being imprisoned; she later escapes to London where she publishes her memoirs and regales the locals with her tales. Eventually Marie Antoinette, assumed to be a key player in the affair by an increasingly angry and restless populace, meets her fate on the guillotine. We learn via an epilogue Jeanne died after falling from her hotel room window and was rumored to have been killed by royalists."] ['A family traveling through New Salem, Illinois in their wagon need groceries from Lincoln\'s store and the only thing of value they have that he\'ll take in exchange is a law book. After thoroughly reading the book, Abe opts for the law after receiving encouragement from his early, ill-fated love, Ann Rutledge . Too poor to own even a horse, he arrives in Springfield on a mule and soon establishes a law practice with friend John Stuart . At a July 4 celebration, a man is murdered in a brawl: the accused are two brothers. Lincoln prevents the lynching of the two accused at the jail, inter alia by telling the angry mob he really needs these clients for his first real case. Admiring his courage, Mary Todd  -- later to be his wife—invites Lincoln to her sister\'s soiree and expresses an intense interest in his future. The key witness to the crime is a friend of the victim who claims to have seen the murder at a distance of about 100 yards under the light of the moon. The family and Lincoln are pressured to save one of the brothers at the expense of the other\'s conviction. But Lincoln persists and is able, through the use of an Almanac, to demonstrate that on the night in question the moon would not have provided the light the supposed eyewitness claimed. He then drives the witness to confess that he had in fact stabbed his friend himself. A scene cut from the film involved Lincoln meeting a very young John Wilkes Booth, his future assassin. The film has as its basis the murder case involving William "Duff" Armstrong, which took place in 1858 at the courthouse in Beardstown, Illinois -- the only courthouse where Lincoln practiced law that is still in use.'] ["In Cleveland, Ohio, a group of black men, some of them ex-co-workers from the steel factory, need to hide their good friend Johnny. Tank, one of Johnny's best friends, has problems with alcoholism, and almost gets Johnny in jail. The revolutionary group formed by the black men is going through a deeper radicalization, and they see Tank's inconsistent behavior as a menace to their revolution. In disillusionment with the group, out of money and unemployed, Tank seeks shelter at Laurie's house. She's seeing the representative of the welfare office. Tank feels bad because he thinks he should be supporting Laurie and her kids, and he gets into a fight with the representative, causing Laurie to lose the few dollars she made every month to feed their kids. She dumps him, and tells him to come back only when he has a job and money to put food on the table. When Tank is leaving Laurie's, a voice calls him from inside of a burnt house: it is Johnny, who had been hiding, and was looking for Tank. He tells Tank that he needs to see his mother before he flees from town. Tank urges him not to do it, but Johnny insists. They leave each other saying they love each other. Tank then meets Daisy, a homosexual who makes good money by informing the police about the activities of the black revolutionaires. Daisy brings Tank to his apartment, and shows him two photographs: one of them shows Tank fighting two police officers during a riot, and the other one is the picture of Johnny on a wanted sign. The police are paying $1,000 for a tip that leads them to Johnny. After an argument with the revolutionaires, who say that Johnny told them to get rid of him, Tank becomes enraged and goes after the police. The cops rush to the residence of Johnny's mother, while Tank goes to a bar and pays everybody lots of drinks. Tank wanders aimlessly around town, visiting the steel factory where he worked for 20 years, and also an amusement park where he shoots a cowboy puppet a few times and argues with some white people in front of some distortion mirrors. The police surrounds Johnny, and he tries to shoot his way out, only to be shot down by the police. Tank goes to his funeral trying not to raise suspicion, but his guilt makes the revolutionaires a bit wary. Tank tells them that Daisy was the one who sold Johnny to the cops, and Tank goes over to his apartment to tell him to flee. Two of the revolutionaires enter the apartment, and Daisy proves them that Tank was guilty. Tank is then submitted by a para-legal trial on an abandoned bowling alley, and sentenced to death by his ex-comrades. He manages to flee, and jumps over a train. Hiding in a small hotel, he calls Laurie, who visits him. He tells her what he did, and asks her to explain to him why he did it. He says nobody can explain to him why he killed his best friend. At the end of the film, Tank is followed to an industrial area where the steel company stores their iron ore. He waves and shouts at the two men who are in pursuit of him. One of them tries to shoot him, but feels bad about it and gives up. The other man takes the gun and fires 3 times. Tanks falls from the platforms where he is standing. His body lies in the iron ore pile. A giant excavator dumps several tons of iron ore over his dead body, the screen is filled with the falling ore until it turns black, and the words THE END fade in."] ["The title character is an innocent housekeeper whose life is ruined by an invasive tabloid reporter and a police investigation when the man with whom she has just fallen in love turns out to be a radical bank robber. The film, unlike the novel, ends with a scene at Tötges' funeral, with his publisher delivering a hypocritical condemnation of the murder as an infringement on the freedom of the press."] ["In the late 1980s a few kids in the small, sleepy Southern town of Little Rock, discovered punk rock and the DIY ethic that drove it. Unlike other towns, Little Rock's punk scene was composed almost entirely of junior high and High School kids. Over the next decade, they would book their own shows, start record labels, open record stores, play with national acts and formulate a collective set of ideals. In 1992, they released Towncraft, a compilation album and zine that documented their scene. Towncraft focuses on the roots of the Little Rock scene, how it changed the lives of those involved, the DIY ethos that has shaped the scene for the past 20 years and how the scene continues to thrive outside of the mainstream."] ['The time is the early-to-mid-1960s, the height of the Cold War between the United States and the Soviet Union. An unknown aircraft approaches North America from Europe. American bombers of the Strategic Air Command  are scrambled to their fail safe points near Russia. The bombers have orders not to proceed past their fail safe points without receiving a special attack code. The original "threat" is proven to be innocuous and recall orders are issued. However, due to a technical failure, the attack code is transmitted to Group Six, which consists of six Vindicator supersonic bombers and four escort fighters. Colonel Grady, the head of the group, tries to contact Omaha to verify the fail-safe order , but due to Soviet radar jamming, Grady cannot hear Omaha. Concluding that the attack order and the radar jamming could only mean nuclear war, Grady commands Group Six towards Moscow, their intended destination. At meetings in Omaha, the Pentagon, and in the fallout shelter of the White House, American politicians and scholars debate the implications of the attack. Professor Groteschele, who is loosely based on John von Neumann and Herman Kahn, suggests the United States follow this accidental attack with a full-scale attack to force the Soviets to surrender. The President orders the Air Force to send the four escort fighters after the bombers to shoot down the Vindicators. The attempt is to show that the Vindicator attack is an accident, not a full-scale nuclear assault. After using their afterburners in an attempt to catch the bombers the fighters run out of fuel and crash, dooming the pilots to die of exposure in the Arctic Sea. The fighters fail to destroy any bombers. The President of the United States contacts the Soviet premier and offers assistance in attacking the group. The Soviets decline at first; then they decide to accept help. Meanwhile, the Soviet PVO Strany air defense corps has managed to shoot down two of the six planes. After accepting American help they shoot down two more planes. Two bombers remain on course to Moscow. One is a decoy and carries no bombs. The other carries two 20 megaton devices. General Bogan tells Marshal Nevsky, the Soviet commander, to ignore the decoy plane because it is harmless. Nevsky, who mistrusts Bogan, instead orders his Soviet aircraft to pursue the decoy aircraft. The Russian fighters are then out of position to intercept the final American bomber. The decoy\'s feint guarantees that the remaining bomber can successfully attack. Following the failure, Nevsky collapses. As the bomber approaches Moscow, Colonel Grady opens up the radio to contact SAC to inform them that they are about to make the strike. As a last-minute measure, the Soviets fire a barrage of nuclear-tipped missiles to form a fireball in an attempt to knock the low-flying Vindicator out of the sky. The bomber shoots up two decoy missiles, which successfully leads the Soviet missiles high in the air and Colonel Grady\'s plane survives. With the radio open, the President attempts to persuade Grady that there is no war. Grady\'s son also attempts to convince him.  Understanding orders that such a late recall attempt must be a Soviet trick, Grady ignores them. Grady tells his crew that "We\'re not just walking wounded, we\'re walking dead men," due to radiation from the Soviet missiles. He intends to fly the aircraft over Moscow and detonate the bombs in the plane. His co-pilot notes, "There\'s nothing to go home to." Meanwhile, the American president has ordered another American bomber to circle over New York City with 40-megaton payload, which should be dropped in case of the bombing of Moscow. The American ambassador in Moscow reports about the final moments of the Russian capital before being evaporated from the blast. The American bomber receives an order to drop its bombs over New York City in order for the destruction of Moscow to be vindicated and a Third World War avoided. It was earlier revealed that the American President\'s wife was in New York while the events of the film transpired, meaning she would be killed in the blast. The pilot of the American bomber, General Black , commits suicide with a lethal injection before hitting the target, knowing that his oblivious wife and little daughter are also down there.'] ['A Mighty Heart is a detailed account of the search for kidnapped Wall Street Journal reporter<ref name http://www.editorandpublisher.com/eandp/news/article_display.jsp?vnu_content_id \'WSJ\' Editors Call \'A Mighty Heart\' Fair and Accurate |author Editor & Publisher |date "It was an accurate portrayal of the Journal and I think the Journal\'s people, like [then-foreign editor] John Bussey, who were deeply involved came off well as they should have," said former managing editor Paul Steiger, who said he saw the movie recently in a private showing for Journal staffers. "I think Angelina Jolie captured Mariane very, very well." Managing Editor Marcus Brauchli, who took over for Steiger and was national editor at the time of Pearl\'s death, also believed the film was fair. "I don\'t feel that the Journal was portrayed badly in the film," he said. "I think we were treated reasonably. Angelina Jolie did a good job of channeling Mariane." }} Daniel Pearl in 2002. Pearl was kidnapped in Karachi by supporters of Omar Sheikh, who claimed responsibility  for kidnapping and beheading Pearl in 2002. The movie also covers efforts by Department of Justice and the U.S. Department of State\'s Diplomatic Security Service  to track the kidnappers and bring them to justice.'] ['The film is seen through the eyes of a ten-year-old boy, Harry , who does not know that Argentina\'s 1976 coup d\'état is impacting his life. After witnessing the "disappearance" of dissident friends, a human rights lawyer  and his research scientist wife  flee the city and hide from the military police in a vacant summer house. With them are their two kids: Harry, who is fascinated with the escape artistry of Harry Houdini, and El Enano, his little brother.  The family adopts new identities and attempts to lead a normal life. Later, they are joined by a student who is using the alias Lucas . Their new life is difficult, but a visit with their estranged grandparents  reveals that they are still a close-knit family. Subtly hinted, however, and used as a metaphor, is the mother\'s constant smoking and El Enano\'s renewed bed-wetting. Both serve to show how stressful and precarious their situation is.'] ['The film is set in the early 20th century Australian outback, where four men are following an Aboriginal man who has been accused of murder. The characters in the film are referred to by their characters rather than by names, they are: * The Tracker , * The Fanatic , * The Follower , * The Veteran  and * The Fugitive .{{Cite news}}.'] ['The film recreates the ambiance of the era and invokes the hopes inspired by Kennedy through the use of actual newsreel footage of the senator intercut with dramatic sequences involving mostly fictional characters. It uses an ensemble plot device similar to that employed in the 1932 film Grand Hotel, and later used by Robert Altman in Nashville. The characters include John Casey , a retired hotel doorman who spends his days playing chess with his friend Nelson  in the lobby; Diane , who is marrying her friend William  with the hope his marital status will have him deployed to a military base in Germany rather than the battlefields of Vietnam when his tour of duty begins; Virginia Fallon , an alcoholic singer whose career is on the downswing, her put-upon husband/manager Tim , and her agent Phil ; Miriam Ebbers , a beautician who works in the hotel salon, and her husband Paul , the hotel manager, who is having an affair with switchboard operator Angela ([[Heather Graham ; food and beverage manager Daryl Timmons , whose racist attitude gets him fired; African American sous chef Edward Robinson  and Mexican American busboys José and Miguel ([[Freddy Rodriguez ; hotel coffee shop waitress Susan ; Jimmy and Cooper , campaign volunteers who are sidetracked by an acid trip they take with the help of drug dealer Fisher ; married socialites and campaign donors Samantha and Jack ; campaign manager Wade and staffer Dwayne , who is in a love interest with Angela\'s colleague, Patricia ; and Czechoslovak reporter Lenka Janáčková , who is determined to get an interview with Kennedy. At the end of the film, Kennedy\'s speech "On the Mindless Menace of Violence," delivered in 1968 to the City Club of Cleveland, Ohio, is played over a montage of the reaction of those present to the assassination. Several of the characters get wounded, such as William, Jimmy & Cooper, Samantha and Daryl. At the end of the film we are told that they all survived.Text of "On the Mindless Menace of Violence"'] ['In 1966, George W. Bush  endures an alcohol-fueled initiation by his fellow Yale University students as a Delta Kappa Epsilon pledge. During the hazing, Bush successfully recalls the names and nicknames of many of the fraternity members, and states that his family\'s political legacy is one in which he has no interest. A little later, after Bush is jailed in New Jersey for rowdiness following a football game, his father, George H. W. Bush , states that he will help Bush, but for the last time. Following his graduation from Yale, Bush takes a job at an oil patch back in his home state of Texas, but he quits after only a few weeks. Shortly after this, "Junior" reveals his real aspirations in a father-son talk: working in professional baseball, in some capacity. Soon afterwards, Bush is accepted into Harvard Business School with the help of his father. Later that night after drinking heavily, Bush crashes his car into his family estate and challenges his father to a fistfight. His brother, Jeb  intervenes and stops the fight. In 1977, Bush announces he will run for Congress in Texas. At a barbecue, Bush meets his future wife, Laura Lane Welch . During his congressional debate, Bush is criticized by his Democratic opponent, Kent Hance , who says that Bush is not a "real Texan" and has spent campaign contributions to throw an alcohol-fueled party for underage Texas Tech University students. Bush does poorly in the debate and loses the election, but with the highest number of votes for a Republican candidate in the state\'s history. Angered by his loss, Bush declares that he will "never be out-Texas\'d or out-Christianed again". In 1986, Bush becomes a born-again Christian, gives up alcohol, and somewhat mends his relationship with his father. The elder Bush invites him to assist with what becomes his successful 1988 presidential campaign, although Bush himself suspects that he only was asked because Jeb was busy. Bush\'s political advisor, Karl Rove , tells him that he has the potential to make a name for himself, but has not yet done anything with his life. Bush becomes a front office executive of the Texas Rangers baseball team, while his father oversees the victory of the Persian Gulf War. Although Allied forces win the war within 100 hours, the elder Bush decides not to invade Iraq to depose Saddam Hussein. After his father loses the 1992 presidential election to Bill Clinton, Bush blames the loss on his decision not to depose Saddam. In 1994, Bush decides to run for Governor of Texas despite his father\'s opposition. In 1999, he makes a successful bid to become President. Following the September 11 attacks in 2001, Bush labels three of America\'s enemies – specifically Iran, Iraq, and North Korea — as the "axis of evil". In 2002, Bush begins searching for evidence that Saddam was creating nuclear weapons, and has the army prepared. All of Bush\'s White House staff supports him except Secretary of State Colin Powell ([[Jeffrey Wright , who states that planning to invade Iraq would destabilize the country. Powell is generally is overruled by Vice President Dick Cheney  and Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld , who insist that the war – deliberately waged without an exit strategy — would secure the United States\' status as sole global superpower while spreading democracy throughout the Middle East. In his State of the Union Address in 2003, Bush states that: "Either you\'re with us, or you\'re with the terrorists." In March of that year, the U.S. invades Iraq and at first, the war appears to be a success, and Bush gives his infamous "Mission Accomplished" speech on an aircraft carrier. When it becomes clear that there are no weapons of mass destruction within Iraq, Bush learns that the responsibility for finding them had been relegated far down the chain of command. Bush also discovers that Saddam gambled his regime and his life on the assumption that Bush was bluffing. Bush is asked in a White House press conference what mistakes he made as President, a question that leaves him flustered and speechless. That night, Bush has a nightmare in which his father accuses him of ruining his family\'s legacy, which the elder Bush claims was intended for Jeb. In the final scene of the film, Bush dreams of playing center field at a baseball game. Bush attempts to catch a pop fly, but it quickly disappears.'] ["Ace Reporter Don Stevens  is an American journalist who goes to Beirut, Lebanon during the civil war. He stays in a hotel with English journalist Mike Jessop. He is promised an interview with a top PLO  leader Palestinian Yassin Abu-Riadd . However, this proves to be a set-up and he is duped into interviewing an imposter who claims the PLO are prepared to negotiate peacefully. Outraged by this deception, Stevens becomes determined to find out the truth. In this quest he is helped by a Scandinavian doctor, Linda, who it emerges is Yassin's estranged girlfriend. Along the way, Stevens is hindered by everyone around him: The PLO threaten him, the Phalangists arrest him and the Israelis ignore him. Tricked and beaten, he gradually uncovers a murder plot, double agents, the bombing of the Phalangists headquarters and, most terrifying of all, a plan to massacre hundreds of civilians. In a story that takes the lid off events in Lebanon, Don Stevens becomes a reluctant hero, and in doing so, gets the scoop of a lifetime!"] ['The film begins with a quick flashback into the life of Bharti Rai , the daughter of Chief Minister Ramnath Rai . Influenced by leftist ideology, she rebels against her father and joins the rival party of leftist leader Bhaskar Sanyal . Bharti develops an illicit relationship with Bhaskar, who, guilt-ridden over taking advantage of the younger woman, leaves for parts unknown, having unwittingly gotten Bharti pregnant. Upon the child\'s birth, he is abandoned in a boat by Brij Gopal , Bharti\'s brother. Bharti later marries Chandra Pratap , the younger brother of Bhanu Pratap . Bhanu leads the Rashtrawadi political party. The story then shifts to present, where, the government in the state collapses and Bhanu suffers a stroke. In the hospital, he hands over power to his brother Chandra. Chandra\'s son, Prithviraj Pratap  tries to take advantage of his father\'s power and starts to impose his own decisions on the party, which results in a clash with Veerendra Pratap . Chandra also starts to take side with his son, sidelining Veerendra. When Prithvi rejects the nomination of a local leader, Sooraj Kumar , who is chosen by the common people, Veerendra gives his support to Sooraj. Unknown to all, Sooraj is Bharti\'s abandoned son, who was found and raised by Pratap family\'s driver. When Chandra and Prithvi try to kick Veerendra out of his own father\'s party, he asks Sooraj for help. Sooraj ends up assassinating Chandra in his car, while he is returning from the airport after seeing off his younger son, Samar Pratap . In an ensuing drama, Prithvi is arrested by police under the influence of Veerendra and put on trial for a true case of raping a woman party worker . Samar comes to the rescue and tricks Veerendra into dropping all charges upon his brother, promising that his brother will resign and that he will move with his family to the U.S.. However, Samar does not keep his promise and he, along with Prithvi, begins rallying public support. After Bhanu officially expels Prithvi, the latter splits from the Rashtrawadi party and contests elections under "Jana Shakti party", a new party with Gopal as his mentor and Samar as the executive. Meanwhile Samar\'s American girlfriend Sarah ([[Sarah Thompson  arrives in India to see the situation. To raise funds for the new party, Samar shrewdly ensures Prithvi\'s marriage to their childhood friend Indu , the daughter of a powerful businessman. Indu had always loved Samar, however, Samar only thought of Indu as a friend and loved Sarah. The film gets murkier with both sides trying every trick to ensure their victory in upcoming elections. Allegations and counter-allegations are made. Subsequently, Samar uncovers that the real murderers of his father are Sooraj and Veerendra, and decides to take revenge. On the other hand, Prithvi executes the former police officer, who had arrested him, and the woman worker at a farmhouse. Veerendra again seeks help from Sooraj and Sooraj makes a plan to assassinate Samar, being aware that Samar was behind all the tricks. Amidst of all the events, Indu realizes her love for Prithvi and Prithvi accepts her love in return. Also, Sarah is revealed to be pregnant with Samar\'s child and Samar promises Sarah that he will go to America with her and leave politics. A car bomb is planted in Samar\'s car. Prithvi goes to save Samar and Sarah, who were to be dropped off at the airport in that car. He manages to save Samar but gets killed while trying to save Sarah in vain. Devastated by the loss of his brother and girlfriend, Samar decides to retaliate. He suggests Indu to take the reins of the party and arranges the election campaign single-handedly. Meanwhile, Sooraj is revealed to be the first child of Bharti, who implores him to join his younger brother Samar. Sooraj refuses to part ways with Veerendra and asks his mother to leave. Exit polls predict a victory for Indu\'s Party and on the counting day, Samar lures Veerendra and Sooraj to an unused factory by spreading a rumor about electronic voting machine being hacked. Veerendra and Sooraj fall in the trap and Veerendra gets shot by Samar and his men. Sooraj requests Samar to leave him and Veerendra till they reach the hospital, but Veerendra dies on the way. Gopal prompts Samar to shoot Sooraj who questions the morality of the act, but Gopal convinces him to take the revenge. Samar shoots Sooraj and takes the revenge for the destruction of his family. Later the election results are declared, and Indu emerges with majority and is made Chief Minister. Samar is seen asking forgiveness and is seen attempting reconciliation with Indu. Explaining his decision to return to America, he reflects that he always wanted to stay away from politics as politics is a game that brings out the "inner devil" . Indu is also revealed to be pregnant with Prithvi\'s child, while Samar leaves India to look after Sarah\'s mother and settle there.'] ["{{Expand section}} Justin Quayle , a shy low-rung British diplomat and horticultural hobbyist posted in Kenya, is one to avoid making a fuss until he learns that his wife Tessa  was found dead on the veldt. Tessa has been murdered at a crossroads along with her Kenyan driver. Her colleague doctor Arnold Bluhm  is initially suspected of her murder but is later found to have been murdered on the same day as Tessa. Various rumours abound that the two were having an affair; however, it is later revealed that Bluhm was in fact gay. In flashbacks, we see how in London Justin met his future wife Tessa, an outspoken humanitarian and Amnesty activist, falls in love with her and how she persuades him to take her back with him to Kenya. As the mystery surrounding his wife's death unfolds, Justin is radicalised in his determination to get to the bottom of her murder. He soon runs up against a drug corporation that is using Kenya's population for fraudulent testing of a tuberculosis drug  with known harmful side effects and disregards the well-being of its poor African test subjects. Danny Huston plays Sandy Woodrow, the British High Commissioner on the scene. Bill Nighy is Sir Bernard Pellegrin, head of the Africa Desk at the Foreign Office and thus Justin and Sandy's boss. After finding out the truth about what happened to Tessa, Justin is killed at the place where she died. Justin's gentle but diligent attention to his plants is a recurring background theme, from which image the film's title is derived."] ['In present-day London, Michael Walton  visits his cousins, Walter and Oliver Page . Michael, interested in family history, asks them about his great aunt, Anne Keyes , the sister of his grandmother, Celia . Anne, an actress, was the eldest of the three Keyes children; desperate for children, her father, Member of the House of Commons, Alexander  and mother, Maud  had adopted her, however, Maud then gave birth to Ralph  and Celia. Michael is curious to learn what happened to Anne, which leads Walter to reminisce of the summer of 1939, at the Keyes estate in Norfolk. On the day of Alexander\'s birthday, Anne has prepared a table in the garden to celebrate. Anne\'s friend, the outspoken MP Hector  and lover, the reserved Lawrence  are present for the festivities. When Alexander arrives that night, he also brings a guest, the quiet government employee, Joseph Balcombe, . During dinner, Hector rants about Britain\'s lack of action against Nazi Germany, noting that while his view is unpopular, he feels that it needs to be said. It is later revealed that he has been one of those calling out for a new prime minister. The next day, while looking for a missing cat, Anne finds her in one of the property\'s sheds, which had been off-limits due to them containing Alexander\'s manuscript papers. She finds gramophone records labelled "Foxtrot," which upon listening, actually contain recorded meetings and telephone conversations. Alexander reveals that he has allowed Balcombe to store government documents in the shed. Two weeks later, Anne is notified that Hector has been found dead, of an apparent suicide. Anne wonders if Balcombe had anything to do with Hector\'s death. Alexander brushes off the idea, but does offer to ask Balcombe to remove the records from the shed, something he promises to do the next day during a picnic. While there, the picnic-goers take off for a walk, including Aunt Elizabeth , leaving Anne to watch over baby Oliver. Anne awakens to find Oliver and his pushchair missing. She follows his cries to no avail, and when the family returns, they search, too, until they find him in his pushchair on a lane. Anne vehemently denies moving the baby, but the incident plants roots of doubt about Anne\'s word. Balcombe removes the records that night, but Anne has secretly kept two of them. The family then returns to London because Parliament has been recalled. While there, Anne listens to the records. One contains a recording of a distressed Hector pleading with Balcombe to cease calling him and also his parents. However, the maid bursts into the room, which causes the gramophone to fall, and the record to break into pieces. On September 1, Anne gives a second record to her fellow actor and friend, Gilbert , who is subsequently found dead from an apparent suicide. Anne travels back to Norfolk to keep Aunt Elizabeth company, where she listens to the second recording. On it, she recognizes Balcombe\'s voice, along with another, her brother, Ralph. Ralph is heard suggesting the name "thin man dancing" for a covert operation. The name he suggested is a reference to a childhood toy with which the siblings played. This confirmed to Anne that Ralph is not to be trusted. At a party in London, Anne attempts to tell Lawrence of Ralph\'s involvement, but he already knows. Lawrence convinces Anne to bring him the recording at a rendezvous at a suburban veterinary surgery. After Anne finds Lawrence\'s body in a shed filled with euthanised pets, she is drugged by her father and taken prisoner in Aunt Elizabeth\'s house which is close to St Paul\'s Cathedral. Balcombe pays her a visit, and brings with him the second recording, which was intercepted by him. He informs her that the recording had been made for her father, and that was why they were stored at the house in Norfolk. He also informs her that their house in London is being used for series of pro-appeasement meetings which her father is chairing. Alexander later admits to her that he believes that Britain will be completely destroyed unless it secures a peace treaty with Germany, and that nothing should disturb that. Alexander tells her that she is the only member of the family that does not share his beliefs, which is why they are keeping her locked away and sedated. After some time, Maud unlocks the door to release her while the rest of the family is at the park. She goes past them, and when they act as though nothing wrong had happened, Anne runs away. Back in the present, Walter tells Michael that Anne died in Canada 20 years ago, and that he was just doing what his family and Balcombe had wanted. It is then revealed that Balcombe convinced Walter to move Oliver\'s pushchair into the lane. Michael asks Oliver and Walter to accompany him to meet his mother. They travel to the same park where Anne had last seen her family. A woman, Michael\'s mother, wheels an elderly woman towards them. That elderly woman is revealed to be Anne, and Michael tells them that that he knew the truth all along but wanted to hear it from them.'] ['Lieutenant Colonel Nathaniel Serling  was involved in a friendly fire incident in Al Bathra during the Gulf War. He was an M1 Abrams tank battalion commander who, during the nighttime confusion of Iraqi tanks infiltrating his unit\'s lines, gave the order to fire, destroying one of his own tanks and killing his friend Captain Boylar. The details were covered up , and Serling was shuffled off to a desk job. Later, he is assigned to determine if Army Captain Karen Emma Walden  should be the first woman to receive  the Medal of Honor for valor in combat. A Medevac Huey commander, she was sent to rescue the crew of a Black Hawk that had been shot down. Finding them under heavy fire from an Iraqi tank and infantry, her men dropped an auxiliary fuel bladder on the tank and ignited it with a flare gun. Shortly after, her helicopter was also hit and downed. The two crews were unable to join forces. The survivors were rescued the next day, but Walden had been killed. At first, everything seems to be straightforward, but Serling begins to notice inconsistencies between the testimonies of the witnesses. Walden\'s co-pilot, Warrant Officer One A. Rady , praises Walden\'s character and performance, but was hit and rendered unconscious early on. Serling then sees Walden\'s medic, Specialist Ilario , who also praises Walden; by his account, Walden was the one who came up with the idea of the improvised incendiary. Staff Sergeant Monfriez , however, tells Serling that Walden was a coward and that he was responsible for destroying the tank. The members of the other downed crew mention that they heard the distinctive sound of an M16 being used in the firefight during the rescue around the other helicopter, but Walden\'s crew denies firing one during the rescue, as theirs was out of ammunition. When Serling visits Walden\'s crew chief, Sergeant Altameyer , who is dying of cancer in a hospital, Altameyer manages to get some words out, further confusing Serling, before self-medicating himself into unconsciousness. Under pressure from the White House and his commander, Brigadier General Hershberg , to wrap things up quickly, Serling leaks the story to newspaper reporter Tony Gartner  to prevent another cover up. When Serling puts pressure on Monfriez during a car ride, Monfriez forces him to get out of the vehicle at gunpoint, then commits suicide by driving into an oncoming train. After finding an AWOL Ilario, Serling discovers that Monfriez wanted to escape under cover of darkness, which would have meant leaving Rady behind. Altameyer was ready to follow his lead and Ilario was wavering, but Walden refused to go along, resulting in an armed standoff with Monfriez. When an Iraqi infantryman appeared suddenly behind Monfriez, Walden fired at him. Mistakenly believing he was the target, Monfriez shot back and seriously wounded her. Walden, however, regained control of her men. The next morning, Walden stayed behind to cover their evacuation, firing the M16. Monfriez deliberately lied to the rescuers, telling them that she was dead so she would be left behind. Altameyer, injured and unable to say anything but "no!", was ignored. Ilario remains silent, as A-10s napalm the wreckage. Serling presents his final report to Hershberg. Walden\'s young daughter receives the Medal of Honor in a White House ceremony. Later, Serling tearfully tells the Boylars the truth about the manner of their son\'s death and they forgive him for his role in it. In the last moments of the film, it is shown that Walden had transported Boylar\'s body away from the battlefield.'] ['On the eve of the French Revolution, Lucie Manette  is informed that her father  is not dead, but has been a prisoner in the Bastille for many long years before finally being released. She travels to Paris to take her father to her home in England. Dr. Manette has been taken care of by a friend, Ernest Defarge , and his wife . The old man\'s mind has given way during his long ordeal, but Lucie\'s tender care begins to restore his sanity. On the trip across the English Channel, Lucie meets Charles Darnay ([[Donald Woods , a French aristocrat who, unlike his unfeeling uncle, the Marquis de St. Evremonde , is sympathetic to the plight of the downtrodden French masses. Darnay is framed for treason, but is saved by the cleverness of the dissolute Sydney Carton . Carton goes drinking with Barsad , the main prosecution witness, and tricks him into admitting that he lied. When Barsad is called to testify, he is horrified to discover that Carton is one of the defense attorneys and grudgingly allows that he might have been mistaken. Darnay is released. Carton is thanked by Lucie, who has attended the trial of her new friend. He quickly falls in love with her, but realizes it is hopeless. Lucie eventually marries Darnay, and they have a daughter. By this time, the Reign of Terror has engulfed France. The long-suffering commoners vent their fury on the aristocrats, condemning scores daily to Madame Guillotine. Darnay is tricked into returning to Paris and arrested. Dr. Manette pleads for mercy for his son-in-law, but Madame Defarge, seeking revenge against all the Evremondes, regardless of guilt or innocence, convinces the tribunal to sentence him to death. Carton comes up with a desperate rescue plan. He first persuades Lucie and her friends to leave Paris by promising to save Darnay. Then he blackmails an old acquaintance, Barsad, now an influential man in the French government, to enable Carton to visit Darnay in jail. There, Carton drugs the prisoner unconscious, switches places with him, and has Darnay carried out to be reunited with his family. Madame Defarge, her thirst for vengeance still unsatisfied, goes to have Lucie and her daughter arrested, only to find that they have fled with Dr. Manette. As she goes to raise the alarm, she is confronted by Miss Pross , Lucie\'s devoted servant. In the ensuing struggle, Madame Defarge is killed. Meanwhile, only a condemned seamstress  notices Carton\'s substitution, but keeps quiet. She draws comfort in his heroism as they ride in the same cart to the execution place. As the camera rises just before the blade falls, Carton\'s voice is heard, saying, "It\'s a far, far better thing I do than I have ever done. It\'s a far, far greater rest I go to than I have ever known."'] ['Republican newspaper magnate Kay Thorndyke  intends to make her lover, aircraft tycoon Grant Matthews , President of the United States with her as the power behind the throne. Thorndyke plans to use her newspaper chain\'s influence to deadlock the 1948 Republican National Convention, so it will choose Matthews as a compromise dark horse candidate instead of Dewey, Taft, or another. Matthews is skeptical of the idea of running for president, but Thorndyke, Republican strategist Jim Conover , and campaign manager Spike McManus  persuade him to run. Matthews reunites with estranged wife Mary  for the campaign. Despite knowing about Thorndyke and her husband\'s affair, Mary agrees to support him in public because of his idealism and honesty and she does not know about Thorndyke\'s role in the campaign. The politically naïve Matthews makes a controversial speech in Wichita denouncing big labor. Before he makes another controversial speech in Detroit denouncing big business, Thorndyke secretly persuades him to moderate his tone to help his chances for the nomination. With her and Conover\'s help, Matthews makes deals with various special interests for their support. Before a nationwide fireside chat from the Matthews\' home, Mary learns of Thorndyke\'s continuing relationship with her husband and sees the deals that he has made. Matthews realizes that he has betrayed his and Mary\'s ideals. On live radio, he denounces both his backers and himself as frauds, withdraws as a candidate while promising to seek bipartisan reform, and asks for his wife\'s forgiveness. When his backers attempt to turn off the speech, he angrily calls out, "Don\'t cut me off, I paid for this broadcast!". That line was used similarly by Ronald Reagan at a 1980 New Hampshire debate.'] ["On his last assignment prior to resigning, burned out human rights activist James Rhodes  arrives in Tijuana to help oversee local union elections. While there, he becomes embroiled in the investigation of a mass murder in what appears to be a drug runners' tunnel on the Tijuana/San Diego border. He teams up with a local street cop  and a US official  all under the watchful eye of State Department attache Spader, eager to pin the killings on a drug cartel. But when Rhodes  links the human rights atrocity to the murder of two American teenage dirt bikers, he uncovers a web of corruption between a US corporation and the local police, only to realize that he himself has become a dangerous liability to those who pull the puppet strings on one of the world's most dangerous borders."] ['At the beginning of the film, the main character Yong-ho wanders to a reunion of his old student group. After causing some general mayhem with his deranged antics, he leaves and climbs atop a nearby train track. Facing an oncoming train, he exclaims "I want to go back again!". What follows is a series of prior events in the main character\'s life that show how he became the suicidal man portrayed in this scene. The first flashback takes place only a few days before Yong-ho\'s death. At this point he is already clearly suicidal, confronting his former business partner and ex-wife Hong-ja before the husband of his teenage crush Sun-im pays him a surprise visit. Yong-ho is taken to visit a comatose Sun-im in a hospital. The next flashback shows Yong-ho\'s life five years earlier. At first glance, he seems to be a rather successful businessman, but the problems in his life become clear when he confronts his wife, who is having an affair with her driving instructor. Yong-ho is unable to claim moral high ground, since he is also shown having an affair, with an assistant from his workplace. Finally, Yong-ho is shown along with his wife at their new house, having dinner with his colleagues, where it becomes apparent that the marriage isn\'t working. On the third flashback, Yong-ho is shown as a police officer in the year 1987. At the beginning, he is shown along with his pregnant wife at a mundane scene. After this, he is shown apprehending a witness and brutally torturing him for information about another man\'s whereabouts. This leads Yong-ho to Kunsan where he along with his fellow police officers capture the wanted man. While in Kunsan, Yong-ho is distracted from his work by fruitlessly trying to search for Sun-im and instead ends up on a one night stand with another woman. The following flashback shows Yong-ho when he is just starting his career as a policeman and is pressured by his peers to torture a crime suspect, presumably a student demonstrator. Shortly afterward, he is visited by Sun-im. Yong-ho coldly and cruelly dismisses her by feigning interest in another woman, his future wife Hong-ja. At the final scene of this sequence, Yong-ho is shown sleeping with Hong-ja, whom it is shown he never truly cared about. During the next flashback, it\'s May 1980 and Yong-ho is performing his mandatory military service. While Sun-im is trying to visit him, his company is taken to quell the Gwangju Democratization Movement. Yong-ho gets shot in the leg and is told to stay behind. This leads to a scene where he confronts a harmless and presumably innocent student, whom he accidentally shoots and kills. The last flashback shows Yong-ho as a part of the student group that reunited at the beginning of the movie. This is also where he meets Sun-im for the first time. The scene poignantly shows the innocence that Yong-ho had, before his country molded him into the violent and jaded man he is at the start of the film by pitting him against his friends.'] [' A glamorously made-up Patrick "Kitten" Braden, pushing a baby in a pram and flirting insouciantly with construction workers, introduces her life story. Intricately plotted, the film is divided over more than 30 brief chapters. In the fictional Irish town of Tyrellin, near the border of Northern Ireland in the late 1940s, cartoon robins narrate as baby Patrick\'s mother abandons him on the doorstep of the local parochial house where his father, Father Liam, lives. He is then placed with an unloving foster mother. A young Patrick is later shown donning a dress and lipstick, which angers his foster family. However, Patrick is accepted by his close friends Charlie, Irwin, and Lawrence, as well as by Lawrence\'s father, who tells Patrick that his biological mother looked like blonde American movie star Mitzi Gaynor. The story is quickly moved ahead to Patrick\'s late teen years in the early \'70s. Patrick gets into trouble in school by writing explicit fiction imagining how he was conceived by Father Liam and Liam\'s young housekeeper Eily Bergin and by inquiring about where to get a sex change. Patrick renames himself/herself as "Kitten," also using the name Patricia. She approaches her father in confession, asking about her mother, but is rebuffed. Kitten soon runs away from home, catching a ride with a glam rock band, Billy Hatchet and the Mohawks, and striking up a flirtation with leader Billy. Billy installs the lovestruck, homeless Kitten in a trailer home where she discovers he\'s hiding guns smuggled for the Irish Republican Army. Meanwhile, Irwin has begun to work with the IRA, much to the dismay of his now-girlfriend Charlie. Kitten dismisses Irwin\'s politics as "serious, serious, serious," but after Lawrence is killed by police detonating a suspected IRA car bomb, she tosses the IRA gun cache into a lake. Billy abandons Kitten to flee the IRA, while Kitten plays crazy, so that she won\'t be shot. Kitten next journeys to London to search for her mother, but initial inquiries prove fruitless. Penniless, she finds shelter in a tiny cottage in a park, only to find that it\'s a children\'s entertainment park for The Wombles. She gets a job as a singing, dancing Womble, but immediately loses it when her sponsor and co-worker punches their boss. Forced into prostitution, she is violently attacked by her first client, saving herself from strangulation by spraying him in the eyes with Chanel No. 5 perfume. At a diner, magician Bertie Vaughan asks her what she is writing in her notebook. She explains that it\'s the story of "The Phantom Lady" who was "swallowed up" by the big city, then reveals that it\'s about the mother she is seeking. Bertie hires her to be his magician\'s assistant, exploiting her life story in a hypnosis act. The two take a romantic day trip, but Kitten explains that she\'s not really a girl when Bertie tries to kiss her. Bertie says that he already knew this. Soon, Charlie finds Bertie\'s show and takes Kitten away.  Next, Kitten goes to a club frequented by British soldiers and dances with a soldier, only to be injured when the club is bombed by the IRA. When police discover that Kitten is biologically male and Irish, she is arrested as a suspected terrorist. Beaten and prevented from sleeping, she writes a hyperbolic statement, shown in a fantasy spy film spoof sequence. The cops soften, realising that she is innocent, and release her. With no place to go, Kitten begs to stay in the police station, but is tossed to the street. Kitten is again forced to turn tricks, but is saved by one of the cops who interrogated her. He brings her to a peep show where she transforms herself into a high femme blonde. Her repentant father finds her and in a scene that mirrors their confessional scene, professes his love and tells Kitten where to find her mother. She goes to her mother\'s house posing as a telephone company market researcher and discovers a younger half-brother whose name is also Patrick. She faints upon meeting her mother, but after reviving does not reveal her true self. When Irwin is killed by the IRA, Kitten goes home to tend to a pregnant Charlie. However, the town reacts against the unwed mother and her transgender friend by firebombing the parish house. Kitten and Charlie flee to London. In the final scene, they run into Kitten\'s pregnant mother Eily and little Patrick at the doctor\'s office, where Charlie is getting post-partum care. Kitten is friendly, but still doesn\'t reveal her true identity.'] ['The French Democracy begins with a re-enactment of the real-life 27 October 2005 event that triggered riots in France: the electrocution of two teenagers, Zyed Benna and Bouna Traoré.{{harvnb}} In a televised speech, the Minister of the Interior vows to increase efforts to fight crime. Three fictional Moroccan Angered, the three riot using Molotov cocktails. and the film ends with a dedication to Benna and Traoré, lamenting the loss of the French ideals of freedom, equality, and fraternity.<ref name75}}'] ['Jamal and Enayatullah are Afghan refugees in a camp in Peshawar, Pakistan. They travel to Quetta, and thence to Taftan on the Iranian border. They pay people smugglers to assist them over the border; on their first attempt they are stopped by Iranian police and returned to Pakistan, but their second attempt is successful. They travel to Tehran and then to Maku, in the Kurdish part of Iran, from where they cross a mountain range on foot to Turkey. In Istanbul they meet a group of other migrants, and they are taken to Italy inside a shipping container. The container is not ventilated, and most of the refugees, including Enayatullah, are suffocated to death. Jamal survives and lives in Italy for a time. He then steals a woman\'s purse and buys a rail ticket to Paris. From there, he goes to the Sangatte asylum seekers camp and with a new friend, Yusef, he crosses the channel by stowing away on a lorry. Finally, he arrives in London, where he calls his uncle to say he has arrived but that Enyatullah is "not in this world". The film ends with images of the Peshawar refugees.'] ['President Fenton and the Speaker of the United States House of Representatives are killed while at a summit in Frankfurt, West Germany when the palace hosting the legation suffers a collapse. Vice President Noah Calvin, elderly and in very ill health, refuses to assume the office, pointing out that they\'ll need another replacement almost immediately. Arthur Eaton, the Secretary of State, is urged to take the office, but he points out that according to the law, the line of succession places the job next with the President pro tempore of the Senate, who is Douglass Dilman. A stunned Dilman is sworn in and arrives at the White House to assume office. Eaton\'s outspoken wife Kay berates her husband for not pushing to become president, even though it would be contrary to the succession order. Eaton assures her that he will become president once Dilman proves unable to handle the job. In the morning, as Eaton and his advisers come to the Oval Office, it becomes evident that Eaton is setting himself up as the "power behind the throne." Dilman meets with Eaton, who gives him a binder of briefing notes. Included are statements the President can give in response to questions asked by the press, statements that generally conform to positions on issues by the administration of the deceased Fenton. Dilman meets the press for the first time as president. At the outset, he goes along with the information provided. An aggressive reporter observes the "puppet strings" as Dilman stops to consult notes after each question, and he questions Dilman\'s independence. Eaton scribbles a note and has it taken forward to the president. Dilman, having realized that he\'s being manipulated, crumples Eaton\'s note, shoves the briefing binder aside and proceeds under his own initiative, deciding that if God or fate has made him president, he will have to make his own decisions. Dilman, a moderate, is confronted with activists and extremists over his skin color. Robert Wheeler, a young black man, meanwhile, is sought for extradition by apartheid South Africa for a deadly act in that country; Dilman offers his help as the young man claims he was in Burundi at the time. Senator Watson introduces a bill that would require approval of Congress in any attempt by the President to dismiss a member of the cabinet. Eaton doesn\'t tell Dilman about it, but a few black congressmen have a meeting with Dilman to discuss their concerns. Dilman believes they are referring to a minority rights bill and pledges his support, until one of the congressmen tells the President it isn\'t about the rights bill but the Watson bill. Dilman subsequently chews out a group of senior leaders whom Eaton is meeting with, questioning his relevance if such an important bill is not even being brought to his attention. Senator Watson visits the South African embassy, where the ambassador comments that his own country would never have a black man as president. He shows a news film to Senator Watson that proves Wheeler was indeed in South Africa, and it breaks as a scandal threatening Dilman\'s young presidency. Dilman\'s activist daughter Wanda clashes with Kay Eaton at a dinner in the White House. The President watches the verbal exchange with pride and bemusement. But when he obtains the young black man\'s confession, handing him over for extradition, the President alienates Wanda, who doesn\'t agree with handing over an activist against white minority rule in South Africa. During this scene there is a very telling moment with Wheeler  calls the President a "House Nigger" and the President responds that "Black men don\'t burn churches and kill 4 children, they don\'t hunt down a Martin Luther King with a telescopic sight. Passion may drive you to the streets to throw a brick but to buy a gun plant a alibi and travel 5000 miles and kill a human being is bloodless, worthy of the selective morality of Adolf Eichman." The President addresses reporters, explaining that while some people think violence is the only answer, he will rely on diplomacy and peaceful means. He washes his hands of the Wheeler issue. A reporter asks if he\'s going to pass up a run for the presidential nomination in the next election. Dilman replies that he is going to "fight like heck" to win the nomination. To the tune of "Hail to the Chief," he is introduced to the party\'s national convention.'] ['The story is based on real events and real people and is set in the mid-1950s freehold township of Sophiatown, Johannesburg&mdash; one of the few areas in South Africa where blacks could own property and drink alcoholic beverages. Drum begins with the central character, sportswriter Henry Nxumalo, reporting on a boxing match with Nelson Mandela. Nxumalo leaves his wife Florence at home while going out into his community\'s night life and has an affair with a female singer. He works for Drum magazine, which was "the first black lifestyle magazine in Africa."<ref namehttp://www.hollywoodreporter.com/hr/search/article_display.jsp?vnu_content_id-1702984527332281337&srcDrum Review|lastSura|dateThe Hollywood Reporter|publisher2009-01-12}} {{Dead link}} The magazine was financed by whites and had a multiracial staff; it was popular among the black community. Drums British editor, Jim Bailey , asks Nxumalo to write on the township crime scene, and Nxumalo, while at first unwilling, finally agrees. While on the job, he encounters Slim , a gang leader, that he had previously met in illegal township drinking places, and witnesses him kill a man in Sophiatown. Initially Nxumalo stays away from political articles, but eventually writes about more than entertainment after his wife and Mandela encourage him. When a young man goes missing at a Boer farm and is feared enslaved, Nxumalo decides to investigate undercover. He gets employment as a labourer at the farm, where he is treated like a slave and nearly killed. He becomes a celebrity when his story is published, further reinforced by getting himself in prison and reporting about its conditions. Nxumalo decides that his destiny is to be a muckracker and, with the help of the German photographer Jurgen Schadeberg , ventures on more risky investigations. Nxumalo frequently fights the racism and apartheid that is beginning to creep into his hometown. He tries to tackle stories important to his society\'s well-being. However, he is no match to the plan to evict residents and ultimately destroy Sophiatown. Constantly harassed by the government, at the end of the film he is stabbed to death. The attacker has never been identified.'] ['The film opens with prison officer Raymond Lohan  preparing to leave for work; checking under his car for bombs, putting on his uniform in the locker room and ignoring the camaraderie of his colleagues. There are short clips of Lohan at various points throughout the day and it is shown that his knuckles are bloodied and cut. Davey Gillen, a new IRA prisoner arrives and is shown being categorised as a "non-conforming prisoner" for his refusal to wear the prison uniform. He is sent to the cell naked with only a blanket. He arrives at his cell where his cellmate, Gerry , has smeared the walls with feces from floor to ceiling. The two men get to know each other and we see them living within the cell, and a visit by family members where we see Sands speak with his parents and the other inmates and their visitors passing messages across tables and through mouths. Gerry\'s girlfriend sneaks a radio in by wrapping it and keeping it in her vagina. The prison regime is depicted with the prison officers forcibly and violently removing the prisoners from their cells and beating them before pinning them down and using scissors to brutally cut their long hair and beards, grown as part of their no wash protest. The prisoners resist, Sands spitting into Lohan\'s face, who responds by punching him in the face and then swings again, only to miss and punch the wall, causing his knuckles to bleed. He cuts Sands\' hair and beard, the men throw him in the bath tub and scrub him clean before hauling him away again. Lohan is then seen smoking a cigarette, as in the opening scenes, his hand bloodied. Later, the prisoners are taken out of their cells and given second hand civilian clothing. The guards are seen snickering as they are handed to the prisoners who respond, after Sands\' initial action, by tearing up the clothes and wrecking their cells. For the next interaction with the prisoners a large number of riot officers are seen coming into the prison on a truck. They line up and beat their batons against their shields and scream to scare the prisoners, who are hauled from their cells, then thrown in between the lines of riot police where they are beaten with the batons by at least 10 men at one time. Lohan and several of his colleagues then probe first their anuses and then their mouths, using the same pair of latex gloves for each man. One prisoner head-butts a guard and is beaten brutally by a riot officer. One of the riot officers is seen crying while his colleagues, on the other side of the wall, brutally beat the prisoners with their batons. Lohan visits his catatonic mother in the retirement home sitting and talking to her. He is shot in the back of the head by an IRA assassin and dies slumped onto his mother\'s lap. Sands is then shown meeting his priest Father Dom ([[Liam Cunningham  and discussing the morality of a hunger strike. This meeting is lengthy and addresses why Sands chose to do what he did and how strongly he believed in his cause. At the end Sands tells the priest about a trip to Donegal where he and his friends find a foal by a stream who has cut itself on the rocks and broken its back legs, it is on the brink of death and none of the other boys will act. Sands then tells Father Dom that he drowned the foal and, although he got into trouble, he knew he had done the right thing by putting it out of its misery. He then says he know what he is doing and what it will do to him, but he says he will not stand by and do nothing. The rest of the film shows Sands well into his hunger strike, with bleeding sores all over his body, kidney failure, low blood pressure, stomach ulcers, and the inability to stand on his own by the end. The film spares no detail in Sands\' condition and suffering. In the last days, while Sands lies in a bath, a larger orderly comes in to give his usual orderly a break. The larger orderly sits next to the tub and shows Sands his knuckles, which are tattooed with the letters "UDA", Sands tries to stand on his own and eventually does so with all his strength, staring defiantly at the UDA orderly who refused to help him up, but then he crumbles in a heap on the floor with no strength left to stand. The orderly carries him to his room. Sands\' parents stay for the final days, his mother being at his side when Sands dies. The film explains that Sands had been elected to the United Kingdom Parliament as MP for Fermanagh and South Tyrone while he was on strike. Nine other men died with him during the seven-month strike before it was called off. Shortly afterwards, the British government concede in one form or another virtually all of the prisoners\' demands despite never officially granting political status.'] ["The comic novel by V. S. Naipaul moves between farce and acerbic social commentary on Trinidad, the country of his birth. The characters are mainly members of Trinidad's South Asian community. The protagonist is a frustrated writer of Indian descent  who rises from poverty on the back of his dubious talent as a 'mystic' masseur - a masseur  who can cure illnesses. In the end he become a successful colonial politician ."] ['In post-war East Germany, Peter Gottfried is the son of minister Friedrich Gottfried. The Communist regime has decreed that all children of "dissidents" will be denied entry to a prestigious music conservatory. Peter is anxious to be accepted, and in order to get in he prepares to answer the seven questions required by the conservatory, the seventh of which will require him to deny his religious convictions. Before this can happen, he is invited by the Communist Party to perform at the Berlin Youth Festival. Friedrich protests, knowing that the Communists intend to use his son as a political pawn, to "prove" to the world that East Germany affords equal rights to clergymen. In the end, it is Peter himself who decides to quit the Festival and defect to the West.'] ['A joint military operation between Russian and U.S. special operations forces ends with the capture of General Ivan Radek , the dictator of a rogue terrorist regime in Kazakhstan that had taken possession of an arsenal of former Soviet nuclear weapons. A diplomatic dinner is held in Moscow to celebrate the operation, at which President of the United States James Marshall  expresses his remorse that action had not been taken sooner to prevent the suffering that Radek caused and vows that the his administration will take a firmer stance against despotism and refuse to negotiate with terrorists. President Marshall, along with his wife Grace , his daughter Alice , and several of his Cabinet and advisers board Air Force One to return to the United States. A contingent of news reporters are also aboard. U.S. Secret Service agent Gibbs , acting as a mole for a group of six Soviet ultranationalist terrorists led by Ivan Korshunov , sneaks them onto the plane disguised as a Russian news crew. Once in flight, Gibbs kills several secret service agents guarding the plane\'s armory, allowing Korshunov and his men to take the armory\'s weapons and equipment and seize control of the plane. The pilots attempt to land the plane at Ramstein Air Base in Germany, but are killed and the terrorists\' pilot takes control, diverting the plane towards Kazakhstan. U.S. Secret Service agents take Marshall to an escape pod in the cargo hold, while the rest of the passengers are taken hostage. Believing the President has escaped, the hijackers separate his wife and daughter from the rest of their hostages, planning to use them as leverage. At the White House Situation Room, Korshunov contacts Vice President of the United States Kathryn Bennett  threatening to kill a hostage every half hour until Radek is released. Meanwhile, the U.S. military locates the escape pod but finds it empty. Unbeknownst to the hijackers, President Marshall, a retired military aviator, veteran of the Vietnam War, and Medal of Honor recipient, stayed aboard the plane. He contacts the White House via satellite phone, and reminds Bennett not to negotiate with the terrorists. Marshall manages to overwhelm the men guarding the hostages and develops a plan to drain the fuel from the plane, forcing the hijackers to request mid-air refueling, which would drop the plane to a low enough altitude to allow the hostages to parachute out. Though his advisers insist Marshall leave, he refuses to go without his family. When Korshunov discovers the deception, he forces the plane away, causing the fuel to ignite and destroy the fueling plane, he then captures Marshall and a few of his advisors before they can escape. With Marshall and his family held hostage, Bennett is forced to contact Russian President Petrov to issue Radek\'s release. Korshunov and his men celebrate as the event is broadcast over the plane\'s speakers, but Marshall uses the distraction to free himself. While Marshall\'s advisers deal with the remaining terrorists, Korshunov grabs Grace and disappears to the plane\'s parachute ramp, followed by Marshall. Grace manages to get away, and Marshall wrestles with Korshunov, eventually forcing his chute, wrapped around Korshunov\'s neck, to open, pulling him out of the plane and killing him. Marshall races back to the communication room to announce his freedom just as Radek is about to board a waiting helicopter. When the prison guards attempt to recapture him, Radek tries to flee but is shot and killed. Marshall directs Air Force One back towards friendly airspace, but they are soon followed by Kazakh MiG-29s piloted by Radek loyalists. Escorting U.S. F-15s fend off the attack, including one pilot that sacrifices himself to intercept a missile, but the shrapnel from the explosion destroys Air Force One\'s tail controls, sending the plane towards the Caspian Sea. A nearby patrolling U.S. Air Force Special Operations Command MC-130E Combat Talon is called in to rescue Marshall and the others via zip-line; Marshall insists his family and advisers are rescued first. Gibbs, who had remained on the plane, reveals his betrayal and kills Major Caldwell, and attempts to save himself on the last zip-line crossing before Air Force One strikes the water. Marshall overpowers him, and grabs and detaches the zip line moments before the plane explosively disintegrates on hitting the water. The MC-130E crew reel in the President, and change their call sign to "Air Force One" as they head back towards friendly airspace, while Marshall is reunited with his family.'] ['Amigo centers on Rafael Dacanay, kapitan of the barrio of San Isidro in a rice-growing area of Luzon. His brother Simón, head of the local guerrilla band, has forced the surrender of the Spanish guardia civil outpost and charged Rafael with the task of imprisoning the guardia Captain and the barrio’s Spanish friar, Padre Hidalgo, in the name of the revolutionary government. But when the American troops chasing General Emilio Aguinaldo arrive, the Spanish officer and Padre Hidalgo are freed, and a garrison under the command of Lieutenant Ike Compton is left to ‘protect’ the barrio. The American occupation policy now changes from ‘hearts and minds’ to ‘concentration’  and Rafael has to answer to both the Americans and the Filipino patriots, with deadly consequences.'] ["The film is set in the mid 1970s and ends at the time of the 1982 Falklands War  between Great Britain and Argentina. Verónico Cruz ([[Gonzalo Morales  is a poor indigenous Argentine shepherd boy who lives in the desolate and harsh Andean highlands. He lives in Chorcán, a small hamlet in the Jujuy Province. One day Mr. Lehrer  arrives in Chorcán to take the job as the new school teacher. Verónico comes to idolize his new teacher, who is also known as el maestro as a sign of respect and affection. At one point in the film el maestro takes Verónico on his first road trip to San Salvador de Jujuy, the capital of the Jujuy Province, to look for Verónico's father, who the boy has never met. While there Lehrer is interrogated harshly by government authorities and discovers Castulo Cruz is considered a subversive by the military and that he probably has become a desaparecido. As Verónico Cruz learns about the outside world from his teacher, so too does Lehrer come to understand and appreciate the indigenous people who live in northwest rural Argentina and their history. Lehrer, near the end of the film, is given a promotion and leaves Verónico's small village to teach at a larger school far away. However, the warm relationship between el maestro and Verónico is tragically cut short after Verónico joins the navy and Argentine troops invade the Falkland Islands."] ['The movie tells the highly-fictionalized story of the latter years of Earl Long, a flamboyant Governor of Louisiana, brother of assassinated governor and U.S. Senator Huey P. Long and uncle of longtime U.S. Senator Russell Long. According to the novel and film, Earl Long allegedly fell in love with a young stripper named Blaze Starr.'] ["Yol tells the story of several Kurdish prisoners on furlough in Turkey. Seyit Ali  travels to his house and finds that his wife  has betrayed him and works as a prostitute. She was caught by her family and held captive for Seyit Ali to end her life in an honor killing. Though apparently determined at first, he changes his mind when his wife starts to freeze while travelling in the snow. Despite his efforts to keep her alive, he eventually fails. His wife's death relieves Seyit Ali from family pressure and he is saved from justice since she freezes but he has an internal struggle and must return to jail. Mehmet Salih  has been arrested for his role in a heist with his brother-in-law, whom he abandoned as he was being shot by police. His in-laws want nothing to do with him, and he is finally forced to tell his wife Emine  the truth. Emine and Mehmet Salih decide to run away and get on a train. On the train, they get caught in the toilet while having long-awaited sex with each other. They are saved from an angry mob by the train's officers and held in a cabin before being handed over to officials. There, a young boy from Emine's family who boarded the train shoots both Mehmet Salih and Emine. Ömer  returns to his village. Being a border village, it has a struggle with the army due to smuggling. Ömer visits and arranges to cross the border to escape prison. Though Ömer is clearly determined, he gives up after his brother is shot dead while smuggling. Through his brother's death, Ömer has inherited the responsibilities of his brother's wife and children as dictated by tradition. Each prisoner in the film suffers from a conflict that threatens his freedom, with tradition also imprisoning him."] ['Before Night Falls is based on the autobiography of the same name by Cuban poet and novelist Reinaldo Arenas. In the film, Arenas, who was openly gay, is born in Oriente in 1943 and raised by his single mother and her parents, who soon move the entire family to Holguín. After moving to Havana in the sixties to continue his studies, Reinaldo begins to explore his ambitions, as well as his sexuality. After receiving an honorary mention in a writing contest, Arenas is offered the chance to publish his first work. Through his work and friendships with other openly gay men , Arenas manages to find himself. The political climate in Cuba becomes increasingly dangerous, and in the early seventies Arenas is arrested for allegedly sexually assaulting minors, and for publishing abroad without official consent. In the next decade, Arenas is in and out of prison, attempting and failing to leave the country several times. In 1980, Arenas finally leaves Cuba for the US, starting a new life with his close friend and lover Lazaro Gomez Carriles. A few years later, Arenas is diagnosed with AIDS, and after spending several years suffering he dies in 1990 with the help of Lazaro.'] ["Shekhar  is the son of a traditional Hindu father in a seaside village in Tamil Nadu. A journalism student studying in Bombay, Shekhar visits back home to see his family. On one of his return trips, he lays eyes on Shaila Bano , a Muslim schoolgirl in the village. Initially shy, Shaila seeks to distance herself from Shekhar, but after frequent run-ins, and days of pursuit, Shaila begins to like Shekhar. Eventually, they both fall in love. A marriage proposal is vehemently opposed by the lovers' fathers. Shekar's father refuses to accept Shaila as his daughter-in-law, telling Shekhar to find another partner, whilst Shaila's father announces the need for an immediate marriage between his daughter and a Muslim spouse. Shekhar's father says if the two ever get married, he will cease talking to his son. Shekhar reacts angrily to his father's refusal to accept Shaila, and so leaves, back to Bombay. Shaila, under increasing pressure from her father, escapes from the village and joins Shekhar. At first, Shaila is overwhelmed by the city, having relocated for the first time from rural surroundings to a city life. However, with time she adapts to her new lifestyle. The two get married. The newlyweds move into a new apartment. A few months later, Shaila becomes pregnant and gives birth to twins, Kabir and Kamal. Shekar continues to work as a journalist, whilst Shaila works at home, looking after the children. For six years, the family live in Bombay, settling in well, and begin the process of repairing relations with their respective families. The relatives visit the family in the city for the first time in over half a decade, and are overjoyed to see their two grandchildren. Meanwhile, in west India, Hindu fundamentalism rises as a force to reckon with causing a wave of anti-Muslim riots that leave thousands dead in Bombay. Targets of violence from both sides, Shaila and Shekhar worry increasingly over the safety of their children."] ["The film revolves around Patrick Chamusso, a young, apolitical man  who is accused of carrying out an attack against the government, and an Afrikaner police officer, Nic Vos, played by Tim Robbins. Vos is in charge of locating the perpetrators of a recent bomb attack against the Secunda CTL synthetic fuel refinery, which is the largest coal liquefaction plant in the world. Patrick is unwillingly swept into Vos's investigation due to his inability to provide a satisfactory explanation for his whereabouts at the time of the bombing . Eventually Patrick, his wife, Precious, , and his family are tortured and savagely abused by Vos and Vos's subordinates. Desperate, Patrick says that he is willing to confess to a crime he did not commit to protect his family from torture. At last, Vos finally concludes that Patrick is innocent, and orders his release. Fueled by the anger at the injustices he and his family suffered, Patrick joins the Umkhonto we Sizwe, the guerrilla military wing of the African National Congress and becomes exactly what Vos had initially accused him of being. This decision was an act of revenge against the government for killing his friend, tormenting not only himself, but his wife as well. He attempts to execute a plan to attack Secunda, the refinery he used to work for, by first bombing its adjacent water supply facilities, and 15 minutes later triggering the main explosion within the refinery itself. This would allow the refinery's workforce to flee between the two explosions, and not be harmed. Also, the damage of the first bomb would reduce the possibility of successfully extinguishing the fire caused by the second, main explosion. Patrick succeeds in the first part, but the second bomb is discovered by Vos and deactivated. Patrick is arrested and sentenced to 24 years in prison, after his wife goes to Vos and tells him where Patrick is, because she fell for a simple trick in which Vos left photographs of Patrick talking to a female member of the ANC. Through her unjust jealousy she sells him out. He is released early due to the abolition of apartheid. Precious, who has remarried, is waiting for him and apologizes, and Patrick forgives her and he says he is sorry as well. Some time later, he has been trying to adjust to normal life but the pain he felt wouldn't leave him. One day, he sees Vos sitting out near a small body of water opposite to the side he and friends are on. He creeps over and through some brush sees that it is indeed Vos, and though a part of him wants to break Vos' neck, he decides that it is not worth it, and the real Patrick Chamusso is shown explaining that he told himself then and there that only through forgiveness would he truly be free. He left Vos alone, and went on to remarry and take in over 80 orphaned children in South Africa to provide a home for kids who lost their families during the apartheid struggles."] ['The veline phenomenon is explained. We meet young mechanic Ricky who tries to become a TV star, but complains that it is more difficult for a man. TV agent Lele Mora admiringly says that Berlusconi resembles Benito Mussolini. Paparazzo Fabrizio Corona takes embarrassing photographs of celebrities, and asks them for money to not publicize them. He explains that he is a new version of Robin Hood: he steals from the rich, but keeps the money to himself. When he was convicted for extortion, it made him a greater celebrity, and he is now cashing in on this. He is shown full-frontally naked taking a shower.'] ['Fanis Iakovides, professor of astronomy and astrophysics, recalls his childhood memories from growing up in Istanbul. When Fanis was 7 years old, his grandfather Vassilis was an owner of a general store with a specialty in spices. He was also a culinary philosopher and his mentor. Fanis grew very attached to his grandfather who would assist with his homework using imaginative techniques. For instance, Vassilis would teach his grandson the planets of the Solar System by showing an illustration of it and replacing the planets with spices. Cinnamon took the place of Venus since according to Vassilis, "like all women, cinnamon is both bitter and sweet". Fanis also fell in love for the first time in his grandfather store\'s upper floor with a young Turkish girl, Saime. However, beginning with the Istanbul Pogrom in 1955, through 1978, the ethnic Greek community of Istanbul was reduced from 135,000 to 7,000 by a series of government orchestrated riots, pogroms and deportations.{{cite news}} Most of Fanis\' family is deported in 1964 with the Ankara government decision to renege on the 1930 Greco-Turkish Ankara Convention, affirming the right of Greek etablis  to live and work in Turkey, and most Greek citizens who lived in Istanbul were deported to Greece,The European Union and Border Conflicts: The EU and Cultural Change in Greek-Turkish Relations despite most never having previously resided there. Since Vassilis was not a dual citizen, he was able to stay behind while his grandson Fanis and his parents were deported to Athens. Fanis had trouble initially adapting in Greece, constantly trying to spend his time in the kitchen cooking, as it was the only link between him and his homeland. However, this would upset his mother who was afraid that the boy was either severely depressed or a homosexual. Fanis grew from childhood to adulthood, preserving his culinary talents and often offering his secrets of the Politiki Cuisine to those that ask for his help. As the years passed by, and the tension between Turkey and Greece resolved, grandfather Vassilis made several promises to visit his grandson in Athens but failed to keep them. The reason for the final incompletion of this engagement was his rapidly declining health. Consequently, Fanis returns to Istanbul after three decades to visit his near-death grandfather and also runs into his old love, Saime, who is now married. Together, they reflect on their lives and the way politics managed to change everything. Fanis will eventually realize that contrary to what his grandfather had taught him, he forgot to put a little bit of spice in his own life. The main characters easily fit into a parallel metaphor - Saime, the old love of Fanis, a beautiful Turkish girl and multi-lingual tour guide, represents Istanbul , Fanis is modern Greece, one that is still deeply in love with Istanbul and nostalgic for the past, while Saime\'s husband is a Turkish military doctor who represents a modern, pragmatic Turkey.'] ['After fleeing West Germany following a prison break which involved the fatal shooting of a correctional officer, the desperate and fast-moving fugitive RAF members speed across the border as fast as they can and get an offer from the state security officer, Erwin Hull, to remain in the GDR. The Stasi is shown to be somewhat reluctant to take in Marxist-Leninists who espouse a more militant and individualistic view than the republic\'s own Soviet-inspired ideology, but ultimately the GDR officials apparently consider it more important to keep fellow travelers safe than to prosecute them for vigilantism and murder. The Stasi leaders thus eventually offer to create new identities for Vogt and the rest so that they can start a new life in the East. The two women, Friederike Adebach  and Vogt, accept the offer, but the men refuse on the grounds of not wanting to retire their battle against the imperialist system with armed force; later, they are seen being killed during their next attack. Hull\'s relationship with Rita as her case officer, a friend, and an adviser, meanwhile occupies a large place in the film, platonic though it is. The film then proceeds to detail Rita\'s new life, for which she rehearsed a fictitious "legend" or backstory that becomes her new "truth"; assumedly this is where the English translation "The Legend of Rita" comes from. Once the "legend" is constructed, Rita is given a job at a Volkseigener Betrieb clothing factory. There she appalls her colleagues — unlike them, for example, Rita takes socialist "solidarity" collections for projects in third world countries seriously. Her type of genuine leftist idealism is dismissed as naïve and troublesome in the Soviet-style state, and she is unpopular. But then when Rita\'s horrendously depressed co-worker Tatjana, a fellow outcast who displays the same desperation towards state socialism that Rita had harbored towards capitalism, develop a mutual friendship, it bonds them closely and even sees them experimenting with intimacy. Then a television announcement from West Germany stops Rita short at a birthday party one night — the West German authorities continue to broadcast her as a wanted fugitive, and a co-worker recognizes her from the broadcast the next day and threatens to tell who she is. In response, the Stasi promptly remove her from her workplace and "legend", allowing her only a brief, painful separation from Tatjana. Her next residence and workplace, "Legend Number 2", is a children\'s day care center. While on vacation by the Baltic Sea, she gets to know and falls in love with a student, Jochen. Despite her cautiousness, it becomes ever more difficult for her to maintain her façade and hide her past. Shortly before her decision to travel with him to the Soviet Union, she reveals her tale to him. Suddenly, out noticing a choir performing, Rita sees Friederike Adebach again amongst the choir\'s participants; she is suffering under the new identity she\'d taken, and bears it only with resignation — the same resignation and sadness seen on the faces of most other GDR nationals in the film; in this way, Friederike is seen to have become "one of them". Rita and Friederike\'s reunion is sullen and they part unceremoniously. Throughout, the privations of the GDR are shown as drab, grey, dull and wooden to the viewer, but Rita is noticeably smiling and joyous, in extreme  contrast to every person around her. For Rita the GDR has the romantic, happy aura that had been lacking in her angry expressions and attitude towards capitalism in the beginning of the film, and that radical left romanticism is also part of the reason why she displays such profound disappointment at the end of the film when Die Wende occurs that no one except her had ever seemed to have any hope for socialism as an "experiment". In 1989/90 the GDR collapses; secret-service powers are disbanded in the GDR and the Stasi\'s weapons are confiscated; Erwin Hull informs Rita that he can no longer protect her; Tatjana is arrested by the People\'s Police for harboring a terrorist; and it is rapidly only a question of time before Rita\'s true legend is exposed. Rita is furious at the people who had promised to help her, sees that she has no way out given that terrorism now "has no borders", and tries in an attempted stealth move to speed across a backwoods border checkpoint by motorbike, during which an East German guard pierces her with several automatic rifle bullets, thereby completing the betrayal Rita had hoped would never come. Rita and her comrades are shown as having failed in their revolutionary communist mission against injustice, and also for the self-proclaimed communist states of Eastern Europe to have ultimately had the same disregard for human rights as leftist radicals claim the system of capitalism has. The last moment of the film flashes a line of text: "THAT\'S EXACTLY HOW IT WAS. MORE OR LESS."'] ['Set in the early 1950s in Saigon, Vietnam, during the end of the First Indochina War, on one level The Quiet American is a love story about the triangle that develops between Thomas Fowler, a British journalist in his fifties; a young American idealist, supposedly an aid worker, named Alden Pyle; and Phuong, a Vietnamese girl. On another level it is also about the political turmoil and growing American involvement that led to the Vietnam War. Thomas Fowler , who narrates the story, is involved in the war only as an observer, apart from one crucial instant. Pyle , who represents America and its policies in Vietnam, is an OSS  operative sent to steer the war according to America’s interests, and is passionately devoted to the ideas of York Harding, an American foreign policy theorist who said that what Vietnam needed was a "third player" to take the place of both the colonialists and the Vietnamese rebels and restore order. This third player was plainly meant to be America, and so Pyle sets about creating a "Third Force" against the Viet Minh by using a Vietnamese splinter group headed by corrupt militia leader General Thé . His arming of Thé\'s militia with American weaponry leads to a series of terrorist bombings in Saigon. These bombings, dishonestly blamed on the Communists in order to further American outrage, kill a number of innocent people, including women and children. Meanwhile, Pyle has stolen Fowler\'s Vietnamese mistress Phuong , promising her marriage and security. When Fowler finds out about Pyle\'s involvement in the bombings, he takes one definitive action to seal all of their fates. He indirectly agrees to let his assistant, Hinh , and his Communist cohorts confront Pyle; when Pyle tries to flee, Hinh fatally stabs him. Phuong subsequently returns to Fowler, and while the local French police commander  suspects Fowler\'s role in Pyle\'s murder, he has no evidence and does not pursue the matter.'] ['The President of the United States  nominates Robert A. Leffingwell  as United States Secretary of State. The second-term President, who is ill, has chosen him because he does not believe that Vice President Harley Hudson &mdash;whom both he and others usually ignore&mdash;will successfully continue the administration\'s foreign policy should he die. Leffingwell\'s nomination is controversial within the United States Senate which, using its advice and consent powers, must either approve or reject the appointment. Both the President\'s party, the majority, and the minority are divided. Majority Leader Bob Munson , the senior senator from Michigan, loyally supports the nominee despite his doubts, as do the hard working Majority Whip Stanley Danta  of Connecticut and womanizer Lafe Smith  of Rhode Island. Demagogic peace advocate Fred Van Ackerman  of Wyoming is especially supportive. Although also of the majority party, President pro tempore and "curmudgeon" Seabright "Seeb" Cooley  of South Carolina dislikes Leffingwell for both personal and professional reasons, and leads the opposition. The Senate Foreign Relations Committee appoints a subcommittee, chaired by majority member Brigham Anderson ([[Don Murray  of Utah, to evaluate the nominee. The young and devoted family man is undecided on Leffingwell. Cooley dramatically introduces a surprise witness, Herbert Gelman . The minor Treasury clerk testifies that he was briefly in a Communist cell with Leffingwell and two others at the University of Chicago. Leffingwell denies the charge and effectively questions Gelman\'s credibility, but later tells the President that he had committed perjury and that Gelman was essentially correct. He asks the President to withdraw his nomination, but he refuses. Cooley identifies another member of the cell, senior Treasury official Hardiman Fletcher. He forces him to confess to Anderson, who tells Munson. Despite personal lobbying by the President, the subcommittee chairman insists that the White House withdraw the nomination due to Leffingwell\'s perjury or he will subpoena Fletcher to testify. The President angrily refuses but the majority leader admits that the White House will soon have to nominate another candidate. Anderson delays his committee\'s report on Leffingwell but the President sends Fletcher out of the country, angering the senator. Anderson and his wife  receive anonymous phone calls from Van Ackerman\'s men warning that, unless the subcommittee reports favorably on Leffingwell, information about what happened with "Ray" in Hawaii will appear. A worried Anderson visits a fellow Army veteran, Ray Shaff, in New York. Shaff admits that he sold evidence of a past homosexual relationship between the two. Hudson, Anderson\'s friend Smith, and others attempt to counsel the troubled chairman but, unable to reconcile his duty and his secret, Anderson commits suicide. The President denies to Munson and Hudson knowing about the blackmail. He tells the majority leader that he is dying and that Leffingwell\'s confirmation is vital. Munson criticizes Cooley for opposing the nominee but not exposing Fletcher, forcing Anderson to bear the pressure alone. Anderson\'s death, nonetheless, permits the subcommittee and the Foreign Relations Committee to proceed with the nomination. Both report favorably to the full Senate. In the Senate Chamber Cooley apologizes for his "vindictiveness". While he will vote against Leffingwell and his "alien voice", the senator will not ask others to follow. Munson, moved by Cooley\'s action, cites the "tragic circumstances" surrounding the confirmation. Although the majority leader will vote for Leffingwell, he will permit a conscience vote from others. Hudson\'s quorum call and the majority leader\'s refusal to yield the floor prevent Van Ackerman from speaking, and Munson asks for the "Yeas and Nays", ending debate. The majority leader tells the senator that were it not for the Andersons\' privacy the Senate would censure and expel him. Van Ackerman angrily leaves the chamber before the vote. Munson\'s side is slightly ahead until Smith unexpectedly votes against Leffingwell and the majority leader prepares for the Vice President to break the tie in the nominee\'s favor. Secret Service agents enter the chamber and Hudson receives a message from the Senate Chaplain. He announces that he will not break the tie, causing the nomination to fail, and that the President has died during the vote. As he leaves with the Secret Service, Hudson tells Munson that he wants to choose his own Secretary of State. The film ends as Munson makes a motion to adjourn due to the former president\'s death.'] ['Two determined students at a West Coast university, Arian  and Ernest , at the urging of their idealistic professor, Dr. Malley , attempt to do something important with their lives. They make the bold decision to commission in the army to fight in Afghanistan after graduating from college. Dr. Malley also attempts to reach talented and privileged, but disaffected, student Todd Hayes  who is not at all like Arian and Ernest. He is naturally bright, comes from a privileged background, but has apparently slipped into apathy upon being disillusioned at the present state of affairs. Now, he devotes most of his time to extra-curricular activities like his role as president of his fraternity. Malley tests him by offering a choice between a respectable grade of \'B\' in the class with no additional work required or a final opportunity to re-engage with the material of the class and "do something." Before Todd makes his choice, he must listen to Dr. Malley\'s story of his former students Arian and Ernest and why they are in Afghanistan. Meanwhile, in Washington, D.C., a charismatic Republican presidential hopeful, Senator Jasper Irving , has invited liberal TV journalist Janine Roth  to his office to announce a new war strategy in Afghanistan: the use of small units to seize strategic positions in the mountains  before the Taliban can occupy them. The senator hopes that Roth\'s positive coverage will help convince the public that the plan is sound. Roth has her doubts and fears she is being asked to become an instrument of government propaganda. Near the end of the film, she informs her commercially-minded boss of her plans to call out the senator\'s new strategy for what she feels is a ploy, but is shot down. Ultimately, Irving\'s version of the story is run without the critical interaction. Whether Roth gave in and toed the company line or quit her job is not clear. In Afghanistan, a helicopter carrying Arian and Ernest is hit by Taliban soldiers. Ernest falls out, and Arian jumps after him. Ernest\'s leg is badly wounded, and he suffers a compound fracture, rendering him immobile as the Taliban arrive. After a drawn-out gunfight, the U.S. soldiers run out of ammunition. Rather than getting captured, Arian helps Ernest stand up, facing the enemies and turning their empty weapons against them, an action which prompts the Taliban to kill them. The unit commanders attempt a rescue of the downed soldiers, sending A-10 Warthogs, but the weather, time, and distance interfere. Hayes is then seen watching television with a friend. A reporter is discussing a singer\'s private life, while below runs a strip announcing Senator Irving\'s new military plan for Afghanistan. He suddenly falls quiet, contemplating the choices with which his professor had left him.'] ['Whipple "Whip" Hoxworth  returns home to Hawaii to find his grandfather has died and left his fortune to Hoxworth\'s cousin, Micah Hale . Hoxworth, the black sheep of his otherwise very conservative and disapproving family, starts a plantation, staffing it with newly-arrived Chinese indentured servants Nyuk Tsin  and her man Mun Ki . Mun Ki fathers children with Nyuk Tsin, all the while dreaming of returning to China and his wife. Nyuk Tsin, named "Wu Chow\'s Auntie" to support the fiction that Mun Ki\'s spouse is the real mother of the children, has other ideas. Whip steals valuable pineapples from French Guiana in the hope that they will grow in Hawaii. He gives the forlorn plants to Wu Chow\'s Auntie, knowing that she has a "green thumb". When she succeeds in nurturing the plants into flourishing, the overjoyed Whip offers to buy her some land as a reward. Over Mun Ki\'s opposition, she accepts. This is the first step in the rise of both Whip and Wu Chow\'s Auntie, as well as the pineapple industry in Hawaii. Meanwhile, Whip marries native Hawaiian Purity  and has a son with her. However, because of her royal, inbred background, she is mentally fragile. Eventually, her mind gives way, and she can no longer abide to live with Whip. Their son Noel  grows to manhood with an uneasy relationship with his father. When Mun Ki contracts leprosy, Wu Chow\'s Auntie accompanies him to the leper colony on Molokai. Upon Mun Ki\'s death years later, she returns to be reunited and reacquainted with her now-grown, educated, and prospering children. A complication arises when Noel falls in love with Wu Chow\'s Auntie\'s only daughter. Neither parent approves of the idea of the marriage, but in the end, they grudgingly accept it.'] ["Dr. Sharon Golban  finds an ancient skeleton in Jerusalem in a rich man's tomb. Coloration of the wrist and leg bones indicates the cause of death was crucifixion. Other signs, include a gold coin bearing the marks of Pontius Pilate and faint markings around the skull, lead authorities to suspect that these could be the bones of Christ. The different reactions of politicians, clerics, religious extremists&mdash;some prepared to use terror to gain their ends&mdash;to the religious, cultural and political implications of the find, make life difficult and dangerous for the investigators as they seek to unearth the truth. Father Matt Gutierrez is assigned by the Vatican to investigate the case and to protect the Christian faith. Troubled by his case, he comes to understand that it is the Church that he is protecting and not the faith."] ['The film documents the personal accounts of Ruhal Ahmed, Asif Iqbal and Shafiq Rasul ;Channel 4: Observer]: Using terror to fight terror, 26 February 2006'] ['Set in post-World War II Yugoslavia during the Informbiro period, the film tells the story through the eyes of the young boy Malik. His father Meša  has been suspected of working for Cominform and sent to a labour camp after a careless remark about a political newspaper cartoon. The movie opens in June 1950 with a local\'s serenading field workers. He sings Mexican songs because it\'s "safer", and children climb trees and play around. The story is from the perspective of the boy, Malik, whose mother Sena tells him that his father is on a business trip. Malik is a chronic sleepwalker. After a while, Meša\'s wife and children rejoin him in Zvornik. Malik meets Maša, the daughter of a Russian doctor. He falls in love with her, but last sees her when the ambulance takes her away. At the wedding of his maternal uncle Zijah, Malik witnesses his father\'s affair with a woman pilot. She later tries to commit suicide by using a toilet\'s flush cord. Sena reconciles with her brother Zijah, who\'s been diagnosed with diabetes.'] ['The 19th century patriarch of the Hungarian-Jewish Sonnenschein family is a tavern owner, who distills and makes his own popular liquor in Austria-Hungary. From the recipe, the liquor, called "Taste of Sunshine," is commercially made by the next generation of the family who gain great wealth and prestige from the business. That generation of the family lives many happy and privileged years and the children are highly educated. The oldest son, Ignatz , a fast rising judge, falls in love and has an affair with his first cousin, Valerie , against his father\'s wishes. The second son, Gustave , becomes a medical doctor. Ignatz is asked by a chief judge to change his Jewish surname if he wishes to be promoted within the judiciary. Ignatz, his brother, and his cousin Valerie all happily change their last name to Sors - a "more Hungarian" name. Ignatz and Valerie marry and give birth to a healthy son. Ignatz struggles with the political battles in turn of the century Hungary. He struggles with hiding his Jewish identity in order to rise within his profession and the higher social classes. Ignatz curses his communistic brother for opposing the rule of Emperor Franz Joseph. World War I breaks out and both brothers continue rise within their professional and military ranks. Both the Emperor and Ignatz\'s father die around the same time, taking a great toll on Ignatz. After the war is over, the liberal monarchy collapses, causing Ignatz to lose his judicial position. Gustave rises to a position of power in the emerging communist government. Compounding Ignatz\'s conflicts, Valerie announces she plans to divorce Ignatz. In a fit of anger and confusion, Ignatz rapes Valerie. Gustave offers Ignatz a position in the communist government, but Ignatz refuses to be a part of the policies of retribution against the previous members of the monarchy. Ignatz and his family are put under house arrest. Upon hearing this news, Valerie returns to be with her imprisoned family. Soon thereafter, foreign militaries intervene to overthrow the communist government. The new regime asks Ignatz to oversee trials of retribution against the communists. He declines and is forced to retire. His health deteriorates rapidly and he dies, still regularly fighting with Valerie.  The story turns to the next Sors generation: Ignatz\' younger son, Adam Sors , is talented at fencing at the Jewish run Civic Club. In order to compete at the highest levels of fencing, Adam must convert to Christianity because no Jews are allowed in the top military fencing club. Adam converts and hides his Judaism further, like his father did before him. Adam is obsessed with winning social stature, athletic competitions, and his romantic pursuits, pursuing and marrying Hannah Wippler , a woman who was already engaged to another man. He struggles with issues of personal pride in the face of constant religious prejudice. Adam wins the national fencing championship 2 years in a row. Adam and Hannah have a son, Ivan Sors. Adam is offered half a million dollars by a group of Jewish financiers to rejoin his old Civic Club team. Adam refuses, not wanting to give up his chance at competing in the Olympics, not wanting to lose his association with the Christian upper class "gentlemen," and not wanting to be associated publicly with Jews. He responds to the offer by stressing fencing requires the common work of a team, and achievement in the sport cannot be gained from individual effort. The irony in his comments is what is unsaid: In order for him to be a part of a winning team, he must disassociate from the Jewish teams from generations of his family. Adam expresses to his sister-in-law, Greta , his own anti-Semitic prejudicial perceptions and contempt toward "little" Jews who are "all the same." Adam, a Jew by heritage, soon thereafter is reminded that other non-Jewish military members of the Officer\'s Club fencing team still consider him a Jew and are looking for the first opportunity to harm him because he is a Jew. Adam wins the decisive Olympic fencing match during the 1936 Summer Olympics in Nazi Germany, giving Hungary an Olympic gold medal and giving his military officer teammates and his countrymen great pride in their "national treasure" and "national hero." After winning, he is offered the chance to move to the USA, to join a U.S. team. He declines, again preferring to be esteemed as a Hungarian. He is warned that Hungary is following in Nazi Germany\'s footsteps and he and his family should leave the country before it is too late. Adam chooses to stay in Hungary. Adam has an affair with his sister-in-law Greta. Adam wishes to keep up appearances and his reputation, so he keeps the affair secret. New Hungarian laws are passed by the parliament discriminating against people with any near Jewish ancestors. The Sors family feels shielded by the knowledge their military service, Olympic medals, and other characteristics are allowed exceptions, allowing them to not be legally defined as Jews. This initially prevents them from being discriminated against as Jews. However, Adam is soon expelled from the military fencing club. Greta begs Adam to move with his family out of Hungary. Adam decides to stay. Greta then implores her entire family to leave Hungary, in order to save their children. The family decides to stay, wanting to maintain their existing wealth and standing, fearful that other places will not be substantially better than Hungary. Too late, the family is finally persuaded, but quotas are filled, borders are closed and they are not allowed to leave Hungary. Adam\'s former military commander, General Jakofalvy, who is not anti-Semitic, realizes Sors\' family is likely doomed. He apologizes to Adam, saying, "Sors, there\'s something I once said to you, that \'assimilation was the right choice.\' I\'d like to ask your forgiveness for having said that. I was profoundly wrong." Hannah, Adam\'s wife, likely knowing of the affair with Greta, and knowing her marriage to him creates one more Jewish association, asks Adam if he still wants to be married to her. Adam honorably and honestly says, "Yes, yes." Germany occupies Hungary and Adam\'s wife and mother are immediately moved into the Budapest Ghetto. Hannah is killed sometime after being marched toward a concentration camp. Valerie, Adam\'s mother, escapes and hides in a friend\'s attic. Adam and his son Ivan are sent to a labor camp. Adam is called out of the group by a camp guard because of Adam\'s proud demeanor and defiance, declaring he is a Hungarian military officer and Hungarian Olympic champion. The guards make an example out of him, stripping him naked in the snow, tying him upside down to a log, breaking his bones, and demanding he denounce his declarations of pride and instead cower because he is a Jew. They hose water on him until he dies, frozen in ice. Over a thousand Jewish prisoners, including his son Ivan, sit idle watching him slowly tortured to death. Greta, István, and their son are dragged from their home and shot on the banks of the Danube river. Valerie, and their long-time family servant, return separately to the family home. Gustave Sors, Valerie\'s long separated brother, returns home to support the new Hungarian pro-Stalin communist government. Ivan also returns home, letting Valerie know her younger son Adam was murdered in camp because Adam wouldn\'t admit he was a Jew. Ivan is ashamed he hid the fact he was Adam\'s son while he watched his father beaten to death. Ivan gets a job with a local communist official, Andor Knorr , as a policeman, gathering up members of the previous "fascist" Hungarian political regime for prosecution. He hypocritically prosecutes others who, like Ivan, stood by and did nothing as others were persecuted. Ivan asks his interrogatees to write down names of their colleagues, trying to create an appearance of finding more government opposition members. Ivan rises quickly in the communist ranks. He has a sexual affair with Maj. Carole Kovács, the wife of a high ranking communist official. Fears and suspicions grow quickly in the new Hungarian communist government, and as with previous regimes, Jews are feared to be inciting conspiracies against the government. Ivan is enlisted to hunt and indict Jews. Andor Knorr, a lifelong communist with Jewish heritage, is accused of being a leader of a Zionist conspiracy. Ivan harshly interrogates Knorr, seeking a confession, knowing that if he cannot obtain a false confession, then interrogation will likely be redirected to Ivan and his family. Knorr will not confess and is tortured to death. Maj. Carole Kovács, fearing reprisals from being associated with Ivan, leaves him. Ironically, Ivan is asked to speak at Knorr\'s funeral, where he shares a quote passed down through his Jewish family: "We are afraid to see clearly and of being seen clearly." In 1956 the communist regime is challenged. Ivan has left the police force and is a leader of the rebellion. Ivan is arrested after the rebellion fails. He is interrogated in the same way he interrogated Knorr and is imprisoned for his political activities. Upon release, he returns to live with his grandmother Valerie. She tells him, "Politics has made a mess of our lives. Still, life was beautiful. I\'ve enjoyed waking every morning. I\'ve always tried to photograph what\'s beautiful in life, but it hasn\'t always been easy." While still looking for the missing family liquor recipe, she has a heart attack and dies soon thereafter. The recipe book is never found, till Ivan finally moves out of the family home. The cloth bound recipe book is disposed of as one more unrecognized piece of family memorabilia. In the final scenes, Ivan changes his name from Sors back to Sonnenschein.'] ["The film takes place in a Palestinian village ruled by an Israeli military governor. At the start of the film the village is under a curfew. The village mayor, muktar, wants to celebrate his son's wedding with the traditional elaborate ceremony despite the curfew. The Israeli military governor initially refuses, but finally allows the wedding to take place on the condition that he and his staff are invited."] ['John Pappas is the mayor of New York City and has far more grand ambitions, including the governor\'s office and the White House. His loyal deputy mayor is Kevin Calhoun, a young man from Louisiana who grew up loving politics. One day, an off-duty police detective named Eddie Santos is ambushed by Tino Zapatti, a criminal with mob ties. They kill each other in a shootout with a stray bullet also causing the death of an innocent small boy named James Bone. An investigation leads to a question as to why Judge Walter Stern, an old friend of the mayor\'s, had set Zapatti free on probation for a recent crime rather than send him to jail. Legal aid Marybeth Cogan, meanwhile, attempts to see that Santos\' widow receives his full benefits, but there seems to be a conspiracy to paint the slain detective as less than honest. While the mayor speaks at the child\'s funeral, Calhoun digs for answers. He is leery of Frank Anselmo, a Brooklyn politician who has connections to organized crime boss Paul Zapatti, the uncle of the cop-killer. Anselmo plants money at Zapatti\'s behest to smear the detective\'s good name. The deputy mayor and Cogan continue to seek the truth from a number of sources, including Santos\' partner and another Zapatti relative. After the murder of probation officer Larry Schwartz, they ultimately come to the conclusion that Judge Stern had to be on the take. Pappas agrees that Stern must resign. The scandal snowballs to the point that Anselmo is instructed by Paul Zapatti to "take the pressure off" himself, by which he means commit suicide rather than become an informer or go to jail. To protect his family, Anselmo shoots himself. The scandal is nearly at an end, but Calhoun knows one more thing -- his idol, the mayor, is also involved. He is the one who put Stern together with Anselmo to receive a bribe and leave the young Zapatti on the street. Calhoun soon tells Pappas there is only one choice -- to quit as mayor and leave politics for good.'] ["The movie is a depiction of the life of former New York City mayor Rudy Giuliani, focusing primarily on his mayoral career and response to the September 11 attacks.James Woods prepares for his role as NYC's ex-Mayor | Rudy: The Rudy Giuliani Story | Television News | TV | Entertainment Weekly"] ["Rome 1938, Umberto  and Leone  have got a men's costume shop, on the same street. Umberto is Catholic, Leone is Jewish. Racial Laws are approved in Italy in 1938 after Hitler's visit to Rome ."] ['Jessie, a female Border Collie, and her friends, who have all been hiding away from Napoleon and his spies, are starting their journey back to their home, which they had escaped from years before. A massive storm is washing away the looming structures of Manor Farm. Jessie reflects on the events of the past and how they were brought to their current situation and the film shifts to the past. At night in the barn of Manor Farm, the animals gather for a meeting. Old Major, the oldest and wisest pig at Manor Farm tells the animals that they must overthrow man, their true and only enemy, in order to be free and that the animals must never adopt man’s vices. Old Major tells of a song called, “Beasts of the England,” which proclaims that animals must rise up and overthrow man. When Mr. Jones, the cruel, alcoholic owner of Manor Farm, rushes outside to investigate the noises emitting from the barn, he accidentally fires his gun. The bullet strikes Old Major, who falls from the barn loft, dying on the ground below. Later, after Jones neglects to feed the animals, Boxer, the work horse, leads the animals to the shed where the food is kept. When Jones and his men come to face the animals, the animals attack the men in revolution, forcing them off the property. Under the rule of animals, Manor Farm is renamed Animal Farm by Snowball, who has learned to read and write. Snowball paints on the barn doors commandments he claims are the principles of Animalism, reflecting Old Major\'s views. The commandments forbid animals from behaving like humans and the killing of animals. The commandments also state that "whatever goes upon four legs or has wings is a friend" and that "all animals are equal." Snowball teaches the animals to chant, "Four legs good, two legs bad" and also reveals the “Hoof and Horn,” a simple green flag that represents Animal Farm. Meanwhile, the farmhouse is preserved as a museum and the three pigs (Snowball, Napoleon, and [[Squealer  oversee the farm\'s progression as it\'s operated entirely by animals. Jessie has birthed puppies, but Napoleon soon takes them, claiming that they need to be educated. It is also soon revealed that the pigs have taken the farm\'s milk and apples for themselves. Snowball feels guilty and ashamed of this action but none of the other pigs seem to feel the same way. Squealer soon explains that the pigs are the brains of the farm and that they need the milk and apples to stay healthy so they can watch over the farm. Squealer claims that if the pigs stopped eating the milk and apples, Jones would surely return. Jessie is skeptical of the pigs\' government of Animal Farm, but Boxer affirms that Napoleon is always right. Local farmer Mr. Pilkington decides that it is time to take the farm back from the animals and invades Animal Farm with other local farm workers. Snowball had planned for such an invasion and leads the animals to victory, causing the humans to retreat. Pilkington comments that, since they were unable to defeat the animals, they may “have to join them.” Snowball proposes that the animals build a windmill to make their farm work easier, but Napoleon and Squealer oppose the plan, declaring that arming the farm and feeding the animals is more important. When the animals show support for Snowball, Napoleon urinates on Snowball’s blueprints and calls a horde of dogs to chase Snowball out of Animal Farm. Jessie is shocked to see her own puppies, now almost fully grown, as part of Napoleon\'s private army of vicious dogs. Napoleon assumes Old Major’s place as his own and declares Snowball a “traitor and a criminal.” Squealer states that the windmill was Napoleon’s plan all along and that his cunning tactics revealed Snowball’s treachery. Napoleon announces that the pigs will “decide all aspects of the farm” from then on. The animals begin construction of the windmill under the strict supervision of the dogs of the Animal Guard. At night, Jessie finds Napoleon and Squealer in the farmhouse “behaving like men.” Mr. Pilkington soon begins to trade with the pigs. Although Boxer remembers Old Major mentioning that animals were not to engage in trade, Napoleon declares that “Animal Farm cannot exist in isolation” and that trades must begin with outside farmers. Napoleon also has the skull of Old Major placed in front of the barn to oversee the farm\'s progress. A statue of Napoleon has also been built nearby. Jessie confesses to the other animals that the pigs are living in the house and sleeping in the beds, Squealer points out that no commandment had been broken. He had, in fact, changed the commandment, ‘No animal shall sleep in a bed’ to, ‘No animal shall sleep in a bed with sheets.’ Angered by what Pilkington is trading with the animals on his farm, Jones sneaks to the windmill and blows it up with dynamite. When their truck is crushed by a falling boulder, they depart without anyone seeing them. The animals are devastated by the windmill’s destruction. Napoleon announces that it was Snowball had stolen the truck and sabotaged the windmill. The rebuilding process begins. Boxer is determined to finish before he retires. Squealer announces that “Beasts of the World” is banned, explaining that Animal Farm has been fully established and that the song\'s meaning is now irrelevant. A new song titled “Glorious Leader, Napoleon” is sung instead. Soon, the food dwindles to nothing for the working animals, while the pigs continue to fatten. It is declared one night after work that Snowball is causing the food shortage and that the hens will have to surrender their eggs to the market. When the hens oppose, Napoleon declares that the hens are all criminals and that no food will be given to them. The pigs produce propaganda films using Jones\' filming equipment. While celebrating Napoleon as a leader, at the same time, the films show the deaths of animals that have broken Napoleon’s rules. It is revealed that the commandment, ‘No animal shall kill any other animal’ has been changed to, ‘No animal shall kill any other animal without cause.’ The commandment, ‘No animal shall drink alcohol,’ was also changed to, ‘No animal shall drink alcohol to excess,’ after the pigs began to buy whiskey from Pilkington. Carting extra stones to the almost-complete windmill, Boxer collapses to the ground. Squealer informs Jessie that Napoleon will be sending Boxer to the hospital for treatment. A van comes take Boxer away, but it is marked with the words "Horse Slaughterer" and Boxer is taken to his death. Napoleon is paid for selling Boxer to the glue factory. In a propaganda film, Squealer assures the animals that the van did belong to the hospital, but, at one time, had been owned by the glue factory, and, thus, the old painting had not been removed. Pilkington and his wife visit Animal Farm for dinner with the pigs in the farmhouse. Napoleon announces that the farm will return to its original name, Manor Farm, since that is its proper name. Watching through a warped glass window, Jessie sees the faces of the two distorted in such a way that she can\'t tell the difference between Napoleon and Pilkington. The commandment ‘All animals are equal\' has been changed to ‘All animals are equal, but some animals are more equal than others.’ The animals depart Manor Farm as the propaganda film displays the performance of a new song written for Napoleon which features the recurring phrase, "Napoleon, Mighty Leader!" During the performance, Napoleon is seen wearing clothes and standing on two legs. The animals around Napoleon chant, "Four legs good, two legs better!" Napoleon decrees the Manor Farm will build weapons and walls to continue their way of life. He declares the revolution over and announces, "All animals are now free!" The film then returns to the present, with Jessie and the other animals - having reunited with Snowball - returning to Manor Farm. Jessie knows in her heart that Napoleon has died “a victim of his own madness.” Manor Farm is derelict and largely abandoned. Jessie cannot believe that this was once the same place “where Old Major had spoken of his dream” and where they had “worked so hard for a better life.” One of Jessie’s puppies has survived the tragedy. The farm is bought by a new family. Jessie vows that the animals will “not allow them to make the same mistakes.” She says that they will work together to rebuild the farm and that now, at last, they are finally free.'] ['The film is about Anton Ludvik, alias Gerard, vice-minister of Foreign Affairs of Czechoslovakia. He realizes he is being watched and followed. One day, he is arrested and put into jail by an organisation that declares itself "above the ruling party" and put in solitary confinement for months without being told the reason why. Through brainwashing techniques, including sleep deprivation, being forced to walk back and forth all the time, and drugs, he is slowly pressured into confessing imaginary crimes and treason and to repeat this confession in a public court. Years later, he meets his now demoted tormentor, who tries to downplay his role at that time. Yves Montand lost more than 15 kilos to play his role. Shaken by the 1956 events in Hungary the film was in part Montand settling a score with totalitarian communism and he said: " There was in what I inflicted upon myself [for this role] something of an act of expiation." Paris Match, p.63, 21 November 1991 No.2217'] ['A man is captured in the desert by United States forces after attacking three soldiers, and is soon tortured and brutalized in a secret detention center. He finds himself transported to Poland, along with other prisoners. He manages to escape into the vast frozen woodland, a world away from the home he knew. In order to survive he kills some of those who stray into his path and forages for food both from nature and from those he encounters. A woman gives him shelter, treats his wounds and feeds him before sending him back out into the wilderness. He departs on a white horse and, as the first shoots of spring are seen through the snow, appears to die.'] ['The story is set in the then near-future of the 1970s and concerns a disillusioned pop singer, played by Jones, who is manipulated by the church and state which seek to turn him into a messianic leader.'] ['Famous film director Norman Kingsley  runs for President while working on his latest film project. His brother Raoul  continues to cling to him for his money.'] ['Marvin Lucas , a political election specialist, must find a Democratic candidate to unseat California U.S. Senator Crocker Jarmon, a popular Republican. With no big-name Democrat eager to enter the seemingly unwinnable race, Lucas seeks out Bill McKay , the idealistic, charismatic son of former governor John J. McKay . Lucas gives McKay a proposition: Jarmon cannot lose and, since the race is already decided, McKay is free to campaign saying exactly what he wants. McKay accepts to have the chance to spread his values, and hits the trail. With no serious Democratic opposition, McKay cruises to the nomination on his name alone. Lucas then has distressing news: according to the latest election projections, McKay will be defeated by an overwhelming margin. McKay counted on losing but not on being humiliated, so he broadens his message to appeal to more voters. McKay campaigns across the state, his message growing more generic each day. This approach lifts him in the opinion polls, but he has a new problem: Because McKay\'s father has stayed out of the race, the media speculates his silence is an endorsement of Jarmon. McKay begrudgingly meets his father and tells him the problem, and the elder McKay tells the media he is simply honoring his son\'s wishes to stay out of the race. McKay continues to gain in the polls until he is only nine points down. Jarmon then proposes a debate. McKay agrees to give tailored answers, but just as the debate is ending, McKay has a pang of conscience and blurts out that the debate addressed no real issues, such as poverty and race relations. Lucas is furious, as this will hurt the campaign. The media try to confront McKay backstage, but arrive as his father congratulates him on the debate; instead of reporting on McKay\'s outburst, the story becomes the reemergence of the former governor to help his son. The positive story, coupled with McKay\'s father\'s help on the trail, further closes the polling gap. On election day, McKay wins. In one of the movie\'s famous scenes, he escapes the victory party and pulls Lucas into a room while throngs of journalists clamor outside. McKay asks Lucas, "Marvin ... What do we do now?" The media throng arrives to drag them out, and McKay never receives an answer.'] ['The film is a love story between a young woman  and a radical political activist , who is declared to be Naxalite. The film ends with the police killing him and the woman learning about his death through the newspaper.{{cite web}}'] ["In a retelling of the Frank Capra film Mr. Smith Goes to Washington. Billy Jack ([[Tom Laughlin  is appointed a United States Senator to fill out the remaining term of another Senator. It is hoped that he will quietly vote the party line, but his term in the Senate runs into trouble when he proposes a bill to fund a national youth camp which happens to be on the property where a nuclear power plant is also being proposed. His fellow Senator Joseph Paine  claims to oppose nuclear power but is secretly taking graft to influence his votes in favor, and moves to try to keep Billy Jack out of the way when the bill is being debated. Seeking to keep Billy out of the Senate on a day when a controversial energy bill is being voted on, Senator Paine suggests he meet with a grassroots group that day instead. The group is working to pass a national initiative and Billy Jack becomes convinced of their cause. Billy is invited to meet with a group of lobbyists attempting to offer him bribes and other perks if he will vote their way. Up against a man named Bailey  who wields a powerful influence in his home state, Billy Jack has his political career and reputation at stake if he doesn't cooperate. Billy responds with anger at their threat. The next day in the Senate, he tries to speak on the floor in opposition to the nuclear power plant. Paine responds by proposing to expel Billy from the Senate as unfit for office. Billy's assistant quits after the murder of a lobbyist, fearing for her own safety, but returns later in the film after Billy Jack is about to be expelled from the Senate, to help him learn Senate procedure in order to filibuster. Billy collapses on the Senate floor in the effort, whereupon Paine confesses to his colleagues that every word Billy spoke was the truth."] ['In September 2004, UVSC student council leaders, Jim Bassi and Joseph Vogel, invited liberal filmmaker Michael Moore to come speak on campus. The predominately conservative community of Orem surrounding the school erupted in an uproar. A pandemonium of protests, petitions, and demonstrations escalated into hate mail, threatening phone calls, threatened lawsuits, and countless incendiary editorials.{{cite web |lastRichard |titlehttp://www.washingtonpost.com/ac2/wp-dyn/A4247-2005Mar27 |work7 November 2011 |datehttp://www.newsnet.byu.edu/story.cfm/52917/1121|accessdateHannity\'s bill totals $49,850|publisher"slc1"> {{cite web |lastMark |titlehttp://archive.sltrib.com/article.php?idNGPSID&keyword |work15 November 2011 |date"deseret2> {{cite web}}'] ['Obermaier enjoyed sexual freedom at the legendary Kommune 1 in Berlin after being with the krautrock band, Amon Düül. In the Kommune, she becomes friendly with Rainer Langhans. The young woman from Munich gains employment as a model, and becomes a sex symbol and youth icon. Now a cover girl in Playboy magazine, she meets rock stars such as Mick Jagger and Keith Richards, while Italian film producer, Carlo Ponti, offers her a ten-year contract, but she declines: her freedom is more important than a contract. During her intensive relationship with Keith Richards, she begins to recognize the dark side of the shiny glamour world she lives in: the isolation of the stars, and the groupie-populated milieux of anonymous hotel rooms — this is not her idea of life. She finds new freedom in a relationship with the adventurer Dieter Bockhorn . They fall in love and go on a six-year road trip around the world. Later, Bockhorn dies in a motorcycle accident in Mexico.'] ["The storyline of the film follows the final months of 1916 up to the murder of Rasputin; some events have been telescoped into this time though they actually happened earlier, during the war. Rasputin's effect on people around him is shown as almost hypnotic, and the film avoids taking a moral stance towards him—breaking not only with Soviet history but also with how he was regarded by people near the court at the time, some of whom regarded him as a debilitating figure who disgraced the monarchy and hampered the war effort.{{Citation needed}}"] ["A man is snatched from the streets of his home city and transported to an unknown destination. Held in a tiny cell with no access to legal representation, he is cut off from the outside world. Advanced interrogation techniques are used to break him down. His life is deconstructed with such manipulation that even he begins to question his innocence. He is transported again, in a small jet marked only 'N379P', to the searing heat of an unspecified locale where interrogation is quickly replaced by sophisticated torture. No reason is offered for his detention and no timetable is set for his release. No governments are mentioned, no radical factions named, no fingers pointed. There is nothing for him to hang onto. The man has fallen out of the world, and only questions remain."] ['31 North 62 East tells the story of a British Prime Minister who gives up the position of an Special Air Service  unit in Afghanistan to ensure a UK £80 billion arms deal goes through, assuring his re-election. All soldiers in the SAS unit are thought to have died, until two months later, when one of them, a female captain, is found by Italian special forces and returns to the UK to investigate.'] ['Inspired by two actual events, one surrounding the death of Professor Chen Wen-Chen  of Carnegie Mellon University{{cite web}} in 1981,Professor Chen Wen-Chen Memorial Foundation and the other the 1984 assassination of journalist Henry Liu in California by Chen Chi-li and his fellow Bamboo Union members, Formosa Betrayed is the story of FBI Agent Jake Kelly\'s  investigation of the murder of Henry Wen , a Taiwanese professor in Chicago. With the help of his partner Tom Braxton ([[John Heard  and a sharp Chicago police detective , Agent Kelly discovers that the murderers have fled to Taipei, capital of Republic of China. Agent Kelly is sent overseas to assist the Taiwan government\'s search for the killers. Initially guided by an American diplomat  and a KMT official , he soon realizes that not only is he an unwelcome guest in a foreign land, but that something more treacherous is happening beneath the surface. With the help of Ming , a Taiwanese activist, Agent Kelly discovers the unsettling truth about the island, once described as "Ilha Formosa"  by the Portuguese, leading to dangerous and painful consequences. Agent Kelly finds himself on a collision course with the U.S. State Department, the Chinese Mafia, and ultimately the highest levels of the Kuomintang, where this FBI agent discovers how a complex web of politics, identity, and power affects the lives and destinies of all the citizens.'] ["Struggling writer Émile Zola  shares a drafty Paris attic with his friend, painter Paul Cézanne . A chance encounter with a street prostitute  hiding from a police raid leads to his first bestseller, Nana, an exposé of the steamy underside of Parisian life. Other successful books follow. Zola becomes rich and famous; he marries Alexandrine  and settles down to a comfortable life in his mansion. One day, his old friend Cézanne, still poor and unknown, visits him before leaving the city. He tells Zola that he has become complacent, a far cry from the zealous reformer of his youth. Meanwhile, a French secret agent steals a letter addressed to a military officer in the German embassy. The letter confirms there is a spy within the top French army staff. With little thought, the army commanders decide that Jewish Captain Alfred Dreyfus  is the traitor. He is courtmartialed and imprisoned on Devil's Island in French Guyana. Later, Colonel Picquart , the new chief of intelligence, discovers evidence implicating Major Walsin-Esterhazy  as the spy, but he is ordered by his superiors to remain silent, as this revelation would embarrass them. He is quickly reassigned to a distant post. Years go by. Finally, Dreyfus's loyal wife Lucie  pleads with Zola to take up her husband's cause. Zola is reluctant to give up his comfortable life, but the evidence she has brought him piques his curiosity. He publishes a letter in the newspaper accusing the army of covering up a monstrous injustice. Zola barely escapes from an angry mob incited by agents provocateurs employed by the military. As he had expected, he is brought to trial for libel. His attorney, Maitre Labori  does his best, but the presiding judge refuses to allow him to bring up the Dreyfus affair and the military witnesses all commit perjury, with the exception of Picquart. Zola is found guilty and sentenced to a year in prison. He reluctantly accepts the advice of his friends and flees to England, where he continues to write on behalf of Dreyfus. A new administration finally admits that Dreyfus is innocent, those responsible for the coverup are forced to resign or are dismissed, and Walsin-Esterhazy flees the country. However, Zola dies of carbon monoxide poisoning due to a faulty stove the night before the public ceremony in which Dreyfus is exonerated."] ['On 2 February, 1990, Nelson Mandela is released from Victor Verster Prison after 27 years spent in jail. Four years later, Mandela is elected to be the first black President of South Africa. His presidency faces enormous challenges in the post-Apartheid era, including rampant poverty and crime. Mandela is particularly concerned about racial divisions between black and white South Africans, which could lead to violence. The ill will which both groups hold towards each other is seen even in his own security detail where relations between the established white officers, who had guarded Mandela\'s predecessors, and the black ANC additions to the security detail, are frosty and marked by mutual distrust. While attending a game of the Springboks, the country\'s rugby union team, Mandela recognizes that the blacks in the stadium cheer against their \'home\' squad, as the mostly-white Springboks represent prejudice and apartheid in their minds. He remarks that he did the same while imprisoned on Robben Island. Knowing that South Africa is set to host the 1995 Rugby World Cup in one year\'s time, Mandela convinces a meeting of the newly-black-dominated South African Sports Committee to support the Springboks. He then meets with the captain of the Springboks rugby team, François Pienaar , and implies that a Springboks victory in the World Cup will unite and inspire the nation. Mandela also shares with Francis a poem, "Invictus", that had inspired him during his time in prison. Francis and his teammates train. Many South Africans, both black and white, doubt that rugby will unite a nation torn apart by some 50 years of racial tensions. For many blacks, especially the radicals, the Springboks symbolised white supremacy. However, both Mandela and Pienaar stand firmly behind their theory that the game can successfully unite the South African country. Things begin to change as the players interact with the fans and begin a friendship with them. During the opening games, support for the Springboks begins to grow among the black population. By the second game, the whole country comes together to support the Springboks and Mandela\'s efforts. Mandela\'s security team also grows closer as the various officers come to respect their comrades professionalism and dedication. The Springboks surpass all expectations and qualify for the final against New Zealand All Blacks&mdash;the most successful rugby team in the world both then and now. Prior to the game, the Springbok team visits Robben Island, where Mandela spent 27 years in jail. There Pienaar is inspired by Mandela\'s will and his idea of self-mastery in the poem Invictus. Francis mentions his amazement that Mandela "could spend thirty years in a tiny cell, and come out ready to forgive the people who put [him] there". Supported by a large home crowd of both races, Pienaar motivates his team. Mandela\'s security detail receives a scare when, just before the match, a jumbo jet buzzes the stadium, but it is not an assassination attempt but a demonstration of patriotism. The Springboks win the match on an added time long drop-kick from fly-half Joel Stransky, with a score of 15–12. Mandela and Pienaar meet on the field together to celebrate the improbable and unexpected victory. Mandela\'s car is then seen driving away in the traffic-jammed streets leaving the stadium. As Mandela watches the South Africans celebrating together in the car, Mandela\'s voice is heard reciting the poem, "Invictus".'] ["The film opens with Hitler's 56th birthday on April 20, 1945, and ends 10 days later, with his suicide on April 30."] ['Shlomo, an Ethiopian boy, is placed by his Christian mother with an Ethiopian Jewish woman whose child has died. This woman, who will become his adoptive mother, is about to be airlifted from a Sudanese refugee camp to Israel during Operation Moses in 1984. His birth mother, who hopes for a better life for him, tells him “Go, live, and become,” as he leaves her to board the plane. The film tells of his growing up in Israel and how he deals with the secrets he carries: not being Jewish and having left his birth mother.'] ["Judgment at Nuremberg centers on a military tribunal held in Nuremberg, Germany, in which four judges are accused of crimes against humanity for their actions during the Nazi regime. Judge Dan Haywood , the chief justice in the case, attempts to understand how defendant Ernst Janning  could have passed sentences resulting in genocide, and by extension how the German people could have turned blind eyes and deaf ears to the Holocaust. Doing so, he befriends the widow  of a German general executed by the Allies. He talks with a number of Germans with different perspectives on the war. Other characters the Judge meets are U.S. Army Captain Byers , who is assigned to the American party hearing the cases, and Irene Wallner , who is afraid to bring testimony that may turn the case against the judges in favor of the prosecution. The film examines the questions of individual complicity in crimes committed by the state. For example, defense attorney Hans Rolfe  raises such issues as the support of U.S. Supreme Court justice Oliver Wendell Holmes Jr. for eugenics practices, the Hitler-Vatican Reichskonkordat in 1933, the Nazi-Soviet Pact in 1939 that allowed Hitler to start World War II and Winston Churchill's praise for Adolf Hitler.{{fact}} At the end of the film Janning thanks Judge Haywood for his rulings, saying that it was the right and just decision."] ['The film begins in 1933. Students at the University at Takikawa protest against the Japanese invasion of Manchuria. Prominent professor Yagihara  is relieved of his post because of his leftist views against fascism. The professor\'s daughter Yukie  is courted by two of her father\'s students: Ryukichi Noge  and Itokawa . Itokawa is safe and sensible while Noge is fiery. Yukie is eventually drawn toward Noge. Noge disappears following an anti-militarist student protest. His disappearance is the result of being arrested and he spends four years in jail. By the time Itokawa  tells Yukie about Noge\'s whereabouts he has already been out of jail for a year. He also tells her that he is a changed man, that he is no longer how Yukie remembered him. Itokawa brings Noge over to the Yagihara residence. During dinner, Professor Yagihara mentions that Noge wouldn\'t have gotten out unless the government was convinced that Noge had "converted" from his radical ways. Noge confirms this and says that Itokawa vouched for him and had even found him a job in the army. After realizing that Noge has changed from his days at the University, Yukie gets up from the dinner table and runs to lock herself in her room. Yukie\'s mother eventually tells her that Itokawa and Noge are leaving. At first Yukie is reluctant to see them out, however once Yukie\'s mother tells her that Noge is leaving for China she decides to see Noge one last time to say goodbye. After Noge\'s departure, Yukie begins to pack for Tokyo and after a conversation her father reluctantly lets her go. For three years in Tokyo, Yukie works menial jobs to get by. One day she runs into Itokawa and is told that Noge is in Tokyo. She goes to Noge\'s offices, but is scared of what will happen. Yukie is shown outside of the offices several times but eventually Noge notices her. They spend several years together and get married during this time. Yukie knows that Noge is involved in illegal activities , but he refuses to tell her what they are. Noge is arrested on the night before his plans were to go into effect. Yukie is interrogated, but she proffers no information. Yukie is treated badly during the interrogations but Itokawa is eventually able to free her. Yukie\'s parents take the train into Tokyo where Yukie\'s father meets up with Itokawa. Yukie\'s father thanks him for what he has done and informs Itokawa that he intends to represent Noge in court. Itokawa mournfully responds that Noge died the night before. Yukie is crushed. She brings his ashes to his parents, and tells them she is his wife. They reject her, believing that she has come to mock them because their son was convicted of being a spy. She stays with his parents, who are scorned and harassed in their village, and works the rice fields with them. She tries to convince them of her sincerity and that their son was a good man. The work in the rice fields is hard on her, but she is determined to prove her mettle, even to the point of working when she has a severe fever. The night that they finally finish planting all of the fields, the neighbors sneak in and destroy their rice fields. When Yukie mourns the vandalism, Noge\'s parents finally accept her and their son is redeemed in their eyes. At the end of the war, Professor Yagihara is reinstated and Noge is honored for his anti-war efforts. Yukie returns to Takikawa to visit her parents. Yukie\'s mother tells her that she can stay since she has achieved her goal because Noge\'s parents are no longer ashamed of him. However, Yukie now feels more comfortable planting rice than playing the piano, so she goes back to work on the farm.'] ['Two Americans, one Jewish, the other Arab, are friends. As the United Nations votes for the creation of the state of Israel, both are pulled into conflict, their involvement taking them from New York City to Jerusalem, where they risk their lives for what they each believe in. It depicts the Israeli War of Independence and the end of the British mandate of Palestine.'] ['The film begins in 1988 while the Soviet bloc is beginning to disintegrate. František Louka, a middle-aged Czech man dedicated to bachelorhood and the pursuit of women, is a concert cellist struggling to make out a living by playing funerals at the Prague crematorium. He has lost his previous job at the Czech Philharmonic due to having been half-accidentally blacklisted as "politically unreliable" by the authorities. A friend offers him a chance to earn a great deal of money through a sham marriage to a Russian woman to enable her to stay in Czechoslovakia. The woman then uses her Czechoslovak citizenship to emigrate and join her boyfriend in West Germany. Due to a concurrence of circumstances, she has to leave behind her Russian-speaking five-year-old son, Kolya, for the disgruntled Czech musician to look after. At first Louka and Kolya have communication difficulties, as they don\'t speak each other\'s languages and the many false friend words that exist in Czech and Russian add to the confusion. Gradually, though, a bond forms between Louka and Kolya. The child suffers from suspected meningitis and has to be placed on a course of carefully monitored antibiotics. Louka is threatened with imprisonment for his suspect marriage and the child may be placed in a Russian children\'s home. The Velvet Revolution intervenes though, and Kolya is reunited with his mother. Louka and Kolya say their goodbyes.'] ['Forced to find a job as his family\'s breadwinner, Noy  poses as a journalist commissioned to come up with a documentary following the campaign trail of his namesake and top presidential bet, Sen. Benigno "Noynoy" Aquino for the 2010 Philippine National elections. The film, infused with actual documentary footage inter-cut with dramatic scenes, deals with themes of poverty, survival and hope for the Filipino family.'] ['The film looks upon a married couple torn apart by the campaign of killings and torture that sent thousands of accused political leftists to unmarked graves in the mid 1970s during the period known as the Dirty War. It begins five years after Alicia , a History high school teacher and, Roberto , a wealthy businessman and lawyer with close ties to the military junta, had adopted a baby girl named Gaby . Alicia starts wondering about the real parents of Gaby, a topic her husband has told her to forget as it was a condition of the adoption. Yet, he knows the story of his daughter\'s adoption. While hard to believe, Alicia, as other members of the Argentine middle class, is not aware of how much killing and suffering has gone on in the country, until her students begin to complain that the "government approved" History books given to them were written by the regime\'s "assassins". After Ana , Alicia\'s long time friend, returns from her exile in Europe, Alicia begins to do some serious political and personal research on her own. Ana had been tortured by ultra-right paramilitary forces loyal to the brutal Argentine regime for having lived with a so-called subversive man. Alicia learns the identity of Gaby\'s grandmother, Sara , who reveals the identity of the girl\'s disappeared parents. She finds out that her husband played a major role in the regime\'s repression and participated in intensive dealings with foreign business representatives. At a family dinner, Roberto has an intense political argument with his anarchist father and brother, where he uses the political point of view of the ruling conservative military elite, and his father and brother argue from the side of social justice. The film suggests that Sara may not actually be Gaby\'s real grandmother, and briefly explores the fact that Gaby\'s true family may never be known. This juxtaposition of fact and emotion are meant to evoke the mood of hope and hopelessness in reaction to a war environment. The film ends with a confrontation between Alicia and her husband. He wants her to forget about the past and look to the future. Upon his arrival, Roberto is told that Gaby is not home. In response to his inquiry, Alicia responds: "how does it feel not knowing where your child is?". Although she tells him that Gaby is at his mother\'s house, he becomes enraged and assaults her, but is interrupted by the telephone ringing. He answers it, and starts talking to Gaby. Alicia gets her purse to leave, indicating that she no longer can live with him. The audience is left to wonder if Alicia will return Gaby to her real family or leave her with Roberto. However, the final shot of the film shows Gaby sitting in a wicker rocking chair at her adopted grandparents\' house, singing a nursery rhyme. This clearly parallels the story Alicia tells earlier in the story about sitting in a rocking chair at her grandmother\'s house, waiting for her parents, not knowing that they had died in a car accident.'] ['Lee Winters is the widow of the Chairman and primary stockholder of Winterchem Enterprises, a chemical company, who is attempting to obtain financing of the purchase of a processing plant in Spain, while trying to determine why her husband was murdered. Apparently, her late husband discovered some damning information about an Account Number 21214, a secret slush fund involving asset transfers. Respected financier Hubbell Smith takes over as president of Borough National Bank at the request of First New York Bank chairman Maxwell Emery, in an attempt to have Smith discover the financial status of Borough National. Smith discovers that the bank isn\'t just in trouble, it\'s essentially so insolvent that it can\'t even pay its next dividend. It needs to find a customer who needs to borrow a lot of money and either loan the money or act as broker in the deal in order to raise some quick cash and stave off intervention by the Federal Reserve. One of the largest customers of Borough National is Winterchem, but because of federal lending limits, the bank "can\'t loan them a dime" but conceivably could be involved in brokering a deal between Winterchem and some other lender capable of loaning the approximately $500 million needed to buy the plant, and the bank would receive a 1% finder\'s fee for making the arrangement. Smith becomes involved, both financially and romantically, with Winters in her attempts to finance the purchase of the petrochemical plant and in the discovery of the mystery of account 21214. They finally do so by brokering a deal with some Arab investors who take control of her stock as security for the transaction. Smith later discovers that account 21214 is actually a slush fund where Emery is moving money belonging to the Arabs into gold as a safe haven against potential losses if the dollar collapses. The Arabs are extremely worried that if anyone finds out their assets will vanish in a public panic as American currency becomes worthless. Winters also discovers the Arabs are behind account 21214, and wants her stock back in exchange for her silence; she has overheard part of Smith\'s conversation with Emery and mistakenly believes he was double-crossing her. A fake limo driver who is actually working for the Arab investors tries to kidnap her with the intent of killing her—as it turns out they did to her husband—to prevent her from disclosing what she knows, and when the attempt on her life fails, the Arabs panic and pull all of their money out of every bank in America, and possibly the entire world. The globe is gripped by panic and rioting occur as people discover all of their money is now worthless. Emery is shown in his office - dead, an apparent suicide. The economic crisis paralyzes the world, but by spilling over boundaries between east and west blocs, and between developing and industrialized nations, it also unites the world in common cause. In the penultimate scene, workers at Borough National stand idle while listening to a report of the growing economic crisis. As the camera pans across the trading floor of the bank, the viewer sees that it\'s now empty of workers, the lights off, the desks and machines covered - completely inactive. Only Smith remains. Winters joins him in the final scene. Smith tells her that he\'s looking for a way to start anew. Winters offers to become his partner.'] ["In 1874, Disraeli's ambitious foreign policy, aimed at creating a British empire, is voted down by the House of Commons after a speech by his great rival, William Gladstone. Later, Disraeli receives the welcome news that the spendthrift Khedive of Egypt is in dire need of money and is willing to sell the controlling shares in the Suez Canal. The purchase of the canal would secure control of India, but Michael Probert, head of the Bank of England, makes it clear to Disraeli that he is vehemently opposed to any such plan. Disraeli then summons Hugh Myers, a leading Jewish banker. Meanwhile, Lord Charles Deeford proposes to Lady Clarissa Pevensey. Although she is in love with him, she turns him down. He is content to enjoy his wealth and high social standing, and lacks the ambition she wants in a husband; further, she is a great admirer of the Prime Minister and Charles has no strong opinion about him. Disraeli, seeing promise in the young man and wanting Clarissa to be happy, convinces Charles to come work for him, and tells him about the canal purchase. But he does not tell him about the spies. Russia, eager to seize India for itself, has assigned two spies to watch Disraeli: Mrs. Travers, who has entree to the highest social circles, and Mr. Foljambe. Disraeli was not fooled; he has hired Foljambe as his personal government secretary, the better to deceive him. When Foljambe asks Charles if Myers is there to provide financial backing for the purchase of the canal, Charles says nothing, but his manner makes it clear that Foljambe has guessed correctly. Mrs. Travers orders Foljambe to leave the country and warn their masters. Disraeli soon discovers what has happened. When he decides to send an agent to the khedive immediately, Clarissa suggests he send Charles. Charles persuades the khedive to accept Myers' check in exchange for the shares, also proving his own worth to Clarissa. Disraeli is elated when he receives the news. However, Myers comes and informs him that his banking house has been driven into bankruptcy by sabotage; the check is worthless. Disraeli tells him to keep his situation secret for the moment. When the prying Mrs. Travers arrives, Disraeli allows her to learn of the purchase, and she exultantly admits to her key part in sabotaging Myers. Thinking quickly, Disraeli summons Probert. Though the banker initially refuses to help, Disraeli forces him to sign a paper giving unlimited credit to Myers by threatening to have Parliament revoke the bank's charter.  Myers' solvency is restored, the deal is completed, and as a result of Disraeli's success, Queen Victoria can add Empress of India to her other titles."] ['Sheyann Webb meets Martin Luther King, Jr. one day while playing outside with her friends. They are told that Dr. King has come to Selma, Alabama to help the Negro people get voting rights. Sheyann learns many things from Dr. King. He teaches her and her friend Rachel  that when asked, "Children, what do you want?" their answer should be "Freedom." He also teaches her that everyone deserves to be treated with fairness, regardless of the color of their skin, and that children also have a battle to fight. Sheyann wants to get involved and skips school to sneak into the meetings. One night a friend of Sheyann\'s named Jimmie Lee Jackson is killed. To draw attention to the death of Jimmie Lee Jackson, it is decided that a 54-mile march to the state capital of Alabama will take place. Marchers will present a petition to Governor Wallace to protest that Negroes are not being treated fairly. On Sunday, March 7, 1965, a day that comes to be called Bloody Sunday, Sheyann and the other African American protesters march over the Edmund Pettus Bridge en route to Montgomery. Sheyann is the youngest person to attempt to march. In August, President Johnson signs the Voting Rights Act of 1965, outlawing literacy tests at polling stations.'] ["Gino  and Fiore  are Italian racketeers who come to Albania just after the fall of the communists to set up a fictive firm and pocket the grants. They need a stooge and choose Spiro Tozaj/Michele Tallarico , an old man in a prison, who turns out to be an Italian veteran from World War II. Easily confused and utterly impoverished, this elderly former political prisoner seems the perfect choice, until he unexpectedly disappears. Gino is assigned to find him, setting out on a journey that leads him to discover Spiro's tragic personal history and become intimately acquainted with the full extent of Albanian poverty. Gino's car tires are stolen, while the fancy shoes he gave Spiro are also stolen by children. Gino and Spiro follow a group of Albanians who are headed for Italy in search for a better life, first by truck and later by ship. The Albanian exodus parallels that of Italians for the United States, which is where Spiro believes that they are heading."] ['The film tells the story of Rice\'s life from her birth in 1954 to her 2009 departure from office as Secretary of State, and her return to Stanford University. Rice is a key interviewee in the film: she speaks about her roots in racially explosive Birmingham; her short-lived music career; her fascination with Joseph Stalin and Ronald Reagan; her close friendship with George W. Bush; right up to a defense of her record in government. The film gives voice to numerous supporters of Rice, including both Presidents Bush; her stepmother Clara Bailey Rice; Oprah Winfrey ; mentor and later critic, Brent Scowcroft; her former fiancé, Rick Upchurch; John McCain who praises her as "a great American"; former Secretary of State Henry Kissinger; Dick Cheney; and Arnold Schwarzenegger. The film charts Rice\'s discovery of her love of politics at the University of Denver, and her pursuit and use of power. The title\'s reference to Faust echoes allegations made by various interviewees in the film that she sacrificed her principles in exchange for political power. Author Laura Flanders relates how she rolled back affirmative action policies while Stanford University Provost, and how she was such a loyal board member for Chevron  that they named an oil tanker after her. Her record as National Security Advisor is attacked by CIA Director George Tenet, Counter-Terrorism chief  Richard Clarke and author Philip Shenon. They allege that she ignored various warnings in the spring and summer of 2001 that an Al Qaeda attack was about to happen. Shenon alleges that "it was both incompetence and negligence." Rice responds to these allegations: "I just don\'t buy the argument that we weren\'t shaking the trees enough and that something was gonna to fall out that gave us somehow that little piece of information that would have led to connecting all of those dots."http://newhampshire.bside.com/2009/films/americanfaustfromconditoneocondi_newhampshire2009;jsessionid077a3a36129948628d5dc1b35118546b'] ["The plot centers on students involved in the Soweto Riots, in opposition to the implementation of Afrikaans as the language of instruction in schools. The character Sarafina  feels shame at her mother's  acceptance of her role as domestic servant in a white household in apartheid South Africa, and inspires her peers to rise up in protest, especially after her inspirational teacher, Mary Masombuka  is imprisoned."] ['TV reporter and former star athlete Mickey Almon is covering a World athletic event in Moscow when he is arrested by the KGB after being approached by a scientist wanting him to smuggle secret information out of the Soviet Union. Almon is imprisoned and interrogated over several days by prison official Bukovsky who ultimately forces him to confess to being a spy for the United States. Though promised with release for doing so, Almon is instead transported to a railway station and placed aboard a train on a Stolypin prison car with other political prisoners bound for a labor camp near the Arctic Circle. After arriving, Almon meets a fellow foreign prisoner, a sarcastic Englishman who teaches him how to survive the brutal life of the camp. In time, after learning that his ultimate fate in the camp will eventually be death through hazardous labor, Almon and the Englishman conspire together to plot an escape to Norway.'] ['SourceThe End of Poverty?, Mark Deming, AllRovi.com The aphorism "The poor are always with us" dates back to the New Testament, but while the phrase is still sadly apt in the 21st century, few seem to be able to explain why poverty is so widespread. Activist filmmaker Philippe Diaz examines the history and impact of economic inequality in the third world in The End of Poverty?, and makes the compelling argument that it\'s not an accident or simple bad luck that has created a growing underclass around the world. Diaz traces the growth of global poverty back to colonization in the 15th century, and features interviews with a number of economists, sociologists, and historians who explain how poverty is the clear consequence of free-market economic policies that allow powerful nations to exploit poorer countries for their assets and keep money in the hands of the wealthy rather than distributing it more equitably to the people who have helped them gain their fortunes. Diaz also explores how wealthy nations  seize a disproportionate share of the world\'s natural resources, and how this imbalance is having a dire impact on the environment as well as the economy.'] ["{{plot}} In a restroom in the White House in Washington, D.C., a janitor finds White House secretary Carla Town  dead. Metropolitan Police homicide Detective Harlan Regis , whose apartment house is awaiting demolition in favor of a parking lot, is put on the case. At the White House, Regis is introduced to U.S. Secret Service director Nick Spikings , U.S. National Security Advisor Alvin Jordan  and Secret Service agent Nina Chance . Spikings assigns Nina, a former Olympic gold-class sharpshooter, to keep an eye on Regis. Parallel to this, the White House has to deal with an impending international crisis: U.S. President Jack Neil  has been trying to deal with a situation where Americans are being held hostage in North Korea, and some people - including several members of his inner circle including Vice President Gordon Dylan - think the President is not handling it the right way. Some people think Jack should send troops to North Korea to rescue the hostages. Regis and Nina discover that Carla had an appointment in New York City and a flight from New York to the Virgin Islands, with no intention of returning to the U.S.. Coroner Jimmy Foley ([[Richard Blackburn  then tells Regis and Nina that whoever had sex with Carla on the night of the murder used a condom, meaning that no DNA was left. White House janitor Cory Allen Luchessi  was apparently unaccounted for on the night of the murder and had once attempted to make a pass at Carla; he is arrested and questioned, but his testimony and a clearly set-up piece of evidence lead Regis to suspect that the Secret Service may be involved. That night, Regis finds his apartment burglarized; the culprit escapes, and in a subsequent search, a hidden bug is found. In a picture of Carla, Regis sees Secret Service agent Burton Cash , the Secret Service agent assigned to Kyle Neil , the son of Jack Neil and First Lady Kitty Neil . Regis figures out that it was Kyle who had sex with Carla on the night of the murder. At the dance club, Regis talks to a young woman who says that Kyle once bragged that he shared Carla with his father. Carla's uncle's company, Brookline Associates, is Jack's leading East Coast fundraiser and Brookline also owns the apartment Carla lived in. Regis eventually discovers that Nina once used to be Kyle's bodyguard herself. When he confronts her, Nina explains that one night, she heard noises coming from Kyle's apartment, went in, and found Kyle beating up his girlfriend. Nina asked to be reassigned and was replaced by Burton Cash, and the Secret Service covered up the beating for Kyle so he wouldn't get arrested for assault & battery. This sparks Regis' suspicion that Kyle may actually be Carla's murderer. On the next day, Nina decides to forgo her duty and sneaks into the archive storage where she appropriates several pieces of evidence from Town's leftover possessions. Spikings finds out about this and sends Agent Cooper ([[Tom Wright  to look for Nina, who successfully avoids Cooper. She meets Regis and tells him that Carla, according to a note in an appointment book, had an appointment in New York with Craig Nisker & Associates, who have sold 5 of the top 10 scandal memoirs of all time, and they know that the appointment would be a good motive for Kyle to kill Carla. They also discover that the President and his wife were in the White House at the time of the murder, not at Camp David, like they said they were. Since Jack had also slept with Carla, he would have the same motive Kyle would have for preventing a public scandal. Regis confronts Kyle with his suspicions, who claims that he did not murder Carla, but is able to provide a special piece of information: among the bookings she made, Carla has supposedly also ordered a car - with the only hitch being that she had had no driver's license. Later on, Regis and Nina discover that the most recent entries in Carla's appointment book were forged. With some clues left by Alvin Jordan, Regis manages to find out that Spikings has withheld several surveillance video tapes from the night of the murder. Regis goes to Spikings's residence to question him, and Spikings is willing to show him the tape but is instantly killed by a sniper. Regis and Nina eventually discover that Alvin Jordan is behind everything, but things get the more difficult for them as Jordan has now framed Regis and Nina as traitors. Jordan wants Jack to resign so Dylan  can take over as President, because Dylan would not be afraid to send troops to North Korea to rescue the hostages, and Jordan believes that Jack's refusal to rescue the hostages by force makes Jack unfit to be President. Regis, Nina, and Regis's partner and friend Stengel  enter the White House tunnels while Jordan still tries to make sure Dylan can take over as President. In the tunnels, the sniper who killed Spikings for Jordan pursues them and wounds Stengel, but Nina manages to kill him. Pursued by the Secret Service, Regis just barely manages to get in contact with the President and present him with the evidence of Jordan's conspiracy. Jordan attempts to shoot the President, only for his shot to be intercepted by Nina. Jordan is then killed by the Secret Service. Nina and Stengel are brought to a hospital, where they recover from their injuries. In gratitude for his rescue, the President promises Regis to look into the commission who bought Regis's building."] ['Federal Bureau of Investigation  Special Agent Anthony Hubbard  and his Lebanese-American partner Frank Haddad  are told of a hijacked bus, fully loaded with passengers and containing an apparent explosive device. The bomb turns out to be a paint bomb and the terrorists manage to escape. The FBI receives warnings to release Sheikh Ahmed bin Talal. Hubbard eventually comes into conflict with Central Intelligence Agency agent Elise Kraft . Hubbard takes a terrorist suspect into custody and arrests Kraft. Afterwards another terrorist threat is made and an MTA bus is bombed. When the FBI captures a man named Samir Nazhde he admits to signing the visa application of one of the suicide bombers in the course of signing many applications for student visas in his job as a lecturer. However, Kraft insists that Samir is not a terrorist and that his continued freedom is vital to the investigation. The terrorist incidents begin to escalate. A crowded theater is bombed, a kindergarten is held hostage, and the FBI\'s New York City field office is destroyed with over 600 casualties. In spite of objections, the President of the United States declares martial law and the U.S. Army\'s 101st Airborne Division, under Major General William Devereaux , occupies and seals off Brooklyn in an effort to find the remaining terrorist cells. Subsequently all young males of Arab descent, including Haddad\'s son Frank, Jr., are rounded up and detained in Yankee Stadium. Haddad resigns in anger. New Yorkers stage violent demonstrations against the army and the racial profiling of the Arabs and the Army fights to maintain control. There are reports of Army killings. Hubbard and Kraft, now going by the name Sharon Bridger, continue their investigation and capture a suspect, Tariq Husseini. Devereaux kills Husseini in the course of the interrogation. Afterward, Bridger tells Hubbard that Husseini knew nothing of value because of the principle of compartmentalized information and, sickened, she finally tells Hubbard what she knows. It is revealed that she herself provided training and support to militants opposed to Saddam Hussein\'s regime. After the funding was cut, she took pity on the few of them who had not yet been slaughtered by Hussein\'s forces, and arranged for them to escape to the United States, ultimately leading to the present situation. She and Hubbard compel Samir to arrange a meeting with the final terrorist cell. Hubbard convinces Haddad that he needs his help and Haddad returns to the FBI. A multi-ethnic peace march demonstrates against the occupation of Brooklyn. As the march is getting under way Hubbard and Haddad arrive at the meeting place, but Bridger and Samir have already left. Samir reveals to Bridger that he constitutes the final cell while in another sense he says, "there will never be a last cell." He straps a bomb to his body which he intends to detonate amongst the marchers. Hubbard and Haddad arrive in time to stop him leaving but Samir shoots Bridger in the stomach as she struggles to stop him. Hubbard kills Samir but despite their best efforts he and Haddad can only watch as Bridger succumbs to her wounds after managing to recite certain lines of the second half of The Lord\'s Prayer and concluding with "Insha\'Allah" &mdash; Arabic phrase &mdash; "God Willing". Hubbard, Haddad, and other FBI agents, raid Devereaux\'s headquarters to arrest him for the torture and murder of Husseini. Deveraux insists that under the War Powers Resolution the authority vested in him by the President supersedes that of the court which issued the arrest warrant. He then commands his soldiers to aim their guns at the agents, resulting in a Mexican standoff. Hubbard reminds Devereaux that the civil liberties and human rights which he took from Husseini are what all his predecessors have fought and died for. Devereaux finally submits, and is arrested. Martial law ends and the detainees are freed, including Haddad\'s son.'] ['The film opens with a quote from Vladimir Lenin:  The strength of the working class is organization. Without organization of the masses, the proletarian is nothing. Organized it is everything. Being organized means unity of action, unity of practical activity.{{Harvnb}}, 1:10{{Harvnb|Bordwell|1993|p "Bordwell, p.54" />{{Harvnb}}, 1:58—2:06 The administration is spying on the workers, reviewing a list of agents with vivid code names.{{Harvnb}}, 6:45 Vignettes are shown of them. Conditions are tense with agitators and bolsheviks planning a strike prior to the catalytic event.{{Harvnb}}, 17:45 ;Повод к стачке / Reason to strike A micrometer is stolen, with a value of 25 rubles or 3 weeks pay.{{Harvnb}}, 20:03 A worker, Yakov, is accused of the theft and subsequently hangs himself.{{Harvnb}}, 22:42 Fighting ensues and work stops. The workers leave the milling room running and resistance is met at the foundry. The strikers throw rocks and loose metal through the foundry windows. Then locked within the gates of the complex, the crowd confronts the office. They force open the gates and seize a manager carting him off in a wheel barrow dumping them down a hill into the water.{{Harvnb}}, 32:40 The crowd disperses.  ;Завод замер / The factory dies down The chapter begins with footage of ducklings, kittens, piglets, and geese.{{Harvnb}}, 34:40 A child then wakes his father for work ironically with no work to do, they laugh and frolic. The factory is shown vacant and still with birds moving in. The children act out what their fathers had done, wheelbarrowing a goat in a mob. The owner is frustrated by orders arriving and the frozen plant. Demands are formulated: an 8 hour work day,{{Harvnb}}, 39:23 fair treatment by the administration,{{Harvnb}}, 39:34 30% wage increases,{{Harvnb}}, 39:43 and a 6 hour day for minors.{{Harvnb}}, 41:14 The shareholders get involved with the director and read the demands. They discuss dismissively while smoking cigars and having drinks. Presumably on the orders of the shareholders, the police raid the workers,{{Harvnb}}, 43:30 and they sit down to protest. At their meeting the shareholders use the demand letter as a rag to clean up a spill,{{Harvnb}}, 45:40 and a lemon squeezer metaphorically{{Harvnb}} represents the pressure the stockholders intend to apply to the strikers. ;Стачка затягивается / The strike draws out  Scenes are shown of a line forming at a store which is closed, and a baby needing food.{{Harvnb}}, 49:05 A fight occurs at a home between a man and a woman, subsequently she leaves. Another man rummages through his home for goods to sell at a flea market, upsetting his family.{{Harvnb}}, 50:52 A posted letter publicly shows the administrators rejection of the demands. Using a hidden camera in a pocket watch, a spy named "Owl" photographs someone stealing the letter.{{Harvnb}}, 57:04 The pictures are transferred to another spy. The man is beaten, captured, and beaten again.{{Harvnb}}, 101:11 ;Провокация на разгром / Provocation and debacle The scene opens with dead cats dangling from a structure.{{Harvnb}}, 1:05:55 A character is introduced, "King" whose throne is made of a derelict automobile amidst rubbish, and who leads a community that lives in enormous barrels buried with only their top openings above ground.{{Harvnb}}, 1:08:30 After a deal with a tsarist police agent, "King" hires a few provocateurs from among his community to set fire, raze, and loot a liquor store.{{Harvnb}}, 1:13:38 A crowd gathers at the fire and the alarm is sounded. The crowd leaves to avoid being provoked but are set upon by the firemen with their hoses regardless.{{Harvnb}}, 1:18:30 ;Ликвидация / Extermination The governor sends in the military. A child walks under the soldiers\' horses and his mother goes under to get him and is struck.{{Harvnb}}, 1:24:18 Rioting commences, and the crowd is chased off through a series of gates and barriers heading to the forge, then their apartments. The crowd is chased and whipped on the balconies. A policeman raises and drops a child from the balcony, killing it.{{Harvnb}}, 1:29:52 The workers are driven into a field by the army and shot en masse.{{Harvnb}}, 1:33:00 this is shown with alternating footage of the slaughtering of a cow.'] ['An Iranian physician, Sayed Bozorg "Moody" Mahmoody  desires to visit his family in Iran and asks his American wife, Betty  and their daughter Mahtob to join him, as they have never met Betty or Mahtob. However, after spending two weeks in Iran, Moody reveals that he has been fired from the clinic for racial reasons and wishes for them to stay in Iran. Betty disagrees, and Moody suddenly becomes domineering and violent, taking advantage of Islamic Laws to torment Betty whenever she disagrees with him, and forbidding her from leaving the house and using the telephone. Betty briefly manages to visit the American Interests Division of the Swiss Embassy, but she is told that she has effectively been stripped of her American citizenship and is now an Iranian citizen for marrying an Iranian. Knowing that her chances of escaping are limited, Betty plays the part of devout Muslim wife to gain Moody and his family\'s trust. During a trip to the market, a sympathetic shopkeeper overhears her speaking to the Embassy on the telephone and puts her in contact with a friendly smuggler, Hossein , who offers Betty and Mahtob safe passage through the Persian Gulf. Due to the Iran-Iraq war, the Gulf becomes too dangerous, so Hossein books a flight back to America for Betty and Mahtob. However, Betty receives word that her father is critically ill and may die soon. Moody, who by now trusts Betty fully, gives his permission to return to see him, but will not allow her to take Mahtob with her. Furthermore, Moody books a flight for Betty a few days before the one scheduled by Hossein, complicating things more. Finally, the night before Betty\'s flight to America, Moody receives a call from his clinic requesting him to return for emergency treatment. As this may be her last chance to escape with Mahtob, Betty feigns going out with Mahtob to get some presents for her father and meets up with Hossein and his sister. Under Hossein\'s advice, Betty calls Moody and pretends to agree to meet him with a lawyer the next day so as to stall him. Hossein sends Betty and Mahtob off with the smugglers, and using fake IDs and documents, make their way past the checkpoints. Despite the difficult journey, in which one smuggler demands Betty\'s jewellery as payment and later attempts to rape her, only to be sent away by the other smuggler, Betty and Mahtob are finally dropped off in Turkey, the remaining smuggler returning their things to them as a sign of apology. Weary from the long trip, Betty and Mahtob see the American Embassy in the distance.'] [';Prologue A young woman, Blanca Trueba , arrives at a house with an old man, whom she leads inside to a chair. The old man asks to be alone. The young woman sits down on the stairs, close to where a little girl is playing, and starts remembering her life. ;Clara and Esteban Blanca\'s mother, Clara del Valle , knew she was in love with Esteban Trueba the first time she saw him, even though she was still a child. Esteban Trueba  had come to propose to Clara\'s sister, Rosa del Valle. Esteban left his fiancée with her family to earn money for their wedding. Clara has special psychic powers and can sometimes foresee the future. One day, she has a vision and tells her sister Rosa that there will be a death in the family. The next day, Rosa dies after drinking poison intended for her father, Senator Severo. Clara blames herself for her sister\'s death, and after watching her sister\'s autopsy, decides never to speak again. Esteban arrives heartbroken at the funeral. At home, his sister, Férula , confronts him saying that he has to work to support her and their sick mother. Esteban leaves for his newly bought hacienda, Tres Marías. He finds many natives living on his land and tells them to work for him for food and shelter. For the next twenty years, Esteban makes Tres Marías an example of a successful Hacienda. He spends some nights with Tránsito, a prostitute (María Conchita Alonso, to whom he borrows money so she can start a new career in the capital. One day he rapes a peasant girl, Pancha García , who works for him. Twenty years later, Esteban receives a letter stating his mother has died. After her funeral, Esteban decides to ask for Clara\'s hand, despite Férula protests that Clara is too sickly and will not take care of him properly. When he shows up at the Del Valle family\'s house, Clara asks him right away if he has come to ask her to marry him, thus speaking again for the first time in twenty years. Esteban confirms he is there to marry Clara. Férula meets Clara at a coffee shop to talk to her about her own future, and Clara, sensing Férula\'s worries, promises her that she can live with her and Esteban in Tres Marías after the wedding and the two will be like sisters. Férula is overwhelmed with happiness, realising she has found a friend in her new sister-in-law, the first person who has been actually kind to her. Sometime later, Férula goes to church to confess that she has strange feelings for Clara. She reports uneasiness when Clara sleeps with Esteban, and also fierce dedication to her sister-in-law. She realises that she is feeling much more for Clara than she should. Esteban senses this and is resentful of Férula\'s interference in his family. Clara\'s parents are killed in a terrible accident on the way to visit their pregnant daughter. Soonafter, Clara gives birth to a girl as she predicted, and names her Blanca. Some years later, Pancha García appears at the family house with her and Esteban\'s bastard teenage son, Esteban García. She asks for money and tells Esteban Trueba that he cannot get rid of her and his son. Esteban Trueba is very annoyed and goes back to play with Blanca . Esteban García comes back to the house later when no one is looking. He finds the child Blanca and begins to molest her. Férula calls Blanca\'s name and Esteban García runs away. Clara has been giving classes to the peasant children and Blanca. Pedro Tercero, the little son of the peasant Segundo at Tres Marias befriends Blanca, and after school she goes out to play with him. The two are gone for hours, and Esteban Trueba, Férula, and Clara start worrying. The two children are eventually found playing in the lagoon. Esteban Trueba does not like that his daughter is playing with a peasant boy and decides to send Blanca to a boarding school. ;Blanca and Pedro Tercero After graduating from school, Blanca returns home to Tres Marías. That night she goes out to the lagoon and meets a grown up Pedro Tercero , and they talk and kiss. That same night, while Esteban attends a political party, there is an earthquake, he worries about Clara and Blanca and drives all the way to Tres Marías and finds that Férula has climbed into bed with Clara. He is so angry that he throws Férula out of the house telling her never to step close to his family again. Clara overhears him threatening his sister and feels sad and disappointed. Sometime later, Esteban brings the French Count Jean de Satigny  to his home intending to arrange a marriage between him and Blanca. Clara senses that the French "nobleman" is a fraud while reading cards but Esteban dismisses her as folly. While Satigny is still visiting, Esteban catches Pedro preaching revolutionary ideas to the peasant people, and punishes him with a fierce whipping and banishing him from Tres Marías. That night at dinner, Férula suddenly appears in the house, kisses Clara on the forehead and leaves again. Clara tells the rest of the family that Férula is dead. Clara and Esteban drive into town to Férula\'s modest house, where they find her dead on the bed. Pedro has returned to Tres Marías and talks to the peasants about their rights and nearly gets shot by Esteban. That night, the Count Jean de Satigny, who is visiting again, watches Blanca and Pedro meeting secretly at the lagoon. He reveals Blanca\'s lover to her father who immediately drags Blanca back to the house. Esteban promises to kill Pedro. When Clara tries to persuade him against violence, Esteban hits his wife and she falls. When Clara rises, she coldly tells him that she will never speak to him again. Clara moves with Blanca to her parents\' house in the capital. Now alone in Tres Marías, Esteban blames Pedro for everything, and offers a reward to anyone who will lead him to Pedro\'s hiding place. Esteban García  takes him to where Pedro is hiding and Esteban tries to kill him, but he is unsuccessful. When García asks for his reward, Esteban Trueba replies that traitors do not get rewards, and García walks away in anger. After Blanca discovers she is pregnant, Esteban tries to force a wedding between Count Jean de Satigny and Blanca, so as to not have any bastards in the family. He tries to convince his daughter by telling her that Pedro Tercero is dead. Blanca angrily refuses, but her mother eventually comforts her by telling her that Pedro is still alive. ;Revolution Some years later, Esteban is busy with his political career, but as an old man he is lonely and finds comfort in the arms of Tránsito, who has actually raised in her profession and is now in a position to pay back Esteban for some money that he lent her, but he prefers to collect the favor another time. He comes to Clara\'s house to apologize and asks her if he can stay with her and to show him his granddaughter Alba whom he has never seen before. Although he moves in with them, Clara still does not talk to him and he constantly keeps feuding with Blanca. While the family is celebrating Alba\'s birthday, Esteban García arrives at their home. Blanca does not recognize the man who abused her as a child. García tells Esteban Trueba that his mother is dead and asks to help him get into the military academy, reminding him of the reward he never received. Trueba writes him a cheque. During the national election, Esteban believes his Conservative Party will win as usual, but the People\'s Front ends up winning control of the government. While Esteban grieves, Blanca goes out on the street to celebrate and to meet Pedro. The two kiss and celebrate together for the rest of the night. A few days later, Pedro is able to meet his daughter Alba for the first time with her mother at an ice-cream parlour. Blanca and Pedro are able to meet regularly now, and things seem to be perfect. Their happiness, however, is short-lived. While Clara are setting up their Christmas tree, she feels she is leaving this world and decides to prepare for death. She gives Alba her notebooks and jewelry to give to Blanca. Kissing Alba goodbye, Clara dies. When Blanca and Esteban arrive home, Alba tells them of Clara\'s death, and the three of them hug and cry together. Meanwhile, a conspiracy between some Conservative Party members and the military leads to a coup d\'état, and the military takes control of the country. At first Esteban believes it is good for the country and that the military will hand power back to the Conservative Party, but he soon learns that the military have other plans. Under the control of the military, people associated with the People\'s Party are captured and even killed. Blanca is highly involved and eventually the police come to arrest her for being with Pedro Tercero. Blanca quiclky reveals to her father that Pedro has been hiding in their house\'s cellar and begs him to help Pedro get out of the country. In the coming days, Blanca is tortured and abused by her half-brother Esteban García, now an important member of the military. She nevertheless refuses to reveal Pedro\'s whereabouts. She is put in a cell where Clara\'s spirit appears to tell her not to wish for death. Meanwhile, Esteban honours his daughter\'s wishes and helps Pedro Tercero find exile in Canada. Esteban then tries to free his daughter from prison, turning to Tránsito, now and influential Madam with lots of connections, who helps free Blanca. One morning a beaten and dirty Blanca arrives at her home. Esteban is shocked to see his daughter in such a state and her wish for revenge against the military, and understands for the first time the consequences of his political actions. ;Epilogue Blanca and Esteban return to Tres Marías with Alba. Esteban is finally visited by Clara\'s spirit who has come to help the old man to the next world. Afterwards, Blanca sits outside and ponders her life, in which she gives up her attempt for revenge and now focuses on Pedro and her daughter Alba. She watches Alba playing in the front door with the leaves swirling in the wind.'] ['Billy Jack  goes to court facing an involuntary manslaughter charge stemming from events in the earlier film. He is found guilty and sentenced to a prison term. Meanwhile, the kids at the Freedom School—an experimental school for runaways and troubled youth on a Native American reservation in Arizona—vow to rebuild the school. They raise funds and acquire a new building, eventually starting their own newspaper and television station. Inspired by Nader\'s Raiders, they begin using the newspaper and TV station to conduct investigative reporting, angering several politicians and townspeople in the process with their exposes. The school\'s activities range from having their own search and rescue team, to artistic endeavors such as a marching band and belly dancing. This culminates with the school hosting a large marching band contest and arts festival, which they call "1984 is Closer Than You Think", to raise money for the school. Midway through the film, Billy Jack is released from prison and, trying to reconnect with his spiritual beliefs, begins a series of lengthy vision quests. He gets involved in a radical group on the reservation which is trying to oppose the federal de-recognition of their tribe and the turning of their tribal lands over to local developers. When one of the tribal members is arrested for poaching deer on what was formerly tribal land, the school comes to his defense. The school begins to hold hearings on Native rights and child abuse. One of the children at the school was abused by his father who cut off his hand in a fit of rage, and the school defies a court order to turn the boy back over to his father. The FBI begins visiting the school and taps their phones. As tensions mount between the school and the people in the nearby town, a mysterious explosion at the school knocks their television station off the air. The Governor calls a state of emergency and mobilizes the National Guard, and a curfew is established in town. The students respond by holding a parade in the town in violation of the curfew. On the way back to the school their bus breaks down and local townspeople confront the students and threaten to set their bus on fire. Billy Jack shows up during the incident to protect the students, and then comes to the rescue of a tribal member who is being harassed and beaten at a local dance in town. Near the end of the film, the National Guard is stationed around the school and is ordered to open fire on the students, killing four and wounding dozens more. The entire story is told in flashbacks by Jean Roberts , a teacher at the school, from her hospital bed after the shooting incident. The violence in the finale is a symbolic bookend to the massacre of Vietnamese civilians seen in the beginning of the film. During Billy\'s trial, he mentions the 1968 My Lai massacre and recalls, in a flashback scene, witnessing a similar incident while serving in Vietnam. This scene also reveals one glaring continuity error. In all four films, Billy Jack is described as an ex-Green Beret  soldier, yet in the flashback he and his fellow soldiers all have 101st Airborne Division shoulder patches on their uniforms. In the DVD audio commentary, Laughlin mentions he also wanted the bloody, disturbing finale to represent all the shooting incidents at college campuses  where police and National Guardsmen fired upon students during anti-war protest rallies.'] ['Babel focuses on four interrelated sets of situations and characters, and many events are revealed out of sequence. The following plot summary has been simplified, and thus does not reflect the exact sequence of the events on screen.  In a remote desert location in southern Morocco, Abdullah, a goatherder, buys a high-powered .270 Winchester M70 rifle and a box of ammunition from his neighbor Hassan Ibrahim to shoot the jackals that have been preying on his goats. Abdullah gives the rifle to his two young sons, Yussef and Ahmed , and sends them out to tend the herd. The film has already established that there is a degree of competitiveness between the two brothers. The older is critical of the younger for spying on his sister while she changes her clothes . Competing between themselves and doubtful of the rifle\'s purported three-kilometer range, they decide to test it out, aiming first at rocks, a moving car on a highway below, and then at a bus carrying Western tourists on the same highway traveling in the opposite direction to the car. Yussef\'s bullet hits the bus, critically wounding Susan Jones , an American woman from San Diego Rolling Stone reviewThe location of the home is identified as "Los Angeles" in the Japanese website . Go to gallery and you will see "Los Angeles" who is traveling with her husband Richard Jones  on vacation. The two boys realize what has happened and flee the scene, hiding the rifle in the hills that night. Glimpses of television news programs reveal that the US government holds the shooting to be a terrorist act and is pressuring the Moroccan government to apprehend the culprits. Having traced the rifle back to Hassan, the Moroccan police descend quickly on his house and roughly question him and his wife until they reveal that the rifle was given to him by a Japanese man, and then sold to Abdullah. The two boys see the police on the road and confess to their father what they have done.  The three flee from their house, retrieving the rifle as they go. The police corner them on the rocky slope of a hill and open fire. After his brother is hit in the leg, Yussef returns fire, striking one police officer in the shoulder. The police continue shooting, eventually hitting Ahmed in the back, possibly fatally injuring him. As his father rages with grief, Yussef eventually surrenders and confesses to all the crimes, begging clemency for his family and medical assistance for his brother. The police take him into custody. The family\'s fate is unresolved. The movie\'s first plot is interspersed with scenes of Richard and Susan. They came on vacation in Morocco to get away from things and mend their own marital woes. The death of their infant third child to SIDS has strained their marriage significantly as they struggle to communicate their frustration, guilt, and blame. When Susan is shot on the tour bus, Richard orders the bus driver to the nearest village with a doctor . There a local veterinarian sews up the wound to stem the loss of blood. The other tourists wait for some time, but they eventually demand to leave, fearing the heat and worried that they may be the target of further attacks. Since Susan cannot travel by bus in her condition, Richard threatens the tour group to wait for the ambulance, which never arrives, and eventually the bus leaves without them while Richard is on the phone. The couple remains behind with the bus\'s tour guide, Anwar, still waiting for transport to a hospital . Political issues between the US and Morocco prevent quick help, but a helicopter comes at last. After five days in the hospital, Susan recovers and is sent home.  Simultaneously, the movie tells the story of Chieko Wataya , a rebellious, deaf Japanese teenage girl, traumatized by the recent suicide of her mother. She is bitter towards her father, Yasujiro Wataya  and boys her age, and is sexually frustrated. She starts exhibiting sexually provocative behavior, partly in response to dismissive comments from a member of her volleyball team. While out with friends, Chieko finds a teenage boy attractive, and following an unsuccessful attempt at socialising, takes off her panties and exposes herself in an act combining flirtation and contempt. Chieko eventually encounters two police detectives who question her about her father. She finds one of the detectives, Kenji Mamiya , attractive. She invites Mamiya back to the apartment she shares with her father. Wrongly supposing that the detectives are investigating her father\'s involvement in her mother\'s suicide, she explains to Mamiya that her father was asleep when her mother jumped off the balcony and that she witnessed this herself. It turns out the detectives are, in fact, investigating a hunting trip Yasujiro took in Morocco. Yasujiro is an avid hunter and during a trip in Morocco he gave his rifle, as a gift, to his very skilled hunting guide, Hassan, who at the beginning of the film sold the rifle to Abdullah. Soon after learning this, Chieko reveals her real motive in inviting Mamiya to her home. She approaches him nude and attempts to seduce him. He resists her approaches but comforts her as she bursts into tears. Before he leaves, Chieko writes him a note, indicating that she does not want him to read it until he is gone. Leaving, the detective crosses paths with Yasujiro and explains the situation with the rifle. Yasujiro replies that he did indeed give it as a gift; there was no black market involvement. About to depart, Mamiya offers condolences for the wife\'s suicide. Yasujiro, though, is confused by the mention of a balcony and angrily replies that "My wife shot herself in the head. Chieko was the first to find the body. I\'ve explained this to the police many times." Chieko is leaning on the balcony  when her father enters the apartment. After leaving, the detective stops at a bar to read Chieko\'s note. Within the film, the note\'s contents are never revealed.  A third subplot takes place in the Americas where Richard and Susan\'s Mexican nanny, Amelia  tends their twin children in their California home while they are in Morocco. When Richard and Susan are detained because of Susan\'s injury, Amelia is forced to take care of the children longer than planned and becomes worried that she will miss her son\'s wedding. Unable to secure any other help to care for them, she calls Richard for advice, who impatiently tells her to cancel the wedding. Without his permission Amelia decides to take the children with her to the wedding in a rural community near Tijuana, Mexico, rather than miss it. Her nephew Santiago  offers to take her and the twins to the wedding. They cross the border uneventfully and the children are soon confronted by the Mexican culture and street scene. The revelry of the wedding extends well into the evening, but rather than staying the night in Mexico with the children, Amelia decides to drive back to the States with Santiago. He has been drinking heavily and the border guards become suspicious of his behavior and over the American children in the car. Amelia has passports for all four travelers, but no letter of consent from the children\'s parents allowing her to take them out of the United States. Intoxicated, Santiago trespasses the border. He soon abandons Amelia and the children in the desert, attempting to lead off the police . Stranded without food and water, Amelia and the children are forced to spend the night in the desert. Realizing that they will all die if she cannot get help, Amelia leaves the children behind to find someone, ordering them not to move. She eventually finds a U.S. Border Patrol officer. After placing Amelia under arrest, she and the officer travel back to where she had left the children, but they are not there. Amelia is taken back to a Border Patrol station, where she is eventually informed that the children have been found and that Richard, while very furious and outraged, has agreed not to press charges. However, she must be deported from the US where she has been working illegally. Her protests that she had been in the US for 16 years and has looked after the children  for the duration of their lives do not secure lenient treatment. Near the end of the movie, the audience sees her meeting her son on the Mexican side of the Tijuana crossing, still in the red dress she wore for the wedding, now torn and dirty from her night in the desert. At the end of the movie, a phone conversation between Amelia and Richard is repeated from Richard\'s end of the phone. This is the original phone call at the beginning of Amelia\'s story. In this conversation it can be heard that he is allowing Amelia to go to her son\'s wedding because Susan\'s sister will be able to watch the twins. It is not until the next morning on another phone call they learn that Susan\'s sister cannot take care of them and thus Amelia is forced to take the children with her.'] ["In the winter of 1937, the Japanese army occupied Nanking and killed over 200,000 and raped tens of thousands of Chinese people, one of human history's worst atrocities. In order to protect Chinese civilians, a small group of European and American expatriates, Western missionaries, professors, and businessmen banded together to save 250,000, risking their own lives. The film describes the Nanking Massacre by reading from letters and diaries which shows the activities of John Rabe , a German businessman, Robert O. Wilson , the only surgeon remaining to care for legions of victims, and Minnie Vautrin , an educator who passionately defends the lives and honor of Nanking's women during the war time. The film includes survivors who tell their own stories, the archival footage of the events, and the testimonies of Japanese soldiers who participated in the rampage."] ["{{Plot|dateMexico storylineWakefield storylineAyala/DEA storyline A third story is set in San Diego, where an undercover DEA investigation led by Montel Gordon  and Ray Castro  leads to the arrest of Eduardo Ruiz , a high-stakes dealer posing as a fisherman. Ruiz decides to take the dangerous road to immunity by giving up his boss: drug lord Carlos Ayala , the biggest distributor for the Obregón brothers in the United States. Ayala is indicted by a tough prosecutor, hand-selected by Robert to send a message to the Mexican drug organizations. As the trial against Carlos Ayala begins, his pregnant wife Helena  learns of her husband's true profession. Facing the prospect of life imprisonment for her husband and death threats against her only child, Helena decides to hire Flores to assassinate Eduardo Ruiz; she knows killing Ruiz will effectively end the trial nolle prosequi. Flores plants a car bomb on a DEA car in an assassination attempt against Ruiz. Shortly after planting the bomb, Flores is assassinated by a sniper in retaliation for his co-operation with General Salazar; the car bomb kills Castro, but Gordon and Ruiz survive. Helena, knowing Ruiz is soon scheduled to testify, makes a deal with Juan Obregón , lord of the drug cartel, who forgives the debt of the Ayala family and has Ruiz poisoned. Ayala is released, much to the dissatisfaction of Gordon, who is still angry over the death of his partner. Soon after the release, Gordon bursts into the Ayala home and surreptitiously plants a listening bug under his desk and leaves."] ['The story takes place in a small provincial town on the Great Hungarian Plain. The weather is bitterly cold  but no snow has fallen. Despite this, hundreds of bewildered men stand around a circus trailer  in the main square, waiting to see the main attraction — the stuffed carcass of a whale. The men composing this faceless, ragged crowd have come from distant parts of the country as well as neighbouring settlements, and the strange state of affairs — the presence of strangers, the extreme cold — is disturbing the order of the small town. Relationships are changing, and some ambitious people feel they can take advantage of the situation; while others who are more passive fall into even deeper uncertainty. The unbearable tension is brought to a head by the figure of the Prince, a disfigured, Slovak-speaking figure, who is hiding behind the whale; his mere appearance is enough to unleash destructive emotions. The ensuing apocalypse spares no one.'] ['Broadcast in the year 2008, the film is presented in a TV documentary style format, combining talking head interviews, news coverage clips and video surveillance footage surrounding the assassination of U.S. President George W. Bush in Chicago around a year earlier on 19 October 2007. The president is fatally shot by a sniper after he addresses an economic forum at the Chicago Sheraton Hotel, before which an anti-war rally had taken place. News outlets immediately begin reporting on the incident along with its political ramifications. After authorities earlier arrest and interrogate war-protesting detainees such as Frank Molini  and Samir Masri ; an IT professional of Syrian origin, Jamal Abu Zikri , becomes the prime suspect. Vice President Dick Cheney, now president, uses the possible al-Qaeda relationship in connection with the suspected assassin, Zikri, to push his own domestic political security agenda. He calls for the legislation of PATRIOT Act III, trying to increase the investigative powers of the FBI, the police, and other government agencies over U.S. citizens and resident aliens as he contemplates attacking Syria. As his wife Zahra  listens to the verdict with family attorney Dawn Norton  in a packed courtroom, Zikri is convicted of killing the U.S. President and sentenced to death based upon dubious forensic evidence. Meanwhile, a new report which surfaces, substantiated by interviews with Marianne Claybon , indicates that the perpetrator is most likely her husband Al Claybon , a veteran of the 1991 Persian Gulf War, who lived in Rock Island, Illinois, and who also was the father of David Claybon, a U.S. soldier recently killed in the Iraq War. The assassin, who blames President Bush for the death of his son, killed himself after Bush\'s assassination. Claybon\'s suicide note, addressed to a second son, Casey Claybon , an Iraq War veteran living in Chicago who was previously considered as a suspect, reads: {{cquote}} Ten months after President Bush\'s assassination, Zikri remains on death row at the Stateville Correctional Center, because government officials are deliberately delaying his legal appeal. Moreover, in his dead father\'s Rock Island house, Casey Claybon finds evidence of his father\'s planning of the shooting. The most incriminating piece of evidence is a copy of a top secret presidential itinerary outlining, to the minute, President Bush\'s Chicago whereabouts on 19 October 2007. The news report ends while the U.S. Government continues investigating how presidential assassin Al Claybon obtained that top secret document. The final closing titles of the film inform the viewer that President Cheney\'s USA PATRIOT Act III, was signed into permanent law in the U.S., stating the following: "It has granted investigators unprecedented powers of detention and surveillance, and further expanded the powers of the executive branch".'] ["The story takes place in the early 1970s in Chicago. The CIA has been required for political reasons to recruit African-Americans for training. Only one of them, Dan Freeman ([[Lawrence Cook , secretly a black nationalist, successfully completes the training process. He becomes the first black man in the agency and is given a desk job—Top Secret Reproduction Center Sections Chief . Freeman understands that he is the token black person in the CIA, and that the CIA defines his function as providing proof of the agency's supposed commitment to integration and progress. Therefore, after completing his training in guerrilla warfare techniques, weaponry, communications and subversion, Freeman puts in just enough time to avoid raising any suspicions about his motives before he resigns from the CIA and returns to work in the social services in Chicago. Upon his return, Freeman immediately begins recruiting young black men living in the inner city of Chicago to become “Freedom Fighters” teaching them all of the guerrilla warfare tactics that he learned from the CIA. They become a guerrilla group with Freeman as the secret leader. The “Freedom Fighters” set out to ensure that black people truly live freely within the United States by partaking in both violent and non-violent actions throughout Chicago. The “Freedom Fighters” of Chicago begin spreading the word about their guerrilla warfare tactics across the United States; as Freeman says, “What we got now is a colony, what we want is a new nation.” As revolt and a war of liberation continues in the inner city of Chicago, the National Guard and the police desperately try to stop the “freedom fighters.” The film provides discussions about black militancy and the violent reactions that took place by white America in response to the progress of the Civil Rights Movement."] ['The film is set in the 1920s during the period of growing influence of the Indian independence movement in the British Raj. Adela Quested  and Mrs. Moore  sail from England to India, where Ronny Heaslop , the older woman\'s son and younger woman\'s fiancé, is the local magistrate in the provincial town of Chandrapore. Through school superintendent Richard Fielding , the two visitors meet eccentric elderly Brahmin scholar Professor Godbole , and they befriend Dr. Aziz Ahmed , an impoverished widower who initially meets Mrs. Moore in a moonlit mosque overlooking the Ganges River. Their sensitivity and unprejudiced attitude toward native Indians endears them to him. When Mrs. Moore and Adela express an interest in seeing the "real" India, as opposed to the Anglicised environment of cricket, polo, and afternoon tea the British expatriates have created for themselves, Aziz offers to host an excursion to the remote Marabar Caves. The outing goes reasonably well until the two women begin exploring the caves with Aziz and his sizable entourage. Mrs. Moore experiences an overwhelming sense of claustrophobia that forces her to return to the open air. She encourages Adela and Aziz to continue their exploration but suggests they take only one guide. The three set off for a series of caves far removed from the rest of the group, and before entering, Aziz steps aside to smoke a cigarette. He returns to find Adela has disappeared; shortly after he sees her running headlong down the hill, bloody and dishevelled. Upon their return to town, Aziz is jailed to await trial for attempted rape, and an uproar ensues between the Indians and the Colonials. The case becomes a cause celebre among the British. When Mrs. Moore makes it clear she firmly believes in Aziz\'s innocence and will not testify against him, it is decided she should return to England. She subsequently suffers a fatal heart attack during the voyage and is buried at sea. To the consternation of her fiancé and friends, Adela has a change of heart and clears Aziz in open court. The Colonials are forced to make an ignominious retreat while the Indians carry the exonerated man out of the courtroom on their shoulders, cheering wildly. Fielding looks after Adela as she has no one else to turn to. In the aftermath, Miss Quested breaks off her engagement and leaves India, while Dr. Aziz, feeling betrayed by his friend Fielding, abandons his Western attire, dons traditional dress, and withdraws completely from Anglo-Indian society, opening a clinic in Northern India, in Kashmir near the Himalayas. Although he remains angry and bitter for years, he eventually reconciles with Fielding and writes to Adela to convey his thanks and forgiveness.'] ["An arrogant wealthy capitalist named Raffaella  is vacationing on a yacht in the Mediterranean Sea with friends—swimming, sunbathing, and talking incessantly about the virtues of her class and the worthlessness of the political left. Her nonstop political monologue infuriates one of the underclass deckhands on her yacht, Gennarino , a dedicated Communist who manages to restrain his opinions to avoid upsetting his boss and losing his good job. Despite her humiliating insults, Gennarino agrees to take her out on a dinghy late in the evening to see the rest of her friends who have gone ahead without her. On their way, the outboard motor gives out, leaving them stranded in the middle of the sea with no land in sight. After a night at sea, Gennarino manages to get the motor running again but has no idea where they are or how to get to land. Eventually they spot an island and head toward it, destroying their dinghy in the process. On land, they discover that there is no one on the island except them, and they are effectively shipwrecked. Accustomed to having everything done for her, Raffaella begins ordering Gennarino about, but this is the final straw for him and he snaps, refusing to assist her any longer. Raffaella reacts with a string of insults, but he gives as good as he gets, and they split up to explore the island on their own. Much better suited to island life than Raffaella, Gennarino is soon catching lobsters and cooking them. Gradually their roles become reversed. While she has to rely on him for food, Gennarino wants her to be his slave, convinced that women are born to serve men. He even forces her to endure the indignity of washing his underwear. When she reacts in angry defiance, he slaps her around. Undeniably attracted to Raffaella, Gennarino attempts to rape her, but then changes his mind, deciding that it would be more satisfying if she gave herself to him willingly. He wants her to fall in love with him, and as their differences are gradually forgotten, they reach a kind of balance, although Gennarino still hits her and she takes the more subservient role. Eventually they spot a ship, and although they are both reluctant to disrupt their newfound paradise, they signal the ship and are rescued. After returning home, they soon revert back to their former lives and social roles—she once again embracing the upper class mores of her friends; he returning to a life of a lower-class worker and husband. They both understand something profound and unsettling about what they've experienced, but Raffaella is unwilling to abandon the society of privilege that has such a strong hold on her. Abandoned by the object of his desires, Gennarino returns defeated to his sad life and loveless marriage—far removed from an idyllic island in the Mediterranean Sea."] ['On August 2, 1990, with Iraqi forces and tanks roll into Kuwait City, as the Iraqi invasion of Kuwait begins. In Atlanta, CNN picks Robert Wiener  and his crew to go to Baghdad and cover the invasion. At Rome International Airport, Wiener meets his colleague and producer Ingrid Formanek . Wiener and his crew arrive in Baghdad on August 23, and stay at the Al-Rasheed Hotel. As they settle in their hotel rooms, they notice that they are being monitored. The crew report their first story on a young British boy held as a hostage by Saddam Hussein . As they continue to report stories, they get pressured by the Iraqi government. Wiener later meets the Iraqi Minister of Information Naji Al Hadithi , and requests pieces of equipment and an interview with Hussein. As the movie goes on, Wiener and Al Hadithi become friends. Wiener and his crew get access to interview Americans forced to stay in the country by the Iraqi government. The Iraqis use the American hostages as human shields for potential bombing sites. After Wiener\'s crew interview an American named Bob Vinton , Vinton goes missing. Wiener becomes worried about Vinton. Later, Al Hadithi gives CBS and Dan Rather the Saddam Hussein interview. Instead of the Hussein interview, Al Hadithi gives Wiener and his crew a trip to Kuwait. They arrive in Jahra Air Force Base, Kuwait on October 17. The crew cover the incubator story in three hospitals, but then Iraqis call off the interviews because the CNN crew broke some ground rules. As soon as they arrive back in Baghdad, Wiener and the crew become the story as the only Americans to be in Kuwait. After an argument between Wiener and Al Hadithi, Al Hadithi agrees to give CNN a Saddam Hussein interview. On October 29, Bernard Shaw  and the CNN crew interview Saddam Hussein at one of his presidential palaces. In the interview, Hussein states that Iraq withdrawing from Kuwait would be like the U.S. withdrawing from Hawaii. The crew then covers the release of American hostages from Iraq. Wiener then finds Bob Vinton and is emotionally moved by his being safe. The United Nations gives Iraq until January 15, 1991 to withdraw from Kuwait, or face military action. As the deadline comes to an end the crew sees that the Iraqi Army is installing anti-aircraft guns in Baghdad. The crew then gets a piece of equipment called the four-wire, which gives them communications to CNN in Atlanta. The four-wire is essentially a direct phone line to their CNN facility in Jordan. From that point it can hit the satellite above and then go to Atlanta, CNN headquarters. The Iraqis eventually find out that the crew have established communication with Atlanta. The CNN crew is the only foreign news group with the four wire. On January 9, the crew eventually believe that there will be war. Bernard Shaw arrives in Baghdad again on January 13 to interview Saddam Hussein again at the deadline. As soon as the deadline expires, streets in Baghdad are empty and businesses are shut down. Americans and foreign news groups begin evacuating Baghdad on January 15 in fear of American bombing strikes. Wiener decides to stay, and some members of the crew decide to leave. At around 3 a.m. on January 17, U.S. F-117 Nighthawk Stealth Fighters begin to bomb Baghdad. Iraqi soldiers begin to fire anti-aircraft guns into the sky to shoot down the bombers. As soon as the bombing strikes begin, CNN correspondents Bernard Shaw , John Holliman  and Peter Arnett  begin to report and describe the bombings on the four-wire communicator. The reports are broadcasted live on CNN in America. The film shows the points of view from Saddam Hussein and U.S. President George H. W. Bush watching the CNN reports. It also intersperses actual archival footage of news anchors from rival networks, having to report off CNN\'s live feed, since CNN was the only news source transmitting during the bombing of Bagdad. Other archival footage is of Dick Cheney, during a news conference as Bush\'s Defense Secretary, stating "The best coverage I\'ve seen of what transpired in Baghdad was on CNN", and NBC News anchor Tom Brokaw stating, "CNN used to be called the little network that could. It\'s no longer a little network." At around 5 a.m., the crew is forced to stop reporting by Al Hadithi and Iraqi soldiers. Most of the crew leaves Baghdad, including Formanek and Shaw. Wiener stays, returning to America on January 23. The film ended showing the destruction of buildings from bombings in Baghdad.'] ["The film begins in 1899, with the grandfather of Oskar Matzerath, the main character, being pursued by the police through rural Kashubia. Hiding underneath the skirts of a young woman named Anna Bronski, whom he later marries and conceives a daughter - Oskar's mother - with, he evades the authorities until he drowns trying to escape them. As time goes by, Anna's daughter Agnes develops an incestuous affair with her cousin Jan Bronski, a worker in the Polish Post Office, until she is introduced to the charismatic Alfred Matzerath while serving as a nurse during World War I. The two men become firm friends, albeit love rivals, and later Agnes gives birth to a son, Oskar. Oskar has an adult mentality since birth and upon hearing from Alfred that he will inherit his grocery shop when he is an adult, he decides to stop growing by the age of three. On Oskar's third birthday he is given a tin drum, something that will remain with him for the rest of the film. Oskar throws himself down the cellar stairs, strangely injuring himself, and from that day on he does not grow any older. It is discovered that Oskar has the ability to shatter glass with his voice, which he uses to cause disruption whenever he is upset. Oskar uses his drum for similar purposes, such as disrupting a Nazi rally. During a visit to the circus, Oskar is introduced to Bebra, a performing dwarf whom Oskar can relate to. When the four are on an outing to the beach, they see an eel-picker at work, a sight that makes Agnes repeatedly vomit. Alfred buys some of the eels and a confrontation begins when he insists that she eat them, ultimately leading to Agnes developing a strange addiction to raw fish, from which she gets food poisoning and eventually dies. At his mother's funeral, Oskar witnesses an antisemitic assault on Sigismund Markus, the Jewish toymaker who supplies him with drums; Nazism is on the rise, and the Jewish and Polish residents of Danzig are under increasing pressure from the German community. Markus commits suicide during Kristallnacht, when his shop is attacked by SA men, and synagogues are burned down. On the 1st of September 1939, Oskar, while looking for the Polish caretaker Kobyella, who can repair his drum, unwittingly leads Jan into the Polish Post Office, which is about to join an armed standoff against the SS by the Polish workers. During the battle, Kobyella is shot while fetching a new drum for Oskar, and Jan is wounded. They withdraw to the storeroom and play Skat until Kobyella eventually dies and the Germans capture the building. Oskar is taken home as Jan is arrested and eventually executed. Despite the recent turbulence, Alfred's shop resumes business normally and he employs the fifteen-year-old Maria as housekeeper. Oskar seduces Maria and impregnates her, later irritated at her to find out that she is having an affair with Alfred. Oskar also has a brief sexual relationship with Lina Greff, the wife of the local grocer and scoutmaster. During World War II, Oskar come across Bebra again, and he meets Roswitha, a new member of his troupe. Oskar decides to join Bebra's team, using his glass-shattering voice as part of the act. Oskar and Roswitha begin a romantic affair which is cut short when she is killed by artillery fire during the Allied invasion of Normandy while on tour in France. After a lift back to Danzig with the team, Oskar bids farewell and returns home. Much of the city has been destroyed and the Russians are fast approaching. Oskar meets his now three-year-old son Kurt, to whom he gives a tin drum much like his own. As the Russians finally enter the city, the family are hiding in the cellar when a group of Russian soldiers break in and gang-rape Lina. Alfred is killed by a Mongolian soldier after choking violently on his Nazi party pin-badge in an attempt to swallow it. During Alfred's burial when the war is over, Oskar decides that he will now grow up and throw away his drum. As he does, Kurt throws a stone at his head and he is knocked unconscious, a catalyst that causes him to start growing again. Soon afterwards, all of the family apart from Anna Bronski are deported from the city, which is to be re-occupied only by Poles. As the train leaves, the film ends as it begins; with Anna Bronski sitting in her potato field, watching the train go by."] ['The story is set in fictional country in Middle East  in 1948. Mark Miller is stationed at the American Embassy and is given the assignment of an investigation to find a young woman, Ellen Jasper, also from the United States, who has disappeared after her marriage to Colonel Nazrullah several months previously.'] ['The film is non-linear, framed by scenes of Nixon listening to his secret recordings towards the end of his presidency as the Watergate crisis intensifies. As such, it covers all aspects of Nixon\'s life as a composite of actual events, usually in the form of memories triggered by the recordings or newsreel-style summaries. It depicts his childhood in Whittier, California, as well as his growth as a young man, football fan and player, and suitor to his eventual wife, Pat Ryan. It explores most of the important events of his presidency, including his downfall due to abuse of executive power in the White House. The film implies that Nixon and his wife abused alcohol and prescription medication. Nixon\'s health problems, including his bout of phlebitis and pneumonia during the Watergate crisis, are also shown in the film, and his various medicants are sometimes attributed to these health issues. The movie also hints at some kind of responsibility, real or imagined, that Nixon felt towards the John F. Kennedy assassination through references to "the Bay of Pigs", the implication being that the mechanisms set into place for the invasion by Nixon during his term as Dwight D. Eisenhower\'s vice-president spiraled out of control to culminate in the assassination and, eventually, Watergate. The film ends with Nixon\'s resignation and famous departure from the lawn of the White House on the helicopter, Army One. Real life footage of Nixon\'s state funeral in Yorba Linda, California, plays out over the extended end credits, and all living ex-presidents at the time, Gerald Ford, Jimmy Carter, Ronald Reagan, George H. W. Bush, and then-president Bill Clinton, are shown in attendance.'] ["Following the quelling of Lajos Kossuth's 1848 revolution against Habsburg rule in Hungary, prison camps were set up for people suspected of being Kossuth's supporters. Around 20 years later, some members of highwayman Sándor Rózsa's guerrilla band, believed to be some of Kossuth's last supporters, are known to be interned among the prisoners in a camp. The prison staff try to identify the rebels and find out if Sándor is among them using various means of mental and physical torture and trickery. When one of the guerrillas, János Gajdar, is identified as a murderer by an old woman, he starts aiding his captors by acting as an informant. Gajdar is told that if he can show his captors a man who has killed more people than himself, he will be spared. Fearing for his life, he turns in several people his captors had been looking for by name, but could not identify among the prisoners. Eventually Gajdar becomes an outcast among the prisoners, and is murdered at night by some of his fellow inmates while in solitary confinement. The prison guards easily discover suspects, people whose cells had been left unlocked for the night, and start interrogating them with hope of finding Sándor himself. The suspects are tricked into revealing the remaining guerrillas when they are given a chance to form a new military unit out of former bandits and informed that Sándor, who was not among the prisoners, has been pardoned. However, the celebrating guerrillas are then told that those who previously fought under him, will still face execution."] ["{{Plot}} Scientist Doug Fartin  is in charge of Operation Manhole, a project to eliminate all homosexuals in the military by luring them to a specific spot and then dropping a bomb on them. The bomb, however, misses its target and instead obliterates part of the nearby town of Inbred, Texas. The plane is then struck by an invisible force and crashes to earth, and its occupants – Dr. Fartin and the pilot – are presumed dead. Fartin, however, was saved from the plane by extraterrestrials with bulging eyeballs, who then performed an operation on him. Fartin wanders back to the military base the next day, with no memory of how he survived the plane crash, and is beginning to exhibit stereotypically gay behavior . Base commander Colonel Butz and surgeon Major Problemo talk to Doug’s wife, Vagina, about her husband’s new behavior; if she can’t turn him back into “a real man,” he’ll be included in the next bombing. She tries her best to sexually arouse him, but he can only have sex with her while imagining that she’s Ted Kennedy. The next day, Doug Fartin – whose security clearance has been revoked because of his new gayness – steals a piece of paper from a vault in Butz’s office. Upon hearing of this, FBI agent Priggs tries to figure out what was stolen, which isn’t easy because the vault is highly disorganized and mostly filled with take-out menus. Priggs discovers a handful of marijuana on the floor in front of the vault, and immediately recognizes it as part of Fartin’s stash. Doug arrives at Sodom Flats with the paper, but is caught and confronted by Priggs. Doug punches Priggs out and tries to escape in his car, but a hallucination of bulging eyeballs causes him to run off the road and crash. Regaining consciousness in the base infirmary, Fartin remembers what happened to him after the plane went down, and tells his story to Butz and the others: The aliens, who are from Uranus , have been the ones responsible for creating homosexuals on Earth and other planets. Over the centuries, they’ve monitored these planets and tried to snuff out homophobia. The last time they’d visited Earth was during World War II, when their agents abducted Adolf Hitler and turned him into a cross-dressing lounge singer on another planet; the Germans set up an imposter in Hitler’s place, but when the imposter ordered the invasion of Russia, the aliens knew that Nazi Germany was doomed, so they left. Now the aliens have returned, with a new mission: to build a machine whose transmissions will cause everyone on Earth to become homosexual. They had ordered Fartin to return to the military base, steal from the vault the bottom half of page 32 from the original manuscript of Giovanni's Room, and bring it to the aliens’ subterranean headquarters at Sodom Flats. Fartin rightly concluded that there’s something on the paper that the aliens needed to complete their machine and refused to cooperate, but the alien leader – the Super-Homo – hypnotized Doug to ensure his complicity. After hearing Fartin’s story, Butz and his associates aren’t sure about Doug’s sanity. Later, Sheriff Mussolino of Inbred  materializes in Fartin’s room and tells him that the aliens now need a power source for their machine; Fartin, who is now convinced that helping the aliens is the right thing to do, goes to the nearby power station and orders the technician, at gunpoint, to move certain levers and switches . Butz, Problemo, Priggs, Vagina, and others try to stop Doug, but they’re too late; everyone looks out the window and witnesses a huge explosion, the radiation from which changes the sexuality of everyone on Earth, turning straight people gay and gay people – such as Doug Fartin – straight."] ['Cristina Quadri  is the model of a perfect student. Smart and affluent, her life is in perfect order until, one day, she is called from her class and made to appear in front of a judge. The judge informs her that her real parents disappeared in the 1970s. Cristina is forced to go live with her grandmother, Elisa , who has spent the past 16 years attempting to locate Cristina . Although, at first, she is hurt, bitter and confused, Cristina/Sofia eventually grows to care for Elisa and begins to research the fate of her parents - and how much her adoptive parents knew of the truth.'] ['The film starts with a quote from Lawrence\'s book Seven Pillars of Wisdom which is used for the title of the film: "All men dream: but not equally. Those who dream in the dark recesses of the night awake in the day to find all was vanity. But the dreamers of day are dangerous men, for they may act their dreams with open eyes, and make it possible." Feisal arrives at the post-war Paris Peace Conference  to claim Syria for Arab rule after the break-up of the Ottoman Empire. He is delayed by French diplomats uncertain of his intentions. Lawrence joins Feisal\'s negotiating staff despite attempts by the French  to exclude the Arabs altogether.  Lawrence defends Feisal’s claim to Syria by citing previous British offerings to Feisal’s father in a “secret letter”, as well as their joint triumphant march into Damascus against the Turks. Feisal\'s main demand is for Syria to be governed by Arabs. France has a stake there, however, and has made previous colonial agreements with Great Britain which complicate matters.″A Dangerous Man: Lawrence after Arabia″. Nothing is Written Film Lawrence\'s newly gained popularity after World War I poses a further complication, as popular movies promote him, a white European, as the "Uncrowned King of Arabia". The wartime friendship between him and Feisal is thereby strained. As negotiations reach a peak, Lawrence is called away to his dying father’s bedside. He arrives too late to see his father alive, and must leave too soon to see him buried. Throughout the film, Lawrence is shown writing what would become his life\'s work, Seven Pillars of Wisdom. As in the 1962 film Lawrence of Arabia and many biographies, the film suggests that Lawrence favors relationships with men over women. Ralph Fiennes plays Lawrence as hesitant in the public eye, smiling when forced to, knowing when to be hard in his negotiations, and completely alien to the world of women.'] ['It is 1999 and the troubled West African nation of Sierra Leone is ravaged by major political unrest. Rebel factions such as the Revolutionary United Front frequently terrorise the open countryside, intimidating Mende locals and enslaving many to harvest diamonds, which fund their increasingly successful war effort. One such unfortunate is fisherman Solomon Vandy , from Shenge, who has been assigned to a workforce overseen by a ruthless warlord, Captain Poison . On a particularly tense morning, Vandy discovers an enormous pink diamond in the riverbank and buries it in the soft earth. Poison learns of the stone, but before he can act on this knowledge the area is raided by government security forces. Both men are subsequently incarcerated in Freetown along with Danny Archer , a white Zimbabwean gunrunner jailed while attempting to smuggle diamonds into Liberia for corrupt South African mining executive Rudolph Van de Kaap . Having managed to learn of the pink diamond\'s existence, Archer arranges to have Vandy freed from detention. He then travels to Cape Town, meeting with his former military contacts, including Colonel Coetzee - an Afrikaner late of the apartheid-era South African Defence Force. Danny remarks that he hopes to abscond with Solomon\'s stone and leave the Dark Continent forever, but Coetzee indicates that his lost stake in Archer\'s botched Liberian operation entitles him to the diamond as compensation. The former returns to Sierra Leone, locates Vandy, and offers to help him find his family if he will recover his prize. Meanwhile, RUF insurgents initiate an escalation of hostilities. Freetown falls to their advance while Vandy\'s son Dia  is among those rounded up to serve as a child soldier under a liberated Captain Poison. Archer and Solomon narrowly escape to Guinea, where they plan to infiltrate the Kono with an American journalist, Maddy Bowen , in exchange for giving her inside information on the illicit diamond trade. Colonel Coetzee and his private army also turn up in the conflict zone, having been contracted by authorities to repulse the renewed rebel offensive. While Bowen is evacuated with her story, the two men set out for Captain Poison\'s former encampment on their own. Dia, now stationed with the RUF garrison there, is confronted - although he refuses to acknowledge his father. Archer radios the site\'s coordinates to Coetzee, who directs an air strike via an Mi-24 helicopter gunship. Vandy locates Captain Poison and decapitates him with a shovel while attacking mercenaries rout the warlord\'s surviving men. Coeztee forces a reluctant Solomon to produce the diamond, but is killed by Archer, who has deduced that he will have them both eliminated once their usefulness has expired. Dia holds them both at gunpoint, although Solomon convinces him of his own retained innocence and the two consummate their previous bond. While escaping from the vengeful South Africans, Danny collapses with a mortal injury and surrenders the stone to Solomon, instructing him to take it for his family. Vandy and his son rendezvous with a local pilot, Nabil , who flies them to safety while Archer makes a final phone call to Maddy Bowen, charging her to assist Solomon. He dies peacefully, fulfilling Coetzee\'s prediction that the smuggler would never leave his African home. Shortly afterwards, Vandy, who is now living in the United Kingdom, meets with representatives of Van de Kaap, who wishes to acquire his jewel. Bowen photographs the deal for publication in her article detailing the trade in conflict gems and exposes Van de Kaap\'s criminal actions. Meanwhile, Solomon\'s guest appearance at a conference on "blood diamonds" in Kimberley is met with a standing ovation as the film ends.'] ["During the Algerian War, Bruno Forestier lives in Geneva to escape the enlistment in France. Working for French intelligence, he is ordered to kill Palivoda, who is pro-FLN , to prove he is not a double agent. Refusal and hesitation keep him from carrying out the assassination. Meanwhile, he meets and falls in love with Véronica Dreyer, who helped the FLN. Bruno plans to leave with her for Brazil, but is captured and tortured by Algerian revolutionaries. He escapes, and agrees to kill Palivoda for the French in exchange for passage to Brazil for himself and Veronica. However, the French discover Veronica's ties to the FLN, and torture her to death."] ["Prithvi Kumar is an honest young IAS Officer who get to work as District Commissioner for Bellary District. His main aim is to eradicate the ongoing corruption in the District and stick to his principles, Honesty and Corruptionless administration. Once he take over the office, he will be taken aback knowing the fact the common people of the area are drinking the contaminated water daily that is polluted by unstoppable illegal mining companies. Due to contaminated water, he notices, people falling ill and foresees the future may be very critical in case the people continue to have the same water for drinking. His next mission is to find out the reason behind polluted water and seizes all illegal mining companies around Bellary with no mercy. As a result, Bellary Mining Lords decide to warn the IAS Officer and when they understand Prithvi is adamant and hellbent on his mission, try to kill him. How Prithvi reacts to Bellary Mining Lords conspiracy, even dare to question Government's decision and be successful in his mission against illegal minin companies is the further story of the film ."] ['The movie starts off with Mussolini arriving in a small town in 1901 and getting a job as a school teacher; he is subsequently fired for having sex with the headmaster\'s daughter. This would be a common theme throughout the movie. After giving up on teaching, he works as a builder on the new University of Geneva campus building, and where a lover persuades him to become a student. This is also where he organizes his first protest after the death of a worker he knew. For this, he is nearly deported but is saved by Angelica\'s intervention. After getting run out of then-Austro-Hungarian Trieste, he goes back to his hometown of Forlì, where he marries Rachele. Soon he is at the forefront of the Socialist movement when he becomes the editor-in-chief of Avanti!. At this point Mussolini unites the "reds," the Socialists, with the "yellows," the Republicans in an anti-war movement. This marks the peak of his power, with the Italian left-wing politics under his control. However, he gradually loses his anti-war fervor and splits from the Socialist party altogether, turning all his allies into enemies.'] ['Cal ([[John Lynch  is a young Catholic member of the Irish Republican Army  in 1970s Northern Ireland. He is used as a driver on a nighttime murder of a member of the Royal Ulster Constabulary . The murder takes place at the victim\'s home in view of his family. The victim\'s dying words are a call for his wife, Marcella. One year later, Cal learns that the victim\'s widow is a librarian, Marcella , a Catholic woman. Burdened with guilt over his role in the murder, Cal tries to leave the IRA, but is pressured to remain a member. He and his father live in the city, where they are threatened with loyalist gangs and Orange Order marches on their street. Wishing to atone in some way for assisting in the murder of Marcella\'s husband, Cal seeks work in her family\'s Protestant home. Initially he works as a hand on their farm, and later moves into a small cottage on their land. Marcella is not happy in her home, feeling trapped by her deceased husband\'s family. Over time, Cal and Marcella begin a love affair—with Marcella unaware of Cal\'s role in her husband\'s death. Eventually, Cal is found by his IRA unit and is threatened with murder if he does not continue working as a driver. While he is Christmas shopping for Marcella and her child, he is abducted by the IRA. The car is stopped by a British Army checkpoint. In the ensuing gunfire, Cal escapes and makes his way to Marcella\'s home, where he confesses his role in the murder. Cal is pursued to the house by the RUC, and in the film\'s final scene both Cal and Marcella are seen in their respective "prisons"—Cal on his way to prison in a police van, and Marcella on her way back to her in-laws\' home.'] ['The film begins with an audio-visual collage of news reports on contemporary wars and terrorism. Reports of major incidents from the 11 September 2001 attacks, the murder of Daniel Pearl, the Iraq War to the 2002 Gujarat violence and terrorism in India flash across the screen. This is followed by a saying, {{cquote}} The story is set in September 2001. It starts as her parents drop Meenakshi Iyer  at the bus station. Meenakshi and Raja Chowdhury  get introduced to each other through a common friend just before they embark on their journey. Raja, a wildlife photographer, is requested by Meenakshi\'s parents to look after their daughter and baby grandson, Santhanam. The passengers of the bus include a boisterous and highly enthusiastic group of teenagers, a couple of Sikh gentlemen, an elderly Muslim couple, a grouchy woman, a young couple high on romance, a mentally challenged boy and his mother, and some card-playing men. While the bus negotiates the hilly terrain, Meenakshi is forced to interact with Raja in order to pacify the restive baby. The other passengers assume that they are a married couple. The bus faces a roadblock and the bus driver attempts a detour. However, soon the bus is stopped by a queue of paused vehicles. Within some time, news arrives that Hindu mobs are rampaging against Muslims after a Hindu village was burned down in sectarian violence. The situation turns serious as policemen arrive and announce that curfew has been imposed; all the passengers are ordered back to their vehicles. Here is where Raja reveals his Muslim identity to Meenakshi and tells her that he has to leave in order to protect himself. As someone who comes from a high caste and a conservative Brahmin family, Meenakshi shudders at the very fact that during their travel she drank water offered by Raja, a Muslim. "Please. Don\'t touch me" is her shocked reply. But before he can make a move he is forced to get inside the bus by the patrolling police. After the police exit to scout other areas for arson, one rioting Hindu mob arrives and forcibly enters the bus. They begin interrogating passengers about their religious identities and when in doubt, they even resort to check if the person is circumcised.{{cite web}}  In order to protect himself from them, one of the passengers—Jewish and hence circumcised—points out the old Muslim couple to divert the mob\'s attention. The mob\'s leader drags the old man and his wife out of the bus. One teenager resists this, but she is thrashed by the leader. As Raja attempts to rise in revolt, Meenakshi plants Santhanam on his lap, ordering him to hold the baby with an intent to shield Raja\'s Muslim identity. The mob asks about their identities, and Meenaksi tells the leader that Raja and she are Mr. and Mrs. Iyer. After this chilly encounter, the passengers spend the night in the bus. In the morning, the passengers are in a lighter mood and trek to a nearby village to seek accommodation. Raja and Meenakshi, identifying themselves as Mr. and Mrs. Iyer, fail to find any accommodation. However, the police officer, who was patrolling the earlier evening, bails them out by providing shelter at an abandoned forest bungalow. They are provided with the single usable bedroom available in the bungalow. Meenakshi refuses to share the room with Raja, and curses herself for coming along with a stranger. After confronting her on her outdated prejudices about caste and religion, Raja angrily tells her "this is 2001, no one believes like that anymore." After a brief quarrel, Raja allows her the comfort of the bedroom and prefers to sleep outside. The next morning when Meenakshi does not find Raja, she gets worried and angry as to why he left Santhanam and her in such a place. Soon, she feels relieved to find Raja sleeping outside. After they reach a restaurant in the nearby village, they meet up with the teenagers on the bus. Meenakshi tells them that Santanam is a Sagittarius - his birthday is on the 20th. The teenage girls are excited and curious to know about Meenaakshi and Raja\'s love story. To keep their farce alive, both of them cook up an impromptu story right from how they met till where they went for their honeymoon. Later, they encounter the same police officer who previously helped them. He volunteers to arrange transport for them to the city the next morning after learning that Raja is a photographer . He escorts the couple back to the forest bungalow for the night. During their stay at this bungalow, they discover each other\'s beliefs and understanding of religion. That night, as they witness a horrific murder by one of the mobs, a shocked Meenakshi is comforted by Raja. The next day, they sit in an army truck which drops them to the nearest city. Once in the city, they board the train towards their destination. An unspoken love and a strong attraction is evident between them, keeping behind all their differences. At their destination station, Kolkata, the real Mr. Iyer  arrives to receive his wife. Meenakshi introduces Raja to her husband as Jehangir Chowdhury, a Muslim man who helped her  during the curfew. While Mr. Iyer  is collecting Meenakshi\'s luggage, Raja hands over a camera roll to Meenakshi, the one that contains the photos of their journey and both of them bid an emotional farewell to each other.'] ['In France during the German occupation, a young German naval officer is killed in Paris by a group of leftist activists. The compliant Vichy government seeks to appease the Germans by locating the perpetrators and agreeing to the execution of six people, and a special section is set up for this purpose. The section consists of judges who are too ambitious, cowardly or inhuman to refuse such work. The flames of totalitarianism must be stoked, even with innocent blood, and it is especially convenient to the government if the accused are thoroughly expendable in their eyes.'] ["Master Dinanth  is a freedom fighter and led the war against the British in 1942 and eventually won the independence in 1947. But after independence, the people's love for their country seems to be diminishing and they are too busy betraying it like rich businessman Thakur Pratab Singh . Master Dinanth finds out about Thakur Pratab Singh's illegal activities such as smuggling of weapons and ammunition and gets him arrested. In revenge for putting him in prison, Pratab Singh gets Master Dinnanth's wife Bharati  and daughter Priti  kidnapped by Thakur's partner in crime Sher Singh  to try to change his ways but to no avail. Thakur also provokes an attack on Masterji's home by the local villagers who accuse Dinanath of betraying his country and he is forced to flee his home with his young son Raju. His wife becomes a victim of leprosy and escapes from Sher Singh, leaving her daughter Priti in a friend's care. Masterji is informed that his wife and daughter could be dead as they find a necklace of hers near the train tracks. Masterji is devastated by his wife and daughter's loss and he and his son move on with their life. They settle into a slum called Bharat Nagar which is divided in 4 sections with a don in each one of different backgrounds: Punjabi , Madrasi . Bengali  and Muslim . All of them love their own section but nobody thinks of themselves as Indian except Masterji. Masterji sets out trying to bring peace between the four dons and once they settle their differences the four underworld dons use the Masterji's stay in Bharat Nagar to cover up their own illegal activities. 15 years later, Masterji's now grown-up son Raju  turns out to be the opposite of his father by being draw into the underworld committing crimes to earn money with his father unaware of what he does. He starts working for Thakur Pratab Singh unaware that Thakur had once kidnapped his mother and sister many years earlier which caused their separation. Will Raju find out what Thakur did to his family, will Master Dinanath find out his son is not what he thinks he is? and will Master ever find his wife and daughter again?."] ["In this tense military thriller, intelligence officer Jack Poynt  discovers evidence of a CIA-backed raid on a medical facility in Cambodia in 1972, which led to the torture and killing of a number of civilians. Poynt decides it's high time that the men responsible were exposed and brought to justice, but the deeper he digs in search of the truth, the more he finds himself in danger."] ['Detectives Liam Casey  and Joey Allegretto  are conducting a surveillance operation to apprehend Jordan Washington , a notorious drug dealer. On a tip from an informant, they venture into a building where Washington is presumed to be hiding. Washington preemptively fires a submachine gun through his front door, seriously wounding Casey. Police backup units arrive and swarm the building, but Washington executes a cunning escape in an NYPD squad car after murdering two police officers. Morganstern is incapacitated by a heart attack. The mayor suggests new hero Sean Casey be the party\'s candidate for DA. He wins the election, is in love with Lindstrom and wonders aloud if the many wonderful things suddenly happening in his life can last. They can\'t. The decomposed body of Kleinhoff is discovered floating near a maritime dock. An address book is found by the authorities containing the names of several officers from precincts who responded to the Washington shooting. After several interrogations, a number of officers confess about their entanglement in the bribery and narcotics scandal. Allegretto admits he initially lied about his involvement; accepting bribes while also plotting to murder Washington. Berated as "scum" by Sean Casey for his conduct and unwilling to face jail, a depressed Allegretto commits suicide. Liam discloses to his son Sean that he and Allegretto were not legally authorized to arrest Washington due to an expired search warrant. Liam concedes that he forged a judge\'s signature with a new warrant.'] ['{{plot}} It is Wednesday, October 2, 1968, and a middle-class Mexican family is about to start the day. At breakfast, the older brothers, Jorge  and Sergio  argue with their father Humberto . The boys are studying at the university and their father works at the Departamento del Distrito Federal . The argument begins when the father complains that the boys have long hair. The argument escalates and then they begin to argue that what the boys are doing is wrong, and that "no one should question the government". The boys say that the autonomy of the university was violated and that the government does things against the constitution. Their grandfather Roque  , says that "If they were on a real revolution, they would be executed". The younger siblings Carlos  and Graciela , who study primary and secondary school, barely understand what the argument is all about, because of their young age. The boys then talk about the injustice of the government. Their prime example is the occupation of the U.N.A.M. and that some students hid in the bathroom, and their corpses were found the day before . The mother, Alicia  tries to calm down the situation and tells the boys to "come early and cut their hair". The boys jokingly state that Miguel Hidalgo had long hair , then leave. The day continues normally and then, while cooking, Alicia and Graciela argue about what the boys are doing. Graciela says that her mother is "out of style", then says that she would like to continue studying, to which her mother replies that she will end up being a homemaker anyway. Carlos is getting ready for school while listening to the Beatles, his grandfather complains that "they\'re too loud" and turns the radio off. Humberto tries to call his wife and tells her that "something big is about to happen and that he is worried", but before he can continue the phone dies. Alicia asks Graciela to go to the neighbor\'s apartment and try to call her father. Graciela does so and finds out that the neighbor\'s phone is dead. She returns and says that the phones do not work, "neither ours, nor the neighbor\'s, nor the one in the corner". Sometime later, the light goes out as well. Don Roque goes to the bottom floor and changes the fuse. He bumps into the neighbor on the way and they both change fuses. They then try to turn on the light and discover that the light got cut out. Don Roque then returns to the apartment and tells Alicia that the light does not work. They both worry and carry on with their day. Carlos returns from school. He tells his mother that he asked the teacher whether what his brothers said was true, and says the teacher confirmed it. He then goes outside to the building\'s hall to play with his toy soldiers with his grandfather. As they are playing, suspicious men with sniper rifles and white handkerchiefs in their left hands try to take a look through an opening on the hall. They find it "inappropriate" and go to upstairs floors. The two return to the apartment and Don Roque talks with his daughter about the military presence and the snipers at the roof of each building. Why? She asks. The answer is very simple: because they are prepared for something big. Alicia starts sewing something, Carlos does his homework and Don Roque tries to repair a watch. At the square outside, a crowd begins to gather. A student meeting is taking place. Carlos and Graciela watch the crowd and estimate more than 10,000 present. Graciela then goes to a friend\'s house to do her homework. After half an hour, the meeting is interrupted as red and green flares soar across the sky. Carlos sees this, excited, and tells his mom. Alicia peeks through the window and sees that the students are being slaughtered. Don Roque tells them to get away from the window and to hide in his room. As they do so, two bullets pierce the window. After some time, Don Roque tries to pick up Graciela, but before he does, he hears a sound. "Tanks!" he exclaims. Then it starts to rain. After some time, there are sounds from outside. The door opens and Serigio and Jorge  arrive, along with some mates. One of them, Luis , is wounded. Alicia tries to heal him, but he is bleeding badly. The shooting goes on and stops. During that time, the soaked students begin to trade stories. One of them says that he was on the building\'s third floor balcony, where the speech was being given, and said that armed people dressed as civilians yelled "Olimpia Batallion! Nobody move!". Another one says that he was leaving when the shooting started. The brothers say that the speaker yelled to the crowd "not to fall on provocations". Luis says that he was from the "Poli"  and was running with the crowd when he felt pain in his elbow, then found out he was shot, then afterwards lost his little sister. Another one claims that two dead children no older than 10 ended up on top of each other. A female student claims she saw the Plaza full of shoes. The students peek through the pierced window and see "nothing but shadows" . Don Roque arrives with Graciela and some soldiers, who are in the search for students. Don Roque says that he was a captain in the Revolution and searches for his papers. As he does so, the snipers come from upstairs holding three blood-soaked students. They punch them and then are told to "take them with the others". Don Roque comes back and gives his papers to the soldier, who tells them not to open to anyone. The old man goes back inside and says that the students were arrested and sent to military trucks, as well as that there were garbage trucks and firemen outside. Graciela says that they had to take the stairs and saw the elevator\'s doors pierced by bullets. Her mother says that it was practically impossible since they were "made of thick steel". The female student, who held the propaganda money, talks with Alicia. Alicia keeps the money on a jar until "things get calm", then says that the girl\'s parents would be worried, but the girl does not think so. Alicia says that it was impossible, "by this time, the whole country is already aware of what happened here", but the girl answers that "not everything that the news says is true, and not everything that happens makes it into the news as well". She goes into the bathroom to dry her soaked hair, when Graciela confronts her telling her "to be a woman and not to be in Men Things", to which the student replies "this is a matter of both men and women". Humberto calls and tells the family not to open to anyone. In a short time, some boys call their houses to assure their families they\'re OK. A second shooting ensues and the lights are shut down. The group sleeps and a woman starts crying outside looking for his son "Toño". The students awake and ask if anyone is named Toño. None of them is named like so. Finally, the lights come back on and Humberto arrives. He says that "it was really hard to get past the security". He also says that ambulances were on the surrounding area of the square, but none of them seemed to take the wounded to hospitals and that students were stripped and pushed to the bottom floor\'s elevator walls. One of the students asks whether they were being beaten up. Humberto confirms this harshly. They then turn the T.V. on and the local news says that the shooting took place because "student snipers on the nearby buildings fired at the army, which was sent to support the police". One of the students says the obvious: the government controls the local news as well, confirming the female student\'s claims. The group then goes to sleep, while the students plan their escape: the next day they\'ll "leave the house one by one". At the eerie sights of morning, the snipers bang on the door. After a harsh awakening, the students hide in the bathroom and one of them tells Humberto not to open. Carlos hides under his bed and the boys pretend to be asleep. Humberto asks who they are, but the snipers insist on opening. Humberto opens and the snipers act fiercely, pointing their guns at everyone. Humberto tells them of his position at the government, but they don\'t seem to care. They force everyone out of their beds and discover the boys\' room full of leftist propaganda: "The Communist Manifesto" and a Che Guevara poster on their wall. They are forced to get out of their room and are asked if they were in on the meeting. Jorge answers, but Sergio does not and is pistol-whipped. They discover the bathroom is locked and Don Roque says Carlos is inside because he\'s scared. They then inspect the apartment because of the boys\' leftist propaganda and find the blood-stained sheet on which Luis laid. Then they threaten to kill Humberto at gunpoint if the bathroom door does not open. Sergio, his mouth still full of blood, begs his mates to open the door. One of the snipers, meanwhile, shoots the doorknob of the bathroom and force everyone to leave. Some students stay put, while a student and the girl try to escape. Both are shot by the snipers. Other students also shout and are killed. A fight ensues. Jorge, Don Roque and Humberto try to over-power the snipers as Sergio and Graciela escape. The snipers win and shoot everyone. They then run to the hall to search for Sergio and Graciela. Two gunshots are heard. Carlos is the sole survivor as he gets out of his bed and sees the corpses in the hall. He starts to cry and goes barefoot down the blood-stained stairs. He sees his brother\'s corpse on the stairs with two bullet holes on his chest, then keeps walking down and finds his sister dead in at the foot of some stairs. He manages to get to the bullet-hit bottom floor and sees two soldiers, while in the background a government janitor  sweeps the floor, which contains student propaganda, finally the film ends.'] ['The film is set in mid-to-late 1980s in the Indian state of Punjab, which has been wracked by a violent insurgency in the aftermath of Operation Bluestar, the assassination of Prime Minister Indira Gandhi and the subsequent 1984 Anti-Sikh riots. The story is relayed by a series of flashbacks. Jaswant Singh Randhawa  and his sister Veerendar "Veeran" ([[Tabu  live with their elderly mother Biji in a Punjab village. Kripal Singh  is Jaswant\'s childhood friend and Veeran\'s fiance, and lives close by with his grandfather. Their peaceful lives are interrupted by police led by Assistant Commissioner of Police Khurana and Inspector Vohra, who were searching for a Jimmy, who allegedly attempted to murder Kedar Nath, a member of the Indian Parliament. Jaswant mockingly leads the police to his dog, who was named Jimmy. Angered by his insolence, Khurana and Vohra take Jaswant for questioning, but he fails to return for days. Kripal struggles to locate Jaswant, visiting various police stations in the area, while taking care of Jaswant\'s family. When Jaswant finally returns after 15 days, he has been badly beaten up by police, which enrages Kripal. Unable to obtain help by any legal means to fight police brutality, Kripal sets off to locate his cousin Jeetay, who had ties with militant groups. Unable to locate Jeetay, Kripal instead encounters a man named Sanathan , who he observes planting a time bomb on a bus. Running into him again at a dhabha, Kripal asks a wary Sanathan to listen to him for maybe he could help him. Sanathan agrees to let Kripal travel with him on his truck, being driven by the "Commander"  and carrying sacks of native-made bombs and two militants. Upon arriving at their hideout, Kripal explains his predicament and finds out that Jeetay was killed by the Commander himself for being a police informer. Fully aware of Kripal Singh\'s background, family and his predicament, the Commander rebukes Kripal for coming to them as if they were professional killers, and tells him to go kill Khurana himself, but that the group would protect him. Kripal slowly earns the respect of the rest of the group and Sanathan, who explains that he is not fighting for a nationalist or religious cause, but for his basic civil rights and self-respect. Sanathan says that he is fighting against a system that victimizes innocents and devalues ordinary people. It is later learned that Sanathan is a survivor of the communal violence that occurred with the Partition of India in 1947, and lost most of his family in the 1984 anti-Sikh riots. Sanathan claims that it is the ruling class that is trying to divide society by religion for political gain. Kripal Singh trains with the group and plots the killing of Khurana. After a year, he assassinates Khurana in a busy marketplace. Before going into hiding, he visits Jaswant and Veeran for a final time, both of whom are horrified at his deed. When Kripal returns to their hideout, he finds it empty. After a while of staying in hiding, he is contacted by a member of the group and is taken by the Commander to the group\'s new hiding place in the state of Himachal Pradesh. The Commander informs Kripal that he is known to the police, who had taken Jaswant in for questioning again. Kripal slowly begins to realize that there is no return to a normal life, and finds solace in the comradeship of the rest of the unit, which is now preparing for a new mission and awaiting the arrival of a missile firing specialist. When thinking of applying for a local job, Kripal is warned by Sanathan that he is now a big-time terrorist in the eyes of the media and a means of promotion for police officers. One of the group, Kuldip, narrowly escapes a confrontation with the police, sustaining injuries. Terrified by the experience, he pleads to Sanathan to let him go home, promising to emigrate to Canada. Sanathan reluctantly agrees, and while the rest of the unit believes Kuldip is heading home, a bomb planted in his backpack explodes and kills Kuldip on his way home. Meanwhile, Kripal learns that one of his comrades, Jaimal Singh, is none other than the Jimmy the police had been looking for. Soon afterwards, the missile shooter arrives, and Sanathan introduces Veerendar. Kripal is shocked to find that Veerendar is none other than his fiancee, Veeran. After they finally speak together alone, Kripal is horrified to learn that Jaswant, taken in for questioning after Khurana\'s murder, was beaten viciously and driven to commit suicide in the jail. Biji died soon after learning of these tragedies, leaving Veeran alone. After receiving daily visits from Inspector Vohra, Veeran decided to follow in Kripal\'s footsteps and try to reunite with him. Kripal and Veeran begin to grow close again. Veeran is a welcome addition to the household, bringing the simple joys of normal life to the band of outlaws, and developing a close friendship with the others, especially Sanathan and Waziren. The mission is revealed to be a plot to assassinate the MP Kedar Nath, who had survived Jimmy\'s assassination attempt, as he arrived for a visit to a local Sikh shrine. During their stay together, Kripal and Veeran decide to get married quietly, but Veeran quietly steals the cyanide pill from Kripal that each of the group members has and is supposed to use if ever caught by police. While visiting the Sikh shrine to begin reconnaissance, Kripal spots Inspector Vohra, who has been put in charge of security for Kedar Nath\'s visit. Kripal tracks Vohra to house where he is staying, but while attempting to kill him, is caught by Vohra and arrested by police. Meanwhile, one of the group has spotted Kripal entering Vohra\'s residence. Arguing that if Kripal had been loyal he would have taken the cyanide pill to kill himself, Sanathan concludes that Kripal was a police informer. Sanathan also accuses Veeran of helping Kripal, and orders her into house arrest. On the day of the mission, Sanathan orders the group to move, and tells Waziren, who is guarding Veeran to kill her. However, Veeran breaks free and kills Waziren. In the meantime, Jaimal and Sanathan execute the plot. While Jaimal is killed while stopping Kedar Nath\'s motorcade on a bridge, Sanathan fires the missile to blow up Kedar Nath\'s car. On the run, Sanathan finds himself being tracked closely, but by Veeran and not the police. Veeran kills Sanathan as well, and escapes. The film concludes with Veeran, who has not been exposed as a member of the group, visiting Kripal in prison. Here she gives Kripal his cyanide pill, and later takes her own.'] ['Sikandar Raza  is a 14-year-old schoolboy in the Kashmir valley. Ever since his parents were killed by jihadis   10 years ago, he has lived with his aunt and uncle, in a small town called Kupwara in Kashmir valley. All Sikandar’s desires revolve around the happiness of his foster parents and getting the ball into the goal on the football field. One day, on his way to a school football match, Sikandar finds a gun lying on the path. Despite admonishments by his newly made school friend, 14-year-old Nasreen , Sikandar picks up the gun and begins a journey into the darker side of his nature. The quiet-yet-strong Nasreen becomes Sikandar’s conscience keeper. She tries to dissuade him from giving in to the lure of the gun. Sikandar gets embroiled further and further in situations beyond his control, and people get killed. At first it seems that the happenings occurring alongside Sikandar’s predicament are not connected. But, as layer upon layer is revealed, it becomes clear that Sikandar is the innocent victim in a game being played out between the militants, the army, the peace-bartering politicians and the religious heads of the little Kashmiri town. The pieces of the puzzle come together at the very end, leading to a shocking revelation. The movie is a portrayal of how child psychologies can be moulded, how terrorists are made. "Bholi bhaali rahne do" by Prasoon Joshi wonderfully sums up the movie.Plot'] ["Paul is a minor bureaucrat in East Berlin, where he lives with his wife and their son in a modern high-rise apartment building. While he is well educated and professionally ambitious, he is generally bored with his life. He cannot relate to his unsophisticated wife, and she is repeatedly unfaithful, even bringing men home to their apartment when Paul is away. Paula, a grocery store cashier and single mother of two, lives in a run-down, prewar building directly across from Paul's modern high-rise. Having thrown out her philandering live-in lover , she is seeking more happiness in her tedious life. Paul and Paula meet at a nightclub and instantly connect. Paula falls in love with Paul and pursues him passionately. He desires her, but is reluctant to endanger his career and his marriage. When one of Paula's children is killed in an accident, Paul realizes that Paula is more important than his career and his marriage, but she is so crushed by her loss that she rejects him. Seeking security, she seriously contemplates marriage with an older, successful, but dull businessman, and Paul must go to great lengths to win Paula back. Ultimately, he succeeds and they move in together, but she dies giving birth to their child."] ['In the present day, a widow mourns the death of her husband. She covers up the TV set and all the mirrors in the house. Her grown children are baffled by this behavior, asking why their mother has suddenly gone Orthodox Jewish. The mother will not discuss her past, but her daughter wants to know what happened. Learning of a woman  who "saved" her mother during the war, she goes to Germany to learn the whole story. She finds Lena, who willingly reminisces about World War II, about her situation and the mother\'s childhood as a Jew growing up in Germany during the war. Lena herself is a German woman whose Jewish husband was persecuted by the Nazis while the little girl  loses her own mother to the Nazi concentration camps. The principal focus of the film addresses what happened to those who were in a mixed marriage . Amid constant flashbacks, the film pieces together the story of the Rosenstrasse protest, where the women waited for seven days and nights outside of a Nazi jail for their Jewish husbands. The protests took place in Berlin during the winter of 1943.'] ['Avner, an adept Israeli military officer is selected as the leader of a Mossad team of expert agents for a covert mission to avenge the Munich massacre and other recent terrorist acts. They are initially successful in their assassinations but as they progress it becomes harder and harder to find their targets and they themselves are targeted with varying success by their enemies. Avner, having lost the majority of his team, begins having doubts about the mission and finally calls it off. He wishes to retire from Mossad and rejoin the regular ranks of the IDF, but his case officer is reluctant to let his most valuable asset go.'] ['An unemployed cameraman, Ron Kobeleski , is asked by his reclusive neighbor, a retired Marine named Walter Ohlinger  who has been diagnosed with terminal cancer, to document a startling confession: that he, not Lee Harvey Oswald, killed President John F. Kennedy in Dallas, Texas on November 22, 1963. A stunned Kobeleski learns that the conspiracy theory that says there was a second gunman on the grassy knoll is true &mdash; because he was that second gunman. To prove it, he shows Kobeleski a spent casing from the rifle he used. A skeptical Kobeleski demands proof, and follows Ohlinger as he attempts to prove his claims. He speaks to people who would seem to support Ohlinger\'s claims, but others, most notably his ex-wife, point to Ohlinger being a fraud and a lunatic. The film ends with Walter Ohlinger attempting to assassinate the present-day president and Kobeleski shooting Ohlinger in self-defense at his own home. Ron Kobeleski is arrested and charged as an accomplice. In a short interview with a reporter, he states that "telling his side of the story won\'t help him at all." The closing credits state that Kobeleski died in prison. For the most part, Interview with the Assassin is filmed from the perspective of Ron Kobeleski, as if he had shot it with his own camera. On a few occasions, the viewer actually sees Dylan Haggerty, the actor portraying him.'] ['The film opens with J. Edgar Hoover  in his office during his later years. He asks that a writer  be let in, so that he may tell the story of the origin of the FBI for the sake of the public. Hoover explains that the story begins in 1919, when A. Mitchell Palmer was Attorney General and Hoover\'s boss at the Justice Department. Palmer suffers an assassination attempt, but is unharmed when the bomb explodes earlier than intended. Hoover recalls that the police handling of the crime scene was primitive, and that it was that night that he recognized the importance of criminal science. Later, Hoover visits his mother , and tells her that Palmer has put him in charge of a new anti-radical division, and that he has already begun compiling a list of suspected radicals. He leaves to meet Helen Gandy , who has just started as a secretary at the Justice Department. Hoover takes Gandy to the Library of Congress, and shows her the card catalog system he devised. He muses about how easy it would be to solve crimes if every citizen were as easily identifiable as the books in the library. When Hoover attempts to kiss her, she recoils. Hoover gets down on his knees and asks her to marry him, citing her organization and education, but his request is once again denied. However, Gandy agrees to become his personal secretary. Despite his close monitoring of suspected foreign radicals, Hoover finds that the Department of Labor refuses to deport anyone without clear evidence of a crime; however, Anthony Caminetti the commissioner general of immigration dislikes the prominent anarchist Emma Goldman. Hoover arranges to discredit her marriage and make her eligible for deportation, setting a precedent of deportation for radical conspiracy. After several Justice Department raids of suspected radical groups, many leading to deportation, Palmer loses his job as Attorney General. Under a subsequent Attorney General, Harlan F. Stone, Hoover is made director of the Justice Department\'s Bureau of Investigation. He is introduced to Clyde Tolson , a recently graduated lawyer, and takes his business card. Later, while reviewing job applications with Helen Gandy, Hoover asks if Tolson had applied. Gandy says he had, and Hoover interviews and hires Tolson. The Bureau pursues a string of gangster and bank robbery crimes across the Midwest, including the high profile John Dillinger, with general success. When the Lindbergh kidnapping captures national attention, President Hoover asks the Bureau to investigate. Hoover employs several novel techniques, including the monitoring of registration numbers on ransom bills, and expert analysis of the kidnapper\'s handwriting. The birth of the FBI Crime Lab is seen as a product of Hoover\'s determination to analyze the homemade wooden ladder left at the crime scene. When the monitored bills begin showing up in New York City, the investigators find a filling station attendant who wrote down the license plate number of the man who gave him the bill. This leads to the arrest, and eventual conviction, of Bruno Hauptmann for the kidnapping and murder of the Lindbergh child. After going to a Shirley Temple movie with Hoover\'s mother, Hoover and Tolson decide to go out to a club. When Ginger Rogers asks Hoover if he ever wishes he had someone to keep him warm at night, he responds that he has dedicated his life to the bureau. Ginger\'s mother asks Hoover to dance and he becomes agitated, saying that he and Tolson must leave, as they have a lot of work to do in the morning. When he gets home he shares his dislike of dancing with girls with his mother, and she tells him she would rather have a dead son than a "daffodil" for a son. She then insists on teaching him to dance, and they dance in her bedroom. Soon after, Hoover and Tolson go on a vacation to the horse races. That evening, Hoover tells Tolson that he cares deeply for him, and Tolson returns the feeling by stating that he loves Hoover. However, Hoover claims to be considering marriage to a young woman twenty years his junior, Dorothy Lamour, he has been seeing in New York City, provoking outrage from Tolson. Tolson accuses Hoover making a fool out of him and then begins throwing insults at Hoover, and consequently they begin throwing punches at each other and cause grave damage to the hotel room in the process; they eventually end up fighting on the floor. The fight ends when Tolson gets an upper hand over Hoover, and suddenly kisses him. Hoover demands that it must never happen again; Tolson says that it won\'t, and attempts to leave. Hoover apologizes and begs him to stay, but Tolson only says that if Hoover ever mentioned another woman again, their friendship would be over. He then leaves, with Hoover professing love for him moments after. Years later, Hoover feels his strength begin to decline. He requires daily visits by a doctor, and Tolson suffers a stroke which leaves him in a severely weakened state. An attempt by Hoover to blackmail Martin Luther King, Jr. into declining his Nobel Peace Prize proves ineffective, and Martin Luther King, Jr. accepts the prize. Hoover eventually begins to consider his mortality and tells Helen Gandy to destroy his secret files if he were to die to prevent Nixon from possessing them. When Tolson appeals to Hoover to retire when Hoover comes to visit him, Hoover refuses, claiming that Richard Nixon is going to destroy the bureau he has created. Tolson then accuses Hoover of exaggerating his involvement in many of the bureau\'s actions. Upon Hoover\'s death, Helen Gandy is seen destroying stacks of files, assumed to be Hoover\'s rumored "personal and confidential" files as Nixon does a eulogy on television for Hoover.'] ['The story is loosely based on the real-life murders of civil rights workers in Mississippi in 1964. After the three are reported missing, two FBI agents are sent to investigate the incident in rural Jessup County, Mississippi . The two agents take completely different approaches: Agent Alan Ward , a young liberal northerner, takes a direct approach to the investigation; Agent Rupert Anderson , a former Mississippi sheriff who understands the intricacies of race relations in the South, takes a more subtle tack. It is very hard for the two to work in the town, as the local sheriff\'s office is linked to a major branch of the Ku Klux Klan, and the agents cannot talk to the local black community, due to their fear of Klan retaliation. Slowly but steadily, relations between the FBI and the local Jessup County sheriff\'s office deteriorate, as do relations between Ward and Anderson. Things boil over when the bodies are found and the deputy sheriff, Clinton Pell , realizes that his wife gave their locations to Anderson, and he assaults her. When Anderson sees her in the hospital, he storms off to confront Pell but is stopped by Ward. After a brief scuffle, the two agree that they will work together and bring down the Jessup County branch of the Ku Klux Klan using Anderson\'s as yet untried approach. The new tactics begin when the mayor is abducted. He is taken to a remote shack and left on his own with a black man  wearing a rudimentary mask, similar to those used by KKK members in the film. Relating a story of how a young black man was castrated by the KKK, he implies that the mayor will likewise be disfigured unless he talks by wielding a razor blade while relating the tale. In reality, the abductor is an FBI operative specially flown in to intimidate the mayor. The mayor gives the operative a comprehensive description of the killings, including the names of those involved; although not admissible in court, this information proves invaluable to Anderson and Ward and moves the investigation forward. Anderson uses the new information to send fake invitations to the involved KKK parties, who turn up for a meeting. They soon realize it\'s a set up and leave without discussing the murders. The FBI, who are eavesdropping, home in on Lester Cowens, a junior member of the outfit, as being particularly nervous and unable to stop talking. He is later picked up by the FBI and driven prominently around town to make it appear that he may be cooperating with them. He then is dropped off in the black side of the segregated community to "think" about his position. Anderson pays a visit to the barbershop where Deputy Sheriff Pell is getting a shave with a straight razor. Anderson slips in the place of the barber allowing him to ensure that Pell stays still while Anderson threatens him, nicking him with the razor. Anderson then brutally beats Pell, both for his role in the murders and his assault of his wife. Ward, waiting outside and unable to bear the ongoing beating, attempts to go in; he is stopped by the other FBI men Anderson has called in, and he silently remembers his pledge to do things Anderson\'s way. Pell is left spinning in a barber\'s chair, unconscious, as Anderson leaves. A nervous Lester Cowens is at home when his window is shot out. On the lawn is a burning cross. Cowens tries to flee in his truck but is caught by three hooded men who begin to hang him. The FBI arrive, rescue Cowens, and chase the thugs to the sound of gunshots. Out of sight, the abductors stop running away and remove their masks to reveal that they are also FBI agents. The ruse works. Cowens, believing his life is in danger because his KKK co-conspirators think he\'ll talk, does just that. The FBI now has evidence admissible in court and can prosecute the culprits. They charge them with civil rights violations to ensure they will be tried at the federal level; four of them had previously been convicted in a state court of firebombing a black man\'s home, only to receive five-year suspended sentences. Most are found guilty and receive sentences from three to ten years. Sheriff Stuckey is acquitted. The mayor, who was not charged with anything, hangs himself. Pell\'s wife returns to her home, which has been completely ransacked. She resolves to stay and rebuild her life, free of her wicked husband. The film concludes with a Sunday morning service on the site of a destroyed house of worship, attended by both white and black churchgoers singing in unison. Ward addresses Anderson as "Rupert" suggesting they are now on first name terms.'] ["The film tells of two very different men who share a Brazilian prison cell: Valentin Arregui , who is imprisoned  due to his activities on behalf of a leftist revolutionary group, and Luis Molina  a homosexual in prison for having sex with an underage boy. Molina passes the time by recounting memories from one of his favorite films, a wartime romantic thriller that's also a Nazi propaganda film. He weaves the characters into a narrative meant to comfort Arregui and distract him from the harsh realities of political imprisonment and the separation from the woman he cares about. Arregui allows Molina to penetrate some of his defensive self and opens up. Despite Arregui occasionally snapping at Molina over his rather shallow views of political cinema, an unlikely friendship develops between the two. As the story develops, it becomes clear that Arregui is being poisoned by his jailers to provide Molina with a chance to befriend him, and that Molina is spying on Arregui on behalf of the Brazilian secret police. Molina has namely been promised a parole if he succeeds in obtaining information that will allow the secret police to find the revolutionary group's members. However, Molina falls in love with Arregui, and Arregui responds after a fashion, culminating in a physical consummation of their love on Molina's last night in prison. Molina is granted parole in the hopes Arregui will reveal information about his contacts when he knows Molina will be out of prison. Arregui provides Molina with a telephone number and message for his comrades. Molina at first refuses to take the number, fearing the consequences of treason, but he relents, and he and Arregui bid farewell with a kiss. In the final scenes Molina calls the telephone number, and a meeting is arranged with the revolutionary group. But the secret police have had Molina under surveillance, and a gun battle ensues, with the revolutionaries, assuming Molina has betrayed them, shooting him. As he wanders the streets wounded, the policemen catch up with him and demand that he disclose the telephone number in exchange for them taking him to the hospital for treatment, but Molina refuses and succumbs to his wounds. On the orders of the homophobic police chief , the policemen dump Molina's body in a rubbish pit and fabricate a story about his death and involvement with the revolutionary group. Meanwhile, back in the prison Arregui is being treated after being tortured once again. As the doctor administers him morphine to help him sleep, risking his job in the process, Arregui escapes into a dream where he is on a tropical island with the woman he loves. Although not made explicit, it is implied that he dies from his wounds."] ['The film takes place in 1825 India. The country is being ravaged by Thuggees, a Kali-worshiping cult also known as "Deceivers," who commit robbery and ritualistic murder. Appalled by their activities, English Captain William Savage undertakes a dangerous mission in which he disguises himself, and infiltrates the Thugee cult. At constant risk of betrayal and vengeance, Captain Savage undergoes a disturbing psychological transformation, experiencing the cult\'s insatiable bloodlust for himself. The film was shot in various locations around the arid steppe region in northwestern India.'] ["The film opens with a scene of the three Soong sisters in their childhood during the late Qing Dynasty. Their father Charlie Soong demonstrates the wealth and prestige of his family by running one of the most successful printing businesses. The sisters later travel abroad to attend Wesleyan College in Macon, Georgia, America. Of the three sisters, the eldest, Soong Ai-ling, is the first to get married in 1914. Her husband is K'ung Hsiang-hsi, a wealthy banker and the richest man in China at that time. Sun Yat-sen is a fugitive of the weakening Qing government and he lives in exile in Japan. He weds Soong Ching-ling, despite stern opposition from Charlie Soong. After the Qing Dynasty is overthrown by the 1911 Xinhai Revolution, Sun becomes the Republic of China's first provisional president and later founds the Kuomintang . Sun dies of liver cancer in 1925 and leaves his wife with his dying wish of Chinese reunification. Chiang Kai-shek succeeds Sun Yat-sen as the new chief of the Kuomintang. In 1927, he marries Soong May-ling, the youngest of the three sisters. The Chiang couple oppose the Communist Party. The widowed Soong Ching-ling often quarrels with the family, accusing Chiang Kai-shek and his followers of persecuting the Communists and hindering the Chinese reunification. She leaves the Kuomintang and openly voices dissent against Chiang. The three sisters were hardly reunited again, except at their parents' deathbeds and on other special occasions. While the Kuomintang and Communists are fighting with each other, the Empire of Japan takes advantage of the situation to invade China in the 1930s. In 1936, Chiang Kai-shek is kidnapped by Zhang Xueliang in the Xi'an Incident. He is forced to make peace with the Communists and focus on dealing with the Japanese invaders, leading to the Second Sino-Japanese War. The Chinese Civil War continues after the Japanese surrender in 1945 until around late 1949. The film ends with actual footage of the Kuomintang relocating the government of the Republic of China to Taiwan, and a quick glimpse of Communist leader Mao Zedong proclaiming the People's Republic of China on October 1, 1949 in Beijing."] ["All The King's Men is the story of the rise of politician Willie Stark  from a rural county seat to the governor's mansion. He first teaches himself law and becomes a lawyer, championing the local people and gaining popularity. He then decides to go into politics. Along the way he loses his innocence, and becomes as corrupt as the politicians he once fought against. The main story is a thinly disguised version of the rise and assassination of real-life 1930s Louisiana Governor, Huey Long. Also included is a series of complex relationships between a journalist friend who slowly sours to his ways, the journalist's girlfriend , her brother , her uncle . When his son becomes paralyzed following a drunk driving accident which kills a female passenger, Stark's world starts to unravel and he discovers that not everyone can be bought off. The story has a complex series of relationships. All is seen through the vexes of the journalist, Jack Burden, who admires Stark and even when disillussioned still sticks by him. Stark's campaign assistant, Sadie  is clearly in love with Stark and wants him to leave his wife, Lucy. Meanwhile Stark philanders and gets involved with many women, most notably Jack's own girlfriend, Anne Stanton. When Stark's reputation is brought into disrepute by Judge Stanton  he seeks to blacken his name. When he eventually succeeds the judge commits suicide. Anne seems to forgive him, but her brother, a doctor and the surgeon who helped saved his son's life after the car crash, cannot. The doctor eventually assassinates Stark after he wins an impeachment investigation. The doctor in turn is shot down by Sugar Boy, Stark's fawning assistant."] ['Timofyev  is a patient in an asylum who claims to be the man who killed Tsar Alexander II in 1881, and his grandson Tsar Nicholas II in 1918.'] ["A distraught Laura Bowman travels to Burma with her sister after her son and husband are brutally murdered by burglars. There she discovers the brutal suppression of democracy under General Ne Win and receives her first glimpse of Aung San Suu Kyi, the embodiment of hope for a peaceful future in Burma. When Laura loses her passport at a rally, she gets detained in Burma. While doing last minute sightseeing, she meets a former university professor and pro-democracy students, monks and others. This puts her on the junta's enemies list. She spends most of the film evading soldiers while attempting to make her way out of the country with her group, which they eventually do. Laura, who is a doctor, decides to remain in Thailand treating refugees fleeing oppression."] ['Xiu Xiu , a 15-year-old girl living in the city of Chengdu, moves out to study horses in the countryside with a nomadic Tibetan. She is told that after six months, she will return to take charge of her all-girl cavalry unit. However she quickly discovers that she is not returning. She learns lessons about life while struggling against corrupt government officials who manipulate her hopes and body. Her only friend is the eunuch horseman, Lao Jin.'] ['Geremio is an Italian bricklayer living with his family. The film depicts how Geremio and his family endure the struggles of living in Brooklyn during the Great Depression.'] ['This big-budget movie is set in 1936 in Barcelona in the midst of the Spanish Revolution and Spanish Civil War.Sandra Brennan, Rovi. Libertarias  New York Times Militia women Pilar  and Floren  are joined by former prostitute Charo  and former nun Maria . The film opens with scenes of working class militants demolishing and burning religious icons, as they shout "down with Capitalism!" and "long live the libertarian revolution!" While fully immersed in the overall enthusiasm of revolutionary Spain, Pilar and friends find themselves fighting against deep gender inequality which complicates their efforts in the war against Francisco Franco\'s Nationalist/Fascist/Catholic forces. They encounter resistance even within their own "Free Women"  organization as one woman  tries to persuade them to stay and work in defense factories, while men try to convince them to go work as cooks, not front-line soldiers.'] ['An exiled Greek filmmaker is returning home and sets out on an epic journey across the battered Balkans in search of three lost reels of film by the Manakis brothers, the pioneering photographers who introduced movies into the Balkans at the beginning of the century. The search for the reels of film works as a metaphor for a search for the common history of the Balkan countries.'] [' During the Russian Civil War , a female commissar of the Red Army cavalry Klavdia Vavilova  finds herself pregnant. Until her child is born, she is forced to stay with the family of a poor Jewish blacksmith Yefim Magazannik , his wife, mother-in-law, and six children. At first, both the Magazannik family and "Madame Vavilova", as they call her, are not enthusiastic about living under one roof, but soon they share their rationed food, make her civilian clothes, and help her with the delivery of her newborn son. Vavilova seemingly embraces motherhood, civilian life, and new friends. Meanwhile, the frontline advances closer to the town and the Jews expect a pogrom by the White Army as the Red Army retreats. Vavilova attempts to console them with a Communist dream: "One day people will work in peace and harmony", but the dream is interrupted with a vision of the fate of the Jews in the coming world war. She rushes to the front to rejoin her army regiment, leaving her newborn behind.'] ['Mohammad, his wife and their five children live in a large, isolated house located halfway between a Palestinian village and an Israeli settlement. The house, in the crossfire of the two sides, is a strategic lookout point that the Israeli army decides to seize, confining the family to a few downstairs rooms in daytime and a single room at night. Mohammad refuses to leave this home and, reinforced by his principles against violence, decides to find a way to keep his family together in the house until the Israeli soldiers move on.'] ['A journalist, Michel Dolannes, decides to use his newspaper to denounce the corruption of the established system. One day, he discovers a number of scandals before being fired for attacking the mayor of the town.'] ['The film details the hard-fought mayoral campaign by a young community activist  and City Council member against a 16-year incumbent mayor  with a powerful political machine. The documentary follows Booker and several of his campaign workers from their early days of door-knocking on Newark streets through the campaign\'s dramatic conclusion. Through the course of the film, Booker\'s living conditions, race, ethnicity, religion, sexuality, political affiliations, and his position in Newark are questioned. From 1998 to 2006, Booker lived in Brick Towers, one of the city\'s worst public housing buildings, which some accused to be a tactic for acceptance by his constituents. As the election campaigns escalate, Booker receives endorsements from Spike Lee, Cornel West, and other prominent African American figures. The movie brings to light many issues plaguing minority communities in Newark and reveals how the city government has failed to acknowledge these issues. The film also raises questions of race, and what it means to be "black," as Sharpe James questions Booker\'s African American heritage and roots to his community. Curry captures on film corrupt attempts by Mayor Sharpe James and city employees, including police and "code enforcement," to sabotage Booker\'s campaign, using tactics that include shutting down local businesses that hold Booker fundraisers, demoting city workers who support Booker, and demolishing Booker signs in violation of a standing order by a federal judge, in what becomes a true urban political "street fight." In one memorable scene, city police assault the documentary maker on a public sidewalk for filming the mayor, breaking the microphone off his camera in broad daylight in front of other journalists.'] ['The genesis of the movie arises out of the Cold War tensions existing between the United States and the Soviet Union during the early 1960s. The film presents a dramatic account of a series of coincidental events leading up to an accidental thermonuclear first-strike attack by a group of United States “Vindicator” bombers  against Moscow, the capital of what was then the Soviet Union. Amidst an ordinary tour for VIPs at the U.S. headquarters of the Strategic Air Command  in Omaha, Nebraska, an alert is initiated when SAC radar indicates an intrusion into American airspace of an unidentified flying object. The standard procedure of SAC is to keep several groups of bombers constantly flying around the clock as a most immediate response to any potential nuclear attack on the country. Upon any initial alert from headquarters, these airborne groups proceed to pre-identified aerial points around the globe called "fail-safe points" to await an actual "go code" before proceeding towards Russian targets. Shortly after reaching those points, the flying object is identified merely as an off-course airliner and the alert is canceled. However, a technical error sends an errant "go code" to a group of bombers, ordering them to proceed and attack their target. Coincidentally and simultaneously, a new Russian jamming device begins radio jamming of communications between SAC headquarters and the bomber group with the result that the group commander, Colonel Jack Grady , begins to lead the attack on Moscow. Pressure mounts as the President of the United States  and his advisers attempt to recall the group or shoot them down. Communications are begun with the Soviet Chairman, whereupon mistakes on both sides  are acknowledged. The jamming is reversed; however, SAC training and protocols cause the crew to reject counter-orders to abort the mission. Upon confirmation regarding the completion of the accidental attack on Moscow, the President realizes the severity of the situation and seeks a resolution to the matter that will avoid reprisal from the Russians and, ultimately, an all-out nuclear holocaust. With this threat in mind, the President orders an immediate similar nuclear strike on New York City.'] ['In 1987, Latif Yahia , an Iraqi soldier fighting in the Iran–Iraq War, is called to become a "fedai"  for Uday Hussein , the playboy son of Iraqi president Saddam Hussein . Latif comes from an upper-class family and had attended school with Uday, where the other students would remark on their likeness. Latif initially refuses the position, but is imprisoned and tortured, ultimately relenting when his family is threatened. Latif undergoes minor cosmetic surgery to perfect his resemblance to Uday and practices emulating the young Hussein\'s mannerisms and wildly volatile persona. He is given access to all of the luxurious benefits of the Husseins\' fortune, including massive palaces, expensive wardrobes and Uday\'s Ferrari and various other exotic cars. Latif tries to resist Uday\'s exorbitant merrymaking and erratic behavior, at one point fleeing a nightclub in another of Uday\'s Ferraris to attempt to see his family, who believe he has died in the war. However, he is apprehended by Uday\'s bodyguards and beaten. After an appearance at a conference with several Kuwaiti leaders, an attempt is made on Uday\'s  life, apparently by a member of a rebel opposition group, possibly a Kurd. The real Uday, though, is more concerned with the Kuwaitis, who he believes have been slant drilling from Iraq\'s Rumaila oil field. The First Gulf War is launched with Uday proclaiming "The Age of the Sheikhs is over!" Uday\'s increasingly violent, sadistic tendencies are displayed when he kidnaps a 14-year-old school girl and forces her to escort him to a party. At the party, based on an actual 1988 celebration honoring Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak\'s wife Suzanne, Uday becomes enraged with his father\'s personal bodyguard Kamel Hana Gegeo . Uday believes Gegeo facilitated an affair between Saddam and Samira Shahbandar, which devastated his mother, Sajida Talfah, and he also expresses jealousy at the trust his father places in Kamel Hana. When Gegeo passes sarcastic comments about Uday\'s sexual advances towards his young victim, Uday butchers him with an electric carving knife in front of all of the guests. The next morning, Uday\'s bodyguards are seen dumping the naked, beaten body of the young girl. Latif, acting as Uday, is later sent to Basra to rally support among Republican Guard soldiers as Coalition forces have taken control of the war. At Basra, another attempt is made on Latif\'s life. To Uday\'s great concern, Latif nearly loses a pinky in the assault, which presumably would mean Uday would have to have his amputated to maintain their resemblance, but doctors are able to save Latif\'s finger. Later, Latif is confronted by the father of the young girl Uday killed. Uday eavesdrops on the conversation and is outraged by the man\'s pleas for "justice" and "compassion." Uday orders Latif to kill the man, but Latif refuses and instead slits his own wrists, to Uday\'s amusement. After Latif recovers, he confronts Uday at his birthday party. The confrontation escalates to a shootout and Latif escapes in Uday\'s Mercedes with Uday\'s lover, Sarrab . The two escape to Malta, but Sarrab, fearing for her daughter in Iraq, calls Uday begging for the chance to return without being harmed. A would-be assassin sent by Uday just misses shooting Latif almost as soon as they arrive on the island. Uday calls Latif and offers him one final chance to return to Iraq, threatening to kill his father if he refuses. Latif\'s father encourages him not to return and he is killed. However, Latif does return to Iraq, not to continue to serve as Uday\'s double, but rather to kill him, with the help of a man whose bride killed herself after being raped and beaten by Uday on their wedding day. In an adapted version of the attempt on Uday\'s life made by the 15th Shaaban in 1996, Latif and his partner ambush Uday while he is attempting to lure young girls into his Porsche. They wound him severely, including–consistent with unconfirmed reports of the real-life attack–mangling his genitals with a direct shot. One of Uday\'s bodyguards catches up to Latif as he flees the scene. The guard, however, is one who Latif could have killed as he fled from Uday\'s birthday party before leaving the country but spared, and the guard extends him the same courtesy. The movie ends by stating that Latif has been a very difficult man to find after these events. Uday was permanently handicapped by the attack but survived until his killing by the U.S. forces in 2003.'] ['Good is the story of John Halder , a German literature professor in the 1930s, who is reluctant at first to accept the ideas of the Nazi Party. He is pulled in different emotional directions by his wife, his mother, his mistress  and his Jewish friend . Eventually Halder gives in to Nazism in order to advance his career. He is granted an honorary position in the SS, due to his writings in support of euthanasia. His involvement in the party makes his relationship with his Jewish friend more and more fraught. Finally, Halder finds himself working for Adolf Eichmann. Under the pretext of work he engineers a visit to a concentration camp where he imagines that he sees his emaciated friend. Seeing inmates arriving and the suffering of those at the camp he realizes what his deeds have accomplished.'] ['The film begins with Ron Kovic\'s childhood during a summer in Massapequa, New York. He plays war in the woods, attends a Fourth of July parade, plays and wins at a local neighborhood baseball game, and watches President John F. Kennedy\'s inaugural address, which later inspires him to enlist in the Marines. After Ron Kovic and his classmates hear an impassioned lecture about the Marine Corps, Ron decides to enlist. He misses his prom because he is unable to secure a date with his love interest, Donna. He confronts her at the prom and has a dance with her on his last night before leaving. The film then moves to Kovic\'s second Vietnam tour in October 1967. Now a Marine sergeant and on patrol, his unit massacres a village of Vietnamese citizens, believing them to be enemy combatants. During the retreat, Kovic becomes disoriented and accidentally shoots one of the new arrivals to his platoon, a younger Marine private first class, named Wilson. Despite the frantic efforts of the Navy Corpsmen present who try to save him, Wilson later dies from his wounds, leaving a deep impression on Kovic. Overwhelmed by guilt, Kovic appeals to his executive officer , who merely tells him to forget the incident. The meeting has a negative effect on Ron, who is crushed at being brushed off by his XO. The platoon goes out on another hazardous patrol in January 1968. During a firefight, Kovic is critically wounded and trapped in a field facing sure death, until a fellow Marine rescues him. Paralyzed from the mid-chest down, he spends several months recovering at the Bronx Veterans Administration hospital. The hospital living conditions are deplorable: rats crawl freely on the floors, the staff is generally apathetic to their patients\' needs, doctors visit the patients infrequently, drug use is rampant , and equipment is too old and ill-maintained to be useful. He desperately tries to walk again with the use of crutches and braces, despite repeated warnings from his doctors. However, he soon suffers a bad fall that causes a compound fracture of his thighbone. The injury nearly robs him of his leg, and he vehemently argues with the doctors who briefly consider resorting to amputation. Ron returns home, permanently in a wheelchair, with his leg intact. From the start, he notices how all his family and friends treat him differently now that he is paralyzed. He begins to alienate his family and friends, complaining about students staging anti-war rallies across the country and burning the American flag. Though he tries to maintain his dignity as a Marine, Ron gradually becomes disillusioned, feeling the effects of his paralysis on his life, and realizes that all the things he was taught from birth, like honor, patriotism, and courage, were illusions which he would give up any day to get his legs back. In Ron\'s absence, his younger brother Tommy has already become staunchly anti-war, remarking to Ron directly in his face what the war had done to him, leading to a rift between them. His highly religious mother also seems unable to deal with Ron\'s new attitude as a resentful, paralyzed veteran. His problems are as much psychological as they are physical and he quickly becomes alcoholic and belligerent. During an Independence Day parade, he shows signs of post-traumatic stress when firecrackers explode and when a baby in the crowd starts crying. He reunites with his old high school friend, Timmy Burns, who is also a wounded veteran, and the two spend Ron\'s birthday sharing war stories. Later, Ron goes to visit Donna at her college in Syracuse, New York. The two reminisce and she asks him to attend a vigil for the victims of the Kent State shootings. However, he cannot do so, because his chair prevents him from getting very far on campus because of curbs and stairways. He and Donna are separated after she and her fellow students are captured and taken away by the police at her college for demonstrating a protest against the Vietnam War. After returning home drunk one night after having a barroom confrontation with a World War II veteran who expresses no sympathy to Ron, Ron\'s disillusionment grows severe enough that he has an intense fight with his mother, yelling at her that there was no God, and that they murdered civilians in Vietnam in disregard of Christian morals. Ron travels to a small town in Mexico  that seems to be a haven for paralyzed Vietnam veterans. He has his first sexual experience with a prostitute he believes he\'s in love with. Ron wants to ask her to marry him but when he sees her with another customer, the realization of real love versus a mere physical sexual experience sets in, and he decides against it. Hooking up with another wheelchair-using veteran, Charlie, who is furious over a prostitute\'s mocking his lack of sexual function due to his paralysis, the two travel to what they believe will be a friendlier village. After annoying their taxicab driver, they end up stranded on the side of the road. They quarrel and fight about what each of them had really done in Vietnam, knocking each other out of their wheelchairs. Eventually, they are picked up by a man with a truck and eventually driven back to the "Village of the Sun". On his way back to Long Island, Ron makes a side trek to Georgia to visit the parents and family of Wilson, the Marine he accidentally killed during his tour. He tells them the real story about how their son died and confesses his guilt to them. Wilson\'s widow, now the mother of the deceased Marine\'s toddler son, admits that she cannot find it in her heart to forgive him for killing her husband, but adds that maybe God can. Wilson\'s parents, however, are more forgiving and even sympathetic to his predicament and suffering, because Wilson\'s father fought in the Pacific Theater during World War II and is disillusioned with the war in Vietnam. In spite of the mixed reactions he receives, the confession seems to lift a heavy weight from Ron\'s conscience. Ron joins Vietnam Veterans Against the War  and travels to the 1972 Republican National Convention in Miami. He and his compatriots force their way into the convention hall during Richard Nixon\'s acceptance speech and cause a commotion that makes it onto the national news. Ron himself tells a reporter about his negative experiences in Vietnam and the VA hospital conditions, that the Vietnam war is wrong, and tells him that the Vietnamese people are a proud people fighting against the US for their independence, fueling rage from the surrounding Nixon supporters. His interview is cut short when guards eject him and his fellow vets from the hall and attempt to turn them over to the police. They manage to break free from the police, regroup, and charge the hall again, though not so successfully this time. The film ends with Kovic\'s speaking at the 1976 Democratic National Convention, shortly after the publication of his autobiography, Born on the Fourth of July.'] ["Set in an unspecified country, Stowe's character is taken from her home in the middle of the night, accused of embedding anarchistic messages into her book, entitled Closet Land. The book is a story about a child who, as a result of bad behaviour, has been locked in a closet as punishment. While in there, the child is greeted by a group of childhood ally archetypes who innocently attempt to comfort the scared little girl. The seemingly simple content is questioned by the government, which accuses the author of encouraging and introducing anarchism among its audience of naïve children. While the interrogator is obstinate in his belief that the author is guilty of hidden propaganda, the audience is convinced of the victim's innocence. The audience later learns that the novel was actually created as a form of escapism, providing a coping mechanism for the author, who endured sexual abuse as a child. Near the end of the film, the interrogator claims that he was the man who had sexually abused the author in her childhood. But one cannot be entirely sure he was the one who abused her, as the film suggests he was just using the abuse against her as a way of breaking her down."] ['What\'s the Matter with Kansas? takes viewers to the heart of Middle America, which twice helped elect George W. Bush. The movie shows how Kansas, once home to left-wing movements like the Populist Party, became very conservative in the late 20th century. Abortion is a particularly volatile issue in Kansas, and pro-life activists had long staged protests around Dr. George Tiller\'s abortion clinic, because he was one of the few doctors in the country who performed late-term abortions. The largest of these protests, the Summer of Mercy campaign in 1991, sparked a conservative takeover of the state\'s Republican Party. The movie features a variety of Kansans, most of them conservative, but focuses on three main characters. Angel Dillard is a mother of two, and a Republican activist. We first meet her at the Kansas State Fair, where she is volunteering for the Kansans For Life booth. Brittany Barden is a tireless veteran of several rounds of Republican campaigns. Her mission is to return America to its roots as "a Christian nation". She\'s 18 years old. Donn Teske describes himself as "a red-neck Kansas farmer". He also says corporate greed is "not very Christian". He fights to save his family farm and others like it. Angel and Brittany both attend Terry Fox’s 6,000-member Immanuel Baptist Church in Wichita. Fox thunders from his pulpit denouncements of gay marriage, abortion and liberal politicians. He urges his flock to vote to "preserve Kansas\' conservative movement" on the eve of the midterm elections. In 2006, the winds of change blow through Kansas. Terry Fox’s church forces him to resign. He quickly found a new one -- in an amusement park called Wild West World. Angel follows Fox to his new church, and invests heavily in the park. Wild West World suddenly goes bankrupt, and the owner skips town with everyone’s money. In November, Republicans, even in Kansas, lose heavily in the 2006 midterm elections. There is a question of whether Angel\'s faith - in church and party - will be stretched past its breaking point. Meanwhile, Donn Teske finds that the United States Congress is finally listening to him. He reminds them that family farmers care about the environment and global warming. Despite all their defeats, the Christian Right remains defiant, organized and ready. “We may lose an election or two, but we’ll be back,” says Pastor Fox, speaking to his congregation, gathered at the Wichita Best Western motel.'] ["The film starts just before World War II and shows the political and personal side of Benito Mussolini aka Il Duce's fall from power until his death and the end of the war. It delves into Il Duce's relationship with his son in-law, daughter, wife, mistress, and admiration of Hitler."] ["Abel Rosenberg is an American Jew in Berlin after World War I. Poverty and inflation have destroyed the German economy at the time. He lives with his sister-in-law Manuela, a prostitute and cabaret performer. The story takes place in the week following his brother's death. Abel takes a job offered by an acquaintance, Professor Hans Vergerus."] ['The film begins after the 1997 British general election, where Tony Blair  becomes Britain\'s Labour prime minister. The Queen  is slightly wary of Blair and his pledge to "modernise" the country, but Blair promises to respect the Royal Family. Three months later, Diana, Princess of Wales dies in a car crash in the Alma Bridge tunnel in Paris along with her companion Dodi Fayed and driver Henri Paul. Blair\'s director of communications, Alastair Campbell , prepares a speech in which Diana is described as "the people\'s princess". Blair gives his speech the next day and the phrase catches on. Over the next few days, millions of people across London display an outpouring of grief at Buckingham and Kensington Palaces. Meanwhile, the Royal Family are still at Balmoral Castle, their summer estate in Aberdeenshire, Scotland. Diana\'s death sparks division among numerous members of the family. The Royal Family observes that, since Diana was divorced from her husband, Prince Charles  a year earlier, she is no longer a part of the family. They insist that Diana\'s funeral is a "private affair" and is best left to Diana\'s noble family, the Spencers. Charles argues that the mother of a future king cannot be dismissed so lightly, and the Queen allows the use of an aircraft of the British Royal Flight to bring Diana\'s body back to England. In London, flowers pile up along the palace railings, forcing the changing of the Queen\'s guard to use another gate. British tabloids become inflammatory about the lack of a statement from the Royal Family. Charles leaves no doubt that he shares Blair\'s views about the need for a statement. As the Royal Family\'s ratings plummet, Blair\'s popularity rises, to the delight of his anti-monarchist advisers and wife Cherie . However, Blair does not share these sentiments. While disagreeing with the Queen\'s course of action, Blair begins to develop an admiration for her. Blair disagrees with his wife\'s views and tells her that a republican Britain is ludicrous, and begins to denounce the anti-royal disdain of his Labour Party advisors. Blair calls the Queen at Balmoral and recommends strong measures to regain public confidence for the monarchy: attend a public funeral for Diana at Westminster Abbey, fly a Union flag at half mast over Buckingham Palace, and speak to the nation about Diana\'s life and legacy in a televised address. Blair\'s recommendations outrage several other members of the Royal Family including Prince Philip  and the Queen Mother . Philip is surprised that Elton John is asked to attend and sing a song, "Candle in the Wind" in Diana\'s memory. They view such steps as an undignified surrender to public hysteria. The Queen seems concerned about this and although she shares their feelings, she has doubts as she closely follows the news. The Queen believes that there has been a shift in public values and that perhaps she should abdicate. The Queen Mother dismisses the idea, saying that she is one of the greatest assets her monarchy has ever had, stating: "The real problem will come when you leave". She also reminds the Queen of the promise she made in Cape Town, South Africa on her 21st birthday, in which she promised that her "whole life, whether it be long or short, shall be devoted to your service and the service of our great imperial family to which we all belong..." Meanwhile, Philip attempts to distract William and Harry  from Diana\'s death by taking them deer stalking. While venturing out alone in her Land Rover, the Queen damages the vehicle while crossing a river and is forced to telephone for assistance. The Queen weeps in frustration, but catches sight of a majestic Red Deer which Philip, William, and Harry have been stalking. She is struck by his beauty and the two stare at each other. Hearing a distant gunshot, she shoos the animal away. The Queen decides to carry out Blair\'s recommendations. While preparing to return to London to attend Diana\'s public funeral, the Queen is horrified to learn that the deer has been killed on a neighbouring estate. She asks to see the stag and is upset at its loss. The Royal Family finally return to London to inspect the floral tributes, and while watching live television coverage along with his staff, Blair becomes angry and disappointed at his Labour Party advisors, for which he states that the Queen is admirable, and thinks that Diana had thrown everything she offered back in her face and seemed to destroy everything held most dear by the Queen. The Queen later follows Blair\'s advice and gives her public statement, speaking about Diana\'s life and legacy on live television and describing Diana as "an exceptional and gifted human being". Two months after Diana\'s death, Blair visits Buckingham Palace for a weekly meeting. The Queen finally regained her popularity, but she believes that Blair has benefited himself from her acquiescence to his advice and that she will never fully recover from "that week". The Queen cautions Blair that one day, he will find that public opinion can rapidly turn against him and declares that times have changed and that the monarchy must "modernise". When Blair suggests that he can help with this, the Queen replies: "Don\'t get ahead of yourself, Prime Minister. Remember, I\'m supposed to be the one advising you".'] ['On the eve of a revolution in an East European country, Dr. Daniel Pavenic  sits down to dinner with some friends and discusses his past and his obsession with a former house servant. His shocking honesty eventually leads to his guests also disclosing some of their own secrets.'] ["The now famous introduction to Cramer is a simple shot of him stepping off a bus, carrying only a light suitcase, with innate confidence, a confidence which remains with him. On an interpersonal level, starting with the first character Cramer meets, the audience sees he is a charmer, but it is soon revealed that the character uses this charm quite professionally, in furtherance of a hard, cunning political effort to incite Caxton's existing racial tension into violence. At the same time, Cramer seeks personal pleasure with every interaction. Cramer's racist, incendiary politics are thereby proven inseparable from his pleasure. By manipulating many of Caxton's citizens on a personal level, Cramer implements a strategic plan to incite violent action, which culminates in a way even more violent than he predicted. Following an inflammatory speech by Cramer in front of the town hall, the first act of open violence is when the Ku Klux Klan, headed by Cramer, burns a cross in the black district, followed by the harassment and near-lynching of a black driver and his family. It is then that a rational, internally secure character named Tom McDaniel, played by veteran actor Frank MaxwellFrank Maxwell realizes he is willing to stand up against both Cramer and the townspeople's hatred toward their black neighbors—this costs him a severe beating by his white neighbors, resulting in concussion and the loss of one eye. Realizing his grip on the mob may be fading, Cramer shrewdly manipulates McDaniel's teenage daughter  into making a false claim of interracial rape, which causes a mob to gather around the Caxton high school. A parallel plot line has developed meanwhile, around Cramer's next-door neighbors at the motel, salesman Sam Griffin and his emotionally unstable wife, Vi, whom Cramer seduces while Griffin is away on business. Upon returning, Sam discovers his wife has left and confronts Cramer. Accurately assessing Cramer's nature during the ensuing confrontation, he goes on to break up the high school mob using his personal skills and natural presence, as well as a true confession by McDaniel's daughter. Rather than approach Cramer's sociopathy violently, or take revenge for Cramer's seduction of Griffin's wife, Griffin, without animosity, offers Cramer bus fare out of town."] ['Madrid, Roberto Orbea  is a member of the Spanish communist party. He is married to Carmen , and he has been elected as Deputy in the first democratic elections in Spain. But his enemies, the fascist, know his double life. Roberto likes boys, and they hire Juanito  to seduce the politician. They fall in love...'] ['The film tells the remarkable and sometimes harrowing story of four young men and the extremes they went to in order to capture their pictures in the crucial days prior to the downfall of Apartheid in South Africa.Tribute.ca: Steven Silver & Frank Rautenbach The Bang Bang Club Interview'] ['The film is set in the tense period in the Israel-Palestinian peace process shortly after the assassination of Yitzhak Rabin and the election of Benjamin Netanyahu, with the strained relations implied but not explicitly depicted.Schwartz, Dennis. "Chronicle of a Disappearance". Ozus\' World Movie Reviews. Published June 1, 1999. Retrieved August 22, 2009. The character of Suleiman in the film is described only as \'E.S.\' The first, and lightest, section is the "Nazareth Personal Diary", featuring warm observations of his family and his relatives\' lives. Some of the notable vignettes include the dull yet comedic routines of the proprietor of a souvenir shop called "the Holyland" in which he fills bottles of alleged holy water from his own tap and fails to keep a cheap camel statuette from falling over on his shelves. A short middle segment shows E.S. getting up to speak at a conference on Palestinian film making; the microphone immediately begins feeding back and he leaves the podium. The last section, "Jerusalem Political Diary, has a quicker narrative pace and a more overtly ideological message. Suleiman discovers an Israeli policeman\'s walkie-talkie, and he then meets up with a single young Arab woman who is engaging in a search for an apartment that is just as fruitless as the two men\'s search for tourists. The woman, who speaks fluent Hebrew, is told by Jewish landlords that they do not rent to Arabs, while an Arab landlord tells her to live at home in accordance to Islamic tradition. She uses the walkie-talkie to play various pranks on the Israeli police, at one point singing an overly malevolent version of Israel\'s national anthem over the air.Brody, Richard. "Chronicle of a Disappearance". The New Yorker. Published October 2, 2006. Retrieved August 22, 2009. The end comes after a long shot of Suliman\'s parents sleeping, with all the lights off and Israeli material playing on their television.'] ["In A Dry White Season, Donald Sutherland portrays the character of Ben Du Toit, a South African school teacher. The story takes place in 1976, around the Soweto Riots, during the Apartheid system that lasted from 1948 until 1994. The story begins when a gardener at Ben's school, a black man named Gordon, seeks his help while investigating the death of his son during the Riots. Like many South African whites, Ben refuses to get involved in the racial divides that have been tearing the country apart, thinking that Gordon's claims against the white minority government are unfounded. Things change when Ben sees firsthand the brutality by his own race against blacks, particularly when he sees the dead body of Gordon at the morgue not long after being tortured at the hands of the secret, corrupt government police. Gordon's wife, Emily, is also killed later, and also under suspicious circumstances. Upset by this turn of events, Ben retains Ian Mackenzie , a human rights attorney, to assist him with the case. Ben's political awakening is so complete by this time that his crusade to bring those responsible for the deaths of Gordon and his family members eventually take their toll on his own family. Eventually, Ben Du Toit pays the ultimate price for standing up to a corrupt government for basic human rights and equality."] ['Charismatic roving peddler Hank Martin  falls in love at first sight with schoolteacher Verity Wade  and soon marries her. On their wedding day, he rents a ramshackle home from his upper class lawyer friend Jules Bolduc . Hank rounds up some of his many friends to fix up the place, but Verity begins to realize that he is not as nice as he appears to be; while they do the work, he sees nothing wrong in going inside to read a law book. He confides to her that it is all a matter of manipulating people the right way. Jules invites the couple to dine with him that night, but Hank soon quarrels with another guest, Robert L. Castlebury IV . He accuses Castlebury, the owner of the company that buys cotton, of shortchanging the poor farmers. When Hank goes about his business, Verity accompanies him to the bayou. A young woman named Flamingo  leaps into his arms, but when she learns that he is now married, she tries to arrange for an alligator to rid her of her rival. Verity is only injured. However, Flamingo does not give up on the man she has loved since she was a teen. After Hank sends Verity home to recover, Flamingo tracks Hank down on the road. She overcomes his resistance, and they start an affair. Hank sets out to prove that Castlebury is cheating. When Hank proves that the weights used are seriously inaccurate, one of Castlebury\'s men aims a rifle at one of Hank\'s followers, and is killed by farmer Jeb Brown . To avoid inflammatory publicity, Castlebury sees to it that Brown\'s murder trial is repeatedly postponed. Shadowy power broker Guy Polli  offers to use his influence to get the case heard in return for Hank\'s "thanks". When Castlebury manager Samuel T. Beach  shoots and mortally wounds the prisoner, Hank persuades the dying man to go to court anyway. Even though Brown expires, Hank has enough time to persuade the jury to declare him innocent posthumously before the judge can adjourn, and to tell the true story to the gathered press. The resulting publicity forces Castlebury to sell his company to Polli , and enables Hank to run for governor. However, a major rainstorm the day before the election prevents many of Hank\'s rural supporters from voting. In desperation, he goes to see Polli. Polli offers the votes of certain city precincts he controls, but in return, he insists that Hank sign an affidavit stating that Beach was with him at the time Brown was shot; the company Polli has bought would be destroyed if Beach were convicted. Hank reluctantly agrees. Each candidate wins the same number of counties, but the state assembly that will break the tie is controlled by the incumbent. Rather than try again in four years, Hank urges his supporters to march on the capital as an armed mob. Just as they are starting out, Jules shows up, stating he has proof that Beach is Brown\'s murderer, and that Hank knowingly signed the false affidavit to get Polli\'s support. When Verity confirms Hank was actually with her at the time of the killing, Brown\'s widow shoots Hank. As Hank is dying, he tells his wife that his supporters were smarter than he thought.'] ["The movie portrayed the relationship between the British colonialists and native villagers, and their exploitation by Indian landlords in 1920's India. It also depicts the development of a friendship between a British administrator with a flair for game hunting, and a village man, who is an expert archer. This happens in the backdrop of the awakening of the Indian people against the British rule."] ['Abu  and Aishumma  are an elderly Moplah Muslim couple living in Kerala\'s Malabar region. Their aspiration is to go for Hajj, the pilgrimage to Mecca, and they sacrifice to achieve this aim. Their son Sattar has migrated to the Middle East  with his family and has virtually discarded his parents. Now in their late 70s, the couple decide to go for Hajj that year.  Abu sells attar , religious books and Unani medicines that nobody seems to want nowadays. Aishumma breeds cattle and hens, helping her husband realise their shared dream. Abu feels as outdated and discarded by a fast-changing world as the traditional products that he sells. A school teacher , Abu\'s friend, comes to his aid at his time of need. Hyder , a local teashop owner also empathises with Abu who in turn is frequently given genuine advice by a mysterious saint known simply as "Ustad" . Good-natured people try to help Abu by offering to loan him the amount, but as this goes against the accepted Islamic practices, he refuses to take anything. With the advancing years, Abu\'s desperation also grows. Finally, in frustration and distress, Abu sells his cow and old jackfruit tree. Abu is helped by the manager of a travel agency ([[Mukesh  to get flight tickets and other documents for his journey. A policeman  initially tries to reject Abu\'s passport application, but once he gets his usual bribe he becomes quite helpful. The couple begins their preparations which include attending the Hajj preparation classes conducted by the travel agency, being vaccinated for meningococcal meningitis and buying new Ihram clothing. Abu pays off even the smallest of his old debts as part of the preparations and travels miles to seek forgiveness from Sulaiman, a previous neighbour with whom he once fought. When the passports and the tickets are ready and a bus journey away in Kozhikode, the sawmill owner , while handing over the money for Abu\'s tree, says that its wood turned out to be rotten and useless. He insists that Abu still take the money, however, since his cause is noble. Abu refuses it, saying that it wouldn\'t be halal and hence could anger God. When he is sure that he cannot fulfill his dream, Abu reaches another conclusion&nbsp;&ndash; that the tree too had life, and several lives must have died when he cut the tree in front of his house. Abu conjectures that that maybe one of the reasons for his not being able to go on the journey. On the dawn of the Hajj, Abu tells his wife that they will go the next year; he plants a new sapling of a jackfruit tree and is seen going to the mosque to pray on the morning of Hajj.'] ["The film is set in London in June, 1911. George V will be crowned king on 22 June and in the preceding days many of the most important dignitaries arrive. Among those arriving are King Nicholas of Carpathia and the regent, Prince Charles. The British government realises the succession in Carpathia is critical to the rising tension in Europe and to gain favour with them would be wise. They find it necessary to pamper the royals during their stay in London, and thus civil servant Northbrook is detached to their service. Northbrook decides to take the Prince Regent out to the musical performance The Coconut Girl. During the interval the Prince Regent is taken backstage to meet the cast. He is particularly uninterested in engaging with the male actors and extremely interested only in the physical charms of Elsie Marina, one of the performers, and sends a formal written invitation for her to meet him at the embassy for supper. Elsie arrives at the embassy and is soon joined by the Prince Regent, a stiff, pompous but powerful fool. She expects a party but quickly realises the Prince's true intentions -- to seduce her. She was previously persuaded not to leave early by Northbrook, who promised to provide an excuse for her to escape. While Elsie is there for love, the Prince has other ideas. He is inept at romance, however, and turns his back on her to take a phone call. He then makes a clumsy pass at her, to which she's accustomed from men and immediately rebuffs. She pointedly explains how inept he is at romance and the Prince then changes his tactics. The two eventually kiss and Elsie admits she may be falling in love, but she passes out from the many drinks he has encouraged her to consume. The Prince places her in an adjoining bedroom to stay the night. The following day, Elsie overhears a conversation concerning the young Nicolas' plotting with the German embassy to overthrow his father. Promising not to tell, Elsie then meets the Dowager Queen, the prince's mother-in-law, who decides she should join them for the coronation in place of her lady-in-waiting. The ceremony passes and Elsie refuses to tell the Prince Regent details of the treasonous plot. During the Coronation Ball  she persuades Nicholas to draw up a contract in which he confesses his and the Germans' intent, but only if the Prince agrees to a general election. The Prince Regent is impressed and realizes that he has fallen in love with Elsie. The morning after the Coronation Ball, Elsie irons out the differences between father and son. Her honesty and sincerity have inspired the prince finally to show love to his son in private, rather than only affecting it in public. The next day, the Carpathians must leave to return home. The Prince Regent had planned to have Elsie join them; in eighteen months' time, his regency will be over and he will be a free citizen. She reminds him that that is also the length of her music-hall contract. They both realize that much can happen in eighteen months and say goodbye. The ending is ambiguous, left up to the viewer to decide if they will meet again in 18 months time."] ['Joshua Rose , a State Department Official on embassy duty in Paris, sees his wife  and son killed in a bombing by suspected Islamic terrorists. Immediately after the family funeral he storms into a nearby mosque and shoots several worshippers. His friend Peter  is forced to shoot one of the survivors outside when the man tries to kill Rose, and in order to avoid arrest they join the French Foreign Legion, with Joshua taking the name Guy. The film moves forward to the war in Bosnia where "Guy" and Peter are now fighting for the Bosnian Serbs, stationed on a bridge separating them and the Bosnian Muslims in a town. Guy mans a sniper post overlooking the bridge, and witnesses Peter\'s death when Peter drops his guard at a checkpoint and a young girl throws a grenade at him. Guy in turn shoots a child crossing the bridge. Guy is then seen searching the Muslim side of the town following a ceasefire along with a Bosnian Serb soldier Goran . In one house they find an elderly Muslim woman who is confined to bed and shell-shocked. Guy also finds a dead woman in the same room and a sleeping baby who has been hidden in a wardrobe but does not inform Goran who hacks a finger off the old woman in order to steal her ring. After they leave the house a helicopter attacks the town. As Goran takes cover Guy stays out in the open and returns to the house, seemingly to find the baby, but finds that both the child and the old lady have been killed by falling rubble. Later, Guy and Goran prepare for a prisoner exchange with the Bosnian Muslim forces. When they arrive at the exchange point one of the young Serbian women prisoners being exchanged, Vera , is visibly pregnant because she was raped by the Muslim forces. Guy and Goran take her in Goran\'s car and they head towards her village. In the car Goran is abusive towards Vera for becoming pregnant by a Bosnian Muslim Army soldier even though Guy points out that she was almost certainly raped. Goran eventually stops the car in a tunnel. He throws Vera out of the car and begins to kick her as she lies on the ground. The assault forces Vera into premature labor. As Goran prepares to shoot the soon-to-be-born child, Guy shoots and kills Goran. He then helps deliver her baby. When he shows Vera the child she rejects it and attempts to shoot herself before Guy manages to stop her. They continue to her village where she is rejected by her family due to the shame felt by her father. They leave the village with Guy, intending to head for a refugee camp where Vera and the baby would be looked after. Vera continues to reject the child and does not communicate with Guy. After being told by Goran\'s family that Goran\'s body has been found and that Guy must have killed him, Vera\'s father and brother head off in pursuit of them. They eventually catch up with them when they stop to get milk for the child. Guy is shot and injured, but Vera places herself between him and her father as he goes to kill him, and her father backs off and allows them to leave. They briefly return to Vera\'s village to find it has been attacked, and have to watch from a distance as her family and other villagers are rounded up and led away by Bosnian Muslim fighters. Guy decides to head for the safety of the UN zone in Split on the Dalmatian Coast. On their way they stop and take refuge with an elderly Croatian man and his Serbian wife. The old man tells Guy "before the war [Serbs and Croats] no difference and now, stupid," pointing to his head to show madness. After moving on they reach what they think is a relatively safe area. Vera leaves Guy and the child to rest in an abandoned and half-sunk boat on the edge of a lake while she goes to find a bus that will take them to Split. Vera is captured along with other civilians by soldiers of Croatian Defence Council. The Croat soldiers take their prisoners to the waterfront where Guy is hiding in the boat. One soldier then proceeds to beat several to death with a sledgehammer, including Vera, as they stand in the water. The fighters shoot those that are left as Guy witnesses the slaughter from inside the boat but can do nothing without giving himself and the child away. He smothers the baby in order to keep her quiet as the soldiers prepare to leave. She stops breathing but he manages to successfully resuscitate her. He eventually makes his way onto a bus that takes them to Split where he leaves Vera\'s baby in an unattended Red Cross vehicle before walking to a pier, throwing his gun in the water and collapsing on a bench. A woman who was on the bus with him and saw him place the baby in the car approaches him, carrying the girl and offering to help them. When she asks if the baby is his, Guy replies that she is and the woman promises to take them both to hospital. The film ends with the closing credits.'] ['The film opens with Jude Quinn  {{cite web}} Woody Guthrie , an 11-year old African American boy, is seen carrying a guitar in a case labeled "This machine kills fascists" as he travels the country, pursuing his dream of becoming a singer. Gray, 2006, The Bob Dylan Encyclopedia, pp. 287–289. Woody befriends the African-American Arvin family, who give him food and hospitality, and Woody in turn performs Bob Dylan\'s 1965 song "Tombstone Blues", accompanied by Richie Havens . At dinner, Mrs. Arvin advises Woody: "Live your own time, child, sing about your own time". Later that night, Woody leaves the Arvins\' home, leaving behind a note thanking them, and catches a ride on a train, where a group of thieves attempt to rob him. He jumps from the speeding train and dives into a river, where a white couple rescue him and take him to a hospital, before bringing him home. They receive a phone call from a juvenile correction center in Minnesota from which Woody had escaped. The phone call prompts Woody\'s swift departure, and he takes a Greyhound bus to Greystone Park Hospital in New Jersey, where he visits  Woody Guthrie, leaving flowers at Guthrie\'s bedside and playing his guitar. (Over the hospital sequence, Bob Dylan performs his song "[[Blind Willie McTell  Ben Whishaw plays a young man who shares his name with the nineteenth century French poet Arthur Rimbaud. Arthur is solely seen in an interrogation room where he gives oblique answers to  questioners. Christian Bale plays Jack Rollins, a young folk singer, whose story is framed as a documentary and told by interviewees such as fictional folk singer named Alice Fabian—described by some critics as a Joan Baez-like figure<ref name  http://rogerebert.suntimes.com/apps/pbcs.dll/article?AID I\'m Not There| author  21 November 2007| accessdate  rogerebert.com}}<ref name  http://gothamist.com/2006/04/18/nyc_album_art_t.php | title  Gothamist | date  2009-03-01}} Robbie and Claire attend the premiere of the movie, which turns out to be a disappointment for Claire and the audience. Robbie and Claire\'s relationship begins to unravel, as Claire glimpses Robbie touching another woman at a party and is disturbed by his misogynistic attitude in comments such as "chicks can never be poets". At the end of their marriage, Robbie and Claire argue over custody of their children and Robbie and Claire file for divorce. The result of the custody battle seems to be in Claire\'s favor, but Robbie leaves taking his daughters on a boat trip while archival clips show Henry Kissinger and Le Duc Tho signing the Paris Peace Accords. Gray, The Bob Dylan Encyclopedia, pp. 198–200. In the film, the relationship between Robbie and Claire lasts precisely as long as American involvement in the Vietnam War. Cate Blanchett plays Jude Quinn, seen at a concert in a New England town, performing a rock version of "Maggie\'s Farm" to the outraged folk music fans.  Jude is seen arriving at a press conference in London and answering questions. Heylin, 1996, Bob Dylan: A Life In Stolen Moments, p. 87.Dylan\'s 1965 press conference reproduced in: Hedin , 2004, Studio A: The Bob Dylan Reader, pp. 51–58. Later, in his hotel suite, Jude is threatened by a hotel waiter brandishing a knife, who is knocked out by Jude\'s lover with a vase. Jude\'s operations in London are supervised by his manager, Norman , played by Mark Camacho. In a surreal episode, Jude is seen gambolling at high speed in a park with the Beatles, following a cloud of smoke presumed to represent Dylan\'s introducing the band to cannabis. (The speeded-up film echoes the style of Dick Lester\'s direction in [[A Hard Day\'s Night . Jude is then confronted by BBC cultural reporter, Keenan Jones, played by Bruce Greenwood . Jude and his entourage meet the poet Allen Ginsberg, played by David Cross, who suggests that Jude may be "selling out" to God. Keenan Jones later asks Jude whether he cares about what he sings about every night, to which Jude replies, "How can I answer that if you\'ve got the nerve to ask me?" and walks out of the interview. . The Dylan song "Ballad of a Thin Man" plays as Keenan Jones moves through a surreal episode in which he appears to act out the song\'s lyrics."You walk into the room/ With your pencil in your hand/ You see somebody naked / And you say: \'Who is that man?\'" Jones is seen obtaining a copy of Jude Quinn\'s high school year book. In concert, Jude performs "Ballad of a Thin Man", when one of his outraged fans shouts "Judas!" Jude replies "I don\'t believe you".  As the fans rush the stage in an apparent attempt to attack Jude, he narrowly escapes with his band. Back in his hotel suite, Jude watches Keenan Jones on television reveal that the true identity of Jude Quinn is "Aaron Jacob Edelstein" . Jude later throws a party where his guests include Brian Jones, The Rolling Stones guitarist, and wealthy socialite and "queen of the underground" Coco Rivington, whom Jude insults.  As Jude\'s condition from drug usage worsens, he vomits in his friend\'s lap. Jude and Allen Ginsberg are later seen at the foot of a huge crucifix, apparently talking to Jesus. Jude shouts at the figure on the cross: "Why don\'t you do your early stuff?" and "How does it feel?!". After being whisked off in a car, Jude passes out on the floor while his friends stare down at him. Jude\'s manager, Norman observes: "I don\'t think he can get back on stage. He\'s gotten inside so many psyches – and death is just such a part of the American scene right now." Jude is last seen in his car directly addressing the viewer, "Everyone knows I\'m not a folk singer". Richard Gere portrays the outlaw Billy the Kid. Billy searches unsuccessfully for his dog, Henry, and then meets his friend, Homer. Homer tells Billy about Pat Garrett\'s destruction of Riddle County and the high incidence of suicide and murder. As the townspeople celebrate Halloween, a funeral takes place and a band performs Dylan\'s Basement Tapes song "Goin\' to Acapulco" (sung by Jim James and backed by the band [[Calexico . Following the service, Pat Garrett  arrives and confronts the townspeople. Billy dons a mask to disguise himself and tells Garrett to stay clear of Riddle County. Garrett then orders the authorities to arrest Billy and he is taken to the county jail. Billy escapes from the jail  and hops a ride on a train. Billy then sees his dog, Henry, one last time. Billy finds a guitar on the train that reads "This Machine kills Fascists", the same guitar that Woody Guthrie played at the beginning of the film. Billy\'s final words are "People are always talking about freedom, the freedom to live a certain way without being kicked around. \'Course the more you live a certain way the less it feels like freedom. Me? I can change during the course of a day. When I wake I\'m one person, when I go to sleep I know for certain I\'m somebody else. I don\'t know who I am most of the time. It\'s like you got yesterday, today and tomorrow all in the same room. There\'s no telling what can happen."In his 1997 interview with David Gates of Newsweek, Dylan said: "I don\'t think I\'m tangible to myself. I mean, I think one thing today and I think another thing tomorrow. I change during the course of a day. I wake and I\'m one person, and when I go to sleep I know for certain I\'m somebody else. I don\'t know who I am most of the time. It doesn\'t even matter to me."{{cite web}} The film ends with a close-up of the real Bob Dylan playing an extended harmonica solo during a live performance of "Mr. Tambourine Man". The footage was shot by D. A. Pennebaker during Dylan\'s 1966 World Tour.'] ["The film centers around the Essenbecks, a wealthy industrialist family who have begun doing business with the Nazi Party. On the night of the Reichstag fire, the family's conservative patriarch, Baron Joachim von Essenbeck, who represents the old aristocratic Germany and detests Hitler, is murdered. Herbert Thalmann, the family firm's vice president who openly opposes the Nazis, is framed for the crime. He escapes the grasp of the Gestapo, but his wife Elizabeth  and their children do not. The empire passes to the control of an unscrupulous relative, the boorish SA officer Konstantin . Waiting in the wings are his son Günther , a sensitive and troubled student, and his nephew, Martin , an amoral, sexually deviant playboy who is secretly molesting his young cousin as well as a poor Jewish girl. Martin is dominated by his possessive mother, Sophie , the widow of Baron Joachim's only son, a fallen World War I hero. Martin's drag performance as Marlene Dietrich in The Blue Angel at his grandfather's birthday celebration, notorious at the time of the film's release, has since become an iconic image in cinema history. Friedrich Bruckmann , an employee of the family firm and Sophie's lover, ascends in power despite his lowly social status, thanks to Sophie's support and the SS officer and family relation Aschenbach , who pits family factions against each other to move their steel and munition works into state control. Friedrich kills Konstantin in the SS coup against the SA during its 1934 meeting to deal with its dissatisfaction with Hitler. Known as The Night of the Long Knives, the SA meeting and the subsequent executions of its leaders by the SS is portrayed as a homosexual orgy and bloody gangster-style massacre. Aschenbach now dismisses Friedrich, who now controls the family fortunes, as a weak social climber and not a loyal Nazi. Herbert Thalmann now returns to the family table. He reveals that his wife and children were sent to Dachau concentration camp where his wife died; he is handing himself over to the Gestapo in return for the freedom of his children. Aschenbach makes a deal with the discounted and ignored heir, Martin, to remove Friedrich and Sophie from control, so that Martin may get what is owed him. Martin sexually assaults his mother, who falls into a catatonic state. Now in the SS, he allows Friedrich  to wed his mother, and then hands them the poison to commit suicide."] ['MelsA popular Soviet communist name - an abbreviation of Marx, Engels, Lenin, Stalin > Mels, a member of Komsomol , helps break up a stilyagi party. He briefly meets and is intrigued by a hipster girl named Polly, who invites him to hang out with her friends on "Broadway." Mels is drawn to Polly and seeks to win her over by becoming part of their world of colorful fashions, dancing, and loud music. He begins to adopt their fashions and even purchases a saxophone off the black market which he learns to play in the illicit jazz style. His old traditional communist friends shun him, but he remains refreshingly optimistic. Through his jazz career he is able to woo Polly and they consummate their relationship. After dating for a small while Polly eventually reveals she is pregnant although not with his child. Mels denies that the child is not his and insists they will raise the baby together. Polly is kicked from her home by her mother and goes to live with Mels and his family. The baby is born and is clearly not Mels as it is born black, however Mels and his family accepts the child despite this, though Mels remains bitter and this affects his relationship to Polly and in turn Polly\'s relationship to their friendship circle.'] ['In 1846, in Lower Manhattan\'s Five Points, a territorial war between the "Natives"  and recently arrived Irish Catholic immigrants, is coming to a head in Paradise Square. The Natives are led by "Bill the Butcher" Cutting , a Protestant nativist. The leader of the Irish gang, the Dead Rabbits, is known as "Priest" Vallon . The gangs meet in a bloody battle, concluding when Bill kills Vallon, which Vallon\'s son Amsterdam  witnesses. Cutting declares the Dead Rabbits outlawed and orders Vallon\'s body be buried with honor. Amsterdam seizes the knife used to kill his father, races off, and buries it. He is found and taken to the orphanage at Hellgate. In September 1862, Amsterdam  returns to New York. Arriving in Five Points, he reunites with an old friend, Johnny Sirocco , who introduces Amsterdam to Bill the Butcher. Amsterdam finds many of his father\'s old loyalists are now under Bill\'s control, including Happy Jack Mulraney , a corrupt city constable, and McGloin , now one of Bill\'s lieutenants. Amsterdam works his way into Bill\'s inner circle, and learns that each year, on the anniversary of the Five Points battle , Bill leads the city in saluting the victory over the Dead Rabbits. He makes plans to kill Bill during this ceremony, in order to exact public revenge. Amsterdam meets Jenny Everdeane , a very successful and discreet pickpocket and grifter, to whom he is attracted. His interest is dampened when he discovers she was once Bill\'s ward and still enjoys Bill\'s affections. Amsterdam becomes involved in the semi-criminal empire of Boss Tweed , the leader of Tammany Hall. During a performance of Uncle Tom\'s Cabin, Amsterdam thwarts an assassination attempt that leaves Bill wounded. Amsterdam realizes he acted more out of honest devotion to Bill than from his own plan of revenge. Both retire to a brothel, where Jenny nurses Bill. Amsterdam confronts Jenny over Bill, and they have an argument that dissolves into lovemaking. Late that night, Amsterdam wakes to find Bill sitting by his bed in a rocking chair, draped in a tattered American flag. Bill says "Priest" Vallon was the last enemy he ever fought who was worthy of real respect, and "Priest" once beat Bill soundly and then let him live in shame rather than kill him. Bill credits the incident with giving him strength of will and character to return and fight for his own authority. Bill admits he has come to look upon Amsterdam as the son he never had. The evening of the ceremony arrives. Johnny reveals Amsterdam\'s identity and his plot to kill Bill. During a knife-throwing act involving Jenny, Bill baits Amsterdam when he throws the knife to leave a superficial cut on her throat. Amsterdam throws a knife at Bill, which Bill deflects, and counters with a knife throw of his own, hitting Amsterdam in the abdomen. Bill then repeatedly beats him as the crowd cheers. Bill proclaims he will let Amsterdam live as "[a] freak, worthy of Barnum\'s museum of wonders". Afterwards, in hiding, Jenny nurses Amsterdam back to health, and implores him to leave New York. They are visited by "Monk" McGinn , who was a mercenary for Vallon in the battle of the Five Points. He gives Amsterdam a straight razor that belonged to Vallon. Amsterdam places a dead rabbit on a fence in Paradise Square. The rabbit finds its way to Bill, who sends Happy Jack to find out who sent the message. Amsterdam ambushes Jack in the catacombs, strangles him, and hangs his body in Paradise Square. In retaliation, Bill has Johnny beaten nearly to death and run through with an iron pike. When McGloin goes to pray at a Catholic church, and sees Amsterdam\'s friend, Jimmy Spoils , he objects to letting a "nigger" in the church. Amsterdam and his friends respond by beating McGloin. The Nativists march to the Catholic Church, where the Irish stand on the steps in defense. Bill promises to return when they are ready. "Boss" Tweed approaches Amsterdam with a plan to defeat Bill: Tweed will back the candidacy of "Monk" McGinn for sheriff in return for the Irish vote. On election day, Bill and Amsterdam force people to the polls, some of them several times, with the result that "Monk" wins by more votes than there are voters. Bill confronts "Monk", who does not respond to Bill\'s challenge, suggesting they discuss the matter democratically. Bill then throws a meat cleaver into "Monk\'s" back and kills him with his own shillelagh. During "Monk\'s" funeral, Amsterdam issues a traditional challenge to fight, which Bill accepts. The New York City draft riots break out, and many upper-class citizens and African-Americans are attacked by the rioters. Union soldiers enter the city to put down the riots. As the gangs meet, they are hit by shells from naval ships in the harbor firing directly into Paradise Square. Many are killed, and an enormous cloud of dust and debris covers the area. Union soldiers then fire into the square, killing numerous people, including McGloin. Amsterdam and Bill exchange blows in the haze, then are thrown to the ground by another shell blast. When the smoke clears, Bill discovers he has been hit by a piece of shrapnel. He declares, "Thank God, I die a true American.". Amsterdam stabs him, and Bill dies with his hand locked in Amsterdam\'s. Bill is buried in Brooklyn, in view of the smoke-filled Manhattan skyline, next to the grave of "Priest" Vallon. Amsterdam narrates New York would be rebuilt, but they are no longer remembered, as if "we were never here". The scene then shifts, as modern New York City is built, from the Brooklyn Bridge to the Empire State Building to the World Trade Center, and the graves of Bill and "Priest" gradually deteriorate.'] ["The film tells the story of Phil Campbell , a journalist who has just lost his job and gets roped into leading Grant Cogswell's political campaign. Grant, played by Joel David Moore, is Phil's enthusiastic friend whose passion for the monorail inspires him to run for Seattle City Council.{{cite web}}"] ["The film flashes back and forth between the 1970s and 1980s and centers on the relationship between Fielding Pierce, a young Coast Guard officer with political ambitions, and idealistic Roman Catholic Sarah Williams, who is drawn to programs designed to better the lives of the underprivileged and has mixed feelings about his career goals. In the opening scene, Fielding sees a television news program reporting Sarah's death in a Minneapolis car bombing following a church-organized excursion to Chile to feed the poor and organize resistance to the oppressive right-wing government. He never quite recovers from the news, and he finds himself increasingly haunted by the past, in which the couple were as romantically close as they were politically apart, divided by his desire to work within the system and her conviction that the system is the root of all evil. His obsession with Sarah slowly puts his career, forthcoming marriage, and sanity in jeopardy. The question of whether or not Sarah actually was killed remains unresolved as Fielding's sister Caroline reports having seen her on the street some years later and Fielding himself supposedly meets her after being elected to the United States Congress, only to wonder afterwards if she merely was a hallucination."] ['Born the same day at the start of the 20th century, 27 January 1901, Alfredo Berlinghieri and Olmo Dalcò come from opposite ends of the social spectrum. Alfredo is from a family of landowners led by his abusive but populist grandfather, while Olmo is an illegitimate peasant son off the estate whose grandfather, Leo, is the foreman and peasants strong man who verbally and spiritually carries a duel of wits but without reaching violence ever with Alfredo\'s. As Alfredo is somewhat rebellious and despises the falseness of his family, in particular his weak but cynical father, he befriends Olmo, who was raised as a socialist. The two are friends throughout their childhood, despite the social differences of their families. Olmo enlists with the Italian army in 1917 during World War I and goes off to fight while Alfredo learns how to run his family\'s large plantation under the guidance of his father. Olmo returns from the war over a year later and his friendship with Alfredo continues. However, Alfredo\'s father has hired Attila Mellanchini as his foreman. A sadistic man who becomes taken with fascism, Attila eventually incorporates his new belief system in his dealings with the Berlinghieri workers; he treats them cruelly and later cages them in the Berlinghieri compound and accuses them of treason against fascist Italy. Several are killed by Attila himself. As the new padrone  of the plantation, Alfredo does little to challenge or halt Attila\'s actions. During the late 1920s, the intimacy and lack thereof in their respective relationships with others is highlighted in their love lives. Alfredo marries a gorgeous, demure woman while Olmo marries Anita, who like him shares in the enthusiasm of the cause of workers\' rights. Alfredo’s wife, Ada, sinks into alcoholism when confronted with the reality of the emptiness of her relationship with Alfredo. Anita, a strong and independent spirit dies tragically in childbirth, bringing another member into the community. As Olmo takes on his fateful role of leader among the poor farmers and their families, he clashes with Attila. The power, however, shifts after World War II in 1945, and the ruling class is at the mercy of the jovial and bitter peasants in the agricultural estate. As padrone, Alfredo is captured by a teenage peasant boy carrying a rifle. Attila is also captured when he and his wife, the equally cruel and sadistic Regina, try to flee the region. Attila is stabbed, non-fatally, several times by women wielding pitchforks and is imprisoned in the Berlinghieri pig sty. He is later executed by the peasants , who have discovered that Attila had raped and killed a young boy  several years prior in a fit of rage and had also murdered a wealthy landowner\'s widow, Mrs. Pioppi , in order to steal her land and home, also [years earlier] Attila had several peasants massacred after they threw horse manure at Atilla for "selling" Olmo. Olmo made Atilla eat manure and let him go. Olmo then had to leave town to keep from being killed by the fascists. Alfredo fires Attila, when Attila and his blackshirts seek vengeance on Olmo by tearing up Olmo\'s house. Alfredo is brought before Olmo\'s workers tribunal to stand trial. Many workers come forth and accuse Alfredo of letting them suffer in squalor while he  profited from their labors. Alfredo is sentenced to death, but his execution is prevented after Olmo explains that the padrone is dead, so Afredo Berlinghieri is alive. Suggesting that the social system has been overthrown with the end of the war. As soon as the verdict is reached, however, representatives of the new government, which includes the Communist Party, arrive and call on the peasants to turn in their arms. Olmo convinces the peasants to do so, overcoming their skepticism. Alfredo declares, "The padrone lives." Historically, apparently, in Sicily, -- the socialists  came close to achieving political dominance through elections by the sheer force of their numbers; however these efforts were subverted by the usual techniques of murder, intimidation, economic extortion, and bribery -- by "mafioso" . Mafioso who had been captured and imprisoned by the socialist for their crimes against the peasants, were released and given high level government positions -- by the American occupation force, who were told that these imprisoned criminals were patriots serving democracy. "socialists" were branded as evil communists. Sicily was thus returned to its former system of dominance by elite landowners .'] ["The film begins in October 1945 in Garanhuns, a municipality in the countryside of Pernambuco, when Luiz Inácio da Silva, nicknamed Lula, is born as the seventh child of Dona Lindu and Aristides. Two weeks after his birth, Aristides moves to Santos, a coastal city in São Paulo, with Dona Mocinha, a cousin of Dona Lindu. Lindu raises Lula's siblings alone until December 1952, when the family moves to Santos to meet the patriarch. Upon their arrival, Dona Lindu discovers that Aristides had formed a second family with Dona Mocinha. Aristides' two families lives in the same house and, as time goes on, they struggle to survive. Lula and his siblings attend elementary school and work as street vendors. Later, Lindu leaves the alcoholic and abusive Aristides and moves with her children to São Paulo. Lula receives a degree as lathe operator and gets a formal job in the car industry, where he loses a finger in a press. This and his brother Ziza's arrest leads him into trade union activism, which made him nationally known in a period when such activities were forbidden. Lula is incarcerated for his activities, just as his mother dies."] ['Ravic , is an Austrian doctor who helped Jews escape from the Nazi regime. He was tortured in a concentration camp. In 1939 he is living in Paris, under a false name and without any documents, constantly aware of the risk of being arrested. At night, on one of Paris bridges over the Seine, Ravic meets Joan Madou , a woman about to  attempt suicide, and helps her. This is the start of a romance. But the prickly Ravic has unfinished business with the Nazis, and he is separated from Joan after being discovered as refugee without papers. With no communications possible between them, they each try to manage under difficult circumstances and, when they finally met up again after six months of unexplained absence, there are shadows hanging over their relationship. They cautiously try to mend their broken affair as international events spin out of control around them.'] ["The movie is set during the Dirty War in 1970s Buenos Aires, Argentina, where the military government is abducting those opposed to its rule. Cecilia, a dissident journalist, is kidnapped by the secret police to join the ranks of the 'disappeared'. Cecilia had earlier published a provocative article in her outrage over the disappearance of students protesting bus fares. As her husband Carlos, a theatre director, begins to search frantically for her, he realizes that he has acquired psychic power that enables him to predict the future. This not only puts him in high demand by those who have also lost a loved one, it helps Carlos to foresee what happens to his wife and other detainees. At one point, Carlos visits the Naval Mechanics School, the notorious torture centre. The movie has graphic images of suffering such as the rape and torture scenes of Cecilia and her daughter Teresa. The closing caption mentions that around 30,000 Argentines disappeared between 1976 and 1983."] ['The film is based on the events that happened on the ship Exodus in 1947 as well as events dealing with the founding of the state of Israel in 1948. Nurse Katherine "Kitty" Fremont  is an American volunteer at the Karaolos internment camp on Cyprus, where thousands of Jews - Holocaust survivors - are being held by the British, who won\'t let them go to Palestine. They anxiously wait for the day they will be liberated. Ari Ben Canaan , a Hagannah rebel who previously was a captain in the Jewish Brigade of the British Army in the Second World War, obtains a cargo ship and smuggles 611 Jewish inmates out of the camp for an illegal voyage to Mandate Palestine before being discovered by military authorities. When the British find out that the refugees are in a ship in the harbor of Famagusta, they blockade it. The refugees stage a hunger strike, during which the camp\'s doctor dies, and Ari threatens to blow up the ship and the refugees. The British relent and allow the Exodus safe passage. Meanwhile, Kitty has grown very fond of Karen Hansen , a young Danish-Jewish girl searching for her father, from whom she was separated during the war. She has taken up the Zionist cause, much to the chagrin of Kitty, who had hoped to take young Karen to America so that she can begin a new life there. During this time, opposition to the partition of Palestine into Arab and Jewish states is heating up, and Karen\'s young beau Dov Landau  proclaims his desire to join the Irgun, a radical Zionist underground network. Dov goes to an Irgun address, only to get caught in a police trap. After he is freed, he is contacted by members of the Irgun and is interviewed by Ari Ben Canaan\'s uncle Akiva . Before swearing Dov in, Akiva forces the boy to confess that he was a Sonderkommando in Auschwitz and that he was raped by Nazis. Due to his activities, Akiva has been disowned by Ari\'s father, Barak , who heads the mainstream Jewish Agency trying to create a Jewish state through political and diplomatic means. He fears that the Irgun will damage his efforts, especially since the British have put a price on Akiva\'s head. When Dov successfully bombs the King David Hotel in an act of terrorism, leading to dozens of fatalities, Akiva is arrested and sentenced to hang. Meanwhile, Karen\'s father has been found, but he is ill in hospital in Jerusalem and does not recognize her. Karen has gone to live at Gan Dafna, a fictional Jewish kibbutz near Mount Tabor at which Ari was raised. An actual kibbutz named Dafna is located near the present Lebanese border. Kitty and Ari have fallen in love, but uncle Akiva\'s imprisonment is an obstacle, and Ari must devise a plan to free the prisoners. Dov Landau, who had managed to elude the arresting soldiers, turns himself in so that he can use his knowledge of explosives to rig the Acre prison and plan an escape route. All goes according to plan; hundreds of prisoners, including Akiva, manage to escape. For the historical incident on which this is based, see Acre Prison break. Akiva is fatally shot by British soldiers while evading a roadblock set up to catch the escaped prisoners. Ari is also badly wounded. He makes his way to Abu Yesha, an Arab village near Gan Dafna, where his lifelong friend, Taha,  is the mukhtar. Kitty is brought there and treats his wound. An independent Israel is now in plain view, but Arab nationals commanded by Mohammad Amin al-Husayni, the Grand Mufti of Jerusalem, plot to attack Gan Dafna and kill its villagers. Ari receives prior warning of this attack from Taha, and he manages to get the younger children of the town out in a mass overnight escape. Karen, ecstatic over the prospect of a new nation, finds Dov  and proclaims her love for him; Dov assures her that they will marry someday. As Karen returns to Gan Dafna, she is ambushed and killed by a gang of Arab militiamen. Dov discovers her lifeless body the following morning. That same day, the body of Taha is found hanging in his village, killed by Arab extremists with a Star of David symbol carved on his body. Karen and Taha are buried together in one grave. At the Jewish burial ceremony, Ari swears on their bodies that someday, Jews and Arabs will live together and share the land in peace, not only in death but also in life. The movie then ends with Ari, Kitty, and a Palmach contingent entering trucks and heading toward battle.'] ['A veteran U.S. Senate Democrat, Bulworth is losing his bid for re-election to a fiery young opponent. Bulworth\'s leftist views, formed in the 1960s and 1970s, have lost favor with voters, so he has conceded to moderate politics and to accepting donations from special interests. In addition, though he and his wife have been having affairs openly for years, they must still present a happy facade in the interest of maintaining a good public image. Tired of politics and his life in general and planning to commit suicide, Bulworth negotiates a $10 million life insurance policy with his daughter as its beneficiary in exchange for a favorable vote for the insurance industry. Knowing that a suicide will negate his daughter\'s inheritance, he contracts to have himself assassinated within two days\' time. Turning up in California for his campaign extremely drunk, Bulworth begins speaking his mind freely at public events and in the presence of the C-SPAN film crew following his campaign. After ending up in a night club and smoking marijuana, he even starts rapping in public. His frank, potentially offensive remarks make him an instant media darling and re-energize his campaign. Becoming romantically involved with young campaigner Nina , Bulworth hides out in her family\'s home. He is pursued by the paparazzi, his insurance company, his campaign managers, Nina\'s protective drug-dealing brother, and an increasingly adoring public, all before his impending assassination. Nina reveals she is the assassin he indirectly hired and will now not carry out the job. Bulworth happily accepts a new campaign for the presidency right before he is shot in front of a crowd of reporters and supporters by an insurance representative fearful of Bulworth\'s push for single-payer health care. At the end of the picture he lies gravely wounded in a hospital, and it is left unsaid and unclear if he lives, or dies from his wounds. The picture ends with poet Amiri Baraka playing a street poet and proclaiming in front of the hospital, "You got to be a spirit. You can\'t be no ghost."'] ['55 Days at Peking is a dramatization of the siege of the foreign legations\' compounds in Peking  during the Boxer Rebellion which took place in 1900 China. Fed up by foreign encroachment, the Dowager Empress Tzu-Hsi uses the Boxer secret societies to attack foreigners within China, leading to the siege and subsequent direct intervention by foreign expeditionary forces which were dispatched to put down the rebellion. The film concentrates on the defense of the legations from the point of view of the foreign powers, and the title refers to the length of the defense by the colonial powers of the legations district of Peking. The foreign embassies in Peking are being held in a grip of terror as the Boxers set about massacring Christians in an anti-Christian nationalistic fever. United States Marine Corps Major Matt Lewis heads a contingent of multinational soldiers and Marines defending the foreign compound in Peking. Inside the besieged compound, the British ambassador gathers the beleaguered ambassadors into a defensive formation. Included in the group of high-level dignitaries is the sultry Russian Baroness Natalie Ivanoff, who begins a romantic liaison with Lewis. As the group conserves food and water while trying to save hungry children, it awaits reinforcements, but Empress Tzu Hsi is plotting with the Boxers to break the siege at the compound with the aid of Chinese troops. Eventually, the forces of the Eight-Nation Alliance arrive to put down the rebellion and relieve the siege of the foreign compounds following the Battle of Peking. These events foreshadowed the coming demise of the Qing Dynasty which had ruled China for two and a half centuries. The Chinese are depicted in accordance with western prejudices of the times: ridiculously long-nails, speaking in  inscrutable phrases, and fundamentally inferior to westerners. Most of the Chinese, including the Empress Dowager and her Prime Minister are played by white performers. The Japanese  are barely mentioned or seen, but when they are they are "civilized" and fight alongside the Europeans and Americans. The film emphasizes the anti-Christian aspects of the Boxer Rebellion, with only one scene  expanding on this being a response to the numerous "unequal treaties" the foreigners had imposed on the Qing Dynasty.'] ["A 9-year-old girl, Anna de la Mesa , weathers big changes in her household as her parents become radical political activists in 1970-71 Paris. Her Spanish-born lawyer father Fernando  is inspired by his sister's opposition to Franco and by Salvador Allende's victory in Chile; he quits his job and becomes a liaison for Chilean activists in France. Her mother  a Marie Claire journalist-turned-writer documenting the stories of women's abortion ordeals, supports her husband and climbs aboard the ideological bandwagon. As a result, Anna's French bourgeois life is over. She must adjust to refugee nannies, international cuisine and a cramped apartment full of noisy revolutionaries. The film covers an array of philosophy and ideology - everything from Communism to Catholicism to Greek and Asian mythology - which Anna must reconstruct from confusion into her own set of beliefs. As she negotiates her way through this ideological maze and ultimately internalises her parents' objectives, she must deal with stereotyping, misinformation, the potential hypocrisy of ideology and the potentially false hope of idealism."] ['Former British Major Robert Dapes  arrives in Cuba under General Bello\'s  orders to train the Cuban army to resist Fidel Castro\'s upcoming revolution. Before he even begins his task, he struck by the reappearance of an old flame, Alexandra Lopez de Pulido ([[Brooke Adams , whom he repeatedly tries to pursue. The plot winds around the tremendous wealth of the present leaders, the mostly American tourists who seem to ooze money, the poverty-stricken and ex-urban slums where most Cubans live, and the rum and cigar factory that Alexandra\'s husband owns and that Alexandra runs. A blatant sexual nightclub performance is interrupted by Fidel\'s soldiers in olive green, with machine guns, scattering the entertainment and the entertained and leaving a bloodsoaked scene. When Alexandra\'s husband takes her out and expects her to sit and have a drink with a potential  investor and his prostitute, she leaves the restaurant and runs into Robert. Furious with her husband, she is more open to spending time with him and reminiscencing about their old affair in North Africa . They find a motel and make love. It is clear that they care for each other. But he will not stay in Cuba. Will she leave with him? The next day virtually every Cuban worker goes on strike, including those in Alex\'s factory. Alex watches the events go by, believing things will soon return to normal. Robert begs her to leave, either to be with him or just to escape Cuba. She refuses. Not seeing Alex at the airport, Robert boards the plane. Meanwhile, Alex is at the airport, outside the wire fence, watching him board the plane and weeping. This movie weaves many more plots around these events, as various Cubans, Brits, and Americans try to make something of the revolution. What is most stunning about this movie, however, is that it unwinds like a James Bond movie but "inside out." Robert is the cool, competent, knowledgeable spy: but he is inserted into a history that imposes on him an almost complete passivity: he is supposed to engineer Fidel\'s defeat; he knows Fidel will win. And instead of powerfully sweeping his gorgeous counterpart off her feet, she\'s always one step ahead of him, and he must let her go.'] ['{{unreferenced section}} This documentary depicts a vivid example of America\'s current culture war. It shows a rural community, Philomath, Oregon, that is making a large transition from once being a dominant force through an "old time" profession, the timber industry, to one that is dominated by professionals and techies, the "information age". This is shown by the drastic decline of lumber mills in the area. In 1980, there were twelve mills around Philomath, but twenty-five years later there were only two. The largest employers are no longer the lumber mills but Oregon State University in Corvallis, which is about six miles from Philomath, and a Hewlett-Packard center involved in engineering ink-jet components. The roots of the community go back to a man named Rex Clemens, who lived from 1901 to 1985. He was actually a high school dropout who became wealthy through the lumber business. Due to his wealth, Clemens setup a foundation in 1958 that helped support school functions, construction, and progress while also providing a four-year scholarship to anybody who graduated from Philomath High School. After several decades, other people started immigrating to the area and a new school superintendent, Terry Kneisler, was hired from Chicago. He moved to modify many traditions and as a result, aspects of the timber industry were questioned, a Gay-Straight Alliance group for students was formed, and the school\'s mascot, the "Warriors", was challenged as well. Many people who had lived there for years, some for their entire lives, began to object to these changes. Three of these people happened to be Rex Clemens\' nephews, who were now in charge of the foundation their uncle set up. Steve Lowther, one of the nephews, led the traditionalists in their battle against Kneisler. After the two sides have multiple disagreements and conflicts, Lowther tells the school board that Kneisler or the foundation must go. Later, Kneisler did leave. Lowther amends the foundation so that students who come from timber, agricultural, or mining families are eligible for the scholarships. The students must also go on to pursue a career related to one of these fields of work.'] ['Set in Johannesburg in 1963, the film examines the abrupt ending of 13-year-old Molly\'s blithe childhood when her father, a communist and anti-Apartheid-activist, must go into exile and her mother must continue her fight against Apartheid without her husband. Avoided by her white ex-schoolfriends, Molly seeks greater closeness to her mother. The mother-daughter relationship faces a severe test due to intimidation attempts by the military police, then by Molly\'s mother\'s imprisonment. The "world apart" of the title refers to both the gap between the woman and the teenage girl--who doesn\'t understand why her mother is so obsessed by events beyond the comfortable white-suburban world--and the space between that world and that of the  majority. Essentially, the film is a tribute to Ruth First by her daughter and ends in a moment of epiphany as Molly comes to terms with her mother\'s political activism and understands that she too must play a part in the struggle to change South Africa.'] ['Bob Roberts takes place in Pennsylvania. It depicts a fictitious senatorial race between conservative Republican folk singer, Bob Roberts  and the incumbent Democrat, Brickley Paiste . The film is shot through the perspective of Terry Manchester ([[Brian Murray , a British documentary filmmaker who is following the Roberts campaign. Through his lens we see Roberts travel across the state, performing songs about drug users, lazy people and the triumph of traditional family values over the rebelliousness of the 1960s. As the campaign continues, Paiste remains in the lead until a scandal arises involving him and a young woman who was seen emerging from a car with him. Paiste claims that she was a friend of his granddaughter who he was driving home, but he cannot shake the accusations. Throughout the campaign, reporter Bugs Raplin  attempts to use the documentary being made about Roberts as a way to expose him to the public as a fraud. Raplin believes that Roberts\' anti-drug charity, Broken Dove, is connected to an old Central Intelligence Agency drug trafficking scheme. As the election approaches, Roberts is asked to appear on a network\'s sketch comedy show. When Roberts announces that he will not be playing the song he had originally proposed, a dispute breaks out between the cast and producers of the show. This new song turns out to be nothing more than a thinly-veiled campaign endorsement, and an angry staff member of the network pulls the plug mid-performance. As Roberts is leaving the studio, he is shot by a would-be assassin. Raplin, who has been causing problems for the campaign, is initially linked to the shooting, but he is later cleared when it is found that due to constrictive palsy in his right hand he physically could not have fired the gun. Following the incident, Raplin contends that Roberts was never actually shot and that the gun was fired into the ground. The campaign is boosted by public support following the assassination attempt, and Roberts wins the election with 52 percent of the vote. Although Roberts claims that his wounds have left him paralysed from the waist down, he is seen tapping his feet at a celebration party. While Terry Manchester is interviewing Roberts\' supporters outside the new Senator\'s hotel, a boy runs up shouting, "He\'s dead, he\'s dead, they got him!" When Manchester asks him what he\'s talking about, the boy shouts, "Bugs Raplin! He\'s dead! They got him!" A joyful celebration breaks out among Roberts\' supporters, the shot changes to an image of his hotel room, and an upright walking shadow suggesting Roberts\' profile passes the window before the lights go out. The film ends with a radio news report about Raplin\'s death at the hands of a right-wing fanatic and a shot of Manchester standing in the Jefferson Memorial, looking at the words, "I have sworn upon the altar of God eternal hostility against every form of tyranny over the mind of man," inscribed there.'] ["The film opens with a village griot reciting the story of Guimba the tyrant, of the Dunbuya family. The setting moves to an old Malian village ruled by the evil and tyrannical leader Guimba and his dwarf son Janguine. Janguine has been betrothed from childhood to the village beauty Kani from the Diarra family - the other powerful family in the village. Janguine, however, has his eyes on Kani's well-endowed mother Meya, and hence Guimba offers to marry Kani, asking Kani's father for a divorce so that Janguine can marry Meya. When he refuses, he is banished from the village. Protests break out, leading to the killings, and subjugation. As the village gets embroiled in a civil war, Kani manages to escape to her father's camp on horseback with Guimba unsuccessfully giving chase. Guimba's slave is also welcomed into the rebel camp. She is dressed up provocatively and sent back to the village, causing both Guimba and Janguine to fall for her. Guimba kills his son over her, and chases her out of the village and into a trap - leading to his downfall."] ["In West Africa during the late 17th century, King Adanggaman leads a war against his neighboring ethnic groups, ordering his soldiers to torch enemy villages, kill the elderly and capture the healthy to sell to the European slave traders. When his village falls prey to one of Adanggaman's attacks, Ossei manages to escape, but his family is murdered except for his captured mother. Chasing after the soldiers in an effort to free her, Ossei is befriended by a fierce warrior named Naka."] ['While Lowell is generally known for its central role in the Industrial Revolution as the first planned textile town in the United States, the city had fallen on hard times since the mills left the city in the early 1920s. Wang Laboratories, a major employer in Lowell in the more prosperous 1980s, declared bankruptcy and virtually went out of business in the early 1990s. The Lowell of 1995 had a large percentage of the population unemployed or underemployed, in poverty, and unaffected by positive things in the city like the Lowell National Historical Park and The Lowell Folk Festival . Much of the film takes place in a lower-class section of the city\'s  Highlands neighborhood. The documentary frames the lives of three addicts against this background; particularly their hopeless situations, while exploring them as human beings. The film reveals the lives behind addiction: their aspirations, why they do drugs and why they don\'t quit, etc. It interviews their families, friends, and members of the community, discussing how drugs have destroyed the lives of the addicts. Richard Farrell, one of the directors, writers, and producers, is a native Lowellian and a former addict; allowing the crew deep access to the city\'s drug scene. The filmmakers follow around three people: Boo Boo, Brenda, and former professional boxer Dicky Eklund in their daily exploits to get high. Throughout the course of the documentary, Brenda, a prostitute, becomes pregnant and contemplates an abortion but has to "hook" to pay for the abortion. Whenever she earns enough money she blows it on drugs instead of getting the $395 abortion. The father could be her on-again off-again boyfriend Mike  or the father may, in fact, be Boo Boo. Brenda also attempts detox rehab for the baby, but after talking to her parents decides to abort, then do detox, then to go back home. She loses the will to complete the program, as she had 6 times before. She ultimately goes missing which launches Boo-Boo into a panic as he looks for her. The police become aware of her whereabouts, but are unable to tell Boo-Boo per her wishes. Dicky, the older brother of "Irish" Micky Ward, is a boxer who had at one time fought Sugar Ray Leonard, losing by decision after 10 rounds and attempted to make a comeback. He tries to prevent his habit - and the crimes he commits to feed it - from destroying his life, but he can never stay clean for long and ends up arrested on multiple violent charges. While awaiting trial, his mother attempts to raise bail money with a benefit at the local VFW. The event develops into a fight between spectators and the $5,000 bail is not raised. Later, Boo-Boo discovers he has HIV after Brenda had been missing for several months. He subsequently attempts to find honest work, joins a support group, and attempts to re-open contact with his family. He loses a job as a deliveryman at a donut shop when it is revealed he was driving with no license. The documentary ends with him discussing how he is the only member of the three still in Lowell and not in jail. In the closing credits, it is revealed that 6 months after filming, Boo Boo is still in Lowell with a $200 a day crack habit, Dicky was sentenced to 10-15 years in prison , and Brenda died of a drug overdose on October 25 1995.'] ['In 1950, a Hungarian couple, Peter and Margit, are forced to flee from their oppressive Communist country for the USA with their eldest daughter Maria. Unfortunately, they are forced to leave behind their infant daughter, Suzanne, who is raised by a kind foster couple. Five years later, Peter and Margit arrange for the American Red Cross to bring Suzanne to their new home in Los Angeles. There, the perplexed young girl is forced to accept her sudden change in home and country, which leads to a troubled upbringing. At age 15, Suzanne, rebellious and unsure of herself, tries to come to terms with her roots and decides to travel back to Budapest, Hungary, to unravel her past and to find her true identity.'] ['The story of a young widow , mother of two beautiful teenage daughters, who wants to join the founding group of a new settlement of religious Jews in the West Bank, but first must convince the acceptance committee that she is worthy. Things get complicated when the younger daughter is sexually abused by boys from her youth movement.'] ['Sam Baily gets laid off from his job as a museum security guard. In desperation for not being able to provide for his wife and kids, he comes armed with weapons and explosives and takes his boss Mrs. Banks and a number of children  as hostages. Television journalist Max Brackett is in the museum using the restroom after an interview with the curator about financial difficulties. He becomes directly involved in the hostage situation, acting as Baily\'s intermediary to the outside world and the police. Baily accidentally shoots a friend still working there as a security guard, sending him to the hospital, and later fires a gun again, frightening the children and becoming more and more unstable as he takes caffeine pills to stay awake. Along with a young intern, Laurie, Brackett reports the story exclusively on television, reviving his career. By being free to come and go, he negotiates with a national network and its star news anchorman, Kevin Hollander, with whom Brackett has an unhappy history. Baily wants the police to let him return home to his wife and kids, and won\'t accept that he\'s going to jail. Brackett on the other hand makes a deal rather than let Hollander have the story, prompting Hollander to publicly accuse Brackett of prolonging the crisis and endangering the children. When Baily\'s ex-colleague dies from his injuries, Baily starts to realize he\'s lost everything. Baily and Brackett allow the situation to worsen until the police finally have had enough, issuing a five minute ultimatum to Baily for release of the hostages. Baily lets the children as well as Brackett go, but rather than face prison -- and his wife -- he ultimately sets off his explosives, committing suicide. As reporters swamp Brackett and ask about Baily, all he can say is, "We killed him," referring to how the media handled the situation.'] ['The film stars Jean-Pierre Léaud as Paul, a romantic young idealist and literary lion-wannabe who chases budding pop star, Madeleine . Despite markedly different musical tastes and political leanings, the two soon become romantically involved and begin a "ménage à quatre" with Madeleine\'s two roommates, Catherine  and Elisabeth . The camera probes the young actors in a series of vérité-style interviews about love, love-making, and politics.Billard, Pierre. Masculine Feminine: a film by Jean-Luc Godard. New York: Grove Press, Inc.. 1969. SBN 68.22022. pp. 9-184.'] ['The film is divided into three stories, all of which focus on tragic and ill-fated love affairs. In the first episode, Words, we meet Kiril, a young monk who has taken a vow of silence, who stands up for Zamira, a young Albanian girl who is accused of murder and is on the run from a mob. For her sake, Kiril leaves the monastery and the two of them make their way through the Macedonian landscape, but their romance is heading towards a sudden and brutal end. Faces is set in bustling and trendy London. Anne, a picture editor, is torn between the love of her husband Nick and the attraction she feels for Aleksandar, a disillusioned war photographer. She is pulled into a series of tragic events by a shoot-out at a nearby restaurant. The third and final story, Pictures, brings the two previous stories together. It focuses on Aleksandar\'s return to Macedonia to settle. He learns that the war has divided his home village and that his Albanian neighbours are now seen as enemies. Hana, an Albanian woman he was, and apparently still is, in love with, asks him to take care of her daughter Zamira. While Aleksandar sets out to find the girl, a storm is building on the horizon, and the film returns us to its beginning.  Upon watching the film, it becomes clear that the sequence could have been any of three  - though somewhere an intended inconsistency will become apparent. The end of Words sees Zamira gunned down and killed by her family when she tries to escape them - photos of the scene make a passive appearance in Faces. Suddenly the reappearance of Zamira in Pictures coupled with the ending which returns to the beginning could temporarily hoodwink the viewer that this is, in fact, the first part of the film - until a very close observation of the man lying dead at the beginning of Words is Aleksandar Kirkov, all while Zamira is running for her life after having killed one of the Macedonians. Faces set in London has a living Aleksandar Kirkov whose close friend Anne is developing black and white pictures of a dead Zamira. The motto of the film was, "The Circle is not Round" seen in graffiti form on a wall during Pictures but actually stands to deliver a message that in life, people and places may change but overshadowing scenarios  go backward and forward in a cycle.'] ["Janosch  has problems at school and despises the lifestyle of his bourgeois mother. He runs away from home, to his friend Koma , who he had met at a holiday camp. Koma is an Oi! skinhead . He is a particular sort of skinhead who has little political motivations, preferring a lifestyle of partying and binge drinking, and whose musical tastes are a synthesis of skinhead and punk rock music. Koma's girlfriend is pregnant, and wants him to change his ways. She blows up his secret hideaway with dynamite, but this only infuriates Koma, who blames this on the punks he had gotten into a fight with previously. Meanwhile, Janosch meets Zottel , a punk who earns a living with small circus acts at wealthy people's parties. The two fall in love, but their happiness is cut short when Koma attacks Zottel and kills him. In a fit of fury, Janosch grabs a brick and slays Koma."] ["Fico Fellove  is the owner of El Tropico, a swank nightclub in late 1950s Havana. Fico lives for his family and his music, but the harsh realities of dictator Batista’s regime threaten to destroy both. Brother Ricardo  becomes a Communist while brother Luis  joins the democratic opposition. His father Federico , a well-respected university professor, believes that Batista should be replaced by constitutional means. When Ricardo is arrested for anti-regime activities and threatened with execution, Fico calls upon an old prep school friend, now a police captain , for help. Due to the intercession of Captain Castel, Ricardo is released from jail. Although Fico suggests that Ricardo should go to Miami or New York for a while, Ricardo refuses and instead joins a communist rebel band headed by Che Guevara. In addition to political intrigue, Fico is also approached by Meyer Lansky , a high-ranking member of New York's Genovese crime family, who wishes to open up a gambling room at El Tropico. Fico, however, intends for his club to remain a place of music and turns down the offer. When a bomb later explodes at the club, killing the club’s star entertainer , Fico assumes that Lansky is behind it. However, in the increasingly unsettled climate, he cannot be certain. Luis meanwhile becomes connected with the plot to seize the presidential palace, kill Batista, and restore democracy to Cuba. The plot fails and most of the attackers are killed. Luis escapes but is killed later by Batista’s secret police. At the urging of his mother, Fico tries to cheer up Luis’ distraught widow Aurora . Fico and Aurora begin a relationship and fall in love, but events intervene: the Communists seize the power after Batista flees the country. Fidel Castro declares there will be no elections and Che Guevara oversees the arrests and summary execution of all those who those thought to have supported the Batista regime. Among those arrested is Captain Castel. Fico seeks out his brother Ricardo, now a high-ranking officer in the new regime, for help. Despite Castel's having saved his life, Ricardo does nothing to prevent Castel’s execution. Ricardo, who had otherwise distanced himself from his family, later visits his uncle Donoso , a tobacco farmer and cigar maker. Donoso feels that while Castro may be in power now, “the land endures” and he says that the farm would one day pass to Ricardo. Ricardo, however, announces that the reason for his visit is to appropriate the farm for the state. In a fit of anger, Donoso has a heart attack and dies. Ricardo, overcome by grief, attends the funeral and shortly after commits suicide. The revolution also has its effects on Fico’s club. The musician’s union, now controlled by Castro, has declared the saxophone to be an imperialist instrument and forbids its use. The club is eventually shut down on a flimsy pretext. After a chance meeting with Castro, Aurora is declared Revolutionary Widow of the Year and begins to work for the State. This causes Fico and Aurora to break apart. Seeing the family torn apart and decimated by the revolution, Fico’s parents beg him to leave Cuba and build a new family. Reluctantly, Fico prepares to leave, procuring exit visas for himself and Aurora. In a last chance to convince her to leave, Fico barges in on a reception for revolutionary leaders and Soviet Bloc ambassadors. Aurora refuses to go. After a last toast to a free and democratic Cuba, Fico leaves the reception. He says his goodbyes to his parents  and leaves Cuba. At the airport, most of his money and possessions  are taken from him. Fico begins a new life in New York. Working as a dishwasher and piano player at a Cuban club, he hopes to save enough money to bring the remaining members of his family to America. He had also worked on the street. He again meets Meyer Lansky, who offers Fico a Cuban nightclub in Las Vegas. Fico again refuses. While cleaning up one night, he has another meeting with Aurora, who is in New York as part of a Cuban delegation to the United Nations. He now realizes that Aurora is like Cuba: beautiful, alluring, but ultimately damaged and unattainable. He decides now that his cause is to build a new life until he can return to the city he lost. Fico recites a poem by Cuban nationalist Father José Martí and opens a new nightclub in New York."] ['Naseem means Morning breeze, and charts the story of a young school going girl Naseem  in the months leading up to the demolition of Babri Masjid in 1992. She shares deep and loving bond with his ailing grandfather  who represents the era of communal harmony between Hindus and Muslims in India, as he fondly recalls the times he spent in pre-Independent Agra. As communal tension erupts in the city of Bombay, Naseem get increasingly bewildered by changing dynamics at her school and in the neighbourhood, while her grandfather watches helplessly at a city getting deeply divided over the Babri Masjid issue. The film ends with the grandfather passing away on the day of demolition of Babri Masjid.'] ["The movie is set in a Yazidi Kurdish village in Armenia, still suffering economically from the Soviet collapse. Hamo, a Kurdish widower with three sons, visits his wife's grave everyday. In the graveyard, he meets Nina, a widow who works in a local bar named Vodka Lemon which is about to close down. Both are penniless, yet start an unexpected relationship which revitalizes them."] ['The film tells the story of Mónica Erigaray , who is twenty years old and lives with her parents Ernesto Erigaray  and Inés . Seventeen years ago the Erigarays left Argentina and moved to Spain to live a peaceful and quiet life. However, things change rather abruptly when a famous Argentinian writer named Bruno Leardi  claims that Mónica is in reality his granddaughter named Diana, daughter of his son Diego Liardi who disappeared during the Dirty War in Argentina. At one point in the film Ernesto Erigaray and his cohorts accost Bruno and make it clear that harm will come to him if he persists with his accusations and attempts to see Mónica. Erigaray decides to confront Bruno in his hotel room, but nothing is settled. The family ends up in a Court approved hearing and Ernesto Erigaray is accused of being the Argentine torturer known by his men as "El Sapo"  who did his nasty work in a place known as "the Cesspit." Subsequently, DNA tests prove that Mónica is indeed the daughter of Diego Liardi and Sara Pereira . Mónica leaves the Erigaray\'s and they are arrested and tried for the murder of a Spanish citizen and Mónica\'s illegal abduction. One year later Mónica travels to Buenos Aires and marches with the Mothers of the Plaza de Mayo. She drops by her grandfather\'s home and tells him Diana has come to call on him. The film ends with the dedication: :To the mothers and grandmothers of Plaza del Mayo, and to those who resist the abduction of our memories.'] ['A mysterious man  arrives at a prison as an inmate and witnesses rampant abuse and corruption, including open and endemic sexual assault, torture, worm-ridden diseased food, insurance fraud and a doctor charging inmates for care, amongst other things. During a dramatic standoff, he reveals himself to be the new prison warden, Henry Brubaker, to the amazement of both prisoners and officials alike. With ideals and vision, he attempts to reform the prison, with an eye towards prisoner rehabilitation and human rights. He recruits several long-time prisoners, including Larry Lee Bullen  and Richard "Dickie" Coombes , to assist him with the reform. Their efforts improve the prison conditions, but his stance inflames several corrupt officials on the prison board who have profited from graft for decades. When he discovers multiple unmarked graves of prisoners on the property, he attempts to unravel the mystery, leading to political scandal. When a trustee realizes that he might be held accountable for killing another inmate, he decides to make a run for it, the resulting gunfight proves to be the final ammunition that the prison board  needs to fire Brubaker. A statement before the credits explains that two years after Brubaker was fired, twenty four inmates sued the prison. The court ruled that the treatment of the prisoners was unconstitutional and the prison system was ultimately reformed. Meanwhile, the governor was not reelected. The movie is based on the real-life experiences of Thomas Murton, author of the novel upon which the movie is based and one-time warden in the Arkansas state prison system. Much of the squalid conditions, violence and corruption depicted in the film was the subject of a 1970 federal court case, Holt v. Sarver, in which the federal court ruled that Arkansas\' prison system violated inmates\' constitutional rights, and ordered reform.  Filmed at The Junction City Prison Farm in Junction City, Ohio, Bremen, Ohio, New Lexington, Ohio, and at the Fairfield County Fairgrounds in Lancaster, Ohio.'] ["The film follows several characters both black, white as well as mixed. Maxwell Fleury  is a white plantation owner's son who suffers from an inferiority complex and makes rash decisions to prove his worth. He lives with his beautiful wife, Sylvia . Maxwell is tormented by extreme jealousy of his wife, and is envious of his younger sister Jocelyn . Jocelyn is being courted by Evan Templeton , a war hero visiting the Governor of the island, his father Lord Templeton . The film also follows David Boyeur , a young black man emerging as a powerful politician representing the common people and seen as a threat to the white ruling class. Mavis Norman , a woman from the elite white class strikes up a romantic interest in Boyeur and much of the film explores the tension between these two. Finally, the film takes a look at the interracial romance between Margot Seaton , a black drug store clerk, and Denis Archer , aide to the Governor. Other characters include Hilary Carson  who Maxwell Fleury thinks is having an affair with his wife; Colonel Whittingham , the head of police, who investigates the murder of Hilary Carson central to the plot; a journalist named Bradshaw ; and finally Julian Fleury  and his wife  who are both hiding secrets from their children. The characters and their relationships with each other are all shown to be complex and the issues being addressed were rather taboo for 1957. Furthermore, the film can be enjoyed for the lush, beautiful scenery and unpredictable plot dynamics. Belafonte breaks his character to sing a calypso title song."] ["William Shatner plays the role of Aidan Carvell, a businessman running for Congress as an independent candidate with what is presented as a broadly libertarian agenda. Unknown to the public, Carvell is training and arming a militia force. Though the purpose of this private army is never wholly specified, a general sense of sinister intent is established. Carvell's political campaign manager Frank Jennings  is persuaded by the FBI to assist them in indicting Carvell for treason. Carvell sets out to punish Jennings for this betrayal, requiring Jennings to fight for his own safety as well as that of his family."] ['The film starts as parody of a Soviet-era socialist realist film-making of the 1930s  Peaceful life of farmers of remote Uralian village is interrupted when their former collective farm is sold. The toughest ones unite and track down the offenders one by one. Their quest for truth and justice is very violent, although almost all the violence occurs off screen, and often we are unsure of the victims fate. The movie was shot in Black and white and the music is old Soviet movie music, so it is hard to determine when the events are happening – around the WWII or maybe even today. Hence it could be interpreted as attack on modern capitalism in Russia.'] ['The film is set in Mano Majra is a silent village in the border of India and Pakistan, close to the railway line near where it crosses the Sutlej River. The film develops around the love affair of small-time dacoit Jagga , with a local Muslim girl, Nooran . Mano Majra incidentally was the original title of the book upon its release in 1956.{{cite book|lastMohan |titlehttp://books.google.co.in/books?idPA4367&lpgmano+majra&sourceY5PxE3fIu-&sigen&eiX&oiresult&resnum0CCwQ6AEwAzgK#vmano%20majra&f2006|publisher81-260-1221-8|page"tr">{{cite news}}'] ['A biographical film about Jeon Tae-il, a worker who protested labor conditions through self-immolation.Synopsis from {{cite web}}'] ["{{tone}} A political thriller steeped in illegal oil trading, the Russian Mafia, and governmental cover-ups. Christian Slater, Selma Blair, Angie Harmon and Robert Loggia star in a gripping tale of assassination, deception and corruption set in the high-stakes world of corporate investment and international oil trading. With America at war and in the grip of a crippling fuel crisis, Wall Street analyst Tom Hanson  agrees to broker a lucrative deal between a Russian oil cartel and his investment firm's biggest client, led by cold-blooded CEO Jared Tolson . While juggling his growing attraction to newly-hired associate, Abby Gallagher a Harvard graduate who wants to save the world and has an innovative idea for helping those seeking alternative energy sources further their research. The snake pit of Wall Street is the last place she wants to be, but Gordon convinces her that his company can make her alternative energy dream a reality . Tom learns all is not what it seems with the deal. Digging deeper, he and Abby soon find themselves trapped in a dangerous web of treachery and murder that will keep you guessing until the very end."] ["Joseph Fisher's memoir was discovered only after his death. His children refused to confront it, except for David, the filmmaker, for whom it became a compass for a long journey. When he found it unbearable to be alone in the wake of his father's survival story and his struggle not to lose his sanity, David convinced his brothers and sister to join him in the hope that this would also contribute to releasing tensions and making them as close as they used to be. They, for their part, couldn’t understand why anyone should want to dig into the past instead of enjoying life in the present. In the dark depths of the tunnels, part of an Austrian forced labor camp, where their father had slaved during the Holocaust, illuminated only by flashlights, the Fishers seek meaning in their personal and family histories. As their deepest pains are exposed, they find themselves crying and laughing, in bitter-sweet scenes that give this personal film a rare sense of intimacy."] ['The film begins with Tunin  learning that his friend, an anarchist who was plotting to kill Benito Mussolini, has been killed by Mussolini\'s fascist police in the countryside. Tunin decides to take up the cause his friend died for. The movie then shows Tunin entering a brothel in Rome and meeting Salomè . The two have a casual sexual encounter. Salome explains her reasons for helping in the assassination plot as her former lover was wrongfully beaten to death by the Mussolini\'s police in Milan. The story continues as Salomè arranges for her, Tunin and Tripolina , another prostitute at the brothel, are going to spend the day with Spatoletti, the head of Mussolini\'s police. The four of them go to the countryside near Rome where the assassination will take place in several days time. Salomè keeps Spatoletti busy while Tunin can scout out the area and plan. Tunin takes an interest, however, in Tripolina and they fall in love. Tunin convinces Tripolina to spend the next two days with him before the assassination as he fears they may be his last. On the morning of the assassination Tripolina is supposed to wake Tunin early. She loves him and is scared he will die so she decides she will not wake him. Tripolina and Salomè argue about this and what to do but in the end they decide to let him sleep. Tunin wakes up and is furious at both of them. He goes into a tirade that draws the attention of the police. He starts a shootout with them and screams that he wants to kill Mussolini. He is captured and beaten to death by the police. The film ends the way it began showing the full title of the film "Stamattina alle 10, in via dei Fiori, nella nota casa di tolleranza..." This morning at 10, on Via dei Fiori , in a noted brothel which is the heading of an unnamed newspaper. The article goes on to say that Tunin  was arrested and then committed suicide, in a statement of the fascist censorship characteristic of the time.'] ["The film is a fictional drama set within the scope of a delusional fantasy; that attempts to explore a psychotic scenario surrounding Adolf Hitler , as he interacts with Eva Braun , Hermann Göring , Joseph Goebbels , as well as psychoanalyst Sigmund Freud  during a dictation of his memoirs to a military typist , while held up in his notorious withdrawn bunker. Hitler proclaims and authoritatively lays down his legacy and ideals while Nazi propaganda footage is proudly displayed in the background as a supporting element and testament to his madness. The film makes an effort to investigate Hitler's temperamental characteristics and to decipher the reasoning behind his derangement, as he reminisces about the past by expressing opinionated observations with the approval of his fellow ruthless subordinates."] ['The film covers the life of John Reed and Louise Bryant from their first meeting to Reed\'s final days in 1920 Russia. Interspersed throughout the narrative, several surviving "witnesses" from the time period give their recollections on Reed, Bryant, their colleagues and friends, and the era itself. A number of them have mixed views of Bryant and her relationship with Reed. In 1912, married socialite Bryant encounters the radical journalist John "Jack" Reed for the first time at a lecture in Portland, Oregon, and she is intrigued with his idealism. Upon meeting him for an interview on international politics which lasts over the course of a night, she realizes that writing has been her only escape from her frustrated high society existence. Inspired to leave her husband, Bryant joins Reed in Greenwich Village, New York City, and becomes acquainted with the local community of activists and artists, including anarchist and author Emma Goldman and the playwright Eugene O\'Neill. Later, they move to Provincetown, Massachusetts, to concentrate on their writing, becoming involved in the local theatre scene. Through her writing, Louise becomes a feminist and radical in her own right. Reed becomes involved in labor strikes with the "Reds" of the American Communist Labor Party. Obsessed with changing the world, he grows restless, and heads for St. Louis to cover the 1916 Democratic Convention. During Reed\'s absence, Louise falls into a complicated affair with the alcoholic playwright Eugene O\'Neill. Upon his return, Reed discovers the truth about the affair and realizes he still loves Louise. The two marry secretly and make a home together in Croton-on-Hudson, north of New York City, but still have conflicting desires. When Reed admits to his own infidelities, Bryant takes ship to Europe to work as a war correspondent. After a flare-up of a kidney disorder, Reed is warned to avoid excessive travel or stress, but he decides to take the same path. Reunited as professionals, the two find their passion rekindled as they are swept up in the fall of Russia\'s Czarist regime and the events of the 1917 Revolution. The second part of the film takes place shortly after the publication of Ten Days that Shook the World. Inspired by the idealism of the Revolution, Reed attempts to bring the spirit of Communism to the United States, because he is disillusioned with the policies imposed upon Communist Russia by Grigory Zinoviev and the Bolsheviks. While attempting to leave Europe, he is briefly imprisoned and interrogated in Finland. He returns to Russia and is reunited with Bryant at the railway station in Moscow. By this point, Reed is growing progressively weaker as a result of his kidney disorder. Bryant helps nurse the ailing Reed, who passes away. In fact, Reed is the only American to be buried in the Kremlin.'] ['In 1985, Ivan Drago , a highly intimidating 6-foot 5&nbsp;inch, 261-pound Soviet boxer, arrives in America with his wife Ludmilla , and a team of trainers from the USSR and Cuba. His manager, Nicolai Koloff , takes every opportunity to promote Drago\'s athleticism as a hallmark of Soviet superiority. Motivated by patriotism and an innate desire to prove himself, Apollo Creed  challenges Drago to an exhibition bout. Rocky  has reservations, but agrees to train Apollo, who enters the ring in an over-the-top patriotic entrance with James Brown performing Living in America. It soon turns serious though, as Drago beats Apollo mercilessly. Apollo is in dire straits and taking the worst beating of his life as the first round ends. Rocky and Apollo\'s trainer Duke  plead with him to give up, but Apollo refuses to do so, and tells Rocky not to stop the fight. The second round doesn\'t go any better, and despite Duke begging Rocky to throw in the towel, he honors Apollo\'s wish. This turns out to have fatal consequences as Drago beats Apollo so badly that he dies from his injuries. In the immediate aftermath, Drago displays no sense of remorse commenting to the assembled media: "If he dies... he dies." Incensed by Drago\'s cold indifference and feeling a deep sense of guilt, Rocky decides to avenge Apollo\'s death by agreeing to relinquish his title and fight Drago in Russia on Christmas Day in an unsanctioned 15-round bout. He flies to the USSR without Adrian, setting up his training base in Krasnogourbinsk with only Duke and brother-in-law Paulie  to accompany him. To prepare for the fight, Drago uses very high-tech equipment with  use of anabolic steroids and a team of trainers and doctors monitoring his every fiber. Rocky, on the other hand, throws heavy logs, chops down trees, pulls an overloaded snow sleigh, jogs in heavy snow and treacherous icy conditions and climbs a mountain. Adrian  shows up unexpectedly to give Rocky her support after initially refusing to travel to Russia because of her doubts on his fighting chances, resulting in Rocky\'s training having an added focus. Drago is introduced with an elaborate, patriotic ceremony that puts the Russian crowd squarely on Drago\'s side, as Rocky is booed by all in attendance. In contrast to his fight with Apollo, Drago immediately goes on the offensive and Rocky takes a fierce pounding. Rocky comes back toward the end of the second and silences the Russian crowd by landing a strong right hook that cuts Drago just below his left eye. While Drago is visibly shaken, Rocky is fired up and assaults Drago, which continues even after the bell rings. While Duke and Paulie cheer Rocky for his heroism, they remind him that Drago is not a machine, but a man. Ironically, Drago comments that Rocky "is not human, he is like a piece of iron" with his own corner reprimanding him for being "weak" in comparison to the "small American." The two boxers continue to hit each other over the next dozen rounds, with Rocky holding his ground despite Drago\'s powerful punches. His resilience rallies the previously hostile Soviet crowd to his side, which unsettles Drago to the point that he shoves Koloff off the ring for berating his performance. Rocky finally takes out Drago in the 15th and last round to the shock of the Soviet Politburo watching the fight. A bloody and battered Rocky gives a victory speech, acknowledging the initial and mutual disdain between himself and the crowd as much as the disdain between Russians and Americans generally, and how they\'ve come to respect and admire each other during the course of the fight which he also says is better than war between their two countries. He finishes by saying that everybody can "change." The Soviet General Secretary stands and passionately applauds Rocky and his aides follow suit. Rocky ends his speech by wishing his son a Merry Christmas, and throws his arms into the air in victory as the crowd applauds.'] ['Soe Hok Gie grew up in a lower-middle class Chinese Indonesian family in Jakarta. In his early teens, young Gie had developed a fascination in concepts and idealisms advocated by world class intellectuals. Combined with a fighter\'s passion, faithfulness to friends, and a heart filled with genuine care for others and for his country, young Gie grew to become intolerant with injustice, and dreamt of an Indonesia that is truly founded on justice, equality, and righteousness. This passion was frequently misunderstood by others. Even Soe\'s best friends, Tan Tjin Han and Herman Lantang posed the question "What is all this fighting for?" which Soe would calmly respond with his awareness that freedom has a price tag that must be paid. Soe\'s motto, as written on the movie poster, is translated as "It is better to be singled out than to surrender to hypocrisy". Soe\'s teen and college years was spent under the regime of Indonesia\'s founding father Sukarno, which was characterised with conflict between the military and the Indonesian Communist Party. Soe and his friends insisted that they were politically neutral; and as much as Soe has respect for Sukarno as Indonesia\'s founding father, Soe detested Sukarno\'s dictatorship which caused the poor and the oppressed to suffer. Soe was well aware of the social inequality, power abuse, and corruption under the government of Sukarno, and courageously spoke out against it in discussion groups, student unions, and wrote sharp criticisms in the media. Soe also abhorred the fact that too many students appeared to others as advocates of positive change, who in fact were just taking advantage of the political situation to make personal gain. This attracted much sympathy as well as opposition. Many interest groups sought Soe to support their campaigns, while many enemies of Soe jump at any opportunity to intimidate him. Tan, Soe\'s childhood friend, had always deeply admired Soe\'s prudence and courage but lacked that fighter\'s spirit himself. In their twenties, the boys were reunited again for a short time. Soe finds out that Tan had become seduced and deeply involved with the PKI but was ignorant as to what this implied or what consequences awaited. Soe urges Tan to relinquish his ties with the PKI and hide out, but Tan did not listen. Soe and his friends spend their leisure time hiking and enjoy nature with the Nature-Loving Students of the University of Indonesia . Other things they enjoyed doing included watching and analysing movies, attending traditional Indonesian performing arts, and hanging out at parties.'] ['The Lion in Winter is set during Christmas 1183, at King Henry II\'s château and primary residence in Chinon, Anjou, within the Angevin Empire of medieval France. Henry wants his youngest son Prince John  to inherit his throne, while his estranged wife Queen Eleanor of Aquitaine  favours their oldest surviving son Prince Richard the Lionheart  as heir. Meanwhile, King Philip II of France, the son and successor of Louis VII of France, Eleanor\'s ex-husband, has given his half-sister Alais, who is currently Henry\'s mistress, to the future heir, and demands either a wedding or the return of her dowry.  As a ruse, Henry agrees to give Alais to Richard and make him heir-apparent. He makes a side deal with Eleanor for her freedom in return for Aquitaine, to be given to John. When the deal is revealed at the wedding, Richard refuses to go through with the ceremony. Having believed Henry\'s intentions, John, at the direction of middle brother Prince Geoffrey, Duke of Brittany , plots with Philip to make war on England. Henry and Phillip meet to discuss terms, but Henry soon learns that Phillip has been plotting with John and Geoffrey, and that he and Richard were once lovers. Henry dismisses all three sons as unsuitable, and locks them in the dungeon. He makes plans to travel to Rome for an annulment, so that he can have new sons with Alais, but she says he will never be able to release his sons from prison or they will be a threat to his future children. Henry sees that she is right and condemns them to death, but cannot bring himself to kill them, instead letting them escape. He and Eleanor go back to hoping for the future, with Eleanor going back on the barge to prison, laughing it off with Henry before she leaves. Although the background and the eventual destinies of the characters are historically accurate, The Lion in Winter is fictional; none of the dialogue or action is historical. Although there was a Christmas court at Caen in 1182, there was no Christmas Court at Chinon in 1183. In reality, Henry had many mistresses and many illegitimate children; the "Rosamund" mentioned in the film was his mistress until she died. The article on the Revolt of 1173–1174 describes the historical events leading to the play\'s events. As a matter of historical record, Richard the Lionheart succeeded Henry II, and was followed by John.'] ["Louisiana newspaper reporter Jack Burden takes a personal interest in Willie Stark, an idealistic small-town lawyer. Circumstances develop that result in Stark's being urged to run for governor by a local political leader, Tiny Duffy. Jack has been raised around politics. He is the former lover of Anne Stanton, whose father was once governor. Jack was raised by Judge Irwin, his stepfather, an honorable man. In time, Jack and political strategist Sadie Burke reveal to Stark that he is actually a dupe in the governor's race, expected to split the vote, spout the party line and lose. This opens his eyes to the realities of politics, and he vows not to be fooled again. He defies Duffy publicly and begins to give speeches with straightforward talk that the public appreciates. He becomes governor in the next election, using any means necessary. Duffy now works for him as lieutenant governor. He also has a silent, menacing driver and bodyguard called Sugar Boy. Finally, he encourages Jack to come work for him as an adviser. Judge Irwin disapproves, seeing Stark as an opportunist. Anne Stanton seems to agree and so does her brother, Dr. Adam Stanton. Willie Stark is a persuasive man, however, and knows how to get his way. He has a pet project, building a new hospital, and convinces Dr. Stanton to run it for him. He also begins an affair with Anne Stanton, provoking Sadie's jealousy and Jack's disappointment. Criticized publicly by Judge Irwin and embroiled in increasing political controversy, Stark demands that Jack dig up dirt on the judge to be used against him. Jack insists that no such dirt exists, but he does manage to uncover the fact that many years ago, Judge Irwin accepted a bribe. Following this revelation, the judge commits suicide. Stark has now come to embrace various forms of corruption and uses patronage and intimidation to get his way. Dr. Stanton is told that the hospital is a front for the governor's own personal and political gain , and finds out about Stark's relationship with his sister. He lies in wait at the state capitol, and assassinates Stark, but is then shot and killed by Stark`s bodyguard."] ['During World War II, Irish Republican Army members are captured in London after one of their members starts questioning their causes.'] ["The film documents the events that saw a French Captain, Alfred Dreyfus, sent to Devil's Island for espionage near the end of the nineteenth century. Colonel Georges Picquart  is given the job of justifying Dreyfus' sentence. Instead, he discovers that Dreyfus , a Jew, was merely a convenient scapegoat for the actions of the true culprit, a member of the French General staff. His attempt to right the wrong sees his military career ended and the famous French author, Emile Zola , found guilty of libel."] ["In 1956 Batista's Cuba, sixteen-year-old Larita lives with her mother and her aunt's family in a ramshackle house outside Havana. From their garden they can see Ernest Hemingway's white mansion. At home, she adorns her walls with pictures of Elvis Presley and Tony Curtis, while at school she excels in her English class. Larita is delighted when her teacher suggests that she enters the scholarship exam for a university in America. Larita also happily dates a class mate, Victor, the president of the student association. On a visit to a bookshop, she is given a copy of Hemingway's The Old Man and the Sea, which she stars to read avidly, drawing parallels between the novel and her own life which she confines to her diary. At home, her family tease her about her academic aspirations, but it is also becomes clear that they resent the fact that while they work hard she studies and contributes nothing to their meager existence. The issue of finances is made more accurate when Larita is sent home because she is not wearing the correct school uniform. However, she passes the first round of scholarship exams and is invited to a reception for the finalist, trying to make herself as presentable as possible with the help of her relatives' sewing skills. She tells Victor that she is in the scholarship short list, which makes him angry since politically America represents everything he despises. That night Larita returns home to find that her uncle has been fired. At the scholarship interview, it is implied that her chances of a place are severely hampered by the fact that she is illegitimate and does not have the right social connections. In desperation, Larita decides to visit Hemingway to see if he will write a reference for her, but it turns out that he is away. Larita bitterly blames her mother for the fact that she is in disadvantage by poverty and illegitimacy. Meanwhile, at school, the student protest are becoming more frequent, culminating one afternoon in Victor's arrests. Later that year, Larita takes a job at a coffee bar where one evening the scholarship administrator walks by and recognizes her, unaware of her profound disappointment about the award. Undaunted by the knowledge that she may never have the education and career of her dreams, Larita, like the old fisherman in Hemingway's tale, is able to salvage some hope out of her despair."] ['Artemy , professor of Scientific Atheism at the Leningrad State University, is visiting his brother in a small neighboring town Leninsk. There he meets Valery , a young man who is dating his niece and has come to take her to a party. On the way back from Leninsk to Leningrad Artemy\'s car breaks down and he goes into an isolated farmhouse to get help. Artemy gets to talking with the farmhouse owner, Alexey ([[Aleksei Serebryakov . The two drink together homemade alcohol and argue about faith in God and retribution from sins, the professor defending the Soviet atheist worldview. Artemy also encounters Alexey\'s wife, Antonina , as well as Sunka , a Vietnamese worker working at the farm, who seems to be practically a personal slave of Alexey\'s, and a third stranger who is not explained at the time. Sunka worker finally fixes Artemy\'s car and the professor drives on. Meanwhile, Valery goes to a party by himself, since his girlfriend  needs to study. At the concert Valery meets another female student friend of his named Angelika , the daughter of a high-ranking Communist Party official, and they drink together. After the party, in search of more alcohol, Valery drives with her to a farm of moonshiners, which turns out to be the same farm Artemy had visited earlier. Valery tells Angelika to stay in the car while he gets the alcohol. However, instead of returning directly to the car, he gets drunk senseless with the moonshiner, Alexey. Angelika, waiting in the car, notices that she is being watched by a strange man. She gets scared, and tries to get help from Antonina, who gives the girl a shotgun and hides her in a barn. The stranger, who turns out to be a police officer Captain Zhurov , enters the barn and takes away the gun. When Sunka tries to defend the girl, Zhurov murders him, then rapes the girl with a bottle . In the morning he handcuffs her, taking her to his flat in Leninsk, and keeps the girl handcuffed to a bedframe in his bedroom, watched over by his deranged alcoholic mother, while he brings local small time criminals in to rape her, killing one after he fails to "please" the girl. The girl threatens that her fiancé, who is an army paratrooper, will save her. Captain Zhurov finds out, however, that her fiance had just been killed in Afghanistan. He arranges to have the zinc-lined coffin shipped to his apartment where he opens it and throws the corpse on the bed next to the screaming girl. Alexey the moonshiner is arrested for the killing of his Sunka. Captain Zhurov visits Alexey in his cell and convinces him to take the blame for the crime. Alexey gets a visit from his wife Antonina and explains to her why he has to agree to confess for earlier favors from the captain. Antonina meets Artemy, the professor whose testimony might exonerate her husband, but Artemy refuses to testify since that would jeopardize his academic career. Alexey is convicted, sentenced to the death penalty, and summarily executed. Antonina takes a shotgun and goes to Zhurov\'s apartment, where she encounters screaming Angelica still chained to the bed next to the rotting corpses. She shoots and kills Zhurov, then walks out without attempting to help the girl. Meanwhile, Artemy enters a church and asks to be baptized. In the last scenes Valery , is shown discussing business propositions with a friend of his . The two are excited about the amount of money that can be made in the disintegrating country.'] ['A young political idealist named Henry Burton  is recruited to join the campaign of Jack Stanton , a charismatic, Southern Governor, who is vying to win the Democratic Party nomination for President of the United States. Henry is impressed by Stanton\'s genuine warmth and empathy with people. He joins Stanton\'s inner circle of political advisers: Stanton\'s formidable wife, Susan Stanton ; ruthless, redneck political strategist Richard Jemmons ; intelligent and attractive spokeswoman Daisy Green ; and sly political operator Howard Ferguson  as they journey to New Hampshire, the first state to hold a presidential primary. After Stanton completes an impressive debate performance against his Democratic rivals, Henry’s ex-girlfriend shows up to question Stanton about his arrest during the 1968 Democratic Convention in Chicago. The team become worried that Stanton’s past indiscretions may be used against him by the press and his political opponents. They hire Jack and Susan\'s old friend, the tough but unbalanced Libby Holden , to respond to any attacks designed to undermine Stanton\'s candidacy, as well as anticipate problems such as allegations about Stanton\'s notorious womanising. One of Stanton\'s mistresses, Cashmere McLeod , produces secret taped conversations between them to prove they had an affair. Henry discovers that the tapes have been doctored, so Libby tracks down the man responsible for the tapes and forces him at gunpoint to confess his guilt in a signed letter to the American public. The campaign is then rocked by a fresh allegation when Stanton\'s old friend, "Big Willie" McCullison  approaches Henry to tell him that his 16-year old daughter is pregnant and that Stanton is the father. Henry and Howard tell Willie he must allow his daughter to undergo an amniocentesis to determine Stanton\'s paternity. Although they convince Willie to remain silent on the issue, Henry is nonetheless sickened and disillusioned with the experience. Realising the campaign is falling behind in the polls, Stanton\'s team adopt a new strategy. Stanton begins going on the offensive by attacking his nearest rival, Senator Lawrence Harris  for being insufficiently pro-Israel and threatening to cut Medicare. Harris confronts Stanton during a radio debate but suffers a heart attack after the encounter. He subsequently withdraws from the race and is replaced by his friend, former Florida Governor Fred Picker . Picker\'s wholesome, straight-talking image proves an immediate threat to the campaign. Henry and Libby decide to seek out information about Picker’s past. They discover from his brother-in-law, Eddie Reyes , that Picker had a cocaine addiction as Governor, which led to the disintegration of his first marriage. They also meet Lorenzo Delgado , with whom Picker had a homosexual affair. Not expecting the information to ever be used, Libby and Henry share their findings with Jack and Susan, but are dismayed when they both decide to leak the information to the press. Libby says that if Jack does so, she will reveal that he tampered with the results of the paternity test, proving that he slept with Willie\'s daughter. Libby commits suicide after she realizes she spent her life idealizing Jack and Susan only to learn how flawed they truly are. Racked with guilt over Libby\'s death, Stanton takes the incriminating information to Picker, and apologizes for seeking it out. Picker admits to his past indiscretions, and agrees to withdraw from the race and to endorse Stanton. Henry intends to quit the campaign, admitting he has become deeply disillusioned with the whole political process. Stanton begs Henry to reconsider, persuading him that the two of them can make history. Months later, President Stanton is dancing at the Inaugural Ball with First Lady, Susan. He shakes the hands of all his campaign staff, the last of whom is Henry.'] ["In the movie, Lan Yu , played by Liu Ye, a poor architecture student from northern China desperately needed money.  It is the late 1980s. Meeting an acquaintance, Li Zheng , who suggested to Lan Yu that the youth turn to prostitution, supposedly for one night only, to remedy his financial situation. Naively, Lan Yu agreed. That night, he arrived at Li’s bar and pool hall to meet his John. While there, Li introduced him to a successful businessman and international trader named Chen Handong .  Lan Yu is evidently smitten for he left with the older man rather than the man he was to meet. The night they spent together was not only a sexual, but also an emotional awakening, for the boy. While Lan Yu immediately fell in love with Chen Handong, the older man, who was very closeted, wanted no emotional relationship, only sex. He tried his best to avoid any attachment whatsoever with the youth, instead he showered Lan Yu with money and expensive gifts. His efforts to turn Lan Yu’s love for him into a dependent, loveless relationship failed until Lan Yu discovered Chen in the middle of the seduction of a young college athlete. Crushed, Lan Yu left Chen's apartment. They would not meet again until June 4, 1989, when Chen went looking for Lan Yu, fearing for the youth's safety amid the army’s Tiananmen Square crackdown. Finding Lan Yu disheveled and distraught, the incident reunited the two and opened a new chapter in their relationship. Although Chen Handong still could not commit totally to Lan Yu, he now gave the youth time and attention as well as money, a car, and an expensive villa in the Beijing suburbs. None of the material things were what Lan Yu really wanted although he now accepted them. Chen now lived, somewhat surreptitiously, with Lan Yu and that was all that mattered to the latter. Unfortunately, Chen Handong, being the only son of a top government bureaucrat, was under increasing pressure to marry. After a whirlwind courtship, Chen Handong married Jingping , a translator who helped him negotiate a successful business deal with the Russians. Upon this marriage, Lan Yu moved out of the villa  and Chen Handong and he lost all contact. Shortly thereafter, Chen Handong and Jingping divorced. A chance meeting at the airport and Lan Yu’s invitation to a home-cooked meal reunited the pair. Finally, Chen Handong reciprocated the love and commitment Lan Yu had so freely given and the two were truly a couple. But, Chen Handong’s company, perhaps because of the Russian deal, had aroused government suspicion. An investigation of charges of smuggling and money-laundering started. With his father dead and no longer able to protect him, Chen Handong faced a long prison term, if not execution. Lan Yu took his savings and the proceeds of the sale of his villa and all of Chen’s other gifts and raised enough funds to get Chen Handong out of legal and financial trouble. Unfortunately, just as he realized that the younger man was truly his beloved and his destiny, Lan Yu is killed in a traffic accident. Three years later, Chen Handong is still grief-stricken and that is how the film begins with his thinking back on the past and what might have been."] ['P.J. Lurz, an industrialist with an office in a Berlin’s high-rise, informs his American headquarters that the company has difficulty selling its security-related computer systems to the West Germany government in Bonn. Nevertheless Lurz has hatched a secret plan to boost sales. Meanwhile Susanne, Lurz’s secretary, receives a phone call with the message: The world as will as idea. This is a code phrase amongst a secret group of thirty something middle class leftists and would be terrorist to which she belongs. The phrase has been taken from the central work of the German philosopher Arthur Schopenhauer "The World as Will and Representation”. With these words, Susanne sets an ambiguous covert plot into motion, alerting the members of the terrorist cell of an upcoming meeting. They are: Ringleader August Brem; Susanne\'s composer husband Edgar; feminist history professor Hilde Krieger: Petra Vielhabor, a housewife who is constantly arguing with her banker husband Hans; and Rudolf Mann, a clerk in a record store. P.J. Lurz is informed by Gerhard Gast, the inspector general of the police that he is being watched and is under police protection. Gast, has also arrived to pick up Susanne, her daughter in law. In route to their home, Susanne and Gerhard stop at a hotel room and have sex. They have been carrying an affair with sado-masochistic undertones. The Gast family has dinner together: Gerhardt, Susan, her husband Edgar, the caustic grandfather, the delusional pianist grandmother and the young couple’s small son. While having dinner Grandpa Gast tells Edgar that every generation needs a war. The terrorist gather at Rudolf’s large apartment, but August is annoyed by the presence of Rudolf’s roommate Ilse Hoffman, a drug addict. August sees her as a threat to their secret activities. Bored and with not much to do the group spend their time playing monopoly. They eagerly wait the arrival of a new contact. His name is Paul and he arrives from training camps in Africa having more experience. Paul is assigned to live with Hilde. He rapes her, however by the following day they have become a couple. August Brem, the leader among the terrorist, is in fact a double agent. He is secretly in contact with Lurz, who wants to boost sales of his security computers by financing the terrorist group. Rudolf’s apartment serves as the terrorist headquarters and meeting point. Claiming domestic abuse, Petra leaves her husband and decides to stay with Rudolf. The group of terrorist is completed with the arrival of two friends of Ilse. One is her former boyfriend, Franz Walsh, a beefy black German who is an explosives expert recently discharged of the military. The other is his friend Bernhard von Stein, an aristocrat whose fondness for the works of Bakunin makes him the object of jokes. Franz fails to find a job but reconnects with his drug addict girlfriend Ilse. Times are tense and get even worse when Paul is gunned down by the authorities at a restaurant. Edgar, witnesses his death and sees his father, Officer Gast, at the scene. Paul’s death scares the members of his gang. In order to finance their activities Petra and some of the other terrorists robbed the very bank in which Petra’s husband works. While they are escaping Petra shoots and kills her husband. They franticly change their looks and names and flee from their homes. August gives out a paper squares to the group. Some have a mark and some don’t. Petra, Rudolf and Hilde got the marks and had to break into an office at night in order to steal the new identities. Rudolf is so scared that he pees in his pants and the others laugh at him. The joke is short live because Franz finds Ilse dead of a drug overdose. Bernhard is interrogated by Officer Gast as to their where about. Bernhard genuinely does not know but gets curious and follows August undetected. He sees Lurtz give money to August in order to finance the terrorist activities. After Pauls’ death, the terrorist believe that there is a traitor among them. August makes the others think that it was Franz. August sets up Franz by telling him where Ilse is buried. He then calls the authorities and gets him killed. August also does the same to Petra when she is instructed to place a bomb and gets intercepted and killed by the police. Bernhard is caught by Officer Gast at the cemetery when he tried to warn Franz that it was a set up and not to go to Ilse’s grave. Bernhard tells Officer Gast of what he saw at the Chinese restaurant and after argument Bernhard falls down a long flight of stairs and is killed. Taking advantage that it is carnival season, the remaining terrorist wearing costumes Kidnapped PJ Lurtz. He is video taped in a basement. He still believes that all is part of his secret plan and smiles to the camera.'] ["The film loosely follows Britain's most prolific hangman, Albert Pierrepoint , from the time he is first trained for the job and accepted onto the list of the country's official hangmen in 1932 until his resignation in 1956."] ['During the Korean War, the Soviets capture an American platoon and take them to Manchuria in Communist China. After the war, the soldiers return to the United States, and Staff Sergeant Raymond Shaw  is credited with saving their lives in combat. Upon the recommendation of the platoon\'s commander, Captain Bennett Marco , Shaw is awarded the Medal of Honor for his supposed actions. When asked to describe him, Marco and the other soldiers automatically respond, "Raymond Shaw is the kindest, bravest, warmest, most wonderful human being I\'ve ever known in my life." Deep down, however, they know that Shaw is a cold, sad, unsociable loner. Marco &mdash; who has since been promoted to Major &mdash; suffers from a recurring nightmare in which a hypnotized Shaw kills two fellow soldiers before the assembled military brass of communist nations, during a practical demonstration of a brainwashing technique. Marco wants to investigate, but receives no support from Army Intelligence as he has no proof. However, Marco learns that another soldier from the platoon, Allen Melvin ([[James Edwards , has had the same nightmare. When Melvin and Marco separately identify some of the men in the dream as leading figures in communist governments, Army Intelligence agrees to help Marco investigate.  Meanwhile, Shaw\'s mother, Mrs. Eleanor Iselin , drives the political career of her husband and Shaw\'s stepfather, Senator John Yerkes Iselin ([[James Gregory , a McCarthy-like demagogue who is widely dismissed as a fool. Senator Iselin finds a newfound political profile when he claims that an undetermined number of Communists work within the Defense Department. However, unknown to Raymond, Mrs. Iselin is actually a Communist agent with a plan intended to secure the presidency under Communist influence. Mrs. Iselin is the American "operator" responsible for controlling Raymond, who was conditioned in Manchuria to be an unwitting assassin whose actions are triggered by a Queen of Diamonds playing card. When he sees it, he will obey the next suggestion or order given to him. When given instructions to kill selected targets, he must also kill any witnesses and never remember his actions, making him the perfect assassin. It is revealed that Shaw\'s heroism was a false memory implanted in the platoon by the Communists in Manchuria, and that they were covertly returned to the American lines when their conditioning was completed; the actions for which Shaw was awarded his Medal of Honor never took place. Raymond briefly finds happiness when he rekindles a youthful romance with Jocelyn Jordan , the daughter of Senator Thomas Jordan , one of his stepfather\'s political rivals. Raymond had previously courted Jocelyn in order to get back at his mother, but they then genuinely fell in love. Mrs. Iselin broke up the relationship for political reasons, but now facilitates the couple\'s reunion as part of her scheme to garner the support of Senator Jordan for her husband\'s own sudden bid for Vice President. Jocelyn, wearing a Queen of Diamonds costume outfit, inadvertently hypnotizes Raymond at a costume party thrown by the Iselins, and the couple elopes. Although pleased with the match, Senator Jordan makes it clear to Mrs. Iselin that he will move for her husband\'s impeachment if he makes any attempt to seek the vice-presidential nomination. Mrs. Iselin triggers Raymond\'s conditioning and sends him to assassinate Jordan. Raymond carries out his orders, and also kills Jocelyn when she happens upon the scene. Raymond has no knowledge of his actions, and is genuinely grief-stricken when he learns of the murders. Marco discovers the role of the Queen of Diamonds card in hypnotizing Raymond into committing murder. Marco meets Raymond and, using a deck composed entirely of such cards, gets the full story; he then orders Raymond to break the links between the card and obeying any further subsequent orders. Mrs. Iselin primes her son to assassinate their party\'s presidential candidate at the nomination convention so that Senator Iselin, as the vice-presidential candidate, will become the presidential candidate by default. This will cause mass hysteria that will get Iselin, "the Manchurian candidate", elected and justify emergency powers that, in Mrs. Iselin\'s words, "will make martial law seem like anarchy". Mrs. Iselin tells Raymond that she did not know that he was to be selected by the Communists, who apparently chose him to be the assassin because they believed it would solidify their own hold and control over her. She vows that once in power she will "grind them into the dirt". Marco\'s attempt to free Raymond appears to have failed. Raymond enters the convention hall disguised as a Catholic priest and takes up a position to carry out the assassination as he was instructed, using a rifle with a scope. Marco and his supervisor, Colonel Milt ([[Douglas Henderson , arrive at the convention to stop him. As the Presidential nominee  makes his speech, Raymond instead takes his revenge and saves the country by shooting his mother and stepfather dead. He then commits suicide in front of Marco while wearing his Medal of Honor.'] ["David Merrill , a director in 1950s Hollywood, returns from abroad to find that a rising tide of McCarthyism and the Red Scare has led to his not being allowed to work in films. He will only be allowed to direct once he implicates colleagues as Communist agents. He must decide whether to turn informant, or to stick to principle at the cost of his life's work."] ['Paradise Now follows Palestinian childhood friends Said and Khaled who live in Nablus and have been recruited for suicide attacks in Tel Aviv. It focuses on what would be their last days together. Their handlers from an unidentified "resistance group" tell them the attack will take place the next day. The pair record videos glorifying Allah and their cause, and bid their unknowing families and loved ones goodbye, while trying to behave normally to avoid arousing suspicion. The next day, they shave off their hair and beards and don suits in order to look like Israelis. Their cover story is that they are going to a wedding. An explosive belt is attached to each man; the handlers are the only ones with the keys needed to remove the belts without detonating them. The men are instructed to detonate the bombs at the same place, a military check point in Israel, with a time interval of 15 minutes so that the second bomb will kill police arriving after the first blast. They cross the Israeli border, but have to flee from guards. Khaled returns to their handlers, who have fled by the time Said arrives. The handlers remove Khaled\'s explosive belt and issue a search for Said. Khaled believes he is the best person to find Said since he knows him well, and he is given until the end of that day to find him. After Said escapes from the guards, he re-enters Israeli territory alone. At one point, he considers detonating the bomb on a commercial bus, but he decides not to when he sees a child on board. Eventually, Said reveals his reason for taking part in the suicide bombing. While in a car with Suha, a woman he has fallen in love with &mdash; who plays the role of the doubter or the men\'s conscience &mdash; he explains that his father was an ameel , who was executed for his actions. He blames the Israelis for taking advantage of his father\'s weakness. Khaled eventually finds Said, who is still wearing the belt and about to detonate it while lying on his father\'s grave. They return to the handlers, and Said convinces them that the attack need not be canceled, because he is ready for it. They both travel to Tel Aviv. Influenced by Suha, who discovered their plan, Khaled cancels his suicide attack. Khaled tries to convince Said to back off as well. However Said manages to shake Khaled by pretending to agree. The film ends with a long shot of Said sitting on a bus carrying Israeli civilians and soldiers, slowly zooming in on his eyes, and then suddenly cuts to white. It is left open to the viewers\' interpretation to determine whether or not Said detonated the bomb.'] ['Sir William Walker , is an agent provocateur sent to the island of Queimada, a fictional Portuguese colony in the Lesser Antilles island group in the Caribbean. The film was originally set on a Spanish island called Quemada, meaning "burnt", but it was changed to Portuguese after the Spanish government found it insulting; however the language spoken in the film remained Spanish.{{imdb title}} Walker is sent to organize an uprising of black slaves to overthrow the Portuguese regime because Great Britain wants to get economic control of the island, because it is an important sugar cane producer. The plan is to replace the Portuguese administration by a formally sovereign state controlled by white latifundists friendly to Great Britain. To realize this project, William Walker persuades the black slaves to fight for their liberation from slavery and for freedom. José Dolores  becomes the leader of the rebellion, while white political leaders assassinate the governor and establish a provisional government. After the overthrow of the Portuguese regime, British interests establish a corrupt puppet government, while Dolores is marginalized. While slavery had been formally ended and the former slaves in theory had rights, a legal and property system was established that forced them to continue to work in the sugar cane plantations in even worse conditions than before. William Walker leaves the island after the revolution. He comes back to Queimada 10 years later, this time to destroy the black political movement he had helped create. José Dolores has taken Walker\'s ideas to heart and is now leading a rebel army against the British puppet regime in Queimada. Walker is no longer working for the British government but for the Royal Sugar Company, which organizes its own army and manipulates Queimada politics directly, including ordering the execution of one of its puppet presidents. After this, British troops land on the island, contributing artillery and crack infantry for fighting the rebels. Their main strategy is setting fire to the forests and sugar-cane fields to draw out the rebels—a strategy that achieves its goal but also destroys the reason for Britain\'s interest in the island. Eventually, the rebel army is defeated and Jose Dolores is captured. Dolores is offered his freedom in return for renouncing the rebellion. However, Dolores turns down this offer and is hanged, willingly sacrificing himself as a martyr. The movie ends when Walker is killed by a man in the street, seemingly as revenge for Dolores\'s death.'] ["The plot portrays the Swedish government as being responsible for using the ship to covertly transport Russian high-tech components to the United States. The story is uncovered by a young female journalist, not unlike Rabe herself. According to Rabe, divers hired by the Swedish government  spent hours breaking into cabins frantically searching for a black attaché case carried by a Russian space technology dealer, Aleksandr Voronin . She highlighted US interest in various Soviet technology, including nuclear-powered satellites. She also suggested that panic about the stability of some form of nuclear device is the most likely reason behind the initial Swedish government suggestion of burying the wreck in concrete, a highly unusual proposal for a wreck, reminiscent of Chernobyl's sarcophagus."] ['Most of the story is told in flashbacks, starting with Hoffa first meeting Ciaro and ending with one version of Hoffa\'s mysterious disappearance. Hoffa and Ciaro are first seen impatiently waiting in the parking lot of a diner in 1975. Others are late for a meeting. Asked if he wants to leave, Hoffa gives Ciaro a scornful glance. The first flashback to 1935 then occurs: A young Jimmy Hoffa approaches a parked truck, inside of which driver Ciaro is taking a nap. Hoffa talks to him about the benefits of joining the Teamsters. He gives Ciaro a business card, on which he has written: "Give this man whatever he needs." A few days later, Ciaro reports to work to find Hoffa attempting to organize the workers. Hoffa blurts out about their ride together and Ciaro is fired. He later accosts Hoffa with a Bowie Knife, but is persuaded to drop it at gunpoint by Hoffa\'s associate Billy Flynn. Ciaro joins the pair in the arson bombing of a laundry whose owner has refused to cooperate with the Teamsters. Flynn is badly burned and dies. Ciaro succeeds him as Hoffa\'s right-hand man. Another flashback shows a Teamsters strike. While strikers fight with non-union workers and police, Hoffa is taken to a local Mafia boss. Ciaro, who speaks Italian, comes along. An alliance between the Teamsters and the mob is formed. Hoffa meets Carol  D\'Allesandro, who would become his closest mob ally. Hoffa rises to the presidency of the International Brotherhood of Teamsters. His illegal activities include the use of Teamster funds to provide loans to the mob. At a Congressional hearing, Hoffa is questioned by Robert F. Kennedy regarding his suspicious union activities.  The tension between Kennedy and Hoffa grows, especially after John F. Kennedy is elected U.S. President and brother Bobby becomes Attorney General. Hoffa is betrayed by a junior associate, Peter Connelly, in court. The evidence used against him are the plans he wrote on the back of a hunting license. He surrenders to federal officials and serves time in a Pennsylvania federal prison while Frank Fitzsimmons takes his place as Teamsters boss. Ciaro, also convicted and imprisoned, is freed before Hoffa and immediately begins working for his boss\'s release. D\'Allesandro suggests that the Teamsters endorse Richard M. Nixon for President, the idea being that in exchange for Teamster endorsement, Hoffa will receive a presidential pardon. Hoffa gets out and expects to again run the Teamsters, but learns that one of the conditions of his release is that he is ineligible to run the union for ten years. Hoffa meets with D\'Allesandro and is shown screaming at the gangster that Hoffa wants Fitzsimmons dead; the tirade is laced with various obscenities and descriptive suggestions as to what to do with a few of Fitzsimmons\' body parts. D\'Allesandro tells Hoffa that he\'s \'too hot\' and that \'I can\'t get close to it\'. Hoffa leaves with the matter unresolved. Some time later, Hoffa tells D\'Allesandro  that unless the matter of Fitzsimmons can be settled , Hoffa will go to the press and detail his dealings with D\'Allesandro. D\'Allesandro then tells Ciaro to tell Hoffa that \'everything\'s gonna be all right\' and also that Ciaro should tell Hoffa \'I know he doesn\'t mean it\' and that they should all meet the next day at \'The Roadhouse\', a local diner. Hoffa and Ciaro spend several hours waiting for D\'Allesandro in the parking lot of the diner but he never arrives. A purported union driver  who had been waiting in the diner, allegedly for a part for his truck, reveals himself to be a \'hit man\' after gaining the trust of Ciaro during short conversations over the course of the long wait. Just exactly who sent this \'hit man\' is not revealed, however, the implication is that he was sent by D\'Allesandro in retaliation for Hoffa\'s threat to \'go to the press\'. Hoffa is gunned down in the back seat of his car and Ciaro is shot while attempting to come to Hoffa\'s aid. Ciaro\'s body is dumped on top of Hoffa\'s and the car is driven into the back of a large truck that had driven up as the shootings were taking place.  The camera focuses on the roll-up door of the truck showing the different state plates, implying a final bit of irony: that Hoffa\'s dead body is being transported, in all likelihood, by a Teamster driver. The truck drives off into the sunset and the movie ends.'] ["The film is almost documentary in its portrayal of facts. It claims to be based strongly on facts, apart from some adaptations like merging various characters into one. After two hours the movie changes dramatically. The first two hours are about the six years before the fall of Batista's dictatorship. The last hour is about the 40 years after that. Consequently the presentation of facts is very sketchy, many things are left out, and the order of events is not always correct. The mood changes as well &ndash; the beginning is suspiciously positive, but after the Revolutionaries take over, almost everything is put in a negative light. Castro is shown as still willing but also stupid, using illogical reasonings which are not consistent with someone who has a degree in Law. There are also several suggestions that Castro lost the trust of the people and lost contact with the people. In the first two hours Castro regularly distances himself from Communism and Communists, but after the take-over, the film suggests that Castro had always aspired a Marxist-Leninist State."] ['Pete Garrison  is a Secret Service agent and one of the personal bodyguards for First Lady of the United States Sarah Ballentine , with whom he is having an affair. He is one of the oldest and most experienced agents, having been involved in saving Ronald Reagan\'s life during the Reagan assassination attempt. A fellow agent and close friend, Charlie Merriweather , is murdered. Garrison gets word from a trusted informant that the killing of Merriweather is related to an assassination plot against the President. The intelligence provided by the informant reveals that a mole with access to the President\'s security detail had provided information to the assassins. The Secret Service Protective Intelligence Division, led by Garrison\'s former protégé and ex-friend David Breckinridge  with rookie partner Jill Marin , is tasked with investigating the plot, which begins with polygraphs for every agent. Meanwhile, the mole discovers the discussion with the informant and Garrison\'s affair with the First Lady, and attempts to blackmail Garrison by luring him to a coffee shop known to be a meeting point for Colombian gangs. After failing the polygraph test , Garrison becomes the prime suspect for providing the information to the assassins. Breckinridge confronts Garrison at home and begins to interrogate him. The source of rancor between them comes to light: Garrison supposedly had an affair with Breckinridge’s wife and caused the breakup of their marriage, which he denies. Garrison escapes capture and conducts an independent investigation of the assassination plot, while making brief contact with the First Lady to deny his involvement. He tries to contact the informant who gave him the tip, but finds that he has been killed. Breckinridge gets the drop on Garrison but refuses to kill him, despite giving other agents "shoot to kill" orders. Using his contacts with sympathetic agents and family members, Garrison tracks down the location of one of the assassins, and learns they are headed to Toronto to attack the president at the G8 summit. After killing the assassin and finding incriminating evidence in the apartment, Garrison tells Marin of the discovery, but later finds that the evidence and body of the assassin was removed before she arrived. The First Lady discloses her affair with Garrison to Breckinridge, who now believes that Garrison is innocent. Together in Toronto, they discover the identity of the assassins and the mole, senior agent William Montrose , who was never polygraphed. Montrose is in charge of directing security at the G8 summit. The leader of the assassins, The Handler , tells Montrose to give him the President. Montrose attempts to refuse, but there is a threat to the lives of the agent\'s wife and two daughters if he backs out. Emotionally torn, Montrose is instructed by The Handler to jam the secret service\'s communication radios, and leave the summit via a specific route; the assassins will handle the rest. On the night of the President\'s speech, Breckinridge and Garrison race to the summit. The assassins, dressed as Royal Canadian Mounted Police  ERT operators, kill several agents and try to kill the President. Montrose reveals he is the mole to the President, despite the assassin\'s threats against Montrose\'s family. Montrose then purposely walks in front of and is ultimately killed by one of the assassins in the stairwell. Garrison, Breckinridge and Marin kill the remaining disguised assassins while safely bringing the President and First Lady up to the summit to be evacuated. With all of his accomplices dead, The Handler comes forward dressed as an RCMP officer personally to kill the President and First Lady. He grabs Sarah Ballentine hostage and aims his pistol to shoot the President, but Garrison shoots him dead. In spite of the events, Garrison is forced to take an early retirement due to the disclosure of the affair with the First Lady, who looks on sadly from her window as Garrison leaves the White House. He does, however, make peace with Breckinridge, who finally realizes that Garrison never slept with his wife. Breckenridge tells Garrison that he is meeting her later on to talk things over.'] ["The film depicts the relatively primitive medical practices of the time and the suppositions that physicians made in their efforts to understand the human body. After King George III begins to go mad, his doctors attempt cures such as blistering and purges, led on particularly by the Prince of Wales' personal physician, Dr Warren. Meanwhile, another of the King's physicians, Dr. Pepys, analyzes the King's stool and urine believing that body wastes may contain some clue to the Royal malady; of course, none of these attempts to cure the King actually works. Finally, Lady Pembroke, attendant to the Queen, recommends Dr. Willis, an ex-minister who attempts to cure the insane through behavior modification, and who begins his restoration of the King's mental state by enforcing a strict regime of strapping the King into a waistcoat and restraining him whenever he misbehaves. Meanwhile, the Prince of Wales has been scheming to have himself made Prince Regent, at which point he will effectively be King. He allies with the opposition, led by Charles Fox, to Prime Minister William Pitt's increasingly unpopular government. Tensions rise as the day of the Prince's appointment as Regent draws near, but Dr Willis is making good progress with the King, managing to bring him from his raving and violent state of mind back to a level of normality. As he improves, the King becomes less eccentric, and even manages to recite Shakespeare. Once the Lord Chancellor, Baron Thurlow, hears of the King's rapid recovery, the race begins to get the King to Parliament in time to stop the Prince of Wales being appointed Regent. They arrive just in time, the Prince's plans are thwarted, and King George returns to the throne and to the loving company of his wife the Queen."] ['Repentance is set in a small Georgian town. The film starts with the scene of a woman preparing cakes. A man in a chair is reading from a newspaper that the town\'s mayor, Varlam Aravidze  has died. One day after the funeral the corpse of the mayor turns up in the garden of his son\'s house. The corpse is reburied, only to reappear again in the garden. A woman, Ketevan Barateli , is eventually arrested and accused of digging up the corpse. She defends herself and states that Varlam does not deserve to be buried as he was responsible for a Stalin-like regime of terror responsible for the disappearance of her parents and her friends. She is put on trial and gives her testimony, with the story of Varlam\'s regime being told in flashbacks. During the trial, whereas Varlam\'s son Abel  denies any wrongdoings by his father and his lawyer tries to get Ketevan declared insane. Varlam\'s grandson Tornike  is shocked by the revelations about the crimes of his grandfather. He ultimately commits suicide. Abel himself then throws Varlam\'s corpse off a cliff on the outskirts of the town. At the end the film returns to the scene of the woman preparing a cake. An old woman is asking her at the window whether this is the road that leads to the temple. The woman replies that the road is Varlam street and will not lead to the temple. The old woman replies: "What good is a road if it doesn\'t lead to a temple?".'] ['Joan is brought to trial. Her judges try to make her say something that will discredit her claim or shake her belief that she has been given a mission by God to drive the English from France, but she remains steadfast. One or two of them, believing that she is indeed a saint, support her. The authorities then resort to deception. A priest reads to the illiterate prisoner a false letter supposedly from her king, telling her to trust in the bearer. When that too fails, Joan is taken to view the torture chamber, but the sight, though it causes her to faint, does not intimidate her. When she is threatened with burning at the stake, she finally breaks and allows a priest to guide her hand in signing a confession. However, she soon recants and is publicly executed.Dreyer, Carl Theodor. Four Screenplays. Bloomington & London: Indiana University Press. 1970. ISBN 253-12740-8. pp. 27-76.'] ['On 21 January 1968, 31 North Korean commandos of Unit 124 are shown to have infiltrated South Korea in a failed mission to assassinate President Park Chung-hee. As a means of retaliation, the South Korean military assembled a team of 31 social outcasts including criminals on death row and life imprisonment, in a plot to kill Kim Il-sung. The team is designated \'Unit 684\'. The recruits are taken to the island of Silmido for training. The mission is offered to the recruits as the only way to redeem themselves and show their loyalty to their country. If they succeed, they will win their freedom and a new life. With this goal in mind, they endure their training. The training is shown over several months, with the recruits enduring various forms of extremely vigorous training and regular physical punishment, including being branded. One recruit is killed after he falls from a ropes course. At the end of their training, they are dispatched on their mission to North Korea, but are recalled not long after their departure. It is revealed that the project has been called off, as the government attempts a peaceful reunification with the North. The recruits return to Silmido discouraged and frustrated. Shortly afterwards two of the Unit 684 members escape from their barracks and rape a female doctor. They are quickly discovered, and believing that they will be executed, decide to commit suicide. One kills the other at his request but is apprehended before he is able to kill himself. The apprehended soldier is then returned to the camp, tied up, and made to watch his fellow Unit 684 members being beaten by the guards for the two men\'s betrayal. Enraged, one of the Unit 684 members being beaten is able to take his guard\'s bat and kills the tied up soldier for bringing disgrace to the unit. To keep the plot to kill Kim Il-sung unknown to the outside world, the South Korean intelligence agency decide to kill all the members of Unit 684. The unit\'s commander protests, but is told that if his troops failed to follow this order, they too would be killed alongside Unit 684. Torn between his duty to follow orders and his personal honor, the commander intentionally leaks this information to one of the Unit 684 members. Unit 684, realizing they are going to be killed that same night, make plans to mutiny. They attack and kill the majority of their guards, and find out from one of the guards that they legally no longer exist, and never would have received recognition for their mission if it succeeded, nor even be allowed to return to society. Unit 684 decide to escape from the island and make their story known. The 20 remaining members of Unit 684 capture a bus containing civilians and head to Seoul. An official pronouncement is heard over the radio that 20 "armed communist agents" have infiltrated the country, and a state of emergency is declared. After charging through one army roadblock and winning a firefight they are eventually stopped and surrounded by soldiers. A firefight ensures, with the South Korean army showing no regard for the welfare of the civilians on board the bus. All of the Unit 684 members are either killed or wounded, and many South Korean soldiers are also killed. The surviving Unit 684 members release the civilians who have not been killed by the South Korean army, before committing suicide using their own hand grenades. An investigation into the incident is shown to have been carried out; however the report is not read and is seen to be filed away in storage.'] ['In 1942, a young Scot, Charlotte Gray, travels to London to take a job as a medical receptionist for a Harley Street doctor. On the train, a man enters her compartment and chats with her, asking questions about her life and expressing interest that she is fluent in French. He gives her his card with the date, time and address of a book launch. Social life in London is in full swing and her friends convince her to go. She soon meets RAF Flight Lieutenant Peter Gregory, but is interrupted by Richard Cannerley, the older man from the train, who urges her to meet some of his acquaintances and asks her to contact him when she leaves. The volatile nature of life at the time is epitomised when Charlotte and Peter quickly get involved. As they talk about the war and bravery, Charlotte confides that she thinks Cannerley wants her to try out for some secret organisation. Peter tells her not to get involved. With his leave over, he is to take part in operations over France for the next few weeks. Charlotte joins the SOE and is seconded to FANY with the rank of Driver. She completes her initial training and is on leave when she learns that Gregory\'s plane has gone down and he is "missing in action". Charlotte signs up for operations in France and is dropped in with two men. She lands out of the zone, because of two boys on the ground playing with flashlights. They run away, half thinking she\'s an angel. Her mission is to complete a test run; a handover of some radio valves. Her cover immediately is close to being blown, as the contact for the handover is taken by the police in front of her. Her main resistance contact, Julien, reassigns her to act as a friend of his and housekeeper to his father, Levade, an aging and no longer inspired painter. He has taken in two Jewish children, André and Jacob, after their parents were arrested. As time progresses, the film reveals that the parents were deported to Poland, and the Vichy French government is cooperating in the steadily growing oppression of the Jews in France. Gray participates in a resistance action of blowing up a train bearing tanks and armaments. The Nazis bring their own forces and tanks to the village, to crush the resistance in the area. Gray is told by her SOE contact that Gregory died after being shot down and she grieves for him. A Vichy official arrives from Paris to work with the Germans and local villagers to ensure the quota for a roundup of Jews is met. The schoolmaster Renech follows Gray and learns that Levade is hiding the children. He threatens Gray with reporting the boys to the Nazis unless she agrees to become his "friend". That night, the Germans surprise Julien\'s group and kill them all. Believing Charlotte betrayed them, he confronts her the next day at his father\'s house. Soon after, the Germans, with Renech and the Vichy official, arrive at Levade\'s place. They ask for his papers and interview him about his Jewish ancestry . Away from the main room, Renech threatens Julien, saying either his father or the boys must be given up. Julien returns and states that both his father and, thus he have Jewish ancestry ; his father understands that he is trying to protect the boys. The officials say that Julien does not qualify, as he has more French ancestry than his father. They take Levade to the prison camp/transfer station, where people are being gathered for deportation to camps in eastern Europe. Renech betrays the boys anyway, and they are captured by the Nazis, with Charlotte failing to intercept them. Julien locates Renech and murders him in retaliation. He then decides to go to southern France and perhaps escape to fight elsewhere. He asks Charlotte to go with him, but she says she has to stay. Evading French police, she writes a paper and takes it to the station where Jews are being loaded into cattle cars. People from the village run alongside the cars, searching for their loved ones. Hearing the boys and Levade, she pushes the paper between the boards of their car. Levade reads what is revealed as a letter ostensibly from the boys\' parents, encouraging them and reminding them of their love. Charlotte leaves France through a pickup by the SOE. After the end of the war, she is contacted in London by Peter Gregory, who had been in hiding but survived being shot down. She says things have changed; she grieved for him and can\'t return to their relationship. At the end of the film, Charlotte returns to France and to Julien. Though the film suggests Julien\'s father and the boys are doomed, the book is explicit that they die in a concentration camp.'] ['Too Big to Fail chronicles the 2008 financial meltdown, focusing on the actions of Secretary of the Treasury Henry Paulson  to contain the problems during the period of August 2008 to October 3, 2008. Dick Fuld , CEO of Lehman Brothers, is seeking external investment, but investors are wary as Lehman is seriously exposed to toxic housing assets and the Treasury is ideologically opposed to offering any sort of bailout as they did for Bear Stearns. Paulson attempts to arrange a private solution to the Lehman problem, and both Bank of America and Barclays express interest in Lehman\'s "good" assets. Bank of America pulls back from the deal and instead chooses to purchase Merrill Lynch. Barclays is prepared to accept the terms of the merger, but British banking regulators refuse to approve the deal. Paulson directs Fuld to declare bankruptcy before the market opens. The initial reaction on Wall Street is favorable as is the political reaction. However, Paulson quickly learns that Lehman\'s counterparty risk is impacting the entire financial market and the stock market is in freefall. Another crisis arises as AIG begins to collapse. Paulson\'s team realizes that if AIG is allowed to fail, its entire insurance portfolio will default and the entire financial industry will suffer massive losses. The Treasury takes over AIG. Ben Bernanke , Chairman of the Federal Reserve, argues that the status quo is unsustainable and that the Congress must pass legislation to authorize any continued intervention by the Fed or the Treasury. Paulson\'s plan is to buy the "toxic" assets from the banks. Direct capital injection is considered and rejected. Timothy Geithner , President of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, realizes that the market cannot wait for Congressional action and attempts to arrange mergers between consumer banks and investment banks, but this proves untenable. Paulson receives a call from Jeffrey Immelt  of General Electric who tells him that GE is unable to finance its daily operations. Paulson realizes the crisis has spread to Main Street. Bernanke and Paulson lobby Congress, with Bernanke emphasizing that a lack of credit helped make the 1929 stock crash into the Great Depression, and that if Congress fails to act that the fallout will be far worse. The legislation looks likely to pass, but is thrown into chaos when John McCain suspends his campaign for president to join the negotiations. Paulson begs Nancy Pelosi not to back away from the negotiations, but too many Republicans vote "no", causing an immediate drop in the Dow of 600 points. After a wave of panic and personal haranguing from President George W. Bush, the legislation passes on a second attempt, and the Emergency Economic Stabilization Act of 2008 is signed into law. Paulson decides that the only way to get credit flowing again is direct capital injections. With the help of FDIC chair Sheila Bair and the threat of an FDIC audit, Paulson informs the participating banks that they will be receiving mandatory capital injections and they must use this money to get credit moving again. The banks agree, but Paulson balks at putting additional restrictions on how the funds are to be used. Paulson\'s Treasury deputy for public affairs  laments that the parties who caused the crisis are being allowed to dictate the terms. Bernanke states that he hopes the banks will use the funds as intended. An epilogue reveals that although markets did stabilize and the banks repaid their Troubled Asset Relief Program funds, credit standards continued to tighten resulting in rising unemployment and foreclosures. As bank mergers continued in the wake of the crisis, these banks became even larger and at the time of the film, 10 financial institutions held 77% of all US banking assets and have been declared too big to fail.'] ["A Senator's daughter  seems to have a lock on a nomination as the US Surgeon General, until a background check reveals she once neglected to return a jury-duty notice. Then she makes a mistake in comments about her homemaker mother that leaves her open to a media blitz and her sure-fire nomination suddenly appears shaky."] ['The story follows the interactions of two boys who first became best friends during their years at an orphanage. Once they leave the orphanage to continue their separate ways as adults, they keep in touch with each other even though they disagree on almost all the major issues in life. But the story is more profound and is considered a major psychological drama.'] ['Hasari Pal  is a rural farmer who moves to Calcutta with his wife  and three children in search of a better life. The Pals don\'t get off to a very good start: They are cheated out of their rent money and thrown out on the streets, and it\'s difficult for Hasari to find a job to support them. But the determined family refuses to give up and eventually finds its place in the poverty-stricken city. Meanwhile, on the other end of Calcutta, disillusioned Texas doctor Max Lowe  has arrived in search of spiritual enlightenment after the loss of a patient but encounters misfortune as soon as he arrives. After being tricked by a young prostitute, he is roughed up by thugs and left bleeding in the street without his documents and valuable possessions. Hasari comes to Max\'s aid and takes the injured doctor to the "City of Joy," a slum area populated with lepers and poor people that becomes the Pals\' new home and the American\'s home away from home. Max spends a lot of time in the neighborhood, but he doesn\'t want to become too involved with the residents because he is afraid of becoming emotionally attached to them. He soon, however, is coaxed into helping his new-found friends by a strong-willed Irish woman , who runs the local clinic. Eventually, Max begins to fit in with his fellow slum-dwellers and become more optimistic. There are many around him whose lives are much worse, but they look on each day with a hope that gives new strength to the depressed doctor.'] ['At Christmas 1958 in Hungary, the body of Éva Szalánczky, an apparent murder victim, is recovered from a forest. In hospital, Livia Horváth, bandaged around her neck is recuperating, and is told that she will be unable to live her life as before; the reason is not made explicit. The lesbian Éva, already known to the authorities for her private life, begins a new job as a journalist at The Truth, a weekly periodical, and meets the married Livia when the two women share an office. The attraction is immediate, but Livia is initially resistant. Late at night, while kissing in darkness on a park bench, the women are discovered by a policeman, who warns Livia that her husband and employer will be informed if she is found in the same uncompromising position again. Éva is arrested, but soon released. At a collective farm, Éva finds the authorities have blocked an attempt at a more democratic way of organising their cooperative venture. Her understanding editor, a supporter of the short-lived government of the recently executed Imre Nagy, refuses to publish the article, and she resigns before she is sacked. Éva and Livia have a brief affair. The previously mild Dönci Horváth, an army officer, shoots his wife while she in the bath after her confession of love for Éva. Livia survives and her husband is imprisoned for the offence. At the hospital, Livia rejects Éva, who then journeys to the countryside. At night, Éva is challenged to stop walking by border guards, but is shot dead when she fails to do.'] ['Carmine Bonavia is elected mayor of New York City on the issue of drug legalization. After the election, he marries and travels to his ancestral home of Sicily for their honeymoon where he encounters men of power will stop at nothing to prevent the legalization of drugs, which threatens their business.'] ['Set in the Cuban community in Miami, the story revolves around the relationship between Nestor, a recently-released political prisoner, his wife Isabel, who had fled Cuba after Nestor was imprisoned, and Sam, the fisherman who had rescued Isabel from almost certain death at sea.'] ["In 1853, soldier-of-fortune William Walker  flees Mexico after a failed attempt to incite an armed insurrection. He is placed on trial by US officials, but wins acquittal on breaking the neutrality act. Walker believes in Manifest Destiny and has plans to marry and start a newspaper until his fianceé Ellen Martin  dies of cholera. Financed by American multimillionaire Cornelius Vanderbilt , Walker and 60 mercenaries embark on a mission to overthrow Nicaragua, to secure Vanderbilt's rights over an overland shipping route between the Atlantic and Pacific. Walker and his corps score a bloody victory in Nicaragua and when the capital falls, Walker allows the president to stay in charge, but takes his mistress, Doña Yrena . With increasing disruption in the country, Walker orders the president shot and assumes the presidency. From 1855 to 1857, his actions as president are manic and delusional with Walker antagonizing his financial backer, by revoking Vanderbilt's license to the overland trade route. Nicaragua and its neighbors unite to rid themselves of the unwelcome dictator and they drive the despot out. Eventually his further forays into Central America lead to his capture and execution."] ['When an unnamed president of the United States is caught in a closed room making advances on an underage "Firefly Girl"  less than two weeks before re-election, Conrad Brean , a top notch spin-doctor, is brought in to try to take the public attention away from the scandal. He decides to construct a fake war with Albania, hoping the media will concentrate on this instead. In order to come up with his \'war\', he contacts a Hollywood producer named Stanley Motss , who brings in a series of specialists who help construct a theme song, build up interest, and fake some footage of an orphan in Albania. The plan\'s setbacks, including an error that led to seizing a criminally insane Army prison convict  to be their "hero" who was "shot down behind enemy lines," do not disturb Motss, who repeatedly claims "this is nothing" while comparing the situation to past movie-making catastrophes he averted. In the end, with the election having taken place and the president re-elected, everything seems fine until Motss finds out from the news outlets that the media are crediting the president\'s win to his tired campaign slogan of "Don\'t change horses in mid stream" rather than Motss\'s elaborate plans. Motss announces that he will call the media to "set them straight," despite Brean\'s warning that he is "toying with his life." When Motss refuses to back down, Brean has him killed and makes it look as if he had a heart attack while tanning next to his pool. The film ends with a news report about a violent incident in Albania, but it is unclear whether this is a true event or simply a continuation of the fictional war.'] ['A clueless, aspiring criminal named John "Rugged" Rudgate  spends his days forging rebate coupons and selling speakers out the back of his van. One day, Rugged runs into an old acquaintance, the dim-witted Jeff Lagrand , who recently returned home to help his cynical sister run the storage facility that they inherited from their father. When Rugged tries to force his way into the Lagrand family business, things go terribly wrong—and the situation gets even more complicated when an emotionally unstable cop begins investigating.'] ["The War Within is the story of Hassan, a Pakistani engineering student in Paris who is apprehended by American intelligence services for suspected terrorist activities. After his interrogation, Hassan undergoes a radical transformation and embarks upon a terrorist mission, surreptitiously entering the United States to join a cell based in New York City. After meticulous planning for an event of maximum devastation, all the members of the cell are arrested, except for Hassan, Khalid and their cell leader Izzy. With no alternative and nowhere else to turn, Hassan must rely on the hospitality of his former best friend Sayeed, who is living the American dream with his family in New Jersey. Deciding to go forward and carry out his own attack, Hassan takes advantage of Sayeed's generosity while plotting his strategy and amassing materials to create explosives. Eventually, Hassan's skewed religious fervor clashes with his feelings for Sayeed and his family, especially Sayeed's young son Ali, Sayeed's eight-year-old daughter Rasheeda, and Sayeed's sister Duri, whom Hassan begins to fall in love with. When Izzy is arrested Khalid and Hassan decide to use the explosives in a suicide attack on Grand Central Station instead. Duri discovers Hassan mixing the explosives in her brother's house and when Sayeed tries to stop him he knocks him out and runs away. Duri follows Hassan in order to stop the attack. At the last minute, Khalid loses his nerve and Hassan goes to the target alone. Duri arrives at Grand Central Station just before Hassan detonates his explosive belt. After the attack, Sayeed is held by the police who believe that he helped Hassan."] ["The film opens to the sounds of a couple having sex. Afterwards, Carlos the Jackal  kills a spider in its web with his cigarette and evicts the woman  from his room because he claims he has work to do. He is seen donning a disguise, and he walks to a cafe where CIA officer Jack Shaw  is sitting at a table outdoors. He recognizes Shaw and asks for a light. Shaw does not recognize Carlos, because of his disguise, but he turns to watch Carlos enter the cafe. He watches as Carlos detonates a grenade, killing dozens of people. The film shows an event of attacking the OPEC meeting by the Jackal and his followers in 1975. In the present day a man, looking like Carlos, is apprehended in an open air market and brutally interrogated by a Mossad commander named Amos . The man claims to actually be a US Naval officer named Annibal Ramirez whose identification was lost in the chaos of his arrest. Amos confirms his identity and lets him go, stunned that Ramirez looks exactly like Carlos. Back at home, Ramirez is visited by Shaw who tries to recruit him to play Carlos' double. Ramirez is so embittered by his rough treatment in Amos' hands, that he insists he will sue and flatly rejects the idea of portraying Carlos. Shaw persists, wooing Ramirez on several occasions. He finally convinces Ramirez by showing him a child in a hospital who he claims is a victim of one of Carlos' bombings. Amos and Shaw train Ramirez at a former prison in Canada. Much of his training is devoted to situational awareness and internalizing details of Carlos' life. His training concludes with one of Carlos' ex-mistresses training Ramirez in how to make love like Carlos. The plan to catch Carlos revolves around convincing the KGB, which supports much of his terrorism, that he has begun to work with the CIA. The team lures one of Carlos' girlfriends to Libya, where Ramirez meets up with her, successfully posing as Carlos, even during their lovemaking. The girlfriend has become an informant for the French, however. Several French agents arrive at their apartment, and Ramirez is forced to kill them to survive. He is horrified at having to kill allies in his undercover operation. Carlos sends an assassin to kill the girlfriend in France, ordering him to leave Europe through London. The assassin happens to be in Heathrow airport at the same time as Ramirez, and he quickly realizes he is an impostor after Ramirez doesn't recognize him. The assassin forces Ramirez into a bathroom and a struggle ensues. Amos rushes in and manages to kill the assassin before being fatally shot. After Amos' death, the CIA shuts down the mission and Ramirez returns home. Back with his wife, he makes love to her as Carlos would, and she is disturbed by the change in his personality. The next day, at his son's little league game, he gets into a confrontation with another father and nearly kills him. Shaw bails him out of jail, and both men are clearly suffering deeply by not being able to finish their mission and kill Carlos. They head to East Berlin and conspicuously meet with each other. The KGB sees Ramirez meeting with Shaw and assumes Carlos has turned on them. They raid his safe house, but as they try to arrest them, he escapes. Shaw and Ramirez are waiting outside for him, and Ramirez fights Carlos on the bank of a river. It's impossible to tell which of the two is the real Carlos during the struggle. As one of the men is being held under water by the other, Shaw comes upon them and shoots the man above the water several times. He realizes that he has shot Ramirez, and Carlos swims away. Ramirez presses Shaw to leave him and chase Carlos, but Shaw insists that their plan has worked and Carlos is a marked man by the KGB. One way or another, Shaw points out that Carlos' days as a terrorist are over. After returning home, the Ramirez family is seen leaving for church. Their car explodes in a fireball. After their funeral, we find the deaths of Ramirez and his family were staged by Shaw, and in the final scene, the family are safely cavorting on a beach. Ramirez moves to kill a spider in its web with his cigarette, but appears to change his mind."] ['Inspired by a true story, this made-for-cable drama is set in 1965, not long after passage of the Civil Rights Act. To the African-American citizens of Bogalusa, LA, however, it is "business as usual"; they are still treated like third-class citizens, their fundamental rights as human beings persistently trampled by the white power structure, in general, and the local branch of the KKK, in particular. Like many of the local black men, war veteran Marcus  works in the town\'s mill for meager wages, and must endure the ongoing humiliation meted out by his white supervisors. But when he is beaten up by the police for the "outrage" of trying to defend his own daughter, Marcus is pushed too far. Encouraged by an idealistic white Northerner , Marcus organizes the Deacons, an all-black defense group dedicated to patrolling the black section of town and protecting its residents from the more violent aspects of "white backlash." Telecast during Black History Month, Deacons for Defense first aired over the Showtime cable network on February 16, 2003. ~ Hal Erickson, All Movie Guide'] ['The plot focuses on the protagonist, Shivaji Rao . He happens to be an ambitious TV cameraman, working for “Q TV” along with his friend Topi . While on the job, Rao records a conversation in which the Chief Minister Balraj Chauhan , takes an indifferent stand during riots triggered by a fight between some college students and bus drivers, so as not to lose his voter base. Due to police inaction, there is loss of life and damage to property. To explain his actions, Chauhan later agrees to a live interview with Shivaji, during the course of which Rao raises these issues and airs the Chief Minister\'s stand he had caught on tape. In response to Shivaji\'s allegations about the mismanagement by his government, Chauhan redirects the question by instead talking about how difficult his job is due to red tape and bureaucracy, and challenges Shivaji to be the CM for a day and experience those problems himself. Shivaji reluctantly accepts the challenge to prove Chuhan wrong. Educated and vigilant, Shivaji takes care of issues that affect the populace everyday, giving the slum their rightful apartments, getting jobs for the unemployed, suspending inefficient and corrupt government officers. He is assisted by the secretary, Bansal  who serves as a side kick. As the last act of the day, Rao gets Chauhan arrested as he is the root cause of all the corruption. Later, Chauhan bails out, and passes an ordinance to nullify all orders passed by Shivaji when he was the CM. Taking Shivaji\'s success as an insult, Chauhan sends hitmen to get him killed and destroys his house on false grounds. Meanwhile Shivaji falls in love with Manjali , a naive and carefree villager. When Rao asks her father  her hand in marriage, he refuses on grounds that Rao is not employed by the government. After his tenure as a one-day CM he starts preparing for the Indian Civil Service Examination to win Manjaris hand in marriage. However, Bansal shows up and tells him that Shivaji\'s popularity has rocketed sky-high and people want him to become the next CM of the state. He is reluctant at first, but when Chauhan\'s henchmen vandalize Q TV premises to intimidate him, and the people show their support by thronging to his place in huge numbers, he agrees to take part in the elections. In the ensuing state elections, he wins by a vast majority. But Manjali’s father, angered by Shivaji\'s decision, refuses to let his daughter marry him. Here, Chauhan’s political allies desert him causing his defeat. On becoming the chief minister, Shivaji brings about lots of improvements and quickly becomes an idol in the people’s eyes. However his growing popularity is threatened continuously by Chauhan who uses his henchmen to kill him or at least tarnish is image as a public hero. But Shivaji promptly answers by digging out all accusations against Chauhan and his allies. This, however, causes a reunion of Chauhan and his allies. After a failed attempt on Shivaji\'s life by hiring an assassin, a bomb is detonated at his home killing his parents. In the final attempt Chauhan orders his P.A. to destroy law and order and cause bomb explosions in various parts of the city. But a priest is able to overhear a few men planning to detonate bombs. He immediately notifies Shivaji\'s office via the "Complaint Box" department. Chauhan\'s P.A. is arrested and under tactical inquiry by Shivaji and his secretary, he discloses the location of the 4 bombs. A Bomb Squad is able to defuse 3 bombs, but the 4th one explodes before they could reach to it. Chauhan, however, uses this success against Shivaji by blaming the young CM for the bomb. Seeing no way out, Shivaji summons Chauhan to the secretariat and creates a situation such that it would seem as if Chauhan was there to shoot Shivaji but failed. Shivaji takes up a gun, but pointing it to his arm shoots himself, and then hands over the gun to Chauhan. Now getting to know that Shivaji had set a trap, an enraged Chauhan attempts to shoot Shivaji, but his shot misses. The security guards then shoot down Chauhan killing him. Shivaji, secretly tells Bansal the truth and says that "finally they have turned me into a politician too" but Bansal believes that Chauhan deserved death saying "he instituted politics for a long time for corruption and evil; you did it only once for good" . Manjali\'s father also comes to realize that Shivaji is in fact a great man who sees duty before everything else and allows Manjali to marry him. In the end, the city develops under the governance of Shivaji Rao and his colleagues. The complaint box, where people were supposed to fill in their complaints and information about various threats anonymously, is shown to be empty, signifying that the reasons to be afraid have been taken care of.'] ['Islam: What the West Needs to Know argues that Islam is a violent religion bent on world domination. The documentary uses passages from the canonical texts of Islam as its source material. It is presented in six parts: :1. There is no God but Allah and Muhammad is his Prophet: In the first part, various commentators argue that Islamic violence stems from the teachings and examples of Muhammad and that the Qur\'an prescribes and sanctions violence against non-Muslims. :2. The Struggle: In the second part, Walid Shoebat defines the word "Jihad" to mean the struggle to impose Allah\'s will over the earth, resulting in holy war against the non-Muslim world to bring it under the rule of Islam. :3. Expansion: In the third part, Bat Ye\'or describes the expansion of Islam through conquest and presents historical evidence of enslavement and massacres of Christians, Jews, Zoroastrians and Hindus by Muslim invaders. :4. War is Deceit: In the fourth part, Robert Spencer and Serge Trifkovic discuss the Islamic principle of Taqiyya, Islamic dissimulation, which, the lecturers argue, enjoins Muslims to deceive non-Muslims to advance the cause of Islam. :5. More than a Religion: In the fifth part, the documentary asserts that "Islamic law governs every aspect of religious, political, and personal action, which amounts to a form of totalitarianism that is divinely enjoined to dominate the world, analogous in many ways to Communism". :6. The House of War: The final part covers the division of the world into Dar al-Islam , the land governed by the Islamic law, and Dar al-Harb , the land of non-Muslims. According to the film, Muslims are enjoined to bring the Dar al-Harb under the control of Islam. The film argues, "Muslims in Western nations are called to subvert the secular regimes in which they now live in accordance with Allah\'s command."\'About the project\''] ['The core plot begins with the kidnapping of Patrick, the son of a wealthy industrialist. Sexual and romantic engtanglements push the drama forward. At the film\'s climax, Gudrun delivers a soliloquy on the importance of personal life in revolution. She puts particular emphasis on the breaking of heterosexual and possessive sexual norms, urging her comrades to join "The Homosexual Intifada". The pressure of Gudrun\'s controlling personality causes the group to break up. Most of the urban guerrillas escape into the night. In the dénouement, the characters are visited some time later. Several have found happiness in the homosexual relationships established during their revolutionary activities. Che has become a terrorist trainer in the Middle East. Patrick escapes with Clyde, where they embark on a spree of bank robberies. This action is reminiscent of Patty Hearst\'s actions with the SLA. Gudrun and Holger settle down and have a child named Ulrike , whom Gudrun believes could embody the next generation of the Red Army Faction.'] ["Pete St. John , a ruthless and highly successful media consultant, is juggling a couple of other political candidates when asked to join the campaign of wealthy but little-known Ohio businessman Jerome Cade , who hopes to win the Senate seat being vacated by St. John's friend Sam Hastings . He comes into conflict with Arnold Billing , a public relations expert whose firm Cade has hired. St. John's investigation into Cade's background prompts Billing to retaliate by bugging St. John's office phones, flooding the basement of his headquarters, tampering with his private jet, and interfering with his other clients. These actions force St. John to take a hard look at himself and what he has become and to decide whether his ex-wife Ellen Freeman  and his former partner Wilfred Buckley  are right in believing that his success is due primarily to the exploitation of others."] ['In early 20th century New York, Father, Mother and Younger Brother reside in a house in New Rochelle. Younger Brother becomes smitten with coquettish showgirl Evelyn Nesbit, whose wealthy husband, Harry Kendall Thaw, murders architect Stanford White in a jealous rage. An abandoned baby is found by Mother in her garden. She takes it into her home, and eventually the baby\'s mother, Sarah, to work for the family as well. A ragtime musician, Coalhouse Walker Jr., has become prosperous with his expertise at the piano. He is the baby\'s father and drives in his new Model T to the New Rochelle home, presenting himself to Father with a desire to marry Sarah. Outside their firehouse, a group of bigots headed by fire chief, Willie Conklin, refuse to let Walker\'s automobile pass. After he leaves to find a policeman, Walker returns to find his car damaged and defecated in. His objections result in the law placing him under arrest, rather than Conklin and the firemen. Walker wishes to sue, but can find no lawyer willing to represent him. He decides to exact revenge by planting a bomb in the firehouse. He then does the same in the J.P. Morgan Library, assisted by a group of disguised followers that include Younger Brother. He demands that the Model T and the fire chief, Conklin, be delivered to him or the library will be destroyed. Booker T. Washington fails to persuade Walker to surrender, as does Father in a visit to the library. Conklin is summoned by Police Commissioner Rheinlander Waldo, who cites the fire chief\'s reputation as "a piece of slime" yet cannot submit to Walker\'s terrorist demands. Walker ultimately agrees to give up if Waldo will first permit the other men to safely depart. They do, but when Walker surrenders, he is shot.'] ['Gustad Noble  is a Parsi bank clerk who lives with his family in Bombay  just before the Indo-Pakistani War of 1971. At first he seems to be a self-centred, self-involved neurotic man who is so tied up in his own pain for perceived slights both past and present that he cannot seem to connect with either friends or family. He is haunted by memories of a privileged youth and his father\'s fortune, lost to the machinations of a scheming, unscrupulous uncle. He is baffled by the changes wrought in his eldest son, Sohrab , who is having a difficult coming of age. A childhood friend, Jimmy Bilimoria , has become a swashbuckling, swaggering member of the military. At the beginning of the movie, Major Jimmy has abandoned a lifelong friendship with Gustad without warning or explanation, and Gustad is angry and resentful over the desertion. Soon the Major contacts Gustad, ostensibly to restore their friendship, but in actuality he uses their past acquaintance to impose on Gustad for help in a clandestine plan to put money into the hands of rebels in East Pakistan  When Gustad has second thoughts and tries to back out of the plan, the family cat is killed in a gruesome way and left for Gustad to find with a threatening note attached. During a chance conversation with a street artist, Gustad encourages him to bring his art to the eyesore of a wall in front of his house, which he feels will give the artist\'s work a permanence which he cannot achieve by painting and repainting the public sidewalk where he has been working up to now. The artist is at first dismissive of the idea, stating that impermanence is the way of the world, but eventually comes to begin his work there. Desperate to protect his family from the Major\'s threats, Gustad seeks help from a friend at the bank, Dinshawji , a bumbling, foolish man who nevertheless shows his great heart in his simple faith in his friend, even when things go badly wrong and both are put in danger by Jimmy\'s shadowy machinations and his eventual incarceration by the government. Wracked by guilt and caught between their fear of being caught by the government and the fear of retaliation by the Major\'s thuggish, and often invisible, associates, Gustad and Dinshawji forge ahead with trepidation to implement the Major\'s money-laundering plan. In fear of discovery, Gustad is driven to admonish Dinshawji about his buffoonish and lewd behaviour around one of the bank secretaries, and indeed around most of the other employees in general. They decide that in order to cover up the real reason for Dinshawja\'s changed behaviour, which both men fear would draw as much or more attention than his usual buffoonery, they will explain the new quieter Dinshawja by spreading a rumour that he has fallen ill. Later, Gustad will realize this was inadvertently prophetic, and he is stricken by guilt over the idea that the stress of their undertaking may have led to the actual collapse of Dinshawja\'s health. Gustad\'s youngest child, his daughter, Roshan, is stricken by malaria. Between this incident and the estrangement that leads their oldest son to argue with his father and leave home, Gustad\'s wife, Dilnavaz , is convinced by a neighbour that her family is under a curse of black magic and, despite her qualms, begins a ritual to transfer the bad luck to the simpleton Tehmul, played to devastating effect by Kurush Deboo. Gustad and Dilnavaz go to a Parsi temple, where Gustad makes a simple, heartfelt prayer for the recovery of his daughter; for the health of his friend, Dinshawja, and for the return of his son to the family; at the end, he says, "and don\'t worry about my hip, it\'s not that important." . Government officials take Major Jimmy into custody when they discover his plot to divert government funds to the resistance movement in Pakistan. Broken by torture, Major Jimmy asks for Gustad\'s forgiveness from his deathbed in a hospital jail. Gustad struggles with his feelings over the Major\'s initial abandonment of their friendship, then his imposition on that friendship that put his family and friends in danger, understanding at the end just how much Major Jimmy sacrificed to hide Gustad\'s inadvertent and eventually forced involvement in the Major\'s plot. Shortly thereafter, the war between Pakistan and India erupts. When Gustad patrols the building where he rents a room during an air raid to make sure all the lights are off, he catches the simpleton, Tehmul, making love to a large bride doll stolen from Gustad\'s daughter. At first recoiling from what he sees as an act of perversion, Gustad recognizes the terrible loneliness of the simpleton and his initial anger and disgust is quickly tempered by a compassion of which he most likely would have been incapable at the beginning of the movie. Meanwhile, the wall outside his home has been transformed from a trash clogged public urinal to a beautiful mural, which the local residents treat as a holy shrine. When municipal work crews show up to break the wall down, acting on orders issued years ago to remove it as a public nuisance, a riot breaks out, resulting in the death of the simpleton Temuhl. In the wake of this tragic death, Gustad experiences a moment of clarity and openness that leads him to step out of his preoccupation with the perception of his own pain and truly experience the fullness of his compassion for others. Gustad moves through the kaleidoscope of his troubled life at first as if a helpless victim, a mere spectator, anxious and overwrought at the chaos around him, clearly feeling isolated and that his life is spinning out of control. His disconnection and alienation is underscored by the way events are presented, strung like pearls as if they are discrete events which are whole in and of themselves, even though at the root they are all connected and as much a part of Gustad as he is of them. His transformation is subtle, but steady, until by the end of the movie, events that would have destroyed the man he was are surmounted and accepted by the man he has become. He has, perhaps unknowingly, internalized and accepted an observation made by the artist, that many of mankind\'s troubles arise from our attempts to deny the fact of the impermanent nature of the universe and to impose our ideas of permanence in its place. Gustad bids farewell to the artist as he nonchalantly walks off into the busy street while municipal workers tear down the painted wall.'] ["At the end of The English Civil War, Sir Thomas Fairfax  celebrates the Parliamentarian victory over the royalist Cavaliers with his colleague and fellow commander, Oliver Cromwell . Meanwhile, King Charles I , who has been captured and is held prisoner by the victors, tries to appeal to Fairfax's wife, Lady Anne . Soon, the trial of the king takes place, and Cromwell & Fairfax disagree over what to do, and from there, tensions rise."] ['The film dissects the aftermath of the Rodney King verdict and the ensuing riots through four narratives. A Chinese liquor store owner tries to come to an understanding with his assimilating teenage son who sees his father\'s old world ways and non-aggressive Buddhism as signs of weakness. A Chicano teenager tries to live a straight life and do well in school so he will not make the same mistakes his older brother had made, and be able to provide as best he can for his current and future family. A white LAPD officer struggles with obligations from his new girlfriend and not-quite-ex-wife, while confronting a surprisingly gung ho attitude from his fellow officers. An African American middle class man who has recently moved his new family out of "the ghetto", visits the store his father used to own in the old neighborhood and seeks to give some good news to his mother who has vivid memories from living through the Watts riots less than thirty years prior. These four stories are nominally separate vignettes, but interact with each other throughout the film.'] ['La Primera Noche tells the story of a pair of farmers who have been displaced from their territory - a place isolated from this world, in which they have lived their childhood and their youth - and have been brutally sent to face the streets of an unknown city, enormous and ruthless. The conflicts of this country condemns Toño  and Paulina , the protagonists, to the exile, but they live another drama that torments them. The suffering, the disappointment, the loving disappointment nests in their interior. Each of them feels lonely, incapable of assuming the pain of the other, and much less to see themselves as part of a couple. Their passion could open the door than no one will, but Toño and Paulina find in love the force that repels them and that does not help them survive.'] ['Ellen, a professor of French literature at Wellesley College in Boston, Brenda, a stay-at-home wife from Savannah, Georgia; and Sue, a factory worker from Québec, Canada, feel lonely and ignored by middle-aged men back at home. They travel to Haiti to enjoy a holiday of sun, surf, and sex with attractive local teenagers to whom they are financially generous.'] ['Specialist Ray Elwood  is an American soldier stationed in Germany in 1989. Bored with the lack of a war, he instead devotes his attention to black market deals, as well as cooking heroin for a gang of drug-dealing Military Police led by the psychotic Sergeant Saad. As a supply specialist, Elwood poses as a model soldier and friendly confidant to his incompetent commanding officer, Colonel Berman , who gives Elwood the opportunity to turn Army protocol to his advantage. Berman has no idea what supplies his subordinate is requisitioning or that Elwood is sleeping with his wife . Elwood\'s company then gets a new First Sergeant, Robert E. Lee . This new Top is both menacing and savvy, quickly assessing that soldiers like Elwood are on engaged in graft. Meanwhile a tank crew, under the influence of Elwood\'s heroin, kill two soldiers in charge of a weapons convoy by crashing through a gas station. Elwood happens upon the cache and steals it, hiding the trucks in a missile base. Lee confronts Elwood about his abuses, and when Elwood tries to bribe him, Lee revokes all of Elwood\'s privileges, destroys much of his property, and makes him share his room with a new, naive and deeply honest soldier, Pvt. Knoll , who doesn\'t fit well with Elwood\'s lifestyle. To get back at Lee, Elwood pursues the sergeant\'s daughter, Robyn , taking her out for the night and then deliberately having sex with her in his car outside her house, which Lee sees from his window. Though thinking he has won, the next morning Elwood finds his squad are doing weapons training, with Elwood\'s car used as target practice. Lee then leaves a hand grenade trap in a locker some soldiers have been using to hide heroin. The grenade explodes and kills one of Elwood\'s friends. Elwood sells his hidden cache of weapons to a Turkish dealer nicknamed "The Turk"  who will only exchange them for a massive amount of opium. Elwood reluctantly accepts and plans to cook it into heroin. However, a fight between Saad and Knoll occurs, and Elwood is forced to save Knoll and recruit the pair as assistants into his plan to cook the opium. In order to have time to trade the weapons from the missile base and collect the drugs, Elwood sells out Colonel Berman, who is on an army exercise against another regiment. His unit\'s failure as part of the test ultimately leads to the colonel\'s dismissal. Berman, unaware that he has been betrayed, reflects ironically on this turn of events with Elwood. While the opium is being cooked, Elwood sneaks to the base swimming pool to meet Robyn. Knoll then appears with Sgt Lee. Here it is revealed Knoll is actually a 2nd Lieutenant from the Inspector General\'s Office disguised as a junior soldier in order to investigate Elwood. Knoll puts Robyn in a car while Lee beats up Elwood. However, Robyn tells Knoll that her dad is going to kill Elwood, something Knoll - as an honest officer - cannot allow. Meanwhile commandos reporting to Knoll attempt to arrest Elwood\'s partners, but Saad, intoxicated by opium fumes, provokes a bloody gunfight that kills many of the fighters. Lee attempts to kill Elwood by throwing him out of a window but Knoll holds him at gunpoint. The building explodes from a gas explosion in the basement, caused by burning morphine and the firefight. Elwood wraps his handcuffs around Lee\'s neck and draws him out the window as Knoll is engulfed in flames. Elwood survives by landing on Lee. The film concludes with heavy irony. The US Army decorates Elwood with medals  and transfers him to Hawaii, where his new CO is just as naive as Col. Berman. Elwood states that Robyn remains his sweetheart and that she will be visiting soon. The film ends with Elwood requesting excessive supplies, implying that he plans to sell them on the black market again.'] ['Set in 1939 Hamburg, Peter Müller and Thomas Berger join their friends  at the Bismarck, a swing club. They have a good time, dancing and enjoying the music. Leaving the club, Arvid  can barely keep up as the other boys run off. After he catches up, they laughingly stop to urinate on Nazi propaganda posters. As they head home they see a man being chased by the Gestapo and are only mildly shocked, even when he jumps off a bridge and is shot in the river. Peter goes home to find his mother, Frau Müller, in an argument with a Nazi officer. Herr Knopp  arrives and curtly dismisses the officer. Knopp questions Frau Müller about some of her late husband\'s friends; Herr Müller had been accused of being a communist, and was irreparably damaged by an interrogation at the hands of Nazi agents. Peter never understood what happened to his father, and evades his younger brother Willi\'s attempts to question him on it. When Peter and Thomas visit Arvid, Thomas accidentally scratches one of Arvid\'s records; Arvid flies into a rage, and Thomas suggests that he and Peter leave so Arvid can "jack off to his records". To apologize to Arvid, Peter and Thomas steal a radio  from a bakery. Thomas escapes, but Peter is caught. Herr Knopp  intercedes for him; in return, Peter must enroll in the Hitlerjugend . On Peter\'s first day at HJ school, he finds Thomas wearing the HJ uniform and a broad smile; the fun-loving Thomas notes that it is the perfect cover: "HJs by day, swing kids by night!" When Arvid is walking home one day he is confronted by HJs who take a Benny Goodman record from him, smash it and beat him up. Emil  deliberately stamps on Arvid\'s fingers, damaging them severely. Arvid wakes up in the hospital, terrified by HJ uniforms until he realizes it is only Peter and Thomas. He eventually cheers up, noting that he can learn to play with two fingers. During a Boxing class at HJ school, Thomas challenges Emil. When Thomas is defeated, he refuses to give up, becoming more aggressive. Thomas accuses Emil of selling out to the Nazis, to which Emil replies, "I wised up." Emil and Thomas reconcile as Thomas, seduced by the power and the perks, begins to buy into the Nazi philosophy. Peter  is asked to spy on his boss, whom the Nazis suspect is working against the Reich. He peeks into a book he is delivering to Frau Linge , discovers incriminating papers hidden inside and becomes even more fearful of the Nazis. Arvid  refuses to play a German song, lashing out at the club\'s patrons for being blind to the Nazi agenda. Peter is sympathetic; Thomas, however, loudly argues the Nazi side, saying Arvid should watch out because "we\'re coming for you next" . Shocked and angry, Peter shouts "You\'re turning into a Nazi!"; Thomas bluntly responds, "So what if I am?". Arvid realizes that there is no future for him in Germany, and no hope of escape. He goes home and commits suicide in the bathtub, slitting his wrists with a broken record. In HJ school, the boys are encouraged to spy on their friends and families. Thomas  accuses his father of insulting Hitler, hoping to cause trouble for him. He is unnerved, however, when the Nazis come to his home and take his father away; his subsequent attempts to resume his friendship with Peter and persuade him to collaborate with the Nazis are tinged with fear. Peter is sent by the HJ leaders to deliver identical small packages to three different families. Hearing screams from the second house as he walks away he opens the third one, finding ashes and a wedding ring inside. Horrified, he runs to Frau Linge. She gives him a letter his father wrote to her husband about the anti-Nazi work he did, and Peter finally understands what really happened to his father. Abandoning his HJ uniform, Peter wears his most fashionable clothes to a club he knows is slated for attack. Thomas finds him, begins beating him and suddenly comes to his senses, begging Peter to run: "They won\'t let it go this time!" but Peter, almost willingly, boards the truck taking him  to a labor camp. Thomas calls to him, "Swing Heil!"; Willi  defiantly shouts the phrase through his tears.'] ['Bim/Bheem Singh, an Indian boy living in Trinidad, is sent to live with his aunt after his father, a trade union leader for sugar-cane workers, is shot to death during a wedding. At his new school, Bim is isolated and picked on by the black students because of his "coolie"  heritage. As tension builds during his very first day he is forced to stab one of the students as a means of defence to make it home alive. This incident gets Bim kicked out of school and his aunt\'s home and he is forced to live a life of violence and crime to survive. As Bim matures and becomes older, he moves from crime to crime, until involved by implication in a murder he flees back to his home place, the sugar cane belt. Approaching one of his father\'s old friends, he is able to take revenge on his father\'s killers and rise to prominence as a trade union representative for the Indian sugar-cane workers. During this time, tension is rife in the country because the previous colonial regime is rumoured to be coming to an end. This causes resentment among the Indians as they feel that once the "blacks" have power they will be worse than the colonials were to the Indians. Bim\'s swift rise to power is tempered by loneliness and drunkenness. When he is invited to the Governor General\'s house  and is approached by the black political leader. He rejects both the black leader and the people to stagger outside. Then he ends his political and personal life in a dramatic way by killing some men who kidnapped his then girlfriend/helper Anna in a drunken power-drunk rage, ending the film in a scream.'] ['Wealthy ad man Eddie Anderson is suicidal, contemptuous of life and its "arrangements." His long marriage to Florence is now devoid of passion, and he has become the lover of Gwen, a research assistant at his Los Angeles advertising agency. A psychiatrist, Dr. Leibman, listens to stories of Eddie\'s nightmares and general discontent with life. Eddie returns to work, where he insults a valued client. He pilots a small plane about L.A. and buzzes its skyscrapers recklessly, causing the police to be called. Arthur, his lawyer, gives wife Florence power of attorney as Eddie travels to New York to visit his ill father. Sam is so sick that Eddie\'s brother and sister-in-law want him placed in an institution. Gwen is also in New York now, living with a man named Charles and telling Eddie of many other affairs that she has had. Florence and sister-in-law Gloria break in and catch him in bed with Gwen. A furious Eddie sets fire to the house and comes to Gwen\'s apartment, where Charles shoots him. In the end, at his father\'s funeral, Eddie\'s life is empty; he tells Gwen "I love you" and she says "Thank you".'] ['The film follows a young American named David, who comes to Israel to study and finds an Arab friend who legally lives there. Before long he finds himself involved with others and finds not all in Israel is as it appears. The action takes place before the 1967 Six Day War.'] ["The story tells of a North Korean father and husband who decides to illegally cross into China to buy medicine for his pregnant wife who is suffering from tuberculosis. However, once he crosses into China, he realises that it's not as easy as he thought. He finds himself working as an illegal immigrant under the constant threat of being captured by the Chinese authorities and deported back to North Korea. He eventually finds his way to South Korea by entering the embassy in China. Meanwhile, his wife has already died, leaving their son homeless and wandering around trying to find a way back to his father. Scenes switch between those of the father who is outside North Korea trying to find medicine, and those of the son, who ends up homeless and tries to defect also."] ['The central character of the film is Harry Melchior, played by Heino Ferch and based on the real tunneler, Hasso Herschel. Despite being imprisoned for several years for his role in the June 1953 uprising in East Germany, Melchior competes for and wins the national swimming championship in 1961. With the aid of a false passport and disguise, Harry succeeds in fleeing to West Berlin. His best friend, Matthis  manages to escape through the underground sewer, but Matthis\'s pregnant wife Carola  was not so lucky and remained in East Berlin. Harry\'s beloved sister, Lotte  and her husband and daughter are ambivalent about leaving the confines of the GDR. Committed to getting their loved ones out of the GDR but knowing that ground routes are heavily guarded, Harry and Matthis have the idea of going underground. Matthis is an engineer by training. They link up with a small circle of others, initially Vittorio \'Vic\' Constanza  and Fred van Klausnitz . They find an unused factory building close to the Wall that has ample underground space. They are eventually joined by Fritzi Scholz , whose fiancé Heiner  is also trapped in the east. The work is slow, hard and sometimes dangerous, and the group reluctantly agrees to take in several more helpers. Over a span of months, the tunnel takes shape following Matthis\' design with the necessary shoring, lights and even a railbed. Discovering a film crew from NBC in the city one day, the leaders convince the network to fund their efforts in exchange for exclusive footage of the digging and eventual escape. In the meantime, communication with the would-be rescuees in the east is necessary but hazardous. Vic, an American citizen, can pass through the border freely. He is in contact with Lotte and with Carola. The latter, however, has been blackmailed by the Stasi to inform; if she does not cooperate, the state will take her soon-to-be-born baby. Carola informs on Vic and he is detained when trying to cross back to West Berlin. He is released after a while but cannot go back to the east. Fritzi\'s love, Heiner, makes a futile attempt to cross the barb-wire and walls, but is shot by the border police  and left to die in a scene mirroring the true case of Peter Fechter. Overseeing the efforts to thwart tunnelers and other efforts at "illegal emigration" is Colonel Krüger . Finally the pieces are all in place for the planned escape of about 30 people. Word is spread by surreptitious means, though the Stasi are watching closely. They go to the home of Fred\'s widowed mother to take her into custody, but she takes her own life first. Carola has admitted to Lotte that she has been an informant but swears she can now be trusted. In a ruse that means leaving her baby with Lotte\'s family, she leads her Stasi tail to a remote location far from the actual escape site. Fritzi has crossed the border with a fake passport and Harry has entered through the tunnel. Surprising a border guard, Harry takes his uniform, steel helmet and gun, and blends into the troops swarming through the area. The would-be escapees gather in a café across from the building where the tunnel ends, and Fritzi gradually escorts them over. Tense moments ensue as Colonel Krüger closes in, and pursues the escapees through the tunnel. A sign has been erected marking the boundary of the French sector of West Berlin, and they have the political sense to know they can go no further.'] ['Karma, a young Tibetan woman from New York City comes to Dharamsala, the exile headquarters of the Dalai Lama in India, in search of her roots. She is making a documentary film about former political prisoners who have escaped from Tibet. One of her interviewees is the recently arrived Dhondup. He reveals to her that his dying mother had made him promise to deliver an old charm box to an exile Tibetan named Loga, and appeals to her for help in locating the man. Their enquiries reveal that Loga, a former CIA-trained resistance fighter, has been missing for the past fifteen years and is presumed to be dead. But is he really dead? As they set out to unravel the mysterious circumstances of his disappearance, Karma finds herself unwittingly attracted to Dhondup even as she is sucked into the vortex of his search, which takes them through the world of the exile Tibetan community in India and becomes a journey of self-discovery.'] ["“The Plot to Kill Hitler” is a historical re-creation of the 1944 attempt by several German High Command officers to assassinate Adolf Hitler and take control of the German government, with the ultimate intention of surrendering their country to the Allies. Led by Army Colonel Claus von Stauffenberg, this group of dedicated officers managed to plant a bomb, hidden in Stauffenberg's briefcase, in Hitler’s battlefield headquarters. By sheer luck, Hitler survived the blast and the SS quickly arrested and executed most of those involved. The film is historically inaccurate in one aspect&mdash;Hitler's involvement in astrology. One scene has him looking over astrological charts, which some people believe about the Nazi leader. Most historians, however, regard this as false.{{Citation needed}}"] ['The film begins in a meeting on August 2002 where a social activist, Simon Petrov, is reading the sentence dictated by the Inter-American Court of Human Rights ordering the Venezuelan state to compensate to the relatives of the victims of the 27 February 1989 riots. The people at that meeting began to tell and remember the tragic moments of that event.'] ["The year is 1918, and Max Rothman , a fictional Munich art dealer, is a veteran of the Third Battle of Ypres, where he lost his right arm during the latter stages of World War I effectively ending his career as a painter. He returns to Germany to attempt to capture the essence of war through art by opening a modern art gallery. He is married to Nina , but also has a mistress, Liselore von Peltz . Through a chance encounter, Rothman is approached by a young Adolf Hitler , a war veteran as well, disgruntled over Germany's loss during the conflict and the country's humiliation by the signing of the Versailles Treaty; Hitler wishes to have his artwork drawings displayed. Rothman comes to believe that Hitler has talent, but has failed to tap his inner potential to create great art. While he is aware of Hitler's anti-semitism, Rothman still encourages him to delve deeper in his art, as they both develop a friendship based on their common experiences fighting in the war. Rothman also understands how Hitler had nothing to come home to after the war. Despite his overall doubts about Hitler, Rothman agrees to take some of his paintings under a contractual basis. As these events unfold, Hitler is being urged by Captain Karl Mayr , a Reichswehr officer, to go into politics and make a career out of anti-semitic propaganda. During a brief conversation in an army barracks, Mayr also offers to financially support him by having the army pay for his expenses, further enticing Hitler to join his national socialist movement, the German Workers' Party. Later, Rothman begins to question Hitler's motives regarding his racial views. In an exchange of words, Hitler denies being anti-semitic and replies that on the contrary, he grudgingly admires the Jews and firmly believes the secret to their elite status in society is in the purity of their blood. He goes on to state that the German people would be of equal calibre and better off if they did not integrate themselves with different races. After making a violently anti-semitic speech to a group of supporters at a rally—with Mayr's backing—Hitler goes to a cafe to discuss a series of new militaristic drawings with Rothman. As Rothman approaches the cafe for his interview with Hitler, he is savagely beaten by a group of anti-semites, who had ironically attended Hitler's rally. As Rothman lays dying, Hitler leaves the cafe, believing that Rothman has stood him up. He has now chosen politics over art, and so history will take its course."] ['Respected liberal Senator Joe Tynan is asked to lead the opposition to a Supreme Court appointment and he finds himself struggling with his own morality and the corruption surrounding him. He falls for a lovely lady attorney and has an affair that jeopardizes his marriage, and possibly, his career.'] ['Return to Paradise begins with a silent montage of a fun holiday in a Malaysian paradise showing the three main male characters in the movie having a great time. The opening scenes of the movie remain in Malaysia with a series of pulsating events providing the men with a myriad of adventures, including a scene when the young men are almost run over by a car while riding a bicycle and another when they are pressured into buying some rhinoceros horn from Malaysian locals. Eventually, the three men, Lewis McBride , Sheriff  and Tony  wind up at their beach front house on the ocean pondering their future in the island paradise. Tony and Sheriff decide to return to New York, while Lewis, being a "greeny", wishes to travel to Borneo to save endangered orangutans. Back in New York, Sheriff is working as a limo driver and Tony as an architect. A young lawyer named Beth  informs them that their friend Lewis has served the last two years in Penang prison in Malaysia, because of the hash found at their Malaysian house. She reveals that he will receive the death sentence unless one or both of the men return to share responsibility. Beth assures both of the men that they will not suffer in the prison, be tortured nor harmed in any way. After a grueling eight days, during which they must make a decision, and a heated love affair between Beth and Sheriff, both men decide to return to Malaysia. Upon their arrival, all seems well until they visit the prison to see Lewis. Lewis appears to have suffered psychological damage from the harsh imprisonment, although it is reported that he has not been tortured or starved as is the case with other prisoners. Beth subsequently reveals that she is Lewis\' sister. Her lie makes Tony fearful of the Malaysian justice system and he abandons Lewis and flies back to the US. Sheriff follows Tony, but decides to face jail to save his friend and returns to the courtroom in which Lewis is being tried. The judge  seems heartened by this act of courage and bravery, until he discovers a news clipping from an American newspaper blaming the Malaysian justice system and condemning them for their harsh sentencing of Lewis. Because of this, the judge becomes infuriated and gives Lewis a death sentence, despite Sheriff\'s decision to accept his share of the responsibility. He also gives Sheriff an unknown period of jail time. As a noose is tied around Lewis\' neck for his execution, Sheriff attempts to comfort him. Lewis is then dropped from the platform and killed. Sheriff later assures Beth that Lewis, who had emotionally deteriorated as though a fearful animal, at the last moment seemed to die at peace. Beth becomes emotional and kisses Sheriff as a sign of their love and connection. She tells him that the attorney general has said that Malaysian government will quietly release him within six months, once the media attention dies down, to save face. As the guard takes Sheriff out, she tells him, she will wait in Malaysia until he is released.'] ['Eli Wurman  is a Jewish publicist on the out, but all he knows is how to hustle and cajole, threaten and persuade. The hazy mania of his everyday life is fuelled by a steady stream of prescription drugs and alcohol. One night, Eli\'s last remaining "big client" Cary Launer  -- an actor considering a campaign for political office -- entreats Eli to take care of his latest publicity mess, a dangerous liaison with Jilli Hopper , a hard-shelled, quick-tongued television actress with a soft centre and a taste for illegal drugs. The actress takes Eli to a drug-and-sex den, a playground for the rich and famous, where she claims to be looking for a toy. Jilli is escorted off the premises by security. As she demands to know "Where is my toy?", she finds it and tells the guards, "I got all of you now." Eli is too stoned to understand the exchange. Eli takes her back to the hotel room, where he takes more pills and passes out right after witnessing what appears to be the actress\'s murder. In his opiate daze, he cannot be sure. By the next morning, the memory is buried. Eli needs to pull together a charity benefit. He also is tempted to leave New York for good with his former sister-in-law, Victoria. But his work is interrupted by the police who question him and by acquaintances trying to ascertain how much Eli has seen and recalls. Eli finally realizes he is involved in something politically dangerous, and powerful forces are at play to keep his mouth shut. As he strives to bring together the people he knows—members of the Black and Jewish communities, film stars and media—for the grand fundraiser, it becomes clear that dangerous forces are in play. But will the increasingly befuddled Eli be able to stay ahead of the game? Will he exploit the secret and continue his downward spiral into decadence or will he use the opportunity to change?'] ["Widmark plays Skip McCoy, an insolent pickpocket who steals the wallet of Candy . Unbeknownst to Skip or Candy, the wallet contains a microfilm of top-secret government information. Candy was delivering an envelope as a final favor to her ex-boyfriend, Joey. But Candy didn't know the envelope's content, nor did she know that Joey was a Communist spy. Joey's espionage had been under Federal investigation for months. Skip is soon the subject of a manhunt: wanted by police, federal agents, and by Candy and Joey. Candy attempts to seduce Skip, but he turns her down. But when Skip discovers the importance of the microfilm, he rejects the cops' appeals to patriotism and instead offers the microfilm to whoever can deliver $25,000. After Candy realizes that Skip had set her up, she changes sides in the scheme and confesses her love for Skip. A Communist agent interrogates Moe . Skip's only real friend, she refuses to rat him out. The agent kills her in cold blood, and Skip vows revenge. The agent, Joey, then confronts Candy in her apartment. She has obtained 4 of the 5 film slides from Skip, but refuses to tell Joey where the last is, and he shoots her. The cops then arrive and try to arrest Joey, who escapes and chases after Skip. He runs into Skip on the subway where the two engage in a climatic battle that ends with Skip beating Joey to death. Thanking him for his help, the police wipe Skip's record, and he finally leaves with a recovered Candy hoping to start a new life."] ["{{plot}} The movie opens with Peter Burton  and his best friend Tim Garrity  nervously awaiting the results of Peter's congressional election. The two men met seven years earlier after getting into a fistfight over a fender bender in the parking lot at law school. After discovering that they are to be roommates, the men become close friends. Tim, who comes from an affluent family, plans a career with the Department of Justice, a fact that doesn't sit well with his girlfriend, Diana , the daughter of Senator Stiles . The couple end their relationship before Tim has a chance to propose. Peter, who is embarrassed by his lower-class roots, plans a career in politics, eventually manipulating his way into a job on a congressman's campaign staff. The friendship between the two men is severely tested when Peter confesses to Tim during a ski vacation that he and Diana have been carrying on an affair behind Tim's back. He adds that he plans to ask Diana to marry him. Tim, angry at the betrayal, speeds off down a hazardous ski trail. The less experienced Peter follows him down. There's a steep cliff at the end. Peter doesn't hear Tim's belated warnings in time, hurdles down to the bottom breaking his leg and cracking two ribs. Tim forgives Peter and even agrees to be the best man at Peter and Diana's wedding. Shortly after marrying Diana, Peter falls under the influence of John Palmieri , who has ties to organized crime and political corruption. He bribes Peter into going along with an influence peddling scheme. Meanwhile, things have begun to spiral out of control in Peter's extended family. Earlier in the film, Stiles is diagnosed with early onset Alzheimer's disease, something that will end his political career. Peter seizes the opportunity to manipulate his father-in-law into supporting his run for Congress. When the older man refuses, Peter threatens to leak news of the illness to the press. The senator reluctantly acquiesces, but promises Peter that he will eventually get caught. Tim, who by this time has risen through the ranks of the Department of Justice, launches an investigation into political corruption that will eventually lead back to Palmieri. When Palmieri discovers Peter's ties to Tim, he bullies Peter into setting Tim up by putting him in touch with a bogus tipster. Tim runs with the false information, creating a public embarrassment for the DOJ and compromising the investigation. Tim is suspended, and Peter hires him to work for him on his upcoming campaign. Stiles reveals the conversation that he had with Peter to Diana and she decides to divorce Peter. Shortly thereafter, Tim discovers Peter's role in getting him suspended from his job. Tim, still upset with Peter's attempt to blackmail Stiles, volunteers to help the DOJ work to bring Peter down. Tim works diligently to gather evidence of Peter's dealings with Palmieri. After compiling as much evidence as he possibly can, he convinces his superiors at the DOJ to set up surveillance in a hotel room. After Peter wins the election, Tim gets Peter into the hotel room upstairs and to own up to everything on camera. Peter becomes suspicious shortly thereafter; Tim reveals the presence of the surveillance camera. He also tells Peter that Palmieri is being arraigned at that very moment. Peter viciously attacks Tim. When the fighting subsides and the two calm down, Tim tells Peter he has brought his ruin upon himself. After Peter gives his victory speech, he is arrested and charged with political corruption. The movie ends a few months later when Peter drops by Tim's apartment to drop off a bottle of champagne. Peter reveals that he will not be sworn into office, and that he has been offered immunity in exchange for testimony against Palmieri. Tim then tells Peter that he will be forced to testify against him if he does not accept the plea deal. The two have a reconciliation of sorts and go their separate ways."] ['Terroll Lessor, a computer genius in an unpleasant job, decides to use his skills against reprehensible parts of society. Along with his girlfriend, played by Ali Larter, he gains embarrassing information on people whom he believes to be immoral and exposes this information to the public. This garners the attention of police and people who wish him harm, and results in copy-cat crimes by others who admire him.'] ['The film is semi-biographical, documenting the life of a young woman who uses sex as a weapon to influence right-wing individuals and conservative Muslims. Baya Benmahmoud , a young left-wing activist, sleeps with her political opponents in order to manipulate them to her cause until she finds her match in Arthur Martin .'] ["The film is set in the late 1970s in Wielice, People's Republic of Poland. Factory worker Filip Mosz  is a nervous new father and a doting husband when he begins filming his daughter's first days with a newly acquired 8mm movie camera. He believes, as he tells his wife, that he now has everything he ever wanted since his youth as an orphan, but when the local Communist Party boss asks him to film an upcoming jubilee celebration of his plant, his fascination with the possibilities of film begins to transform his life. When they see his edited short film of the conference/celebration, his superiors find his shot of a pigeon useless and his shots of several negotiators at a business meeting too probing. His boss suggests that Filip cut the shots of the entertainers being paid, the men going to the bathroom, and the business meeting.  He submits the film to a festival in another town, and gains second prize. No, first prize is awarded because the committee feels that the work was not good enough, even Filip's work, however, he is given an award as an incentive to keep filming. His responsibilities to his wife and daughter slip off his radar as his gaze fixes on Anna Wlodarczyk , various activities he films, and the world of cinephiles. The Kraków TV station airs Filip's film about a little person  who works at the factory and another one about the misallocated town renovation funds. Filip's boss gives him a talking: work on the new nursery school will have to stop because of his expose, and Stasio will lose his job. After that, Filip gets the canister for his as-yet undeveloped new film about the brickyard, opens it and tosses the film out to be exposed to the light. Alone at home, his wife has left with their daughter, Filip turns his, now 16mm, camera on himself."] ['A small group of members of the Red Brigades rent an apartment. They kidnap Aldo Moro, former prime minister of Italy and leader of the Democrazia Cristiana  party. Moro writes many letters to politicians, Pope Paul VI, and his family, but the Italian government refuses to negotiate. A female member of the group, played by Maya Sansa, suffers doubts about the plan. Bellocchio had already directed a documentary, in 1995, about the Red Brigades and the kidnapping of Aldo Moro. It was entitled Sogni infranti . The soundtrack makes heavy use of Pink Floyd music: the song "Shine on You Crazy Diamond" plays during the final sequence and its riff plays on prominently during the course of the film. "The Great Gig In The Sky" also features in one sequence.'] ['Morgan Leafy is a British diplomat and works in the small African state of Kinjanja, in the process of decolonisation. Arthur Fanshawe, a new member of the Commission, brings Leafy the news that oil has just been discovered in Kinjanja. For the British to obtain the benefits of such unexpected news, they must maintain good relations with the man who appears likely to be the next president of Kinjanja, Sam Adekunle. But a diplomatic crisis occurs: a woman dies at the High Commission and the British want to prolong the native burial honors for several days.'] ['The story begins while a nationwide referendum is being held to decide whether or not Canada will join the United States. The people of Canada vote to join the U.S., while Prime Minister Tom McLaughlin  watches the results on the news. Sitting at the house of former Prime Minister Marc Lavigne (Guy Nadon; from [[H2O , he plots revenge, stating that one day, he would tell Lavigne the fable of "The Mouse and the Frog". Two years pass, at which point the film resumes. Canada has been split into six states , each with electoral votes, and representation in Congress. The story proceeds to focus on three major storylines: Tom McLaughlin attempting to reshape his political career and ascend to the presidency; reporter Helen Madigan  uncovering elements of political intrigue as she follows leads into the murder of her estranged son; and U.S. President Stanfield  using any means necessary to justify an invasion of Saudi Arabia in order to halt China\'s oil supply.'] ['Donna Marton has been having an affair with the President of the United States for several months, regularly meeting with him for assignations in a safe house in Washington, D.C.. She is always picked up in a car by a Secret Service agent. In Moscow, an agent in the Kremlin manages to get hold of a secret document identifying Donna Marton as a KGB agent sent to spy on the president. This document is passed back to Washington where it comes into the possession of the CSA . They begin to put Donna Marton under surveillance. The same day, her brother Ben Marton - a Washington businessmen and occasional courier for the CSA - arrived back in the city. On the plane he meets and romances Mugsy Evans. When Donna Marton suddenly turns up dead in her apartment moments before she was due to be picked up by her Secret Service driver, he begins to investigate. He discovers her affair with the President, and through his contacts with the Secret Service, he discovers a CSA agent was seen leaving her apartment building around the time of his death. The Secret Service agent who regularly drove Donna, informs him that the CSA were there, but before any more information can be passed on he is killed. Realising now that the CSA had played a large role in her death, Ben Marton confronts the head of the CSA who tells him it was the Soviets who killed her, and that she was a Soviet agent. He explains that the man who probably performed the deed was the head KGB agent in Washington, Anatoly. Anatoly is the Soviet Naval Attaché who he interrogates at gunpoint in the car. He tells him everything he knows - that the classified document identifying Donna Marton as a Soviet agent was a fake, designed to throw the CSA off-balance, which had always been intended to fall into American hands. The KGB had thus hoped to destabilise the White House during crucial talks with China.'] ['The film is divided into eight chapters. A secret vigilante society\'s nine members pass judgment on others. They meet to decide the fate of a wealthy businessman they have been keeping under surveillance known as “The Man Who Has Lived Too Long” and vote to dispatch him with a homemade bomb concealed in a cigar case. Members Forrest ([[John Bowers  and Farallone  are both in love with the sole woman in the group, Lilith . Forrest openly declares his love, but is spurned by Lilith, who is completely devoted to the "Cause". At a meeting later that day, as per their custom, Lilith deals playing cards, one at a time, to each of the society members; whoever receives the ace of hearts is to carry out the assassination. When Forrest is dealt the ace, Lilith offers to marry him that very day if it will give him courage. Forrest readily accepts, much to Farallone ’s distress. After the couple’s marriage, the grief-stricken Farallone spends the night in the rain outside their apartment. The next morning, Lilith has been transformed by her love. She begs Forrest not to go through with the assassination. He replies that he is honor-bound to carry out his mission. He goes to the café where his target habitually dines and where Forrest works as a waiter. A distraught Lilith pleads with Farallone to stop Forrest. Farallone agrees to help the couple escape the society\'s punishment if Forrest fails his task, but extracts a promise of marriage from Lilith if Forrest is killed. Meanwhile, Forrest decides to abort his mission after he spies a young eloping couple seated next to the rich man’s table. When he returns to the secret council, the group\'s leader, Morgridge , sends the couple away to await Forrest\'s execution. Farallone begs the others to reconsider, but they are unmoved. When the cards are dealt, it is Farallone who gets the ace of hearts. Laughing, he carries out his part of the bargain with Lilith by setting off the bomb, killing all present.'] ["In the era of the Mao's Cultural Revolution, 11-year-old Chinese boy Li Cunxin resides in a rural village commune in Shandong Province, destined to labour in the fields. As often occurred in those times, government officials fanning out across the nation seeking young candidates for centralized training arrive at this school. At first bypassed but selected after a plea by his teacher during the school visit, Li seems bewildered although piqued by the gruff preliminary inspection screening at the provincial capital city of Qingdao. Forwarded to a Beijing audition for a place in Madame Mao's Dance Academy, he is admitted for ballet training based on a series of physique and flexibility examinations. Years of arduous training follow, Li surpassing his initial lukewarm interest and mediocre performance after inspiration from senior teacher Chan . Later during the course of a groundbreaking cultural visit to China, American-based English ballet director Ben Stevenson, impressed by Li's standout talent, seeks him as an exchange student at his the Houston Ballet. Li's determined courage garners a formerly disparaging teacher to influence the Academy allow him the opportunity for a three-month stay in the United States. Li's encounters with US life cause questioning of the Chinese Communist Party dictates upon which he has been raised, and he begins a relationship with an aspiring American dancer, Elizabeth Mackey. Quickly attracting the attention of the local ballet scene, Li together with Stevenson requests a time extension in America, but the Chinese government refuses. Overwhelmed by the opportunities offered in America and in love with Mackey, Li is determined to stay. With legal advice that the Chinese government would recognize certain residence rights arising from an international marriage, Li and Mackey rush into a marriage. To declare personal responsibility for his decision and hopefully avoid consequences for his family and Stevenson, Li visits the Chinese Consulate in Houston. The Chinese resident diplomat forcibly detains Li in attempt to coerce his return to China. Unknown to Li, the situation quickly evolves when the media and high level government agents both in the US and China become involved. When Li perseveres in his refusal to repatriate, the Chinese Government agrees to release him but revokes his citizenship and declares he can never return to the land of his birth. Li and Elizabeth are set to depart for Florida but Li is persuaded to stay by Stevenson for his ballet company, dooming Elizabeth's prospects of dancing success. Burdened by this, plus concerned for and unable to communicate with his family, Cunxin continues to excel at dance, but his relationship with Elizabeth disintegrates and their marriage ends. Five years later, as a show of goodwill the Chinese government allows Li's parents to visit him in the US where they finally witness his performance of the The Rite of Spring and even reunite with him on stage. Li is eventually granted permission to visit China. Together with his new wife Mary McKendry , an Australian ballerina, and coming back to the village of his youth, he rejoins family and the former teacher Chan. Li and McKendry give an impromptu outdoor ballet performance with his wife to the village's uproarious cheer. Closing credits announce that: Li Cunxin danced in China with the Houston Ballet in 1995, a performance broadcast to an audience of over 500 million people. He and Mary McKendry now live in Australia with their three children. Ben Stevenson left the Houston Ballet after 27 years as Artistic Director. Acclaimed as one of the world’s leading choreographers, he is now Artistic Director of the Texas Ballet Theater. Charles C. Foster still practices law in Houston. He is recognized internationally as an authority on Immigration Law. Elizabeth Mackey  danced with the Oklahoma Ballet for some years. She is now a speech therapist, working mainly with children."] ["Gyan Singh  is a Sikh who goes off to war in the British Indian Army with his two best friends Andrew and Avtar. The three are being seen off by Andrew's sister Margaret and Walter. Gyan promises to look after Andrew only to resign after Andrew is killed. Gyan is tortured by the guilt of not being able to save Andrew. The young Muslim woman Naseem  is separated from her family in riots and unaware that her father has been killed, hides in hope that the Sikh mobs won't find her. Gyan finds Naseem in the woods, having just returned to his home town near the Pakistani border. Their efforts to hide are foiled; Naseem and Gyan are forced to bargain for Naseem's life with money. The townspeople, although initially resenting her presence, begin to accept Naseem, and it seems that the bad parts of their lives have faded away until night when both Naseem and Gyan suffer from tortured visions of their past. These visions ultimately unite the two and they get married and have a son they call Vijay. In love, the world seems perfect until Margaret shows up on Gyan's doorstep with news that Naseem's family has been found in Pakistan. Naseem leaves to see them in Pakistan. She is to return in a month but does not arrive. Her two brothers, discovering her marriage to a Sikh, lock her up in her room and forbid her to ever return to India. Akbar, the eldest, is particularly stubborn, and vows to keep her away from her husband at all costs. Gyan, tired of waiting, sets off on a trip to Pakistan to retrieve Naseem. He disguises himself as a Muslim, cutting off his hair and donning a Kofi. Even with the disguise he has to sneak across the border as his papers are not sufficient. Gyan meets with Walter and Margaret, who barely recognise him without his turban, and leaves Vijay with them while he goes to get Naseem. When he arrives, still dressed as a Muslim, Naseem immediately recognises him. As they run toward one another they are stopped by her brothers and Akbar beats Gyan. To explain himself to his neighbors he tells them that Gyan is a Sikh. Meanwhile Naseem has been locked up by her brother Zakir. Gyan is hauled to jail and there he wallows in the darkness, refusing to return to India until he remembers that he has a son who needs him. Naseem's mother, realising that the couple are truly in love, frees Naseem, who runs to the train. She recognizes Vijay immediately and hugs him, unaware that Gyan is just on the other side of the tracks. When he calls her name, they begin to fight through the crowd to reach one another. Just as they meet Akbar pulls them apart and begins a struggle with Gyan. Gyan is pushed over the railing onto the tracks just as the train arrives and is killed. Naseem sobs hysterically as she slowly collapses to the ground. Naseem and Vijay escape on the train as the police arrive for Akbar. With the help of Margaret and Walter they move to England and Avtar spreads Gyan's ashes given by Walter over a banyan tree."] ["The film opens with Marcello Clerici  in Paris finalizing preparations to assassinate his former college professor, Luca Quadri . It frequently returns to the interior of a car driven by Manganiello  as the two of them pursue the professor and his wife. Through a series of flashbacks, we see him discussing with Italo, a blind friend, his plans to marry, his somewhat awkward attempts to join the Fascist secret police, and his visits to his morphine-addicted mother at the family's decaying villa and his unhinged father at an insane asylum. In one of these flashbacks we see him as a boy during World War I, who finds himself isolated from society by his family's wealth. He is socially humiliated by his schoolmates until he is rescued by chauffeur Lino . Lino offers to show him a pistol and then makes sexual advances towards Marcello, which he partially responds to before grabbing the pistol and shooting wildly into the walls and into Lino, then flees from the scene of the murder. In another flashback Marcello and his fiancee Giulia discuss the necessity of his going to confession in order for her parents to allow them to marry, even though he is an atheist. He agrees, and in confession admits to the priest to having committed many sins, including his homosexual experience with Lino, the consequent murder, premarital sex, and his absence of guilt for these sins. Marcello admits he thinks little of his new wife but craves the normality that a traditional marriage with children will bring. The priest is shocked &mdash; apparently more by Marcello's homosexuality than the murder &mdash; but quickly absolves Marcello once he hears that he is currently working for the Fascist secret police. Now married, Marcello finds himself ordered to assassinate his old friend and teacher, Professor Quadri, an outspoken anti-Fascist intellectual now living in exile in France. Using his marriage as a convenient cover he takes Giulia on their honeymoon to Paris where he can carry out the mission. While visiting Quadri he falls in love with Anna - the professor's young wife - and actively pursues her. Although it becomes clear that she and her husband are aware of Marcello's Fascist sympathies and the danger he presents to them she seems to accept his advances, as well as forming a close attachment to Giulia who she appears to make sexual advances toward as well, possibly for Marcello's benefit. Giulia and Anna dress extravagantly and go to a dance hall with their husbands where Marcello's commitment to the Fascists is tested by Quadri. Manganiello is also at the dance hall, having been pursuing Marcello for some time and is doubtful of his intentions. Marcello returns the gun that he has been given and secretly gives Manganiello the location of Quadri's country house where the couple plan to go the following day. Even though Marcello has warned Anna not to go to the country with her husband and has apparently persuaded her that she should leave her husband and stay with him she does make the car journey. On a deserted woodland road Fascist agents conspire to stop Quadri's car with a false accident. When he attempts to help a stricken driver he is attacked and stabbed to death by several men who appear from the woods. Anna sees her husband murdered and realising the danger to herself runs to Marcello's car for help. When Anna sees that the passenger in the rear of the car is Marcello, she begins to scream uncontrollably, then runs off into the woods. Marcello merely watches without emotion as she is pursued through the woods and finally shot to death. The ending of the film takes place in 1943 during the fall of Benito Mussolini and the fascist dictatorship, Marcello now has a small child and is apparently settled in a conventional lifestyle. He is called by Italo, his blind friend and former Fascist, and asked to meet on the streets. While walking with Italo, they overhear a conversation between two men and Marcello recognizes one of them as Lino, who attempted to seduce him when he was a boy. Marcello publicly denounces Lino as a homosexual, Fascist, and for participating in the murder of Professor Quadri and his wife. While in this frenzy he also denounces his friend Italo. As a crowd sweeps past taking Italo with them Marcello is left alone, unaccepted by the people of the new partisan political movement, and having spurned his former friend. He sits near a small fire and looks intently behind him at the man Lino was previously talking to."] ['Admiral McKee  is retired, when following the events of 9/11 he receives a call from the White House informing him that his commander in chief requires him to serve his country once again. Shortly after this he is sworn into office as a senior member of the Office of Homeland Security under Tom Ridge. Once in office Admiral McKee faces the challenge of organising this new office so as to prevent further terrorist attacks against the United States. With this in mind Admiral McKee\'s wife, Elise Mckee, recommends he speaks to his friend, NSA Agent Sol Binder. Following a meeting with Sol Binder, Mckee recruits him into the Office of Homeland Security. After which Binder comes up with a plan for the new agency, all law enforcement agencies within the United States will have to put their rivalry aside and funnel all intelligence into the Office of Homeland Security. We first meet Agent Binder at the beginning of the film prior to the events of 9/11, where he is meeting with a group of NSA Agents with intelligence on a planned terrorist attack that is to take place in the United States where the number Nine and Eleven keep popping up, it is not until the day of the attacks that Binder was able to piece it together. It is Binder\'s belief that had there been a co-operative organisation such as the Office of Homeland Security the attacks could have been averted While the main concern of the film is the establishment of the Office of Homeland Security, which following Congress\' approval would become the Department of Homeland Security, there are a number of subplots involved in the film. Such sub plots are, The invasion of Afghanistan, use of precision-guided air strikes with weapons such as GPS-guided JDAMs, the pursuit of Osama Bin Laden and the destruction of Al\'Qaeda training camps in the middle east, as well as in the beginning of the film Admiral Mckees\' Daughter, Melissa, is due to leave New Jersey for San Francisco on September 11, 2001, she was due to board United Airlines Flight 93, following hearing an announcement on the news that United Airlines Flight 93 was hijacked and has gone down over Pennsylvania, the Admiral and his wife were distraught, shortly thereafter she contacted her parents and was upset and told them she was late and fortunately had missed her flight. That is not all Melissa saw that day. After the Pentagon was attacked, military command had received the executive order to investigate various aircraft that were off course, including Melissa\'s later flight, and to shoot down any that failed to comply with visual command. In a fictional engagement, three military jets engage the airliner, setting off the near collision alarm, one positioning itself in front of the airliner, another to the left. The nervous jet pilot behind the airliner nearly shoots it down before the airliner pilots comply with visual command and respond. The jet pilot is ordered to stand down, take a deep breath, and escort the airliner to O\'Hare Airport in Chicago, where Melissa first vigorously demands to know if they had almost been shot down. From a pay phone, Melissa called her parents and her boyfriend. Melissa demands from her mother, "Who is doing this to us?"'] ["Valerie Plame is employed by the Central Intelligence Agency, a fact known outside the agency to no one except her husband and parents. She is an agent involved in a number of sensitive and sometimes dangerous covert operations overseas. Her husband, Joseph C. Wilson, is a diplomat who most recently has served as the U.S. ambassador to Gabon. Due to his earlier diplomatic background in Niger, Wilson is approached by Plame's CIA colleagues to travel there and glean information as to whether yellowcake uranium is being procured by Iraq for use in the construction of nuclear weapons. Wilson determines to his own satisfaction that it is not. After military action is taken by George W. Bush, who justifies it in a 2003 State of the Union address by alluding to the uranium's use in building weapons of mass destruction, Wilson submits an op-ed piece to The New York Times, claiming these reports to be categorically untrue. Plame's status as a CIA agent is subsequently revealed in the media, the leak possibly coming from White House officials, including the Vice President's chief of staff and national security adviser, Scooter Libby, in part to discredit her husband's allegation that the Bush administration had manipulated intelligence to justify the invasion of Iraq. As a result, Plame is instantly dismissed from the agency, leaving several of her delicate operations in limbo and creating a rift in her marriage. Plame leaves her husband, further angered by his granting of television and print interviews, which expose them both to public condemnation and death threats. Wilson ultimately persuades her, however, that there is no other way to fight a power as great as that of the White House for citizens like them. Plame returns to him and testifies before a Congressional committee, while Libby is convicted of perjury and obstruction of justice and given a 30-month prison sentence, although President Bush commutes the jail time on Libby's behalf."] ['After being released from a Philippine prison following the fall of Ferdinand Marcos, a former priest  gives up his violent activities in favor of peaceful social activism. But he quickly discovers that vicious death squads, and notorious counter-insurgency operations, still plague his country, and soon he is considering joining the resistance again.'] ['The film is shown through the point of view of a Japanese photojournalist named Shiomi Akutagawa . Three years after covering Danang during the communist takeover, Akutagawa is invited back to Vietnam to report on life after the war. He is guided by a government minder to a New Economic Zone near Danang and is shown a group of schoolchildren happily playing, singing songs praising Ho Chi Minh. The scene that he sees is actually staged to deceive the foreign press. In Danang, he witnesses a fire and is beaten by the police for taking photos without permission. He also sees the police beating up a "reactionary". Later he sees a family being forced to leave the city to a New Economic Zone and wonders why they would not want to go there, recalling the happy children that he saw. In the city, he meets Cam Nuong  and her family. Her mother secretly works as a prostitute to raise her children. She has two younger brothers, the older one, Nhac, is a street-smart boy who is conversant in American slang, while the younger boy, Lang, was fathered by a Korean that her mother serviced. From Cam Nuong, Akutagawa learns the grisly details of life under communism in Danang, including children searching for valuables in freshly executed corpses in the "chicken farm". One day, Nhac finds an unexploded ordnance while scavenging in the garbage and is killed. At the "chicken farm", Akutagawa meets To Minh , a young man who was just released from the New Economic Zone. After To Minh attempts to rob Akutagawa\'s camera, he is tried and re-sent to the New Economic Zone. Akutagawa uses his connections with an official to follow him there. At the New Economic Zone, he witnesses the inmates being mistreated. He returns to the location where the smiling children were singing for him earlier, and finds to his horror them sleeping unclothed in overcrowded barracks. Meanwhile, To Minh has a plan to escape the country with a friend named Thanh. However, while on duty dismantling landmines one day, Thanh is blown up. To Minh gets on the boat to flee the country alone, but he is set up. The Coast Guard is waiting for them and shoots indiscriminately into the boat, killing all on board then taking all the valuables. Cam Nuong\'s mother is arrested for prostitution and forced to confess publicly. She committs suicide by impaling herself with a hook. Akutagawa decides to sell his camera to help Cam Nuong and her brother leave the country. On the night of the ship\'s departure, Akutagawa helps them by carrying a container of diesel. However, they are discovered and he is shot at. The diesel container blows up, burning Akutagawa to death. The film ends with Cam Nuong and her brother safely on the boat, looking forward to a new life at a freer place.'] ["{{plot}} 12 African American men are introduced aboard the bus as it leaves L.A. for the cross-country drive to D.C. where the Million Man March is being held. They have nothing in common except for their race and destination. Along the way, the men get to know each other and discuss various topics including their personal lives, their political beliefs, and religious affiliations. The elderly Jeremiah reveals that after he lost his job, he became an alcoholic and eventually lost his family. He hopes the March will revitalize him and inspire him to turn his life around. Evan Jr., who fancies himself as a gangster rap artist, manages to escape from his father at one point. Evan Sr. finds Junior and realizes that Junior's criminal behavior was an attempt to gain his attention after he became neglectful. He expresses regret and promises to make a sincere effort to be there for Junior. Xavier, begins interviewing the passengers, allowing each of the passengers to reveal information about their lives and how they perceive themselves and the March. Xavier captures as much as he can on his camcorder . Tensions rise after Xavier's interview with Flip, an aspiring actor who is full of hatred and seems to be missing the whole purpose of the March. He claims to be a racist and provokes the gay couple, Kyle and Randall, for being homosexuals and Gary for being biracial. Gary is a police officer and is anxious to put an end to all the atrocities happening in his streets. He has even worked with a community outreach program to discourage children from becoming involved in gang activity. Jamal admits to committing murder and rape, crimes for which he was never arrested or punished. Gary informs him that he will be arrested upon their return to California. Kyle, a Gulf War veteran feels he has been persecuted from all sides because of his race and sexual orientation. Randall tries to comfort him. An argument ensues between Flip and Kyle and turns violent when Flip punches Kyle. In the resulting fistfight, Kyle is victorious and Flip is embarrassed. During the trip, the bus breaks down and the group boards a new bus. The new driver is Rick , who is ethnically Jewish. Later, Rick in protest refuses to drive and leaves. George takes over for the rest of the trip, with help from Evan Sr. who, while not licensed a bus driver, has experience driving trucks. The group meet various people at rest stops including fellow travelers, friendly White American Southerners and women. At a diner, the group meets Wendell , a Lexus salesman who bribes his way onto the bus. He quickly comes to be accused as racist from the others and the passengers literally throw him out of the bus. While driving through Knoxville, Tennessee, the bus is pulled over by a group of redneck Tennessee state troopers on suspicion of drug trafficking. The bus is searched with drug-sniffing dogs. However they do not find anything illegal and the racist state troopers reluctantly permit the bus to continue on its way. As the bus approaches Washington, D.C., Jeremiah becomes unconscious and is rushed to a hospital, where it is revealed that Jeremiah has coronary artery disease. Evan Sr. and Jr., Gary, Jamal, and Xavier, stay behind and watch the beginning of March on television while the others attend the march. Jeremiah dies. The men are shocked and saddened by Jeremiah's death. They end up watching the rest of the March from the hospital. As they come out of the hospital, the group see their bus pull up, where George tells them that he and the rest of the people on the bus traveled only halfway to the march before they decided to come back to be with Jeremiah. As the bus prepares to return home, George tells the men that the March should be seen as merely the beginning of a larger movement. Jeremiah's drum is given to Xavier. George finds a paper in the hollow bottom of the drum, which is told to be the prayer Jeremiah wrote in honor of the Million Man March. Later, in front of the Lincoln Memorial, George leads the men in Jeremiah's prayer. In the bus, the group quietly reflects on the trip's events. The film ends with a front side view of the Lincoln Memorial that scrolls down to show a broken shackle lying near its base."] ['The film is based on Yu Hua\'s novel To Live. The story begins some time in the 1940s. Xu Fugui  is a local rich man\'s son and compulsive gambler, who loses his family property to a man named Long\'er . His behaviour also causes his long-suffering wife Jiazhen  to leave him, along with their daughter, Fengxia and their unborn son, Youqing. After he loses his entire family fortune, Fugui eventually reunites with his wife and children, but is forced to start a shadow puppet troupe with a partner named Chunsheng , using puppets donated by Long\'er to support his family. The Chinese Civil War is occurring at the time, and both Fugui and Chunsheng are conscripted into the Kuomintang during a performance. Eventually Fugui is able to return home and explain his absence, only to find out that Fengxia has become mute and lost most of her hearing due to a fever. It is revealed that Long\'er did not want to donate any of his wealth to the "people\'s government", and when they tried to pressure him to do so, they only enraged him further so that he decided to burn all of his property instead of giving it away. He was designated an anti-revolutionary reactionary and executed. Fugui realizes the serendipity of losing their fortune to Long\'er, for he could have been executed had he not lost it in their bet. The ending of this decade shows Fugui and Jiazhen locating the certificate Fugui earned after fighting in the war in the wash. It is symbolic of their family for the certificate is fragile, much like the family, and the two try to carefully unfold it so they can hang it in their house to show that they are a revolutionary family despite their past wealth. The story moves forward a decade into the future, to the time of the Great Leap Forward. The local town chief enlists everyone to donate all scrap iron in their possession, including cookware, to the national drive to produce steel and make weaponry for retaking Taiwan. As an entertainer, Fugui performs for the entire town, and so is allowed to keep the small pins that hold his puppets together. The town, which has been devoted entirely to producing steel, also establishes a communal kitchen for everyone to get food from. Soon after, some boys have begun picking on Fengxia, who cannot fight back or tell anyone since she cannot speak. Youqing, who adores his older sister, decides to get back at one of the boys by dumping a huge bowl of noodles and chili sauce onto his head at the public kitchen. In the fury afterward, one man accuses Youqing, and by default, Fugui, of trying to sabotage the kitchens. Since Youqing will not apologize, Fugui begins to paddle him. Later, when they have returned home, Fugui learns of the reasons of his son\'s actions, and tries to apologize, only to be rebuffed. That night, when he is giving another shadow play to the workers, he asks Jiazhen to convince Youqing to come see it, as a way to make it better between them. In the end, Youqing does come, and with a bowl of tea for his father. But only because his mother has given him the idea of putting vinegar and chili sauce in it, as well as helped him, as a way of payback. In the end, Fugui ends up ragingly and eventually playfully chasing his son around the smelting area. The mother\'s actions also made it look like the child was just a prankster, and possibly to make the people no longer think Youqing\'s actions was sabotage set up by Fugui. One day a while later, while Fengxia and Youqing are sleeping, several of Youqing\'s classmates come by to tell him that they have to go to school now, since the District Chief is coming. Still sleepy, Fugui carries him there, despite his wife wishing to let him sleep, since he has not been able to sleep well in weeks. Tragically, the boy falls asleep against a wall, which the District Chief\'s truck accidentally knocks over, killing Youqing. At the grave site of the boy, his mother leaves for him a lunchbox of 20 stale dumplings, which were intended as his lunch for school that day, plus 20 newly made dumplings. The District Chief visits the family at the grave, only to be revealed as Chunsheng. His attempts to apologize and compensate the family are rejected, with Jiazhen declaring that he owed them a life. The story moves forward again another decade, to the Cultural Revolution. The village chief advises Fugui\'s family to burn their shadow puppet drama props, which have been deemed as counter-revolutionary as they are representative of traditional Chinese culture. Fengxia is now grown up. Her family arranges for her to meet Wan Erxi, a local leader of the Red Guards who also has a disability. They fall in love and soon marry, and Fengxia becomes pregnant. It is revealed that Chunsheng, the district chief, has been branded a reactionary and a capitalist. Throughout the years, Fugui had forgiven Chunsheng, but Jiazhen does not want to see him. He arrives late at night to inform Fugui and Jiazhen that his wife has committed suicide and implies that he plans to do so also as he was unable to cope with both losing his wife and killing Youqing. Chunsheng gives Fugui the bank certificate for all of his money as a form of his final apology and wished that they accept the money before his death. Fugui refuses to take it, and Jiazhen, who up to that point had refused to talk to Chunsheng, reconciles with him and encouragingly tells him to keep living, because "You still owe us a life!" Months later, during Fengxia\'s childbirth, her parents and husband accompany her to the county hospital, where they find out that young medical students are in charge. Since all doctors have been sent to do hard labor for being "reactionary academic authorities", the students are left as the only ones in charge, despite being so young. The nurses tell the family that both the child and mother will be fine, but the family is skeptical. Wan Erxi manages to retrieve a doctor from confinement to oversee the birth. As the doctor has not eaten for several days, Fugui purchases seven steamed buns  for him. Fugui and Jiazhen decides to name the son Mantou, after the buns, or at least until he is born. Soon, a healthy baby boy is born, and everything seems to have gone perfectly. However, Fengxia begins to hemorrhage, and the nurses panic, admitting that they do not know what to do. The family and nurses seek the advice of the doctor, but find that he has overeaten and is semiconscious. The family is helpless, and Fengxia bleeds to death. Her parents decide to keep the baby\'s name as Mantou, or "little bun". The movie ends six years later, with the family now consisting of Fugui, Jiazhen, their son-in-law Erxi, and grandson Mantou. The family visits the graves of Youqing and Fengxia, where Jiazhen, as per tradition, leaves dumplings for her son. Erxi buys a box full of young chicks for his son, which they decide to keep in the chest formerly used for the shadow puppet props. When Mantou inquires how long it will take for the chicks to grow up, Fugui\'s response is a more tempered version of something he said earlier in the film, that the chickens would grow into geese, which would grow into sheep, which would grow into oxen. However, in spite of all of his personal hardships, he expresses optimism for his grandson\'s future, and the film ends with his statement, "and life will get better and better"  as the whole family sits down to eat.'] ['Set in South America, it tells the tale of a rich playboy, Dax   who uses and destroys everyone who crosses his path. His vileness results from having seen his mother and sister raped and murdered by outlaws, and him being forced to kill his own grandfather. But his obsession is to avenge his father\'s murder. And yet, the father of Dax had been a true patriot unlike any of the other self-seeking Presidentes in an otherwise poor country always belonging to "the revolution." After Dax is himself shot and dies below a statue erected to exploit the memory of his father, Xenos finally realizes he loved his country but had failed both his country and to be the man his father was.'] ["The story takes place during the period of the ruling military junta in Argentina from the mid-seventies to the early eighties, focusing on one particular family. The story is told from the viewpoint of Nicolas, a young boy. By mistake the mother of the family is killed by right-wing extremists because they believe she had photographed a civilian protest march and the violent suppression by a military patrol in Buenos Aires. In fact, her twin sister actually took the pictures. She recognized its leader as the father of her nephew and she shows the pictures to her sister. One day while the sister is out, the man shows up with his political thugs and murders the mother and then hunts for Nicolas who hides inside a large grandfather clock. Nicolas  is soon taken by his aunt to her home in the country, where he attends the local Catholic school, where most of the children's parents are in the military. At the school the fascist bullies and kids who are frightened by them offer a parallel to Argentina's political situation at the time. The boys imitate their parents with dirty tricks toward a boy they call a mixto  who they regularly beat and torment. Nicolas develops a friendship with the mixto and confides in him about what happened to his mother. A few years later, after the mixto has been taken away, Nicolas and the other bullies take part in the Malvinas/Falklands War. Afterward, Nicolas settles an old, old score."] ['Carter Page III , a middle-aged gay man in Washington, D. C., is a "walker", a single man who escorts other men\'s wives to social events so the husbands do not have to. One of the women he escorts, Lynn Lockner , is the wife of a United States senator and is carrying on an affair with a lobbyist. When she finds the lobbyist murdered, she embroils Carter in an investigation that leads to the highest levels of the federal government.'] ['In Saigon in 1952, as Vietnamese insurgents are delivering major strikes against the French colonial rulers, an innocent and enigmatic young American economist , who is working for an international aid organization, gets caught between the Communists and the colonialists as he tries to win the "hearts and minds" of the Vietnamese people. By promising marriage, he steals away a young Vietnamese woman  from an embittered and cynical English newspaperman , who retaliates by spreading the word that the American is actually covertly selling arms to the anti-Communists.'] ["The film is set in Montgomery, Alabama, United States, during the 1955 Montgomery Bus Boycott, and features Whoopi Goldberg as Odessa Cotter, an African-American maid, employed by a well-to-do white woman, Miriam Thompson, played by Spacek. The story is told through the eyes of Miriam's young daughter Mary Catherine, for whom Odessa is a nanny. Odessa and her family are faced with all of the social problems typical of African Americans at the time: poverty, racism, violence, and discrimination based solely on the color of their skin. When a boycott of the city buses prevents Odessa from riding the bus to work, she is left with no other choice but to walk. Her employer, Miriam Thompson, offers to give her a ride two days a week in order to ensure she makes it to work on time and alleviate the effect the “long walk home” is having on her. However, as the boycott progresses, tensions rise and giving Odessa a ride to work becomes an issue with the white prominent members of her community, as well as with her husband. Miriam is faced with the choice between doing what she believes is right or succumbing to pressure from her husband and friends. After a fight with her husband, Miriam decides to follow her heart and becomes involved in a carpool group for other workers like Odessa. In the film's emotional final scene, Miriam and Mary Catherine join Odessa and the other protesters in standing against oppression."] ["Recount chronicles the 2000 United States Presidential Election Bush v. Gore case between Governor of Texas George W. Bush and Vice President Al Gore. It begins with the election on November 7 and ends with the Supreme Court ruling, which stopped the Florida election recount on December 12. Key points depicted include Gore's retraction of his personal telephone concession to Bush in the early hours of November 8; the decision by the Gore campaign to sue for hand recounts in Democratic strongholds where voting irregularities were alleged, especially in light of the statistical dead heat revealed by the reported machine recount; Republican pressure on Florida’s Secretary of State Katherine Harris in light of her legally mandated responsibilities; the attention focused on the hand recounts by media, parties, and the public; the two major announcements by Florida Supreme Court spokesman Craig Waters extending the deadline for returns in the initial recount  and ordering a statewide recount of votes , and later overturned by the United States Supreme Court; and finally the adversarial postures of the Supreme Courts of Florida and the United States, as well as the dissenting opinions among the justices of the higher court."] ["The Unbearable Lightness of Being introduces Czech brain surgeon Tomas , a lothario who is a successful medical doctor in Communist Czechoslovakia. His lover, Sabina , is an equally care-free artist. One day, Dr Tomas leaves Prague to operate on a man in a spa town. There, he meets the waitress Tereza , who dreams of escaping her small town life. She follows him to Prague and cohabits with him, complicating Tomas's extra-domestic sexual affairs. Tomas asks Sabina to help Tereza find work as a photographer. Tereza is fascinated and jealous as she grasps that Sabina and Tomas are lovers. Her distress about his polyamory is interrupted by the Soviet Army tanks invading Czechoslovakia. Amidst the confusion, Tereza photographs the Soviet invasion, then hands the rolls of film to foreigners to smuggle to the West. Facing the stultifying reality that replaced the Prague Spring, Tomas, Sabina, and Tereza flee Czechoslovakia for Switzerland; first Sabina, then the hesitant Tomas and Tereza. In Geneva, Sabina meets Franz , a married university professor; they begin a love affair. After some time, he decides to abandon his wife and family for her. After hearing the declaration, Sabina abandons Franz, feeling he would emotionally weigh her down. Meanwhile, Tereza and Tomas attempt to adapt to Switzerland, whose people Tereza finds inhospitable. When she discovers that Tomas continues womanizing, she leaves him and Switzerland, and returns to Czechoslovakia. Upset by her leaving, Tomas follows Tereza to Czechoslovakia, where his passport is confiscated, locking him in-country; nevertheless, his return elates Tereza. They are re-united. In Prague, Tomas tries recovering his old brain surgeon hospital job, but the Soviet-backed régime consider him politically incorrect and prevent his re-employment. Before the invasion, Tomas wrote an article comparing the Soviets to Oedipus Rex; noting that Oedipus plucked out his eyes upon understanding his crime, but that the autocracy could see everything but its crimes. The régime demands his signature to a letter repudiating the article. Tomas refuses, and is black-listed from practicing medicine; he works as a window washer, and continues womanizing. Working as a waitress, Tereza meets an engineer who propositions her. Aware of Tomas's infidelity, she enters a one-time and unpleasant sexual liaison with the engineer. Remorseful, she fears the engineer might have been a secret agent for the régime, who might blackmail her and Tomas. She contemplates suicide, which Tomas thwarts. Stressed by insubstantial city life, Tereza convinces Tomas to leave Prague for the country; they go to a village where an old patient of Tomas' welcomes them. In the village, they live a farm idyll, far from the political intrigues of Prague. In contrast, Sabina has gone to the US, where she continues in the detached bohemian style of life. Later, Sabina is shocked by the letter telling of the deaths of Tereza and Tomas in a road accident while returning after celebrating in another town. Their lightness no longer unbearable, Tereza and Tomas were deeply happy as they drove toward death."] ["1967 - in Miranda, an imaginary Latin American country, ruled by the dictator General Abalorio, Arcibel Alegría , a journalist who writes articles about chess is taken to jail as political prisoner due to a mixed-up schedule of the newspaper he works for. Arcibel, a non-political, rather solitary person, separated, and father of a two-year-old girl, will get to know a new reality he's never heard of, from inside the jail. Arcibel spends his time learning and, luckily for him, playing chess with Palacios, his cell neighbor. As time goes by, General Abalorio is elected president after democratic elections and all political prisoners are set free, except for Arcibel, who, due to a bureaucratic mess, will be confined to jail where the rest of the criminals are locked up. The jail gets crowded with thieves and murderers. Pablo , his new cellmate, hardly knows how to read or write and he definitely doesn't play chess. Despite Arcibel's efforts, Pablo doesn't learn a thing and therefore, Arcibel comes up with an idea. He invents a witty war game, of guerillas. In time Pablo becomes an expert. When he meets Rosalinda, Arcibel's daughter who is already in her twenties, he's touched. The day Pablo manages to beat Arcibel in the game, he runs away. Arcibel then has to undergo terrible punishments for keeping quiet about his cellmate's jailbreak. However, he holds out until time gives him another surprise. His game, Arcibel's game, is not a game anymore, it has become real, and the two leading players turn out to be no others than Pablo and his own daughter Rosalinda."] ['The film opens in 1934 with Winston Churchill deep in his wilderness years, and struggling to complete his biography of his ancestor the Duke of Marlborough, which he hopes will revive his fortunes. Winston is chided by his wife Clemmie for their lack of money and is aware that as a \'man of destiny\' his moment may have passed. At the same time he struggles in the House of Commons as a backbencher to get a hearing for his concerns about German re-armament under Hitler and the policy of appeasement. Churchill is also disappointed by the behaviour of his son Randolph Churchill, which leads to further arguments with Clemmie, who announces she is leaving to go on an extended overseas trip. Churchill is devastated and throws himself into his pet activities: painting, and building walls around the family house. Clemmie eventually returns, and the couple are reconciled. During the same period, a young official in the government, Ralph Wigram  has become concerned about the growth of the German Luftwaffe , and is convinced by his wife to leak information about it to Churchill. Shortly afterwards, Churchill uses Wigram\'s information to launch an attack on Prime Minister Stanley Baldwin . With Churchill\'s fortunes restored, the narrative jumps forward to September 1939, with the declaration of war against Germany at the start of World War II, and the announcement that Churchill will be taking over command of the Royal Navy again as First Lord of the Admiralty. An impatient Churchill bids farewell to the staff at the country house, and travels to London. Arriving in the middle of the night at the Admiralty, Churchill is met by a Royal Marine corporal who informs him the fleet have already been signalled that "Winston is Back", to which Churchill replies, "He bloody well is!"'] ['Joseph Krauzenberg  is a very wealthy Hungarian Jewish industrial tycoon whose fortune is mirrored in the great palaces he owns. However, by 1944 his important businesses are needed by the Nazis and Hitler\'s \'Final Solution\' is sweeping through Europe. The Nazi\'s are greedy to accumulate wealth as easily as possible, and under the terms of the Third Reich\'s "Europa Plan," Krauzenberg arranges with Nazi leaders to exchange his fortune, his business holdings  and a collection of rare art for safe passage to Switzerland for himself, his wife Rachel , and their family. As the night of transaction approaches, Krauzenberg visits his large family being held by the Gestapo, and reassures them that all will be safe. Such is Krauzenberg\'s wealth and power that when he agrees to sign over his property, it is two of the most powerful men in the Nazi regime who announce they will be coming to his house to handle the paperwork - Adolf Eichmann  and Heinrich Himmler . However, as the Nazi leaders are ushered into Krauzenberg\'s home, they are struck by something unusual - his two most trusted servants, Hans Vassmann  and his wife Ingrid ([[Caroline Carver  are a married Aryan couple who, despite the law, are still working for Jews. As it happens, Eichmann and Himmler\'s suspicions are well-founded -- despite appearing to be the perfect Aryan couple, Hans and Ingrid are actually Jews working deep undercover with the underground Resistance. Young, married, in love and expecting their first child, they work as valet and maid for the elderly Jewish couple. They have everything to look forward to or so they would have believed. In a sub-plot one of the officers, Edelhein , the most repulsive of the group, pursues Ingrid Vassman - despite her pregnancy - as a perfect foil for implanting his precious seed in the \'Aryan beauty\' to populate the new Germany. As they serve the Nazis in their secret mission, Hans and Ingrid toy with the idea that they should kill Eichmann and Himmler for the greater good, even if it would mean certain death for the Krauzenbergs and themselves. Instead, the Vassmans, who express their admiration for the Krauzenbergs, ultimately confessing that they are Jewish and wish to escape with the Krauzenbergs, place their fate in the hands of the Krauzenbergs. Nothing can be done immediately - "if we had known we could have placed you on the list of people to come with us". On his way to the plane that is to take him and his family to the safety of Switzerland, Josef Krauzenberg makes a deal with Dressler, a German Captain. Though we do not know what it is, he deceives Eichmann, and gives the Vassmans the means to escape. In the final climactic scene, the Vassmans are confronted at the last checkpoint before Switzerland by Edelhein, who has discovered Dressler\'s treachery and has pursued them for the so called murder of a German soldier, and of course for being Jews. However, the Reichsfuhrer himself, hearing of the events, and wanting to avoid any blooshed that could reveal his plot concerning the Krauzenbergs to a wider audience, has sent word that they should be allowed to pass freely and safely. Angered that he has lost his chance to \'plant his seed\' in Ingrid, Edelhein, regardless of the Reichsfuhrer\'s orders, attempts to stop them passing. This results in his demise at the hands of the commanding Major, who shoots him dead before he manages to harm them. The film ends with the couple being reunited safely in Switzerland with the Krauzenbergs. While The Aryan Couple is fictional, it was inspired by actual events, and the existence of the "Europa Plan" has been documented, though no one appears to have been saved from death through its application.'] ["Set in 1970s Ethiopia, Teza  tells the story of a young Ethiopian as he returns from West Germany a postgraduate. Anberber comes back to a country at the height of the Cold War and under the Marxist regime of Mengistu Haile Mariam. Working in a health institution he witnesses a brutal murder and finds himself at odds with the revolutionary gangsters running the country. He is ordered by the regime to take up a post in East Germany and uses this opportunity to escape to the West until the Berlin Wall falls and Ethiopia's military regime is overthrown. Now aged 60, Anberber finally returns to his home village. Although he finds comfort from his ageing mother he feels alienated from those around him by his absence from home for so long and is disillusioned and haunted by his past.{{cite news}}"] ['The film opens with Angus Barrie , an Irish Republican Army member, walking through hills, and coming to rest on a beach, where there is a little hut. Meanwhile, Nancy Gulliver  having just left school, burns all her books in happiness. It is her birthday, and her aunt  has invited over Harry , with whom she’s desperately in love, to tea. However, during the course of the film, as a result of Harry’s behaviour with another girl and the way he treats Nancy, she realises that her love for Harry was nothing more than childish infatuation. One day, Nancy goes down to the beach, and notices that her hut has been slept in. She leaves a note requesting that it be left alone. Soon after, she is on the beach reading, when Barrie comes up to her. Over the course of the film, the two develop a relationship, despite her not really knowing and understanding his job: he is one of the first people that became part of a group named the IRA, and is on the run from the government. Nevertheless, she grows fond of Barrie, and dubs him "Cassius"  After Cassius asks her to pass on a message to a colleague, several constables of the Royal Irish Constabulary are gunned down at a horse race show. Later that day, the R.I.C. comes to see Nancy, and ask her if she knows where Cassius is. The police officers\' suspicion is aroused when Nancy\'s grandfather  says he saw her talking to a man on the beach. She denies any knowledge. When they leave, she runs to the cottage on the beach where Cassius was staying to tell him to flee, only to find that he has already packed. As they walk out, a light shines on them: the RIC has found him. He is gunned down, much to Nancy\'s distress. The film ends with Nancy back at home, considerably older and wiser than when the film started.'] ["The movie Danton opens in the spring of 1794, when the Reign of Terror was in full swing. On the borders of Paris, any vehicles entering Paris, including Danton, who has just ridden in, are being searched. As he rides through Paris, we are given grim reminders of the conditions of the Revolution: people are still cold and hungry and the shining guillotine is on display for all to see. Robespierre, on the other hand, is sick in his bed. His landlady's daughter, Éléonore Duplay, attempts to comfort him, but is unable to. Her nephew, whom she is taking care of, is meanwhile being made to memorize lines from the Declaration of the Rights of Man and Citizen. Back in the streets of Paris, starving lines of people, waiting for bread, discuss the possible reasons for the lack of it. Whether or not it is an enemy plot, the people do know that they are hungry, and that hunger leads to revolt. Once the bread store actually opens, and they finally begin to receive their bread, they are distracted by their other source of faith and hope in life: Danton. As Robespierre is watching, Danton is swarmed by a mob of supporters and fans, who all cry out for help. Robespierre, in his flat, observes all this as Danton’s latest publication is read out to him, and orders Danton’s printing press, and his works, to be destroyed. The reason for this is because Danton’s latest work is against the current stage of the revolution. Camille Desmoulins does his best to protect the shop, but he is ultimately defenseless against the thugs. All the while that the shop is being ruined, Robespierre is having his wig fluffed, his powder applied, and shaved. Robespierre’s friend Saint-Just comes in, and urges him to have Danton guillotined, but Robespierre resists. Later, when Robespierre meets with the other members of the Committee of Public Safety, they push the same point. Robespierre resists for multiple reasons: 1, if Danton were to be executed, the bourgeoisie would turn against Robespierre. 2, Danton is loved by the common man, for his works and triumphs such as when he removed the monarchy from power on August 10, the Champ de Mars Massacre, and his newspaper is read by the common people. 3, Danton is a friend and old colleague of Robespierre, and doesn’t want to execute him. Before the National Convention commences for the day, Danton’s supporters warn him that Robespierre is planning on having him jailed. Danton, however, is positive that his newspaper and the support of the people will prevent anything like that from ever happening. All of his supporters urge him to strike now and take power, but he resists. That day, at the convention, one of Danton’s supporters, Bourdon, makes a speech against Heron and his secret police , and has Heron jailed and executed. That night, Danton and Robespierre have dinner together. Danton puts much work into setting the meal, but Robespierre refuses to drink or eat. Then, their discussion begins. Robespierre wants Danton to join his cause and stop fighting because he does not want to be forced to have Danton executed. Danton simply drinks until he passes out, and refuses Robespierre’s advances. Next, Robespierre goes to Camille Desmoulin’s house, where Camille entirely ignores Robespierre. Robespierre tries to convince Camille that Danton is exploiting him, but he is again ignored. His wife begs Robespierre to stay and talk sense into her husband because she wants him to live, but Robespierre can do nothing. With no other options, Robespierre has Lacrois, Phillipeaux, Desmoulins, Danton and other supporters arrested and jailed in the Luxembourg jail, after having the warrant signed by the Committee of Public Safety. Although Danton has the power to raise up a force and resist, he doesn’t because he does not want any more bloodshed. The man who arrests Danton is scared of him, and Danton has to practically drag him along. While Danton waits in custody, Robespierre plans out his trial. Only seven jurors are to be used, which is against the law, but Robespierre can only ensure seven men who will find Danton guilty. Danton has given up on the Revolution and on the people. At the trial, Danton consistently breaks the order by speaking out of turn. The people are still in support of him, and the head of the trial feels bad about murdering this innocent man. “I’m not your executioner!” he says to Robespierre, who replies “You’re the public’s executioner.” After a few days of injustice, a decree is issued that if anyone speaks out of turn again, which Danton has done repeatedly, they will be thrown out of the court. Within minutes, the entire accused team has been thrown out, and the verdict of guilty is read. The day before his execution, Danton is depressed. Not due to his death, but due to the fact that he feels that he failed the people. “Without me, everything will fall” he says to himself. As each of their hair is cut, they all hang their heads, not only exposing their neck, as if to be chopped off, but also in an air of defeat. When Robespierre finally hears of Danton’s death, he turns ghostly pale, and realizes how he has violated liberty, and the goals of the revolution. His mistress’s nephew, now fully practiced, is finally sent in to recite. As he reads off the Declaration of the Rights of Man and Citizen, Robespierre is fully brought to the reality of what he has done."] ["Three young people are seen ice skating in Gorky Park. Three days later, Soviet militsiya officer Arkady Renko  investigates the discovery of their bodies a short distance from the skating rink. All have been shot in the chest and mouth; their faces and fingerprints have been completely removed. Renko is left anxious and paranoid when the KGB refuse to take over the investigation. Renko enlists the help of Professor Andreev  to reconstruct their faces. During his investigation, Renko crosses paths with William Kirwill , a New York detective who is in the Soviet Union investigating the disappearance of his brother James. At a weekend getaway at the dacha of Chief Prosecutor Iamskoy , Renko also makes the acquaintance of American sable importer Jack Osborne  and his girlfriend Irina Asanova . Renko is eventually able to piece together the victims' identities: James Kirwill, plus two young Russians who were friends with Irina. He discovers that the three were busy constructing a chest for Osborne. Renko's suspicion of Osborne mounts over time, during their polite but tense conversations in social settings. When Irina is attacked by a KGB officer who attempts to inject her with a fatal overdose, Renko saves her. Nursing her back to health in his apartment, they begin an affair. Kirwill finally locates the barn where the three victims were building Osborne's chest. It was designed to smuggle six sables out of the country and break the Russian monopoly on their fur, potentially earning Osborne millions. Irina stubbornly continues to believe that her friends are alive. Osborne had promised to smuggle them out of Russia in return for their work; he tells Irina that they were successfully freed. Renko confronts her with Prof. Andreev's reconstructed head of one of her friends, forcing her to realize that they have been murdered by Osborne. She confesses the full details of the plot to him and then runs away. Renko and Kirwill go to Andreev's to retrieve the second reconstructed head, but a KGB spook emerges with it in a box. They follow him, and Renko is crushed to find they are back at Iamskoy's dacha. They watch from a distance as Osborne and Iamskoy supervise the destruction of the head by the KGB spook. To Kirwill's horror, it is his brother's head. Renko confronts Iamskoy in a bath house. Iamskoy cordially admits that he kept Renko on the case because Osborne was unwilling to pay a high enough price to smuggle out the sables. Renko's investigation was intended to frighten Osborne into paying more. He offers to cut Renko in on Osborne's kickback. Renko reveals that he has recorded the conversation, and Iamskoy jumps up and wrestles Renko for the gun. In the ensuing struggle, Renko's gun goes off and kills him. Osborne flees to Stockholm. The KGB allows Renko to supervise an exchange. He is to receive the sables from Osborne, whereupon everyone will be allowed to walk away. Renko is shown into a bedroom where Irina is waiting for him. She confesses that she fled to Osborne, who has worked her freedom into the deal for the sables. She promises Renko that his freedom can also be part of the deal. Disgusted by her treachery, Renko tells Irina she has blood on her hands. He meets with Kirwill and the two assume that as soon as the exchange is complete, the KGB will kill Irina, Renko and Osborne all at once. The next morning, at a remote farm, Renko and the KGB approach Osborne. They come across the corpse of Kirwill; tied to a tree with his intestines hanging out. Renko is devastated; Osborne then loudly announces that he gutted Kirwill after he killed his dogs. Osborne throws six dead sables onto the field and asks the men to lower their weapons. Renko realizes that neither side will let the other live. When Osborne shoots a man, Renko grabs Irina and runs for cover in the woods. Pribulda then kills the other man before Osborne kills Pribluda in a stand off. Osborne tries to shoot Renko in the woods. Renko finds more live sables in their cages. Irina emerges from the woods and Osborne threatens to kill her if Renko does not surrender. When Renko emerges to give up, Irina shoots Osborne. Renko, too, shoots Osborne before Irina fires multiple rounds, killing him. She asks Renko to go away with her, but Renko reveals he agreed to do the hit on Osborne in return for Irina's safety and freedom from Russia, and that she'd be hunted down and killed if Renko did not return. Renko frees all of the sables, which run off into the woods as we hear Irina's voice repeat Renko's promise that they will meet again one day."] ["Disheartened when his story about Canadian snipers possibly mutilating corpses in Afghanistan is buried, Luke  quits his job but is even more determined to return to Afghanistan to get the real story. With his offbeat buddy, Tom , tagging along, Luke returns to Afghanistan and intends to gather enough evidence to get his old story into print. But he soon finds that the country is an even more dangerous place than when he left. To make matters worse, his old friend and fixer, Mateen  has been hired away by Luke's journalistic nemesis, Imran Sahar . Soon the trip for Luke and Tom in Afghanistan turns into a surreal and perilous adventure, a journey into an alternate reality, filtered through a haze of gun smoke. They encounter Taliban raids, bombings and unfinished business with an Afghanistan businessman. Luke still makes his way through the wilderness with Canadian troops and Arabian guides to find out if his story is true or not. In the end, he realises that the rumour about Canadians mutilating fingers is a lie and that his people still have some morality in this war torn land. Just as he is about to leave, He and Sgt. Rick  come under fire from a Taliban sniper, but the Taliban runs out of bullets and walks off, while Luke thinks he killed him. While they move back to the base, Luke runs into Matteen, where he finds out that they really do share a friendship. The last scene is where Luke decides to go home."] ['Cray Fowler, a young candidate for congress, is filmed with a hooker as blackmail. As he investigates, Fowler discovers some family secrets involving his father and their political careers.'] ['In June 1972, a security guard ([[Frank Wills  at the Watergate complex finds a door kept unlocked with tape. The police arrive where they find and arrest five burglars in the Democratic National Committee headquarters within the complex. The next morning, The Washington Post assigns new reporter Bob Woodward  to the local courthouse to cover the unimportant story. Woodward learns that the five men&mdash;four Cuban-Americans from Miami and James W. McCord, Jr.&mdash;had bugging equipment and have their own "country club" attorney. McCord identifies himself in court as having recently left the Central Intelligence Agency, and the others also have CIA ties. The reporter connects the burglars to E. Howard Hunt, a former employee of the CIA, and President Richard Nixon\'s Special Counsel Charles Colson. Carl Bernstein , another Post reporter, is assigned to cover the Watergate story with Woodward. The two are reluctant partners, but work well together. Executive editor Ben Bradlee  believes their work is incomplete, however, and not worthy of the Posts front page. He encourages them to continue to gather information. Woodward contacts "Deep Throat" , a senior government official and anonymous source he has used in the past. Communicating through copies of The New York Times and a balcony flowerpot, they meet in a parking garage in the middle of the night. Deep Throat speaks in riddles and metaphors about the Watergate break-in, but advises Woodward to "follow the money". Over the next few weeks, Woodward and Bernstein connect the five burglars to thousands of dollars in diverted campaign contributions to Nixon\'s Committee to Re-elect the President . Bradlee and others at the Post dislike the two young reporters\' reliance on unnamed sources like Deep Throat, and wonder why the Nixon administration would break the law when the President is likely to defeat Democratic nominee George McGovern. Through former CREEP treasurer Hugh W. Sloan, Jr. , Woodward and Bernstein connect a slush fund of hundreds of thousands of dollars to White House Chief of Staff H. R. Haldeman&mdash;"the second most important man in this country"&mdash;and former Nixon Attorney General John N. Mitchell, now head of CREEP. They learn that CREEP used the fund to begin a "ratfucking" campaign to sabotage Democratic presidential candidates a year before the Watergate burglary, when Nixon was behind Edmund Muskie in the polls. Bradlee\'s demand for thoroughness forces the reporters to obtain other sources to confirm the Haldeman connection. When the White House issues a non-denial denial of the Posts above-the-fold story, the editor thus continues to support them. Woodward secretly meets with Deep Throat again for more questions where Deep Throat finally reveals that the Watergate break-in was indeed masterminded by Haldeman. Deep Throat also claims that the cover-up was not to hide the other burglaries or of their involvement with CREEP, but to hide the "covert operations" involving "the entire U.S. intelligence community", and warns that Woodward, Bernstein, and others\' lives are in danger. When Woodward and Bernstein relay this to Bradlee, he urges the reporters to continue despite the risk and Nixon\'s re-election. In the final scene, set on January 20, 1973, Bernstein and Woodward type out the full story, with the TV in their office showing Nixon taking the Oath of Office, for his second term as President of the United States, in the foreground. The sound of their typewriter keys blends on the soundtrack with that of the 21-gun-salute at the inauguration, as if to suggest that Woodward and Bernstein are actively "gunning-down" Nixon at that very moment. A montage of Watergate-related teletype headlines from the following years is shown, ending with Nixon\'s resignation and the inauguration of Vice President Gerald Ford on August 9, 1974.'] ['In 1935 a runaway tongyangxi, Zhu Chunhua, takes refuge at an itinerant Yue Opera troupe performing at a Shaoxing village. The head of the troupe, A’Xin, intends to send the girl away, but Yue Opera teacher Xing, seeing her potential, takes Chunhua in as a disciple and trains her. Chunhua signs a deal with the troupe and becomes the performing partner (in a [[Dan  to the teacher’s daughter Yuehong, the latter performing as a xiaosheng. A rich provincial landlord Ni invites Chunhua and Yuehong to sing at his house privately after the troupe reaches his province. He takes an interest in Yuehong; however, Yuehong and her father spurn his interest and as a result, Kuomintang cops forcibly seize Yuehong one day during a performance. Chunhua is also arrested and tied to a pillar for days as “public humiliation”. The two are released after Xing and A’Xin send bribes to the KMT cops. During the Second Sino-Japanese War, Yuehong, Chunhua and the troupe go through hard times. In 1941, Teacher Xing dies of an illness, and troupe master A’Xin sells his two best performers to Tang, a Shanghai opera theater manager, on a three-year contract. Yuehong and Chunhua, now sworn sisters, rapidly become Tang’s biggest stars, causing Tang to forsake his aging star and former lover, Shang Shuihua. Three years elapse. Yuehong and Chunhua are renowned in the city. Chunhua remains down-to-earth but Yuehong grows steadily more materialistic. Sick of having to sing opera for life, Yuehong rashly agrees to Tang\'s proposal, but Chunhua distrusts Tang and refuses to support Yuehong’s marriage plans. Unbeknownst to Yuehong, Tang already has a wife, and is keeping her as a mistress. One day faded ex-star Shang commits suicide by hanging herself backstage. Chunhua is incensed that Tang, her former lover, attempts to shirk his responsibilities by claiming he has nothing to do with her death. Through this episode, Chunhua gets to know a "radical" lady journalist Jiang, who advises her to become "progressive" to teach other Chinese to distinguish between truth and falsehood. She starts performing “progressive” operas like an adaptation of Lu Xun’s ‘’The New Year Sacrifice’’. Chunhua’s works alert the KMT regime who gives Tang the task to ruin Chunhua\'s reputation. They get A’Xin to file a lawsuit against Chunhua and Manager Tang coerces Yuehong to testify against Chunhua, but at the crucial moment in the courtroom, Yuehong faints. The film ends in 1950, one year after the establishment of the People’s Republic of China. Chunhua prepares to perform The White-Haired Girl for country folks at Zhejiang. Tang has run off to Taiwan with the KMT cohort and Yuehong is quietly abandoned at Shaoxing province. Although Yuehong witnesses Chunhua’s drama, she is too ashamed to face her sworn sister again. Near a quay later the day, however, the sisters manage a tearful reunion. On the barge the following day, Yuehong vows to learn her lesson and walk the "correct" path while Chunhua dedicates her entire life to performing revolutionary operas.'] ["John Conroy, a crusading district attorney, is tasked to crack down on a crime syndicate, which proves more dangerous because the mob has many city officials under their control. He's assisted by a newspaper man, Jerry McKibbon, who doesn't think Conroy is tough enough to handle this almost impossible assignment. McKibbon finds his efforts are also compromised by political corruption. McKibbon is eventually shot down by an out-of-town assassin who was hired to kill him at a boxing match. The film is not related to the 1977 ballet drama The Turning Point."] ['Three sorority women at a 1957 Alabama college face the experience and difficulties of ethnic strife and integration. The fictional Randolph University is based on Auburn University, Alabama.'] ['La Chinoise is a loose adaptation of Fyodor Dostoyevsky\'s 1872 novel, The Possessed.{{Citation needed|date"godard70">{{cite book | last1  Colin | first2  | title  | publisher  2005 | pages  February | isbn "godard70"/> The appearance of Francis Jeanson in the film seems to correspond with the character of Stepan Trofimovich Verkhovensky  in The Possessed. Indeed, much like Stepan Trofimovich, Jeanson is an intellectual and philosopher who serves as a kind of father-figure/mentor to Véronique — and his early example as a supporter of terrorism makes him responsible for influencing much of the destruction which is to follow. Eventually, the train arrives at its destination and Véronique sets off to the hotel where the Soviet Minister of Culture is staying. She mistakenly reverses the digits of the room number and ends up killing the wrong man. As in The Possessed, the revolutionary activities of the Aden Arabie cell have proved unsuccessful.'] ['The movie\'s main protagonist is Milan , a Bosnian Serb. At the beginning of the war in Bosnia, his life in his little village with his best friend Halil , a Bosniak, is generally quiet and reminiscent of that of a normal lifestyle in the countryside. He gradually notices that Bosniaks whom he knew in his village are slowly but surely moving out. During the conflict, Milan joins the Bosnian Serb Army and is attached to a squad that includes: * Velja : A career criminal and thief from Belgrade who did most of his "work" in Germany in the late 1980s and early 1990s. On a visit home, he pretended to be his younger brother, knowing full well he\'d be taken to the frontlines, when authorities came to pick up his draft-dodging sibling. He provides the film\'s title. After the squad set a village alight, they watch it burn and he says: "Pretty villages are pretty when they burn. Ugly villages stay ugly, even when they burn."  * Petar "Professor" : A Bosnian Serb school teacher from Banja Luka before the war, he seems to have nostalgic feelings towards Yugoslavia. While some of the others loot houses, he is more interested in literature. He intermittently reads from a burnt diary he found in one of the villages the squad passed through. * Brzi  : An unstable Belgrade junkie, he is the son of a Yugoslav People\'s Army  officer. High on drugs one night he walks to the highway overpass in Belgrade where the people have gathered to cheer on the troops going to war. He jumps off into traffic below only to land in a JNA truck headed towards the Croatian border. It is left ambiguous whether the jump was a suicide attempt. Once on the front lines, he is given an ambulance truck to drive and he now sees his involvement in the war as an attempt to get himself off drugs. He is the only one in the unit who speaks English. * Laza ([[Dragan Petrović : A simpleminded and impressionable family man with old-fashioned values, villager Laza was so outraged by a Serbian TV news-report about atrocities being perpetrated against Serbs that he walked to the nearest highway and hitchhiked to Belgrade to volunteer for combat recruitment. On the way there he vents his anger to the truck driver that picked him up, telling him among other things "never again shall a German or Turk set foot here", completely unaware that the person behind the wheel is a Turkish trucker driving through Serbia. * Viljuška  : A Chetnik sympathizer from a rural area in central Serbia whose only motive for signing up for war was looking out for his best man Laza. He is nicknamed Fork because he carries a fork around his neck symbolizing Serbian sophistication in the 14th century and compares Serbian kings to English and German kings at the time, who he says ate using their hands. He is very cheerful and jovial until Laza dies. * Marko  : A young man who appears to be about 18 years old. He is often foolish and desperately seeking the approval of his squad-members. He is shown to be very fond of foreign culture; he drew a graffiti of a Serb three-finger salute with the caption saying "Srbija do Tokija"  in an ethnically cleansed Bosniak house, later holding a Confederate flag when leaving the Bosniak village sitting on top of an OT M-60, and he always wear a headband with the Chinese character for "dragon"  on it. * Gvozden : The squad\'s captain, and a professionally trained JNA officer. Although fighting for the Serbian side against the Muslims , in his heart he\'s still a loyalist to Yugoslavia and its ideals. He walked 350&nbsp;km to attend Tito\'s funeral in 1980. He has past history with the Bosniak squad\'s leader as they both served together in the JNA. * Liza Linel : Liza is an American reporter for the CBC News, looking for stories at the front lines. She snuck into Speedy\'s medical truck before he drove it into the tunnel. Milan is generally dissatisfied with the way the war is being conducted and is disturbed by the fact that profiteers are looting and burning his best friend Halil\'s property. Milan shoots three of the profiteers, wounding them and is shocked that the nearby kafana owner Slobo  is with them. Milan is later told by the kafana owner that his mother has been killed by Bosniaks from Halil\'s squad. As the movie progresses, Milan and his squad are ambushed and encircled by a group of Bosniak fighters. Seeing that there is no way around the issue, Milan decides to tell his surviving squad mates about a tunnel he was scared of entering as a child. The squad enters the tunnel and engages in a firefights with the Bosniak fighters. They are joined by Brzi and Liza. The squad stays inside the cave for a week and slowly but surely the soldiers snap, one by one they try to leave the tunnel and they are killed or wounded for it. Meanwhile, each of them have flashbacks as to what brought each of them into this situation. After their force has been whittled down substantially, Gvozden drives the truck out of the tunnel; the truck explodes killing both Gvozden and the Bosniak fighters, and opening the way out. The movie\'s climax is when Milan and Halil meet outside at the tunnel\'s exit and openly ask each other a few important questions. Halil asks who burned down his shop while Milan asks who killed his mother; both men deny each of the actions. Halil is then killed by a Serbian artillery strike. Milan, Petar and Brzi escape and all three are sent to the Belgrade Military Hospital, where Brzi dies.  Although the film has highly non-linear structure, most consider it easy to follow. The story is told in several time periods, which cut back and forth: * 1971 – The prologue is done as a faux newsreel, showing the opening of the Tunnel of Brotherhood and Unity by visiting local dignitary Džemal Bijedić on 27 June 1971. * 1980 – Milan and Halil are young boys, and this thread shows their childhood friendship set somewhere in the rural Eastern Bosnia. Though the specific village is not mentioned by name it\'s assumed to be somewhere in the Drina valley . * Late 1980s/early 1990s – Milan and Halil open an auto-repair shop in the village. * 1992 – Referenced in the film as "the first day of the war", this probably takes place on March 2, as the kafana owner reads about the shooting of Nikola Gardović in Sarajevo  in the Večernje novosti newspaper. * 1994 – The main thrust of the film, in which the squad is pinned down in the tunnel. * 1994  – Milan and the Professor, as well as an unconscious Speedy, are in a military hospital in Belgrade. In addition, there is a prologue and epilogue: * Epilogue – 21 July 1999. This is also supposedly a newsreel, showing the re-opening of the reconstructed tunnel under the new name – Tunnel of Peace. Finally, there is a scene outside the main narrative of the film in which the young Milan and Halil enter the tunnel to find out it is full of dead bodies. Two of those bodies are themselves , symbolizing their fates sealed in this tunnel.'] ["Lagaan takes place in the town of Champaner, now in the State of Gujarat, in western India during the height of the British Empire in India in 1893. Captain Andrew Russell , the commanding officer of the Champaner cantonment, has imposed high taxes  on people from the local villages which they are unable to pay due to a prolonged drought. Led by Bhuvan , the villagers beg Raja Puran Singh  to help them. He tells them that much to his regret, he is also bound by British law. It is after their visit to the Raja that the people of the village first witness a cricket match. Bhuvan mocks the game and gets into a fight with one of the British officers. Taking an instant dislike to Bhuvan, Russell offers to cancel the taxes of the whole province for three years if the villagers can beat his men in a game of cricket. If the villagers lose, however, they will have to pay three times the amount of their normal taxes. Bhuvan accepts this wager on the behalf of all villages without their consent. When the other villagers find out about the bet, they are furious with Bhuvan. He argues that it is important for everyone to fight against British rule. Bhuvan thus begins to prepare the villagers for the match. He initially finds only five people willing to join the team. He is aided in his efforts by Russell's sister Elizabeth  who feels that her brother has mistreated the people in the villages. As she teaches them the rules of the game, she falls in love with Bhuvan, much to the anguish of Gauri  who is also in love with him. After Bhuvan reassures Gauri of his feelings for her, the woodcutter Lakha  becomes enraged as he is also in love with Gauri. In an attempt to discredit Bhuvan, Lakha offers himself as a spy for Russell and joins the villager's team in order to destroy it. Eventually, as the villagers realise that winning equals freedom, and as a few of them are insulted by the British, they join the team. Still short one player, Bhuvan also invites an untouchable, Kachra , who can bowl leg spin. The villagers, conditioned by longterm prejudice against untouchables, refuse to play if Kachra joins the team. Bhuvan chastises the villagers, leading them to accept Kachra. The second half of the film focuses on the match itself. On the first day, Russell wins the toss and elects to bat, giving the British officers a strong start. Bhuvan brings Kachra into the match only to find that Kachra has lost his ability to spin the ball. In addition, as part of his agreement with Russell, Lakha deliberately drops many catches. During the evening, however, Elizabeth sees Lakha meeting with her brother. She races to the village and informs Bhuvan of Lakha's deception. Rather than allow the villagers to kill him, Bhuvan offers Lakha the chance to redeem himself. The next day as part of his promise to Bhuvan, Lakha takes a diving one-handed catch. However the British score almost 300 runs, losing only three wickets by the lunch break. Kachra is brought back to bowl and takes a hat-trick which sparks the British batting collapse. The villagers soon start their innings. Bhuvan and Deva  give their team a solid start. Deva misses out on his half-century when a straight-drive from Bhuvan ricochets off the bowler's hand onto the stumps at the non-striker's end, while Deva was backing up too far. When Lakha comes on to bat, he is hit by a bouncer on his head, and he falls on to his stumps. Other batsmen get out trying to score a boundary off each delivery. Ismail , a good batsman, retires hurt as he is hit on his leg. The villager's team ends the day with 5 batsmen out of action with less than half of the required runs on board. On the third and final day, Bhuvan passes his century, while most of the later wickets fall. Ismail returns to bat with the help of a runner and reduces the required runs to a gettable total. The game comes down to the last over with Kachra on strike. With one ball remaining and the team down 5 runs, Kachra knocks the ball a short distance, managing only a single. However, the umpire signals no ball and Bhuvan returns to bat, and swings extremely hard at the next ball. Captain Russell backpedals and catches the ball, leading him to believe the British team has won. However, Russell caught the ball beyond the boundary which gives 6 runs, and the win, to Bhuvan's team. At that moment, the drought ends as a rainstorm erupts. Bhuvan's defeat of the British team leads to the disbanding of the humiliated cantonment. In addition, Russell is forced to pay the taxes for the whole province and is transferred to Central Africa. After realizing that Bhuvan loves Gauri, Elizabeth returns to London. Heartbroken, she remains unmarried for the rest of her life. Bhuvan marries Gauri."] ['In 1918 a young and simple Mongol herdsman and trapper is cheated out of a valuable fox fur by a European capitalist fur trader. Ostracized from the trading post, he escapes to the hills after brawling with the trader who cheated him. In 1920 he becomes a Soviet partisan, and helps the partisans fight for the Soviets against the occupying British army. However he is captured by the British when they try to requisition cattle from the herdsmen at the same time as the commandant meets with a reincarnated Grand Lama. After the trapper is shot, the army discovers an amulet that suggests he is a direct descendant of Genghis Khan. They find him still alive, so the army restores his health and plans to use him as the head of a puppet regime. The trapper is thus thrust into prominence as he is placed in charge of the puppet government. By the end, however, the "puppet" turns against his masters in an outburst of fury. Historical inaccuracy It has been pointed out " that the English never had been in Mongolia, and  that what the cunning Englishmen were doing in the film, the cunning Russians were doing in real life."Otto Mänchen-Helfen, Journey to Tuva, Los Angeles 1992 , p.208 Unlike "October 1917" or "The Battleship Potemkin", which are about revolutions in European Russia, "Storm Over Asia" concerns itself with the British occupation of Southeastern Siberia and Northern Tibet. The British and the French had supported Russia on a massive scale with war materials. After the treaty, it looked like much of that material would fall into the hands of the Germans. Under this pretext began allied intervention in the Russian Civil War with the United Kingdom and France sending troops into Russian ports. There were violent confrontations with troops loyal to the Bolsheviks.'] ["The film opens in 1950 with Pu Yi's re-entry into the just-proclaimed People's Republic of China as a political prisoner and war criminal, having been captured by the Red Army when the Soviet Union entered the Pacific War in 1945  and been in their custody for the past five years. Puyi attempts suicide, which only renders him unconscious. In a flashback, apparently triggered as a dream, Puyi relives his first entry, with his wet nurse at his side, into the Forbidden City. The next section of the film is a series of chronological flashbacks showing Puyi's early life: from his royal upbringing, to the tumultuous period of the early Chinese Republic, to his subsequent exile, his Japanese-supported puppet reign of Manchukuo, and then his capture by the Soviet army — all of which are intermixed with flash-forwards portraying his prison life. Under the “Communist re-education program” for political prisoners, Puyi is coerced by his interrogators to formally renounce his forced collaboration with the Imperial Japanese invaders for war crimes during their occupation of China during the war. Finally, after a heated discussion with the camp commandant and upon watching a propaganda film detailing the wartime atrocities committed by the Japanese, Puyi recants his previous stance and is set free and rehabilitated by the government in 1958. The concluding section of the film ends with a flash-forward to the mid-1960s during the Mao cult and the beginning of the Cultural Revolution. By now, Puyi has become a simple gardener who lives a peasant proletarian existence. On his way home from work, he happens upon a Red Guard parade, complete with children playing pentatonic music on accordions en masse and dancers who dance the rejection of landlordism by the Communists. His prison camp commander, his only friend during his incarceration, is forced to wear a dunce cap and a sandwich board bearing punitive slogans, and is one of the political prisoners now punished as an anti-revolutionary in the parade. Puyi later visits the Forbidden City as an ordinary tourist. There he meets an assertive little boy wearing the red scarf of the Pioneer Movement. The young Communist orders Puyi to step away from the throne. However, Puyi proves to the boy that he is indeed the Son of Heaven, proceeding to approach the throne. There, Puyi discovers the 60 year old pet cricket he kept as a child and gives it to the child. Amazed by the gift, the boy turns to talk to Puyi, but the emperor has disappeared. The film ends with a tour guide leading a tour in front of the throne, where the guide sums up Puyi's life in a few, brief sentences, concluding that he died in 1967."] ['Priyappetta Nattukare is a political thriller film. Kalabhavan Mani is a communist party activist and Bala is the activist of their opposition party. The political fights between the two forms the story.'] ['{{plot}}  A large castle is being used by the US Government as an insane asylum for military personnel. Among the many patients there is a former astronaut, Billy Cutshaw, who aborted a moon launch and was dragged screaming from the capsule. Colonel Kane, a former member of a United States Marine Corps special unit, arrives at the castle to take over the treatment of the patients. He meets Colonel Fell, who helps Kane acclimate himself to the eccentricities of the patients. Kane pays special attention to Cutshaw, repeatedly asking him why he didn\'t want to go to the moon. Cutshaw refuses to answer, but instead gives him a St. Christopher medal. After meeting with several of the patients, Kane falls asleep in his office. He has a nightmare, and when recounting it he explains to Fell that they are another man\'s nightmares, a former patient\'s. The patient was a soldier who had told Kane he had severed a Vietnamese boy\'s head with a wire trap and the boy was still talking when the soldier found it. Fell asks who the man was, and Kane responds that it was his brother, who is a "murderer". Kane asks if Fell has heard of Vincent "Killer" Kane, a guerrilla soldier who was personally responsible for killing dozens of enemies. Kane says "Killer" Kane was the soldier who told him the story, but was now dead. Later, Cutshaw talks with another patient about Kane. Cutshaw suspects that Kane is actually crazy himself. He asserts that psychiatrists often go crazy and have the highest suicide rate of any profession. Cutshaw goes to talk with Kane again, and they debate God and the idea that there is a divine plan. Kane, who believes that the existence of a God is far more likely than humanity having emerged from "random chance", tries to argue that deeds of pure self-sacrifice are proof of human goodness, which can only be explained by divine purpose. Cutshaw demands that Kane recall one concrete example of pure self-sacrifice from his personal experience. Kane can not. Cutshaw convinces Kane to take him to a church service, and while there he interrupts the service with several outbursts. Looking at an altar boy, Kane momentarily sees a Vietnamese boy. After returning to the castle, Cutshaw thanks Kane and asks him to send him a sign as proof of an afterlife should Kane die first. Kane promises to try. A new patient is scheduled to arrive at the castle and Kane goes to meet him. Kane instantly recognizes the soldier, who calls him "Killer Kane." Kane then flashes back to Vietnam as the soldier stumbles upon Kane, who is kneeling on the ground and muttering that he cut a boy\'s head off with a wire, but the boy "kept on talking". Insisting that they need to leave, the soldier advances on Kane, whom he sees is holding a severed head in his hands. Kane screams and the flashback ends. Kane collapses, unconscious. Finding out what happened, Fell then explains to the staff that Kane really is Vincent "Killer" Kane, and had suffered a breakdown in Vietnam. When Fell, who is actually Kane\'s brother Hudson, was dispatched back to America, Kane received the dispatch by accident. Kane convinced himself that he wasn\'t "Killer" Kane, and was instead a healer - like his brother. Subconsciously hoping to heal people to make up for his "murders" Kane returned to the US as his brother. Realizing Kane\'s mental state, the Army psychiatric staff maintained the charade and sent him to Fell\'s hospital under the pretext of being its commanding officer. In reality, Fell has been the commanding officer all along. Kane awakens and remembers nothing of the incident. Cutshaw escapes the castle and visits a bar. A biker gang recognizes Cutshaw from news reports of the aborted moon launch and begins brutalizing him. A waitress contacts the hospital and Kane, who arrives at the bar to retrieve him. Kane humbles himself to the bikers in order to get Cutshaw out of there, but the bikers are disgusted by his "cowardly" behavior. The gang brutalize and tries to rape Cutshaw. Kane then snaps and kills most of the bikers with his bare hands. Kane and Cutshaw return to the castle, and the police arrive to arrest Kane for the murders at the bar. Cutshaw visits Kane, who has wrapped himself in a blanket. Dreamy and distant, Kane disjointedly mumbles to Cutshaw about God and proof of human goodness before passing out. As Cutshaw leaves, Kane\'s hand emerges from his blankets and drops a bloody knife. Outside Kane\'s room, Cutshaw notices a spot of blood on his shoe. Rushing back in, Cutshaw discovers that Kane has died, sacrificing his own life in an attempt to provide Cutshaw the concrete example of human goodness which he was unable to demonstrate earlier. Some time later, Cutshaw  has returned to uniform and visits the now-abandoned castle. He sits in Kane\'s office and reads a note written to him by Kane shortly before his death. Kane writes that he hopes his death will "shock" Cutshaw back into sanity, but at any rate, he now has his one example of self-sacrifice. Cutshaw returns to his car and discovers a Saint Christopher\'s medal has somehow appeared on the seat. He turns it over to confirm whether it was the one he gave to Kane and silently rejoices at what he sees.'] ['Joe Pace, a radio talk show host whose program, The F Word, is being shut down by the U.S. Federal Communications Commission  after racking up over $1 million in unpaid indecency fines. On his last day on the air, which coincides with the last day of the 2004 Republican National Convention, Joe sets off to broadcast his own one-man march through Manhattan.'] ["Cheng is a Chinese man from Guangdong who has moved to Thailand to live with his uncle. He works in an ice factory with his cousins. When a block of ice is accidentally broken, a bag of white powder falls out. Several of Cheng's cousins are asked to stay to see the manager, who tells them there are better jobs for them. The factory is really a front for a drug smuggling ring led by the Big Boss, Hsiao Mi. When they refuse to cooperate, they are killed and their bodies disposed of. Two more cousins, Hsu Chien and Ah Pei, go to Hsiao Mi's house to ask about their brothers. They realize he is hiding something and try to inform the police but Hsiao Mi has them killed. When the men at the factory realize two more men have gone missing, they riot. To ease tensions, the Big Boss now makes Cheng a foreman, providing him with alcohol and prostitutes. When one of the prostitutes tells Cheng the truth, he breaks into the factory at night and finds his cousins' bodies. He is discovered by the gangsters. Cheng fights his way out, killing the Big Boss's son Hsiao Chiun in the process. When he returns home, he finds his entire family has been murdered. He exacts revenge by killing Hsiao Mi in a final fight. He then surrenders to the Thai police, who arrive shortly after he has disposed of the Big Boss."] ['It was 1920 in the southwest West Virginia coal fields, and, as the narrator recalls, "things were tough." In response to efforts by miners to organize into a labor union, the Stone Mountain Coal Company announces it will cut the pay miners receive, and will be importing replacement workers into town to replace those who join the union. The new workers are African Americans from Alabama and are coming in on the train, but the train is stopped outside town and the black men are told to get off. Derided as "scabs", they are then attacked by the local miners, but manage to get back on the train and continue their journey. Witnessing the attack is Joe Kenehan , a passenger on the train and an organizer for the United Mine Workers. He arrives in Matewan and takes up residence at a boarding house run by a coal miner\'s widow, Elma Radnor , and her 15-year-old son, Danny , who is also a miner and a budding Baptist preacher.  As Danny goes to preach that night at the Missionary church , Kenehan goes to meet the miners, who quiz him on his bona fides . Kenehan says he was once a member of the "Wobblies" and wins the tentative confidence of the men. One of the black miners, called Few Clothes, bravely comes to meet the union men and declares that while he can not help it if white people call him a "nigger", he takes vigorous exception to being called a "scab". Kenehan then explains to the local miners that accepting the blacks and the Italian miners is what the union is all about. If all the men are united and refuse to work, the company will not be able to operate, he says. Kenehan and the local leader, Sephus, then go around to meet the rest of the black miners as well as the contingent of Italians and try to bring them into the union, and are met with reluctance. But later, caught between the company\'s guns and the local miners, the blacks and the Italians throw down their coal shovels and take up the union cause. C. E. Lively, an agent provocateur for the coal company who has infiltrated the union, tries to goad the miners towards violence, which Kenehan says will only weaken their cause. The infiltrator also pens a note to the Baldwin–Felts Detective Agency, which provides armed agents as strike breakers to the coal company, saying there is a "Red" organizer in town. The next day, two Baldwin–Felts men, Hickey and Griggs, show up in town and take up residence at the Radnor boarding house. Danny at first refuses to give rooms to Hickey and Griggs, but Kenehan voluntarily moves to the hotel, freeing up a room for the two men and averting trouble for Mrs. Radnor. Hicky and Griggs then start their campaign against the union by forcibly evicting miners from company-owned houses in town. Mayor Testerman and Police Chief Sid Hatfield refuse to let them be evicted without eviction writs from Charleston. Hatfield deputizes all the men in town and tells them to go home and come back with their guns. The Baldwin–Felts men then turn their attention on the strikers\' camp outside town, where the miners and their families are living in tents. At night, the armed strikebreakers fire shots into the camp, injuring some strikers. The next day, they enter the camp to demand that all food and clothing purchased at the company store with scrip be turned over to them. But then some armed foothill people, whose land was taken by the coal company, enter the camp. Expressing disdain for the noise caused by the gunmen\'s automobile the night before, their presence and sympathy for the miners compels the Baldwin–Felts men to leave empty handed. One of the hill people was carrying a caplock rifle and when asked mockingly by a departing Baldwin–Felts agent if it was a relic from the Spanish–American War, he replied, "Nope, War Between the States". The slow arrival of the union\'s thinly stretched strike funds tests the patience of Danny and other miners who become disillusioned and turn to violence in spite of Kenehan\'s warnings. The miners are involved in a night-time shootout with the agents and Sephus is wounded. He is rescued by some hill people but not before he recognizes Lively as the infiltrator. Lively tries to drive a wedge between Kenehan and the miners by convincing a young widow, Bridey Mae Tolliver, to falsely accuse Kenehan of sexual assault, and he plants a letter which makes Kenehan appear to be the infiltrator. Danny Radnor overhears Hickey and Griggs talking about the scheme but is caught and held by the two men. The agents intend to keep a watchful eye on Danny, but become drunk and are not paying attention that night when Danny, while preaching at the Freewill church, relates a parable about Joseph that convinces the miners that they have been deceived by a false story. One of the miners hurries to find Few Clothes at the camp, who had drawn the short straw of who would kill Kenehan for his assumed treachery. Few Clothes tells Kenehan he is there to guard him when he comments on the gun the black miner has. Asked whether he knows how to use it, Few Clothes says yes, that he was in the Spanish–American War of 1898. Kenehan tells him that he was in Fort Leavenworth Military Penitentiary in 1917, and saw Mennonites imprisoned for refusing to bear arms passively resist having their beards shaved and rip the buttons off their prison clothes, since all these were against their religion. They were punished by being handcuffed to cell bars for eight hours per day, until the cuffs had cut into their wrists and caused gangrene. Despite it all, they ripped off re-sewn buttons with their teeth, not one giving up. Kenehan says he never saw braver men, and ironically they were in there for refusing to fight. This tale of bravery and injustice leaves Few Clothes conflicted and unsure about his mission to execute Kenehan. Another miner arrives and tells Few Clothes the truth and Kenehan\'s execution is called off just in time. Meanwhile, Sephus has made his way back to town and informed the others of Lively\'s betrayal, furiously burning down his restaurant. Lively flees town by swimming across the Tug Fork River. Later, Hillard Elkins, a young man and a friend of Danny\'s is kidnapped by the Baldwin–Felts agents. Elkins is tortured and promised freedom if he gives up the names of five union miners. After Elkins gives five names, one of the agents kills him anyway. Lively has rejoined the Baldwin–Felts agents and he recognizes the names as those of men who had died in a mine fire years earlier. The situation between the Baldwin–Felts men and Chief Hatfield reaches critical mass with the arrival of reinforcements with orders to carry out the evictions. The mayor tries to negotiate as Kenehan comes running to try and stop the fight. The sudden movement sets off a climactic gunfight between the exposed mercenaries and the armed townspeople firing from barricades and rooftops. Hatfield shoots two men and survives the battle, but Kenehan is killed and the mayor is shot in the stomach. Griggs is brought down, while Hickey escapes to Radnor\'s boarding house, where, he is shot and killed by Mrs. Radnor. Seven Baldwin–Felts men and two townspeople are ultimately killed. In the epilogue, the narrator , recounted that Mayor Testerman succumbed to his wounds and the mayor\'s wife married Sid Hatfield. But, Chief Hatfield was later gunned down in broad daylight on the steps of the McDowell County Courthouse in Welch, with Lively stepping up to deliver the coup de grâce.'] ["Set in the summer of 2000, Mona , a young Druze woman living at Majdal Shams in the Golan Heights, is about to marry a successful Syrian actor. Following the hostilities between Israel and Syria there is now the demilitarised UNDOF zone between occupied Golan and Syria observed by United Nations staff. Crossing of the zone is extremely rare as it is only granted by both sides under special circumstances. It has taken 6 months to obtain permission from the Israeli administration for Mona to leave the Golan. When Mona crosses she will not be able to return to her family on the Golan even to visit. Mona is a bit hesitant also because she doesn't know her husband-to-be. Her father Hammed  openly supports the reunification with Syria and has just been released on bail from an Israeli prison. For this personal sacrifice he is respected by the elders of the village — yet when there is word that his son Hattem  who has married Evelyna , a Russian doctor, breaking with Druze tradition, is returning to see his sister off, they make it clear to the father that they will shun him too if he allows Hattem to come to the wedding. Mona's sister Amal  is unhappily married and has two daughters who are almost grown up. She is considered a somewhat free spirit as she and her daughters wear trousers. Now she is even considering training as a social worker. Her elder daughter wants to marry the son of a pro-Israeli villager. Amal's husband feels put in an awkward position, as tradition demands that the male head of the family controls the other members of the family to act in a socially acceptable manner. Amal is seen advising her daughter not to give up her studies irrespective of whatever pressures she may face from the family or society. This gives insight into Amal's persona. The second brother, Marwan , is a shady merchant doing deals in Italy and obviously a womanizer. Yet nobody seems to object to his slightly unsettled lifestyle — quite a contrast to his brother who is only greeted by his mother and siblings. Then, after the wedding feast, the bride is escorted to the border where her emigration runs into trouble, as the Israeli government has just decided to stamp the passports of Golan residents bound for Syria as leaving Israel. The Syrian officials still regard the Golan as part of Syria under foreign occupation, and a stamp like that is viewed as an underhanded ploy by the Israelis to force the Syrian side to implicitly acknowledge the annexation.  So the UN liaison officer Jeanne goes back and forth until the Israeli official who put the stamp into the passport in the first place finally agrees to erase it with some correction fluid. Yet just as the problem seems to have been peacefully resolved, the solution is threatened by a change of position on the Syrian side. In the end when it looks as if the wedding will be delayed at least for some days , the bride takes matters into her own hands. In our final view of her, she is walking with energy and determination toward the Syrian border; at the same time Amal walks away from the group with a determined face as if she would shatter the invisible fences which prevent her from pursuing her dreams."] ["During the end of the 19th century, young Metello decides to start a new life after the sudden loss of his parents. He meets a young girl, Ersilia. They get married and have a son. Metello becomes involved in a political activity at work and is arrested. He then lies that he won't be involved in the activity anymore, and as a result, has to flee town. He arrives at his new destination, and meets Viola, a middle-aged school teacher. He then has an affair with her, and as a result, she gives birth to his daughter. Towards the end of the film, Metello realizes that he really belongs back home with Ersilia."] ['The film tells the story of an attempted Russian infiltration of American industr, and includes a depiction of the "nationalization of women" under Bolshevism, including "extras on horseback, rounding up women, throwing them into dungeons and beating them."Brownlow, 260 College graduate John King  is sympathetic to the left in a general way. Then he is seduced, both romantically and politically, by Sophia Guerni , a female agitator. Her superior is the Bolshevik Boris Blotchi , who has a "wild dream of planting the scarlet seed of terrorism in American soil."Brownlow, 263 Sofia and Boris turn their attention to the Weston shipyards that are managed by John\'s childhood sweetheart. The workers have valid grievances, but the Bolsheviks set out to manipulate the situation. They are "the dangerous element following in the wake of labor as riffraff and ghouls follow an army."Brownlow, 263 When they threaten John\'s earlier love, he has an epiphany and renounces revolutionary doctrine.Brownlow, 263'] ['In Bhind in 1968,Let us Know Someting About It In Detail. The real life Phoolan Devi was born in 1963 and was married when she was about 11. See Phoolan Devi for more details Phoolan is married to a twenty-something fellow called Puttilal . Though child marriages are customary during that time, Phoolan\'s mother Moola  objects to the timing of the match. Phoolan\'s aging father Devideen  mercilessly agrees, and Phoolan is sent off with Puttilal. Phoolan is exposed to some sexual and exploitative abuses, including the caste system.  Puttilal is physically and sexually abusive, and Phoolan eventually runs away and returns home. As Phoolan grows older, she faces incidents of  fondling and groping from the Thakur men . At the next town meeting, the panchayat wield their patriarhcal authority to banish Phoolan from the village, since she will not consent to the sexual advances of the higher caste males, who treat her like sub-human chattel. Accordingly, Phoolan leaves with her cousin Kailash . En route to another village, she encounters a troop of dakus  of the Babu Gujjar gang, led by Vikram Mallah Mastana . Phoolan stays with Kailash for a while, but is eventually compelled to leave. Angry and hopeless, Phoolan goes to the local cops , but she is beaten, molested, and arrested by the cops, who rape her while in custody. The Thakurs put up bail and have her released. But, unknown to her, the bail is a bribe , and Babu Gujjar arrives to collect his prize. In May 1979, Phoolan is abducted by Babu Gujjar . Gujjar is a ruthless, imposingly-statured mercenary. Although Gujjar\'s lieutenant Vikram is sympathetic towards Phoolan, Gujjar indiscriminately brutalizes and humiliates her, until one day Vikram catches him raping her  and shoots him in the head. Vikram takes over the gang, and his empathy for Phoolan eventually grows into a mutually respectful mature adult relationship. Around this time, Phoolan revisits her former husband Puttilal, and with Vikram\'s help, abducts him and exacts her justice for his rape and abuse, beating him up. She shares her closure with Vikram. All goes well until Thakur Shri Ram  is released from prison. Thakur Shri Ram is the real gang leader . Shri Ram returns to his gang and while Vikram receives him with respect, Shri Ram bristles at Vikram\'s egalitarian leadership style and covets Phoolan. In August 1980, Shri Ram arranges to have Vikram assassinated, and abducts Phoolan, bringing her to the village of Behmai. Phoolan is repeatedly raped and beaten by Shri Ram and by the rest of the gang members, as punishment for her "disrespect" for his previous advances, and for her audacity at being an equal. The stunning and disturbing final humiliation and punishment is that she is stripped, paraded around Behmai, beaten and sent to fetch water from the well . A severely traumatised Phoolan returns to her cousin Kailash. She recovers gradually, and seeks out Man Singh , an old friend of Vikram Mallah. Man Singh brings her to another large gang, led by Baba Mustakim . She relates her history to Baba and asks him for some men and weapons to form a gang. Baba Mustakim agrees, and Man Singh and Phoolan become the leaders for the new gang. Phoolan leads her new gang with courage, generosity, humility and shrewdness. Her stockpile and her legend grows. She becomes known as Phoolan Devi, the bandit queen. In February 1981, Baba Mustakim informs her of a large wedding in Behmai, with Thakur Shri Ram in attendance. As Phoolan departs, Baba Mustakim warns her to remain low key. Phoolan attacks the wedding party and her gang exacts revenge from the entire Thakur clan of Behmai. They round up the men and beat them up. Many of the men are finally shot. This act of vengeance brings her to the attention of the national law enforcement authorities . The top police officials now begin a massive manhunt for Phoolan, and Thakur Shri Ram relishes the opportunity to come to their aid. The manhunt claims many lives in Phoolan\'s gang. They are ultimately forced to hide out in the rugged ravines of Chambal without any food or water. Phoolan evaluates her options and decides to surrender. Her terms are to have her remaining mates protected and provided for . The film ends with Phoolan\'s surrender in February 1983. The end credits indicate that all the charges against her were withdrawn , and that she was released in 1994.'] ["{{quote}} The plot is based on a true story: in 1999, during the NATO bombing of Yugoslavia, a train containing American radar equipment required in Kosovo, guarded by a small troop of American and Romanian soldiers, went through Romania and was stopped for four days in a small village on the Bărăgan Plain because some customs papers were missing, even though the train had been authorised to pass through Romania by its Prime Minister. In the movie, the train is stopped several days in the village of Căpâlniţa by the chief of the train station, Doiaru, who is corrupt and routinely steals goods from the trains which go through his station. He forces the train to move onto a secondary track until the paperwork is produced. The Americans try in vain to get the Romanian government to sort out the paperwork, but the responsibility is passed from one ministry to the other and as a result, their departure is delayed. Periodic flashbacks take the audience back to Doiaru's childhood, when his parents, who were factory owners, awaited the coming of the Americans at the end of World War 2. As his father was considered a German supporter, Doiaru's family dreaded the arrival of the Russians. However, the Russians arrived first and they took away Doiaru's parents and he never saw them again. The first Americans to arrive in the village after the war are the very soldiers on the train in 1999. The mayor of the village tries to make the Americans' stay enjoyable and invites them to the 100th anniversary of the founding of the village, even though such a feast was celebrated only a few months before. Doiaru's daughter, Monica, develops a crush on an American soldier, but as she knows no English, she uses the help of a local geek, Andrei, who is in love with her. The mayor and the rest of the villagers are incited into revolting against Doiaru and start a riot, during the course of which the train leaves and Doiaru dies. An ending note says that the radar was installed two hours after the ceasefire with Yugoslavia was signed, and the final scene shows Monica and Andrei meeting in Bucharest in 2004."] ["The film tells the story of Nick Rinaldi , who has spent his life in one New Jersey city, getting a free ride from his well-connected father  and hearing the locals talk of his brother's death in Vietnam. He's usually high on drink and drugs. As Rinaldi searches for more self-control, he quits the contractor's job provided by his father, feeling that major events are about to happen in his life. By the film's end his life will change, as will the lives of many others."] ["Bhagat Singh was born in British India in 1907. As a child he witnessed numerous atrocities committed on fellow Indians by their British rulers, who came to trade under the guise of the East India Company, but ended up controlling most of the nation, and permitting tyrants such as General Reginald Dyer to massacre thousands of innocent men, women and children in Jallianwala Bagh. As a child he was impressed by Mohandas K. Gandhi, especially his call to launch the non-cooperation movement, which led to thousands of people burning British-made clothing, giving up school, college studies, and government jobs &mdash; only to be let down by Gandhi when he called off the movement. Undaunted, Bhagat Singh  decided to be a revolutionary, starting with getting into petty fights, then as a grown-up joining the Hindustan Republic Association. His father, Kishan, paid Rs.60,000/- and bailed him out, so that he could get him to run a dairy-farm and get married to a girl named Manavali. When Lala Lajpat Rai was beaten to death by the police, Bhagat, with Shivaram Rajguru, Sukhdev, and others daringly carried out the assassination of a police officer named Saunders, which eventually led to Bhagat's arrest. He was lodged in a cell, tortured and beaten mercilessly. But being a revolutionary was in Bhagat's blood: When the British proposed the Trade Disputes and Public Safety Bills, he initiated the bombing in the Indian Parliament Building, with Batukeshwar Dutt, was arrested, and tried in an open court. This is where Bhagat launched his much-publicized revolution, and became popular with the masses, especially the younger generation, laborers, and farmers, so much so that his popularity rivaled that of Gandhi himself. Even in Lahore prison, Bhagat made headline news when he and other prisoners undertook a 63-day fast unto death to improve the conditions of Indian freedom-fighter prisoners. Then the British re-opened the Saunders' murder case, which led to death sentences being imposed on Bhagat, Shivram, and Sukhdev. The entire nation rose up in protest, including the Congress party &mdash; with the ball in Gandhi's court &mdash; for he was due to sign the Irwin Pact, and Indians hoped that he would use this as a bargaining chip to save the lives of the heroic trio."] ["The film follows the life of Jinnah, the founder of Pakistan . When Jinnah dies, he is taken to a heavenly anteroom where a decision will be made on his fate, but his file has gone missing, and the Guide must question him about his life to fill in his story. He tells of the key point in 1947, when India was about to get independence from Britain, and Jinnah advocated a separate nation in which the Muslims will be in the majority. Mohandas Karamchand Gandhi suggests Jinnah be made prime minister of the new India, as a compromise, but Jinnah rejects his suggestion and Nehru is handed the job. Jinnah's nemesis is Lord Louis Mountbatten, the British viceroy who opposes the idea of Pakistan. As well as this historical turning point, Jinnah recalls his youth, and formative relationships with his sister Fatima and his marriage to a former Parsi converted to Islam before marriage."] ['Siegmund Breitbart  is the son of an Orthodox Jewish blacksmith in rural Poland. He is fantastically strong, largely from working at hard labor all day. A talent agent sees how strong Breitbart is in his Jewish shtetl home and convinces him to move to Berlin where he can find work as a strongman. Hanussen , an epic con-man and supposed mystic, runs a cabaret variety show. Hanussen gives Breitbart a blonde wig and a Nordic helmet and calls him "Ziegfried" so as to identify him with the Aryan notion of physical superiority. This appeals to the largely Nazi clientele, and he is a big hit. This is a dark comedy but is as much so a deeply dramatic story, involving the mainly secular Jews of Berlin. Included is interaction between Breitbart, an attractive stage musician Marta, their boss who abuses her Hanussen and some very top level Nazis. Ultimately Breitbart becomes disgusted and dismayed. A visit from Breitbart\'s young brother, Benjamin , convinces Breitbart to be proud of his Jewish heritage, and so, without warning, he takes off the blonde wig in the middle of his act and announces that he is not an "Aryan" and calls himself a new Jewish Samson. This has the effect of making him a hero to the local Jews who flock to the cabaret to see their new Samson. The Nazis aren\'t as pleased, and Hanussen tries to discredit Breitbart. He tries to make it seem that it was his mystic powers that were the true strength behind the strongman, and makes it look like even his frail female pianist Marta can break chains and lift weights if under his power. Hanussen knows the Nazis dabble in the occult and hopes to become a part of Hitler\'s future government. Therefore, he hobnobs with the likes of Himmler and Goebbels. In the end, however, he is exposed as a Czech Jewish con artist named Herschel Steinschneider. As a result, Hanussen is kidnapped and murdered by the Brownshirts. Breitbart foresees what will become known as the Holocaust and returns to Poland to warn the Jewish people of its coming. Unfortunately, no one believes him and he accidentally dies from an infected wound, according to the final titles, two days before Hitler takes power in 1933. In the final scene he is in a delirium as a result of the infection. In a moving vision he sees his younger brother Benjamin flying safely away from the looming Holocaust.'] ['Just after the fall of the Berlin Wall, Lemmy Caution roams around the city aimlessly. The film is part narrative and part documentary essay picture about German history and politics.'] ['The young Catholic Gerald Bull is fascinated with large-bore guns, inspired by Jules Verne\'s novel From The Earth To The Moon. The adult Dr. Gerald Bull\'s career as a successful large-bore gun designer takes a turn as he is defunded by the U.S. Army; he then produces weapons for China, Israel, and ultimately South Africa which results in his arrest and conviction for illegal arms dealing. After his release, Bull promotes his supergun idea to Saddam Hussein, and, with funding through BCCI, begins design work on the top secret project, "Babylon". Bull solves several manufacturing challenges by forging and assembling it in sections which are bolted together by flanges, and lining the relatively soft barrel material with an alloy sleeve to reduce wear on the barrel. British and U.S. government agencies are shown to be aware of Bull\'s activities, but do nothing to stop him. The Israeli Mossad tries to dissuade Bull, and goes so far as to threaten his life, with no effect. As the "Baby Babylon" version of the gun is assembled and tested successfully horizontally in Iraq, Bull\'s second in command, Cowley, quits after a roadside run-in with Mossad agent Dov, who also shadowed Bull. The Iraqis demand an additional, 45-degree, test of the prototype gun, using threats to coerce Bull into compliance. That completed test firing results in a direct hit on a target 100 miles away, and Bull brags that the full size "Babylon" gun can fire "ten times as far." As production of the full-size sections of the gun continues in England and elsewhere, falsely documented as oil pipeline parts in order to evade export restrictions, the film depicts increasing threats to Bull\'s life from Hussein, and the Mossad agent Dov. As the gun nears completion, Bull, while returning home, is gunned down at his apartment, where his body is discovered by his wife. The end text crawl states that Dr. Bull\'s murder was unsolved, and that the U.S. contributed over $3 billion to Iraq in the years preceding the first Gulf War.'] ["Nick Condon  is a journalist for the Tokyo Chronicle. He prints a story disclosing Japan's plan to conquer the world. The newspaper is seized by Japanese officers. Condon gets the Tanaka Plan, a paper in which all the plans are described. The Japanese spies who follow him think that Ollie and Edith Miller  are the ones who discovered the plan because they suddenly have a lot of money and are coming back to the USA. When Condon goes to the ship to bid them farewell, he finds Edith dead. He can only see a woman's hand with a ring with a huge ruby. Back home, he finds Ollie, in terrible condition. He gets from Ollie the Tanaka plan. Premier Giichi Tanaka  wants his plans to remain secret, and sends Col. Hideki Tojo  Capt. Oshima  and Hijikata  to follow him everywhere. Condon hides the document with the Tanaka plan behind the Emperor Picture. Condon meets Iris Hilliard , half American and half Chinese. At first, he suspects her of being the lady in the ship, then he doesn't. They fall in love. She seems to be betraying him, especially when Condon sees the ring with the ruby in her hand. At the end, it turns out she's been sent by a politician who wants peace and was present when the Tanaka plan was devised. Condon leaves his job after ten days. When he's about to leave Japan, he meets the politician and Iris in the harbour. The politician signs the document to prove it's real. They are discovered by the Japanese army. Iris runs away with the document in a cargo ship which will take her out of Japan. To distract the Japanese officers, Condon fights his greatest enemy and tries to reach the American Embassy. He's shot at by spies dressed in street clothes, but he's not killed. The consular adviser goes out of the Embassy and takes Condon inside still alive, and the Japanese officers can't prevent it, because they couldn't find the Tanaka document when registering Condon."] ['Then clerk for Texas Congressman Richard Kleberg, Lyndon Johnson  runs up the steps of the Capitol to meet with future Speaker of the House Sam Rayburn , who is sure he will work beside Johnson in the future. Johnson then runs off with his boss\'s Cadillac, driving all night to pick up his fiancee Lady Bird Johnson  at the home of her father in Texas. They both drive back to Washington, D.C., and have a bad run-in with Kleberg\'s standoffish wife, who thinks he is sabotaging her husband for his own political gain. After being fired by the Congressman , Johnson wakes up one morning to find that another Congressman has died, leaving the seat vacant. He prods a local judge who is very politically connected, Judge Alvin Wirtz , into giving him a chance to run for Congress. Judge Wirtz tells Johnson that the former Congressman\'s widow might run for the seat, and that he\'ll need $10,000 just to make it a contest. Lady Bird Johnson\'s father provides the $10,000, and gets confirmation that the widow will not run. Johnson then tours the hill country of Texas, bringing along his father and his wife to campaign. He promises that he shall provide services such as power and running water to the people, and goes stumping, pushing harder and harder. It is after a gruelling schedule and many, many cigarettes and Milk of Magnesia bottles later that the pain is so great in his abdominal area that Johnson collapses. Lady Bird appears at the bedside of her husband, who had an operation to remove a ruptured appendix and is now recuperating. When he awakens, she tell him that he had won the election and calls him \'Congressman\'. Johnson is then shown inside the Capitol, taking an elevator ride up with his friend Sam Rayburn, leaving his wife as the elevator doors close. Johnson receives a phone call that his father had died, and he goes to Texas for his funeral, when he discovers that his father left his mother in thousands of dollars worth of debt. This revelation, combined with the high cost of running a campaign, forces LBJ to becoming a friend to lobbyists in order to find money. These new connections mean that not only he can begin to get financial help, but his stalled hydroelectric project gets the help it needs in order to happen. At a party held by his largest backer, Johnson meets a vivacious and attractive woman, Alice Glass , who becomes a lightning rod for his ambition. Despite the threat of another woman, Lady Bird is determined to keep her husband and to help him become even more successful. It is now 1948, and Johnson now is vying for a Senate seat soon to be vacated by a retiring Senator. His promises kept to the people of the hill country, he still must defeat Governor Coke Stevenson, who battles him for a Texas Democratic caucus vote amid rumors of corruption in the form of vote fixing. A 28-28 deadlock is broken when Johnson\'s staffers pull onto the floor a drunk member , who votes LBJ into the Senate with the 29th vote. An ebullient Johnson starts his tenure as United States Senator by parking in the Senate Majority Leader reserved parking spot, much to the chagrin of the parking attendant. The same lot is shown again in the future, and Johnson\'s name is now fixed on the parking spot. Johnson is now working tirelessly with all of the members of the Senate, battling the troublesome Joseph McCarthy, making amendments to the Taft-Hartley Act, and pressing for civil rights legislation. A new face in Washington, Senator John F. Kennedy, is told under no uncertain terms that a committee spot on the Foreign Relations Committee in the Senate would be his if he stayed for a crucial labor vote. This meeting proved important as time moves forward to 1959, when Kennedy is one of the nominees for the Presidential campaign for the Democratic Party. A visit by JFK\'s brother Robert Kennedy to Texas is arranged as father Joseph Kennedy, who along with his sons, wish to know if LBJ is running for President or not. Johnson refers to Robert Kennedy as a "Harvard man" in a derisive tone while he discovers Robert\'s true intentions, and goes out of his way to try to embarrass him while hunting. The lack of action by Johnson in responding to Kennedy in a timely fashion allows John Kennedy to build up a very strong support network, essentially shoving Johnson out of any real chance at the Presidential nomination. Promised votes by Wyoming, now going over to Kennedy to send him over the top to win the nomination, puts Johnson and his family off. Johnson says that his father was right, and that he made a big mistake by not doing something sooner. An offer of the Vice Presidency by John Kennedy is at first rejected by Johnson because of the advice of Sam Rayburn. The next day, Rayburn tells Johnson that he changed his mind, and LBJ accepts the offer, despite Robert Kennedy\'s attempt at squashing the idea. After JFK is elected in 1960, Johnson soon regrets his decision, and he is made to fill the most benign of roles while the President and his brother shut him out of meetings. This position changes drastically when John Kennedy is shot in Dallas in 1963, and Lyndon Johnson becomes the new President of the United States. He accompanies now widow Jacqueline Kennedy, along with his wife, on Air Force One on a trip back to Washington. He takes the Oath of Office by Texas federal district judge Sarah T. Hughes on board the aircraft, and a still of the moment along with a short audio summary of the events after ends the movie.'] ["In 1850, on the isolated French island of Saint-Pierre, a murder shocks the natives. Two fishermen are arrested. One of them, Louis Ollivier, dies in custody. The other, Neel Auguste , is sentenced to death by the guillotine. However the island is so small that it has neither a guillotine nor an executioner. While one is sent for, Auguste is placed under the supervision of army Captain . While Auguste is under the captain's care, the wife of the captain, Madame La,  takes an interest in the convict and begins to try to redeem him. Under her auspices, Auguste works hard and carries out a number of good deeds for the good of the community. The locals begin to see that he has changed, and Madame La begins a campaign to stop him from being executed. After a year of awaiting execution, Auguste has become a changed man. When the guillotine finally arrives on the island, none of the islanders wants to be the one to trip the lever on the guillotine, thereby executing Auguste. However, Auguste remains a condemned man and someone must be found to pull the lever on the guillotine."] ['TV newswoman Lee Carter  is one of many witnesses to the public assassination of presidential candidate Senator Charles Carroll ([[William Joyce  atop the Seattle Space Needle. A waiter armed with a revolver is chased but falls to his death. Meanwhile, a second waiter, also armed with a gun, leaves the crime scene unnoticed. A special committee decides that the assassination was the work of a lone gunman. Three years later, Carter visits her former boyfriend and colleague, newspaper reporter Joe Frady , in Portland, Oregon. Lee tells Frady that she feels there is more to the killing - that six of the witnesses to Carroll\'s assassination have died and she fears she will be next. Frady does not take her seriously. Not long afterwards, Lee is found dead and her death is judged by the police to be either a voluntary or accidental drug overdose. Investigating Carter\'s leads, Frady goes to the small town of Salmontail whose sheriff, L.D. Wicker , attempts to trap him below a dam after an alarm has sounded indicating that the floodgates are opening. Frady narrowly escapes but the sheriff drowns. Frady finds information on the Parallax Corporation in the sheriff\'s apartment and learns that its real business is recruiting political assassins. While interviewing Carroll\'s former aide, Austin Tucker , aboard Tucker\'s boat, a bomb explodes. Frady survives but is believed dead, and decides to apply to Parallax under an assumed identity. Jack Younger , a Parallax official, assures Frady that he is the kind of man they are interested in. Frady is accepted for training in Los Angeles where he watches a slide show that conflates positive images with negative actions. Frady later spies a Parallax man he recalls from a picture Austin Tucker showed him of a waiter taken the day Senator Carroll was murdered. He follows the man and watches him take out a bag from another car\'s trunk, then drive to an airport and check it as baggage on a plane. Frady boards the plane himself. He notices a Senator aboard, but not the Parallax man. Frady writes a warning on a napkin which he slips into the drink service cart. The warning is found and the plane returns to Los Angeles. Everybody is evacuated – just before a bomb explodes. Frady\'s generally skeptical editor Bill Rintels  listens to a secretly recorded tape of a conversation Frady had with Jack Younger. A disguised Parallax operative delivers coffee and food to Rintels\' news office. The editor is poisoned and the tape is removed. Continuing his investigation, Frady follows the Parallax assassins to the dress rehearsal for a political rally for Senator George Hammond ([[Jim Davis . Frady hides in the auditorium\'s rafters to secretly observe the Parallax men, posing as security personnel, also in the rafters. Too late, Frady realizes he has been set up as a "patsy" or "fall guy", as Hammond is shot dead by an unseen gunman. As Frady is trying to escape, he is sighted in the rafters by the marching band\'s tuba player, and a Parallax agent kills Frady with a shotgun. The same committee which determined a lone gunman killed Senator Carroll now reports that Frady, acting alone, killed Senator Hammond. The committee further express the hope that the verdict will end political assassination conspiracy theories. They do not take questions from the press.'] ["Arthur Goldman is Jewish and a Nazi death camp survivor. Now a rich industrialist, he lives in luxury in a Manhattan high-rise. He banters with his assistant Charlie, often shocking him with his outrageousness and irreverence about aspects of Jewish life. One day, Israeli secret agents kidnap Goldman and take him to Israel for trial on charges of being a Nazi war criminal. Goldman's trial forces his accusers to face not only his presumed guilt, but their own as well. At the end it appears that Goldman falsified the dental records which the Israelis used to identify him in order to bring about the trial. When the deception is revealed by the Israeli prosecutor, Goldman is left standing in the trial court's bulletproof glass box, a broken man. The stress shatters his mental health, and he becomes catatonic. He then relives in his mind a Nazi firing squad execution and dies."] ['The plot is based on the final months of Patrice Lumumba  the first Prime Minister of the Congo, whose tenure in office lasted two months until he was driven from office. Joseph Kasa-Vubu  is sworn in alongside Lumumba as the first president of the country, and together they attempt to prevent the Congo succumbing to secession and anarchy. The film concludes with Joseph Mobutu  seizing power with, as according to factual evidence, the support of the United States.'] ['A series of news reports document the role of Richard Nixon in the 1972 Watergate scandal, prior to his 1974 resignation speech. Meanwhile, David Frost has finished recording an episode of his talk show in Australia and watches on television as Nixon leaves the White House. A few weeks later in the London Weekend Television  central office, Frost discusses the possibility of an interview with his producer and friend, John Birt. When Frost mentions Nixon as the subject, Birt doubts that Nixon will be willing to talk to Frost. Frost then tells Birt that 400 million people watched President Nixon\'s resignation on live television. Nixon is recovering from phlebitis at La Casa Pacifica in San Clemente, California. He is discussing his memoirs with literary agent Irving "Swifty" Lazar, who tells the former president of a request by Frost to conduct an interview with an offer of $500,000; only after Lazar contacts Frost is the offer increased to $600,000. Lazar contacts Frost to inform him that Nixon is interested, so Frost and Birt fly to California to meet with Nixon. On the plane Frost meets Caroline Cushing, with whom he soon becomes smitten and begins a relationship. At La Casa Pacifica, Frost makes the first partial payment of $200,000. However, Nixon\'s post-presidential chief of staff, Jack Brennan, expresses doubts that Frost will be able to pay the entire amount. Frost tries to sell the interviews to the U.S. broadcast networks, but they all turn him down. Frost decides to finance the project with private money and syndicate the broadcast of four interviews. He hires two investigators — Bob Zelnick and James Reston Jr. — to dig for information along with Birt, focusing on Watergate. During the research process, Reston mentions a lead in the Federal Courthouse in Washington that he thinks he can lock down with a week of work, but Frost decides against it. Over the first three recording sessions, each two and a half hours long, Frost struggles to ask planned questions of Nixon. Nixon is able to take up much of the time during these sessions by giving lengthy monologues, preventing Frost from challenging him. The former president fences ably on Vietnam and is able to dominate in the area where he had substantial achievements — foreign policy related to Russia and China. Frost\'s editorial team appear to be breaking apart as Zelnick and Reston express anger that Nixon appears to be exonerating himself, and Reston belittles Frost\'s abilities as an interviewer. Four days before the final session on Watergate, Frost is in his hotel room, waiting for Caroline to call him from Trader Vic\'s to bring him some food. The phone rings, and Frost, believing it to be Caroline, answers "I\'ll have a cheeseburger." He is astonished to discover that it is actually an inebriated Nixon at the other end of the line. Nixon drunkenly tells Frost that they both know the final interview will make or break their careers. If Frost fails to implicate Nixon definitively in the Watergate scandal, then Frost will have allowed Nixon to revive his political career at Frost\'s expense. He will thus have an unsellable series of interviews and be bankrupted. Nixon acknowledges that he feels a certain amount of socioeconomic kinship with Frost, saying that both of them had to struggle to make it to the top of their fields, only to be brutally knocked back down but goes on to assure him that he will do everything in his power to emerge the victor from the final interview. The conversation spurs Frost into action. Having spent most of his time selling the show to networks and gaining advertisers, he resolves to ensure that the final interview will be successful. He calls Reston and tells him to follow up on the federal courthouse hunch and works relentlessly for three days. As the final recording begins, Frost is a much sterner adversary, providing damning information about Charles Colson, resulting in Nixon admitting that he did unethical things, but defending himself with the statement, "When the President does it, that means it\'s not illegal." Frost is shocked by this statement, and asks if the president took part in a cover-up, at which point Brennan bursts in and stops the recording as Nixon is visibly unable to answer. After Nixon and Brennan confer in a side room, Nixon returns to the interview, admitting that he participated in a cover-up and that he "let the American people down". Shortly before Frost returns to England, he and Caroline visit Nixon in his villa. Frost thanks Nixon for the interviews and presents him with a gift pair of Italian shoes that Nixon mentioned during their first meeting. Nixon is reluctant about wearing shoes without shoelaces and sees them as effeminate. Nixon, realizing he has lost, however, does graciously thank Frost and wishes him well in future endeavors. Nixon then asks to speak to Frost privately. Nixon asks if he had really called Frost before the final interview and if they had spoken about anything important. Frost replies that Nixon did indeed call and they talked about cheeseburgers. Reston says that Nixon\'s lasting legacy was the suffix "gate" being added to any political scandal. The epilogue tells that Nixon wrote an autobiography, but never escaped controversy until his death in 1994. At the film\'s close, Nixon watches David and Caroline leaving and then leans over a railing of his villa, looking out at the sunset and contemplating the future.'] ['{{Plot}} In Lebanon, Hezbollah militants escort producer Lowell Bergman  to Hezbollah founder Sheikh Fadlallah. Lowell convinces him to be interviewed by Mike Wallace  for CBS show 60 Minutes. In Louisville, Kentucky, Jeffrey Wigand  leaves his Brown & Williamson office, returning home to his wife Liane  and two children, one of whom suffers from acute asthma. When Liane asks about the boxes in Wigand’s car, he reveals that he was fired from his job. Upon returning home to Berkeley, California, Bergman receives an anonymous package containing documents relating to tobacco company Philip Morris, and approaches a friend at the Food and Drug Administration for the name of someone who can put the information in layman’s terms. Bergman is referred to Wigand, only to be steadfastly rebuffed. Bergman eventually convinces him to meet at the Seelbach Hotel in Louisville. Wigand agrees to interpret, but stresses that he cannot talk about anything else because of his confidentiality agreement. After leaving with the documents, Wigand appears at a meeting with Brown & Williamson CEO Thomas Sandefur , who orders him to sign an expanded confidentiality agreement. Wigand calls and accuses Bergman of treachery. Bergman visits Wigand’s house the next day and maintains that he did not reveal anything to Brown & Williamson. Reassured, Wigand talks to Bergman about the seven CEOs of "Big Tobacco" perjuring themselves to the United States Congress about their awareness of nicotine’s addictiveness. Bergman says Wigand has to decide for himself whether to blow the whistle on big tobacco. Bergman returns to CBS Headquarters in New York City, where he and Wallace discuss Wigand’s situation. A lawyer at the meeting claims that Wigand’s confidentiality agreement would effectively silence Wigand. Bergman proposes that Wigand could be compelled to speak through a court order arising from unrelated State litigation against Big Tobacco aimed at recovering Medicare and Medicaid costs arising from tobacco-related illnesses. They conclude this could give Wigand some protection against Brown & Williamson should he do an interview for 60 Minutes. The Wigand family move into a newer, more affordable house, and Wigand begins teaching a Louisville high school. One night while asleep, he’s alerted by his daughter to sounds outside the house. Upon investigation, he discovers a fresh shoe print in his newly planted garden. The next night, Wigand and Bergman have dinner together, where Bergman asks Wigand about incidents from his past that Big Tobacco might use against him. Wigand reveals several incriminating incidents before declaring he can’t see how they would affect his testimony. Bergman assures him they will. Bergman contacts Richard Scruggs  and Ron Motley  who, with Mississippi’s attorney general Mike Moore, are suing Big Tobacco to reimburse the state for Medicaid funds used to treat people with smoking-related illnesses. The trio express an interest in Bergman’s idea and tell him to have Wigand call them. Meanwhile, Wigand receives an email death threat and finds a bullet in his mailbox, prompting him to contact the Federal Bureau of Investigation who, after subtly accusing him of being emotionally unbalanced, confiscate his computer for evidence. Enraged over the threats to his family, Wigand phones Bergman and demands to fly to New York and tape his testimony immediately. During Wigand’s interview with Wallace, Wigand states that Brown & Williamson is making their cigarettes more addictive. He continues by saying Brown & Williamson have consciously ignored public health considerations in the name of profit. In Louisville, Wigand begins his new teaching job and talks to Richard Scruggs. Upon returning home, Wigand discovers that Bergman has given him some security personnel. Wigand’s wife is struggling under the pressure and tells him so. Days later, Wigand travels to Pascagoula, Mississippi, where he is served a restraining order issued by a State court in Kentucky to prevent him from testifying. Though the restraining order, obtained by Brown & Williamson’s lawyers, was thrown out in Mississippi, Wigand is threatened with the contention that if he testifies and returns to Kentucky he could be imprisoned for contempt of court. After a lengthy period of introspection, Wigand goes to the Mississippi court and gives his deposition, during which he says nicotine acts as a drug. Following his testimony, Wigand returns to Louisville, where he discovers that his wife and children have left him. Bergman and Wallace go to a meeting with CBS Corporate about the Wigand interview. The applicability of a legal theory has emerged, one known as tortious interference: if two parties have an agreement, such as a confidentiality agreement, and one of those parties is induced by a third party to break that agreement, the third party can be sued by the other parties for any damages. The more truth Wigand tells, the greater the damage, the theory applied goes, and a greater likelihood that CBS will be faced by a multi-billion dollar lawsuit from Brown & Williamson. It is later suggested that an edited interview take the place of the original. Bergman vehemently disagrees, and claims that the reason CBS Corporate is leaning on CBS News to edit the interview is because they fear that the prospect of a multi-billion dollar lawsuit could jeopardize the sale of CBS to Westinghouse. Wallace and Don Hewitt agree to edit the interview, leaving Bergman alone advocating airing it uncensored. A PR firm hired by Big Tobacco initiates a smear campaign against Wigand, dredging up details about his life and publishing a 500-page dossier. Through Wigand, Bergman discovers that Big Tobacco have distorted and exaggerated numerous claims, and convinces a reporter from the Wall Street Journal to delay the story until it can be disproven. Bergman contacts several private investigators who do begin their own investigation. Bergman releases his findings to the Wall Street Journal reporter and tells him to push the deadline. Meanwhile, due to his constant fights with CBS management, Bergman is ordered to go on "vacation" . Soon after, the edited interview is broadcast. After bluntly telling Wallace over the phone what he thought of the news broadcast, Bergman attempts to call Wigand at his hotel but receives no answer. He instead calls the hotel manager, who opens Wigand’s door but is stopped by the chain. Peering into Wigand’s room, the hotel manager spies Wigand sitting alone, lost in a daydream about the idyllic life he could have led without his testimony. Per Bergman’s request, the hotel manager convinces Wigand to accept Bergman’s phone call. Wigand screams at Bergman, accusing him of manipulating him into his position. Bergman tells Wigand that he is "important to a lot of people" and tries to assure Wigand that he is doing the right thing by offering that "[ heroes] like you are in short supply". After hanging up, Bergman contacts The New York Times and reveals the scandal that occurred at 60 Minutes, after which the Times publishes a scathing article that accuses CBS of betraying the legacy of their famous reporter, Edward R. Murrow for bowing to such attempts to silence publication of a truthful news story. Meanwhile, The Wall Street Journal exonerates Wigand and reveals his deposition in Mississippi, while condemning Big Tobacco’s 500-page smear as "the lowest form of character assassination." 60 Minutes finally broadcasts the full interview with Wigand. Bergman talks to Wallace and he tells him that despite their finally airing the piece, he is still quitting, saying, "What got broken here doesn’t go back together again." He leaves the building. A $246 billion settlement was made by tobacco companies with Mississippi and other States in their lawsuit and that Wigand lives in South Carolina. In 1996, Dr. Wigand won the Sallie Mae First Class Teacher of the Year award, receiving national recognition for his teaching skills. Lowell Bergman works for the PBS show Frontline and teaches at the Graduate School of Journalism at the University of California, Berkeley.'] ['Belgium, December 16, 1944: First Lieutenant Thomas Hart  is stationed at V Corps Headquarters and a stranger to war. He volunteers to give a captain a lift to his unit on the front. While driving they are stopped by Military Police Men who inform them they are going the wrong way. Hart checks his map but the captain who is suspicious tries to reach for his pistol but is immediately shot in the head by one of the M.P.s who turn out to be Germans in disguise. Hart is then pistol whipped by the Germans who then rummage through his jeep. When they are distracted Hart slams on the gas and drives away as hidden German commandos shoot at him. He then goes down a ravine hits and ditch and is thrown through the windshield. When he gathers his senses, he realizes he is lying in a mass grave of U.S. soldiers. It is the opening of the Battle of the Bulge. Taken to a local prison, his boots are confiscated and he is left naked in a cell. Threatened with frostbite and pneumonia, Hart is coerced by his German interrogator into divulging intelligence. He and many other Americans are later transferred by train to a German prisoner of war camp. While en route, a fleet of P-51 Mustangs attacks the station. Since the painted letters POW on the top of the train are covered by thick snow, the Mustangs strafe the train, killing several POWs. To save themselves, the POWs leave the train, spell POW with their bodies, and circumvent further strafing. After arriving at Stalag IV A in Augsburg, Germany, Hart is debriefed by the ranking American officer, Colonel William McNamara . When McNamara asks if Hart cooperated with the Germans after he was captured, Hart denies it. McNamara knows this to be a lie, since he knows Hart was held for three days after seeing only a Level 1 interrogator. He does not reveal this to Hart and sends him to bunk in a barracks for enlisted men, rather than allowing him to bunk with the other officers. Two Tuskegee Airmen are brought to the camp, Second Lieutenants Lincoln A. Scott  and Lamar T. Archer . They are the only blacks in the camp, and their situation is compounded by their status as officers. Staff Sergeant Vic W. Bedford , a vicious racist, is their primary antagonist. Later, a tent spike, which could be used as a weapon, is found in Archer\'s bunk. The Germans drag him out and shoot him, claiming that he was trying to escape. Directly after that, a radio used by the Americans to receive coded messages via the BBC is found and destroyed. Bedford is himself later found dead. Scott is seen standing over the body and is accused of killing him in revenge for Bedford\'s framing Archer. A law student at Yale before the war, Hart is appointed by McNamara to defend the accused pilot at his court-martial, a trial to which the camp commandant, Oberst Werner Visser , agrees. Visser gives Hart a manual on US Army court-martial proceedings, furthering the conflict between him and McNamara when he uses the rule book to question the Colonel\'s conducting of the trial. On the witness stand, the angered Scott gives an emotional address on the treatment of blacks like himself, who joined up to serve their country with honor but are treated with disrespect in return. Late one night, Hart notices a fellow POW acting suspiciously and follows him to a room behind the theater where the trial is taking place. There, he discovers a tunnel being dug. McNamara reveals to Hart that the "defense", like the trial itself, is a sham, an elaborate distraction to hide a planned escape and attack on a nearby ammunition plant which the Allies mistakenly believe to be a shoe factory. It is revealed that Bedford planted the spike in Archer\'s bunk, and, in return for the guards\' executing Archer for it, Bedford gave them the location of the secret radio. It is also revealed that Bedford planned to escape with forged German documents, money and clothes, likely in return for telling the Germans about McNamara\'s plan. McNamara realized this and killed Bedford to prevent it. Hart is shocked that McNamara, as a senior officer, would sacrifice fellow Americans to perpetuate this. McNamara reminds Hart that they are at war, and in war sometimes one man must be sacrificed to save the lives of many. Hart acknowledges this, but retorts that it is McNamara\'s duty to ensure that he, not Scott, is the sacrifice. Disgusted, McNamara says that Hart knows nothing about duty, a reference to how Hart gave in to a Level 1 interrogator after three days, whereas McNamara was tortured for a month. On the last day of the trial, McNamara and 34 others feign food poisoning in order to be excused from the closing arguments. They then slip down the escape tunnel. As he is about to go down, McNamara overhears Hart\'s closing speech. In order to save Scott, Hart announces that he killed Bedford. Visser orders everyone out and announces that Hart will be shot there and then. After a headcount, which is short by 35 prisoners, Visser suspects an escape plot and locates the tunnel. Now fully aware of the deception, he furiously orders everybody at the trial to be shot as well. But before the sentence is carried out, McNamara, moved by Hart\'s selfless sacrifice, voluntarily returns to the camp to accept responsibility. At that moment, the factory blows up and the other escapees scatter away. Visser holds McNamara accountable and personally executes him on the spot, sparing the remaining prisoners. Hart leads the salute to McNamara\'s dead body. Three months later, the German army surrenders to the Allies and the prison camp is liberated.'] ['Richard "Dicky" Pilager, the dim-witted scion of a powerful political dynasty, is running for Governor of Colorado. One day, while filming a campaign ad that shows him fishing, Dicky Pilager hooks a corpse on location. Chuck Raven, Pilager\'s Campaign Manager, hires Danny O\'Brien, a former journalist who works as a private investigator, to examine the case. Raven urges O\'Brien to find potential links between the body and Pilager\'s political enemies. O\'Brien\'s job is to essentially intimidate Pilager\'s opponents, and he has numerous revealing conversations with various people. He learns that business mogul Wes Benteen is using Pilager to promote his own agenda. The interviews also reveal further corruption where politicians, land developers, and mining companies have come to an agreement, whereby environmental issues have been completely ignored. He also learns about illegal migrant workers, as well as a potentially damaging love affair.'] ["K-219 performs a Crazy Ivan, and USS Aurora (a thinly-disguised renaming of [[USS Augusta |USS Augusta  collides with her, causing a rupture of the seal on one of its ballistic missile tubes. The leaking seawater causes a corrosive reaction which floods the sub with toxic gas. The corrosive reaction starts a fire that floods the sub with more toxic gas, and smoke. The captain surfaces the boat and moves the crew out to the deck, and attempts to vent the sub. The chief engineer informs the captain that the fire may cook off the nukes and cause a nuclear explosion. The launch doors are opened on the sub to vent smoke. Aurora ascertains that a fire is aboard K-219, and informs the Pentagon. The Pentagon, fearing radiological contamination of the Eastern Seaboard, orders Aurora to prepare to sink K-219. The fact that the launch doors are open on the SLBMs causes consternation in Washington DC, with calls for the immediate sinking of the sub, should it appear to be preparing to launch. The captain of K-219 prepares a bold plan to dive with the launch doors open, to flood the missile bay and quench the fires. As the captain dives the sub, Aurora prepares to fire, assuming K-219 is setting about to launch its missiles. After a brief but heated argument the U.S. commander is convinced to wait before launching and realises that the Soviet sub is diving, rather than launching its SLBMs. K-219s tactic works, and the sub resurfaces with the fires out. A new crisis develops to the lower cooling rods manually into all four nuclear reactors, with only 4 oxygen tanks left for the two crew members. The rods are lowered, and all nuclear reactors are shut down, averting disaster, with Moscow informed. Sergei remains locked inside the nuclear reactor room, running out of oxygen, with the rising temperature in the reactor room leading to a new crisis, exacerbated by water flooding the submarine. The captain of K-219 decides to abandon ship. Throughout the crisis, Washington insists that no information on the possibility of nuclear fall-out along the eastern American coastline be leaked to the Governors, or evacuation plans be activated to protect the population, in order not to derail the forthcoming Reykjavik summit meeting between Mikhail Gorbachev and Ronald Reagan. Capt. Britanov and his surviving crew members return safely to Moscow with some crew decorated and he being dismissed from the navy. The Reykjavik summit takes place as planned. The film's postscript details that as a legacy almost a decade after the end of the Cold War, fifty one nuclear war heads and seven nuclear reactors from nuclear submarines litter the North Atlantic ocean floor."] ['The overarching plot takes place over five days leading up to a political rally for Replacement Party candidate Hal Phillip Walker, who is never seen throughout the entire movie. The story follows 25 characters roaming around Nashville, in search of some sort of goal through their own  story arcs. Day One The film opens with a campaign van for presidential candidate Hal Phillip Walker driving around Nashville as an external loudspeaker blares Walker\'s folksy political aphorisms, juxtaposed with country superstar Haven Hamilton  recording an overblown patriotic song intended to commemorate the upcoming Bicentennial, and growing irritated with the accompanying musicians in the studio. An Englishwoman named Opal  who claims to be working on a documentary for the BBC appears in the studio but is told to leave by Haven. Down the hall from Haven\'s session is Linnea Reese , a white gospel singer recording a song with a black choir. Later that day, popular country singer Barbara Jean  is returning to Nashville, having recovered from a burn accident, and the elite of Nashville\'s music scene - including Haven Hamilton and his companion Lady Pearl  have converged on Berry Field to greet her plane as it arrives. Also present are Pfc. Glenn Kelly  and the popular folk trio "Bill, Mary, and Tom" who are in town to record an album. Bill  and Mary  are married, but largely unhappy, partly due to the fact that she is in love with womanizer Tom . Meanwhile, Mr. Green  arrives at the airport to pick up his niece Martha , aka "L.A. Joan", a teenage groupie who has come to Nashville ostensibly to visit her aunt Esther Green who is sick in the hospital. However, Martha repeatedly puts off visiting her aunt in favor of chasing after male musicians. Working at the airport restaurant are African-American cook Wade Cooley , and his pretty waitress friend, Sueleen Gay , an aspiring country singer who refuses to recognize that she can\'t carry a tune. After greeting the crowds on the tarmac, Barbara Jean faints due to the heat, and her handlers, headed by her domineering husband-manager Barnett , rush her to the hospital. Barbara Jean\'s appearance having been cut short, those in attendance depart the airport and wind up stranded on the highway after a pile-up occurs. During the commotion, Winifred ([[Barbara Harris , an aspiring country singer, runs away from her husband, Star , after he refuses to take her to the Grand Ole Opry. Star gives a ride to Kenny Frasier , who has just arrived in town carrying a violin case. Opal takes advantage of the traffic jam to interview first Linnea and then Tommy Brown , an African-American country singer who is performing at the Opry. Tommy and his entourage go to Lady Pearl\'s club but Wade, who is drinking and trying to pick up white girls at the bar, insults Tommy for being too "white" and starts a fight. Linnea\'s husband Del Reese  is working with political organizer John Triplette ([[Michael Murphy  to plan a small fundraiser and a large outdoor concert gala for the Walker campaign. Sueleen appears at a local club\'s open mike night in a provocative outfit, and despite her lack of singing ability, club manager Trout  recommends her to Triplette for the fundraiser based on her appearance. Winifred shows up at Trout\'s club trying to recruit musicians to record a demo with her, but Star sees her and chases her out. Del invites Triplette for family dinner with Linnea and their two deaf children. Linnea and Del are having communications problems and she focuses on the children rather than on him. In the middle of dinner, Tom calls trying to make a date with Linnea, but she puts him off, so he takes Opal back to his room instead. Pfc. Kelly sneaks into Barbara Jean\'s hospital room and sits in the chair by her bed all night, watching her sleep. Day Two Tom calls Linnea again but, with Del listening on the other line, Linnea yells at Tom and tells him not to call her any more. Kenny rents a room from Mr. Green. Haven Hamilton throws a pre-show party at his house before the evening\'s Grand Ole Opry performance. At the party, Triplette tries to persuade Haven to perform at the Walker gala by telling him that if Walker is elected, Walker would back Haven for state governor. Haven says he\'ll give Triplette his decision after the Opry show that night. Later, Tommy Brown, Haven, and Connie White  all perform at the Opry. Connie is substituting for the hospitalized Barbara Jean. Winifred tries unsuccessfully to get backstage. At the hospital, Barbara Jean and Barnett have an argument because he is going to the after-show gathering to thank Connie for substituting at the last minute. Barbara Jean doesn\'t want him to go and he accuses her of having another nervous breakdown like she did previously. Barnett finally subdues Barbara Jean and leaves, but Connie doesn\'t seem happy to see him. Haven tells Triplette that Barbara Jean and Connie never appear on the same stage, and that he  will appear anyplace Barbara Jean also appears. Bill gets upset when his wife Mary doesn\'t show up all evening; she is sleeping with Tom. Day Three It is Sunday morning and the characters are shown attending various Catholic and Protestant church services. At the hospital chapel, Barbara Jean sings a hymn from her wheelchair while Mr. Green and Pfc. Kelly, among others, watch. Mr. Green tells Kelly how he and his wife lost their son in WWII. Opal wanders alone through a huge auto scrapyard making free-form poetic speeches about the cars into her tape recorder. Haven, Tommy Brown and their families attend the stock car races, where Winifred also attempts to sing on a small stage but cannot be heard. Bill and Mary argue in their hotel room and are interrupted by Triplette, who wants to recruit them for the Walker concert gala. Tom tries to get chauffeur Norman  to score him some pills. Day Four Opal walks alone through a large school bus parking lot making more strange observations into her tape recorder. Barbara Jean is discharged from the hospital at the same time Mr. Green shows up to visit his sick wife. Barbara Jean asks after his wife and sends her regards. After Barbara Jean and her entourage have left, a nurse tells Mr. Green his wife died earlier that morning. Back at Mr. Green\'s house, Kenny gets upset when Martha tries to look at his violin case. Barbara Jean performs at Opryland USA. Triplette and Del attend and try to convince Barnett to have Barbara Jean play the Walker concert gala at the Parthenon the next day, but he refuses. Barbara Jean gets through the first couple of songs all right, but then begins to tell rambling stories about her childhood instead of starting the next song. After several false starts, Barnett escorts her from the stage and tells the disappointed audience that they can come to the Parthenon tomorrow and see Barbara Jean perform for free, thus committing her to the Walker concert. Tom calls Linnea and invites her to meet him that night at a club where he is playing. Linnea arrives but sits by herself because Martha is trying to pick Tom up. Mary and Bill are also there, and Opal sits with them and talks about how she slept with Tom, causing Mary to become upset. Wade tries unsuccessfully to pick up Linnea, while Norman tries equally unsuccessfully to pick up Opal. Tom sings "I\'m Easy" and Linnea, moved, goes back to his room where they make love. When Linnea needs to leave, Tom calls another woman and has a romantic conversation within Linnea\'s earshot while she is getting dressed to go home. Sueleen appears at the all-male Walker fundraiser, but is booed off the stage when she sings poorly and doesn\'t take off her clothes. Del and Triplette explain that the men expect her to strip and that if she does so, they will let her sing the next day at the Parthenon with Barbara Jean. Sueleen is visibly upset but strips anyway. Winifred shows up at the fundraiser hoping to get a chance to sing, but after she sees what is going on, she stays hidden behind a curtain. Del drives Sueleen home and drunkenly comes on to her, but she is rescued by Wade. After he hears what happened, Wade tells Sueleen she can\'t sing and asks her to go back to Detroit with him the next day. Sueleen refuses because she is determined to sing at the Parthenon with Barbara Jean. Day Five The performers, audience and Walker and his entourage arrive for the Parthenon concert. In the performing lineup are Haven, Barbara Jean, Linnea and her choir, Bill, Mary and Tom, Sueleen, and Winifred who has shown up again hoping for a chance to sing. Barnett gets upset because Barbara Jean will have to perform in front of a large Walker advertisement, but has to go along with it because his wife\'s career will be harmed if he pulls her out of the show. Mr. Green and Kenny attend Esther Green\'s burial service and Mr. Green leaves angrily, vowing to find Martha  and make her show some respect to her aunt. Mr. Green and Kenny go to the Parthenon to look for Martha. The Walker gala starts and Haven and Barbara Jean perform a song together, then Barbara Jean sings a solo song. At the end of the song, Kenny takes a gun from his violin case and shoots Haven and Barbara Jean. Pfc. Kelly disarms Kenny as chaos breaks out. Barbara Jean is carried bleeding and unconscious from the stage. Haven tries to calm the crowd by exhorting them to sing. As he is led from the stage for treatment of his wounds, he hands the microphone off to Winifred, who begins to sing "It Don\'t Worry Me" and is joined by Linnea\'s gospel choir. The film ends with the audience raptly listening to Winifred\'s song - she has finally gotten her big break.'] ["Good Night, and Good Luck. is set in 1953, during the early days of television broadcast journalism. Edward R. Murrow  and his dedicated staff—headed by his co-producer Fred Friendly  and reporter Joseph Wershba  in the CBS newsroom—defy corporate and sponsorship pressures, and discredit the tactics used by Joseph McCarthy during his crusade to root out Communist elements within the government. Murrow first defends Milo Radulovich, who is facing separation from the U.S. Air Force because of his sister's political leanings and because his father is subscribed to a Serbian newspaper. Murrow makes a show on McCarthy attacking him. A very public feud develops when McCarthy responds by accusing Murrow of being a communist. Murrow is accused of having been a member of the leftist union Industrial Workers of the World, which Murrow claimed was false. In this climate of fear and reprisal, the CBS crew carries on and their tenacity ultimately strikes a historic blow against McCarthy. Historical footage also shows the questioning of Annie Lee Moss, a Pentagon communication worker accused of being a communist based on her name appearing on a list seen by an FBI infiltrator of the American Communist Party. The film's subplots feature Joseph and Shirley Wershba, recently married staffers, having to hide their marriage to save their jobs at CBS as well as the suicide of Don Hollenbeck  who had been accused in print of being a Communist. The film is framed by performance of the speech given by Murrow to the Radio and Television News Directors Association in 1958, in which Murrow harshly admonishes his audience not to squander the potential of television to inform and educate the public.Edward R. Murrow Speech, 1958 , Radio Television Digital News Association RTNDA.org"] ['The Movie Begins showing pictures and films of the actual victims Of Rafael Trujillo. During the montage a title card appears that says: :From 1930 until 1961, General Leonidas Trujillo held absolute control of the Dominican Republic. :His secret alliance with the church, aristocrats, intellectuals and the press were the foundation of his dictatorship. :His formula to remain in power was simple: murder anyone who opposed him. :More than 30,000 thousand people were executed during his regime of terror... The scene shifts to inside of a prison cell where one of his victims, Minerva Mirabal recounts the events of the story. Minerva and her three sisters Patria, Dede and Maria Teresa  live on a farm in rural Ojo De Agua. Minerva, the outspoken sister, convinces her father to send her, Patria and Mate away to attend school. The sisters spend five years away at school, during which time Minerva captures the attention of el Jefe , who notices Minerva at a school play. When school is over, Minerva wishes to study to become a lawyer, but women are not allowed in law school. So the sisters return to the farm, and Minerva soon meets and falls in love with Virgilio  a member of the resistance, who gives her the nickname "Butterfly". Lio\'s activities during a college protest are noticed, and he is forced to leave the country out of fear for his life, though he continues to write to Minerva. Minerva, along with her family, is invited to a formal ball at the President\'s palace, where she dances with Trujillo. During their dance, Minerva asks for permission to attend law school, but Trujillo declines. He touches Minerva inappropriately, and she responds by recoiling and slapping him in the face. Her family quickly rushes to her side, and Trujillo allows them to leave. The next day the police arrive at the family farm and take Minerva\'s father away. The sisters spend several weeks dealing with the police bureaucracy trying to locate their father before it is suggested that there is a way that Minerva can get her father out of prison. Minerva goes to the palace and Trujillo suggests that her father can leave if she stays at the palace. Minerva points out that her mother is waiting outside and would "appreciate his hospitality" too. Trujillo decides that that they should leave it to chance , to determine if Minerva and her family go free, or if Minerva stays at the place while her family is free. Minerva accepts, but asks to "up the stakes" - if she wins, she goes free and also gets to attend law school, and if she loses, Trujillo can "have his wish". She rolls the dice and wins, and Trujillo lets her leave. Minerva\'s victory is hollow. Her father is released from prison, but has been tortured, is not well, and soon dies. While attending his funeral, the police chief delivers to Minerva a letter permitting her to attend law school. Minerva\'s hatred of Trujillo is intense, but she decides to accept his "gift" to attend law school because she views it as her only way to effectively oppose Trujillo. While in law school, Minerva discovers that Lio has been killed by Trujillo supporters even though he was out of the country. She meets other members of the resistance, who through Lio, know of her as "Butterfly". She becomes a member of the resistance, and over time Patria and Mate learn of her activities and become involved too. She falls in love with Manolo, a fellow law student and member of the resistance, and they are married. When Minerva graduates from law school, Trujillo is present to pass out the diplomas. All the other students receive diplomas, but he refuses to give Minerva a diploma saying he agreed to allow her to attend law school, not to practice law. After law school, Minerva has children, but continues her resistance activities. After a series of increasingly dangerous events she, Mate, and many resistance members are arrested and sent to jail. Minerva becomes a symbol, and many prisoners, guards, and outsiders secretly voice their support for "the Butterflies". Eventually Minerva and Mate are released from jail, but their husbands and Patria\'s are still held captive. The women continue their efforts to locate their husbands and inquire about their status. Trujillo stops by to visit Minerva at her home, and she asks for his help to get their husbands released. Trujillo vows to help Minerva "end her troubles". While returning from a trip to visit their husbands, Minerva, Patria and Mate are stopped on the road by a large group of Trujillo\'s men. They are taken some distance off the main road, and the men surround them and beat them to death. Another title card appears at the end that says: :The Death Of The Mirabal Sisters was the final blow to the regime of Leonidas Trujillo, who was assassinated six months later. :Several of the children of the Mirabal sisters held important posts in the later democratic governments of the Dominican Republic. :The day of the sisters\' death, November 25, is observed in many Latin American countries as the International Day Against Violence Towards Women.'] ['In 1980, U.S. Representative Charlie Wilson  is more interested in partying than legislating, frequently throwing huge galas and staffing his congressional office with young, attractive women. His social life eventually brings about a federal investigation into allegations of his cocaine use, conducted by then-U.S. Attorney Rudy Giuliani as part of a larger investigation into congressional misconduct. The investigation results in no charge against Charlie. A friend and romantic interest, Joanne Herring , encourages Charlie to do more to help the Afghan people, and persuades Charlie to visit the Pakistani leadership. The Pakistanis complain about the inadequate support of the U.S. to oppose the Soviet Union, and they insist that Charlie visit a major Pakistan-based Afghan refugee camp. Charlie is deeply moved by their misery and determination to fight, but is frustrated by the regional CIA personnel\'s insistence on a low key approach against the Soviet occupation of Afghanistan. Charlie returns home to lead an effort to substantially increase funding to the mujahideen. As part of this effort, Charlie befriends the maverick CIA agent Gust Avrakotos  and his understaffed Afghanistan group to find a better strategy, especially including a means to counter the Soviets\' formidable Mi-24 helicopter gunship. This group was composed in part of members of the CIA\'s Special Activities Division, including a young paramilitary officer named Michael Vickers . As a result, Charlie\'s deft political bargaining for the necessary funding and Avrakotos\' group\'s careful planning using those resources, such as supplying the guerrillas with FIM-92 Stinger missile launchers, turns the Soviet occupation into a deadly quagmire with their heavy fighting vehicles being destroyed at a crippling rate. The CIA\'s anti-communism budget evolves from $5 million to over $500 million , startling several congressmen. This effort by Charlie ultimately evolves into a major portion of the U.S. foreign policy known as the Reagan Doctrine, under which the U.S. expanded assistance beyond just the mujahideen and began also supporting other anti-communist resistance movements around the world. Charlie states that senior Pentagon official Michael Pillsbury persuaded President Ronald Reagan to provide the Stingers to the Afghans: "Ironically, neither Gust nor Charlie was directly involved in the decision and claims any credit."<ref nameCrile|firstCharlie Wilson\'s War: The Extraordinary Story of the Largest Covert Operation in History|publisher2003|isbnGeorge Crile III}}{{rp}} Charlie follows Gust\'s guidance to seek support for post-Soviet occupation Afghanistan, but finds almost no enthusiasm in the U.S. government for even the modest measures he proposes. The film ends with Charlie receiving a major commendation for the support of the U.S. clandestine services, but his pride is tempered by his fears of what unintended consequences his secret efforts could yield in the future and the implications of U.S. disengagement from Afghanistan.'] ["The film deals with a child, whose parents were among the tens of thousands of Argentines who were murdered during the military junta's Dirty War, who years later has to contend with the pain barely remembered. In this case the child is director Albertina Carri. She returns with her film crew to the house she lived in the 1970s and interviews the neighbors about her parents and what happened. The movie's title comes from an elderly woman's insistent  recollection that Carri's family members all had blond hair. Carri tries to determine the following in the doc: Who were the Carri's? How did they disappear? Were they blond or brunette? Were they heroes or merely a fiction of those who remember them? In addition to appearing on camera herself, Ms. Carri is played by the actress ."] ['{{plot}} In 1969, two best friends, Ralph Karr  and Scott Denny  are college students from a stuffy, upper-middle class suburban town in Maryland. The film begins with Ralph and Scott hitchhiking from their college to their hometown on Easter weekend. The boys finally arrive on Easter morning and shout their greetings across the glen to their family during a lakeside Easter Sunrise service, much to the amusement of Ralph\'s younger sister Beth  and mother Ev  and embarrassment of Scott\'s mother Jessie  and father Cliff . Tensions quickly begin to brew when they find out that Scott\'s brother Alden has enlisted; Scott and Ralph are outspoken in their opposition to the Vietnam War, which alienates Scott from his father. Alden doesn\'t want his father to see how worried he is about going to Vietnam, but gives Scott his old Chevrolet Corvair convertible as a gift before leaving, a gift Scott reluctantly accepts. Late in the afternoon, the family has arranged to deliver Alden to the bus station, where he will return to his Marine base and prepare to ship off to Vietnam. However, Jessie does not wish to say goodbye, and refuses to join them, going for a jog instead. On the bus, Alden notices his mother jogging along the adjacent highway and asks the driver to pull over. He and his mother wave goodbye across the highway, and as he gets back on the bus, she says quietly "Don\'t die". Back at college, Scott is quizzing Ralph about Don Quixote in their dorm room, only to learn that Ralph hasn\'t even read it. When he notices Ralph lighting a marijuana joint, he asks for a hit; when Ralph passes him the joint, Scott throws it out the window and warns Ralph not to flunk out of college at the risk of being drafted into the army. The same day, the two receive a surprise visit from Ev and Beth Karr and Jessie Denny; as the five of them head over to the cafeteria for lunch, they run into an anti-war rally occurring on the front steps. A riot breaks out when the police arrive, and when a young man beaten by police crashes into Beth as he runs from the officers, Scott rescues Beth while Ralph jumps in front of the police to stop them from accosting other students. Ev and Jessie are deeply unnerved by the unnecessary violence against the protesters, and Beth finds herself growing closer to Scott as he comforts her. During Beth\'s high school graduation a few weeks later, Ralph takes LSD, which Scott refuses to take. In his delirium while drugged, Ralph climbs on stage after the graduation ceremony is over, takes off most of his clothes, announces over the microphone to all present that he has flunked out of college, and then goes into a seizure while having a bad trip. After Ralph\'s hospitalization from this episode, he and Scott decide to spend the summer on the road, living out of their van  and experiencing all the freedom the counterculture has to offer. However, since his bad trip, Ralph does not feel as excited as Scott about the counterculture, and wishes to return home despite Scott\'s attempts to dissuade him. Eventually, the two men arrive back at their hometown in the middle of its summer festival. Ralph goes off to jump on stage with the rock band, and Scott heads over to the dunking tank to find his mother and father, and Ev setting out free soda at a nearby concession stand. When he notes that they are all looking anxious, Jessie reveals that Alden has been declared missing in action. Emboldened by the news of Alden\'s disappearance, Ralph and Scott hatch a plan to steal their files from the local draft board office. Beth tags along and offers to keep watch outside of the local Federal Building as Ralph and Scott break into the draft board office to find their own files. They quickly find their own files, and discover that Ralph\'s file contains a notice that indicates he is eligible for the draft. Ralph decides to steal both of their files, but Scott develops cold feet and wants no part of it. Ralph is angry at Scott\'s reluctance and reminds him, "Look, you can\'t stay in college forever--they\'ll be calling you sooner or later." Scott steals Ralph\'s cigarette lighter to keep him from destroying the two files. The local police notice Scott\'s van outside the Federal Building and stop to talk to Beth, who claims to be looking for her dog that got off the leash. They soon get suspicious when the supposedly lost dog appears just a few feet away, sniffing and barking near the draft board office\'s window, and they rush into the building. Scott runs from the room at Ralph\'s urging, and Ralph puts Scott\'s file away and hides in the office with his own. Ralph is soon found out, and arrested for the break-in. When Scott attempts to take equal blame for the break-in, Ralph lies that Scott had no part in it. The Dennys and Ev Karr arrive to find Ralph under arrest and Scott attempting to take equal blame, over Ralph\'s objection. The sheriff remarks that his own son came home paralyzed, so he certainly understands the boys\' reluctance to go and serve. Cliff Denny is livid about Scott\'s claims and declares that Alden would be ashamed of his actions, and Scott declares angrily that Alden is dead. Cliff disowns his son in front of the police, and Jessie reluctantly leaves the scene with her husband. Ralph is taken off to jail but tells Scott that he\'ll take all the blame and that Scott should just go off and enjoy his summer of fun in the counterculture. Scott is now determined to avoid Ralph\'s fate and plans to leave town and head to Canada to avoid the draft. Beth finds Scott in his van and convinces him to allow her to join him on his trip. They admit their attraction to each other and make love in the van. Later, the two decide to visit Ralph in jail to tell him that they are leaving. Ralph reveals in a very sarcastic tone that he actually wants to go to Vietnam. When he finds out that his friend and his sister have had sexual relations, he disowns Scott and ignores Beth. On the night of the first moon landing, Mr. Denny is excitedly watching the moon landing on television but finds Jessie Denny has a nervous breakdown over the news about her son\'s disappearance. She orders her husband to just leave her alone. Mr. Denny decides to visit the Karr house and ends up dancing and drinking with a drunken Ev Karr, who is bitter about the loss of her husband and the impending draft of her son. This proves to be an ample distraction for Scott to get Beth out of the house so they can leave for Canada. When Scott goes home to say good-bye to his mother, Jessie orders him to go to Canada and get as far away from here as he can. After a few days on the road, Scott and Beth get to the Canadian border and are about to cross when Beth realizes that running away from their families isn\'t going to help their cause. Scott reluctantly agrees and they head back to Maryland. When they get home, they learn of Alden\'s death. This event bridges the gap between father and son, enlightening both to the true cost of the war. Scott leads a huge march downtown in the midst of the Alden\'s funeral, and is able to get Ralph out of jail so they can reconcile. The film ends with a narration by Scott, announcing that his family and friends joined hundreds of thousands of other Americans in a march in Washington, D.C. to protest the war.'] ["A Polish translator, Ulla , grieves for her recently deceased lawyer husband. As she copes with her loss, the family of her husband's last client, Darek Stach, contacts her in need of legal documents and advice. Ulla struggles with caring for her son, and alternately trying to remember and to forget her husband, while Darek struggles to come to terms with his imprisonment for political dissidence. Ulla's husband's ghost observes these events, occasionally becoming visible to Ulla and Darek."] ["In France in 1719, Philippe II, Duke of Orléans is the regent for the young Louis XV. He is sophisticated, gentle, a liberal and a libertine. He endeavours to keep his subjects cultured and happy to stop the peasants from rising up, but he knows he has no real royal authority. To assist him, d'Orléans enlists the aid of an atheistic and venal priest named Guillaume Dubois, who is as much of a libertine as Philippe, and unfortunately does not care for anyone except himself. At the beginning of the movie, a very gruesome scene shows the autopsy of Marie Louise Élisabeth d'Orléans, Duchess of Berry, elder daughter of the Regent. The voluptuous young princess expires on 21 July 1719, her health fatally ruined by her debauched life and a series of clandestine pregnancies. Notoriously promiscuous, Joufflotte  as she was nicknamed because of her generous proportions, was rumored of committing incest with her father. The autopsy reveals that the Rubenesque princess was again pregnant. Philippe is very much affected by her death. Meanwhile, a rebellion led by a Breton squire named Pontcallec occurs. Philippe's natural idealism is further shaken when he is forced to execute Pontcallec's band of revolutionaries. Dubois, however, tries to take advantage of the revolt and subsequent famine to become archbishop. It becomes apparent that true joy will only be found when the peasants successfully overthrow the aristocrats who have held them down for so long. The movie provides a description of 18th century court life, and features the music of the real Philippe d'Orléans."] ['Witek , sitting on an airplane, for some reason screams "No!" A bleeding person is dragged across a hospital floor. As a child, Witek learns how to write. As an adoloscent, Witek dates Czuszka. As an adult, Witek goes to medical school but \'loses\' his calling after the death of his father. Witek decides to catch a train to Warsaw. There he crashes into a fellow drinking beer. Three different outcomes are shown, each depending on how Witek deals with the obstacles on his way to catching the train and whether or not he catches the train. In the first scenario, Witek almost crashes into the fellow drinking the beer. He runs after the train and is able to grab onto the last car\'s handlebar just in time to pull himself aboard. On the train he meets Werner , an old Communist. Witek decides to join the Communist Party. On a walk with Werner, Witek meets up with Czuszka , his first love. The two meet up and have sex, after which a disappointed Czuszka discovers that Witek is applying to join the party. Witek unsuccessfully tries to solve a problem with an airline mechanic. Witek breaks up a sit-in at a hospital. As a reward, a party leader plans to send Witek on a special mission to France. On a walk with Czuszka, a policeman asks them for their papers. Since Witek is a Communist, he is allowed to go on his way, while Czuszka is detained. He attempts to make up with Czuszka, who is speaking at an opposition meeting, but she rejects him. In the second scenario, Witek slams into the fellow drinking the beer with such force that the mug slips from the drinker\'s hand and falls to the floor, breaking and spilling. Witek doesn\'t stop to apologize but still fails to catch the train. Instead he runs headlong into a railway guard on the platform, knocks him to the ground, and runs off. The guard calls for backup and Witek is arrested. A judge sentences Witek to thirty days and unpaid community service. Witek joins the anti-Communist resistance and meets up with Daniel, a friend from his childhood, and his sister Wera. He is baptised and the figure of Christ on the cross becomes a significant emblem for him. Witek applies for a passport to go to France, but his request is denied because he is known to be an anti-Communist. The authorities offer him a passport on the condition that he discloses the underground\'s contacts in France. Witek goes home and begins foreplay with Wera, but is called away to the resistance\'s lair. The place has been ransacked and the one person left there doubts Witek\'s loyalty.  In the third scenario, Witek almost crashes into the fellow drinking the beer but stops in time and goes around him, apologizing. He still tries to catch the train but fails. The railway guard shows up a few seconds later but now Witek has stopped to catch his breath. He notices Olga  on the platform . Witek and Olga go back to his apartment where they make love on the floor. Witek decides to resume his medical studies and soon he graduates and starts practicing at the hospital as well as teaching at the medical school. Olga tells him she is three months pregnant, the two get married. At the medical school, some students pass around a petition on behalf of the dean\'s son, who is accused of hawking illegal literature. Witek refuses to sign the petition, noting that the dean himself hasn\'t signed either. Witek doesn\'t want to get involved in politics at all. The dean offers him a trip to Libya to give some lectures on medical topics he has prepared. Witek accepts. On the train to catch the plane, Olga tells Witek she\'s pregnant with their second child, hoping it is a girl. At the airport, Witek sees some of the people who were more important in the previous two scenarios. The plane taxis on the runway, Witek is comfortable in his seat. The plane takes off, but a few seconds later explodes.'] ["Umbrella is divided into five parts, one for each social group documented. The first takes place in Zhongshan, in Guangdong province at an industrial warehouse where poorly paid workers spend hours putting together umbrellas for sale. In another part of China, in Yiwu, Zhejiang province, a successful farmer has become an entrepreneur, running an umbrella manufacturing business. The film then shifts to Shanghai, as it follows students and recent graduates who struggle to find employment in a hyper-competitive market. The students know that failure to find a job will mean a return to their rural roots. The fourth part follows a People's Liberation Army garrison and new recruits. The recruits all come from farms in the countryside, looking for another life. The last part of the film takes place in Luoyang, Henan province. It documents an elderly peasant in a village that consists mostly of the old and infirm, as subsequent generations seek their fortunes elsewhere."] ["The horrors of war are examined from the view points of lifelong friends and expert sharpshooters Vlado Selimović  and Slavko Stanic , who end up on opposing sides of the Bosnian War in Sarajevo. Slavko, an ethnic Serb and unemployed bachelor, becomes a sniper and instructor training the Army of Republika Srpska snipers used to terrorize the city. Vlado, a Muslim married father and successful owner of a furniture factory, rejects his friend's offer to gain an escape from the city. Instead, he becomes a marksman in the Army of the Republic of Bosnia and Herzegovina and attempts to counter the sniper threat. Vlado soon realizes his friend, an exceptionally skilled marksman, is the enemy sniper responsible for a number of seemingly impossible shots against residents of their own neighbourhood. The two friends eventually have to face-off and only one survives."] ['The film begins with a sexologist in his office, talking about the history of sex. Izabela , a Hungarian switchboard operator, meets and falls in love with a Sandžak Muslim sanitation inspector named Ahmed , who soon moves into her apartment and has a bathtub installed. The film then cuts away to a police investigation of the death of a young woman by drowning. Ahmed goes away on business for a month. During his absence, Izabela finally gives in to a persistently amorous postman. When Ahmed returns, he finds Izabela different, less loving.  He gets very drunk, and when Isabella chases after him to keep him from harm, he threatens to commit suicide by jumping into an underground vat of water. However, Ahmed ends up accidentally pushing Izabela in instead, killing her. He goes into hiding, but is arrested by the police for murder. The film concludes with a scene of Ahmed and Izabela walking down a staircase.'] ["The film is concerned with Harrison Lloyd, a Pulitzer Prize-winning Newsweek photojournalist who travels on his last assignment to the former Yugoslavia in 1991, during the Croatian War of Independence. Although he is presumed to have died in a building collapse, his wife travels to the region to find him, believing him to be in the city of Vukovar. Travelling through the war-torn landscape, she arrives in the city, and bears witness to the massacre which took place there. Back home, Harrison's son Cesar cares for his father's flowers in their greenhouse."] ['Polly Fulton  is the only daughter of rich industrialist B.F. Fulton . She is involved in a long engagement to lawyer Bob Tasmin ([[Richard Hart , a pleasant, dependable gentleman who has the full approval of her family. Then she meets brash intellectual Tom Brett , who blames many of the world\'s problems on the rich. Tom and Polly heartily dislike each other at first, but she finds him exciting compared to the likable "stuffed shirt" Tasmin. Soon Tom and Polly fall passionately in love and get married. Tom has a tense relationship with Polly\'s family from the start. And when he gradually realizes that his in-laws are using their connections to advance his career, he is not grateful but bitter. Polly is painfully torn between her strong-willed husband and her devoted father, whom everyone calls "B.F." When World War II arrives, Tom takes a high-level civilian position in Washington, doing work that he cannot talk about. He and Polly rarely see each other and begin to lead separate lives. Two wartime developments eventually bring the relationship to a crisis point. Polly hears a rumor that Tom is having an affair. And she is stunned by a news report that Bob Tasmin, now a dashing military officer happily married to Polly\'s best friend, has apparently been killed on a mission behind enemy lines. As the truth about both situations is revealed, Polly and Tom will finally confront their own problems face to face and learn what they really mean to each other.'] ['A secret meeting is held in order to determine the method by which the Nazi government is to implement Adolf Hitler\'s policy &mdash; that the German sphere of influence should be free of Jews, including those in the occupied terrorities of Poland, Latvia, Estonia, Czechoslovakia and France. As the film opens, various officials from different German agencies arrive and mingle at a lakeside villa in Wannsee, where SS-Obersturmbannführer  Adolf Eichmann, SS Officer for Jewish Affairs, has meticulously planned the meeting. Among those present: * Wilhelm Stuckart, a lawyer representing the Interior Ministry and co-author of the anti-semitic Nuremberg laws * Friedrich Wilhelm Kritzinger, deputy head of the Reich Chancellery * Gerhard Klopfer, a lawyer from the Nazi Party Chancellery * Martin Luther, Foreign Ministry liaison to the SS * Heinrich Müller, Gestapo Chief and Eichmann\'s immediate superior * Reinhard Heydrich, Heinrich Himmler\'s right hand man in the SS, who begins by explaining the purpose of the meeting. It is quickly established by those present that there is a significant "Jewish problem", in that the Jews of Europe cannot be efficiently contained, nor can they be forced onto other countries. Kritzinger interrupts at several points to opine that the meeting is pointless, given that the Jewish Question had previously been settled, but Heydrich promises to revisit his concerns. A discussion follows of the possibilities of sterilization, and of the exemptions for mixed race Jews who have one or more non-Jewish grandparents. At this point, Stuckart loses his temper and insists that a sturdy legal framework is paramount, and that ad hoc application of standards will lead to administrative chaos. He also chides Klopfer for his simplistic portrayal of Jews as subhuman beasts, simultaneously painting his own picture of Jews as clever, manipulative and untrustworthy. Heydrich calls a break in the proceedings, and takes Stuckart aside to warn him about the consequences of his stubbornness, implying that others in the SS will take an unwanted interest in his actions. When the meeting reconvenes, Heydrich steers the discussion in the direction of wholesale extermination using gas chambers. This causes consternation among many of the attendees, notably Kritzinger, who objects on the grounds that Hitler had given him personal guarantees that extermination of the Jews was not being considered, and representatives of the General Government administration, who are shocked to discover that the SS have been building death camps and making preparations for the "Final Solution" under their noses. By this time it has become clear to everyone at the meeting that they have been called together not to discuss the problem but to be given orders by the SS, who are intent on wresting control of the operation from other agencies such as the Interior Ministry and the Reich Chancellery. Eichmann now describes the method that will be used, i.e. the gassing of Jews. Many have already been killed in specially-designed trucks and his figures include tens of thousands of victims. He even describes their bodies as coming out "pink" , at which point one of the officials is suddenly taken ill. He later puts it down to a bad cigar. A break is called and this time it is Kritzinger\'s turn to be taken aside and intimidated by Heydrich, who warns that Kritzinger is influential but not invulnerable. Heydrich tells Kritzinger that he wants not only consent but active support, and Kritzinger realizes that any hopes he had of assuring livable conditions for the Jewish population are unrealistic. In return, he tells Heydrich a cautionary tale about a man consumed by hatred of his father, so much so that his life loses its meaning once his father dies; Heydrich later reflects that a similar fate awaits them if they allow their lives to revolve around antisemitism. Heydrich then recalls and concludes the meeting, giving clear directives that the SS are to be obeyed in all matters relating to the elimination of the Jews. He also asks for explicit assent and support from each official, one by one. After giving careful instructions on the secrecy of the minutes and notes of the meeting, they are adjourned and begin to depart. As the servants at the villa tidy away the remains of the meeting, and the officials depart, a brief account of the fate of each one is given.'] [' Dr. Fuentes  is a medical professor/doctor near his retirement and his wife has recently died. He taught a group of seven -he views this as one of his greatest accomplishments- that trains young people to provide health care to impoverished citizens in the outlying hill country, where small agricultural communities struggle to survive. It is not until he begins his journey that he discovers a world much different than the one he had imagined existing for his students as he finds himself encountering guerrillas and soldiers. Fuentes has recently heard rumors that his former students are lost and possibly dead, so he musters up the courage and travels into the outlands to investigate. As Fuentes digs into the jungle in search of his students, he discovers that "men with guns have reached them first, his students being menaced by many men with guns  . This indicates military forces who use torture and execution to intimidate people. He discovers that the guerillas from opposition political groups are only marginally less aggressive. On his journey he accumulates a few travelling companions: Padre Portillo , a deprived  priest who has lost his faith; Domingo , a deserter from the Army without a country; Conejo , an orphan who survives by stealing; and Graciela , a woman who has turned mute after she was raped by the military. Fuentes finds that his journey is revealing but also perilous the deeper he ventures. He ends up travelling into the hill country, looking for his last student, who is rumored to be living in an Edenic village high in the mountains, safe from the violence which has engulfed the countryside. As the doctor and his companions get closer to this half-mythical place, the journey becomes a quest for both safety and an assurance for Fuentes that his life has had some meaning.'] ["{{see also}} The movie revolves around real-life Lithuanian seaman Simas Kudirka, a radio operator on a Soviet fish processing vessel. When his ship meets at sea with a U.S. Coast Guard cutter near Martha's Vineyard in early 1970, Kudirka makes a dramatic leap from the deck, landing on the USCGC Vigilant. He announces that he wishes to defect, but confusion over U.S. policy on defections prevent the Americans from offering him asylum. As the crew of the Vigilant looks on helplessly, Soviet officers are allowed to board the cutter, beat and bind Kudirka, and drag him back to his own ship. This tinderbox political incident occurs during a Soviet/U.S. conference over fishing rights. The ultimate fate of Simas Kudirka provides the core of the script.Allmovie.com - The Defection of Simas Kudirka"] ['The basic plot concept bears a strong similarity to the earlier movie Red Sun , also featuring Toshiro Mifune.'] ['When a district attorney who has been investigating a utility company\'s directors for fraud is suddenly killed, his wisecracking newspaperman friend ([[Pat O\'Brien  gets curious. He and the upstanding new district attorney ([[Neil Hamilton  separately pursue the case. Cultivated but sinister businessmen, a shady nightclub owner specializing in "import and export", several beautiful young women always seen in evening gowns, a "Latin lover" type who reads Casanova and an abundance of suave men in evening dress provide eye-candy for the duration.'] ["In 1558, the Roman Catholic Mary I of England dies of a cancerous tumour in her uterus, leaving her Protestant half-sister Elizabeth as queen. Elizabeth had previously been jailed for a supposed conspiracy to murder Mary but has now been freed for her coronation. The film shows Elizabeth being courted by suitors  and urged by William Cecil, 1st Baron Burghley to marry, which, as he states, would secure her throne. Instead, she has a secret affair with her childhood sweetheart, Robert Dudley, Earl of Leicester. The affair is, however, no secret from Cecil—who makes it clear that a monarch has no private life. Elizabeth deals with various threats to her reign, including The Duke of Norfolk; her Catholic cousin, Mary, Queen of Scots, who conspires to have her murdered; agent of Scotland, Mary of Guise, who allies with France to attack England's forces. Elizabeth permanently banishes Dudley from her private presence when she finds out that he is married. Elizabeth feels that such relations could give a man too much power over her. Moreover, cutting off her relations with Dudley is part of the process by which she becomes increasingly tough and assertive—in one scene she carefully prepares and rehearses the speech she would deliver to a recalcitrant Parliament and force through her religious reforms. She also becomes capable of occasional ruthless behaviour—as in unflinchingly ordering the execution of those who she considers dangerous to her rule, as well as taking up as her right-hand man the Machiavellian Walsingham, who thinks nothing of torturing people or killing with his own hands. At the end of the film, Norfolk is executed for his conspiracy and Mary of Guise is assassinated by Elizabeth's advisor, Francis Walsingham. All this is a considerable change from the warm-hearted, rather romantic girl which Elizabeth was in the early parts of the film; remaining such would have been incompatible with being a queen who actually ruled and dominated the men around her, and her transformation is a major theme of the film. The film ends with Elizabeth cutting her hair by Kat and assuming the white-faced and gowned persona of the 'Virgin Queen', and initiating England's Golden Age. She sits down and the screen cuts to black."] ['The film tells the story of a Sephardi family of Egyptian Jewish immigrants from Alexandria that settle in 1947 Tel Aviv. The family consists of a 33-year-old widowed wife, Clara,  and her four children. They live in a working-class neighborhood surrounded by their extended family, including Clara\'s mother Mazal, Clara\'s uncle Rafael, and Sultana, his wife. The plot centers on the firstborn, Sami, his transition from a shy 15-year-old to a working man and an activist in the "Irgun" , and the romantic attachment he develops with a 25-year-old Russian immigrant librarian . In addition to this, Clara struggles between social pressure to take a husband and her own complex feelings surrounding this, complicated by another Sephardi Egyptian, played by Yosef Shiloach, who has strong feelings for her. The movie is a vivid and very credible description of the lives of Sephardi immigrant families on the eve of the declaration of the state of Israel, as well as the escalating violence between British forces and the local populace, as well as Palestinian Arab violence towards Jews.'] ["The film follows Muhammad starting with Islam's beginnings in Mecca in which the Muslims are persecuted for their beliefs, the exodus to Medina, and ending with the Muslims' triumphant return to Mecca. A number of crucial events, such as the Battle of Badr and Battle of Uhud are depicted, and the majority of the story is told from the point-of-view of peripheral individuals such as Hamza ibn `Abd al-Muttalib , Abu Sufyan  and his wife Hind bint Utbah ."] ['The plot of the film revolves around Parvez , a Pakistani-born taxi driver and a tolerant, secular Muslim. His life takes an unexpected dark turn when his son Farid converts to fundamentalist Islam, leading to a family breakdown and social conflict. According to Rachel Donadio, a New York Times writer and editor, the film\'s theme is encapsulated in a pivotal scene: One of the most revealing insights into Britain’s recent social history comes early in “My Son the Fanatic,” Hanif Kureishi’s tender and darkly prescient 1997 film. It’s morning in an unnamed city in northern England, and Parvez, a secular Pakistani immigrant taxi driver brilliantly portrayed by Om Puri, watches Farid, his increasingly devout college-age son, sell his electric guitar. “Where is that going?” Parvez asks Farid as the buyer drives off. “You used to love making a terrible noise with these instruments!” Farid, played by Akbar Kurtha, looks at his father with irritation. “You always said there were more important things than ‘Stairway to Heaven,’ ” he says impatiently in his thick northern English accent. “You couldn’t have been more right.”<ref name2&orefbooks&pagewantedslogin NYT Profile]". Retrieved on August24, 2008.'] ['A young archaeological apprentice played by David Charvet is drawn into a perilous expedition deep beneath the timeless sands of Egypt. They encounter ancient monsters and escape death traps. Through the expedition they discover a secret older than time and a danger beyond imagination. The "sleepers" have awoken. The gods have arisen. And the countdown to the end of the world has begun. The movie was completed in 2007, but has still not been publicly released as of 2012.'] ["Lyndon B. Johnson wins the 1964 U.S. presidential election by a landslide. His administration strives to advance civil rights and do other good work, but the Vietnam War consumes it. Johnson's civilian and military leaders persuade him to take America's involvement in Vietnam deeper and deeper, against the advice of the President's trusted adviser, Clark Clifford, who opposes the strategy of the Cabinet's Secretary of Defense, Robert McNamara. The film examines Johnson's often misunderstood and challenging presidency, concluding with his decision not to run for re-election in 1968."] ['The film takes place in a fictional central African country  amidst a civil war. It features as main characters two young friends, Koni  and Djimi , whose peaceful existence is interrupted when the central government irrupts in their village harassing them and browbeating the villagers into paying new taxes to help fight the civil war.  A heated discussion ensues, which degenerates, causing the death of a government official, which causes in retaliation the burning of the village and the massacre of its inhabitants. Koni and Djimi now pass with others to the rebellion, but the rebels eventually split, with Djimi remaining with the hardliners and Koni going instead with a faction which supports compromise with the government, thus estranging the two friends. Koni will later be executed in a coup, while Djimi will leave the rebels and return to his home village with a war widow and a sewing machine left to him by a fallen combatant, with which he can attempt to start a new life for himself and his family.Daresalam Director Issa Coelo, in speaking of his film, explains he wanted to expose the vicious circle that originates when a despotic government causes the outbreak of a civil war, which ends to feed itself endlessly, as each power maintains itself through despotism, thus generating its own armed opposition. In Coelo\'s words, "war becomes the only economy of the country. Violence, the only way of speech and communication possible. ... With in mind the myth of Cain and Abel, Daresalam narrates how this war machine finishes to put one against the other two friends, at the beginning moved by the same ideals. This story is meant to be a speech against war and for humanity\'s survival."Daresalam - Fiche film -Ministère des Affaires étrangères'] ["{{seealso}} The film is set in 1967 to 1968. The attractive Kamila Sakowicz  and Roman Rożek  are lovers. At first Kamila does not know that Roman is an officer in the Polish secret State Security. After some time, he invites her into his apartment. After several nights of passion Roman asks Kamila for a favor. Kamila is to approach the well-known writer and literature professor Adam Warczewski  and report on his views and contacts. Kamila selects the pseudonym Różyczka . Roman claims Warczewski is a Zionist counter-revolutionary hiding his Jewish name Wajner behind the Polish name Warczewski. Kamila is approaching the professor who invites her to his home and introduces her to classical music and the Polish exile literature. The professor is a widower and single father of a young daughter. The relationship between Kamila and Warczewskis family gets closer and the reports for the state security more detailed and interesting. Finally, the professor and Kamila become lovers. Roman continues to receive top stories, but his jealousy is as big as his professional ambition. When the Polish government stops a theatre play due to anti-Soviet propaganda, Warczewski calls a meeting of the PEN Club to protest. Kamila is the secretary of the meeting, and she forwards the minutes to the State Security with her termination of cooperation. She wants to marry the professor. Roman is desperate in his jealousy and informs Warczewski about Kamila's collaboration with the State Security. After the suppression of the riots Władysław Gomułka frames Warczewski as an example of Jewish anti-socialist elements in Polish society. The anti-Semitic mood forces 15,000 Jewish citizens to leave Poland. At the same time, however, Rożek, whose name was originally Jewish Rosen, is unmasked and released from State Security. He also has to leave the country. In a final act of jealousy, he kills the professor."] ['Trembling Before G-d interviews and follows several gay and lesbian Orthodox Jews, many only seen in silhouette, and also interviews several rabbis and psychologists regarding their views on homosexuality in Orthodox Judaism. The film repeatedly returns to several characters: David is an observant Orthodox Jewish doctor from Los Angeles who has spent a decade trying to reconcile his homosexuality with Judaism. He has tried numerous forms of "treatment", from eating figs and praying to wearing a rubber band on his wrist to flick whenever he thinks of men, but to no avail.<ref name1353371 Trembling before G-d], Hollywoodreporter.com. Retrieved February 18, 2007. During the course of the film, David decides to visit the Chabad rabbi to whom he first came out.Tremblingbeforeg-d.com, Who\'s Who. Retrieved March 9, 2007. Israel is a 58-year-old New Yorker who decided he couldn\'t be gay and Orthodox, and turned his back on his religion, though not before his family forced him into electroshock therapy to try to cure him. Now a tour guide around the Haredi neighborhoods of New York, the film follows him as he gives a tour, psychoanalyzes himself and decides, on the 25th anniversary of being with his life partner, to call his 98-year-old father, a rabbi, whom he has not seen in over twenty years.<ref namehttp://www.calendarlive.com/movies/reviews/cl-movie000013084feb20,0,2776571.story|date DASHBot}} Michelle is another New Yorker, in her forties, who believed she was the only Hasidic lesbian in the world and as a consequence allowed herself to be pressured into marriage. However, she got divorced and was subsequently ostracized by her family and community when they discovered she was homosexual. The film shows her visiting her old neighborhood and an Orthodox fair.Armstrong, Rod, Reel Review: Trembling Before G-d, Reel.com. Retrieved February 18, 2007. Rabbi Steven Greenberg, one of the founding members of the Jerusalem Open House, a gay rights organization in Israel which provides support to gay Orthodox Jews and their families, who is sometimes called "the world’s first openly gay Orthodox rabbi",{{cite web}} discusses parents\' reactions to their children coming out, as well as traditional interpretations of the prohibitions on homosexual acts in the Torah. Shlomo Ashkenazy is a gay psychotherapist who has run a confidential support group for Orthodox gay men for nearly 20 years.<ref name432 Trembling Before G-d], Slant Magazine. Retrieved February 18, 2007. Mark is the English son of a Haredi rabbi. Coming out at 15, he was expelled from seven yeshivas for homosexual activity before becoming a drag queen, and is now dying of AIDS-related illness. He visits several yeshivas and other religious sites throughout the film.French, Philip , Trembling Before G-d, The Observer. Retrieved February 18, 2007. He remains upbeat, at one point saying, "Being a Jew is such a nice present to receive." "Malka" and "Leah" are two observant Orthodox lesbians who have been together for ten years, which has destroyed Malka\'s relationship with her family. They speak frankly about their lives in the film and discuss their fears that they may not end up in heaven together. They are shown preparing for Shabbat, and Leah gives advice to a married Hasidic lesbian who is terrified her husband will find out and take away her children.Burke, Brian , Trembling Before G-d, DVDVerdict.com. Retrieved February 18, 2007. The film follows her as she attends her first gay pride parade, where she is offended by the anti-Orthodox sentiment of its speakers.'] ['Spanning several cities and over a decade, Summer Palace tells the story of Yu Hong , a young woman from the border-city of Tumen, who is accepted to the fictional Beiqing University, a name that evokes either Peking University  or Tsinghua University . While in school, Yu Hong meets Li Ti, her best friend , and Zhou Wei, her college boyfriend and the love of her life . The film is divided into two parts. The first begins in the late 1980s , as Yu Hong enters the university. Lonely and isolated despite the cramped living conditions, Yu Hong eventually befriends another student, Li Ti, who introduces her to her boyfriend Ruo Gu , and Ruo Gu\'s friend Zhou Wei. Yu Hong and Zhou Wei embark upon a passionate but volatile love affair just as political forces are moving towards Tiananmen Square. Two events then bring the first half of the film to a close: First, Zhou Wei, incensed at the jealousy and emotional instability of his girlfriend, begins to have an affair with Li Ti; and second, the crackdown occurs on the students on Tiananmen Square and on the campus of Beida. During all of this, Yu Hong\'s old boyfriend Xiao Jun  from Tumen arrives and the two of them leave, Yu Hong deciding that she will drop out from the university. The film then fast forwards several years, as Lou Ye intersperses the travels of his three main characters with news footage of the end of the Cold War, and the 1997 Hong Kong handover. Yu Hong has left Tumen again, first for Shenzhen, and then for the central China city of Wuhan, while Li Ti and Ruo Gu have moved to Berlin. Yu Hong is unable to forget Zhou Wei, and has empty affairs with a married man and a kind but quiet mailroom worker. The film follows her disaffection with society and her use of sex as a substitute for contentment. Eventually discovering that she is pregnant, Yu Hong gets an abortion and moves to Chongqing where she marries. Li Ti, Ruo Gu, and Zhou Wei, meanwhile, live a quiet life as expatriates in Berlin. While Li Ti and Zhou Wei still occasionally make love, the former quietly realizes that the latter does not love her. Though the three friends appear happy, when Zhou Wei plans to return home to China and settle in the city of Chongqing, Li Ti suddenly commits suicide. There he connects with former classmates who in turn point him to Yu Hong\'s email address. After more than ten years, Zhou Wei and Yu Hong at last reunite in the resort city of Beidaihe. While they embrace, they ask each other, "Now what?" When Yu Hong leaves, ostensibly to buy drinks, Zhou Wei understands that they can never be together and leaves as well.'] ["Kikuyu tribal members work on Henry McKenzie's farm in 1940s Kenya. Two young men, Kenyan native Kimani and Henry's son Peter, have grown up together, almost like brothers. Prejudices surface when Peter's brother-in-law Jeff Newton slaps the face of Kimani after his request to use a rifle. Kimani leaves the farm, but is carried back by Peter after having caught his foot in a trap. Mau Mau tribesmen plot an insurrection as Kenya's tensions rise. Kimani sides with them and is asked to steal a supply of rifles as a test. He parts ways for many years with Peter, who becomes a safari leader to help raise money for the farm. His fiancee Holly Keith arrives and they intend to marry. Kimani impregnates the daughter of a Mau Mau trible elder. A raid on the farm results in the murders of Newton and his children. British forces retaliate by bombing a Mau Mau encampment, taking tribesmen prisoner and torturing them. Peter wants to continue his life in Africa, but troubles worsen when Holly must fight off Mau Mau warriors. Henry hastily gets her and Newton's wife to safety in Nairobi. Peter goes looking for Kimani, who has been identified as the leader of the Mau Mau raiding party that killed his brother-in-law and Newton's children. They fight to the death, Kimani ultimately falling into a pit of bamboo spikes."] ['In 1928 Hollywood, director Leo Andreyev  looks through photographs for actors for his next movie. When he comes to the picture of an aged Sergius Alexander , he pauses, then tells his assistant  to cast the man. Sergius shows up at the Eureka Studio with a horde of other extras and is issued a general\'s uniform. As he is dressing, another actor complains that his continual head twitching is distracting. Sergius apologizes and explains that it is the result of a great shock he once experienced. The film then flashes back ten years to Czarist Russia, which is in the midst of the Communist Revolution. Grand Duke Sergius Alexander, the Czar\'s cousin and commander of all his armies, is informed by his adjutant that two actors entertaining the troops have been identified as dangerous "revolutionists" during a routine passport check. He decides to toy with them for his amusement. When one of them, Leo Andreyev, becomes insolent, Sergius whips him across the face and has him jailed. Leo\'s companion, the beautiful Natalie Dabrova , is an entirely different matter. She intrigues Sergius. Despite the danger she poses, he takes her along with him. After a week, he gives her a pearl necklace as a token of his feelings for her. She comes to realize that he is at heart a man of great honor who loves Russia as deeply as she does. When she invites him to her room, he spots a partially hidden pistol, but deliberately turns his back to her. She draws the weapon, but cannot fire. Despite their political differences, she has fallen in love with him. When the Bolsheviks capture the train on which they are traveling, she pretends to despise him. Instead of having him shot out of hand like his officers, she suggests they have him stoke coal into the locomotive all the way to Petrograd, where he will be publicly hanged. When everyone is drunk, however, she helps him escape, giving him back the pearl necklace to finance his way out of the country. Sergius jumps from the train, then watches in horror as it tumbles off a nearby bridge into the icy river below, taking Natalie with it. Ten years later, Sergius is reduced to poverty, eking out a living as a Hollywood extra. When he and the director finally meet, Sergius recognizes him. Leo, in an ironic act calculated to humiliate him, casts him as a Russian general in a battle scene. He is directed to give a speech to a group of actors playing his dispirited men. When one soldier tries to incite a mutiny, telling the general that "you\'ve given your last command", he whips the man in the face as instructed, just as he had once struck Leo. Slowly losing his grip on reality, he imagines himself genuinely on the battlefield and passionately urges them to fight for Russia. Overstraining himself, he dies, inquiring with his last words if they have won. Moved, Leo tells him they have. The assistant remarks, "That guy was a great actor." Leo replies, "He was more than a great actor - he was a great man."'] ['The film begins during a thunderstorm in 1505 as Luther is returning to his home. For fear of losing his life in the storm, Luther commits his life to God and becomes a monk. In the next scene it is 1507 and Luther is a monk in Erfurt. During his time at the monastery, he is constantly troubled by viewing God as a God of hate and vengeance. Martin is encouraged by Johann von Staupitz, an older monk who is his supervisor and mentor. Staupitz tells Luther to look to Christ instead of himself. Later Luther delivers a letter for Staupitz to Rome where he becomes troubled by the wicked lifestyles of those in the city. He also views the skull believed to be that of John the Baptist and purchases an indulgence. It is during this time that Luther begins to question the veracity of indulgences. Returning to Germany, Luther begins to teach his congregation that God is not a God of hate, but a God of love. Luther begins to emphasize the love of God instead of his judgment. John Tetzel then comes close to Luther\'s town where he scares the people into buying indulgences.  In his church, Luther denounces the indulgences, calling them "just a piece of paper." He then posts 95 theses on the door of the church, calling for an open debate regarding the indulgences. For this act, Luther is called to Augsburg where he is questioned by the church officials. After his excommunication, Pope Leo X orders Luther to be delivered to Rome, but Frederick the Wise of Saxony protects him. Frederick and Charles V, Holy Roman Emperor decide that Luther will be tried at Worms. After his trial at Worms, Luther is forced into hiding with Frederick the Wise, while his former professor, Andreas Karlstadt, encourages the peasants to revolt against the oppressive nobles. Luther, shocked by the revolts, encourages the princes to put down the rebellion. Meanwhile, Luther translates the Bible into German. After Luther marries Katharina von Bora, Charles V summons the electors of the Holy Roman Empire to Augsburg so he can force them to outlaw Protestantism and the German Bible. The nobles refuse and Charles is forced to allow the nobles to read their confession of faith. The film ends with the following words:  What happened at Augsburg pushed open the door of religious freedom. Martin Luther lived for another 16 years, preaching and teaching the Word. He and Katharina von Bora enjoyed a happy marriage and six children. Luther\'s influence extended into economics, politics, education and music, and his translation of the Bible became a foundation stone of the German language. Today over 540 million people worship in churches inspired by his Reformation.'] ['{{Expand section}} The movie deals with the story of Afrikaner poet Anna Malan  and an American journalist, Langston Whitfield , sent to South Africa to report about the South African Truth and Reconciliation Commission hearings.'] ['The film\'s narrative unfolds in a long flashback. David Carr has died at an old age and his granddaughter discovers old letters, newspapers and other documents in his room: what we see in the film is what he had lived. Carr, a young unemployed worker and member of the Communist Party, leaves Liverpool and travels to Spain to join the International Brigades. He crosses the Catalan border and coincidentally ends up enlisted in a POUM militia commanded by Lawrence, in the Aragon front. In this company, as in all POUM militias, men and women &mdash; such as the young and enthusiastic Maite &mdash; fight together. In the following weeks and months he becomes friends with other foreign volunteers, like the French Bernard, and he falls in love with Blanca, a member of POUM, who is also the ideologue of his group. After being wounded and recovering in a hospital in Barcelona, he finally joins &mdash; in accordance with his original plan and against the opinion of Blanca &mdash; the government-backed International Brigades, and he encounters the Stalinist propaganda and repression against POUM members and anarchists; he then returns to his old company, only to see them rounded up by a government unit requiring their surrender: in a brief clash Blanca is killed. After her funeral he returns to Great Britain with a red neckerchief full of Spanish earth. Finally the film comes back to the present, and we see Carr\'s funeral, in which his granddaughter throws the Spanish earth into his grave after speaking lines from "The Day Is Coming"http://www.marxists.org/archive/morris/works/1885/chants/poems/poem1.htm, a poem by William Morris. Afterwards she performs a raised fist salute, honouring his beliefs.'] ["The movie takes place in present-day Mexico. The movie is about the misunderstanding between the Roman Catholics & mestizo versus the Nahuas. The main conflict in the film is between the Nahuas and everyone else on an ancient text, part in Nahuatl and part in Spanish, called the Colloquium of the Adoration of the King. The Catholic cura accuses the Nahuas of blasphmey since the text is over the discussion between Archangel Miguel & Santo Luzbel seeing them as equals instead of good & evil. The Nahuas want to perform it in full costume in the town's church, much to the dismay of the everyone else."] ['John Cassellis  is a television news cameraman. In one of the opening scenes, a group of cameramen and journalists are discussing the ethical responsibilities within their profession: When should filming a gruesome scene end and human responsibility to try to save a life begin? As viewers we are presented with issues such as violence as spectacle, political and social discontent, extreme racism, and class divisions. The film is constantly juggling documentary footage with feature film image. Among his sources, Wexler uses footage from military training camps in Illinois for military troops preparing for planned demonstrations by students and anti-war activists during the Democratic National Convention later that summer. Cassellis is seemingly hardened to ethical and social issues; he is more concerned with pursuing women like Ruth . Yet once Cassellis finds out that his news station has been providing the stories and information gathered by the cameramen and news journalists to the FBI, he becomes enraged. The news station creates an excuse to fire him, and Cassellis is let go. Subsequently, Cassellis meets a widow, Eileen, whose husband has died in the Vietnam War. Eileen  and her son, Harold, have moved from West Virginia to Chicago and Cassellis grows fond of them both. The film concludes with a scene in which Eileen is walking through rioting crowds, based on Wexler\'s footage of students in Chicago demonstrating during the Democratic National Convention in the summer of 1968. Her son has gone missing and she is desperately seeking Cassellis for help, but he is filming the convention. As a result, the fictional story and real-life brutality merge. The director explained that he planned his principal filming schedule to coincide with the convention, expecting that a riot would occur. The 1968 Democratic National Convention protest activity resulted in a riot. There was a Congressional Investigation that concluded that this riot was a "police riot" based on massive evidence that the police moved in with violence on a mostly legal demonstration. The title comes from Marshall McLuhan\'s work in which he described TV as a "cool" medium. The "cooler" the medium, "the more someone has to uncover and engage in the media" in order to "fill in the blanks." The movie questions the role and responsibilities of television and its newscasts. The music in the film was assembled by guitarist Mike Bloomfield . The film features contemporary music from the early Mothers of Invention albums by rock musician Frank Zappa, as well as the Love instrumental "Emotions" over the opening credits. Wexler has said the scene under the opening credits with the bike messenger delivering film to the television station was inspired by the film, Black Orpheus .'] ["Trotsky had been forced to leave the Soviet Union in 1929. It is now 1940 and he is living in Mexico. He has not escaped the attention of the current ruler of the Soviet Union, Joseph Stalin, who sends out an assassin named Frank Jackson. The killer decides to infiltrate Trotsky's house by befriending one of the young communists in Trotsky's circle."] ["Nikolai 'Kolya' Rodchenko  is a Soviet ballet dancer who had defected from the Soviet Union. The plane carrying him to Tokyo has to make a forced landing in Siberia, and he is recognized by KGB officer Colonel Chaiko . Chaiko then contacts African-American tap dancer, Raymond Greenwood , who has defected to the Soviet Union and gets them both to Leningrad. Chaiko wants Rodchenko to dance at the season's opening night at the Kirov, and Greenwood to babysit Rodchenko. To convince Rodchenko, Chaiko uses Galina Ivanova , a former ballerina who never left the Soviet Union and is an old flame of Rodchenko. After an initial period of racial and artistic friction, the two dancers  become strong friends. When Raymond finds that his wife Darya  is pregnant, he decides he doesn't want his son to grow up in the Soviet Union, and together with Rodchenko they plan an escape, with the help from Galina, who still has feelings for Nikolai. While the escape plan is going on, Raymond chooses to stay behind to delay Chaiko, gaining time for Nikolai and Darya to get to the American Consulate at Leningrad. Even though Raymond is incarcerated when the whole plan is revealed, he is finally traded by the Russians for a prisoner from America, and reunites with his wife and Nikolai."] ['Natha Das ManikPuri , better known as Natha, is a poor farmer from the village of Peepli in "Mukhya Pradesh", who struggles to farm enough money for his family made up of his elder brother, Budhia Das Manikpuri , his wife, Dhaniya  and his ailing mother, Amma , who spends most of her time lying down and screaming at Natha and Dhaniya. Natha and Budhia often pretend to go out farming when actually they save up whatever money they have to buy alcohol. This has left the whole family famished and now the banks are demanding repayment of loans or else the family will be stripped off their land and house. In the meantime, the Mukhya Pradesh Government have called a by-election due to continuous criticism of their blind eye towards the desperate poverty that surrounds India\'s largest state. The opposition Apna Dal Party believe they have a chance to form the government in this election as the people have lost faith in the long-serving Sammaan Party and its Chief Minister, Ram Babu Yadav  who, along with Federal Agriculture Minister, Saleem Kidwai , believes in the industrialization of rural areas. To save his land and to save his family from becoming homeless, Natha, encouraged by his brother, decides to commit suicide after he attends a session with the rural headmen for help and they suggest him that committing suicide is a good way to get money waived off, after which his family will receive heavy compensation for his death. While Natha and his brother are discussing the same at a local tea stall, this news gets reported by Rakesh, a local reporter from Peepli. This report then gets picked up and highlighted by the national English news channels and reaches the Chief Minister. The media starts surrounding Peepli sensing the possibility of a sensational suicide story. One ITVN journalist particularly keen on filming the event of Natha\'s death is Daytime Presenter, Nandita Malik . She joins the local reporter Rakesh Kapoor  and takes desperate measures to interview Natha and his family on the subject of Natha\'s suicide. However things get more tricky when rival Hindi news channel, "Bharat Live" finds out about Natha and Peepli. The news channel clashes with ITVN and each try to film Natha\'s death in their own manner. The Sammaan Party also soon discover Natha\'s plans and try to buy off Natha with sops to prevent him from committing suicide. Opposition Parties like the Apna Dal and the CPI also get involved and plan to use Natha as a path to power in the elections. Peepli soon becomes the centre of attention across Mukhya Pradesh. Nandita\'s frantic attempts to interview Natha get worse when Rakesh does not find Natha or anyone else in Peepli to interview. She seems unimpressed with Rakesh\'s compassionate stand towards Natha and believes that as reporters their duty lies in reporting and following the news and nothing else. On the other hand, "Bharat Live" continues to be successful in their attempts to interview. Yet as time goes on, Natha does not die. Meanwhile the Sammaan Party realize that if Natha commits suicide, they will lose the elections. The rural headmen secretly kidnap Natha and hold to ransom for money from the opposition. Yet their plans are foiled when Rakesh discovers Deepak and his men holding Natha hostage at a Peepli barn. A rush occurs when people from Apna Dal, the CPI, ITVN, Bharat Live and Peepli villagers all rush to find Natha. In the confusion, a spillage accident from a Petromax lamp sets fire to the barn, which explodes and Rakesh is killed. The Government officials mistake Rakesh for Natha and refuse to pay Natha\'s family the compensation money due to the death being an accident. Meanwhile Natha is in fact alive and flees to Gurgaon and is seen working as a daily laborer in the construction industry. His family loses their land to the bank.'] ['Oliver Cromwell is a courageous and God-fearing country squire, magistrate and former member of Parliament. King Charles I\'s policies, including the enclosing of common land for the use of wealthy landowners and the introduction of "Popish" and "Romish" rituals into the Church of England, have become increasingly annoying to many, including Cromwell. In fact Charles regards himself as a devout Anglican, permitting his French Queen to practise Roman Catholicism in private but forbidding her to bring up the young Prince of Wales in that faith. Cromwell plans to take his family to the New World, but, on the eve of their departure, he is persuaded by his friends to stay and resume a role in politics. Charles has summoned Parliament for the first time in eleven years, as he needs money in order to fight wars against the Scots and the Irish. Although he reluctantly agrees to execute his hated adviser the Earl of Strafford, the Parliament of England will still not grant him his requests unless he agrees to reforms that could lead to a constitutional monarchy. Committed to the divine right of kings, and under pressure from his queen to stand firm, Charles refuses. When he attempts to arrest five members of Parliament , war breaks out in England itself, Parliament against the king, both sides convinced that God is on their side. When the Parliamentary forces in which Cromwell is a cavalry officer proved ineffective, he sets up the New Model Army and soon turns the tide against the king. Charles goes so far as to call on help from Catholic nations, which disgusts his Protestant supporters. He is finally defeated but, a brave man in his own way, he still refuses to give in to the demands of Cromwell and his associates for a system of government in which Parliament will have as much say in the running of the country as the king. Cromwell—who has had to maintain discipline in the highly politicised New Model Army by hanging a ringleader of an incipient mutiny—later hears from Sir Edward Hyde, the king\'s once-loyal adviser, that Charles has secretly been raising a Catholic army to resume the war against Parliament. He and his supporters thus have Charles put on trial for treason. Charles, found guilty and sentenced to death, faces execution bravely and even his most ardent critics are moved by his dignity. There is little celebration or satisfaction over his death, even on Cromwell\'s part. However, Parliament soon proves itself just as useless in governing the country and, like the late king, Cromwell is forced to undertake a coup d\'etat. But where Charles failed, Cromwell succeeds: his troops remove the MPs from the House of Commons, leaving Cromwell sitting symbolically alone in the Chamber as virtual dictator. The movie ends with a voice-over stating that Cromwell served very successfully for five years as Lord Protector before Charles I\'s son, Charles II, returned as king of an England "never to be the same again".'] ['Hanna K. is the story of Hanna Kaufman, a child of Holocaust survivors and an American-Jewish immigrant to Israel, who is a court-appointed lawyer assigned to defend a Palestinian, Salim Bakri, accused of terrorism and infiltration. Salim claims that he was trying to regain possession of his family house. Hanna saves him from a jail sentence, but he is deported to Jordan. Salim eventually returns, is jailed for illegal immigration, and he again asks for her services. Hanna investigates the story and discovered that Salim’s family home is now a tourist attraction in Kafr Rimon, a settlement built and lived in by Russian Jews. Bakri’s former village of Kufr Rumaneh has disappeared except for a few stones and trees. The state’s attorneys offer Hanna a deal: if she drops the proceedings, they will arrange for Salim to become a South African citizen, and he can then return to Israel and try to get his property back. Hanna is confronted with the fact that one legacy of the Holocaust was the disposition of the Palestinians while her colleagues attempt to persuade her of the merits of the arrangement for Salim with the argument that Israel must be “defended” even if Palestinians are denied their rights.Edward Said’s review of Hanna K., The Village Voice, Oct. 11, 1983, p. 45 The film contained a number of aesthetic problems and Hanna’s personal life at times overshadowed and muddled the political aspects of the story.{{Citation needed}} Nevertheless, Edward Said, Parr Professor of English Literature at Columbia University, commented: “As a political as well as cinematic intervention, then Hanna K. is a statement of a great and I believe, lasting significance.”'] ['During the course of a burglary, master jewel thief Luther Whitney  witnesses Secret Service agents killing Christy Sullivan , the beautiful young wife of elderly billionaire Walter Sullivan , during her drunken rendezvous with Alan Richmond , the President of the United States. Walter Sullivan is Richmond\'s friend and financial supporter. Hiding behind a one-way mirror, Luther watches as Richmond sadistically slaps Christy and tries to strangle her. When she attacks him with a letter opener, President Richmond calls for help, and Secret Service agents Bill Burton  and Tim Collin  shoot her to death. Chief of Staff Gloria Russell  arrives on the scene and makes the scene appear as if a burglar killed her. Luther escapes with some valuables and the bloody letter opener, but the Secret Service witness his escape. The next day, Detective Seth Frank  begins his investigation of the crime, and although Luther quickly becomes a prime suspect in the burglary, Frank does not believe he murdered Christy. As Luther is about to flee the country, he sees President Richmond on television, vowing to find the murderer. Incensed by this hypocrisy, Luther decides to bring the president to justice. Meanwhile, Burton asks Frank to keep him informed about the case while a Secret Service agent wiretaps Frank\'s office telephone. Luther\'s estranged daughter Kate , who works as a prosecutor, is contacted by Detective Frank, and the two go to Luther\'s town house to search for clues. Photographs of her in the house indicate that Luther has secretly been watching her as she grew up. She still suspects him of killing Christy, so she agrees to Frank\'s request that she meet with Luther. Frank guarantees Luther\'s safety, but Burton learns about the plan through the wiretap, and someone alerts Sullivan, who hires a hitman  to kill Luther. At the meeting, Collin\'s sniper and Sullivan\'s sniper, each unaware of the other, try to shoot Luther, but they both miss, and Luther escapes through the police cordon by posing as a police officer. Back at Kate\'s apartment, Luther comes out of hiding and explains to Kate how Christy was killed, and then leaves. Luther taunts Chief of Staff Russell by sending her a photograph of the letter opener and tricking her into wearing Christy\'s necklace in public. Correctly suspecting that Kate knows the truth, President Richmond orders Collin and Burton to kill her. When Detective Frank tells Luther that the Secret Service has taken over surveillance of Kate, Luther races back to Washington D.C. to protect her. He arrives at her jogging area just moments after Collin used his SUV to push her and her car off a cliff. Collin tries to kill her again at the hospital, approaching her bed with a poison-filled syringe, but Luther stops him, jabbing him in the neck with a poison-filled syringe of Luther\'s own, forcing Collin to drop his. When Collin pleads for mercy, Luther says he\'s "fresh out" and delivers the fatal dose. After learning from Detective Frank that Sullivan gave no reason why Christy stayed home—she had claimed to her husband, and to him only, that she was sick—Luther incapacitates Sullivan\'s chauffeur and drives Sullivan around Washington, telling him what happened on the night of the murder and explaining that the president incriminated himself in a speech by citing Christy\'s excuse for staying home, which he could only have learned from her. Luther gives Sullivan the letter opener and drops him off outside the White House, and Sullivan carries the letter opener into the Oval Office. Meanwhile, alerted by Luther that his phones are bugged, Detective Frank goes to Burton\'s office, where he discovers that a remorseful Burton has committed suicide for his attempt on Kate\'s life. Frank uses the evidence Burton left behind to arrest Russell. Later, on the television news, Sullivan claims that the president committed suicide by stabbing himself to death. Back at the hospital, Luther watches over Kate in her hospital bed, sketching her. After Detective Frank visits briefly, Luther suggests to Kate that she invite Frank to dinner sometime, and then continues to draw a sketch of the daughter he loves.'] ["Detective Agustín Rejas  is tracking the self-styled President Ezequiel , a Marxist-influenced guerrilla waging a brutal terrorist campaign against the corrupt-yet-democratic government of an unnamed Latin American country. Contrasting with the violence and death in his professional life, Rejas begins to fall for Yolanda  - his daughter's beautiful ballet teacher. But she may not be all she appears, and his growing attraction to her brings him in direct conflict with his prey."] ["In 1931 Paris, Nicole Picot , a model for a fashionable dress shop, is hired by nearly-penniless Stefan Orloff  to help persuade a financier to fund his ambitious plans. By 1934, Stefan has established an investment bank; in gratitude, he provides the capital that Nicole needs to set up her own business and become a successful dress designer . British diplomat Anthony Wayne  romances Nicole and wins her heart. However, when Stefan's crooked schemes start to unravel, he asks Nicole to marry him without divulging his main motive: the attendance of her influential friends at the well-publicized ceremony would bolster public confidence in him and buy him time. She agrees, out of friendship alone, much to the distress of her friend and assistant, Suzanne . It is too late. At their wedding, Stefan's closest confederate, Francis Chalon , is taken away by the police for questioning, and the other guests hastily depart. Knowing that Chalon can incriminate him, Stefan goes into hiding at a remote chateau. However, he makes a mistake, sending a letter to Nicole asking her to join him. She does so, despite Anthony's protests. Nicole gets Stefan to admit the truth, though he insists he does love her. When he sees that the police have followed Nicole and have surrounded the chateau, he excuses himself. To spare her from being dragged down with him, he goes outside. As he expected, he is shot and killed, though it is staged to look like a suicide to avoid causing further embarrassment to the government. Afterward, Anthony persists and finally gets Nicole to agree to marry him."] ['Bartholomew "Barley" Scott Blair , the head of a British publishing firm, is on a business trip to Moscow. He attends a writers\' retreat where he speaks of an inevitable New World Order on its way and an end to tension with the West. Attentively listening is a man called Dante , who wants to be convinced that Barley means what he says. It transpires that Dante has secretly written a book about the Soviet Union\'s true nuclear missile capabilities. A few months later, unable to locate Barley at a sales fair, a Russian woman named Katya Orlova  asks another publishing company\'s representative, Niki Landau , to pass along a very important manuscript. Niki sneaks a look at the book and delivers it to British government authorities instead. British intelligence agents and American CIA agents track Barley to his holiday flat in Lisbon, then interrogate him to see how he knows Katya. They realize he is as much in the dark as they are, so Ned , gives him some fundamental training as a spy. The British MI6 agents realize that the manuscript is of vital importance to the USA, so they start working with the CIA, with both agencies wanting Barley to work on their behalf. Barley returns to the USSR to seek out Dante and confirm that he is genuine. He meets with Katya, with whom he is instantly smitten. Through her, he confirms that Dante is a brilliant scientist whose actual name is Yakov. He also denies to Katya\'s face that he is a spy. At the first phase, the British run the operation, while informing the CIA on its results. The CIA team in the United States, headed by Russell , is concerned because the book states that the Soviet nuclear missile program is in very bad shape, and therefore there\'s no real reason for an arms race to continue. Katya sets up a face-to-face meeting with "Dante," going to great lengths to avoid being followed. Barley explains that the sensitive manuscript is now in the hands of British and American authorities. Yakov feels betrayed, but Barley convinces him that the book can still be published, which was the author\'s objective in the first place. Dante is clearly disappointed by Barley\'s trust of the authorities, explaining that government people  are only driven by their own interests, not caring about simple people. Nevertheless, Dante gives Barley another volume to the manuscript after Barley assures him that he\'s sympathetic to the cause. Impressed by the additional volume, Russell\'s boss Brady  and a U.S. military officer named Quinn  personally question Barley, wanting to be certain where his loyalties lie. Russell then travels to London to monitor Barley\'s progress. He declares that he would help the British operation out of a true ideological belief in Glasnost, although this would not be good news to his "customers" of the weapons industry, who need an arms race for continued prosperity. Convinced that Dante\'s manuscripts are truthful, the CIA and MI6 come up with a list of questions , which is meant to extract as much information of the USSR as Dante could provide. On that point, irregularities begin to emerge, but the joint British-American team rationalizes them, except for Barley\'s "Russia House" handler Ned, who senses something amiss. Barley, by now fully in love with Katya, wants to keep nothing from her; he admits that he is spying. Katya, in return, confirms that Yakov is not acting like himself, fearing that he may be under KGB observation or control. She gives Barley the address where Yakov will be staying when he is in Moscow. Barley is under full British-American surveillance as he takes the shopping list to Yakov\'s apartment. Ned suddenly concludes that the Soviets know all about the operation and that they only let it run because they want to put their hands on the list. He realizes that if they get the questions, they will know exactly what the British and Americans know - just based on what they were asking. Ned is now convinced that Barley has made a deal to turn over the questions to the USSR. Russell disagrees with Ned completely and instructs the assignment to proceed as planned. The British-American team expects the meeting with Yakov to last 2–3 hours, but when Barley doesn\'t return after 7 hours, Russell must admit that he was wrong. They must now do damage control, pretending that the questions were deliberately false. Barley, meanwhile, has left a note for Ned. Barley explains that during a prearranged phone call to Katya, Yakov used a code word to let her know that he has been compromised by the KGB, and that her life is also in danger. To save Katya, Barley has traded the shopping list to the Russians in exchange for the freedom of Katya\'s family. He admits to the British and Americans that it might be unfair, but as he writes to Ned: "You shouldn\'t open other people\'s letters." Barley returns to his flat in Lisbon, where he waits for a ship to dock that brings Katya and her family to begin a new life with him.'] ["In 1931, the working-class family Andersson of Ådalen are taking part in a massive sympathy strike for workers in the town Marma. Harald, the father of the family, catches fish and manages to support his family while maintaining a good mood. Kjell, the oldest son, works at the office of the local sawmill manager, and is taught about classical music, impressionism and French pronunciation by the manager's wife. He plays in a jazz band with his friend Nisse with whom he also discusses things like girls, erogenous zones and hypnosis. As spring commences, the manager's daughter Anna comes home for school holiday. She and Kjell fall in love, and she becomes pregnant with his child. When the sawmill is to deliver a big order to America, strikebreakers are called in from other towns. The local strikers become furious and police has to be called in to protect the strikebreakers. Still they are attacked by an angry crowd while working at the Sandviken wharf outside Kramfors. Some are thrown into the water, while others are beaten bloody. Harald takes care of an injured strikebreaker, but is confronted by a group of angry workers. He tries to argue for them to calm down and rely on discussion instead of violence, but they do not agree with his stance. Because of the turbulence, military troops arrive to ensure safety. It is also decided by the County Administrative Board that the strikebreakers should be prohibited from working, but this information doesn't reach the upset locals, who decide to march to the locality where the strikebreakers are staying to get rid of them. When the military troops fail in persuading the participants to stop, they open fire. Five people are killed and five more are injured. Among the dead are Harald Andersson, Nisse and a young girl who had only been a bystander. Around the same time, Anna returns from Stockholm where she has had an abortion arranged by her mother. When Kjell is told about the abortion by Anna's father, he interprets it as if he isn't accepted within the bourgeois idyll. A general strike is proclaimed. While Kjell is occupied as a strike guard, he meets the man who had previously argued with his father. The man claims that the father wasn't innocent, since he had helped to divide the workers. Not until now they were united. Kjell does not agree, instead claiming that education is the key to a better society. Slowly the Andersson family recover from the loss, and eventually the factories open again."] ["A man murders a woman who rejects him, then creates a fire to make the death look accidental. The district attorney, Dan Callahan, on a hunting trip with Judge Leland Hoffman, is summoned back to the city to handle the murder investigation. Callahan and Hoffman both have political ambitions, eyeing the upcoming election for governor. The high-profile nature of the murder case persuades Callahan that it could vault him to the governor's office if he prosecutes it himself. He personally arrests the prime suspect, Thornwall, a wealthy man with political connections whose wife is the victim. Hoffman is assigned to be the judge in the case, which could impact his own political future. A senator, Alex Simon, informs both the judge and D.A. that he intends to pursue the governor's office himself, claiming he wishes to come home after serving in Washington, D.C., for many years. His wife, Cathy, was once romantically involved with Judge Hoffman, who is bribed with an appointment to the federal bench if he agrees to not oppose Simon for governor. Callahan turns ruthless and vindictive in achieving his political aims, determined to win at any cost. His right-hand man unethically blurts on the witness stand that the defendant had once before threatened his wife. This evidence is inadmissible hearsay and the judge orders it stricken from the record, but the jury, armed with this knowledge, convicts the defendant of murder in the first degree. The senator dies of a heart attack. Hoffman's guilty conscience forces him to go public with the revelation that Simon offered him a bribe. His career is ruined, but Cathy is proud of him for standing by his convictions. A gardener who committed the murder flees town in a panic, is apprehended by police and confesses to the crime. When the gubernatorial convention fails to win Callahan a majority, Hoffman arrives and is swept up by the admiring crowd to the party's nomination."] 